3	You're so vain, I bet you thought this review was about you, don't you, don't you... OK, so the new HRH tower is beautiful! Simple, clean, modern, elegant, contemporary. WOW. Why wouldn't the club inside be the same? Yes, it is a gorgeous club. AMAZING in fact. The floors as you walk in are gold, the dance floor is great, the tables look amazing. All in all, great design. So this review is based on their opening weekend, things are bound to change. Most clubs have a shelf life. The hype is always there, especially if you are opening on New Years Eve! So, I stayed at the the HRH tower for NYE, thinking that paying for a suite was enough to get me in easily was a bad assumption. The door men could care less if you are guest of the Hard Rock, hell, the only thing they really care about is you slipping them some cash to get in. The lines outside were massive compared to the amount of people who were actually inside. Not cool. A drink costs about $18, but hey it's Vegas! The thing I didn't like about Vanity was that they had the same music two nights in a row... P Diddy was there, which calls for hip hop. But then Bob Sinclair was there the next night, and they were still playing commercial hip hop... I think if they were to be a bit nicer to guests, and play a better variety of music, I might have posted 5 stars.
1	-Orange-glo faux tanned, beach-blonde, spiked hair and arrogant, egotistical smirked bouncers. Check.-Entrance located smack dab in the middle of the casino floor. Check.-No lines = b00bage and w33ner CHAOS. Check.This racist sh!thole place they call Vanity is a joke. The bouncers are so full of themselves, I swear their heads were about to burst. While waiting in the non-existent line, a pool of sleazeball pedophiles, silicone-valleyed cougars and pumas, ganstas 'n' wankstas, and chicas y chicos will shove and push their way up to the bouncers and walk their botched a$$es into the club while you stand there with your group looking and feeling like a sorry, pathetic fool.  You will love this place if:1. You have some extra, EXTRA Benjamins to shove up a couple of orange-glo donkey a$$es; cover will cost you another EXTRA.2. You don't mind being shoved around and feeling like a third world alien in a crowd that more resembles downtown San Jose.3. You have nothing fancy to wear since dingy sneakers, slashed jeans and buffalo plaid are all the rage here; No class required.The only cool part about the night is that I saw Lisa Ling. She's too cute.
2	I went to Vanity January 2010, just a couple of weeks after it opened.  The decor is great, our hostess and the rest of the staff were extremely helpful.  Music was great.  Good looking crowd.  The gogo dancers are hot.  The women at the table next to us kept taking off their tops (AVN weekend, wuddya expect).  On top of that, I saw the Empress of Lucite there!  Night MADE.Or so I thought.  We opted for bottle service because we figured it would be cheaper than cover for everyone + ordering at the bar. But when the bill came, our tab was over $800!!  For one tiny bottle!  (NOT including ordering drinks from the bar because we finished our bottle).  Charging for mixers and $65 for a carafe of Red Bull.  Pretty lousy.I would have given this place 4 stars but it's down to 2.  $800 for one bottle left a bad taste in my mouth.
5	Vanity is brand spanking new, sweet decor. Reminded me alot of XS just smaller and more private... Didn't love the DJ the Saturday I went, but that changes upon the night of the week you go.But my review is for one of their amazing employee, five stars for Matt Minichino! He was so helpful and kind to my friends and myself. GO MATT!
4	When you think of clubbing at the Hard Rock, you think Body English... well that's what we were thinking till we got there and it was nowhere to be found! We asked one of the people working there and he said it will be closed till April. NOOOOOoooo! So what now? Well apparently they have a new club that opened New Years called Vanity... Since we were already there, we were thinking why not, lets give it a shot... So I was kind of hesitant at first when I saw that there was barely any line... it was getting close to 10pm already on a Friday night and I was wondering where everyone was... As we were standing there debating if we should go somewhere else, a promoter/host came up to us and said that since we had a good ratio 3 guys/5 girls, the girls can get in for free and guys only have to pay $30.  What the hell... It's a new club... can't be that bad... and you know what... It really wasn't! I actually had a good time!The place is really flashy with one of the coolest lightings I've seen at the clubs in Vegas. You can easily get mesmerized by the lights on the ceiling... hahahaaa.. The girls (dancer/waitresses) are hotness and the DJ spun some really mixed tracks of hip hop and other dance. I would have to say that the DJ that night was better than the one at XS. The dance floor is this rectangular space that could be a little bigger but big enough.The crowd was pretty mixed so that's a plus and the girls were looking.... okay... not too bad, not too good... I did notice a more than usual amount of cougars on the prowl though... Anyways, later on during the night the place got busy and our whole group was still having a blast. The music, which I think keeps the club poppin was on point all night long.Overall a decent club worth checking out if you can get in for $30 and your girlfriends can get in for free.
4	I am from Vegas and I have been in most of the clubs over the years. The hard  rock definately knows how to do the clubs right.  The club decor is beautiful anf boutique kind of hollywood regency.  The music is a mix and everyone loved it.  beautiful people everywhere. Drinks are a little pricey but that is to be expected it is a Vegas club.  The main VIP host is not nice. Jesse is also a vip host and he is great!  Almost forgot the gogo dancers are HOT.. Men and women will love the club
5	I came here with my girl friends on a Saturday night.  The line was not as long as that of XS or possibly Pure - maybe because the Hard Rock is located off the Strip. I liked the fact that it's free for local LV females. The decor is modern and reminded me of Planet Hollywood with some neon lighting and chandeliers in abstract, futuristic shapes. One of the things I loved most about this club is the DJ/Music. Unlike other night clubs I've been to, the music and the personal shout-outs gave me the impression that they have an excellent, dedicated DJ who REALLY cared about his audience. I also liked the fact that there are comfortable seating areas for those who didn't want to pay hundreds of dollars for bottle service. This may sound weird, but the women's rest room was also a sight to see. The waiting area was covered with full size mirrors, and on the vanity were dozens of different bottles of perfume. Very nice!
1	If you're looking to hit up a sausage festival then maybe you should try Vanity first. Seriously, the guy to girl ratio was like 7:1. I've never felt like such a piece of meat in my life. It was a red flag when the bouncer escorted us into the club and started asking us if we liked football players. The whole 15 minutes we were in there he tried to pimp our group out to like 5 different tables! And as we were leaving there was a bouncer at the door that insisted that we did not leave and he wanted to get us "free" drinks. Well his idea of free was to pimp us out to ANOTHER table...at that point we really needed to get to a real club.
5	I went on a sunday and you would have thought it was friday night!! wow, what a place...1... gold floors, beautiful surroundings, ong breath takingly beautiful inside!!! you feel like your ina 5 star club for sure!!2.. Best music on the strip! they played a variety of hip hop, r&b and even reggea (whaaa? in vegas!) 3. outside vip cabanas with a nice view4. the dance floor is massive! vip tables lined the dance floor, so it was easy to jump right over the rope. 5. I kno this is silly but the girls bathroom was probably my favorite pat of this club! Red and white plush seating, huge mirrors and the FUNNEST bathroom attendents you will ever meet!!! 6... the girl dancers are super hot and super nice! i told one of the grls it was my bday and she let me get up the pole and work it... she even gave me sum lessons. nice girl!POINT IS... i would go back Fo0o0o0o0or suuuuure!!!
4	Helpful bouncers, helpful waitress, helpful bottle runner.  Music is just like any other club in Vegas which tries to tailor to the general audience.  Pretty much, top 40, hip-hop, trance, and dance club or disco music.  The atmoshere is nice, the setting is chill, and I like how girls can dance atop the reservation tables.  They have lamp posts with a small space to dance near each of the reservation tables.  The place is well ventilated so it doesn't get too hot.  Well our reservation table bottle service area was next to the AC so we got pretty lucky! =)Our cocktail waitress was nice and set us up w/ all our drinks from the bottle we got.  She came back to ensure we had our seconds, and our thirds.  The dance floor is fairly small, but large enough to walk through to get the the restrooms.  The girl restrooms have a lounge in it, but the workers who hand you paper towels are shady w/ their mentos and gum. They expect tip for even just a mento.  So make sure you bring a couple dollars if you need gum, a cigarette, or a spray of perfume that they have available in the bathroom for you if you get all sweaty, stinky, and need to freshen up ;).  The outside patio is great for a breath of fresh air.  It overlooks one side of the pool to Hard Rock where they have Rehab.  All around great place to chill.  So far, this club and XS in Encore is on my top list of clubs in Vegas. Everywhere else is TOO crowded.  Make sure you get bottle service!  It is nice to have a place to come back to and meet up with your friends especially if you go in a large group.  Otherwise...go with just a friend, and then meet someone with bottle service ;)
3	came here on a thursday night, so it was what it was.wasnt really a big crowd, so i cant really say too much about that.  decided to come chk it out cause it was one of the newer clubs in vegas.  the place wasnt as big as i thought it was.  the bartenders were hot & really hooked it up w/ the alcohol.  lets just say i ordered a jack & coke and got 90% jack and 10% coke. speaking of coke, some girl went up to my friend and asked him if he had some...but ya, best thing about the place was the awesome LED or whatever ceiling that had trippy light shows.  music was ok.  not really big on house music, but i could definitely appreciate the potential of this place.
3	First of all, getting into this place is as tough as getting an invite to the grammys. So unless you got a hook or are depending on a uber-early arrival, Consider your time wasted. The line is non existent. Rather it's just a huge pit of Las Vegas goers hoping that flashing some skin or money will get them in. Once through the ropes, go up the escalator, then through a corridor. Welcome to Vanity. I'm thinking. Shoot, this place looks like a CAVE. The dance floor is OK, there are more "VIP" tables than space to mingle, and the music is a melange... You know, the kind of mix where you get off the dance floor cause the music sucks so bad, but once you're waiting in line for alcohol, there's that ONE song that comes up... How unsatisfying. And then... The bathroom. I'm a woman, so I can't speak for the men at this club, but the bathroom MUST be why this place is called vanity. There's a grip or chicks hanging loose in here on elite-looking couches, mirrors with lightbulbs so attracting, your face is begging you to stare... Then we got the downside. The security in the bathroom is even more tighter than by the bars. The woman was going through the bathroom stalls, knocking, and even PEERING through the holes to make sure there was no party foul. I'm all for maintaning your alcohol, or drinking responsibly, and all that jazz, but come on lady, let me pee without your eye through the peephole. It's such a major disgust knowing you're on it...Vanity is ... OK.
3	I really hate gambling at Hard Rock, but came here to meet some friends to party. We got bottle service and had a table outside, too bad it was like 50 degrees that night, but whatever. They had this fire pit thing outside that everyone went near to keep warm, or you can go inside. It was pretty crowded but it was a decent crowd nonetheless. The place isn't super huge but seemed like there was enough space to walk around, dance, chill and stuff. The waitresses were nice and the bouncers weren't total douchebags so all in all I had a good time. I would actually go here again.
3	If we hadn't had such a crazy night the night before (or the same hook up) this could've gotten 4 stars, but I'll just leave it at 3.  We did get a hook up as far as no wait, no cover (always a plus in Vegas).  The decor is really nice, definitely a lot better than Body English.  It isn't too huge inside, but it was fine.  Yes the bathroom is crazy, you walk in and it's just mirrors and mirrors and places to lounge, I was thinking, where are the toilets?! But they're behind the wall if you keep walking--which I actually think was nice that they separated off the toliets from the rest of the bathroom (haha, I can't believe I spent more than 1 sentence on a bathroom!!)  They played all hiphop (well at least during the time I was there--again, another plus).  The drinks are really expensive: $15 for a shot?!  One of the reasons why this place didn't get more stars.  If we had free bottle service like our previous night it would have made this experience a lot better, but we ended up leaving earlier than expected.  Plus the crowd wasn't as great so the energy didn't really entice us to stay longer.  But overall, nice to check out--I don't know if I'd feel it was worth it if I had to stand around and wait to get in and pay cover.
2	One thing i did like about this place was the girls restroom hahaha.. it is pretty cute and nice.Got here around 12:30 am.. on friday night. Walked right now since its all girls. Crowd was just UGLY! sorrry but no one good looking what so ever. Gotta get wasted so you have a good time. It wasn't as crowded as you would expect at XS or Tao.
4	This is probably my favorite new club!First time, I went to Vanity (a few weeks into the new year) I went on a Thursday. I wasn't sure how I'd like it cause I was told it was "house music" night. Don't get me wrong - I don't hate house; then again, it's not my favorite. Feel me?And considering all the hype I heard with Haze, I wasn't expecting to like Vanity more than Haze...but, I liked it wayyyyy more than Haze.The set up of the club is more open and easy to walk around in. The dancefloor is spacious and less confining. They have this beautiful light "thing-a-ma-hooz" hanging over the dancefloor and it changes colors..very cool!My favorite part of the club is the women's restroom! There are actual vanities in there =) SO FUN!!! It's, also, probably the briiiightest restroom I've ever been in...the light in there is kinda blinding..lol
3	Vanity Nightclub is actually an underestimated venue in Las Vegas. Some friends and I went here for a Thursday night, and it was actually very nice. Its not my FAVORITE nightclub, but its nicer than manyThe music was amazing as well as the lighting work. For you guys, if girls are what you are interested in, the girl crowd is pretty good. This venue attracts more locals (in case if anyone wants to meet someone who can show them around town). The staff is fairly courteous (in comparison to your mega clubs like XS and Pure). Vanity is pretty spacious, with a large dance floor, and of course VIP seating throughout the club. For those who have gone to Haze, I would say Vanity is better. I believe that Haze just gets certain crowds do to the location. Haze (City Center) has been pulling large crowds also because of the weekly performances from big artists, as well as getting large named celebrities to make appearances. Vanity  seems to be holding its own without having to shell out huge amounts of money on advertising and trying to bring in big names.
3	PROS:Good Drinks, Nice layout..hot bartenders! Bartenders and waitresses were very nice! They played good music.CONS:The line is a bit un-organized. Luckily, we were a group of girls and everyone knows that Vegas is a girls town! The crowd was unfortunately filled with old douche bags! There were so many walking around as if the Affliction line threw up all over them with a splach of Ed Farty. The Vip table suck! They are right in the front and  you're pretty much facing the wall.FINAL ANSWER: GO! just don't go on Old Douche Bag nite (Sat nitte) I heard Sunday is the best day for Vanity!
2	Let me preface this by saying that I'm a huge fan of XS, but I really REALLY wanted to give this place a chance.  Okay, so last year we did XS for the first time and loved it.  Our host, server, and table attendant were professional and courteous and did a hell of a job making us feel that dishing out $2K for a table was somewhat justified.  We debated on going to XS again, but wanted to try something new this year.  (We ended up going to XS via the hotel guest line since we stayed at the Encore, which I highly recommend doing--saves time!)  Vanity it was.  From the get go, I did my research.  Meh, yelp reviews warned to stay away, but I took it in stride since, let's be honest, those who have a crappy experience are likely to gripe and moan, like so: =)Saturday1) Line: We arrived at 10, which is when the host told us to arrive.  One big mob outside, some waiting for the regular line, some with tables, some just standing around.  We had to fight through everybody just to get a host's attention. We finally were led upstairs after 30 minutes of waiting.  2) Tables: Our "table" was literally 18 inches in diameter and basically blocked in 2 other tables.  The entire night, people were bumping into us just to get out to use the bathroom & go dance.  I mean, I understand, not every club can be as expansive as XS, but come on, we had 9 guys... 3 bottle minimum, and literally 6 of us were forced to stand because there's no room to sit?3) Service:  Though admittedly gorgeous, our server was attentive, but for all the wrong reasons.  We ordered 2 bottles of vodka to start off with and she came back literally every 5 minutes to pour us new drinks.  Granted we were thirsty and I understand she has a living to make, but after 30 minutes, we went through both bottles!  New strategy: order a third bottle and pretend it's liquid gold.  "Oh, you want another drink?" Well TOO bad, this baby's lasting the rest of the night.  On a sidenote, the table across from us had a host who kept a vigilant eye on them the whole night.  Unbeknownst to them, he was creeping on their clove cigs.  I watched a HOST wait til they were nice and liquored up and steal a cigarette out of the case left on the table.  We make eye contact.  He smirks and hands me the cigarette.  There's something wrong here, right?  lol wtf.4)  People: I know every club has the d bags who grope and shove, but seriously, it just seemed exponentially worse here.  Girls... ehhhhh, go to XS haha5) Prices: Bottles ran $500 per.  Eesh.  Bottle of water runs at $9.  Double eesh.6) DJ: music was... decent.  Not bad, but the XS DJ blows this hell hole out of the water.  Fatman Scoop performed as well.  That was pretty much the high point.So bottom line: There are definitely better places to spend your time and money.  It's a friggin recession--you deserve more for less =)  I won't be here again, fooled me once...
4	I loved this place and I cannot wait to go back. Body English was always fun, but it was a good thing they closed and opened up Vanity - the school girl theme was so 1999.Great layout and nice decor, hot bartenders and cocktail waitresses. The outdoor patio was  cool, but just like the inside of the club, space is small. The VIP tables aren't the best because they are along a walk way facing a wall, but still good because it is in the middle of the party where things are happening.The line here is unorganized meaning you'll probably have a hard time figuring out which line is the general line, or where to go to find your "hook up"... either way, just ask a fellow partier.i didn't pay much attention to the crowd because I was having a ball with my girls... from what I've heard, Jersey Shore threw up all over the place, but seriously, it's inevitable to run into over-tanned juice heads... it's Vegas and they'll be everywhere.FINAL ANSWER: GO GO GO! You'll have a great time at this place. Either make sure you know a host that can take care of you at the line or go in line early. TIP: Sunday is their best night.
4	I love Vanity. Love VIP service. Terry hooked us up for sure! We went to celebrate being done hosting events for the week and it was with a great group of people. Love bottle service. DJ that played the night we went was spectacular. Loved dancing - dance floor is small but a good time for sure. Adored the fact that we were escorted to the restroom and he waited for us. You know how ladies get. You will get caught up in the restroom. Everything imaginable is available in the restroom. It is a full service Vanity in there and a hangout in itself! Much fun to be had at Vanity!!!
3	This is a little smaller than Tryst, but it's still a good size. There are VIP sections right in front of you when you get in, and a line of stripper poles right in front. Then behind that is the dance floor. There are also VIP sections off to the side as well. Clinton Sparks was dj'ing that Saturday night, and he annoys me, so I didn't enjoy that. Otherwise, it was still a good time there.
5	Let me start by saying that I am always skeptical about going to a "new" club because you never really know what to expect. Vanity exceeded my expectations on every level!We went last Sunday night (on Easter). Sundays are the day to be at Vanity for sure! We always do our best to be on guest list to avoid waiting and try to arrive early enough to get in & get drunk before it gets too crowded. That having been said, we got to Vanity around 10:45 (since most clubs open around 10 or 10:30 pm), but we forgot that Vanity is the rare exception to the rule - They do not open till 11 pm. When we got there, there were only a few other people standing by the ropes. There was no real line, you just have to fight your way to the front and talk to someone at the door. When they started letting people in, we were let in almost immediately, and since we were on guest list, ladies were free, and I think guys paid $10. Not to shabby. Once we got in to the club, we went right up to the bar and got served right away. Drinks were good, and average priced for Vegas ($7-9 for a beer, $12-15 for a mixed drink). Although this club is smaller than most, it didn't seem to be over crowded, and it was relatively easy to get served at all of the bars pretty quickly. The chandelier over the dance floor is absolutely breath taking! I could have stood there and stared at it all night! The DJ played terrific music all night long, and they even had a drummer that came and played a few sets along with the DJ... Never saw anything like this before, but I'm hooked! The whole crowd was jumping around and singing along - couldn't have asked for a better time!The workers here are HOT HOT HOT! Of course, being at the Hard Rock, the go go dancers have a little edge to them, and it was kind of cool to see. The workers here were also very attentive - Every time I pulled out a cigarette, there was always someone there to light it for me! They are so attentive, and it makes your experience here that much better.And of course, I have to write about the women's bathroom, which is the known highlight to this club. They have everything you can imagine at your disposal, and they even have workers that will help you fix your hair & make up! I can see why they named this place Vanity! Overall, we had a great experience, and I will definitely be going here again the next time we are in Vegas!
2	Came to Vanity for the first time...wasn't that impressed.  It reminds me of Tryst that tries too hard that it comes off as cheesy.  We got there early, not knowing what to expect.  The front reminds me of trying to get into Playboy/Moon...lots of dudes, and the bouncers pick and choose, while staring at their clipboards the whole time and not looking you in the eye.  However, If you're a group of girls, you got a good chance of getting in.  It was pretty empty when we got in...and it took awhile for the place to fill up with energy. The outside area was probably the best part of the club.  Worst part of the club: $18 drinks!!  And that's without tip.  That's pretty ridiculous, $4 more than XS..
4	I must admit, I'm a big fan.  I would like to disclose that I am not a dance club type of girl.  My idea of a great time is a bar with live music, great food, and people who just like good company.  I always wanted to like the clubs at the Hard Rock but I just couldn't do it! The decor and the vibe of their new towers is awesome. Although I was super drunk and didn't pay too much attention to the people in the place, I felt like the vibe and people were more sophisticated and less retarded then they usually were at Babies and Body English. We came here for a bach party this weekend and were playing a scavenger hunt game and loved that most of the people in the place were receptive to the 12 drunk girls running around asking for piggy back rides and dances. For those of you who don't know me, I like talking about bathrooms. Vanity had the most adorable bathrooms and they were clean!!! I don't know if I give them the award for ultimate cleanliness but they are definitely up there. Kudos to HR.
1	ZERO STARS but since I can't do that, 1-Star it is!Yays: -We didn't pay to get in.Nays: -Sausageville-Sausages walking around, were arrogant sons of their mothers.-The Music, OMG who the hell dances to "Sweet Caroline"?! Seriously???-Really bright strobe lights, like searchlight bright, so bright  that they can induce seizures. I got an f'n headache 10 mins into entering the dancefloor.We walk up to the entrance, and there is absolutely no organization AT ALL, complete chaos. Tons of people just standing around at the front trying figure out how the heck to get in. I understand that chicks are always lookin to get something for nothing but I was really looking forward to just hanging out with a group of girls but the females that I went with, out-of-towner friends of a friend, were being sacks of poo to our promoter, so he made us wait for about 30 minutes, yep, just standing there waiting. No line, no nothing, just standing there in a sea of females.As we were waiting, I was just observing who they were selecting to go in... GROUPS OF GUYS, WTF?! Granted, they probably bought tables, work there, blah, blah, blah but there are crap loads of females that they're not letting in, hello?! So I already knew wtf to expect inside... And I was RIGHT.Sausageville to the MAX. All the tables were occupied by sausage and not one female would even go near the tables, there was more sausage than chicks on the dancefloor, and there was so much sausage at the bar, NOT buying drinks. And not to mention the fact that if you don't respond to any of their one-liners or phyiscal (BARF) advances, they cry whine and call you names, although I thought it was quite entertaining how these DBs handled rejection haha!And to the DB that wouldn't move when I needed to get past you and you started pushing me when I squeezed through you and your DB friend, you might want to rethink the whole DB attitude... You may be 7" tall but your FACE could use some work.The name "Vanity" fits this place well. All the people that go there all so full of themselves.
5	I have been looking forward to coming here for a while, heard nothing but good things and it pretty much lived up to the hype. Went with a local so getting in wasn't an issue. Gave ourselves a little tour before heading to the table and I must say they did it right. Good flow, 2 ways in and out of each area so you never find yourself in the crazy crowded dead ends pushing and shoving to get in our out. Outside area that actually has - wait for - seating that ISN'T part of bottle service only! So if even if you aren't paying an arm and a leg to get in you can get the pleasure of resting your feet for a few minutes if you so choose. I think this is something many clubs are missing. I get it, they want you to pay for a table, but so many don't have a single area for other's to sit down, that's pretty sad for those pep's. Their bouncers are on it, they keep people moving so you don't get stuck in the smaller narrow passage ways, sometimes I'll say they get a bit too aggressive, but i know they are just doing their jobs. Good stage, good areas with the gogo dancers workign it, and awesome dancers. There was a band/DJ group thing performing when we were there on sunday called 5150 (or 50150, or fiftyonefifty?) that was a blast. Very clever niche - a DJ (basic) who does his set with a hardcore drummer (I'm talking mo-hawk tattoo'd hard core metal drummer) And one of the most intense dancers who ties the two together. The play your typical top 40, but the added drum and dancer make it feel like you're at a concert rather than a club. Like everyone watches the whole set, cheers after each song and it's just a great vibe. I will admit I felt a bit like an old lady after about 5 songs my ears drums felt like they were about to burst from how loud it was, but I hung in there. And how can i leave this out - the bathrooms are by far, the BEST in Vegas! A plethora of lotions, potions, hair products and perfumes to spruce and freshen yourself up. Beautifully decorated and lounge furniture like an old fashioned powder rooms. Loved it!  We didn't stay for as long as I'd like due to a very early flight the next day. But I definitely hope to go back with a group of rowdy girls to have some fun times!
4	Friday night cattle into Vanity with at least 15 in our party.  We were lead to our table off to the side of the main floor with our very own stripper pole (oh! if you only knew! those that know me well already do).  But apparently this table was not good enough for our friend who was taking care of everything so as we wait to be ushered to a table that meets his standards, I get my own escort to the private uber secret VIP bathroom that's behind the dj booth...don't I feel special!  And get to meet the DJ! teehee =PWe were treated well and had a blast!  Great view of our own go-go dancer, the main dance floor, and the DJ.  We had our own bouncer for our table who was pretty cool and their staff even brought out a birthday cake for the birthday woman...we didn't realize until the next day that no one actually got to eat the cake LOL  Good Times!! =D
4	I was going to Vegas for my birthday with a group of girlfriends, so I already had great company with me. Someone had made a phone call and we were already on a list so we had to wait about two minutes. One girl left her ID back at the hotel so the two of us ran back to our hotel, then back to Vanity, and they still walked us right in. The bartenders were nice, and we got quick service. I liked the DJ, the dance floor was crowded but I could still move unlike XS were I thought I might be trampled to death. There was comfy seating even for people who didnt have bottle service. The bathrooms were amazing.   The only real problem was that there were not that many people, I like a livelier club.
1	Not worth it. I know that Vegas sucks for guys unless they have a ton of money. So... I went there knowing this. Yet, I did not expect the place to be such a joke. The girls got in fine, I got in for free and all that jazz, but the line was ridiculous, you couldn't tell who was in and who wasn't. Plus it was some Ed Hardy shit in here. And they were old too, all the men with their girlfriends that could have been their daughters. But besides this, the bouncers pretty much sucked. They let in any guy that had a chick. If we would have known this the group of girls would have come back out and got the guys in but we didn't. Instead the guys had to bribe the bouncer to let them in. There was no one else in line. NO one. WTF right? SO to get 6 guys in they had to pay like $30 cover and a $100 bribe. IF we would have known this we would have left. Inside wasn't very nice, and no one, I repeat, no one was dancing till we started to dance. Who goes to a club and doesn't dance?Never again.
4	Went here this past Saturday night/Sunday morning with some friends.  I'm so glad we were with someone who knew someone or I don't think I would have even attempted to get in!  The drinks from the bar were reasonably strong and the rest of the night was spent at a table... and really I have no complaints about the table service.  The second our bottles were empty a new one magically appeared.  My trip to the bathroom really gave me a glimpse of the people that come to clubs like this.. maybe it was just because it was the UFC afterparty... or maybe not.  Not usually my crowd but I still had a good time!REALLY REALLY wish I had been here on Sunday night to see DEADMAU5!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Thinking about Vanity only brings back good memories. I m not sure if its my first time being featured on spyonvegas : ( http://sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc3/hs337.snc3/29443_116064648437529_100001019834956_93498_5217344_n.jpg) Or looking back at all those suckahs waiting in line from the escalator as I was heading in there. I remember a grenade in line ran her mouth and was like , "Oh I guess this club only needs more dicks, but less chicks" Yes we need more dicks as long as we don't get blown off by grenades. Anyway on to my Vanity experience. We got in way early at around 11'ish and the bottle service servers/go go dancers were abundant and standing around waiting for what the night has to offer. One of the things that caught my eyes wasn't how hot the dancers/server girls looked in their corsets, panties and stockings, but how they all matched. When all the girls have matching outfits, it definitely gives the club an appeal that there are hot girls all over the place. I came in and I got the feel that this place just plain sexy. Within minutes I have already completed my walk through. So this was no mega club like Tao/ Haze or XS. However it does pack a punch with every little nook and crany. I can't imagine seeing one spot in the club where its not lit up with some high tech LED lights. The roof of the dance floor lights up according to the music being played. I m glad I noticed this before I got too wasted. I spent most of my night talk to Kori, Yumi, Brie and her friends in the outside patios. On Friday it got a little bit too crowded for their tastes. The patio itself has some nice comfortable couches and several tables setup as well. We sat next to a fire pit in the cool May evening and talk about our trip being an epic success thus far.  Later in the evening as the crowd died down, we went over Nassau and P's tables and got our dance on a bit. After it was all said and I don't I hardly remember my elevator ride back up to my room. I m glad I stayed at the HRH and went to Vanity. It just makes things so much easier. I will come to Vanity as much as possible when I stay at the HRH. It will be my post club, club on all nights.PS. Whats up with the chicks getting an entire dressing room for their bathroom? The guys just get a couple of cans and urinals. How unfair!
4	This place is really a 3.5 for me. My buddy did a classic last minute Vegas wedding so we were looking for some place to celebrate. I called ahead and they said if we could get there before 11 they could guarantee a table. We said can't do it cause the wedding is at 10:30. They said tough luck. Fine. Tryst said they didn't have a problem and I love Tryst. So we had some drinks at Hard Rock and I happened to be talking to someone in management and brought the issue up. He was like "that seems silly, let me make a call". Sure enough, our table was then guaranteed.So after the wedding we show up and everything is all setup. I do get a little miffed when the club is largely dead even at midnight (remember we HAD to show up before 11......).After that, we proceeded to have a great time. Security seemed a little bit heavy handed but besides that the vodka treated us well and the service was great. Had it not been for a good save at the end, this would have been a 2.5 - 3 star experience, the experience then turned it into a 3.5 star experience but after my friends had a great wedding night, it turned it into a 4 star experience.
1	Me and several of my girlfriends went here for a bachelorette party. We had a table reserved with two bottles and were put outside on the coldest day in Vegas with the wind as cold as can be. We tried tipping the guy a hundred bucks to get us inside but they said all the tables reserved had more bottles than us and were all full so they couldn't do it. So being pretty desperate and freezing we found a table full of guys, coincidentally there for a bachelor party, and asked if we could put our bottles on their table and join them. They kindly accepted and next thing you know, the vanity people get upset at us and say we can't do that. They made it damn near impossible for us to have a good time. We had to scatter about for them to give us a break. Other than this incident the club was ok and the bathroom  was really pretty.
3	The place itself is nice! Lots of room to move around. The waitresses are top notch Hotties!!! I actually thought it was too much light. .This place is not as busy as it looks. The only problem I have is that at around 100-130am I asked one of the hosts if they can move  our table up front to where the dance floor was. He said we have to buy more bottles. Funny, there were lots of empty tables. I thought it was bullshit. @ LAVO. they moved us to the dance floor once the people left and it started to thin out. The music was eeeeeeeeeeeeeh. OK i guess. not the best. I still had a great time.
4	I love going to Vanity on Sundays whenever I am in Vegas. SIN Sunday = Locals Night! The music on Sundays is on point. They do not stick to one genre which is nice. They play array of hip-hop, house, pop, old school, top 40s and so on. I never would want to leave the dance floor because the music is that good!  Sometimes they have drink specials for ladies before a certain time!The venue itself is sexy. The lighting over the top makes the room so sultry and gives a dim effect to the whole place. They even chance color and do different effects according to the music. They have really cool light fixtures and chandeliers over the dance floor too. The club is on the smaller side but yet this place does not get jam packed like the bigger clubs do. You actually have room to dance!!.I have to agree, ladies check out the bathrooms.  It really is a big vanity!! Large tall mirrors, plenty of plush couches, perfumes, hair care, makeup, candies etc filling the sinks. They keep these bathrooms CLEAN! You can hear the music in the bathroom so most girls tend to chill in there like its another room.. LOLThe only con I have about this place is the line outside getting in! Acutally WHAT LINE! Its a mass of people trying to wave down a bouncer or promoter in hopes to be a lucky one to get in faster. Seriously, unorganized and a hassle if you do not have a hook.Great place to end a weekend in Vegas.
4	I've been here twice. Once on Memorial Day weekend, when the place was packed, the atmosphere was good, and it was definitely a five star occasion. They brought in a drummer with his own personal gogo girl and they rocked out to hip hop music -- what?? It was sickness. However, the most recent time I went, it was lameness. Bouncers were being dicks for seemingly no reason. And we had a freaking table. C'mon, don't you understand customer service? How about instead of just shoving me, you ask me politely, like a civilized human being? The outside patio was closed because the population was so low.  Hmmm, I'm on the fence about the servers in lingerie and corsets. I think I'd respect the place more if my servers were better clothed, as cute as she was. It wasn't a completely terrible outfit.It seemed like the place was full of insecurity and pretentiousness that night. Luckily, I found a group of Canadians on the dance floor who, of course were getting down and having fun. I joined them and salvaged what would have been a 1 star night.
4	Vanity is probably one of my favorite clubs to go to in Vegas because it's smaller and not so overwhelming. The inside has really nice decor and the crowd is usually younger and better looking than the other clubs on the strip. It's also nice to be able to walk around - you usually can't walk around a club in Vegas without some drunk girl stepping on your toes or spilling their drink on you. Bartenders are fast, drinks are worth what you pay, and the music is SO GOOD. If you just want to dance and have a good time with your group, Vanity is a lot of fun. Go here on Saturdays when Clinton Sparks spins, he is the best DJ on the strip. If you've never been to Vegas before though, I wouldn't recommend coming here. It's smaller and not as over the top as the heavy hitters on the strip. If you're looking for something outrageous, try XS or Tao.
5	This is my third time at Vanity and on this particular occasion it was for 4th of July.  I talked to Justen and he asked that I come down here between 10:30 - 11:30 to avoid the crowds. Since its a holiday weekend, it might be rough for us to get in. I made it a point to get the JC crew together on the same page and we were all ready to roll in. I texted Justen and he asked that I meet him by the glass case, when I got there I thought the guy was Justen, but it was Jason or someone else. He told me to talk to another gent who then finally brought out Justen. This process took only 10 mins and everyone was still calm and collected unlike the poor souls that have been waiting outside since 9:30 pm. I took a quick head count and gave Justen our numbers.  He wrote us our walking papers and up the escalators we went.  I told Marcus's girls that its a JC tradition at vanity where you have to wave back at the peeps waiting when you go up the escalator. They were too shy to do it.So we got in and everyone was amazed by how sexy it was. We spent a little bit of time socializing and talking about Socal life vs North Carolina life. Everyone had a nice and kick back start to the night. Eventually we ventured out to the fire pit to relax (since we didn't have enough peeps to do bottle service, which is a must here..). I call the fire pit area your common folk bottle service area. You got a sweet little couch to kick back, sit down and drink. Doesn't get any better then that.We took the locallites pic here: http://www.localites.tv/photos/LAS_P_VAN_001%20%20(150).jpgAfter kicking back a couple of more drinks. These two tatted up chicks were mad dogging us for no reason. Marcus was standing up talking to us, and these girls were next to him. Then she walks up and asks him to back off a little cause he was bumping up to her when he was like 2 feet away. I can tell shes a attention whore, so I made a snark comment about how nice her tats looked. She thanked me and walked away. Perfect! We got more room in our free bottle service area.  So pretty much the entire JC crew had a chance to sit down and drink together.  I also always have my JC crew covered and never leave them behind.Vanity overall is a very sexy club. What makes it more appealing is that its off strip, and not in that cluster F Wynn/Encore area where pretty much everything sexy is now days. I will always make a pitstop at Vanity whenever possible. Especially Godskitchen Thursdays since I love that house music. Much love to Justen Crews for making things happen on a busy holiday weekend.
2	Whomp, whomp!Having been to other Vegas clubs and clubs in LA, this club was boring. Yes, they have a dance floor, tables, an outdoor patio, but why would I ever wait to get in here when I can go to a better club in Vegas. Not worth it!
2	This place is just like any other club, and what I think is that it all depends on what you make of it...overpriced drinks...and the big negative was the way I know that they set up ratio. Shady ass fck! I had good ratio with me and they set it up where guys get left behind, not just with my crew but with all others to promote dudes to get bottle service... I bribed the dbag behind the chord to just let us in right away, cover is 30$ on that weekend, an average weekend, and the decor is ok, nothing that was really amazing, dance floor was actually pretty small, pretty much a little smaller than haze's dance floor. It's average at best...
1	no, said the little piggy. just no.let's do the postmortem, shall we?LOCATIONHard Rock Hotel, which apparently attracts some of the most crass, uncivilized, and otherwise unsavoury individuals in Las Vegas(DIS)ORGANIZATIONClassy, upscale venues have clearly designated individual queues for table reservations, guestlist, etc, in which guests can wait in an orderly fashion to enter. Vanity has a teeming mass of humanity engaged in a free-for-all as each person attempts to push, squeeze or otherwise make their way towards the entrance.TABLESThe tables are packed way too close together, and the attendants make little effort to keep the dance floor from slowly encroaching on what little space exists around each table.  These are not tables at which one can enjoy dancing with one's party with undisturbed abandon, KWIM?DECORThe decor & furnishings are really lovely, which makes little piggies a bit sad, for it's surely wasted on the crowd in attendance hereMUSICQuite good, really. Now, if only a very small piggy could find a place to dance without getting knocked into, bumped, jostled or rudely propositioned . . . there's probably a better chance of a slot machine funding my retirement tho (*(oo)*)
3	3.5 stars.  There are certainly better clubs to party at where you can get more bang for you buck on bottle service but I think its a nice change if you're staying in LV for a while and have already hit up a couple of the bigger clubs on the strip.  Its basically Blush on steroids.
1	If you like to party with old douchbags who are having a midlife crisis dressed in their finest Ed Hardy gear, then this place is for you. I guess there's a reason why this place isn't located on the strip! It's located inside of Hard Rock which looks really janky to begin with. This place is ran by people who probably dropped out of high school because they can't read even if their lives depended on it and obviously wasn't good enough to manage any of the classy clubs on the strip. We were on the guess list but were told we weren't. Insisted if we did table service and pay $100/head, we'll get in ASAP. Asked to see the list and look there's our name. So we pointed that out to the guy and he had us wait in line with the rest of Ed Hardy posse. Just stop with the PINK TIES and don't waste your time here at Ed Hardy central.
2	$30 bucks to get in w/ a discount for guys....Here are the positives:The bathrooms were clean and the bouncers weren't bad...The negatives: 30 bucks to get in...No order at the front of the club......Expensive drinks....No place to sit down.....Garbage music.......I wonder if this place makes a profit...... So much overhead...... Wasn't completely full on a Saturday night.......We won't go back... the music was better at studio 54....
3	We were at the upstairs entrance. We asked bouncer where to get in.  He said "Here if you want to slip me a bribe" (or something like that...I was a bit wobbly at this point so my memory is kind of fuzzy)Well I'm not one to pay for anything club related in Vegas, so I walked down stairs to the main entrance.  I asked the bouncer, "Where am I supposed to be?"  The bouncer looked at me as said "Here."  No cover, no waiting, we just flounced in like rock stars. Decor was quite striking. Decent beats, didn't really notice the crowd too much.  It was young and exuberant.  Just danced away until it was time to leave.
5	Love this club on Sundays. Had a table and bottle service in the corner. Perfect location, right next to the outdoor area and right next to the dance floor. The music is great. Lot's of top 40, old school hip hop and r&b. It was a nice break from all the fist pumping music.
4	This is a really nice place. Kidding? Its fabulous! I wished I could have the bathroom decor lolBUT: that big *bouncer* dude Mike or whatever is a douchturd... well, if I would look like that, hugely overweight with a goatee and balding head, I would be unhappy too. He gave my fab friend total lip.He was lucky, I didnt start giving him lip back, cause we were both majorly PMSi for sure... stupid tourists before peed us off majorly in the parking lot of the MGM. Some old fart with an old grey whoknowswhat car. Anywas, then I nearly was about to knock out some halfpint english bloke at the stairs on the MGM. Dont ask. So this Mike fella gave me the rest. So Doormen: Just because you work at night and you think you are all THAT, here is the Neahwsflash: you work at a nightclub... yeah the chicks gonna hit on you and will hump you, but only because they think you can help them out by getting them in for free. Its not gonna last ... and you may wanna wear protection for sure :)As for the other part, I was dressed like a trailer stripper, white tank and tight jeans capri and of course 5 1/2 inch heels but we got in very fast with no wait. Helps to be hot and have a hot friend :) the doormen are REALLY cute! I was in guy heaven. BUT, please vanity, let more guys in that actually eat! I felt like cooking a whole pizza and stuffing it down of some, i guess europeans, guys throat. There should be a scale out front that measures height, weight, muscle and hotnessfactor of guys.there were a couple I would have jumped, but not as many as I hoped. The ladies were so so. Some really attractive elegant ones, others tried too hard to walk in high heels.Girlfriend, if you cant walk in them proper and elegantly, dont wear them. Its ok if you wear flatter shoes, at least you can walk and dont look like a storch storching through marshlands :)
3	This place is exactly like you'd expect. Decor is stunning (and the girls bathroom is a trip!), entry is like one big cattle herd, with lots of angry biddies (getting called a 'fatty' was one of the more PG highlights) and impatient men. Rolling with a group of scantily dressed ladies is pretty much a requirement (thanks, Brandon for ensuring our quick and painless entry!) and once you're inside it's the typical club-schtick with the bottle service tables/space far outweighing the space for the commoners/peasants.Predictable, solid DJ, sky-high-priced drinks -- this place is just a well decorated flavor of the week.
4	It's wonderful to be a female in Vegas!  No line, no cover, and free drinks.  What more could I ask for?  At first glance, I didn't think much of the place.  The music was good, cute guys, hot waitresses, but I didn't understand why this place was called Vanity. I looked around and from the inside it was like a regular club with booths and go go dancers around. Then I went to the bathroom.  The bathroom was filled with mirrors and red couches.  I thought to myself, the music and people should really be in the women's bathroom!I had a great time here.  Met up with a bachelor party that let us sit in their booth and gave us free drinks.  They were nice timid guys that didn't try to do anything sleazy.  We danced the night away until his fiance came stampeding the booth, in which case, we left immediately due to the fear of being crushed!  We didn't want to leave since we were having such a great time, but we didn't want drama, especially since we were totally harmless.  We just wanted to dance!!
1	Ghetto.Sticky floors.Guys were creeps.Next!
4	Came here on my birthday.Again we didn't wait in line or pay and we didn't bring guys along.Don't ever bring them along if you want to really get in unless they are paying for a table/bottle service LOL.Came here on a sunday i think after the rehab pool and so by the time we got ready it was like 11:30 and a big line.Luckily we spoke to the manager(helps if your nice to people) while leaving the rehab pool and even though we weren't guests at The Hard Rock he let us know that he can get us in without waiting so we did.Clubs was way crowded and hot but I really have no complaints.They played mostly(98%) hip hop so if you're more into techo or whatever this club isn't for you. best nightclub in vegas in my opinion!
4	Overall, I'd give this club 3.5-4 stars, and I'm not going to take into account that this club is actually off the strip.  It's actually only about a 10 dollar taxi to the Bellagio area, so it's not that bad.Getting in was way different.  I went on a Saturday, but there was no formal line, but like everyone says, it's just a mob that collectively moves forward together.  I'm pretty sure you can just walk in or you can try getting a promoter's number, but none of them seemed to really work for us except maybe to get our girls in for free.  Reduced cover for guys is $30 and regular is $40.Walking in was pretty awesome.  Everything is very nicely decorated.  You could stand there and get lost looking at the ceiling and all the decor because it's all really sparkly and really pretty hahaha.  But generally it's pretty nice and pretty spacious.  The dance floor is kinda split but the size is pretty decent.  The DJ is pretty good; he transitions really well and has pretty good song choice.  It started with hip hop and top 40 mixed in with a little bit of house, but towards the later part it turned into a lot of Rap, which is when we started leaving.   The crowd was definitely different.  Don't expect this to be your typical Vegas club where you dress up and such.  I saw a grip of people getting in with jeans and a regular shirt with dress shoes.  It was pretty weird.  And do realize that it's Hard Rock, so it's full of a bunch of white rockers.  Drinks were pretty fair.  They made them right and shots and cocktails run at about $15.  The bartenders are really nice and treat you pretty well.  Water is $9 bucks though and they don't hand out glasses of water :/So overall, 3.5-4 starsGood music, really nice club and really spacious.  Just not my kind of club because I'm a small Asian guy, so dancing around a bunch big boned (or just fat) white girls isn't really my thing.  If you go with a big group though, you'll probably have a good time like we did.
4	I am fan for Vanity at Hard Rock Cafe on Sunday Nights!We wanted to check out some new places on our last night here like Haze but it was closed on Sundays.  I actually enjoyed Vanity! We bypassed the line and entered the club going up the escalators.The venue itself was a bit too dark.  It had a dim effect but a little too dim that you can barely see people, unless you are right on the dance floor.  This club is on the smaller side but it does its job!  I enjoyed the hip hop/top hits music that was played all night long.  Had lots of fun dancing with few of the locals there. *wink*  I couldn't stop dancing!  Definitely not your normal glamorous crowds like at XS but like I said, you can always have fun anywhere you go!  I wanted to have fun and be comfortable last night since my feet were KILLING ME from the night before at XS.I loved the bathroom!  Everything was available for your needs. plushy chairs to wait around.  Lots of lighting.  Every girl was able to re-energize and beautify herself in front of the many stations available!It's always good to check out the new places and see what Vegas has to offer next!
4	Its good being a girl and knowing people in VEGAS!my cuz was a resident DJ he hooked up this place for me.It was my friend's bday and I met them up here.  It was a small party, due to the fact I just arrived in VEGAS sat night @ 1045pm! We got a guest pass walked straight in no cover.Stiff drinks, free entry what more can u ask for?! We went outside to the paito it over looks where REHAB is.  I met Steven Jackson @ this club.We only stayed for an hour.
4	I really enjoyed this place! We got in early on a Thursday (first stop of the night since arriving) and tried to pay for drinks when the bartender informed us that all well drinks were free for the first hour! That was pretty fortunate for us, but not fortunate for the one guy in our group who ordered a non-well drink (and paid tons for it). The vibe was very chill, there were places to sit, and the music was great. Don't ignore this gem just because it's off the Strip! Pay for the cheap cab ride, get there early, and take advantage of their well drink special. You'd be stupid not to!
5	Hands down the way a clubbing experience should be!!! Thursday nights are hosted by Godskitchen and for those that don't know, for decades have hosted worldwide parties evolved around electronic dance music. Music is bumping and energetic and the crowd is fun without all the douchey-ness that many other clubs possess. Dress code is enforced, but not without variance. I've seen people come in dressed in costumed or on the more upper-casual end and make it in. Dressing to impress is not mandatory. But anybody who has experience with this sort of thing can tell you that if you respect yourself in dress, you'll get it back in spades. So don't try to bring the caliber of this place down by looking like a slob. It won't get you kicked out, but surely won't help you either.The drinks can be expensive as can be the cover, depending on who they have coming in as the headliner. Your best bet is to find a host and come in groups. This is a good way to dodge the cover and get head-of-line privileges. While women usually get preference, the level of segregation in treatment is rather equal in this place. Bottle service can be pricey, but should be experienced at least once.The resident dj is adept and knows how to keep a flow going. There's nothing worse than some joker on the decks who doesn't know how to work the party and program a decent set. The resident here knows his stuff by keeping the energy level at the place it should be for the moment. No cranking out every top hit he has in his arsenal for the approval of his peers or the crowd. No pretentious over playing of "underground" tracks that nobody knows. A nice balance of both to keep the party moving.As the first line states, this is how the clubbing experience is meant to be. Good times and  good vibes are abound in this place.A "rare" Five Stars for bringing a true European clubbing experience to the US.
4	After playing 4 - $100 hands in Bacarat (in a drunken stupor while waiting for the rest of our party to arrive) we then moved the debauchery into the club. I like this place. It's nice to look at and spacious. First time I've ever stayed until a club closed in Vegas. After leaving we lagged it and went to eat sundubu, got back to the room at 6AM. Sigh, oh Vegas.DJ played:Young Jeezy - Lose My MindWaka Flocka Flame - Oh Let's Do ItI was a very happy girl.
3	Really nothing special. Music was fine, crowd was a little weak, and the usual expensive drinks. The highlight was athletes announced to crowd attending this night at Vanity.The first was Darrele Revis of the NY Jets. First, only football fans would know the name. Second, even though if they knew the name, he wears a helmet, so who would really know what he really looks like.The second was Paul Pierce. Him being announced to the crowd started a "LA LA LA" chant. When they announced Pierce, there was only a few women trying to horde him to themselves, but once the DJ made the announcement there were hos descending from everywhere. I wish I was a NBA star.I would not go back unless I got in for free again.
4	Went to Vanity on a Thursday night. We were the first to get in the club, no line, no cover thanks to a great hookup (Thanks Gary!!) They had an open bar for an hour or so and we took full advantage. Bartenders were good, take care of them and they'll take care of you. Loved the go-go dancer's outfits, they had on these tanks with corsets and hotpants (I think?) anyways they were super-hot, don't really remember much of their dancing skills, ha.Somehow I ended up in the men's room (completely sober btw) thinking that the restrooms were combined. Don't know how this happened, must have been a "blonde moment". Got a few looks and smiles as I exited the stall. Doh! When I finally made it to the ladies room, it was much more impressive than the men's.We stayed for a few hours, got nice and toasty and headed out for some chow. Will be back to Vanity :)
4	Went into this club with my husband and another couple...we got in free, which is a plus! Music was great, hip hop and house. Place was really nice and trendy! They were filming Real World in the corner but it didn't distract the fun vibe. I would go back but not pay more then $20.
2	Truly disappointed to see a "new" club like this open at a legit hotel. I just wonder how a place like this can compete with clubs in the echelon of XS, Pure, Tryst, Bank, etc. Vanity lacks sophistication, style and "wow" factor and should not be a place someone looking for a great party should plan to go.You might as well save your airfare and head out to a local club if you some here. The place is not horrible but just not up to Vegas Par. Layout and designs are way too simple and way too many laser lights. Stay on the strip.
1	People weren't really dancing unless they were on the dance floor..which was not that big. Even people at tables weren't dancing...LAME.It was very crowded. This dumb b**** kept jumping up and down behind me and our backs kept rubbing. Crowd mainly consists of white people and isn't as mixed as other clubs. Music was good, no complaints there. Gogo dancers were just ok, would've expected something different considering it's Vegas.Drinks are more expensive than any other club in Vegas that I've been to. Cover for guys was $40 on a Sunday night.
4	Experienced Vanity for the first time this weekend and I must say, yup I am a fan. My girl hooked us up and got my group in free and gave us wristbands for free drinks all night long. The place was hot on Saturday night and quickly got packed. The music was really good and people seemed to be having a swell time. They were filming for some reality show when I was there so look out for me, I maybe famous lol Best part about the whole experience was chilling in the V.I.P. section and meeting Lil' Wayne!!! Too loud to really talk to him but he did manage to high five me and I must say that was altogether the high light of my night. lol Drake had a show next door and they all came over after to party. The spot was hot and the crowds vibe was awesome. The bartenders could have been a bit more friendly but then again they have like 100's of people yelling ish at them all night so I can't be too hard on them. Altogether a very legit night.
3	$9 for a bud light!!! Good time though, with good music, beautiful women, and great bartenders.
4	OMG...my girlfriends and I went to this club on Labor Day weekend for my friends 21st B-day. The DJ that night was amazing! We had too much fun, danced on the stage, and closed this club down it was that poppin! And yes restrooms=beautiful !
3	Overall, very spacious, a good crowd, great music, nice bartenders.... best thing the girls bathroom. Yes I said it, its spacious and unlike most I have seen. Great cushions to sit on!... Nice place to get away with all the loudness and rest your feet a bit, it has this antique, modern french, moulin rouge feel.The club itself a different feel. It has a nice patio outside, nothing too big, probably a bit smaller than some that I have seen. Met some interesting people there thats for sure. Long story short, met a guy who met a girl in Vegas are now bf and gf, basically asks if I'm attracted to him and I say no....  :) vegas... ::sigh::Anywho, go to the front of the line, be nice and patient and no trouble getting in. Went with my friend and two guys and just made our way to the front since there is no line, just a blob of people, my friend asks how long the wait is and bam! we're in. $20 cover but hey, we waited 5 minutes. Not too much to say about this place, its fun, laid back and a if youre looking to have a good time, this is your place.
3	I am too old for hyped up places like this and reminded me of my youthful days in South Beach. But, we had fun. It was flashy. There were bouncers everywhere. There was bottle service. And scantily clad waitresses selling overpriced shots out of test tubes.  It was loud. Too loud for any conversation of substance. The music was good (pop/hip-hop) and I enjoyed dancing, though I wanted to hear each song for longer. Drinks were a RIP! $14 for a stoli and soda in a flimsy plastic cup.
1	Meh...clubbing is not my thing. Nice staff.Beautiful decor. Garbage music. Cover: Free but I believe it was $20.00 for girls and $40.00 guys.  (not worth it in my opinion...)
5	I went here on a Sunday night, so it may be a different vibe on other nights.  It was pretty packed for it being a Sunday so I'd suggest lining up before 10 (I believe it opens at 10:15).  One of my friends knew the promoter or something and hooked it up via phone (she was still in the OC)!  Even though I was rolling with dudes, we went through the table line and walked right in. I don't know how else to say this, but the peeps up in here were fine as hell. I imagine this is what it would've been like if I went to Arizona State University. The dance floor is medium-sized..  I would comment on drink prices and music but this was a few months ago, and let's be honest, who cares, it's vegas.
4	Though this club is a bit off the beaten path, I still really enjoyed my time here.My friends and I got here right when it opened and the bouncers were really friendly. Girls also got free champagne and rum before midnight! NICE! :)The club took a while to fill up so we sat around for a bit then explored. The place itself is a little old, but still nice. The bathrooms were so pretty! The dancefloor ceiling had a really cool sheet of lights that lit up in different colors, which added a nice touch to the music.Once we started dancing, I didn't actually notice that people filled in slowly and pretty soon, the place was packed. We stayed there until 1am, which was a good 3 hours, so I would say Vanity was a successful clubbing event.However, the only thing that dampened my spirits a little was the DJ. The music choices weren't bad overall, but the DJ would only play like a few verses of one song, then start transitioning into another. I felt like I would start feeling the current song, but then it was gone and another song was already playing. But overall, I enjoyed Vanity!
5	I came here with a group of my friends and it was one of the best clubs I have ever been to. We were able to get in the VIP list and so both guys and girls were able to get in for free and also girls were able to get unlimited free champagne and rum for the first hour, which was awesome. The music was a lot of the top 40 with a good beat. The dance floors were very big and unlike other clubs I've been too it wasn't too crowded to dance. Definitely worth it to go if you're looking for a fun night out with friends.
5	I love this club because there is so much space! You do not have to be on the dance floor to dance because of how much space there is. There's a ton of tables for bottle service and the place itself is very trendy.  And ladies there are plenty of bathroom stalls! I went to the bathroom like 4 times and did not have to wait in line. As for music the usual top 40, electro  Vegas style etc I was pretty drunk but I  had fun and would love to come back.
4	got in with no cover thanks to our host. music was great. hosts inside the club were great. met alot of cool people there too. Jason Derulo was performing so it was like a club/concert. i had alot of fun there. will definitely go back.
3	this place is a freakin trip! cuz there's a bunch of older and/or white folks (at least when i went in august) but they played some of the most ghetto hip hop i've heard outside of central LA in a looonggg time! oh, i'm not complaining! i love that shit! i had sooo much fun dancing!!! one of the best weekends i had dancing in vegas. cuz u know there are really no places in vegas that play hip hop. so i liked the music, but i had to drink a shit ton to get over the weirdness of the crowd. bouncers were hella nice tho. they helped me get into the bathroom even tho it was closed at the end of the nite cuz i was about to yakkk all over everything (that's how drunk i was) :P
4	This was my first real nightclub experience.  I had sooo much fun! Locals are free on Sunday & my friends had a bottle service so I gave it a shot.  They played a mix of house music & some top 40 hits, I used to not be a fan of house, but at the club it's actually pretty fun to dance to! The lights on the ceiling were awesome! The atmosphere just made me want to dance.  Open bar on sundays is great, but make sure you don't order one minute past 11:30.  I made that mistake & ended up paying $20 for a drink.  At first I was mad that I paid that much, but ohhh boy was it worth it! It was the strongest drink I've ever had at a club & I'm a clean freak so when I go to a place, clean bathrooms are a must.  Not only are the bathrooms clean, but HUGE! You could probably turn one into a decent sized apartment! I will definitely return!
3	Compared to other clubs in vegas this was aight.
3	This place isn't as good as XS. The crowd is a little older too.one need thing were the Dancers on stage :)
5	So I celebrated a double birthday party here (my girlfriend and I), therefore my review maybe a bit bias... not to mention I was a bit intoxicated.It took awhile for this place to open shop and cashier was a B! After I got in though, it was all good!  Ladies drank for free until midnight (that gave me 1 hour to consume as much as possible).  Lucky for me,  I went with a bunch of girls so everyone kept hooking me up with drinks.  The free drink was either a glass of champagne or Rum with a mixer.  My drink of choice the entire night was Rum & Coke (it was free so why not).  I had 9 rum and cokes in less than an hour.  Drink number 10 was a pineapple/rum mix.  It actually made me a little sick.  I ended my drinking at that (besides it was 3 minutes to midnight).  I felt pretty good after I began dancing. The dancefloor was very small in comparison to other nightclubs in Vegas.  There was plenty of seating for VIP/ table service for those who are interested.  The cool thing was that there was a place to sit for those who did not have table service (that's a super rare find in Vegas nightclubs).  They even had an outdoor lounge, but it was closed.  I'm sure it's awesome during summer nights though.  The overall ambiance of the club was chill.  It was pretty crowded, but I didn't have to wait in a long line to use the bathroom (and I frequented the bathroom throughout the night).  The music was diverse with everything from hip hop to electronica (mostly on the hip hop side though).  FEZ from that 70s show made a guest appearance and performed a song in Spanglish.  I didn't have any stupid encounters with anyone throughout the night.  The crowd seemed to be friendly.  Age in the crowd was mostly mid-twenties to late thirties (better that way...drama free).  Pros:Good Vibe.  Free Drinks for the Ladies (and for the fellas that are with those ladies haha), Good Music, Nice decor, Friendly crowd, seating for non-vip, no wait in bathroom.Cons:Price (without a plug is ridiculous- $40/guys), small dance floor, rude cashier,  long lines.
1	not a fan. they held the vip guestlist line until 11pm and when we got inside there was NO ONE in the club. there was open bar and drinks were strong. kind of shady crowd....we think one of the girls we were with was roofied. we won't be coming back.the only good thing about this place was the ladies' room. it was very nice.
5	i came here in dec soo this review is a bit overdue. however, after my first time there i have officially declared this one of my favorites! the music was a good variety & the crowd was...diverse? It was a mix of different ages, & different cultures. The only downside was that i think they only open on sundays. Open bar for ladies of course. the decor is nice & the gogo dancer & the waitressess are soo hot!
4	def one of the better clubs in Vegas. Music is mostly top 40s/rb/hip hop which i prefer. The last time i was there, there was a drummer who played along the beats of whatever the DJ was spinning ( 2 stars just for that)
1	Will not go here again! If you are looking for somewhere hip and classy on your Vegas trip then do not go here. This place is pretty much a dark room with a dance floor and overpriced drinks.
4	Came here numerous times, when it first opened last year, spring break, and birthday weekend. Always on the dot when it comes to the music! Hip hop and house. It's a good size club, could be a little bigger, but nice atmosphere. I think this place is underrated due to the fact it is off the strip (Hard Rock hotel). I think best nights to come are Sundays, since Fridays and Saturdays are usually for XS, Surrender, and Marquee...
2	I have been to clubs, but I am not club person.  However, if I think the quality of the music, people, and overall vibe is bad for a club, imagine what someone who really likes the scene thinks?The music was as white/mainstream/boring as you could find.  Cypress Hill?  Is this 1994?And, sure I know it is likely the same everywhere, but 26 dollars for 2 vodka sodas?  (That said, the bartenders were nice and responsive...it really wasn't that crowded, even on a Friday night)Yes, I have more questions than answers...because this place had me questioning what the point of a club is...and I don't know the answer.  Let me take you to Aerole for dinner and you can dance all you want.
1	You know, I really wanted to give this place a higher rating. The people going to the club were in their late 20s, early 30s. Decent crowd. Good music. Smallish compared to the other clubs but not super crowded. Overall, if that was just it, I'd given this place a 3 star.However, the service here is atrocious. I had paid for 2 bottles and was seated. We were given no service after the waitress initially put down the mixers and alcohol. Our 7 cups were never replaced. The worse part of the experience? I was kicked out for allegedly grabbing a cocktail's waitress with no proof it was me and nobody wanted to listen to me as they kicked me out. The other terrible thing? Although I was the only one outside the club (trying to explain the situation to the security), the waitress came by and cleaned up our untouched bottles of alcohol while my other friends were out dancing. Once the waitress was unable to ID me as the person that touched her and I was back in, I found a cleaned out table and confused friends. Management said they could do nothing for our party and we just left.TERRIBLE TERRIBLE BOTTLE SERVICE. Even if you take out the part where they mistakenly took me outside, cleaning up a table that still have bottles of alcohol on the table is inexcusable. I will not be coming back to this place and will dispute this on my credit card.
3	Atmosphere: A lot prettier than I expected, reading the previous reviews. Ladies' bathroom is super pretty - I would've been happy just dancing in there. Crowd was a bit older than other clubs like XS.Service: Got there right when it opened, so it was a little quiet. We were on the guest list though, so the whole party I was with didn't pay, and the girls got wristbands for free drinks for an hour (champagne and or/rum). The bartenders were kind of meh since we weren't ever buying drinks, but they were happy when we tipped them the first time they served us.Music: Meh. Transitions were weird and I found myself stopping because I couldn't just go along with the beat (and not just because I can't dance, yo).It was nice, and I wouldn't mind going again. Hopefully they will have a better DJ the next time though.
3	The club was ok. Music was not bad but there were 10 guys to every female. . . !!! Maybe cool place for couples. . . !!!
1	Yeah, methinks not. Vanity isn't even big and it's not even that nice. We came with a party of about 20 on a Sunday and the guys had to pay $40/each for cover charge. The drinks at the bar were more expensive than any other club in Vegas that I have been to--$20/shot. The music was sub par and the crowd was predominantly Caucasians. It was actually pretty dead, so I left after about an hour. I can careless about the decor and it's location. Customer service will make it or break it for me and the customer service here was terrible. The staff was bias and judgmental. They didn't give anyone else a hard time, except for us. Whatever, I won't be coming here again.
2	MUSIC SUCKS! Some gangster rap that you can't even dance too.  The mixes suck.  They need to get a better DJ for sure. Just when you think they're gonna play a good song they cut it off right in the middle. GRRR.  Then they play top 40 for like an hour and the music just fades like the radio!  They also have 80s hour, which gets old after like 2 songs. UGH.  Just never go to the same club 2x in the a row.  I should just establish that rule for myself right now.I would give it one star, but the I gave a star to the bathroom alone! OMG its gorgeous! Vanity forreal, perfectly fitting.  Everyone should see the bathroom! hahaThe layout of the club is kind of small then the ones of I've been to.  Two bars and almost impossible to get a drink.  Its more of a rectangular shaped room.  Watch real world las vegas to get the complete feel.
3	Went here last year for a friend's birthday. It was our first night in Vegas so we decided to check out this place. We were able to get bottle service for Vanity, and it wasn't that bad of a price as well. it was definitely worth it! The music was good and the dance floor is a pretty good size, thank god it wasn't hella crowded the night we went.
1	I liked Babys, I liked Body English; Vanity I did not. The Hard Rock just missed the mark with this club. Music was not good and had no continuity. The set up was a bit maze like, and on this Saturday night it was not even close to being packed.The one star it did get was for the table set up. Every seat is a good seat.  Could have just been an off weekend, but from this experience, I wouldn't suggest it to anyone.
2	The only thing I really remember about this night club is how beautiful the ladies' bathroom was. That's actually pretty sad considering I was on the dance floor longer than I was in the bathroom.I didn't like how far it was from the strip, but Hard Rock is generally where the celebrities stay so you're more like to see one here than at other hotels/casinos. This club generally has celebrities partying there on Saturdays. I know Paris Hilton tends to frequent this club, but can you really call her a celebrity? heheThe music was okay, but I've heard better DJ mixes. What I liked about the place was that everything was on one level (from what I remember) and when there were celebrities, we were able to see them up close.
2	Came here exactly a year ago for my annual trip with my buddies. We liked Baby's and Body English, but this place was lame. We got bottle services and were crammed into an after thought of a booth. The outdoor area was a joke being slightly larger than a townhome back patio. As a frequent guest of the Hard Rock I was quite disappointed in this place. I'll be staying there again this month, but will walk on by Vanity.
4	This place has the best hip hop in Las Vegas.  If good music and a good vibe are more important than a fancy club and pretentious people then this is your spot!  The only downer is they still charge "strip prices" for drinks...but that's to be expected...my favorite club in Vegas!
2	My advice if you're getting Bottle Service is definitely get yourself on the guest list and get there EARLY!! I was fortunate enough to get a VIP reservation but me and my friends got there around 12pm on a Friday, so all the good VIP tables were taken and they sat us facing away from the dancefloor, where all the action ususally is!! The music and DJ were good, but some annoying drunk girl kept trying dance on the pole runway above us and kept spilling into our VIP area. Towards the end of the night, the waitress upgraded our table and moved us over to a bigger spot closer to the dance floor but, by that point most of the people in the club had left already, so it didn't really make much of a difference. To be honest the only reason we went to Vanity was because we were staying at the Hard Rock, so it was easy to get to and seemed like a good place for a Friday Night, but all in all, there are much better clubs/lounges in Vegas out there.
2	As a venue I did not like Vanity all that much. The only thing that made this place fun were the friends that I was with. Good company can turn even a bad club into a night of fun.A large group of my friends were visiting Vegas for a birthday. This particular night we had 22 people come out. We have a very good ratio: 13 girls and 9 guys. A promoter friend of hours had put us on the list to get in for free. However, when we arrived we had to wait quite a bit to get in. The bouncers had suggested we let the girls in first and that they would then let the guys follow (after 5 mins). This sounded very shady to me, but against our judgement we decided to trust the bouncers. Once the girls got in they tried charging some of the guys. A few were willing to pay, but other refused based on principle. When we threatened to leave and the bouncer saw of of our girls come out to see what was wrong they caved and let everyone else for free.Once we got in the club was absolutely empty. We all ended up having a decent time, but I did not appreciate the bouncers trying to be sneaky and take advantage of us. Especially when the club is empty. I would rather pay to get into Marquee or XS than to return to Vanity.
3	3-star avg for this place is definitely about right. went here with Justin B, Richard P, Alan W, Kristin A, Tommy H, and a bunch of other friends on a friday night in vegas. i wasnt in the loop with how our guestlist deal was supposed to work, but all i do know was that around 1030pm they made our group of 20+ wait at the front of the line for maybe 20-30 min with the bouncers being pretty rude. after a bunch of miscommunication and wheeling and dealing, we ALL got in for free and the only redeeming factor for me about this place is free champagne or rum for ladies until midnight. 5 glasses of champagne in an hour = FUN! hahathe place itself is nothing special but i am glad to see it for myself after watching the Real World Las Vegas cast party there practically every episode haha. it was practically empty when we got in around 11pm but it slowly picked up as the night progressed. i ended up having a pretty good time b/c all of my friends were together in one place and i cant really complain too much when i only spent a few bucks the entire night just for tips on my free drinks haha
3	So this was my 2nd time going to Vanity, and this time it sucked!! Well, for one thing I wasn't drinking, so that was already making this night a tall order. We went in around 11:45- yea went in, cuz there was no line. That should have been the 1st warning. When we got in it was EMPTY!! There were a crap load of guys to very few girls- the ratio was WAY off. on a Friday night?! It boggled my mind. We peaced out like 10 minutes later to go back upstairs so the other could drink more. @ $9/ beer or water, it was on par was a strip hotel- but this was NOT a strip experience! I think we had more fun with the shenanigans going on upstairs in the hotel rooms than at the club. Nevertheless, we went back down to Vanity, hung out for another hour, and then we left.
4	I was a little hesitant in coming here, since it's really far off the strip and I'd never heard of this place.  From the outside and walking around in the casino, the crowd is definitely grungier, and older... it didn't seem very fun.  However, we had bottle service at Vanity and it turned out to be really fun.  Our table was in the central area, right next to the dancefloor, and right behind our seats was this platform dancing area with poles to dance on, which they only let girls up on.  The dancefloor was extremely fun, and the music was great.  The best part of this club was the decor in the girl's bathroom... SO pretty.
2	i am dissapoint :(had to pey many money and vait long taym at door. bathroom very nais but i not go very offen so not enjoy it so much.vomans not very frendly, think they head so big.
4	this place was so fun! women, this place has the prettiest bathroom i have ever seen.
3	(+)- The DJ was on point.  Played a good mix of hip hop, house, and old school music.- Room to walk; wasn't overcrowded like other clubs.- Great decor- No cover for being on guest list (but see below).- Sexy go go dancers, at least the ones I saw.(-) - $18 each for a Monster Vodka.  I don't even pay that much at more upscale clubs here in L.A., or any other club in Vegas.  At least our girls got free champagne to balance out the expensive drinks.- One of the dudes at the front was a douche.  Typical.  We waited on one side of the square "line" for maybe 30 min or so, and when we got to the front he told us that we needed to order bottle service or go to the back of a different "line."  We refused and didn't move.  Then a very nice lady came to us, asked us if we were on the guest list (which we were), and let us right in.  So take that, stupid ass douche!Advice:  Get on someone's guest list.  Don't let the douche bouncers get to you.  Roll with girls.  Look for a nice lady worker to assist you instead of the douche guys.
5	We went to Vanity on Saturday July 2nd and had an amazing experience. First of all the club is absolutely gorgeous. The lights on the dance floor are unreal. I've been to plenty of First-Class clubs in NYC, Cancun, Miami, but there's nothing like that ceiling of lights going crazy while you dance the night away. The layout is nice too, with a large central dance floor, 2 big bars, and plenty of open space so it never felt too crowded, but was just full enough so the dancing was a blast. Some clubs suffer from poor flow paths and you end up with bottlenecks when you try to get to the bar or the bathrooms, but I never noticed that here. (The bathrooms were nice and clean too) The DJ was on point and played an awesome mix that didn't blend out songs too fast and ran through every hit song you know you wanted to hear. We did a 3 bottle table for my friends bachelor party and the staff was amazingly accommodating and really took care of us. Our server Lauren did an awesome job of making sure our mixers were always full and all the empty glasses were replaced with new clean ones promptly. She poured our drinks, and shots, and made sure we had any extra orders from the bar right away. And, I never thought I'd say this, but even the BOUNCERS were nice. I talked to several and they weren't the usual lot looking for any reason to throw you out. They really seemed to want us to have a good time and were there to genuinely keep everyone safe instead of just being rude like some clubs. My props go out to Vanity and the entire team that made our night such a roaring success! We look forward to seeing you next time.
4	Prety cool club, great for drinks and dancing. Cool sound system and lighting. Great overall place to go hang out.
2	Vanity Is fun, the drinks are always strong, plenty of eye candy to go around and the DJ knows what he's doing. They have poles on one side of the club and a platform for sexy dancing In the middle of the dance floor.
3	Typical current trend in decor works well here. DJ was very good but the drinks were weak and $15 for a Grey Goose and club soda there's no excuse. I finally got a strong drink only by asking for a double Jagermeister straight up. BTW, a glass of water is $9.
5	So since we were staying at the HR we decided to get bottle service @ Vanity to celebrate our friend getting married. When we showed up they all got right to work getting our table together with drinks & mixers. The server we had was great she never let our drinks get empty. We had to have security come over a couple of times since there were a few douche bags getting in our area but they took care of them real quick.It was nice that we had such a great spot next to the dance floor.We drank..we danced..we drank some more.It was a perfect night out & all we had to do when we were done at 4am was waddle up to our room & pass out.Thanks for the good times Vanity!!
2	Wow, what a joke! I requested that a group of girls be put on the guest list because we happened to be staying at the HRH. We showed up 10 mins past the cutoff time, were briefly hassled about being late, but were let in for free shortly after. The club was LAME. Pretty dead, pretty ghetto crowd, not why you come to Vegas! Period.We bought shots for the six of us - $93!?! We left shortly after that and headed to Marquee...Avoid if you're interested in hot guys, good music and an overall fun time.
5	I love Vanity, especially on Sundays!The music, the people, the cocktails, the dancing, the scene, the ambiance are all HOT!After partying at Rehab all day Sunday, the party rolls over to Vanity. The Hard Rock venue has a quaint, but intimate feel at the same time. The outdoor patio over looks the pool and there are several cabanas located outsides.The bathroom in this place (the ladies room) looks like Heaven. So white and clean. There's a mini party going on in there.It's a club so it's expensive and I love seeing non-locals get sticker shock when they find out that their appletini (which they will inevitably spill all over some drunk person) is $15.I love to drink it up and dance the night away here!
5	LOVED IT HERE!!! We had a table and the security took care of us all night! Ugh so nice! We even came in late and they were so nice, escorting us and all for how busy it was. So it was fun times, expecially since they played my favorite songs. They had hip-hop mixed with house and trance, amazing DJ!!!
2	The first time we came here was terrible. We had VIP passes, a 1:1 ratio and were at the front of the line right in front of a bouncer. He kept pulling groups from our left and right, some without passes, and one group of 8 GUYS that didn't buy a bottle and didn't even glance at us. Basically the bouncer was a really racist and male chauvinistic punk that yelled (like woman-know-your-place kind of yelling, not its-a-loud-club-and-I'm-a-bouncer yelling) at my and my girl when we got upset he let only us two in and not the rest of our group. I know thats just how some people are, but that can't be the way the club wants itself portrayed right? To piss off and talk down to everyone that isn't tall and blonde in Vegas?I was extremely turned off by this place and had no desire to go back, but my boyfriend really wanted to give them another try since we DID have fun at the old club Body English. We eventually came back and got there EARLY to avoid bouncer-doucheness. Again our group was 1:1. 10 people back from the front of general admission we paid our cover and got in. The music was fine, the inside was a little small, I expected more. Also we figured out why they call the club Vanity because all the go-go dancers did was look at themselves dance and pucker their lips in the mirrors.The ladies bathroom is really nice. You could argue that us girls had more fun hanging out on the couches in there than the we did on the dance floor. I had a fun time the second time, (but then again we were with fun people). So I'll give this place 2 stars instead of 1 which is what it was after the first visit.
3	A nice, relaxed, and sleek little club.  Plenty of tables for bottle service and a decent sized dance floor for getting your game on.  If you're not in the market for bottle service, then there are two fully loaded bars at opposite ends of the club.There are plenty of platforms for female revelers to attempt their best impersonation of a fully-clothed exotic dancer.  Just don't try to dance on the same stage as the paid go-gos though.Drink prices...well we all know about that.  The Hard Rock caters to an edgy, yet mature crowd.  Expect this type of clientele at Vanity.The thing I like about Vegas clubs is that they cater to a specific genre of customer.  I like the vibe at Vanity.  I'll always love Tao, but it doesn't hurt to venture to other spots every now and then.Big thanks to Brian Sweet, VIP manager, my party had a great time.So much so, I may celebrate my next birthday here.It's just more relaxed...
2	The first time we came here was terrible. We had VIP passes, a 1:1 ratio and were at the front of the line right in front of a bouncer. He kept pulling groups from our left and right, some without passes, and one group of 8 GUYS that didn't buy a bottle and didn't even glance at us. Basically the bouncer was a really racist and male chauvinistic punk that yelled (like woman-know-your-place kind of yelling, not its-a-loud-club-and-I'm-a-bouncer yelling) at my and my girl when we got upset he let only us two in and not the rest of our group. I know thats just how some people are, but that can't be the way the club wants itself portrayed right? To piss off and talk down to everyone that isn't tall and blonde in Vegas?I was extremely turned off by this place and had no desire to go back, but my boyfriend really wanted to give them another try since we DID have fun at the old club Body English. We eventually came back and got there EARLY to avoid bouncer-doucheness. Again our group was 1:1. 10 people back from the front of general admission we paid our cover and got in. The music was fine, the inside was a little small, I expected more. Also we figured out why they call the club Vanity because all the go-go dancers did was look at themselves dance and pucker their lips in the mirrors.The ladies bathroom is really nice. You could argue that us girls had more fun hanging out on the couches in there than the we did on the dance floor. I had a fun time the second time, (but then again we were with fun people). So I'll give this place 2 stars instead of 1 which is what it  was after the first visit.
5	Came here on a Sunday night and it was poppin!  East & West coast music was playing all night.  Made me feel like I was back in the bay!  Definitely had to take off my heals for this club.  Stay clear of the outside area as people are smoking like crazy.  i was about to yack until I went inside for some air & dancing.
4	If you're looking for a good time on a Sunday night, this is it. A good mix of hip hop and dance music. Be ready to have your mind blown away. And ready to beat up the beat.
5	Was there Sunday night with a group of friends for a bachelor party.  The atmosphere was great - exactly what we were looking for.  The music was awesome and the women were outrageous.  If you are looking for a great place to go on a Sunday night, this is it.And, if you want to get a great deal on drinks and a great table talk to Bex.  She did an AWESOME job helping us out!
4	Came here on a Sunday Night During Labor Day Weekend and I had a fabulous time. They were playing all the great Hip Hop Tracks. Wyclef Jean was the special guest and he did a great job and sang all his best hits. Everyone in the club was dancing.  The club is really nice and spacious and if you don't have bottle service, there are 2 areas for people to sit down at which is great if you are girl. The women's restroom was really cute! Also, beware of the cocktails because they are super pricey. A goose and tonic is $20 and a bottle of water is $9. Either way I would definitely come back!
3	I was lured into Vanity because '90s R&B sensation Mya was supposed to be there that night. (Yes, I know, the 90s are over) So imagine my surprise when I get there, and once inside, they say she's not coming! Well, why are all the posters still up and your staff talking it up outside of the club. Anyways, that didn't destoy my view of the club, but might have tainted it a bit. It doesn't hurt to walk in and be offered a free glass of champagne. It wasn't the best I've ever tasted, obviously, but then I moved onto real drinks. As the night went on, the crowd, and the vibe really got better. The music was diverse and danceable and the crowd was mixed.
5	What a fun club for bachelor and bachelorette parties. One of are favorite  in Las Vegas. Good price and music so crazy good.
4	Came here on a Friday night when 51 fifty was performing, I hadn't heard of them before but they turned out to be really good, they're a group of two, one guy DJs and the other guy plays the drums. The regular DJ was okay..he played mostly top 40s...eh, and a few electro songs here and there..but I guess that's not what everyone wants to hear.. Overall it was a fun night ladies got free champagne until midnight and my whole group got in for free thanks to the promoter. The only downside is that it's a long walk from the strip.
1	I went there for the second time and the experience was horrible. The club was supposed to open at 10pm but they didn't start letting people in until 11pm approximately. I got there with my boyfriend early at 9:30, waited until 11:40 and we decided to leave because we couldn't stand the ridiculous wait and how rude the bouncers were. They let people on the guest list getting in first. There were about 5-8 bouncers there but only one girl checking people in. We tried to get their attention but NO ONE acknowledged us! How rude! I think they are doing this so that they can keep a long list of people at the door to make them look exclusive (?). Vanity NEVER AGAIN!
5	All new host team is awesome. Great service and crowd. I love it here! A must see when your going out in vegas
1	Went to Vanity  on Friday night. Worst music set by a DJ at any club in Vegas that i have ever been too. This DJ needs to go on iTunes and download better shit. I've been to many clubs in Vegas and by far this was saddest of them all. We left thank God we got in for free!!!
2	I've been here a number of times and usually it's okay; not much to write home about and not really worth my time to review it and say that it's just okay. Well tonight, it was kind of anything but okay. I got to the club early by accident and the security guard asked if I was a guest. I said I wasn't staying at the hotel, just guestlist. He said, "Okay, you'll need to go to that line over there". So I go to it. He waits a few seconds and comes over to say "Oh, and the club doesn't open for 25 minutes." Couldn't have told me that first? I come back and wait for almost an hour. Not unexpected but still annoying. A girl goes around checking guestlist and handing out tickets. She ignores me and doesn't check to see if I'm actually with the people around me (I wasn't even talking to them). I get to the front and am told I can't go in without a ticket and then promptly ignored. The super nice girls who are now behind me (since he started letting people behind me in) have a ticket for three and there are two of them. The guard says that works and lets me in. We go to get our IDs checked and the guard won't let me past because I don't know their names. He then sees that I'm a local and says "Oh, that's okay then". Couldn't have checked my ID first? I manage to get in without a hitch after that but seriously?! I really only come here for special events and that's the way it's going to stay... If I come here at all.
4	Came here on Friday night of the AVNs and had an absolute blast.Let me preface this by saying my girls and I came with a group of guys who spent a ton of money on the table so I have no idea how much drinks/tables are here, so I'm sorry about that!  The line is kinda ridiculous but my hot friend in her hooker heels got noticed by the bouncer and after that, the money pretty much did the talking and we were in in no time.  The venue is spacious enough, and the dance floor never got disgustingly packed like it always seems to at TAO.  There was always space to dance and the areas around our table never got too packed.  The music was good all night (which is pretty hard to find at most clubs) so we had an absolute blast dancing the night away.  They also let people dance on the stage area behind our table after the gogo dancers were done, which was fun, and they shooed away a lady who was busy flashing her beaver - so good job on policing the crowd, Vanity!  (Seriously, lady, if you're going to be dancing on stage, make sure you have some underwear on!)The ladies room here is also done up very nicely - makes for a nice background for all those obligatory Vegas bathroom shots.  Normally, we get kinda tired of the clubs around 3AM or so, but we had so much fun at Vanity that we stayed til 5AM.  Good stuff.
1	Why didn't I learn my lesson 2 years ago? WHY?!January 2012, I found myself in Vegas again during AVN. I'm affiliated with the industry and had a pass that was supposed to get me in the door to certain venues cover free. Vanity was one of those venues.My party of 3 guys and 3 ladies arrived *kinda* late-ish so we weren't surprised to see that there was a long line. Actually, line is not the correct word. It was more like a mob. Apparently there were 3 lines- table, VIP, and GA. Although my party had passes, they told us to wait in the GA mob, which wouldn't have been a problem except they were hardly letting anyone in. Even the folks who had tables were still waiting in line forever. Every once in awhile, I'd see a party make its way through the mob and past the ropes. You'd think it would be a party of all chicks, hot, young, with barely anything on. It is Vegas, right? You'd be wrong. Each party I saw going in was pretty much all dudes- one time it was a group of 12 guys. That's almost unheard of in Vegas! Every once in awhile you'd see a lady, but she'd be accompanied by a legion of fellas. After a bit of buttering up the right people, we finally made it past the ropes, just to be greeted by another line. By the time we finally made it to the actual club, we had been waiting for nearly an hour and a half. Shame on us for sticking around, but we were at the point where if we went somewhere else, we'd be waiting just as long. Waiting in the second line, it was evident that the venue would be sausage fest. And it was. But to make matters worse, it was pretty dead there too. Not cool.If you find yourself needing some water at the end of the night, do yourself a favor and just go to Mr Lucky's in the casino. Water will run you $9 here.Never again!
3	Glow sticks, really?!  For free entry both Friday and Saturday night, I can't complain.  It's a small joint and we were able to post up around the empty tables, dancing on the platform.  It took all of 3 seconds for security to kick our male friend off the pole as he tried to convince the ladies to hop up there.  His plan worked.
4	Went here this past weekend the first night Pauly d was the Dj. Got in for free and it seemed the bouncers were nice... to us... however we were a group of girls. I cant say how they are to groups of guys. The decor of the place is dark. Very dark, the areas the dance floor and tables are lit.  Prices not too bad. I'm from NYC and I have seen worse however it was free champagne for ladies and if it's free booze u take it! It was about 27 bucks for 3 beers which isnt so bad... We waited what felt like forever for Pauly to come out but that was to be expected. When he finally did he did a decent mix of house and hip hop. Which was great. I dont know if I could listen to fist pumping music all night. The crowd is pretty good not to old not to young. I'd recommend this place even tho it's not one of the bigger clubs.. I think it's under rated actually. Would I blow a Saturday night here ..prob not if I could hit up marquee or tao ...
4	A lot of fun!  Great time!!!
5	Got here on a Friday night we a few of my friends. It was my birthday weekend and I heard about Vanity. We were on a guest list so that was cool. One of the host asked if we wanted a table for 375 with a comp bottle. Now at this time, we were already tipsy(well some of us were drunk lol) we declined and just took the guest list. We were in in less than 5 mins. We got in and WOW this place is pretty big and nice. Love the lights on the ceiling! Like always we jetted to the bar. I was in a Ciroc mood so I asked for the Red Berry with Sprite...only to find out that it was open bar for Belvedere! So F the Ciroc, I'm going for the free ish! It was about 30 mins left for open bar, so of course I drank like no other in that time span. It was around 12:30 and the crowd got packed. They played house all night. Now don't get me wrong, I LOVE house/dance music..but I did wanna get down to some hip hop. No big deal really. I'd def come back again next time I'm in Vegas!
3	For my Bachelorette party I was SUPER excited to try out Vanity for the first time.  The LED lights all over the walls sold me and I was SURE it would be a hot spot.  Wellllllllll, it was just OK.  Luckily we got in for free cause we were a group of girls and I had put us on the guest list.  The club itself is cool, but smaller than I thought it was going to be, and there weren't as many LED lights as I was hoping.  One of the main reason that this place wasn't too great were the crowd.  The crowd was kinda ghetto, like, don't look at another girl the wrong way or she might kick your *ss, kinda ghetto.  I was actually warned about the people from my now husband's brother, but I chanced it anyway.  He was right though.  Not my crowd.  In contrast, we left Vanity to go to XS and for $20 to get it, it was totally worth it and the crowd was so fun and not scary.... :)
5	Came last friday night, a family friend hooked my friends and I up with a table and one comp bottle...and it was AMAZING! the dj was alright but everything was great! the service was outstanding! everyone who worked there were super nice and made you seem like a person for once in vegas! WOW. SO thanks LISA, RYAN, and our server i forgot her name ahhh oh and the bald man who i guess was the bus boy, was great too! he was on top of it! anytime our cranberry or tonic water was half gone hed come by with a new one! so THANKS everyone who helped my friends and I out that night at VANITY! the lighting and decor of this place was pretty awesome too. People who were there weren't ghetto or anything that I noticed that night so that was a plus. It was just a fun time woo. I wish we had stayed longer but we had another free table and bottle at tabu at the mgm which wasn't as enjoyable...MISTAKE.
1	Complete sausagefest. I was with a group of 4 attractive ladies and they kept letting in nothing but white guys. Seriously, WTH. I understand there has to be a certain ratio, but while we were waiting there was nothing but guys going in and a ton of good looking girls outside looking pissed. Complete fail.
3	Vanity is ok.  I have been there about 3 times since my friend knows one of the DJs.  The place is a happy medium of not too packed and not dead, but it is overpriced.  Vanity is not on the strip so you would not think it would cost the same as the clubs on the strip, but it does.  If you are not staying at the hotel or know someone who works there then men have to pay $30 just to get in and women have to pay $20.  The drinks are overpriced as well for about $14 a pop.  The music is usually good and the staff is great, but I would rather go to the pools at The Hard Rock Hotel than Vanity nightclub.
3	I came with 10 - 12 guys for a bachelor party.  When you have this many dudes in your group, don't even bother with guest lists, line waiting, what promoters you know, etc.  Be prepared to pop bottleS (plural), as we did; and coming a little early doesn't hurt either.  We had a lot to do that night, and there's no way we were going to waste our time waiting in line or fanagling our way in.I'm not a big clubber, but I can say the crowd and music is A-OK at Vanity.  Not fantastic, but we definitely had a good time anyway.  There was also a live performance by Slick Rick on the night I was there.TIP: No spare cash for the club?  There's plenty of fish at the poker tables right outside the door, who are essentially willing and ready to fund your night (poker review: http://www.yelp.com/biz/hard-rock-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas#hrid:Um-_u6KfOxMzuZyRI2PlKg).  I've played against some of the drunkest and worst players in Vegas sitting at these tables, and always get paid out.  There's lots of money to be made.  Enjoy!
5	Went to Vanity nightclub on May, 6th. It was a Sunday night and the last night of my Vegas bachelor party weekend. Me and 5 other guys hit up this club on the advice of Red Carpet VIP. We did bottle service walked right pass the line. The club was pretty tight. Music was great...techno/top 40 remixs. The dance floor seemed to be hoppin. I stayed in my private table and danced the night away. My friends really enjoyed themselves and the scenery wasn't bad. Overall a great ending to an awesome Vegas weekend.
3	Like most Vegas clubs it is gorgeous. Much smaller than other clubs I prefer in the area though. I came here on a Sunday night, the DJ was good and the crowd was mostly local. I heard it was a good place to go on Sunday's. It was definitely busy. In general if you were a tourist in Vegas on a Friday or Saturday there are other places that I would recommend you check out first.
5	Forget money, forget waiting in line, forget not having a place to seat, forget not getting a chance to meet Ne-Yo or Jamie Foxx.  Regardless of these things which pretty much the night was a free-roll/V.I.P style, this place rocks.  Pauly D from Jersey Shore djs at this spot and even without him being that night, this place funk'n rocked.  Words could not explain how cool this club was and how packed it was, with a 100+ person line starting from 10:30pm-1:30am when we left the club.  The dancers, shooter girls, bartenders, are amazing hot and friendly, the music is constant rap, blended, nothing repeating, Man, I'm out of breath typing this.  A plus to check out at the HardRock.  To top this review off, I was there on a Sunday night, Sunday!  Not Friday, not Saturday, so I could only imagine what this place would be like on a legit weekend.dp
4	Friday night with the bros and we did VIP and were sat next to a bachelorette party which was cool.  Friendly group and they actually made our night interesting.  One thing I enjoyed about this place compared to the other clubs I attended for this trip was the air conditioning!  It was not steaming hot in this place even though it was packed on the dance floor.  Music was pretty good and a drama free crowd.  Our server and attendant were both awesome and kept our mixers full and ensured the area was cleaned up promptly.
4	Even with a promoter and elbowing and punching people in the stomachs to fight our way to the front of the velvet rope just to get in, it was pretty good. Girls FREE, guys were $30. You take the escalator up, there is a pretty nice lobby with ample seating. You walk in and the club itself is very nice. But after walking around the place, it was pretty small. There are two bars, I suggest going to the bar closest to the restrooms, because its not as crowded and you get quicker service. The dance floor is big enough, go go's everywhere, the music that night was good, the crowd is diverse. There's a designated smoking area but it was closed. But in order to smoke you must go to the bar ask for an ash tray and then you can smoke. Drinks for Vegas are pretty decent, I did pay $9 for water though.My biggest PRO about the club was that even though there were 100s of people waiting to get in and the size of the club, it NEVER got crowded or seemed crowded. They didn't try to pack everyone in. You weren't sausaged on the dance floor next to other sweaty people. And there was space to move around.My CON, when they think you can't walk down by yourself or be walked out of the club with the help of other people, they'll call an ambulance for you. And then the ambulance won't let you sign AMA and they'll take you away to the closest hospital. So check out my review for Sunrise Hospital and Medical Center. LOL.
4	it's a little late for me yelping this but i figure it's never too late to write a review. a couple of my friends and i decided this would be the club we'd be spending new years at. we got tickets for about 120 online which was the cheapest we could find that also included open bar. apparently the ladies room is one of the most outrageous but i didn't have a chance to go and check it out which saddened me but it was amazing haha. the dance floor was fairly large with the dj booth right in the middle and surprisingly had enough elbow room. the special dj that night was robbie rivera who was a really good dj for that night. we all had a blast and we met a lot of interesting people...whom we didn't know but everyone there was super nice. the drinks were good and my friends and i had a blast. best new years experience ever. i totally recommend coming here for new years. it's a good place to come with a large group and if you want bottle service they had really nice areas for you to sit and enjoy the scene with your group. not sure how much it cost however...especially since it was new years...they do have an outdoor patio area but there weren't enough people there to open it up so we never got to see it. it was very clean and classy. the best way to spend new years is in vegas. it was one of the best experiences ever.
4	We went on a Friday night, before midnight. - Easy VIP entry. Free drinks until midnight! For the ladies that is. Vodka with juice. AWESOME!- Somewhat spacious. Dance floor could possibly be a bit bigger. Seating is available for non bottle service peeps!!- COOL glow in the dark neckbands and flashing bar things!! FREE! The dancers throw em and then shower the dance floor with some crazy confetti! GETS CRAZY!- PHOTOBOOTH! nice place to take group pics for $5. - Music played to much high energy techno crap. ehhhh. occasional hip hop. - cough cough...smokers....- crazy white girls dancing on podiums. - overall, really fun! you think ehh, HRH, but definitely go! :)
2	A hot ghetto mess, just ratchetts everywhere. There's no line, just a mob of people and some guy just decides who he wants to let in. Once you are in it just gets worse, cramped venue with poor decor, faux tuffed wallpaper in the bathroom, and there's a lounge in the ladies restroom; who in their right mind wants to sit in a crowded bathroom as people are doing their business. I get what they were going for but they just executed it soooo poorly. Ooooh and the false advertising I am yet to see anyone they have claimed that they are going to be there actually come to this venue. But you hav to really be on the bottom to be seen here. never again
4	Went to Vanity this past Sunday. Had a table. DJ Kid Capri (wasnt listed as a guest) started to DJ from about midnight till like 2am. He killed it. It was a very hot crowd. There was a nice mix too. All races, sizes and ages. J.R. Smith (N.Y. Knicks) had a table near mine. In the middle of his set, Capri (who is known as a hip hop DJ if you didnt know) asked the crowd if they wanted some house music, they yelled "no". So he said "fuck it then, you guys are the DJ" and kept doing his hip-hop / r&b thing. I loved it.Timbaland was supposed to DJ, and I dont know if he ever did. I left around 3:30am and he still had not started.I dont know if Vanity focuses on hip-hop & r&b every Sunday, but they did this night. But with that said, it was a great party.
1	Worst club experience EVER! Got there around midnight and had to wait in a mob of people before being " chosen" to be allowed in. We were hotel guests so we didn't have to pay cover. Thank goodness! The crowd  was totally ghetto. So was the music. I mean... Like no class whatsoever. It's called Hard ROCK after all so I couldn't believe where I was. We made it 1 hr inside and couldn't leave fast enough. Horrible... Don't go unless you like ghetto.
1	VIP Service? Definitely Not.I recently went to vanity nightclub with my startup company and one of our investors to celebrate a large milestone for our company.  I wasn't dressed for the occasion since it was an impromptu decision, so I had to buy different shoes to get in.  They also wouldn't let me carry the bag with my clothes into the club, so I left it with security along with one of my coworker's things and his ID.He left the club early but didn't grab our things.  I stopped by security and they refused to give me the bag even though I could describe the contents in great detail and had a picture of my coworker's ID on my phone.  They assured me that they would hold onto it for at least 30 days, but that my coworker had to be present to pick up our belongings.  Two days later, he went to the club and they could not find our belongings.  They had him wait for 2 hours and then told him to come back later.  He went back again and they did the same thing.  Then I called and talked to a manager.  After hearing my story he told me that he would look into it and call me back.While I was in the club, I was part of a group that dropped several thousand dollars and was treated like a VIP.  Immediately afterwards, I was treated like a nuisance, and I had a very nice pair of Brooks running shoes most likely thrown away by a group of people unwilling to give them to me for fear of liability.On a somewhat unrelated note, the DJ was of decent quality, but the people in the club are much less attractive than other clubs in the area.  In the event that our investors want to spend that kind of money on us again, I'm going to suggest that we find a club that is more selective, not just with patrons but also with service staff.
4	Vanity is located inside the Hard Rock Casino.We had a good time at Vanity, although our review may be biased since we did have a table and gained easy entry through DJ Zhaldee (thanks Z!) I liked the dancefloor layout. The crowd is a good mix of beautiful people of various ethnicities. Staff is friendly. Deejays off-da-hook for sure! On the night we went, a lot of smiles on clubgoers faces. No drama or muggin'. All good vibes! If you're looking for a fun atmosphere with good music and good vibes, I recommend Vanity. If you're looking for the L.A. glitz and glamor environment, you're better off heading to Encore.We had a great time at Vanity! Would go back again for sure.
3	This is a fun club.  There is always a huge line so go early!!!  It has a nice set up and good hip-hop DJ's.  I went to Vanity for their Halloween costume contest party Sinner's Ball last year and had a blast.  The costumes that people came in were out of control, I mean there were life size transformers!!  Lol!  If you want to see pictures I have some on my blog.
2	Had a blast however we were told open bar by Jamel their promoter and turns out it was only one brand vodka and champagne. We are not huge liquor girls and prefer beer so this was a problem especially since one bottle was ridiculously overpriced but that's also expected at every club. And the worst part was the bartenders were sooo rude. Not friendly at all, one male bartender was nice not flirty though and we went to him every time.  This is definitely a one time visit kinda club especially when it's not on the main strip and is just like all the rest
3	Went here on a Friday night. There was quite a huge line but we managed to slide in pretty quick on the side for table service do that was nice.Being local girls it was free to get in as well as free bubby & tequila til midnight.It was around then the club really started popping. Lottsa people on. The dance floor. I was kinda surprised at the quality of the go go girls. A few of them had some tummy pooches & could not move for anything.The music is mostly hip hop as well.But it's a good place for guys since there were a crazy amount of women there for the free drinks.
4	I've only been to vanity on sunday, so that's what this review is based off of.  It's a nice spot, but pretty small.  The crowd is always gonna vary depending on the weekend, but the weekend we were there it pretty diverse.  Our table was on the 2nd level by the bar, up against the stage with the stripper poles.  The dance floor is also small, so life will suck if you don't have a table.  My only real complaint with this place is this place is the dj....he plays a lot of mash ups, like 30-45 seconds of a song and cuts it, which is kind of annoying.   Still a good time to be had, especially if you're in LV on a sunday.
5	Great ambience. The dj was great. Beautiful women. What more can I say?
4	We went last Sunday night we went to Vanity Nightclub at the Hard Rock for Industry night. Sundays are the day to be at Vanity for sure! Once we got in to the club, we went right up to the bar and got served right away. There was open bar for the ladies so we enjoyed countless glasses of champagne. You can also get vodka drinks at the open bar if you want till 12 midnight. After 12 we started doing shots! Drinks were good, and average priced for Vegas ($7-9 for a beer, $12-15 for a mixed drink). This club is decent sized with a centrally located dancefloor and super cute go-go dancrs.  The chandelier over the dance floor is absolutely breath taking! I could have stood there and stared at it all night! The DJ played terrific music all night long, and they even had a drummer that came and played a few sets along with the DJ... Never saw anything like this before, but I'm hooked! The whole crowd was jumping around and singing along - couldn't have asked for a better time. The servers here are Hot.  Of course, being at the Hard Rock, the dancers have a little edge to them, and it was kind of cool to see. The workers here were also very attentive. Every time I pulled out a cigarette, there was always someone there to light it for me. They are so attentive, and it makes your experience here that much better. And of course, I have to write about the women's bathroom, which is the known highlight to this club. They have everything you can imagine at your disposal, and they even have workers that will help you fix your hair & make up! I can see why they named this place Vanity! Overall, we had a great experience, and I will definitely be going again soon.
2	I think I've been to pretty much every club in Vegas, so I have a pretty good scale to grade clubs on. Vanity is a very small club, but if you are on a mission to pull drunk dimes, this is a decent place to go.  There are notches everywhere, even dancing up on platforms throughout. Two dance floors and two bars. Navigating through tight quarters to find a place for you and your group to stand can be a chore. Not a good club for bottle service, because they pack you in way too tight. They DO NOT serve Red Bull here, Monster only, so if RB&V is your thing, go somewhere else. Great Hip-Hop playing though, until about 3:00 am when they turn to house music. Kinda kills it when youre trying to run that 4th quarter game and seal the deal for the victory. Ya'll know exactly what I'm talking about. I guess it gives you an excuse to leave the club, so that's a silver lining I guess.
1	- Small venue- Bad music- Not a great crowd eitherNot coming back
4	I am aware that this may be my lamest review ever.  I didn't come here to club or party it up.  I was actually there at a private party for a convention, so I can't comment on what the scene may be like if you were going there for clubbing.BUT, I am going to give this place 4 stars just for the sheer fact that their bathroom might be the most exquisite, beautiful bathroom in all of Las Vegas (and I've seen a lot of bathrooms in my days).  Floor to ceiling mirrors, bright lighting, and little personalized sinks with makeup mirrors and tufted stools.  I felt like Marie Antoinette or I imagined, "This must be what Mariah Carey's bathroom looks like."  I seriously just wanted to sit in that beautiful bathroom all night.Lame review, I know, but I gotta give this place PROPS for the bathroom.
3	The best thing about this club is that it has some of the least expensive bottle service in Vegas that is also combined with a decent place and a decent crowd. I've been here twice now - both times on a Saturday night, and both times my friends and I (mix of mostly girls and a couple of guys) got tables. Bottles start in the $400s (vs. the $500s for the bigger-named clubs) and they do a one bottle per 4 people min (vs. one bottle per 3 people).To be honest I'm not sure the people at the front know what they're doing - my first time here I didn't see a sign for table reservations, so I asked where to wait - and was told the wrong spot. We stood around for about 15 minutes before I decided to ask again and was told we should be in some other spot. Thankfully once we did get in, we had a decent table (it was a bit weird shaped, but not a bad location) and a great time.The second time, they tried to cram 8 of us at a table that should not physically sit more than 6 people. We somehow fit 7 of us in the booth (not comfortably, though) before asking them to just move us - and we had to buy an extra bottle to get a bigger table. To an extent I'm okay with that, but I think they should have just told us the higher bottle min and put us at a proper table from the start. It was a hassle dealing with it all (moving tables, re-figuring out the money situation) after we were already inside the club.Music-wise, Vanity depends on the DJ. One night they leaned toward hip hop; the next time it was mostly EDM (and the DJ apparently had a problem with a song playing for more than 30 seconds). As I said, though, generally this place is a decent experience, and if you want the Vegas club atmosphere without the big name bottle prices, I say give it a shot.
3	I went to a private party at VANITY and it's a pretty good venue.I don't know what this place is like if/when it's open to the general public.There's 2 bars and a decent sized dance floor, so it's a good venue should any corporate entity decide to invite guests and throw a private party in Vegas.Like anything else, the party is only as good as the guests.So, I'm not sure what type of clientele comes to Vanity.However, if you're bringing in your own crew and it's invitation only, this is a worthy place to host a party.
3	There's no line to get in. It's just a huge crowd and they pick people from it. Very unorganized and frustrating by the time you get in you are already annoyed. The club inside is cute but nothing great about it. The music was average.  Crowd was full of people that didn't seem old enough to get in. I'll stick to the Wynn & encore for clubs :)
5	It's been several months since I've been here, so I don't know if anything has changed, but here's what I thought about it:Love the decor (big chandelier by the dancefloor, bathrooms, light squares on the wall, everything was cool looking).Love the music (hip hop & top 40). I hate house music so I'm glad Vanity rarely plays house music.Every 30 min or so, they blast a shot of cold air onto the dance floor (great when it's crowded & you're dancing up a sweat).There's actually places for you to sit & rest your feet (you don't need a table reservation just to sit).
2	Ladies, make sure you CALL before you come here! It was our first night in Vegas, and since I was the planner of our trip, I was SO psyched to come to Vanity after reading all the positive reviews. 1. When we got there, our cab driver had taken us to the WRONG Hard Rock hotel (apparently there are two, so make SURE you get taken to the one on the strip, which is right next to MGM). 2. Vanity wasn't open that night, because apparently it's only for private events. 3. We headed over to Marquee, partied VIP style with some guys I had met on the plane (the pools are GORGEOUS, just a nice bonus), I got trashed for free and kissed an Australian guy, ending my night in success.
4	Friday night = Ladies' NightGorgeous decor/lighting. Fun, danceable/sing-along music. Not too packed; I was able to get a drink without waiting 15 minutes, like I did at some of the other nightclubs on the strip. Lots of seating within the club if you want to rest your tired, dancing legs.
1	- Small venue- Bad music- Not a great crowd either Service was extremely poor and very slow. Rude and clueless hostess,
2	This place was ok. The decor is nice and the ladies lounge is super cute! The only thing I would like to tell everyone is to pay attention to how much the bartenders charge you and how much change they give you back!There is more than one bar. I went to the main bar and got Coconut Ciroc on the rocks and it was 14 dollars. I went to one of the smaller bars and ordered the same thing and I was charged 19 dollars.  Also, at the main bar, rather than give my friends all thier change and let them decide what to tip the bartender, he attempted to take his own tip out and give them the rest after he took his tip! This was crazy. I am not sure it was just a bad night. Other than that I was there on a Saturday, the music was good and the crowd was okay. If you are not into the big clubs this place is okay not too big and not too small and you still get the club experience.
4	Love the layout of this club, I feel like this club needs more spotlight cause I don't hear about it often. I came here awhile ago when Rick Ross was performing at the club. He was awesome. Staff seemed really friendly. Awkward set up for our VIP table though. Women's bathroom is dope! Lol
4	The club is pretty nice. Spacious with a good lighting system. Drinks are about $15 each,  typical I guess. Entrance was a bit confusing. We stood in front of a lady waiting for her to open the ropes as she had just done for a couple in front of us. Stood there for a while and another couple came up and asked her a question where she then replied and showed them where to go for general admission. We stood right there with her looking straight at us and she didn't bother to tell us anything! Once we got in things were good though. Nice soundsystem.  Good view of the DJs. I wouldn't mind going to Vanity again.
