5	Love this place...if you are in the food and bev. industry here in Vegas...this is the place to buy all your supplies!! It has everything you could ever ask for including an industry discount...just mention where you work and you receive a 15% discount!! ( Have also bought supplies for my bar at home....great items for your personal collection too!!)
4	Great place to get your culinary/kitchen tools furniture as well as new and used machinery. This is one of my go-to spots for supplies, with Henderson Restaurant being the other. Prices nearly spot on just a tad bit higher than I'm used to paying, however Like Rachel M. mentioned, show them your work id/proof of employment and get a cool 15% discount. Additionally, add them on Facebook to hear about their daily special sales.Everything is pretty organized, expect only the basics at this huge, no frills space. Don't expect any high end Williams Sonoma "Gourmet" avocado slicer or bagel slicer here. Employees have only been helpful and prompt. If you don't see it there they can order it for you.
5	My husband and I like to watch cooking shows.  Couple times a year we go to Resco and pick up new kitchen gadgets that we have seen on the shows.  This year I re-did the kitchen, many more cabinets. So, went to Recso and got new kitchen tools, like, apple peeler, parmesan cheese grater, inversion blender, mandoline different sizes of ramekins and more.  So fun to cook with the proper tools.  A must see for anyone.  Even it you don't cook, I bet you find something to make your life a little bit easier.
3	The Mr needed some chef jackets so we headed up to Resco to take a look see and well, the selection of chefs jackets was pretty lame (go to Las Vegas Uniforms for the best selection and prices). Though overall the store has a great selection of pretty much anything you'd need to run a restaurant. Sausage maker, check, popcorn popper, check, a wok as big as kiddie pool, check! You get the idea! While the chefs jackets were disappointing so were the prices. I mean like somethings were well priced but others seemed to be marked up big time. Service was a little surly as well though we managed to find some cool thermometers and a powdered sugar shaker. The one caveat to this place is the proximity to some amazing taco joints!
5	So I needed a boning knife and had been looking for some circular cutters and decided to come here. Much to my delight there was a sale going on. Found a boning knife, knife cover and my cutter for less than 20 dollars. Little did I know that I would receive a free pairing knife since I wore my Le Cordon Bleu chefs jacket, we get a discount. At least until tomorrow. Nevertheless I will be returning! Amazing place. Felt like a kid in a candy store.
4	It's big! Rows of stuff, everything from a hobart mixer, to the ninjia blender.  If you want restaurant supplies or personel cooking utensils, this place has it, show your work ID and get a discount.
4	Loved this place! Anything and everything needed for a restaurant. My husband and I were on a mission to find some professional cookware. Although there was not a lot of cookware selection, we found what we needed. Since both of us have previous kitchen experience, it was fun going down each aisle to see what they offered. I really enjoyed the aisle with cake pans, and pastry bags.
5	love it!!! thanx for the great service and all the great product.  :}
