1	I've been here a couple of time and was satisfied.  However, the last time I went, I swear they downsized their food -- the pizza slice was smaller and the small salad was dinky (maybe two bites worth!).  The price stayed the same however.  I know we all have to pinch our pennies during these tough economic times, but making the food smaller and charging the same = not cool.
4	Kind of surprised this place only has one review from 2008.  In any case, six of us came here for lunch last week.  Three of us got pizza and three got calzones.  It seemed like the calzone folks were the most satisfied, they raved about it for the rest of the afternoon.  A couple of them also got slices of tiramisu and said it was fabulous.  I got a slice of pizza and a side salad.  My salad was fresh and my slice of pizza was pretty large too so I think their portions are fine.  I thought the pizza was okay but I didn't fall in love with it, it was mostly the sauce I didn't like (it was pretty sweet).  Overall I think this place is somewhere between 3 and 4 stars but I rounded up because the employees were friendly and they have a good variety of stuff on their menu.
5	Delicious place to get some pizza, very surprised by how good it was. Seems to be family owned? Nice people, shouldn't be overlooked.
5	My office is a short walk to Cafe Roma and I go at least 3 times a week. If you go during the lunch rush the line will look long, but it goes quickly. The Hawaiian pizza is my favorite slice and I'll usually get a side salad as well.  I hear the sandwiches are amazing as well. They get a bonus star for friendliness and customer service by the couple running the front.
5	This place is one of my favorites. Huge pizza slices for only 3 dollars. Melts like butter in your mouth, the crust is amazing! Asu students get discounts.
1	Wow this place sucks.  We were in a hurry to go ice skating down the street, so we popped into the first place we saw that was open and not crowded.  We ordered the chicken parmesan sandwich after looking at the prices for pizza.  A tiny personal pizza was about $7.  The sandwich was also $10, but we figured we'd split it.  They asked us if we'd like a large and we said yes after some thought.  It came out about 45 minutes later.  It was literally just an overbaked piece of chicken and some cheese on some crappy bread.  It was tiny.  I'd hate to see what the "regular" size was.  What a waste of time and money!
