5	The best!Spotlessly clean...very friendly....price was more than fair.  The work done was  perfect.My highest recommendation.
5	I have had too many issues in the past with Discount Tire installing my tires and wheels incorrectly and then not standing behind their work.  A friend recommended this place -- WOW, what a difference and their prices are pretty much the same as Discount Tire - but with professional employees and work.  I have recommended them to a number of friends and they are all happy.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE.
5	These guys are awesome!! I have never seen a shop this clean before. Cade totally hooked me up!!HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
5	Very pleased with Wheel Specialists. My sales person was Brad and he was very responsive, communicated mainly by email and he would get back to me quickly anytime I emailed him. I purchased both wheels and tires, prices were competitive and the work was quality. Clean professional shop. I happily recommend.
1	Back in 2007, my car (BMW 540i sport) was involved in a minor accident and one of the front rims was damaged (18" M Parallel). The bodyshop (whom I had a working relationship with as I am a former auto dealer) outsourced finding a replacement to Wheel Specialists. Wheel Specialists sent the body shop a replica M Parallel. The rim was obviously a replica as the lip was slightly different, the color was slightly different, and the rim lacked the OEM BMW markings. Getting an OEM rim was very important as the OEM rims were forged and the replica was not. I told the bodyshop I would handle the mix up. I went to wheel specialists directly to handle the situation and I dealt with Brad. He was a gigantic asshole. He refused to admit the rim was a replica. He basically told me I didn't know what I was talking about (even though I specialized for years in BMW's). Even when I pointed out obvious differences (lack of a part #, differences in appearance, etc), he wouldn't budge. The attitude I got from him was "leave me alone, go away, and let me get back to buying underage girls vodka-tonics in Scottsdale with my d-bag friends." Needless to say, I eventually gave up. I recently went back to wheel specialists to look at some Vossen rims. They gave me a competitive quote, but I used a different shop because of my previous experience with them. Had something gone wrong, I doubted they would have fixed it.
5	Borrowed my daughter's while visiting AZ from IL and I accidentally scraped her rim. Knowing that she would be upset, I took car in and explained my dilemma and that I needed rim repaired. They immediately took the car in and repaired rim to look good as new for a reasonable price. It only took and hour!! The shop was very clean and everyone was very helpful. I will let my friends and family know about your great service. Thanks so much for helping me fix my daughter's rim.
5	I just returned today from a 10 day vacation only to arrive at the airport parking garage and find I had a flat tire.  Not a great way to end a vacation. I set to work putting on the spare and pondered my next move.  With a family of four, way too much luggage and a strong desire to get things fixed quickly, I decided to call Wheel Specialists, Inc.  I have previously done business there and was very happy with service and results.  Today, once again, they did not disappoint.  Now, I realize that fixing flats is not what keeps them in business but they were on the way home and it was an easy solution.  I called from the airport and they immediately began getting all of the necessary information to make the repair.  They were very polite and eager to please.  When I arrived at their facility, I was greeted immediately as I stepped out of the vehicle.  They had the paperwork in hand and took my vehicle in immediately.  15 minutes later I was out the door and on my way.  They had taken all of my luggage out of the car, returned the jack and spare to their proper place and re-loaded the car.  Nice work boys!I don't write many reviews but I felt that I needed to make an exception this time for what I deem to be exceptional service. This business is a notch above its competitors. I give Wheel Specialists, Inc. my highest recommendation!
5	After going to nearly 10 different wheel places, nobody could remove my tire. I came here and they were able to remove it with no problems. I will only be going here from now on because they truly know what they're doing and are not some cookie cutter tire place!
5	Going in, I had heard mixed reviews about customer service... let me just tell you that either completely changed or was completely false. They guys were amazing to work with. Very professional and courteous. They did an excellent job repairing my bent rim and even went as far as cleaning/inspecting the other wheels while they waited for the repair to complete.I will definitely be recommending these guys to anyone I know that needs any type of wheel or tire work done. Cost was highly competitive compared to mobile repair and other shops I looked at. These guys came highly regarded from some of my friends, and I'm glad I listened to them.
5	Great company and staff to do business with. Bought wheels for my car and spacers at a great deal, despite the flashy showroom and high end cars they have the cheapest prices around.
5	I delt with Larry everything worked fine they had the wheel they had the great price product arrived on time what more could I ask for thank you Larry.
5	Been coming here for years. Great guys with a ton of talent. They take the time to go over your ideas and match them to the perfect fit for your car. Really enjoyable.
5	Got my tires installed and balanced here yesterday.  This place was extremely clean and inviting.  The staff working here were very professional and helpful.  I will come back for all my tire and wheels from now on.
5	Curtis is top-notch!  He saw to my wheel repair quickly and efficiently.  Customer service is obviously the priority here.  He dealt with my schedule changes without a flinch, completely understanding.  He even knew the previous owner of my Lexus IS-F, who had also used these guys for his rims.  He had no hesitation to show me the problems we were up against and helped solve them with utmost concern for our safety and finances.EDIT:  Treated so well here that I bought a set of tires as well.  They needed to be replaced.  I wasn't pushed into it by anyone but common sense after they showed me my old tires.  Curtis found an ideal set of tires for a fair price.
1	I am not sure of the end work product but they could not be less interested in helping me. I went in on a Saturday and met with a sales person who seemed just pissed that I was bothering him. I wanted to get my rims refurbished and he took a picture said he would get to me on Monday. Monday...no call. I called Tuesday because I understand Mondays suck. No answer and the phone just rang and rang. I called the main number and sat on hold for 5 minutes. I was ready to pay a couple of grand to refurbish my Forgiatos but Im taking my business elsewhere. They may do great work but crappy customer service experience for me.
4	I wanted to write an update to my review because I was contacted by C.K. from WSI who was very professional and explained that my experience was not characteristic of the business practices of WSI. I know WSI has great reviews for their work product and wanted to update my review to reflect this much better and more recent experience. I appreciated his professionalism and invitation to come back in for a better experience. I will update.
5	This place is more than a wheel shop....they sell wheels.... but WSI is a top notch service company.  The customer service is exemplary.  The organization has an above and beyond attitude throughout.I had a wheel crack and they drive me home to pick up my OEM wheels, balanced and mounted them.  Yes they drive me one hour round trip.There are many wheel.shops but this place "just gets it !"If you are looking for a wheel place I would recommend wsi.   Ask for Chris.
