5	What can I say? I'm ecstatic. We have a cheesemonger in 7th Street Public Market now. That's right! Owner, Rachel, is knowledgeable cheese master hailing from the Chelsea Market in Manhattan. What a nice breath of fresh air this addition is to the market!I was stoked to the shop being built out and ever more enthralled to see it up and running earlier this week! Stopped by to check out the quaint walk-up shop and we talked through some of her cheeses. She was just getting ready to slice into an aged Wisconsin Gouda and my eyes got wide. She sliced off a small piece and handed me a sample. Sold. I ended up scoring a decent sized wedge to bring home. Also, I got my hands on some delicious almonds near the register. A perfect addition to any cheese plate you'd like to concoct. For those who appreciate fine cheeses, this should become your go-to in Uptown. Curated and sophisticated, but not out of reach for the cheese-craving commoners. Worth every second just to see all of those rounded and wrapped wheels of cheese!On the flip-side, there are also tons of other items at the shop as well. Local jams, peanut butter, goods from Polka Dot Bake Shop, and other small items. Welcome to Charlotte and welcome to the 7th Street Market, Orrman's!
3	Knowledgeable but not very friendly and the selection is very limited.
5	Super knowledgable owner Rachel helped me figure out what cheeses I needed when I was indecisive and what they wet well with.  They were all excellent and my wine and cheese party was a success!!  So nice to finally have a true cheese shop in Charlotte.
4	Yum...cheese.  I have to tell you I had a chuckle when I visited because Ormans had a sign that it was national cheese month and one of the organic companies within the 7th Street Market had their own sign stating it was National Cleanse Month.  Kind of conflicting if you ask me, but I digress.The main staple is obviously cheese and boy do they have plenty.  Cheeses of all kinds and tastes and I'm sure from all around.  The also carry crackers, honey and some cheese accessories if you will.The service is extremely helpful and not bashful with samples to make sure you get the cheese you need and want.  They take their time to explain the history of the cheese and what it best pairs with.
5	Rachel, the owner, knows her cheese. Her medium-sized but extremely high quality and diverse selection at her shop makes every other cheese specialty place I've been to in town seem sub-par (here's lookin' at you, Whole Foods :-/ ). I was recently turned on to Looking Glass Creamery of Asheville - they have amazing stuff, especially the Chocolate Lab washed rind cow milk - and was delighted to find that Rachel carried a good selection from there. But, in the end, she sold me on this unbelievably decadent Vermont brie called Moses Sleeper. The initial creaminess gives way to a rich nutty flavor, which ends on... I can't even fucking describe it. It's so good, I've run out of hyperbole.Anyway, hats off to Rachel and her amazing shop. Also, be sure to check out some of the jams and what-not that she sells. I sampled the caramel - not cream-based the way I like it, but still very nice.Ooh! Ooh! I forgot to mention the price - super reasonable for high-end cheeses. You really can't go wrong.
5	Very nice addition to the 7th St Public Market.  As an aside - If you've not yet been to the market, they've reached enough mass with dining and vendor choices now to make it worth one's while.  Back to cheese...  Nice selection of cheeses and Rachel is very knowledgeable about her trade.  She is quick with the samples and also with recommendations.  I was into making some Blue Cheese Dressing this weekend and she recommended the Point Reyes Blue.  It was so creamy with nice veins of blue and just the right amount of "tang".If you want good cheese explained to you in a professional way, Orrman's is your place.
4	Though an exact date isn't known, homo sapiens probably started making cheese soon after domesticating livestock around 10,000 years ago. This gooey, melty, herculean leap of human advancement is perhaps matched only by the invention of writing, beer, soap, penicillin, vaccination, and the Hubble telescope. So this place is not only a fantastic, but frankly, a necessary addition to 7th Street Market.The 2 cheeses I've tried so far were absolutely addictive. I got a really sharp cheddar (great with Gala apples) whose name I regrettably can't remember and a mini wheel of goat cheese for my girlfriend's broccoli and goat cheese soup. Because the prices are a little on the steep side, Orrman's earns extra points for being generous with samples and a willingness to cut the package in half and sell just one wheel from a 2-pack. After all, with pungent goat cheese, a little goes a long way.In addition to all the mouthwatering, velvety, some subtle, others downright funky cheeses, they have a decent selection of other things one might associate with cheese; the most important of which are the fresh baguettes. As far as I can tell, it's the only place in the market that sells them. And they're good baguettes too. As good as Amelie's, in fact. This alone is reason to stop by if you're in the market already. Because really, what's a market that doesn't sell baguettes?
4	My family and I have been going to the 7th Street Market every Saturday for most of the past year.  We usually hit Pure Pizza, Not Just Coffee, and Cloud 9.  A few months ago Orrman's Cheese Shop opened up in a little nook next to Pure Pizza.  Our family enjoys cheese but are by no means cheese connoisseur.  Everyone at Orrman's is friendly and very informative.... without being intimidating.  The cheeses are so delicious and addicting.  Orrman's is now one of our regular stops on our weekly pilgrimage to 7th Street Market and we look forward to learning about/exploring this new world of cheese.
5	Cheese! Glorious cheese!  My hubby and I finally went to visit the 7th Street Public Market to check it out and I was excited to see a cheese vendor! I heart cheesemongers...I secretly want to be one!   The cheese display is gorgeous and I have to remind myself to practice restraint. We had just purchased some beautiful heirloom tomatoes and I asked for a cheese suggestion and a washed-rind cheese called Quadrello di Bufala was recommended.  We had a little taste and I was instantly in heaven.....yes please, cut off a nice chunk of that for me, please :)  Everyone behind the counter is extremely knowledgeable - a huge plus if you're looking for new and different cheeses.  I didn't have a grilled cheese sandwich but I was tempted, the menu looked amazing.  I'm sure we'll be back for a sammy soon!
5	I love Orrman's. Pure and simple.Ever since the sweet owner, Rachel, set up shop up in the 7th Street Public Market, I've been a fan. Between acquiring off-the-beaten-path cheeses and accoutrements, and wolfing down gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches, there's no way to go wrong.Today, I was in the neighborhood and decided to try the grilled cheese with pickles and mustard on sourdough. I had tried a tiny sample of this sandwich at Charlotte Rock City in June, and knew it was my next meal-time choice when I was close by.Accompanied by McClure's spicy pickle chips and a Blenheim's Ginger Ale, I was in cheesy, pickle-y heaven.Rachel also makes samples available if you're interested in finding out more about a particular kind of cheese.As a cheese lover and absurd foodie, I can't recommend Orrman's enough. Go there.
4	Such a welcome addition to Charlotte. Rachel, the cheesemonger/owner, really loves what she does and it shows. It's always a pleasure to go in there and try something new and they are extremely patient while you are trying to decide. They encourage sampling and really know their wares. I love getting her e-mails and seeing what I'm going to buy for the weekend. Best(albeit small) cheese selection in the city.
4	This review is for the grilled cheese only - haven't had the pleasure of buying/eating the many cheeses here. I had the grilled cheese with gouda with walnuts and date jam. The bread was excellent (better than papiqueso IMHO) and the flavors were perfectly balanced between the salty/sweet components of the sandwich. The owner was friendly and helpful. I would definitely come here again.
5	My husband and I just moved from DC to Charlotte two weeks ago and were unsure of what the cheese situation would be.  So we were really happy to find Orrman's not too far from our house. We had friends come for wine & cheese over the weekend.  Normally we would have assembled the snacks ourselves but having just moved in, etc, we decided to give our selves a break and order the food from Rachel.  We ordered the cheese platter for 10 and added on some salami.  We were VERY happy.  It was on a cute recyclable, but sturdy tray.  We had a great assortment:  Carolina Moon Brie, Marieke Gouda, Prairie Breeze Cheddar and Chorizo with Sangievese and some of nuts, etc. Nothing on the tray was just there for garnish, everything tasted high quality.  The almonds were so crunchy & fresh that I need to find out where Rachel buys them. She also put some corn nuts on there that were a great texture change.  I love figs but don't usually like the fig cakes (?) served at cheese shops, this was the exception.  So very flavorful.The artisan crackers were not my favorite.  But I anticipated that and we did buy a loaf of bread at the shop down the row.We paid $63 for the platter for 10 people.  I have no basis of comparison in term of prices here in Charlotte.  But I will tell you that we were pleased with the result.  Meaning:  everyone LOVED the selection; we had 6 people eating and drinking for an  hour before heading out to dinner and had plenty of leftovers for the next day; and for us to recreate the same tray with the same variety, we'd have purchased way more than $63 of groceries.Also, did I mention that Rachel came into the store on a Sunday so that it would be freshly prepared!  Exactly what a small business owner developing a clientele should do, but it doesn't mean I appreciate it any less!
5	I discovered Orrman's 5 or 6 weeks ago and have driven in from Huntersville every weekend since. I love the selection and Rachael is absolutely great to help you try new things. Her selection of cheese and things to go with it are the best in Charlotte. The 7th Street Market is a fun place to go as well. I highly recommend Orrman's and will continue to try new cheese and enjoy my past favorites. I am so glad I discovered this shop and you will be too. Make the trip and support our local businesses.
5	Best grilled cheeses in charlotte. Not to mention the best specialty cheeses. Rachel and her husband, along with Nicole they're right hand lady, are all very knowledgable and helpful. They do weekly cheese and wine tastings with Sorting Table in the market! Ask them for details!!
5	Overall, having stopped by the Orrman"s Cheese Shop on half a dozen plus occasions, I can say that I have been pleased. It's hard to not give 5 stars to such a purveyor of fancy cheeses and many other fancy products like pickled veggies, preserves and fancy peanut butter to only name a few of their auxiliary products. Prices are definitely at a premium, but then again at least it controls my cheese consumption to a degree, which ultimately curtails my cholesterol levels, so that I may live longer to eat more cheese.My least favorite grilled cheese that I had was the one with the fig preserve because the figs overpowered the cheese and ham that were the other ingredients.  All other grilled cheeses have been very tasty and my only suggestion would be some different breads, as I believe that they use the same bread for all the sandwiches.  I may be wrong on that last statement, but it seems like I have always had the same type of bread.....
5	I had a bit of heaven for lunch in Charlotte today: Ham, goat, cranberry grilled cheese.  It was the best!  I am from NYC and had to stop by to see what all the rage was about with this sweet little cheese shop. It was worth it and more. I even left with a slice of Giselle sheep  Dutch hard cheese, yum.  They do gift baskets so watch out friends & family - here comes some special treats!
2	This review is for the cheese sandwiches only. I've been dying to try this place, and I'm sure their cheeses are great. However I find them to be a tad bit overpriced, so instead I tried one of their cheese sandwiches.  Cheddar, Gouda, pickles, mustard on sourdough... It can't be bad. But it wasn't great either. The bread was very dry and the insides were sparse and low on flavor.  For a tiny $7 cheese sandwich, I expected more. It wasn't bad; it just wasn't worth $7.
4	delicious cheese in cool environment.definitely well educated foodie employees straight from brooklyn!
4	Service is always friendly! Not a huge selection but big enough to provide good options. We've never bought cheese we didn't like. They also make grilled cheese sandwich
4	I had the gouda pickle and mustard sandwich on sourdough and grilled. Yum. The storefront is small so it can get a bit crowded but the service was friendly and helpful. The setting, inside the 7th Street Public Market in downtown Charlotte is cool. Although there are lots of lunch options in the area, I would definitely go back for a gourmet grilled cheese sandwich.
4	The ladies here were really so nice and helpful. This is a quaint little pop up shop with some interesting cheeses and fun little jams etc. I'm not sure this cheese shop is enough to keep me coming back to the 7th street market, but it was the best experience I had there. They had this buzz cheddar (espresso covered cheddar) that was pretty good so I bought some along with a very pungent elderflower cheese. Both were rich and tasty!! If I'm ever in that area again i'll stop by again and check their selection out!!
4	This shop gets it - small space, smartly designed, giving the impression of full stock, lots of curiosities keeping your attention. In a half closed market on Sunday, the booth looks warm and inviting. They make grilled cheeses and cheese/charcuterie plates and sell all the accoutrement you might possibly dream to need. Lots of specialty jams, honeys, savory spreads, crackers and pickled veg. I bought a jam and a honey, tried a piece of cheddar. When I have cheese needs I'll know where to come!
