1	The cook was the waiter, was the busser, was the dishwasher.  Forgot our appetizer.  Then forgot our salad.  The brought our 2 kids eskimo pies 5 minutes into our dinner - we didn't even ask for them, and we were trying to feed them dinner at the time.  He didn't know what the soup of the day was - excuse me!?  He was the cook!  He was wearing the all white cook outfit and was definitely the one cooking in their open kitchen.  He had an odor of human feces about him, which I picked up when we were discussing the check (at close range.)  The 'famous' baby-back ribs were deep fried and drizzled lightly with bbq sauce.  The could not have been drier.They were out of shrimp - yet had at least 4 dishes on the menu that had shrimp in it.  (It was only 5:00pm, so it wasn't like they ran out during a busy night.)  This place has been touted as a 'local' favorite, yet we were the only table in the joint from 5-6:15pm.  It took 30 minutes for the food to arrive (he forgot our appt and salad!)  The bathroom was the most pleasant part of the entire experience.  It was half way clean, stocked with soap and paper towels.  Nothing disgusting stood out.The bar which you had to walk through to sit down for dinner, reeked of stale alcohol and cigarettes.  5 regulars at the bar, apparently, drinking and smoking - with the smoke drifting over to the dining area to make matters worse.  The waiter/cook/busser/dishwasher told me on two separate occasions that I would have to do dishes!  Why he had to tell me not once, but twice, as he motioned to a table full of dirty dishes (which sat this way for an hour), is beyond me!  This was the worst dining experience of my life.  Bar none.  I guess I should have known something was wrong when I noticed a photo on their website of the interior of the bathroom.  But now I see why they would be so proud of the bathroom.  Its the most non-offensive area of this brutal establishment.  They must have payed off the inspector!!
5	I live near here. It's not a bar to be rowdy. It's your neighborhood tavern! The most friendly bartenders you can think of and some delicious food. The bar has multi games that suck at blackjack but kick ass at every other game. Deuces wild pays like a mother %$#!*&.
2	ordered food for delivery. i gave 2 stars becuase 'meh. Iv'e had better' it wasnt that bad, delivery time was normal. prices are good. but maybe pizza and chicken fried steak (ate it before i took pic) just isnt what theyre best at. i was craving chicken fried steak since  i seen it on the menu they left on my door. i was very satisfied with it. i dont know what it was. maybe a little plain? i dont know.the pizza was the same. just Meh. im sure i will try them again another day.
5	We moved and were looking for a little place to have a beer now and then, we stumbled across Gilligan's, it was awesome, Michelle our bartender was the best we have every seen! And everyone was so friendly, we have been back a few times, the food is good, the company is great!!
3	The prime rib special on saturday about 9pm was ordered along with the colossal steamers. They eere out of the twice cooked potato so our 2 specials don't qualify since we had rice. The steamers were huge and tender, but tge sauce was watery and not much flavor. The prime rib was excellent, the veggies were tasty, the rice was cold and awful.  The soup was good. The desserts eere okay. The apple pie was too sour, but great crust. Shelley was the bartender, but seemed more enthused than our waitress.The menu looks great, but I don't know if I can go back here.
5	Nicest.staff.EVER! Decent bar, good atmosphere, and great food. We only ordered an appetizer. Mozzarella "sticks" more like mozzarella logs. These things were frickin' huge! Definitely not frozen and cut straight  from a fresh piece which you'll never see in a PT's. Zoe and Matt; incredibly friendly and attentive and are the reason we're going back. The place isn't a dive but it's definitely hidden away. Worth going to if only for a drink, some mozzarella logs, and a football game.
5	Went there on Saturday night for a couple of drinks and some dinner as it had been several years since my last visit. The menu has been upgraded from the old typical bar food selection to more of a neighborhood family place. The staff and service were great but the place is small so there was only one bartender and one waitress to handle everything.Not having any beer on tap is something of a drawback but otherwise the bar is a nice cozy environment. The Saturday prime rib special was about as good as it gets for $15 which included a drink and desert.
5	I have been to Gilligan's several times and the food is great!  You would think a bar would have "bar" food, but not here.  Many items on the menu are prepared fresh and from scratch.  The soup is fresh every day! I definitely recommend if you want a great meal at a great price!
3	I stumbled on this spot while reading an article about the Las Vegas mob. This place used to be called Starboard Tack in the 70s and Al Bramlett the local culinary union leader hired 2 men to plant car bombs here in 1976. The bombs failed to detonate and Mr Bramlett didn't pay for the job. One thing leads to another and Mr Bramlett ends up dead in the desert. Now on to Gilligans, I really like the decor. The nautical theme is evident outside and inside, a true throw back to the old days where the outside looks like a dock, the inside is made to look like a ship (on restaurant side) etc. They have really cool stained glass art behind the booths. Now my problem is I read the website menu that included things like filet and shrimp for 13.99 and many other enticing items. The problem is when I got there the menu was totally different and about 15-20% more expensive than the website shows. Have to knock off stars for that.I ordered chicken marsala made by the waiter/chef , who looks just like Norm Macdonald and was an awesome guy. The chicken was great and the pasta and garlic bread were plentiful and adequate. The marinara was not great but its not like this is an Italian place. I paid about 20 for my meal and 2 bottles of domestic suds. I will come back for the Saturday prime rib special. Just a note, the location is very very odd. It seems to almost be in an apartment buildings parking lot off a side street in a worn out area of town. Don't let that fool you because this is the type of homey bar/restaurant (with some interesting "mob" history) you don't really find in this town anymore (like the Coachmen).
5	My hubby is always finding great places in vegas and this is one of them.  Great food and even better prices.  The cook and waitress were amazing. It's small but worth the time to come and check it out.
