4	KTAR isn't "Live and Local" anymore, which was their tagline when they moved to FM. Regrettably, the station's only local talk worth listening to these days is the Thursday 'war room' segment of Mac &amp; Gaydos (w/ Pat McMahon, Gayle Bass, et al) and weekend hosts like Jay Lawrence and Tony Femino. Let's just hope Bonneville doesn't outsource its local weekend programming to syndicated shows.
1	This station is ridiculous and infuriating
3	i don't like this new guy on at 9. he does that question thing that drives me nuts. ex: 'do i think they should pay? absolutely' ugh. shut up. why don't you just freaking say 'i think they should pay'?!?! it's pretty much his favorite way to make a statement. do i change the station the moment i hear him do it? you betcha! ;) actually, i'm going to donate the rest of this review to bringing awareness to that annoying question-statement. can i stand the glen beck show? no way jose. is he an awful person? i have no idea, i've never been able to listen long enough are mac and gaydos decent? sometimes. are they a little silly in an un-funny way sometimes? sometimes. are they like the awkward guy in highschool who hits on you all the time with really lame jokes and you half smile to be polite but secretly can't wait until you can change seats or make converstion with someone else? yes. are they like that every day? absolutely not. will i listen on the days they don't annoy me? sure.does everything about KTAR get my nerves? not so much. are the best things about KTAR the Phil Hendries show, the other guy, and dave ramsey? obviously.  am i over-reacting abou the stupid question-statement thing? i don't think so. will i flip out if people speak to me in person like this? probably.  most likely. most definitely.
5	I always listen to this station. All the host are pretty entertaining... Bruce St. James and Mac and Gaydos are probably my favorite.... And who doesn't like Dave Ramsey?! I totally need to read his books... Then only thing i dislike about the station is the syndicated glenn beck show... He talks too much religion, But whatever.
1	The Mac & Gaydos show is without question the worst show on radio.  These guys have NO Class what so ever.  Today our community buried a fallen police officer shot in the line of duty while responding to a burglary call.  The officer was 50 years old with a few young kids and has given his entire life to protect and serve our community.YET, Mac & Gaydos today ridiculed the closure of hwy 51 for 1 hour.  They made a big issue out of nothing.  It was in very POOR Taste and has turned me off of ever listening to this station again.POOR FORM KTAR .....
2	The day radio shows have gotten worse ever since Darrell Ankarlo left due to his car accident injuries.Bruce St. James is a moderate left leaning.The afternoon guys are both Atheists.KTAR has turned liberal. I only listen to AM 550 now.
5	AmyAnn is the best rep!  Give her a ring for your marketing needs with KTAR
5	Love me some Mac and Gaydos! They are funny and deliver the news that we need. Ned and Connie in the mornings are great too! They have a fantastic dynamic together and help me smile while waking up (Not a fan of Monica who does the entertainment news but she's only on twice an hour quickly in the mornings.)
5	I very much enjoy listening to Bruce St James. Very funny and comes up with some great points. Reminds me a lot of Adam Carolla who I miss very much.
1	Negative, droning on and on about negative things....yes, Arizona is full of negative news - but it serves no purpose to report it.  I have never heard such negative news reporting in my life.  Yuck.
