4	This place is brand new and competes with prices at other salons nearby.  It's the only 24 tanning salon in the area and it has a kids area for moms to let the little ones play while you tan.  The only thing I didn't like was the lack of music, which I'm use to when I tan.  The beds are all very nice and the owners are very nice and accomodating.  I believe they're hiring as well ;)
5	This place is awesome... no where else in vegas can you truly tan 24hrs... met the owner shannon... very nice & helpful... i dropped my old membership & signed up with her the next day!
5	I love this place! No Contracts, No Sign Up Fees and Great Prices. They are the nicest people Shannon, Kevin and Kristy! The beds are amazing and new. I have naturally fair skin but have been tanning for 3 weeks now and have a beautiful tan.
5	Awesome beds!! Beautiful place & the owners are the nicest people!! I've enjoyed every tan!!!
5	Super Star Tanning is my favorite tanning salon ever! My girlfriend and I stumbled upon this gem in our travels around the southwest side of town.  We recently moved and felt the summer need of a nice tan and what did we find; Super Star Tanning.  The owners Kevin and Shannon are very down to earth, genuine people..... The have a love and passion for not only their business, but their family and city they live in.  I personally love Las Vegas, it's my home and although it has flaws; every city does!  I love meeting people who have an open mind and heart to what Vegas brings.  The Flemings' certainly do and it shows in the cleanliness and overall satisfaction customers' like myself have choosing their business.I honestly couldn't recommend a better place in Vegas to get a tan!
5	Super Star Tanning is a great tanning salon in Las Vegas! The owners are very organized and extremely friendly! Prices are great too! I researched ALOT of tanning salons in Las Vegas and Super Star Tanning doesn't even compare to the others!I have been tanning on and off for 11 years and this salon is in my top 2! I just recently moved to CA and can't find anything that comes close to what Kevin and Shannon offer at Super Star Tanning! I used their Level 3 package and I got DARK, not to mention their lotions are good too! I recommend this salon and give it a double thumbs up! You will not regret it, I promise!
5	I joined this salon about 2 weeks ago and i absolutely love everything about it! Me being a former Bodyheat employee i know what to expect and see from a success full salon and this being one of them. Shannon and Kevin do a phenomenal job running this salon and put alot of effort forward to make this salon perfect. The cleanliness and friendliness is just amazing and to be completely honest i would never think of tanning anywhere else... Bodyheat offers expensive rip off prices in absolutely filthy salons and not to mention being helped by either a 18 year old pregnant girl or some fat white pig. This is the best salon in the southwest and they deserve nothing but 5 stars!!!!!!
5	I am now tanning here and So far its excellent. They let me airbrush tan and Velocity on the same day. I was pretty stoked. I dont know why most salons dont want you doing both on the same day.I loved the Salon, it was excellent. All the beds are so new and awesome. The Airbrush tanning was awesome. I will probly do that just to keep a shiny glow on. I have an all access package I think (was just so stoked I forgot most of what Shannon told me. :-)
4	finally got to try this place out today. after not tanning for months and months i decided today i should start preparing my pale legs for the hot summer months. i walked in and the front desk girl was very friendly and helpful. we decided since it was my first time i can start with the level one bed for testing. she also helped me pick out a mini packet of lotion to help with my base tan. i decided on one to focus mainly on my legs and help them pick up some of that summer bronze i am in need of. for a single tan and a single packet of lotion my total came to right over 15 dollars. not too shabby. she walked me to my room and showed me how to work my bed. music included and i also got 7 minutes to prepare for my tan. (most places only give you 4 to 5 minutes.) the room was clean which is always a good thing along with the bed. 20 minutes later i have a little tan on my skin and the bed wasn't too hot on my body. i'll take it.the only thing i am upset over is the sign in front said "happy hour 12 to 2pm. half off single tan sessions." i didn't get that deal and i was in there at 12:30. i will be back though and hopefully i will get this sweet deal.
5	alright, alright. super star tanning won me over. I gave my pale skin another shot at this place. friendly service with owners who want to offer the best with their business. I went in for happy hour again on a saturday (noon to 2pm half priced tans!) and good news...happy hour is EVERYDAY not just monday through friday. woohoo! i walked in expecting to use the number 2 or 3 bed but was convinced to try the level 4. I'm glad I did! it is basically molded to your body. so comfortable to lay in. i also like the fact that the beds say "dirty" after you are finished tanning. that way they have to be cleaned and sanitized for the next tanner.i believe i will be back. I am very tempted to try out the level 5 now after this. i also suggest if you go for the first time make sure it is for happy hour and try out a higher level bed. the level one gave me a little bronze but the level 4 left me golden for the summer weeks. def worth the extra few dollars.
5	So, I despise tanning in beds.  But I hate being pale far more.  In the summer all I have to do is look at the sunshine and boom, I have a great tan.  But now it's November and so back to my favorite place in Las Vegas to tan I go...Out of all the places I have ever tanned Super Star is definitely my favorite.  They have really nice modern beds, the salon is super clean and  the owners Kevin and Shannon are so friendly.   Their happy hour hour 1/2 off tanning 12-2 PM every day of the week is an amazing deal too and their package are extremely reasonable.If you're in the southwest definitely check them out, you might just end up like me willing to negotiate the 15 and 215 to get your tan on at Super Tan.
5	Great prices and friendly staff. Beds tan really well and it is really clean.
5	After reading about SST on Yelp, I thought I would give it a shot since they don't require contracts...which is perfect for me because I travel pretty frequently.  Samantha set me up with a month unlimited at a very attractive price compared to what all the other guys in the area charge!  She was very helpful and not too pushy, which I appreciated.  She also didn't badmouth other tanning salons, which unfortunately happens quite a bit around LV,I've been here 5 or 6 times since, and I am in love with the beds.  They are high quality and I haven't burned at all, super clean and I love that they talk to you and tell you to have a good day or whatever when you're done tanning:)  The stand up bed is the best I've ever used...even better than the salon down the street who advertised stand up beds only - plus SST's beds are ten times cleaner.The owners are SOUTHERN...woohoo from Texas, so that makes them kindred spirits in my book.  I love finding fellow Southerners who relocate to Vegas, makes me feel more at home!  They really care about their business and about making customers happy and helping them tan safely.  There's a blonde girl who works there and she's super nice too.  I enjoy tanning here a LOT and I truly hope this business has great success!
5	Ooops..I've been slacking off on my Yelp check ins...I've been back to SST probably about 7 times since writing my original review.  I'm still really happy that I bought a membership here and I'm consistently pleased with their facilities, how clean it is, how great the tanning beds work and how awesome the staff is.  5 stars all the way!
5	I'm back!! This review is specifically for the Velocity bed that Ashley talked me into trying out during the half price upgrade happy hour time.  It's a big clear plexi-glass lookin' monstrosity...actually it looks like a table that aliens might use to probe humans on, but in truth it's a super fierce tanning bed and just one session got me about 2 shades darker.  Ashley was really helpful in answering all my questions and I enjoyed the Velocity a lot.
5	I used to come to this salon in 2010-2011, then moved and was devastated that it wasn't close anymore. Now I'm back to the southwest rainbow area and back at Super Star tanning. I have never been to a cleaner, friendlier, or more up to date tanning salon. The level one is equivalent to a level 2 or 3 in other places and all the prices are reasonable. The owners frequent the salon and are from non other than Texas, good people, good service, GREAT tan. Highly recommended!
5	Been 2 months since my last visit here and when I visited yesterday it was like seeing long lost friends again!  This is without a doubt the best tanning salon I have ever been to...great facility, top-notch equipment, friendly people, and the most reasonable prices in town.  I can't go anywhere else!  I have an event to attend in a couple weeks, and Ashley and Shannon were super helpful about making sure I get a nice, dark tan before I leave town.  Love this place!
5	I was very please with my experience here. the staff in knowledgeable and very friendly. I am a plus size woman so I always have felt uncomfortable at even the thought of airbrush tanning, but since I have been tanning in the stand up bed I have a nice tan already, and because the staff was so nice, and made me feel comfortable, I am going to try the airbrush tanning. The room is always clean and ready for me. love this place. I also drive from NW las vegas to get here. so that there shows how much i like this salon.
5	Well I have been going here for about a month now and I am getting really dark. the staff are really professionally. It is always clean. I drive clear across town to tan here every other day. Really Great!!! And very helpful as well.
