3	I was a bit thrown off when i first received the menu. This is a sushi restaurant but they also had Thai and Szechuan food? Usually that means the food isn't necessarily authentic or specialized when they offer other ethnic cuisines. The menu had all sorts of typos like Niso Soup and Sea Weet soup, weird. My boyfriend and I had low expectations and wanted to leave but didn't want to be rude. The waitress was quite unprofessional too. She was nice but she told my boyfriend to pass her his water glass. That's weird too. They should be serving us, not asking us to do things for them. Anyway, we ordered only a few rolls: avocado, spicy salmon, fish roe, and veggie roll. The presentation was actually surprisingly nice. Also the spicy salmon was VERY good. In general this place, their sushi i'd say is not bad. But it's not the best or the greatest. Service needs to be better and they need to fix the typos in their menus.
4	I've been ordering from here for years, but after a long time away I finally had the chance to order in some of my fave sushi once again. I'm not sure if the original concept of this restaurant was to be sushi based or not, but I would that if you stick to that, you'll be pleasantly surprised. There are Chinese options as well, but unless you're dining with someone who won't touch sushi, then you can safely pass it by (not that it's terrible, my mom really likes their crispy duck actually).I vary my order from time to time, but my favorite roll is the Hawaii which has pineapple, spicy salmon, tempura, tobiko and avocado. The rolls are big and not filled with rice so you actually taste everything. The prices are pretty damn reasonable and they deliver, which is a bonus when you want to wear your stretchy pants and chow down. Sure it's not a haute omakase experience, but I'm pretty sure you'll leave satisfied.
1	Do not order sushi from here. The rolls are 3km in diameter and the soy sauce is so salty you may dehydrate on the spot. They use chicken fried rice in their sushi  Chow mein is also questionable. Save your money and your taste buds.
3	Nothing really special, found the food over priced for the amount and quality. Over all it was okay.
4	Great sushi for a low price. Can be hit or miss at times, but for the most part its solid.
