1	Wouldn't recommend this place. My boyfriend had medium length hair but needed a trim. He went in and told Emily (I think) that he wanted to keep the same style and length. She didn't listen at all, cut almost everything off and now his hair looks like a poof. When he tries to flatten it he looks like Spock from Star Trek. I could've just picked up a pair of scissors and cut his hair better.
4	For the low price, it's a pretty good cut.  There have been a couple of times that my cut needed some adjustment, which they offered at no extra charge.  I have never actually taken them up on it out of sheer laziness.The stylists there are nice and well-groomed themselves.  They have never really tried to push product on me, though they do usually ask if I need any.I would say that you're not going to get a top cut here, but you can get out of there for under $20 if you really need to.
5	I came in to get my haircut here. A very nice stylist named Alexis cut my hair and did a  great job. I will definitely come back for my next haircut
1	This place used to be amazing. The prices were great and the stylists were better than the 'just out of school' types you find at SuperCuts. Unfortunately, my monthly hair cuts turned into 30-minute sales pitches where I was encouraged to buy expensive shampoos, conditioners, and styling gels. The worst part is that the various stylists were increasingly insulting saying things like, "you see how your hair is kind of shiny? That's because you're using cheap gel. Redken makes a special gel that isn't shiny. Your hair would look so much better. It's only $29.99 plus tax." The stylists are also less and less efficient. I've showed up a number of times and been told that "there is just one person ahead of you, so 20 minutes tops." After 40 minutes, I simply didn't have enough time to stay any longer.If you don't mind having your hair products insulted while they twist your arm trying to get you to buy expensive salon products for the ENTIRE 30 minutes, then the price is great. After my last four cuts have been dominated by lengthy sales pitches, I'm unwilling to go back.
5	Great place.  The prices are very reasonable.  I've had my haircut by Sierra several times and she is fast and does an excellent job.
5	Had a basic $10 man cut.  The stylist was very friendly and very good.  There was no sales hassle as mentioned by previous reviewers.
2	I was very unhappy with my haircut. They provide a money back guarantee which I think is fair.
5	Always go here to get my hair done and get the same person. Sarah knows how to work with my thick curly hair. I always leave happy and that's why I keep returning. The prices aren't bad either, i pay a total of about $45 (including tip) for a wash, blow dry, straightening, and trim (a bit longer than shoulder length hair).
4	Friendly people and good hours. Prices are reasonable, but they try to sell you hair care products that you don't really need. Good location.
