3	I don't understand, and will never understand, why people will stand around at Cowboy Monkey for an hour waiting for a table when there are 10 tables open 5 feet away at Barfly.  We sat at the Barfly table closest to Cowboy Monkey and we could still hear the band and see into the club, so it was exactly like we were at Cowboy Monkey except the service was about 10 times faster and we didn't have to wait for a table.  Barfly is clean, it didn't smell like a disgusting cigar smoked in ammonia like Boltini does, and there weren't a bunch of tramps giggling around and exposing their nipples (as recently at Guido's).  I did feel like kind of a loser for going in there since it's always so empty.
3	Went in at midnight on a Saturday, and the place was mostly empty. Agree with Sarah L. that it's definitely better than waiting for a seat at Cowboy Monkey, and the drink specials were decent. I was also a fan of not having to wait for some poor sluttily-dressed 18-year-old waitress to get groped at fifteen other tables before she could bring me my beer. But at Barfly we couldn't get *any* outdoor service except for shots, the inside looks like an 80s strip club, and there were no bar snacks or other people to look at. So it's a draw. Not great, but not a nightmare either.
2	Great location, awesome outdoor bar, but the clientele and I hate to say it, bar-staff, are pretty trashy. It's weird..
4	Even though no one else likes this place.. I'm a big fan! Can we say cheap but super yummy mojitos? And a nice ambiance for a Saturday night! I can actually hear people talk without having to sit two cms away from them or having to shout. How awesome is that? this is the chill bar that I've been looking for..  Who wants to deal with the pretentious crowd across the street at Boltinis anyway?
3	Barfly makes no sense.  I mean, who are you trying to attract?  Are you trying to get the pseudo-cosmopolitan crowd that drink classy martinis?  The frat bros?  The townies trying to look elegant?  Disaffected grad students with afros?  Barfly seems entirely schizophrenic, with two music systems (one inside, one on the patio) competing with each other, and it is chronically under-attended.  I dont' get it, it has decent drinks and a lot of potential, but it is also somewhat confused.Basically, Barfly makes about much sense as this cover song: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCBku0A_Io0I'll still give you another try, B-fly.  The drinks are great.
1	It's closed!  Thank goodness!I was hear once with some girl friends and a couple of guys started chatting us up.  During the conversation one of them started to look really ill, they were both obviously drunk, and before we knew it the ill-looking one was vomiting in the corner of our table.  It was disgusting.  We immediately notified the bartender who then mopped up the vomit with a dirty looking rag and declared the table good as new for incoming patrons.  Needless to say, we warned the next people who attempted to sit there.
