5	My A/C stopped working last July.  Cruz at CHA was recommended by Flores at Flores Air Conditioning and Heating because Flores was backed up for a week with appointments.  Cruz came out about 90 minutes after speaking with him and he walked me through the different possibilities of what might be wrong with my A/C.  He determined the compressor was going bad and given the age of the unit (17 years), probably best was to replace the entire unit outside.  He rigged up the unit to continue working and he was out the following morning at 6:30 AM to replace the unit.  Very professional work and I highly recommend CHA.
5	Want an A/C or heating repair done right? Multiple options presented to you if you need a new unit?  Then I highly recommend CHA.  A couple years ago we had a broken unit, another company came in (after making us wait), did not fix the problem and were surly on top of it.  Then we called Cruz at CHA. He was VERY fast to respond, and was able to get us going again. It was so nice to work with someone who was professional and personable. And his prices were competitive, easily beating out the competition.In addition, when an old air conditioning unit needed replacing, Cruz provided several options, different models, prices, and explained in terms we could understand the differences between the units, energy performance, warranties, etc.  It made making our decision about which unit to select so much easier.  And again, everything happened fast.  Price check? His quote easily beat anyone else's.He does duct replacement, and unit maintenance as well.  CHA is saved in my phone, and it will be the first call I make if I have any A/C or heating unit issues in the future.
5	We have been using Cruz for everything for more than 9 years. He installed all of the new air conditioners in two houses we bought, and maintained and repaired the units in our current house. He always explains the costs, and never pushes a more expensive repair. He is prompt, courteous, and very personable. We would never consider using anyone but Cruz.
