1	I apologize in advance to all my fellow Yelpers for the fury that I am about to unleash and for the swear-bombs that I am about to drop on this review. I will do my best to keep it classy, but mostly just bl**p out any bad words.GCM (yeah I'm abbreviating them) gets 0 stars on customer service. I came in for maybe 10 minutes while my friends picked up a case of Bud Light and lined up to pay. The case was overpriced in comparison to other liquor stores and super markets, yet when we asked the clerk why, he gave us a sh*tty response about how that's the price and that's how its going to be and that's the logic they follow on prices.Smart, real smart mister.But hey! This isn't even why I am giving it 1 stars (or in my mind, a million negative stars). The next day I noticed that my bracelet was missing and I started freaking out. I called the restaurant where I ate the night before and then I called GCM explaining how I was there the night before and if they had seen the bracelet or have found it.Now, as a business owner who MAY WANT CUSTOMERS in the future, you know, for profit's sake, you may want to be nice to your customers and just answer "no, sorry." if you did, in fact, not see the bracelet. Simple enough right? Well, this person went on a freaking rampage about how "if its on the floor, maybe someone picks it up" "i dont care if someone took it home" "maybe if you dropped it in our counter and you saw it there then we would return it" "i don't know who has it" and trust me- all these responses were YELLED at me with a couple swear words in it.WTF GCM? Was "no" not a sufficient answer for you to give, or did you, in fact, did see my bracelet and suddenly got real defensive about it? Do you usually yell at your customers like this? Or did you think I was assuming you stole it? What on EARTH were you thinking?Every nerve in my body wants to go on an F-bomb rampage at the end of this yelp review (which, I kinda did and then removed it), but instead i'll just say that I have learnt my lesson and will not be going back.  I'm pretty sure my review is going to get filtered or flagged, but I don't care. Some businesses deserve the help of Yelp support and love, and some, should just burn in hell.
5	Great place! I have been going there for quite a while now. The staff is very informative on rare and exclusive beer and always have some advice on what i might like to try next. The Facebook page is always updated with new arrivals, fire sales, and tastings. If you want to buy bud light, lose jewelery, and bitch about prices, then find a gas station they are everywhere, go find one! Ill be in this weekend stocking up for my pool party!Kevin Grossman
2	Went here because they were supposed to have a nice craft beer selection, which they did. However if I am going to buy premium priced beer I want it to be kept in a cooler and not just sitting out.  No, thanks, won't be back.
5	To the girl with the bracelet story - really sorry to hear about that and I would be furious as well if that happened to me.  Not going to downplay that situation....To the guy complaining about the beer not being in coolers.  Two things.  One - there's a ton of craft beer back in the coolers.  It's not all on the front shelves.  Two - just about every amazing beer selection I've ever seen has been on regular store shelves, not in coolers.  Many of the beers available there are in fact actually brewed to be consumed at room temperature.Anyway - I freakin' LOVE.  THIS.  PLACE.  Nothing better than a somewhat dirty, old schoolish liquor store right in the heart of "conservative central"....Gilbert.  Close enough for me to ride my bike, and the best craft beer selection short of Total Wine or Bevmo.....but it's growing all the time!!  Also a great selection of high end liquor and quite a bit of wine.  I talk to the owner every time I go in there, and he's always ready to show me the latest and greatest additions to the beer selection, even pulling "special" stuff out of the stock room for me at times.
5	I absolutely agree with John K. I have just recently discovered this place and am glad that I did. When all other big no character chains stores were out of a beer I was looking for, they were able to help me out. Letting me know that they had what I was looking for within a short while after posting the question to them on Facebook. Once I arrived they even let me know that they had what I wanted in the cooler section as I was grabbing some off of the shelf. Not to mention, they even went and grabbed it out of the cooler for me. Great selection of craft beer and also growler fills with empty growlers on-site. This has now become my go to spot for my craft beer needs.
1	This place is sad and pathetic anyone leaving a good review either owns a piece of this sh*t hole or never experienced good service. The 2 old men behind the counter are rude and ignorant scum. They treat you like trash from the second you enter the shop. It saddens me to know these two make a living off of being scum to their customers.
4	Tired of seeing the same ol' beer selection at our local grocery stores, we decided to head to GCM on Saturday night. Although our original intention was to get a growler filled and pick up a 6-pack, we brought a second growler just in case. Glad we did because not only in the beer selection on tap pretty massive, it's also pretty cheap. We got a couple trusty local brews that were $8.99/each (64 oz) but they had a few that were on sale for $4.99 and $5.99. Crazy!The aisles are small but the shelves are packed. So many great choices. The cold selection was pretty good too and they had the normal selection that you would find in the grocery but they also had some other non-common beers too...just what we were hoping for. The guys working were nice and service was good. (See my tip). Not quite sure why this place has $$$...It's not any more expensive than anywhere else. In fact, I think some of the beers were even cheaper here. However, if you want a single beer that's $15.99, you'll find that here as well.
4	I'm not sure why the two poor reviews were written but I'm sure they had a good reason.  However my experience at this place was very a good one. Sure the men that run the store are very straight forward and are certainly a no BS kind I people but never were they what I consider to be rude. I will certainly go back to this place
5	Best liquor location ever!    We love going here and consider it an event!   We love the family.   All of the brothers treat us awesome!   We laugh, joke, and carry on like old friends!
5	Great place, People are wonderful... family owned and small business!! Love supporting our small businesses especially in Gilbert!
4	Great beer selection, possibly the best in the eastern part of the basin! Good prices and a nice array of 5-gallon kegs for my fridge. Plus, they'll even fill your CO2. (Total Wine doesn't do that!) The only drawback, if you can even consider this a drawback, is that there's SO MUCH BEER that sometimes the tiny, crowded aisles can be difficult to navigate. I can only imagine the destruction Costanza's puffy Gore-Tex coat would cause...
5	My wife went in to pick up some special, hard to find bourbon and some KCCO beer for me because she works close by. She told me they were very nice and helpful. She forgot the receipt and I was curious about the pricing so I called them to inquire about the prices of the items. The guy that answered remembered her coming in and asked me right away if there was a problem. I said there was no problem, that I was just calling because she didn't know the prices of the items. He identified himself as one of the owners and he was very nice. We even had a conversation about the items she bought with him telling me that he really liked the bourbon. I don't know about the other reviews but this guy was very polite and nice and provided great customer service. We'll definitely shop here again.
5	This place is a hidden gem for craft beer lovers in the east valley. This is how my first time in went: They'd posted on Facebook that they just got in the first HopSlam of the season and it would go quick. I was there an hour later, walked in, asked if they had any, and they said that it had already sold out. I was disappointed, and started perusing the aisles for something to numb the pain. After a few minutes, one of the guys that worked there said he had put aside a 6 pack of the HopSlam to share with his father (I think?), but that he'd sell me two bottles out of it if I really wanted. At that point I'd never had HopSlam, so I was desperate to try it, and eagerly accepted! They won me over my first time in..Since then, every time I've been in I've had good experiences. They like talking beer. I've never felt condescended to. They make recommendations. When I ask where something is, they almost always go and get it for me instead of simply point in a direction.They have a really great selection of craft beers. They don't have a lot of space, but they are using it wisely. I routinely see things there I don't see at the larger chain liquor stores.I feel really lucky to have found this place!
5	This place is small but packed to the ceiling (literally) with ever kind of liquor (cheap and expensive) you could ever want or need.  The guys who served us was knowledgeable about his stock and great at pointing out some that I had never heard of before.  I didn't find the prices unreasonable at all.
5	Absolutely a wonderful stop for ANY beer lover(great whiskey selection too). The family that owns this place is helpful and incredibly friendly. I drive 30 miles to shop at GCM and it's always worth the drive. Beer selection is amazing and the prices are very good. Give them a shot, you won't be disappointed.
5	Amazing place the staff is always friendly and helpful. They alway hold a beer for me if I can't make it in love this place
