5	The best fish sandwiches in Pittsburgh! I found out about Miller's when a co worker suggested them for fish sandwiches during lent season. They are huge and freakin amazing!
5	Huge Menu....  Great Rainbow Trout... Others I was with were very pleased with your meals... But pasta dishes soso... mom and pop place try it you will like it
2	"grossest hostess"Okay, so you know when you go into  place and it's close to closing time?  You aren't sure whether the staff will be cordial and inviting or straight up rude.  Well my wife and I went into Millers at 9:15 pm for dinner.  The hostess was incredibly rude directly off of the bat.  she said "ughhhh you know it's close to closing time, right"?  my wife said, "what time do you close"?  The older, short blond curly haired hostess with glasses said "we close at ten".  TEN???  TEN????  They weren't closing for 45 minutes!!!!  This was the second time she did this to us and it will be the last because they have lost our business for good.  We even heard a phone ring at quarter to ten and she didn't even answer the phone, she just picked it up and snarled "closed" and hung up on the person!  Our server however, was spot on and the food was decent but the hostess or manager or whatever she was left the worst taste in our moths and spoiled Millers Seafood forever.  If you go to Miller's Seafood and you see her at the front, turn and run!
2	I have eaten here twice. Both times I thought the food was sub-par. The first time was a birthday lunch that was lousy, but I was feeling under the weather, so I gave it another try about a year later for dinner. It was just as lousy as the lunch. My wife definitely agreed, and although we can walk there in 15 minutes, we will never eat there again.
2	Okay so I tried this place twice before writing a review to give them a fair shot. Unfortunately, the second visit wasn't any better.I will start with the good. Service is pretty good.The place smells of smoke. Why? Because you can smoke in the bar and there is an opening from the bar into the restaurant. This has to be a violation of the no smoking in dining areas in Pittsburgh. Gross. The floor (carpeted) is so old that it is sticky and worn down. Walking on it with shoes on disgusted me. The walls have wall paper torn off throughout the place. Please, remodel! At least make me feel like the place is clean. If I feel like it is dirty in the dining hall, I can't imagine it's clean in the kitchen.Now for the food. I am pretty picky about seafood. It needs to be fresh and cooked correctly. Don't get the Salmon or Tuna Steak. Tuna and Salmon should be easy to get right if you just season and cook it properly. Both tasted very fishy to me. Salmon that tastes overly fishy, to me, screams "this fish is not fresh". Mashed potatoes are not made from real potatoes. Don't get them unless you are looking to eat boxed potatoes. I get it, you wanna have a mom and pop shop. But to do that you need to have great food.Overall, I just don't think this place is good, and don't want to go back.
2	After seeing a Google Offer for Miller's, my Mom mentioned how she had been there before and remembered good food and fond memories from her childhood.  So I offered to go with her and see if the food was still as good.  Once we were seated and greeted by our waitress, we presented the paperwork for our Google Offer.  The waitress handed it to the hostess.  I guess they have to call for us to redeem it/verify that it's legit.  Well apparently one of the numbers was missing off the print-out and the hostess could not have been more rude about it.  In the end she talked to someone and figured it out, but she made it seem like we did something wrong.  Or, she could have told us there was a problem but then politely taken care of it since it is her job and there wasn't much else going on for her to do.  Or she could have talked to someone in the first place and quietly resolved the matter without us even knowing there was a problem to begin with.  I later noticed signs up all over the place about restrictions with restaurant.com offers - I guess they have several patrons who use those regularly.  Apparently with this kind of reception, no one wants to pay full price.Mom and I both ordered the fish sandwich with mac n cheese.  The mac n cheese was creamy and the fish sandwich was a large portion and very tasty.  I ended up having to eat mine with a knife and fork, not even attempting to lift and eat it as a sandwich.  We left with full and happy tummies.To comment on previous reviews....yes, this is not the cleanest place.  But I expected that and find it part of the charm.  The smoke from the bar is no longer an issue as a closed door separates the bar area from the dining room.Overall, it was a larger than average portion for a good fish sandwich.  I'd like to give it 3 stars at least, but the whole attitude from the hostess still left a bad taste in my mouth that the mac n cheese couldn't wash away.
2	I've been there twice, and they have yet to impress me. The decor is old and dingy at best, the seats are gross, and the carpet looks to be 30 years old and identified to my grandma's. My biggest issue was the food. I just assumed that a sea food restaurant would serve fresh fish, but I was sadly mistaken. Every meal I, or friends, have had here was poorly prepared, greasy, and clearly had been frozen for an extended period of time.The only plus side of the place was that it was dirt cheap, but be prepared to get what you pay for.
2	I don't really mind dive places because there are times that they have really good food.  The place is dated and could use updating.The waitress was good.  I think she knew we weren't all that pleased with our food even though we told her it was good.The food....my daughter-in-law had the shrimp scampi.  We are pros at making our own at home, but when it was served, I told her that there are variations to it.  Her first bite she made a sour face.  My son and I then tasted it...understood the face after that.  Way too much lemon juice in it, soaked in oil and not quite sure what the seasoning was, but seemed like pesto.  The pasta was overcooked and the shrimp just sort of were there. My son and I had the fried seafood platter.  Aside from overcooked breading and soaked in grease, the oysters were raw, and the battered fish had no flavor.  The breaded shrimp tasted weird too.  Needless to say, none of us finished our food. Underneath the food, the plate had a puddle of grease. On the upside, the coleslaw, bread, and crab cake was good.  The make and cheese was edible, but seemed to comparable to Stauffer's.This was our first, and more than likely, our last, visit.  For a $65 dollar meal, it wasn't worth $10. .
3	I've been going to Miller's since I was just a little tyke.  Unfortunately, over the years, this joint has gone downhill.  I think I really began to notice it when they put a big tv in the dining area.  Now you can imagine that you're home in front of your own tv while you dine.  Holy Hell.  It's a mess.  The food isn't nearly as good as it once was.  The pierogi special is good if it's on the menu - they are Pierogi Plus pierogies.  The bread is Bread Work's bread, so that's good.  My favorite thing on the menu used to be the devonshire, but only the brave try it these days.  In the grand scheme of life, this place is a fine local blue collar restaurant, but compared to the days of old the food is just blah.ps. The ladies who wait here are always and have always been the nicest of folk.
2	I worked at millers back in the nineties. The fish was fresh every day from wholeys, the bread was fresh everyday from mancini's, and the perogies were made by little old babushka women at St. George's down the street. It was a great place to eat. People cared about the food and it showed. I can only attribute it's decline to a change in ownership. I stopped in to satisfy a craving for fish and was very disappointed by the grease pile I got instead. I used to be proud to cook there. Now I wouldn't put it on a resume for fear that people have experienced it lately.
