4	Good old fashioned diner food with a generous all you can eat prime rib and butterfly shrimp on Saturdays.
5	I have been here twice, both times for breakfast. Both times I was *very* happy. I had the greek omelette (feta cheese, spinach, you know the deal) and thought I had died and gone to omelette heaven. Best I ever had. It came with this delicious tzaziki-type sauce on the side, which I should have brought home with me (I did finish the omelette at the restaurant). The second time I had this very interesting strawberry fritter french toast. I love french toast and all things sugary, and this was definitely sweet. It sort of had a filling (that was the strawberry part). It was delicious, but not for those who claim they don't like sweets. The service is terrific, very fast and genuine. The coffee is hot and just right. You'll likely be surrounded by various old men (with the occasional younger man sprinkled in), but these old guys know a good breakfast when they find one.
5	If you have not been here go. Best breakfast in Dane county. I work out of state and every time I get to town this is my first stop. If I get in town at 2 am I am up at 7 for breakfast. Bring and tell your friends you wont regret it.
4	How pleasantly surprised I was to find this old school greasy spoon ( and I say that as a compliment). This is the kind of place I remember fondly from my youth in NJ.  No pretension, no gimmicks, just honest food done well.  I had one of the specials - an omelet with cilantro, chorizo, green and red peppers and onions.  It was perfect.  Perhaps my favorite part about my breakfast was the hash brown potatoes. At many places like this, they are soggy and undercooked.  Not only were they spiced well, but they were crispy as well.  That's no joke with breakfast potatoes!    In any case, I've been back twice in a week and a half, and plan on returning often.  Don't let the exterior or decor fool you; they make good food in that tiny building.
4	I love local hometown eateries. So when we were looking for a place for lunch while on the road, the Prairie Diner called out to us. Inside looks like a 50s diner with stainless steel lunch counter and cozy booths. Judging by the area around it, it can be that old but at least it looks authentic.  The service was prompt and friendly, even the cook greeted us when we walked in the front door which appears to be the back door as you enter near the back of the kitchen and restrooms. The young cook even said thank you on our way out. I don't think I've ever seen that before, I figured he must be the owner.The wife ordered the ultimate omelette, I had the perch lunch. They even had a perch breakfast on the menu that comes with eggs. Only in Wisconsin! The atmosphere and service made you feel right at home. The food was just average. We're not complaining, other things are as important as the food in a restaurant. Much more memorable than a stop at McDonald's next door.
5	This is just a tiny restaurant with a real family feel. We came for a late breakfast on a Sunday. The waitstaff were quick to help us. We chose seats at the counter. There were many specials, breakfast, lunch, soups, biscuits and gravy, lots of diner food. We sat among the regulars and were treated like one of the family. The husband had eggs, hashbrowns and toast-all cooked to perfection. I had a pancake that was huge and so delicious-just like dessert for breakfast. The prices are reasonable, the food plentiful and the atmosphere is very friendly. Nothing fancy, just good food.We will be going back.
5	My husband and I stopped in here on a freezing Sunday morning.  It's a small place,  but doesn't seem too crowded.  We had eggs benedict, and it was VERY good. Prices  they charged were more than reasonable for the quality of food,   and the waitstaff was super nice. As people who drink coffee black,  it's very hard to find small places like this that you need no cream or sugar to make the coffee palatable,  and luckily this was one such place. So really,  nice atmosphere, good food, nice waitstaff,  don't even bother going anywhere else for breakfast.
5	I would move closer to this place if it was an option. I have enjoyed, more than I can say, everything I've eaten here. I had friends in town so ended up going there two mornings in a row. Saturday I had the Veggie Benedict (instead of the meat layer, it's a mix of tomatoes, mushrooms, onions, and peppers). I love a good Eggs Benedict and always try the different versions, but this is the best ever. Sunday I went back to my old friend, the greek omelette, and it was as good as ever. We sat in a booth on Saturday and then at the counter on Sunday. The coffee was hot and constantly being topped-up.
5	This is a Sun Prairie tradition.Local folks running a local diner.The food is good with very down to earth service.
5	Best breakfast in town. One of those great old-school diners that knows how to make a good meal and make you feel at home. The prices are also some of the best I've ever seen for the awesome quality. I recommend the Greek omelette.
1	I'm not sure what all the rave reviews for this place are about. Some of the food was decent like the bacon deluxe omelette; but the service was slow and the waffle was served cold.  Also, when I originally ordered the quiche Lorraine I was told it would be another 10 minutes before it would be done, but there was a piece of the veggie quiche available, so I ordered the veggie quiche and  we still waited almost 30 minutes to get our food!!!! You should never have to wait that long at a diner!! If you like fake, half melted cheese, cold waffles, slow service and supporting a small local business go here. If you want good food, more of a variety, faster service and less expensive for what you get, go somewhere else.
