5	Beats any other soul food in Vegas. They are right out of Louisiana and make you feel welcome as soon as you hit the door. Great Prices and Food.
5	I was randomly craving soul food today so looked up soul food restuarants that were near me. Almost went to grannys but they were not open yet, and im glad  or i would have never found this place. this place has amazing food! and the service was great. they were so nice and friendly. took a while but the food is fresh and made to order. I would suggest calling in first. I ordered 4 fried wings (which are huge by the way!) collards greens, okra, and dirty rice and all were awesome. I brought the food back to my office and the aroma had the whole office buzzing. Im sure ill be going back there soon. I wish I wasnt such a health freak or I would be eating there everyday!!!!
2	Meh.  My thoughts exactly.  The place was totally dead, so they had to warm up the oil and pans just to make our food, which took forever.  The girl there was nice but completely dry and too busy watching Maury to bother making us feel at home.  The super-steroid chicken wings were fine, except they had no seasoning at all.  Same for the fried okra.  The only enjoyable food we had was a sausage Po'boy, but the tasty sauce was just thrown in.  I had more of it on me and the fries than was inside the sandwich.  For that price we would have been better off going to Canes or KFC for some real flavor.  There was nothing Cajun about this place at all.
4	Don't walk - run - to Mr. Willy's.  My co-workers and I eat here at least once a week.  I LOVE their catfish and the greens are swimming in fatback.  Yum, yum.  I call ahead so the order is ready when we arrive.
5	limited menu but everything is good. They cook from scratch, so don't be in a  hurry. Food  and service excellent , as other reviews that I read.  Love the chicken and catfish
4	I went here today and ordered the catfish 5 piece with 2 sides and a order of 3 piece chicken.. The catfish meal was really good, the sides I had were greens and red beans and rice. The lemonade was SO good!!! Even the fries and toast were good..The chicken was ok, it could use more seasoning or at least some salt. He is turning the inside of the business into a mini market as well as a chicken and fish place so its kind of crampy. I didnt like the fact that I wanted potato salad and bread pudding but they were out.. overall my experience was good! ill go back again.. well phone in my order, it took 20 minutes for my food to be done and its also kind of pricey..  and would love to see a fish and shrimp combo (maybe 2 piece fish or 3 and 6 shrimp) that isnt 16 or 24 dollars.. GREAT FOOD!! and its rare for las vegas...
5	Make the journey here (for me it is west side of LV) Awesome food. Had the Red beans and rice which had Ox tail meat. Catfish is wonderful and the greens as well. I highly recommend this!
1	Well, ever since Mr. Willy's closed I can no longer recommend their Cajun food.  I called to make an order and they never answered,  So we went over there and the door was locked.  How do they expect to stay in business if they keep going out of business?  Sheesh!
