5	Dr. Ashley was referred to me by a friend whom I've always admired for being what I like to call "effortlessly ageless." At first, I was nervous to trust my face to someone new; after all it is my face. But immediately upon meeting Dr. Ashley, her comforting and confident manner reassured me I made the right decision in coming to her for fillers and Botox. Dr. Ashley's attention to detail is unparalleled; she even knew by looking at my face that one side would need a little more Botox than the other (two months later and she was right all along!) I admire her knowledge and value her vast experience PLUS she is truly a joy to be around! Something tells me that Dr. Ashley will quickly go from the new doctor in town to THE doctor in town!
5	Love, love, love Dr. Ashley & Janelle. Always in the know about latest techniques and products. Botox and fillers are everywhere, but the difference at Med Boutique is the artistry. You should always look like a fresher version of yourself-not frozen.  I want to thank Med Boutique for improving my outer self. There is definitely a correlation with looking good and feeling confident.
5	Best Service, best doctor, best facial, best Botox, best skincare products, best customer service. Dr. Ashley, Janelle, and Casie are awesome! Dr. Ashley keeps you looking like you--only an enhanced version of you!
5	I love EVERYTHING about going here. Everyone is always very nice and Dr. Ashley is extremely knowledgeable. I went to Amanda for the first time for my facial and I continue to get so many compliments on my skin. I even had questions before I went in and emailed the generic email and Janelle was very quick to respond and answer my questions. Janelle even went out of her way to contact me after my appt regarding a payment question. I also love that after my facial Dr. Ashley came by to see how everything went and what I thought about the facial. I will definitely continue to go to Med Boutique!
5	My first experience with this office as a whole, from the first phone call to get info to making a consult and finally going in has been AMAZING! This really is a hidden jewel that (the selfish part of me) wants it to stay that way, on the other hand more than ever (the generous part) I want to scream bout it to the rooftops all over CLT.Cassie at the front has a welcoming smile and personality to boot! Janelle and (her MOM) Dr. Ashley are just sweethearts. Plus the mother daughter duo work together perfectly. Nothing but wonderful things to say! Please check this place out for any needs to just make yourself feel pampered & well hell just to feel better :)
5	Absolutely love this place! You instantly feel at ease and happy the second you walk in the door. Such a personable, fun and sincere staff! Dr.Ashley is a true master at what she does. This is the best Med Spa I've ever been to, and would love to spend every day there, as they're not only fun to talk to, they know how to make you look and feel beautiful!They also have great specials and their prices are really affordable.
5	What a wonderful experience! I went in for the pumpkin facial. I was greeted by Janells & soon found out I could get my eyebrows shaped too. SOLD! I met Lisa & we proceeded to go over my concerns & needs as this was my 1st time there. All I can say is she is excellent at what she does. She pays attention to detail & I was so relaxed I almost fell asleep! THAT NEVER happens! I for sure thought I was going to be red & splotchy after but nope, I was glo'ing & felt amazing. I will def be spreading the word. Extremly happy with the results. A++
5	Everyone at Med Boutique is helpful and amazing! Casie got me checked right in and  was very helpful (did you know your FSA may cover some procedures? I didn't - but Casie did!) Janelle led me upstairs to the treatment room, and helped calm my needle-jitters. Dr. Ashley did an amazing job with my injections and it was a really great experience! Their Walk-In Wednesday special on Botox is a great deal and the B-12 shot has really boosted my energy! I will DEFINITELY be back!
