3	Looks good! Previously suite 301. Minus the lights, crazy music and noise! Patio rocks as usual!
4	Went on a Sat night and they had 50% off all drinks until 10pm. After 10pm the drinks were still reasonably priced. (Full price for a glass of wine and a mixed drink was $9) Very laid back earlier in the evening, but started picking up some around 11pm. Mixed crowd ranging from early 20's to mid 40's. Some dancing, but not too loud to have a conversation and sitting out on the patio was great. Our server, Samantha, was awesome and we were never left with an empty glass.We will be coming back again!
4	This place might not be the hottest place on Mill St, but it sure isn't bad and it is cost-effective. If you arrive early enough the drinks are cheap and the service is nice. The only complaint I had was that I was out on the rooftop (as the whole place is NOT out on the rooftop) and it was quite loud, too loud for the number of people. I understand that this functions as part of the establishments dance floor, but if nobody is inclined to dance, and it obviously is turning out to be a mingle (at least initially) then maybe not blast dance music so loud.. or maybe I am just getting to be old and cranky. It's a possibility I do admit. It could even be plausible. Ok, so I am old and I like to have my drink on while talking about times passed. Regardless, I still liked the rooftop.The rooftop lounge seems to be a great place if you just want a place to go and hang out. When bottle service starts at $50, that includes somewhere to sit (I assume) a cheap bottle of vodka and a self motivating server. I think it's a winning concept for sure. I haven't tried this prerogative yet, but I plan to.
3	This was stop number 3 (and last) last night on my awesome pre St. Paddy's drinking times, probably got here around 11:30 or 12 ish. This bar was busy, but not so busy you couldn't move, so I liked that. They gave out cards in the lobby for free shots with drink purchase. I had the shot and thought it was pretty good. The vibe is upbeat and fun and the dancing was nice. The actual rooftop portion of the bar is so nice because it's not too warm despite all of the people dancing out there. I'm not sure if it was because we had already had several beverages last night before getting to this bar, but I had the best time here of the 3 bars (really 4, but Macayo's doesn't count) that we went to (Robbie Fox, Fat Tues, and here). If on Mill, I would return.
2	After reading reviews I thought this would be a good place to drink at night but was I wrong! My boyfriend and I came in from so cal for spring training and the people who go to this bar look pretty trashy. There were these white trash older women dancing so ridiculously especially for their age. The bar both inside and out looked unfortunate; not as visually appealing as I was expecting.
2	Same old song. Not much new. I have always thought that spot has SO MUCH potential as an more exclusive, live music venue. Or maybe just a penthouse apartment. Plus, that patio is the best on Mill. It just seems redundant as far as bar concepts go. And really (at the end of the day) its on the third floor of that building, so no one will ever be there except on late weekend nights... after everything else gets too packed.
3	Rooftop? Don't you mean Suite 301?
5	The view is always best from the top!! I love the view from up top on the 3rd floor looking down on Mill Ave. I usually end my night at Rooftop with the best DJ's on Mill Ave, casual atmosphere and best drink specials. The owner is a great guy and always a pleasure to see!
2	I think this place needs to be on Bar Rescue...so much potential yet lacking in so many areas. A few weeks ago I witnessed a girl  waiting for service at the bar so long she reached behind the counter, took an entire bottle of booze and put it in her purse... Yeah...
2	This is a mixed review.  This place has some good things going for it, and they missed the mark in a few areas. First, great location.  RIght above Hooter's in downtown Tempe with a rooftop deck.  Very cool.  Will be back next time the weather is perfect (;like right about now) and hang out up there.  Next, the people were really friendly, which is another big deal when I deciding on whether or not I like a place.  SO good on this angle.  Very friendly and attentive.  Now, they only serve one type of food (brats) and my issue is (a) it took forever to actually get on (like 45 minutes) and (2) not very tasty on the brats (I didn't even see a condiments bar unless I missed it).  I bought two dawgs, one for me and one for a friend, and I took a bite of one and left them sitting on the counter (no good at all).  I think with due respect those need to be changed out PRONTO!!  Get some Kobe beef franks, and some sliders so you have at least a basic menu.  And it can't be that hard to crank out some nachos.  ONce you get that nailed, you should take on the hooters wings (the floor below).  Theirs are good not great.So, hopefullly there willl be some improvements coming, and once that does, I will be a bigger fan.
1	I don't appreciate yelp posting this bar for every search I do obviously they are paying money to be the top searchWait to poison the authenticity of this website
1	Here goes... And I sincerely hope Steve Baltz reads this...I was just here on Saturday night with my boyfriend and three other friends. We chose this bar to partake in our 'Halloween' festivities this weekend. I had never been here before, but a couple of my friends had and they said it was neat. Being a huuuge fan of Bar Smith and the overall rooftop bar concept, I was really excited to go here. But now I cannot say I will ever be back. They did a Halloween contest contest which was extremely poorly ran. First of all, they kept mixing up the prize money. One announcement said first place was $300 and one said it was $500. Very confusing. My friends and I thought why not, let's enter! We went up to the DJ booth where you are supposed to enter, and the DJ looked at us like we were crazy when we asked him about it. Not sure if he couldn't hear us over the music. But he looked at us and then just continued to spin! Really weird dude, and he honestly seemed like he was on something. He put our names down with our costumes. Okay, whatever.Then comes contest time and everyone is supposed to go to the stage. We get to the stage, it's a huge cluster fuck. Lots of dudes names were being called, and in particular one guy who everyone cheered for. Then we heard the guy who was running the contest say "and our last contestant is." WTF? Me and my other two friends' names never got called. So the contest ended and first and second place went to TWO DUDES. TWO DUDES. Ummm way to make the contest a total sausage fest. Isn't the point to have at least one hot girl win? Or at least showcase some hot ladies?? Terrible marketing strategy for a lounge. Okay... Still not super mad at this point. Also, note that there was a first and second place. So what happened to third place that was supposed to get $100???After the contest we go up to the guy running it who is standing there with the guy who won, obviously his friend (what a surprise). And we told him that we signed up and never got to go. He looked at his list of names and shrugged. Then we complained some more like what the hell man, and he just said "ill buy you drinks" or something like that and shooed us away. Needless to say, we never got those drinks and usually when you TELL someone they can drink on the house you WALK with them up to the bar and get them a fucking drink. Real classy dude. I was extremely annoyed with the way this guy treated us, whoever he is. And mind you, I am a completely understandable person. Had our names hadn't been called on accident and he sincerely offered to make up for it, that would have been totally fine and I would have appreciated it so much!When you run a bar, you need to have good customer service, and when you make a mistake you need to make up for it. That's definitely not what happened, and it took everything in me to not poor my gin on this dude and get kicked out at that moment. But we brushed it off and danced a bit longer. I will never go back here again because of the way we were treated. I will tell all my friends to not come here as well. Very trashy place IMO. You can add all the nice decor you want, but if you treat your guests like shit, it will show through that you're not the establishment you claim to be.
2	This could be a cool place if the DJ played music that actually was popular within the last 3 years. He should destroy his playlist and reevaluate why he became a DJ.
4	This place is beautiful. It's 1/2 outside on a rooftop with nice views, and 1/2 inside with also nice views! I loved the split because if the weather isn't pleasant you can always do inside, but if the weather is nice you have the rooftop patio option. :)Getting in and up is fairly easy. Look for the sign hanging in the walkway near Gringos. There's a man standing there who'll check your ID and mark your arm. There wasn't a line and he was nice! Then you're allowed to go inside to take the stairs or an elevator up. Once up, it's pretty chic and somewhat dim, like a retro penthouse. Now although this place was decorated and presented nicely, the attire of everyone there was way too casual. Most everyone wore pants and a tank top or shorts and it was a Saturday night, come on people! The place was great though despite the odd crowd.Inside is a long bar with couches against the large glass windows with lovely views. There's also a dance floor thank goodness. But the DJ only played electronic music, no hip hop. :(The bathroom was interesting. The ceiling was covered with black and white images of famous icons like Elvis, Monroe, Hepburn, Clooney, etc. Not sure about the men's of course. Should of popped my head in there. :P Outside is more of a mingle type atmosphere. To me that's boring and I'd rather dance, but I'm sure many people like that option. You can mingle and talk inside but the music is kind of loud (more of a club atmosphere in there). Outside is more of a lounge vibe, where you can lean against the edge of the rooftop and talk romantically to your significant other or person you're trying to pick up, whatever floats your boat. But it's nice regardless.Obviously, I liked this place and will be back. :D
1	My husband has a tattoo on his neck and chest and was not allowed into this establishment.  Very very upsetting and frustrating when the tattoos are not offensive and just represent Arizona.  Discrimination at its finest will never return!!!
1	As I get off of the elevator there is a sign that states $3 beer and shot all night and $3 well and all beers until 10 pm. Go to the bar and try to order and the bartender says we only have B1G1. They don't even offer what they advertise. Drinks aren't even good and you can get anything B1G1. Great view but find somewhere else.
5	Good place to get your drink on! Cheap specials and awesome rooftop patio for people watching or dancing the night away!
