4	Bought their pecan/cranberry bread, it's really good. My sister bought their sourdough baguette, and she was pleased as well. She's quite the picky coffee/bread/food person, so I guess this was something to hear from her. I have to add she's an excellent cook/baker so I suppose the  pickiness  comes with that. Nice little square to sit & enjoy your coffee/pastry/croissant etc , go for a stroll in Ontario Village afterwards.
4	Was here in July 2012.  I was a great neighborhood find.  Amazing freshly-made pastries...forget what you know about almond croissants and go for the pistachio - the best when fresh outta the oven.  The other side of the store is a gourmet market with fresh cheeses and such.  Good for breakfast and lunch or just a little caffeine.  I believe the closest subway stop is Joliette.  You will wish you had such a nice cafe in your own hood.
5	Been to this Hochelaga gem a couple of times now. If I lived closer, I would be a regular. Their pistachio croissants are ridiculously good. Their baguettes are great too. I haven't tried their sandwiches, but they look tasty and seem like to be good value for the money. I had a pretty good coffee here, and the service was as friendly as it gets. If you're heading up to check out Value Village, do yourself a favor and swing by this place on the way home. You won't regret it.
5	Tasty breads and local cheeses.Add to that a terrace, coffee, pastries + hearty sandwiches and you have a winning combo of awesome..at least imho.Worth a visit, or 500.I really like cheese.
5	If you're on your way to the botanical gardens, then stop by here quickly for some of the most delicious Croissants I've ever had for a nice energy boost. I found this place on yelp and was initially skeptical of the raving reviews, especially during the long walk from the Botanical Gardens down the street. But once I got here, I can tell quickly that the journey was well worth it! The bakery shop is separated into 3 parts: an outdoor seating area, an indoor cheese emporium, and an indoor bakery. While I may not be a cheese expert, the sweet scent of the baked French breads cannot be mistaken.I tried both the butter Croissants and the unique pistachio croissants and they were absolutely phenomenal (I preferred the butter croissant, but I'm a traditionalist). The staff were also very friendly and served some of the best coffee I've had as well (black, no sugar).Overall, this place was worth the walk and the exploration and a definite place to visit if you're around the area.Food: 5 starsPrice: 5 starsAmbiance: 4 starsService: 4 stars
5	Very nice bakery/cafe with excellent sandwiches and pastries.  We enjoyed breakfast here--a croissant sandwich with eggs, brie and ham makes your average American cafe pale by comparison.   Bustling atmosphere but quiet.  Pistachio croissants, chocolate croissants are  superb.  Lots of other choices as well.... Even early on  a Saturday morning this place was busy--no wonder.  Service was friendly, efficient, and all staff spoke English.
5	This is a trendy little bakery situated right in Place Simon Valois.  While I didn't stop in here for lunch the terrasse looked like a great place to grab lunch or coffee.I got a flute although it was hard to resist not getting any of their pastries as they all looked and smelled very good.  Something to try for the next time I guess!  The bread was really good and it definitely leaves me wanting to go back and try more of their products.
5	Tried the croissant today after reading here about how good it was and it was awesome.  It must not have been out of the oven that long because it was still warm making it even better!
5	I walked past this place a number of times before realizing it was a boulangerie as the sign makes it look like it might be a designer furniture store or something, but when I realized what it was and tried their croissants, I was sold.  They are open at six in the morning and have fresh, buttery, fluffy croissants coming on trays out of the oven all day.  Best croissants in Montreal! Make sure you try the one with blue cheese. Their coffees are good too, and fairly priced.
5	Went there twice for breakfast on our visit to Montreal initial based on the recommendations from our AirBnB host. Very fresh pastries and outstanding coffee. The sandwiches looked appetizing as well, and co-located with the cafe is a small shop selling bread and cheese.
4	Bon endroit pour un croissant, un pain de boulangerie et du fromage. Le personnel est toujours souriant. Peu de places assises sont disponibles.
