4	Old school sumptuous setting. Great food.Buuut the service was a let down.  I think Grace summed up the entire experience rather poignantly in her review (we had dinner there together). I, on the other hand, rather enjoyed the lengthy descriptions about the wine, if only because of the entertainment value. My wine palette is just not developed enough to appreciate whichever 'famous' wine grower grew the wine and in precisely what region of where it was grown. I treated it as like a little story telling although we'd forgotten the stuff he said at the beginning by the time he got to the end... ok.. maybe they DID go on a little long.  All of this not aided by the fact that he was so soft spoken, you couldn't hear him half the time.Stand out dish was the rabbit ravioli, the rest of the food was good but I would expect nothing less from this calibre of restaurant. And to be honest I was expecting a little more 'WOW'... Having stolen tastes of G&S's wine pairing, I think D & I were glad we'd passed on the option and just chose a bottle of wine to go with dinner.Also beware the after dinner drinks trolley as nothing is priced and imagine our surprise to find that our dram of whiskey cost the same as our bottle of wine! All in all a fun night out but feel like I got a lot more bang for my buck at The Honours where we'd been the month before.
4	Went to The Pompadour with my folks.  Like the previous reviewers have mentioned the food was exquisite.  I too had the Rabbit Ravioli and it was mighty fine.  The decor is very high end but also a bit old school.  The views from the dining room are good.The one thing that did feel a bit cold was the service, it did feel we were dining in the 1930's with way too many 'Sir's and Madame's'  it would do them a favour if they gauged their audience a bit better, however, I fear that they constantly expect the Michelin reviewer and act accordingly.So, in summary the experience is as you would expect of this kind and price of restaurant.  The food is excellent but the atmosphere is a bit more stuffy then it needs to be.
4	We've been here once before and a wonderful full-marks time. This time they lost a star for a few quibbles. Tonight was my birthday....!Firstly, the food was, again, exquisite. My Skye crab, avocado and melon gazpacho was the stand-out dish of the night - totally delicious, perfectly balanced and very generously portioned in the crab department. I didn't want it to end....My wife's rabbit caesar was also good. Of our fishy mains, my monkfish and langoustine raviolini was best, with my wife's stone bass, 2 pea and razor clam cannelloni coming v close second. We couldn't do dessert because we'd had a family lunch and were full, so we opted to finish our wine and get the bill....Niggles were;  we felt we waited too long firstly from being seated to actually getting menus! Secondly too long to get starters and also to get mains...Thirdly just the time between requesting the cheque and actually receiving it. Not major issues but in an establishment with the volume of staff for silver service in a barely occupied place, we missed the more irreverent, informal but still professional service we'd enjoyed on our previous visit, which, indeed, was our reason for a return.Our biggest niggle was that on booking we'd requested one of the 2 window tables overlooking the castle, as it was a birthday. We were told they were booked so NO. Only one of them was occupied all night long, which made us sad, as we'd coveted those tables and told friends about them etc since our first visit.We had a lovely night, with each other, and lovely food, and only really felt let down by less memorable service and a requested table issue on a special occasion. I'd still recommend a visit for the pure value and quality, to anyone. Go.
