4	What can you say - it's an Arby's - but damn I miss Arby's now that there isn't one in San Francisco.  So this one is cleaner than the one I always go to in Santa Monica so hence the four stars...
2	If you are going to do fast food you could do far worse than Arby's. I enjoy the traditional roast beef sandwich(s) and I am in love with Horsey Sauce. This horseradish sauce is so good it should be reclassified as a "beverage".What would normally be a four-star rating drops to two-stars at this location because the service is so poor. I work near this Arby's so frequently someone in the office makes an "Arby's run". It is a rare day that the order is correct. Inevitably some items are missing, prepared wrong or there are overcharges on the bill. In addition to the inaccuracy of the service the employees are SLOW! It is hard to get in and out in under 15 minutes, even if you are only getting a soda. I had noticed that they have a pattern in their service. 1) Take an order from the customer2) Wait till that order is complete and delivered to the customer3) Take the next order for the next customerYes, the counter person will actually ignore the people staring blankly in line and wait by the pass-through window for the sandwiches on order.Please note, my dissatisfaction is only with this location. Other Arby's are run efficiently, yet for some reason this unit has a manager that is not detail oriented. This is evident from the advertising poster quoting " 'tis the season to give Arby's gift cards", a poster that should not have been hanging up in late June. Worse than the lack of attention given to the advertising art is the manager's lack of attention to the store's sanitation. It is -- at best -- grimy. Where floor meets wall there is a dark build-up of mop residue; what we in the industry call "mop slop". This staining tells me they mop the dining room floors with dirty water. Table bases and chairs have not been wiped down in moths (or years) and there is a staining on the walls from when smoking was permitted in restaurants. I can only imagine what the kitchen looks like.In conclusion I'll say I like Arby's, but this store lacks the service and management to match the standards of the chain. If you do go there check your order and your receipt before leaving.
4	Growing up in the Bay Area, we hardly ever went to Arby's (the only one I remember was near Tanforan). So when we moved here, we went to this fast-food restaurant chain a little more. When I was pressed for time, in my 20s, this was often a staple. But through the years, it seems like many branches are closing. Sad. This one located in between Katie and Flamingo on Maryland, is a little dated, but it's spacious, and there is a bathroom in the back (clean for the most part). The sauce pumping station also has napkins (you pump the sauce into little cardboard cups). You can get horsey sauce, mmm, or ketchup.Enter fast-food research (calories, fat, etc.) recently and beef cravings (I eat mostly chicken and turkey). We went here on wednesday night (and had some grocery shopping to do at Sam's Club). There was a couple other customers besides us including the drive-thru window- it was empty (could be because people like McD's better because it's cheaper maybe). We both got combos and it was a little less than $13.00. We both got the french dip sandwiches except my husband got the curly fries and I got the potato cakes. My husband said the sandwiches were smaller than they used to be (and mentioned that he was still a little hungry afterward). I liked the soft french roll, thinly sliced beef, and the au jous sauce (plus it's one of the better things you can can have on the menu, check the nutrition part online). And I have always loved the potato cakes, perfectly golden and crisp on the outside, and softer inside (the ham and cheese was also one of my favorites too). Free Refills on drinks. I guess because it was pretty much dead, we didn't encounter any problems like Bruce D. Cashier was nice too, BTW. You can tell the workers were bored, because one of them was cleaning the rest of the tables, and he asked how we were doing when he passed us. Another customer came in by the time we left. When we passed by again, business seemed to have picked up because there were more cars in the parking lot and there were customers in the drive-thru window too (and this was around 7:30/8 pm).
1	Add another fast food restaurant that I will never eat at again.  I was unhappy with the food last couple of times I was there. Today was the last straw: got a roast beef,  two potato cakes and Pepsi...all were disgusting! If there were a zero, that's what I give this restaurant!
