5	Great customer service.. Trying new Pan pizza
5	After a long and hard search and eating MANY LOUSY pizza's... FINALLY SUCCESS! Which is odd for us because where we moved to Las Vegas from Domino's had low scale pizza... I was kind of leery about ordering delivery pizza again after MANY FAILED pizza's from other places... But it was HOT!! FRESH!!! VERY YUMMY!! The driver was Very Friendly and even gave us great tips of what else to do here in Vegas besides the strip! I will DEFINITELY order from here again!  We were SO pleased to finally  cure the pizza cravings!! THANK YOU!!!
4	I really have not been a fan of Dominos but I really like the recent changes they  have made. The crust is way better than before, the sauce is more robust and the cheese is fantastic. I personally enjoy the Handmade Pan pizza with BBQ sauce, chicken, pineapple and mushrooms. The price is comparable to lower end quality pizza joints and Dominos blows all them out of the water. Its hot, fresh, and delivered on time.
2	Kinda is hard to write this cuz I was always a fan of dominos, they've made some good changes to the pizza and I enjoyed them.  However..tonight is not about the pizza. My kids and there friends didn't want pizza after football practice(they are 14) so they decided on subs/sandwhiches.  I ordered 3 hot subs and an order of pasta.  I was soooo disappointed when I got my order and saw the size of the subs and pasta portion.  So very small, they boys were like...ok, wheres the rest of it.  Seriously, didn't even fill them up.  Ended up having to go to subway for 5 dollar footlongs to fill them up. on the plus side, they said the dominos subs tasted good, just need to be bigger. all in all it was a waste of 30 some odd dollars, well more cuz I had to fork out 15 and some change at subway.  Doubt we will be ordering here again.
1	I was really disappointed when I ordered here. I placed an online order and I thought the dominoes tracker was really cool. But when 30 mins passed by after the dominoes tracker said it was being delivered by Jose I  called to see when my pizza would arrive. The girl on the phone told me it should be any min but any min turned into 10 mins. When the driver arrived it wasnt even jose it was a different person. After she gave me my order she told me that their printer wasn't working so she didn't have my receipt. Really? When I got my pizza it was already getting cold and so was the boneless chicken. So much for getting it fresh. First and last time I order from this place.
