4	Good vibe, great tapas. Dimmed lights, always busy busy. Better make a reservation. A little bit on the pricy side of things, but worth it. Good for a romantic evening.Great carte des vins. Yes, yes and yes to the Vieras con higos...
5	Try the lamb filet mignon! The deserts are simply awesome too! It's as good as it gets.
1	There is nothing that would make me go back to this restaurant. Our experience was horrendous, we were treated very rudely by the owner himself who took our reservations for 10, yet chastised us as if we were small school girls when we arrived that he never takes reservations over 8 . He wouldn't even let us finish our sentences, interrupting us at every turn!My issue is not with the party limit but with arrogant and reproachful tone. As a business owner myself, I would never think of speaking to a customer this way.With so many lovely restaurants in Montreal, why support a business which treats its own clients as dirt!?
3	We stumbled into this place on a random weeknight while exploring the plateau and had the absolutely most awesome server. He chatted with us about how this place was the first tapas place in Montreal etc etc and so we were very excited to try the food!We had the scallops with figs (not so amazing), the mushrooms (good), the asparagus with cheese (very good), the lamb (amazing), the chocolate churros (good), and something else I can't quite remember..Although the atmosphere is nice and the food is ok, nothing beats Pintxo when it comes to tapas.So, give this place a try, but after go to Pintxo and you'll definitely see, taste, and feel the difference!
2	We came to this place for a birthday, the service was incompetent . My guests were disappointed in the food as so was I . Everything was bland. Tapas is small portions and not cheap. Save yourself the trouble and go to pintxo.
3	I had high expectations for this place but maybe that's because I had heard people rant about it over and over again... but I was truly disappointed. The waiter was extremely nice and helpful while choosing our wine from the wine list. He gave us his opinion on food as well. The food was tasty but nothing that was out of this world (like Pinxto). For the price it cost, I wouldn't go back. I'm glad I tried it but I wasn't ... honestly, I was "blah" about everything. That's the best I can put it. It was "whatever"
