3	Ladlow offers a diverse selection of quality wood furniture at reasonable price. It even a better place to go when they are on sale!Last summer we bought a old style heavy wooden desk that was originally priced at $1,500. We eventual got the unit for less then $900. Get deal and would recommend them to anyone. They're nice to boot!
5	I recently bought a library wall from Ladlows and I was extremely pleased with the quality and customer service. They  delivered it when they said they would and it looks great!  I am trying to furnish a room by the holidays and they carried all the items in their showroom.   I had liked  a library wall at Ethan Allen first, but they take 9 weeks for anything to be ordered! I was relived to find quality furniture that I didn't have to wait 9 weeks for.  I even asked them to remove something from the unit and they were very accommodating and didn't charge me for the labor. The gentleman who helped me was very friendly not stuffy in anyway.  I will definitely start here for future furniture purchases.
1	So, mother always said if you can't say something nice don't say anything at all. When I finally reached someone at Ladlow's after two unanswered voice messages and an email about a bench ordered in September they were quick to refund my deposit after we determined the bench wasn't on order. They blamed it on the manufacturer and slow demand for the piece but the manufacturer said in an email to me they were surprised at that response and couldn't find an order from Ladlow's for the item. I was glad they sent the refund check so quickly. That's as nice as I can be.
2	Dear Furniture Sales People,Once you introduce yourself and give me your card we're cool - if I have questions I'll ask.  Contrary to what you may believe, "I'm just browsing" means I'm just browsing - it does NOT mean I need you to hover 10 feet away making idle suggestions about all the nice stuff you have that I clearly just walked past.  I'm sure it is nice - for someone else - and I don't care that you have more in storage.  If I wanted to know if you had more in storage (especially the 6th time you mentioned it) I'd ASK.I guess I just expected more for the price - more selection, more quality, and...okay, well, a whole lot LESS sales pressure.I left and bought a couch at Arizona Leather instead.
1	I am giving one star based on my experience with the sales staff. Ladlow's has a nice variety of furniture. I can deal with the price (if I can't afford it I won't buy it) again my issue is with the greedy phony saleslady we encountered. 1. They need a more diverse staff (age and race) Phoenix is diverse there are a lot of people that are under 70, 60, 50 years of age and of a diverse background.2. It is obvious that they are paid on commission. They are greedy!!!3. They are phony money hungry hounds (the friendliness is clearly fake fake fake) My husband and l found 2 sofa's that we knew we were going to purchase. The salesperson greeted us at the door and did not let go (followed us around the store stayed on our backs like a monkey). The product was brand new and she had no information to provide. We asked her to obtain the information we requested and we would return the next day.She was able to obtain the information. We made an appointment with her and came back to the store on time as promised. Once we arrived she indicated that she had an appointment (on a Sunday) and that she could not be late. She tried to rush us through the sale. She wrote an order that increased the value of the items. (You must know what you want down to the pillows) or they will take you. I requested fabric samples she was very unhappy and indicated to take the samples home would require paperwork and she did not have the time to complete. (the nerve)It was directly communicated if she did not have time we will work with someone else. She got the assistance we needed and completed the appropriate paperwork to take the fabric samples home.This saleslady hounded us for nearly a week making the claim that the fabric samples were holding up future sales. (no one was breaking down the door to make any purchases - Lies) Well today we decided to make the purchase (no problem) as she completed the paperwork we continued to browse around the store. We communicated several times that we were making one purchase only.  Each time we said something was nice or that we liked it there was the greedy saleslady trying to get us to buy it. I have never been so annoyed. I told her directly we are not buying anything else and stop pushing. These people are so greedy. Unfortunately there is not a large selection of modern furniture in Phoenix. If I ever go back I will not give her my business. She gave a very weak handshake.I will be sure to inspect my purchase when it arrives in 10 - 12 weeks (made in USA but can't get any sooner)  I'm just saying Do Not Let These People Force You To Buy!!!!! It Is Your Money!!! Be an Informed Consumer!!!I hope this helps any and all that patronize this establishment
5	The best. Love the furniture and the helpful  salesperson.  Very knowledgable.
5	This is a great furniture store.  Huge selection and great help.  Not pushy at all.  Have been here many times and have purchased quite a bit of furniture from them.  From the shopping experience to the purchase and delivery service, it is just terrific.  I have had several different sales people and they were all above average.  Will definitely  come back when I need to add to my furniture collection.
