4	Really good sandwiches, soups and drinks. Can get crowded and a bit pricey. Parking is terrible now that Burger King has taken half their parking spaces. Very similar to Jason's Deli without the salad bar. Worth the visit.
4	Awesome!! I came to visit Charlotte for the first time and stayed with a friend who lived across the street from McAlisters. I stayed in Charlotte for 5 days and went to this Deli 4 times. HahaHuge menu, so many options and everything incredibly fresh. I've tried paninis and 3 types of salads. Large portions, decent prices, friendly staff, and plenty of healthy options. It is always packed during the lunchtime. If I lived around there, I'd quickly become a regular...I technically was one for 5 days. Great deli chain in NC!
5	Allergy friendly!  My kid can actually eat here! He likes it too!The price is right at this location.  Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday is 2 kids eat free with each paying adult.
3	I don't like McAlister's.  I think it's because I can never figure out what I want to eat.  It's not that their menu doesn't sound good, because it's not bad.  But it's because the whole thing just leaves me feeling underwhelmed.  Who wants a sandwich that costs as much as (or more) than a full meal?This time I finally settled on a half-and-half (I have no idea if this is the name or not), but I had a half sandwich and a bowl of soup.  The food itself is pretty decent.  That isn't the problem.  The problem is that it cost something like $8, I was still hungry and it took 15 minutes to get there.  Not to mention the ten minutes it took me to figure out what I wanted.  Just not a fun time.
4	Been there quite a few times lately. This location I much better than years past. Southwest Chicken Griller I would recommend.
5	Ordered my favorite "hot pastrami on Rye" and a hot tea!  Server "we don't have hot tea". Ok then just the sandwich.  I sit down waiting for my order and the manager brings me a hot tea from Star Bucks!  That's service!
3	This is a very respectable deli with a sound business model. The one on Franklin St is a Carolina staple, and this one is pretty good too. I recommend their grilled sandwiches, particularly their southwest chicken panini! It was cheesy, spicy, and rich.
3	My boyfriend took me here a couple of weeks ago for lunch, as he works in that area.  Parking was a bit of an issue, since it's in a busy strip mall, which restaurants & a Starbucks directly in front of it.I absolutely love McAlister's, I always get the same thing: BLT with potato salad & a sweet tea.  I have noticed that each location I go to, they make the sandwich a different way. Some slather mayonnaise on the bread, there are HUGE pieces of lettuce, or the tomatoes are sliced too thin/too thick. This particular location did the huge pieces of lettuce.  The potato salad was delicious, as always. That item stays consistent across each McAlister's.  The sweet tea here was refreshing & just the right amount of sweet.Employees are quick & efficient with the ordering, & the bussing off of tables.Prices could be better; they are pretty expensive. However, I do love their food, so I'll keep coming back, just maybe not as often.
3	I've been here a number of times (at least 10) for lunch and have settled on the half-muffaletta as my meal of choice.  Great with some tabasco sauce (shouldn't be a surprise since both are from Louisiana!).  They recently changed their cole slaw recipe - the new recipe is really bad, I actually had to return it.  I've had their baked potato twice and it was dry both times, which is unfortunate.
3	This was only my second visit to McAlister's and it's not that I don't like this place...it's just that it's never a top choice.I find McAlister's to be just like any other typical deli setup. There's your regular variety of sandwiches, salads and soups. A great bonus is that there is also a "Chose Two" option where you can combine soup, and half salad or sandwich.  For lunch, I went with the Chose Two, I ordered the Chef Salad with honey mustard dressing on the side and the Club Sandwich -- add jalapenos (of course). I arrived right at lunch time, so I expected there to be a wait, and of course there was; but the food still arrived quickly. I enjoyed the salad, I chose to substitute romaine lettuce, and the mix of turkey, bacon and cheese with the honey mustard dressing was classic and delicious. However, the sandwich was just a little underwhelming. There was just not a enough meat or honey mustard dressing for my standards so it made the sandwich a little to dry for my taste. Overall, Panera Bread still has my heart, but I will give this place another chance to win me over.
4	One of my stops when I am about to fly out. harvest chicken salad is what I typically get and I love it. Lemonade to top it off.
