3	I like to come here because it's locally owned and it's a lot easier to get help than it is in Home Depot, but a couple of summer's ago it was really, really hot in the store.  When I was paying I asked the cashier guy if the AC was broken and he told me that the owner liked to make a game of how low he could keep his electricity bill.  Surely that month he hit an all time low.  It was August and I could swear it was cooler outside.  That's all besides the point though.  I really like that they have loose screws and nails and that they cut keys and they have the pretty keys with flames painted on them.  To top it off, the toddler just discovered they have toddler sized shopping carts there.  Something for everyone.
5	For years I would always go to Lowe's or Home Depot first because I thought they'd have larger selections and better prices, but then I found that in many cases Ace was cheaper.  Even better, I can find things (or find out they don't have it) in a fraction of the time because their employees are helpful and accessible.  Lots of times Ace carries items that the other stores don't, especially hardware.  Now I always go to Ace first because if they have it, I am in and out in a flash.
4	Fast friendly and lots of hard to find items (Flashlight bulbs, nuts, screws, etc.) I usually go to Lowes or Home Depot for stuff, but sometimes they have great deals. Defiantly not my go to store, kind of like Radio Shack...It is a specific visit.
5	I'm working on a project and need the super of super glues. I called there twice to find out if they had what I needed. Both times they did and I even think they closed the  business slowly because they knew I was coming the second time. The employees are funny, sweet, helpful...and so adorable!!! They will be my first call from now on.
5	After a frustrating experience at Lowe's, I drove over to Ace hoping for better service. I was in luck. The employees were very helpful, even for an unusual request like mine. I received personal service, and the cashier was very friendly and chatty. Ace earned my business, I absolutely recommend them over the Depot or Lowe's.
3	Ace is a great place to go when you are working on little projects aound the house. They cater to homeowners, not contractors. The staff are friendly and always willing to help. Even though it is further from my house than Lowe's or Home Depot, I can get in and out of Ace much faster. The main reason I go here is because they carry Benjamin Moore paint, which I think is a higher quality than the big box store brands.
5	I'm a grandma, and that affects this review.  I live about 40 minutes away from this Ace, but am often in the area to babysit grandkids. I find the staff very helpful and understanding when I've gone there with my grandkids.  About a month ago, I had all 3- ages 7, 5, 4.  I had prepped them on proper behavior when in the store, and when we walked in, there was a big M&M display that wowed them.  They were  excitedly noisy, and when an older male employee walked over to them, I thought he was going to admonish them; instead, he engaged them in a conversation about favorite kinds of M&Ms.  Nice.  Then, the female cashier invited them to the counter and let them choose some lollipops from a bag she pulled from behind the counter.  Then today I went there with just the 5 year old grandson who was wearing a plastic fireman's helmet.  A young male employee came up to us right away, asked if I needed help, and  took me right to the curtain rods.  An older male employee stopped  and said, "Hey, we need to salute the fire chief."  They both saluted my grandson who returned the salute.  Doubly nice.   I asked my son if he shops there and he said that if he needs something quick and knows exactly what he needs, Ace is the place.  I really appreciate the helpful attitude I've encountered.Another note: I frequently buy online, mainly from Amazon.  When I was writing this review, it occurred to me to look at Amazon for the tension curtain rods that I bought at Ace today.  I do not know if they are the same brand, but Ace's price was about $2 less than Amazon.
5	I Love this Ace location!I have been here a few times, and every time I have been here I have been greeted by a friendly rep, always gotten help when needed, and everyone seemed very genuine and happy to be there. They also are a larger location, so there is an excellent inventory and selection. Plus, ACE is a much more personable experience than going to Home Depot, Lowes, etc. I definitely recommend it!
3	4 * for location3 * for staff - too much or too little, no happy medium in this area.  3 * for products2 * for price variance,  because they're independently owned and can determine what amount they charge.  :-/  I'll come back cuz of the location -and because they have the heavy duty lawn equipment outside the entrance that continues to tempt me to thatch and aerate my lawn myself.
5	I LOVE THIS ACE! I will avoid Lowes and Home Depot if I can help it from here on out. The staff goes above and beyond! I went to Lowes twice to try and get the same key cut. One trip to Ace and Jimmy got it right the first time! He also helped me with a more cost effect fix for my toilet after the part I was sold at Lowes also did not work. They've got a loyal customer here!
