4	Delicious duck-focused resto, with charming service.
4	Quack, quack, quack.  We had a lovely lunch on a Saturday.  We were the only ones at the restaurant.  Excellent food, service and ambience.  They have two different plats at $20/person, pan-seared duck's breast or duck leg confit.  They start you with a soup or salad, than the main.  It's located just off of Old Montreal.  A good treat for duck lovers.
5	This is the perfect place to go if you want to have perfectly cooked duck! We came in right before they closed for lunch but they still took us anyway! That was very sweet of them and our hungry bellies appreciated it! In one word: perfection. The food was beautifully presented and it was extremely tasty. The staff was very friendly. The entire restaurant has a unique take. They come from the south of France. They have a tv playing with different sports popular in France. The restaurant is elegantly decorated and I loved being there. The owner knew we were from out of town and even asked us if we needed the wifi password!Overall very friendly, gorgeous atmosphere, tasty food! A must!
4	If you are a Duck enthusiast, go there and as well fries cooked in duck fat, best fries I ever ate.
5	This restaurant is great. I was in Montreal for a getaway and decided to give this place a try. Upon arrival, we were surprised that this place is not packed. order the soup-duck breast-coffee/tea combo, and I went for the Foie Gras 3-ways, and duck 5-ways entree. We also ask the waitress to recommend wines to go with our meal. The meal was fantastic. The Foie Gras is the best I've ever taste, and the wine went really well with it. (I am from NY, and I've tried Foie Gras in many different places as it's my favorite French food) The only caution is that the meal portion is HUGE. The waitress actually warned me when I order both the Foie Gras and the duck 5-ways, and suggested that I should change it to the smaller portion, but I didnt listen. :) I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone.
1	Food took forever and thats for a duck burger , very salty patty i couldn't finish it because of the salt taste, fries tasted less salty than the burger. Fries were ok not great. I was really disappointed.
