5	I have known the owners Cindy & Mitch for a few years now. It was an honor to get to know them and their daughters over the years and to see their business grow. From what started as a stay at home mom making traditional Native American tortillas called "Chumuth" became a bustling and booming food stand. On Indian reservations, food stands are very common and offer homemade delicacies that cannot be found in the city. In the Salt River Reservation, just east of the city of Scottsdale, is The Stand that was named by the community and frequent guests. Cindy & Mitch sell homemade Indian frybread and Chumuth (tortillas) topped or wrapped around red chili beef that was stewed all day, green chili beef that sings a song of savory spiciness; ground beef with shredded lettuce, tomatoes and shredded cheese. It's all fresh, it's all good and it's all hand made. And when I say "hand made" I MEAN hand made! The dough is made by hand, no mixers here! The pinto beans are sorted and stirred by hand, even the fresh toppings are cut and doled by hand. Recently, I had a true honor of taking the film crew of "Eden Eats" of the Cooking Channel to the Stand, and we made chumuth and red chili and it was so much fun! I hope you are inspired by the show and by this review to go about 5 minutes outside of Scottsdale to the intersection of school and school, Alma School & Indian School (just east of the 101) and try some authentic Native American food! To my yelpers I say: If you go - be sure to get there EARLY! The stand is only open from 11am - 4PM, but sometimes they run out of food. They are closed on weekends and sometimes they have breakfast burritos in the morning. Their parking lot is dirt, so expect to get your car a little dusty, and there is very limited seating. So be prepared to eat in the car. Just crank up the AC and try not to fall into a food coma... you might affixiate yourself! lol!
4	Green Chilli on Fry Bread  - So tasty!
5	Cindy and Mick are owners of the Stand and make great red chili and fry bread among other items on the menu. I have stood in line only to be told "sold out" because the food is that good. Come early and you won't be disappointed.
5	This place may not look like much, located in a rather desolate, non-commercial stretch of the salt-river reservation. But they have off the hook native food that is unbelievably delicious!Go for the red chili and fry bread; you won't regret it. And have a chat with the owners - they're extremely nice.
5	This place is the best!!  Everything is authentic and delicious. I could eat here everyday, the people who run it are very friendly and cool. Indian tacos and pop overs are bomb!!!! I give it 5 stars but id give it a million if I could. Every one should go here at least once or twice a week!! :)
