5	Fantastic!  Finally, a great Italian pizzeria in the southeast valley.  Went last night with friends expecting that their second night open would have some operational issues but, to our pleasant surprise, not a glitch...just great food and great service.  We tried a variety of items from the amazing rotolis (garlic knots) and chicken wings (Italian style), to a fabulous pizza and two delicious sandwiches (sausage and meatball)...MAMA MIA were we happy customers! The dining experience was enhanced by our waiter, Paul, who helped us navigate to such amazing food choices and the owner, Mike, who came by to introduce himself and made sure everything tasted great.  Don't let the fact that this is a franchise fool you...the food is fantastic and very reasonably priced.  We've been waiting SO long for such an eatery here in southeast Chandler...HALLEJULAH!Thank you to Paul and Mike for their attentiveness during our first (of many) dining experiences at Tony Sacco's.
3	Ok, so they just opened so some of this is based on the fact that they're still working out the kinks.I got there at about 5:15 on a Friday.  Place was paaaaccccckkkkkeeeedddd.  I wanted to go.  I asked the hostess station (at the door) where to order.  They said go to the end of the bar.  So I go to the end of the bar (the bar that didn't have an open seat) and stood for a moment waiting to be acknowledged.  Just to describe the scene....the end of the bar is also where the also where the expediter is passing food to food runners.  Its also where the door to the dish washing area is located.  So at the end of the bar, where you're trying to order your pizza, is about a gazillion people trying to do a gazillion different things.  So after a bit I got the attention of  the guy who was taking orders and ordered my pizzas.  At this point its worth remembering that the place was packed and food is going one way, dirty dishes another and mayhem occurring everywhere.  In the midst of all of this I see a manager/owner/or someone trying to run the show, wheel around in a wheelchair.  Long story short, the restaurant space as it currently exists is not terribly handicapped accessible (it's barely worker accessible in parts of the place).    If they continue to do the level of business they were doing tonight, this place needs a serious redesign or it will just be a matter of time before some one ( customer, worker, guy in wheel chair) gets run over.I ordered a pepperoni and a white pizza.  So pizzas and whatever else that's on the menu are  coming out of the oven and the expediter is trying to keep things straight but I saw multiple pizzas come on pans only to be put into boxes and stuff in boxes being put on plans.  The guy standing next to me had two pizzas to go.  We both watched them sit for about 5 minutes before they were given to him.  Then the guy had to wait 5 more minutes while they worked on ringing him up.  My pizzas finally came out (after they did the pan/box dance first).  When I got them I had to wait a few minutes while they ran my credit card.   So as for the pizzas themselves...both were ok albeit the crust seemed just a tad under cooked and they were slightly cool.I think they'll be successful, but they really need to revamp the whole to go order thing...not really efficient the way it is now.  Also they guy in the wheel chair (or anyone else in a wheel chair  for that matter) needs way more room to maneuver than they have now.
1	Our first dining experience will unfortunately be our last!  We arrived at 5:25pm, seated, & then the experience went downhill!  We ordered an order of garlic rolls & it took 30 min with our waiter, Mike checking 3 times to see if they were ready!  We ordered 2 - 14" pizzas & a calzone & it took over an hr to get them, again with Mike checking more than once.  When my husband asked Mike if there was a reason why it was taking so long, Mike's reply was that it was the first week they were opened & that we should have come earlier than 6:00pm.  When my husband said we got there before 5:30, Mike shrugged his shoulders & said "well maybe you shouldn't come back!"  We have never had a server speak to either one of us like that & that only makes us feel like our business is really not warranted or that important!  Coming from NY where restaurants are always super busy & having worked in the restaurant industry, this kind of treatment & speed of service are two things that will quickly make one's business a goner, something a business in today's economy really has to be so careful of!  Totally a thumb's down experience & a waste of a Saturday night!
5	Two for two!   The pizza and staff are awesome.  They've only been open a week and have growing pains to work out.  With no advertising this place is packed all the time.  So much for a soft opening!    I think everyone needs to give them a chance.   They had no idea how popular they would be so fast.   With Grimaldi's going out there was no good pizza to be had.  I do remember Friday nights at Grimaldi's would be a good hour wait for your order.  This pizza is MUCH better, less expensive and the beverages are very competitively priced.   You won't be disappointed. Just give them the benefit of the doubt for the first couple weeks.   The quality is definitely there.  Welcome to the hood Tony's!
4	Great first experience...friendly staff, fast service, amazing, fresh food. We ordered the Napoli pizza, based on our waiter's fave  (outstanding recommendation) and Garlic Knots as an app, which were yummy, but could have used more garlic. Only recommendation would be a better beer selection (more local, craft). Other than that, we will definitely be back.
5	Went there for lunch today. Everything about it was great! We had sausage and peppers app, wings and capo pizza. We sat at the bar. Drinks were good. Service was amazing! I will be back! So happy to see such a good local place!
5	The service was amazing, thank you Josh! The food was delish! We will definitely be back. It's about time we had a really good pizza place and bar in southeast Chandler. Loved the thin crust pizza and the baked wings were a must. We will be back...soon!
5	Little pricey for getting full....but perfect pricing for deliciousness.  This is gourmet pizza.  We had the napoli.  Fresh basil and ricotta made it amazong.  The GM stopped by our table for feedback.  Good service.  This is family friendly.  All in all a great value.  No reason not to give a 5. star. Reference for rating, I would rateBarros 2, pizza hut 3, dominoes 1 , Rosatis 4, Grimaldies 5, rush street 3
5	I'll give them 5 stars service and food, pizzeria (3 stars)! Friendly staff key here is keeping quality up and customer satisfaction high. Been awhile sine there has been a place for an option on the highly commercialized pizzas that we endure, so a place with a more "how would I make it at home take" I hope the quality stays high and consistent! If not I'm sure I will advise!
1	They need to train the cooks!  Nothing is cooked.  Pizza is chewy and The dough is not cooked enough. We tried a calzone tonight same thing rubbery dough just terrible!
3	Food is good however 2 of the 3 times I have eaten there I have issues. First was lipstick, not mine, on my wine glass. Second was dirty plates dropped off at our table. In between I tried to get a pizza to go. I called it in at 11:00 in the morning to be picked up at 6:30 PM. I was having a party at 7:00 when I got there at 6:25 they said it will be another 20 mins or so. Sorry not gonna happen. I ended up going to Bashas and getting something from their Deli. I get they are new so if you go expect some "new" issues. It's going to be awhile before I go back. Too bad because I live right across the street.
4	We ordered takeout capo pizza and salad and it was great.  Had to call several times to place the takeout order because no one answered and I kept getting a recording that kept saying "no voicemail was set up".  I kept calling and finally got ahold of someone.
4	We had one of the house pizzas - so so good! They use really high quality ingredients, which is evident in the taste of the pizza.We came in with a large party of 17, and for a restaurant that just opened and doesn't take reservations, they handled our group really well! For the most part we got our orders in a very timely manner, which was a pleasant surprise considering how many of us there were. I also recommend the garlic rolls - the bottom of the bowls they come in are full of butter/olive oil and perfect for dipping! Cool decor and ambiance, too. Not hokey like a lot of Italian joints.
4	Great pizza, great service. I will be here again for sure. Great local spot. Prices were great considering how fresh the ingredients were. Super excited they carry my favorite beer Sierra Nevada too.
5	I'll give them 5 stars service and food, pizzetta (3 stars)! Friendly staff key here is keeping quality up and customer satisfaction high. Been awhile sine there has been a place for an option on the highly commercialized pizzas that we endure, so a place with a more "how would I make it at home take" I hope the quality stays high and consistent! If not I'm sure I will advise! Good luck guys I know you just opened!!!!
5	Rough start due to coupon confusion! Manager made it right and we loved the thin crust pizza and house salad! Finally a gourmet pizza restaurant in the hood!
5	Best pizza in town. Great crust. It taste great even the next day. Very nice ambiance.
4	This is my second time here and been pleased twice.  Pizza is really good and is kinda similar to rosatis.  I am a new York style pizza guy, but these guys have the new York ambience to keep me eating.  They have a full bar and the happy hour process are good.  The music and lighting is really nice.  Definitely someplace you could bring a date.
3	Having driven by this place many times in the last couple of weeks and seeing the Edison Lights I thought it might be worth a try. I should also add I'm not a sucker for ambiance. I've had many a good meal in places where you see the occasional roach on the table or would rather use a portapotty than their washroom. It was around 9PM on a Saturday night so we were seated right away. Our waiter promptly took our drink order. Someone told me they heard the wings were good so we ordered some. We also ordered a Pepperoni, Mushroom and Kalamata Olive pizza.We overheard one of the other waiters tell his table that this place has no freezers, microwaves or fryers.  They need a fryer.The wings while plump and juicy were like they had been cooked in a microwave. The skin was rubbery and none of the fat was rendered.When the pizza came we had our wing plates ready to be taken away. Not this time. The waiter had other things on his mind. And he didn't notice that more than half the wings were still untouched.OK, the pizza. It's not Grimaldi's, Rosati's or even Casanova Brothers. Grimaldi's has the natural casing pepperoni that crisps, cups and is really greasy. That's a good thing by the way. It also has fresh Mozzarella and the sauce is not really sauce but fresh tomato crushed on top of the cheese. I think Grimaldi's is far better.Rosati's is better also but in a different way.The pizza was better than Domino's, Little Caesar or Papa John's. The crust was thin and crispy with a nice crust. The sauce was ok as well as the toppings but, the toppings were sparse. All except the cheese. Actually too much cheese is not a good thing in my eyes. The amount of cheese was a bit much. Not way to much. Amalfi has way too much cheese. This place is better than Amalfi.  Did I say that after we had eaten half our pizza, had our drinks refilled twice, the dirty plates from the wings were still there. We had them stacked so they would be easy to take. Four other workers had walked by our table and not a single one noticed. We had two pieces of pizza left and the waiter asked if we wanted them boxed up. He also asked if we wanted the wings boxed and we told him that they weren't that good. He mentioned that the table behind us had the same comment. Still didn't take the plates. The manager came over and said that he checked our wings and we were right. They should have been cooked longer. He also took them off the check. We also had a conversation about the lighting. While the Edison Lights are nice all the spot lights make it brighter that a night game at Wrigley Field. He said they were working on that. There is a pizza close buy that's just as good. The Basha's next door. They have a brick oven. They use the same cheese and pepperoni. It's also only $10 bucks for a large. Not twenty. I have had far worse and I have had much better. It's not bad but it's not somewhere I would go back to unless I didn't want to drive the extra few miles to Grimaldi's.
5	So happy for a new restaurant in my neck of the woods!  Even better that it is good...This place just opened in the Bashas shopping center on the corner of Gilbert rd. and Chandler Hts.  Not much out this way- so we end up hitting germann and gilbert.  We ordered the garlic rotolis- which are kind of like garlic knots but bigger and yummier. Followed it with a large pizza with pepperoni (we are a pretty plain group-lol). Gave the chicken wings a try as well and went with the Italian style which is made with roasted onion and garlic.  All the food was delicious :)  The price was pretty much what you would expect...I believe our bill came to $30 bucks.  The restaurant is also decorated really well and the bar has I believe two or three tv's which had the games playing.  Seems as though people had already deemed the place to be a good neighborhood spot to sit and watch the games and the bar seats were all full.Enjoyed and will go back!
5	This is based on just one visit but the pizza here is great!! It reminded me of traditional New York style pizza with thin flaky crust, mozzarella cheese & some fresh basil on top. We ordered take out & they were very fast! Staff seems very friendly & the atmosphere was jumping. Several people were hanging out the bar so seems like a cool place to throw back a few.
4	Saw that this place opened up right across the street from my house and it was much needed.  We have a pizza hut, but there is nothing like coal oven pizza, it's the best.  I haven't had the pizza yet, but I have had their wings and OMG they are perfect.  I had the Italian style wings which are marinated over night (from what they told me) and they were cooked to perfection.  This is my new place for football and fun.
4	The pizza is also good by it does take a while to get it. Usually a 45 minute wait at peak dinner time. That being said, it is worth the wait. Excellent thin crust and a good flavor. I like a healthy version so I get the Marco Polo without cheese. Great flavor and a healthy choice.
3	Great food, terrible service.  Our waters were empty right when got the pizza, never refilled.  I called to order a pizza and was left on hold TEN minutes to place a take out order.  Hopefully they can get it together.  It takes great food and great service to make a successful restaurant.  Good luck.
2	I really wanted to like this place as I've heard and read good things, that's where the good part of the story ends.  When I arrived I watched the pizza being made with all the precision of a machine, perhaps they should use a machine, exactly this much dough; no more, no less, exactly this much cheese; no more, no less, exactly x number pieces of paper thin pepperoni; no more, no less, x number leaves of basil; no more, no less, obviously they are very concerned about the per unit cost, who cares about the taste or look.  The dough was like a cracker no give at the edges overcooked in their 1000 degree coal oven and it was pricey at that.  Staff was pleasant and courteous which doesn't make up for an $18 pizza which weighs like almost nothing when you carry it out.  If I was to buy another, which I will not, I would weigh it when I got home, you sure don't need 2 hands to carry it like large homemade style pizza.  I threw out the leftovers which is a mortal sin for an Italian but I couldn't bare to eat it again.If you want a pizza in this area, try Basha's they're not great but they're half the price, and they use a gas fired brick oven.
3	Pizza was good, but the water tasted bad. The owner said it was filtered water, but my tap water at home does not taste that bad. Anyone else notice this problem?
3	The place looks and feels amazing.  The apps are not that great.  The pizza is pretty good.  I like the crust .  It's a nice change.  The area needed a place like it.
4	Cheers - !!!!!!!!!! great pies here !!!!!!!!!!!!The Pizzas- absolutely Super tasty, fresh ingredients, robust flavors, the sauce was just right!Great pizza will be ordering again this is a Adult pizza... Not so much for the kiddosBest Veggie Pizza any of us had in recollection... It was gone so fast!The Pepperoni & Sausage - I loved it. Not kiddo safe ... the cheese was under the pepperoni and the toppings fell off for the kids.'Eh what-ya gonna do huh?!'Price is higher but worthy of a quality Pie!Cheers - KSoderberg
5	We decided to use a coupon and try this new restaurant out.  Even without a coupon, the prices were very reasonable.  The Capo pizza was piping hot, although the ingredients could have been more evenly spread on the pie.  The Antipasto was crisp and cold.  Reminds me of Grimaldi's but much, much cheaper.  For NY pizza, it was excellent --- we are from Chicago (pizza rivals!) and all staff members were friendly and service oriented.  Welcome to the neighborhood!
4	The pizza is  bit pricey but excellent, and the garlic knots are super. Staff are pretty good. Service is a little slow but that is probably because it's a new place and really busy plus all new staff . I hope the place continues to provide great food because it's wonderful to have a good restaurant in the area.
