1	We had dinner there tonight because we had a $25 off certificate.  I will not go back there unless the meal is free.   It's the worst sushi I have eaten in my life.
2	It is a beautiful, but largely unoccupied Japanese restaurant.  We started with potato croquettes (3 *) and soft shell crab (0*).  The crab was unrecognizable, overcooked, tasteless and overpriced.  We each ordered the misoyaki butterfish, black cod (4* Forks) which was accompanied by miso soup (1*), salad (dressing congealed - 1*), rice and green tea.  Service was both pleasant and efficient.
4	I like eating here every time I'm in Vegas because of the friendly service, nice ambiance and almost everything is WIlD!!  The food is tasty and always fresh, just the way I like it.   Happy eating!!
4	It's a 3.5 - 4.  I have to review this since no local has...  The food is ok to great depending on what you get with decent service.  It's prabably overall good.  It seems a little scary since it's not very crowded unless there's a conference or convention.  But over the 4 years I've been coming here, we've gotten better prices on the rest.com cert's so if you're going to go out to eat, you may as well get more for your dollar.  Their specialty is the butterfish.  This is a great place to have a spicy conversation or hold a mighty meeting since it's not noisy.  I would think you have to know about it to come here as it's in the JW Marriott & way southwest off the strip.
5	Both the food and service here are great! The tempura is light and non-greasy. The prime NY steak is so tender and yummy. We drive all the way from the Las Vegas strip just to eat here.
4	This was my favorite restaurant in the JW Marriott resort area. I had the sushi with Shizen chicken and enjoyed both. The salmon in the Philadelphia roll was plentiful and the chicken was cooked and seasoned perfectly. It was not crowded at all while I was there, but shouldn't deter you from eating here if you are just looking for a good meal. Of the few restaurants to choose from at this resort, this is one of the better ones.
5	one of my favorite japanese restaurants in vegas!shizen is family owned by some folks from hawai'i and they really brought their japanese/hawaiian fusion dishes to the mainland. they have great rolls, a tasty wakame salad, delicious buttah fish, and some yummy sake. my family and i go at least once a month to visit our friends and enjoy a wonderful meal. the best part about it is they are located 7 minutes from the house. sWwwEEeeettTt!
5	I was pleasantly surprised by this Japanese Sushi restaurant in the JW Marriott Rampart Hotel/Casino.I really enjoyed the California tempura roll, volcano roll and nigiri sushi. Presentation was beautiful. Sushi was very fresh. Especially the uni with ikura. I went back many times during my stay and always had great service on top of the fresh sushi.
3	JW Marriott is 13 miles off the strip. Don't come here if you are on the Strip and want Japanese food. It's good but not THAT good.The wait for our sushi was at least 1 hour. The rolls came out so sporadically and we all were like vultures when food came to the table. The food was good- nothing spectacular. Service gave us extra rolls for waiting and being patient. This place gets crowded because of conferences but I don't think so for any other time. Overall, I left kind of hungry. Service was really nice though.Solid 3 stars.
5	just a week ago shizen reopened after being closed for a couple of weeks. the previous owners are no longer in the picture and shizen is now owned by J.W. Marriott.there was rumor that the current exec. chef is a gentleman from the show top chef. i am not certain if this is true and forgot to ask while i was dinning last night.in my previous review, i gave the restaurant 4 stars. i now give it 4.75. haha it's got more atmosphere, the servers are nicer and more attentive, (maybe because it's a J.W. restaurant now?!?!) they have great tea, the menu is half sushi and half entree, and all in all has a better vibe and energy. =)we ordered:agadashi tofudynamite rollcalifornia crunch rollahi pokimarinated scallopsedemamespicy miso soup (crab and wakame) you can ask for shitaki too! =)tea and diet coketotal : $88.00 it was just the right amount of food and i don't mind paying what we did for the quality and freshness. mahalo, shizen!
1	This was the most awful teppanyaki place I've ever been to!  Not only was it dead empty, which made for an awkward situation every time someone spoke, but the food was horrible!  The salmon tasted very fishy and definitely not worth $32!  The portion of steak was tiny and dried out. Even the terriyaki sauce was bad...  How do you screw up terriyaki??  Fried rice had no taste either...Will never return. I definitely recommend against this place!!
1	After coming here every once in a while, we were horribly disappointed in the poor service, due to lack of employees. Slow service, very long wait for anything, from sake to food. Tiny, skinny rolls were an embarassment. After waiting 40 minutes, we finally received something, the yakisoba was cold, the chicken was heavily overcooked to being so dry, it felt like cardboard. We sent the dish back, at the point the appetite is dead and you just want to pay and go. Never again, what has happened to the place?
3	Would most likely be 2 if we didn't have such nice servers.  And might have had more stars if there was some sort of atmosphere here.  The Disclaimer: We were staying at the hotel and didn't want to venture out.  This seemed to be a good option.We had reservations at 8pm on a Friday night.  Earlier that day we had received a call to confirm our reservation because it "get's very busy, and they wanted to be sure we would be coming in".  When we arrive, we found that we were 1 of 2 couples in the entire place.  Wha??  It IS Friday night, right?  Where is everyone?  Apparently, at the Frankie Avalon concert that started at 7pm - we just missed the rush.  So....it is THAT kind of crowd here.  While I was excited to have the teppanyaki table to ourselves, the prices were a little too rich for my tastes.  $48 for steak and shrimp meal seemed a little steep.  And I've seen that show too many times to get excited about it, so I didn't want to "pay" for the experience.  We moved to a regular table.The other big thing here - None of their menus are correct.  They give you 3 when you sit down.  We ordered Gyoza ( listed on the menu available in chicken and shrimp) and we were asked if pork was ok. That was all they had.  While not actually listed on the menu, but on Opentable (and Yelp), they only serve Beer & Wine.  And my wine was listed at 2 different prices depending on what menu I read.  As we continued to find little errors like that our waitress just laughed and apologized.  She knew how ridiculous this was becoming.Otherwise, the food was good and the service was good.  There was no vibe, no other people and no attention to detail on the menu.  And, there is outside seating - despite what you read.  However, I would likely not come back since there are definitely other places with a better atmosphere.
4	I went to Shizen tonight with my mom because she had a 100$ restaurant voucher.  I was curious about this place because my mom and I always went to the cafe when she got any of the free vouchers she gets from gambling at the Rampart. We got to Shizen about at around 5:54pm and had to wait until 6:00 for it to open. The menu was a bit high but with the voucher it was not much to worry about. What we ordered was:*Spicy tuna roll (8 pieces)*Spring roll appetizer (6 pieces)*Teriyaki Chicken with veg/rice *Glazed Salmon with spinach/rice*Green Tea Ice cream*Mango Ice cream Since it's Thursday the spicy tuna roll was half priced. I had the glazed salmon and my mom the Teriyaki Chicken. We both enjoyed what we had very much. Though I was full we both had desserts. I had the mango ice cream and my mom had the Green tea ice cream. I loved the mango ice cream. When I tasted my mom's green tea ice cream it had a bit of a strong "Tea" after taste.Our total for everything was $72 and some change. Plus not forgetting a tip for our waiter who was alright. She kept checking up with us if everything was OK, and refilling our water glasses.All in all I'd go again. When we went it was nice and quiet, no cigarette smoke in the air, and totally devoid of old people.
4	Nice sake selection, with three different sizes to choose from. The sushi itself is fine, really nothing too exceptional in terms of quality or variety. They were out of the Toro, but they had maguro. The Ikura was very flavorful, actually, not too salty. The dragon roll was fine, again, nothing outrageously exciting but certainly pleasant and tasty. The spicy baked mussels are indeed spicy, and a nice change of pace. You might miss the entrance, as it's set back in the hallway. But, for a lighter meal, Shizen is a good option.
1	This place doesn't deserve even one star. The WORST sushi I have ever had. Very pricey and flat out disgusting. Do not go here, there are so many local places ( Sushi Fever) that have amazing sushi and you will never get sick. My stomach was hurting before we even left the building. Anybody giving this more than one star has obviously never had sushi before.
2	Bluh! Had yakisoba..too much sauce & it tasted like Japanese BBQ. Sake was good, shrimp cooked well, but no, will not go back!
3	Great food and standard Teppan "show". However this place gets dinged for its terrible service. We had a large party and 8 o'clock reservations, but didn't get seated until about 8:30. One table was entirely kids and the other adults. They took the kids order then let them sit for a long time while they waited for room to sit the adults. Once we were seated they took drink orders and then took over 20 minutes to bring them out. Then another 10-15 before taking our dinner order.There were only about two other tables and they eventually left so there was no reason for the service to be so slow.Once the "show" started, after one of the adults went looking for our waiter and told them to start cooking for the kids who at this point were ready for bed, things went well. Your typical Benihana production complete with flaming onion volcano. But no shrimp tail into shirt pocket.Food was really good. But service was close to unbearable. We were at the restaurant before 8 and left after 10:30.I would give it 2.5 stars but I will give them the benefit of the doubt on service. Maybe someone wasn't there and they were short staffed? If you go, just be prepared to spend some time,
1	We hard to wait almost an hour to get our food. Our rolls were poorly made and super small. I was floored when our bill was $82. I would never go back
1	I read the reviews on this place just before I left.  I asked the question when I arrived, "Have you been here before?"  "A while back, it was pretty good." We had reservations for 7:30pm on a Friday night.  A good call I thought.  A table of 5, we all arrived on time.  Service was pretty slow to start.  There were only 2 other tables although there were two small parties around the hibachi.   Additionally a few people at the sushi bar, but very quiet.  Reservations definitely NOT required.........Finally our drinks arrived, and we all ordered a couple of sushi dishes each, with some edamame to start.  After nearly an hour (I'm not kidding) I walked over to find that some of our food was waiting on the side to be delivered to our table.  Of the 5 plates, 3, then 4 were ready, but were just sitting there....... drying up.We asked why our food was taking so long, and a guy, (I hope he's not a waiter!) abruptly turned to us and said, "We're VERY busy!"  There was only ONE other table (still waiting for food) in the WHOLE restaurant.  It took over an hour before all of our food arrived.  The rolls were small, though tasty.  The food didn't taste terribly bad, but it had lost a lot of that "fresh, just made" taste that separates this sushi to supermarket sushi.One sushi chef for this type of restaurant for a Friday night?  That's crazy.Maybe because few people come here to eat, they don't need many staff, or they don't need many staff so one comes here to eat?  Either way, it was a dismal meal, with appalling overall service, and surprisingly this restaurant sits inside a JW Marriott Resort??  I wonder if they know how bad this is?The manager did come over an finally apologize to us.  We were offered a free beer (for those drinking beer) or 15% off.  She did a good job listening, but I feel this isn't the first time she's heard these complaints, and looking at the other reviews, I'm sure it's not.One thing's for sure, they make TV shows about failing restaurants like this.  Gordon Ramsey, where are you?Would I recommend this restaurant for sushi?  "Methinks not."
2	I had high hopes for this place, I've been passed it over the years and I was sure it might be a nice place to go to.So we roll in without a reservation, lucky we didn't reserve it was far from busy on a Friday night.We we're waiting not that long to be seated. My first impression of this business was not of a normal sushi place, actually I kinda thought the decor was a little cheap. Not the standard a marriott would present.We grab a few rolls, nothing really special on the menu that stood out that I could really say would have me back again.Had some green tea ice cream which wasn't to bad, had a little sugar on the side which was a nice touch.All in all it was just average. Not a place id go back to because I can get the Same experience or better somewhere else
2	Food was ok but it took so long to get our food we canceled half of it & went some where else
5	One of our favorite places.  Paul is a great personable sushi chef, and Tao is the best teppan chef we have ever had.  Nancy, the manager, is very  professional, welcoming, and accommodating. The food is excellent!!
5	Tried Shizen for the first time tonight and all I have to say is Wow! We sat at the Sushi Bar and Chef Paul not only took care of us, but amazed us with his unique Sushi creations! Being avid Sushi buffs would highly recommend Shizen if your looking for great Sashimi, custom rolls & a chill atmosphere!
5	This place was awesome, sushi was fresh and very tasty. Chef Paul, goes above and beyond to make sure your happy. The Las Vegas roll, Tiger roll, we're amazing!!!!!! Chef Paul also had a special made for us that is not in the menu and that was so so delicious!!!! I will definitely will be back during my 5 day stay at the JW Marriott.........
5	The service is just flawless... That's all I can say. My server that day was Venny. She suggested some choices for me and my kids which turned out to taste amazing. She vividly described the food and told us the daily special. We had some sushi which is pretty decent, but the steak that my son ordered was even better! Thanks again to Venny for recommending it.
4	Gr8 sushi and teppan table cooking in a beautiful restaurant w/gracious servers.  Appetizers are delicious.  Kind of pricey but lots of coupons available for locals.  I like the rolls, tofu, filet, seaweed salad and vegetarian teppan.
2	service is too slow. Waitress kept disappearing. I had to wait an additional 23 minutes after my wifes sushi came out. When i asked what was taking so long, the waitress said my dish was being made fresh. FRESH? Are not all sushi rolls made fresh i asked? The special tuna in a cucumber (no rice) was ruined by too much onion. They have an all you can eat on Sundays. If it is on a time limit, DO NOT GO. They take too long to make your sushi.
4	We have been frequenting Shizen for years now. At first the service was so bad that even with world class food I couldn't have given them more than 2 stars. But Marriot closed them down and revamped everything. The food is way better than it use to be. The sushi is fresh, The rolls very good. The seafood ramen bowl is excellent, the vegetable udon bowl needs more work. The Japanese Burrito roll, as strange as it sounds, needs a tasting. The wait staff is very accomadating and attentive. They remember everything and move with wings on their feet. Carmen the hostess was great greating us with a big smile and cheerful conversation every time we went. We'll miss this place as we are moving to Chicago.
1	Food was decent. Chef was terrible. If you've had teppanyaki before or seen it, you know paying $30-$40 is for the food and the experience from the chef. Our table welcomed a chef with tattoos and a white chef hat. This was by far the longest, most awkward, boring teppanyaki experience I've ever had. He had ZERO interaction with us. Only time he spoke was "hello" and "how would you like your steak done?". He had 1 trick (onion volcano, which he completely botched and continued cooking). No wait 2, banging his spatula on the table while sprinkling salt. Upon exiting, we were approached by the manager who asked how was our dinner. We said it was alright and kept walking. She stopped us and apologized, asked if anything was wrong with the food. I told her no, but I've never been more bored in my life. We asked if the chef was training and new due to his lack of presentation and she replied, well he's new at doing the teppanyaki, but he is the head chef. And no, he doesn't do any tricks. I said well then what was the point of us paying for that? You might as well have sat us at a regular table, cooked in the kitchen, and we would have had the same experience/outcome. The family at our table also said they wouldn't be coming back and gave us 2-3 other teppanyaki places they frequently visit that are 10x more fun (Benihana, Hokkaido, and Musashi)
5	The food was awesome the service was great the price was good I want to go back again and again if there was a grade higher then A+ Shizen deserves it I give then five starts.
5	First time last night and it was FABULOUS.  Food GREAT. Service FANTASTIC.  The entire staff was friendly.  Came by our table to make sure every thing was fine.  My wife and I go out once, twice a week and this was sincerely one of the nicer overall dining experiences in a long time.   Can't wait to go back!
2	Great atmosphere, mediocre service and food was just ok. Pricing not worth the time and food quality.
