4	Door flier food......oh my!I typically hate and almost always never try the "door flier" food menus that end up at my house ,but MR. EATZ  is the exception!It's like bar food done exceptionally well, and it's the go-to spot for my husband and I when I don't want to cook and he can't make a decision.Here's why I like it and what we order:~White pizza.....if you love cheese order this biznatch, WTF?!?!?!~Meatball sub....not too saucy, doughy yet crusty bread and prefect meatballs.~Garlic knots.....no explanation needed!~Chicken finger and waffle fries!~Wings!~COUPONS galore.......great combos!~Fast delivery and GREAT PRICES!=)
2	My wife and I chose Mr. Eatz out of a coupon book. While the atmosphere was kind of cool (it is a small, walk-in joint truly meant for take-out orders) the food was...well...blah. My wife had the Meatball sub. The sauce was bland, the meatballs nothing special and the bread was, well, bread.I ordered the Fish and Chips... Standard fish, a bit on the breaddy side. But no chips... coleslaw instead. After looking at the menu again, it specifically says fries come with the meal. Overall I was disappointed and wouldn't go back.
1	Ordered pizza. Wet cardboard would have been better. Undercooked dough and bland sauce, no flavor.
1	The pizza has really spicy sauce and two much of it. It tastes like you could have made it at home with Kraft singles.... But what do you expect for 1.50 slice. I only had the pepperoni but it was really gross. I ordered two slices and only ate one.
5	Had Mr. Eat'z catered for our office Christmas party and the food was amazing! Highly recommend the Ribs.. Slammed it out of the park with the Ribs and Baked Ziti. Going to order and pick up on my way home from work in the future. Pepperoni Rolls are also highly recommended! Try it out for an easy take out dinner for the family...
1	Nope. OMG, as my sweetie said.Absolutely horrible. The chili cheese fries were not edible. The fries were super greasy,  the chili was some mess out of a can, and there were beans in the chili.The cheese was like that ersatz "cheese " that comes out of the machine at 7/11.mixed with jalapenos. I ate about two bites.The "charbroiled burgers " hardly even OK. With so many good burgers in Vegas,including even the fastfood burgers -- there is no reason to buy at Mr Eatz.I could smell the grease through the styrofoam and plastic bag. 1 frigging star,and that is generous. Never again.
1	This was the WORST pizza I have EVER had! Nothing close to the picture, it had 8 little chunks of chicken (BBQ Chicken) it took an Hour and it was STONE COLD! Next time I will buy a FROZEN pizza I am sure it would taste better than this so called pizza did! There was Next to NO cheese and it supposed to have extra cheese what a crap pizza!! I posted it on my FB what it looks like compared to their pictures.  Told All my friends to avoid this place! Wasted $24.00 on a pizza to gross to eat!!!
2	I guess you either love this place or hate it. It's close, and has delivery, so the food is still hot when it gets here. That means I'll put up with a lot. I can also drive there quick and save the delivery fee & tip. They recently trimmed my wife's favorites and some of mine from the menu. No more Alfredo sauce or fish entries, along with some other stuff we used to get. Still get stuff from then when I'm on my own and don't want to leave the house. Never tried their pizza; I rely on the big boys for pizza & wings.
4	I work in a small office and we have a daily staff luncheon delivered.  We order from Mr. Eat'z about 2-4 times a month. The food is hot and tasty, and the orders are almost always correct, and any errors are cheerfully rectified with a free meal on our next order.  For a delivery restaurant, the menu has a lot of options, including some really well priced lunch specials that most of us in the office go for. This is casual fare, so if you are looking for something gourmet or high end, look elsewhere. But if you are looking for good value and variety, especially for delivery, Mr. Eat'z is a good bet.
4	my co-workers and i continue to enjoy ordering our office lunches from Mr. Eatz.  i appreciate the variety of the menu, which is a lot broader than most delivery or pizza places, and the really good prices on the lunch specials.  we usually order on mondays, when they have a $5 pasta special that includes a huge portion of any pasta dish, including more expensive ones like eggplant parmigiana, plus a free fountain drink and galic bread. delivery and variety is important to us because we do not get that much time for lunch, so it does not usually pay to go out for lunch and spend more time and money.  this is fast food, casual dining type of fare, so don't expect anything upscale,  good food and great value and convenience.
5	This pizza is awesome! Delivery from this place is so quick, too. The pizza is cheap but its in no way a cheap quality pizza. I always order from this place for parties and everyone always loves it.
4	We have frequent office staff luncheons, and we continue to order from Mr. Eatz a few times a month. The food is always fresh and hot and tasty! On Mondays, they often offer a $5 pasta special: any pasta entree, including premium ones like Eggplant Parmigiana or Lasagna, are only $5 on Pasta Mondays! The portions are HUGE. You can't beat this for taste, or value!
4	delivery was fast! we tried the half finger and half wing special w/ fries and ranch. The fries were okay and the wings were tiny. both were ordered medium flavor and it was tasty enough to satisfy my junk food cravings. get the yelp special! $10 for $20
4	The food is really good here! I got the 14" pizza with the wings and fries. The pizza was good. I loved the dough! Now the wings were the best! I had them Cajun style and it was BOMB!!! They were crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The Cajun flavor was perfect. A little on the non-spicy side but overall delicious! This place is very close to home so I'll definitely be going back.
4	Fast delivery always . Great food. Delivery guys are friendly. Have ordered from them several times!
1	I have ordered from you a few times before but this was the absolute worst experience ive ever had with any delivery service. I called at 8:20p 7/23/14 i ordered 2 BACON double cheeseburgers. First the lady taking my order was snippy and had an attitude then she states my order will be $20 and will arrive in 40min to an hour and i said ok. i did not receive my food until 9:45p and the gentleman reeked of weed covered in tattoos and asked for me to give him my license number i said no since this was never asked before and he just stood there like it didn't process then eventually said ok and left. So i open my food after the gentleman left and my order was wrong and cold. These burgers were black and tasted like they sat all day! I am never ordering from you guys again! I am blown away on how you can screw up an order that easy!!!Sent from my iPhone
2	We ordered the BBQ chicken sandwich and the BLT. both the sandwiches were okay. The BBQ sandwich bread was soggy because of all the veggies on it. I feel like my bread on my BLT was either too toasted or stale because it was hard. I was REALLY unimpressed with the potato salad. For one, when I asked the girl if it had raw onions, she told me it was store bought. So they don't even make their own potato salad. Not only that but they hardly gave you any! A very small scoop! Which I'm not really complaining about now since it tasted disgusting like it was made with miracle whip. Over all I will not be going here again.
4	Good food for delivery food. I order here pretty often now that I know about this hidden gem. The lady who answer is super nice. They have a variety and everything that I had was pretty good. Delivery might take a hour but well worth it
5	Love the wings for here and a good pepperoni pie. They always make it with just the right amount of cheese and love how the always offer you parm cheese and hot peppers. And if you check in you get a free soft drink
5	Ordered delivery through Yelp and was worried due to the previous complaints but within 40 mins there was a knock at the door. Chicken Philly is really good! I'll definitely be ordering delivery again
