4	This is a great Brueggers location. It's got all the benefits of the other branches, including the delicious Everything bagel and the Leonardo da Veggie sandwich (which would get a great review for its awesome name even if it didn't offer Muenster Cheesy deliciousness). In addition to a great selection of bagels, soups, and sandwiches, however, this location doesn't seem to get nearly as crowded as some of the others. I appreciate being able to get a table and set up my stuff to work for several hours...so anybody else living out of a briefcase and a laptop, it's great freelance turf.
4	Quick, convenient, clean, welcoming and reasonably priced.  This Bruegger's location is close to where I live.  Everyone there is always nice and, of course, their vast array of bagels and cream cheese are delectable!
4	Exceptionally nice service!  Cashiers are friendly.  Bagels are good.  The French Toast Coffee which is a special right now is awesome.  I hung out for 4 hours doing schoolwork and everyone was friendly!
4	Solid place... and right in my backyard too. I always overlook this since I'm always b-lining it to HT or Home Depot in the same shopping complex.Clean with friendly service and a great tasting breakfast wrap made for a good way to start my Saturday morning.I would definitely consider bringing books/work here to do since they have large tables and spaces to meet people and spread out materials.
5	Good breakfast and they fulfilled my sisters customized million questioned demands which is not very likely of most restaurants and so, very impressive!
5	These folk always make my day at least 20% better. Always kind, thoughtful, and professional. Today I was lucky and showed up just as the Everything bagels came out of the oven. There is nothing quite like an untoasted Bruegger's bagel fresh out of the oven. Mine had the salmon cream cheese. Yum. Add the sunny disposition of the staff and you have a great place for quick eats. The coffee is good too. Free wifi.
4	This is a dependable Bruegger's location.  It's spacious, clean, the service is friendly, and while the food isn't mind-blowing, it's good.  People (normally transplants from you-know-where, *cough*) say that Bruegger's doesn't serve an authentic bagel, but it's probably the best that you're going to get in Matthews.The one thing I don't like about Bruegger's is the turkey sausage.  Get the bacon, the regular sausage, or go without meat, but the turkey stuff is kind of bland.I haven't tried their lunch menu yet, but I will one day, if I ever think of it.  Oh, also, they close at 2:00 PM.
4	I can't believe I have yet to review one of my favorite, go-to spots! But better late than never, I suppose...I stop in this Bruegger's at least once a week (often more!) and have come to enjoy the food, staff, speed, cleanliness, and consistency of my experiences here.I almost always get the sun-dried tomato bagel sandwich, and while I'm extremely disappointed they recently changed their sun-dried tomato spread to something more like a thick tomato sauce, this was a corporate decision, so I don't hold it against my local store. (update: about a month after I originally posted this, Bruegger's brought back their original & ah-may-zing sun-dried tomato spread - hooray!)One memorable experience of being a regular here, their online hours on the corp website aren't updated, so when I arrived one evening last month to pick up a gift certificate for an event I was on my way to, I was so bummed to find they'd closed 30 minutes earlier. I called their number and Audra, the manager who was still there, told me to come on in and she'd sell me what I needed. Talk about going above & beyond for me!
4	This is a bit mean, but I have to deduct one star from this place just because they rarely serve their delicious Velvet Veggie Cheese soup anymore! Nothing like buying a delicious salt bagel with roast beef and dipping it in this creamy soup!(I'm actually drooling right now thinking about it all.)Prices are a bit steep for sandwiches but well worth it. This particular location is a bit cramped on busy days and could use a larger interior. It's always clean and staffed by friendly employees.Your pal,Walter
5	Only went twice can't wait to go again! I've been to this location and N. Tryon and both times I have nothing to say but great things about them. The bagels choices made me come back again. I love that the old bagels that are for sell for cheap the next day something panera could also do to increase there revenue.  Can't wait to go again.
2	I have been to this location many times, and let me say that Einstein's is vastly superior as far as bagels are concerned. That stated, Bruegger's does serve good softwiches...however, I could get better bread and bagels elsewhere.
3	On a mission to find the wife bagels and this was the closest place around. Well the service was a bit slow but it was to be expected on a holiday saturday around 10am. One of their employees was a bit slow making bagels too but it seemed like he was new. Anyway we ordered three bagels with cream cheese and a Naked fruit drink and a small coffee, total was $14 dollars, ouch. Wasn't expecting that but maybe the bagels would be amazing...Ah no, the bagels were ok. I've had better ones at Panera or Grinds & Glazes in Blairsville, GA. They were just decent bagels, and the toasting wasn't long enough. I prefer a light char on my bagels and Brueggers just does a light toast. The coffee was good but I probably won't be back just based on the price:food ratio. They do have 'last nights' bagels in a bin just infront of the register that would be a way better deal than what I ordered. I didn't notice it until I was sitting down, oh well. Maybe you can snag those up if your there.
1	It was terrible, terrible, terrible. The lady preparing the bagel for my daughter  couldn't even make a straight cut, the peanut-butter and jelly was all over the place. How hard is it to prepare an appealing peanut-butter and jelly bagel???? The end result looked like she just threw up all over it. My bagel wasn't fresh and when she pulled out the humus, it had a crust on it like an old product would have. It was one of the most terrible Sunday breakfasts I've ever had. I will never ever return!
4	Great food and great choices. All taste fresh and they have something for every time of the day
3	Love, love, love their bagels!  The best in the world. I just wish the service wasn't so slow.  Often there is a line all the way to the door, yet everyone behind the counter is taking their time. I've stood in line several times and ended up leaving when the line didn't move at all. It seems like the system of one person manning the register (and standing there even when everyone is in line and no one us at the register) and 2 people taking and making the orders is just not very efficient. Maybe one person could take the orders and one or two others could make the orders. Or perhaps they should have an express line for this that just want a plain bagel.
3	I am a bagel lover but this place was very much MEH. I don't know what else to say but meh. I know it is a chain but this is my first experience with a bruegger's ever. I got an everything bagel with bacon egg and cheese. The bagel was really rubbery and hard to chew. It barely had any everything toppings on it. The inside of the sandwich tasted like it had maple syrup in it. It had a very peculiar taste. Alas, the quest for decent bagels in Charlotte continues... 3 stars instead of 2 stars because the service was very friendly.
3	Pretty straight-forward Brueggers located in the shopping plaza with Teeter and Home Depot.  I've gotten bagels from here a few times, and never really been wow'd or disappointing.I do feel it's necessary to point out that it's rather pricey for a bagel here, with a half-a-dozen and a thing of cream cheese is $7-$8 easy.  For the same cash, you can get way fatter buying a dozen donuts.The bagels early in the morning are super fresh though, which is pretty tough to beat.  I'd love to see more variety on selections, but at the end of the day I'd probably order the "go-to" choices anyway.
