2	24th Street here lives in the former home of Olympic Gyros.  I stopped by today for lunch, & it went like this:The bad:This tiny restaurant can't put together a cup of water to go with your meal!     :-OThe good:Their $4.99 Gyro tastes good & has lots of meat.     :-)
1	It's too bad this place has changed ownership. We stopped in the other day for their advertised Pizza Slice special (I think it was two slices and a soda for $3.99). My husband walked up to the kid at the register and said,  "Two slices of cheese, please."...silence......blank stare...The kid grinned uncomfortably and said, "Cheese? Two slices? Umm..."I realized what was happening and interrupted: "Two slices of cheese PIZZA, please."The kid finally understood. He thought my husband wanted two slices of cheese. Literally. So finally the woman (owner?) came up and asked pretty abruptly what we wanted. We told her, and she said she doesn't keep slices ready, she has to make a whole pizza and then cut slices. She clearly thought we were retarded. We left. So, besides the obvious customer service and advertising failures, my third criticism is that they need to decide on an identity and stick with it. Are you a gyro place or a pizza place? That, in my opinion, was the downfall of the previous owner. He should have stuck with gyros and other Greek items, because he did them well. The place is too small to try to please everybody.
1	their gyros are okay, alot of meat in them. but i had better. small spot! weird little employees who acted as if they didnt know how to do their job -_- unprofessional! wouldnt eat here again
3	They actually make decent pizza, considering it's next to a liquor store and also considering a fair number of derelicts shuffle around this part of Phoenix regularly.The cashier is very friendly. And the average wait time for a pizza is less than 12 minutes. Almost perfect crust-toppings ratio.
5	LOVED THE GYROS!!! A lot of meat and great Tzatziki sauce! Ive worked around the area for many years and just came across the restaurant while on my lunch break with my co-worker. My co-worker had the pizza and really enjoyed it as well! Im pretty surprised that the previous reviews about the employees because they seems pretty friendly. I told my other co-workers and will be coming back again.
5	So I have been wanting to try 24th Street Pizza and Gyros for a while...Today for lunch I finally did!I ordered the Gyro meal (very well priced) and was AMAZED!The gyro was LOADED with meat!The flavor was intense!Just the way I like my gyros!The tomatoes, onions and tzaziki sauce were almost perfection.My coworker walked into the break room to let me know she could SMELL the flavor all the way from the hallway and demanded to know where I had gotten my gyro from.The location is pretty dive,but the good old gyro mouth explosion is within this spot.I'm hooked.Top 3 gyros spots in the Phoenix area for sure!Pumped about my new discovery!Five stars! (well deserved based soley on FLAVOR.)If you want the no frills gyro experience, this is your place.I suggest take out.... ;-)
5	A whole month later and I am still LOVING this place. It is my new top Phoenix Gyro spot. I have seen it packed the past few times I have been in. I have also gotten a few friends and coworkers addicted. LOVE. Seriously, if you love gyros, try this place. It's a hole in the all but seriously, AMAZING! Their $6.99 meal deal cannot be beat! (I'm having cravings as I write...) Long live authentic gyros! :-)
1	Yesterday, ordered delivery on a pizza and 2 orders of boneless wings.  Lady driver delivered wings and pizza.  I tipped her 25% and she walked away.  I opened the wings to discover that they were bone-in.  Ran out to stop her and let her know I ordered boneless.  Her response, "yes I know.  We ran out of boneless and just gave you these instead."  Of course she didn't say any of this when she gave me the wings and took 25% tip off the entire order.  Didn't call before when I made the order to tell me that they were out of boneless (I would have ordered something else, the order was for my wife). Driver refunded me the money for the wings, kind of.  Cost was $9.98 for wings, gave me $10.50, which doesn't even cover the sales tax.  Pizza was not very good either.  Spent more money on the delivery fee and the tip, than I did on the pizza.  Shady business practice.  Order from one of the other 1000 places in town; most of them will give you what you order, or at least tell you that they are out of what you ordered.
5	I've been coming here for several years. The first time I ordered a gyro, and have never tried anything else. I LOVE THEIR GYROS! This is not a place for gracious dining. It is small with a few table inside and a couple outside. You order at the counter and wait 5-7 minutes for them to make a fresh sandwich with a LOT of meat and a great flavor. I used to order the combo (sandwich, fries and a soda for $6.00, but I'm on a low carb diet and order the sandwich only for $4.99). This is a great sandwich at a great price. When I finish errands today, I'll phone a to-go order in and, with luck, it will be ready when I get there. And the people are nice.
2	*This review is based purely on a delivery order*Being a gyro lover, and with all of the competition out there, I would not choose this location to satisfy my gyro cravings.  The gyro meat was at the right temperature, texture, and flavor, but otherwise lacked any distinguishing characteristics.  The fries that were ordered along with the gyro were lifeless and bordering soggy, the house salad was merely a small bag of shredded lettuce with no dressing, and a few sprinklings of feta.  Furthermore, we had to wait more than an hour for our food to be delivered (delivery order), when all we had were two gyros, fries, and a salad.  The restaurant being less than a mile from our home, and no one communicating or trying to make up for the delay, left a bad taste in our mouths.
1	.
3	"...It's a good gyro, I mean you won't tzatziki in your pants, but it's a good gyro..."If looking for a quick bite at a fair price, 24th St Pizza & Gyro has a solid gyro in a great location.  There is plenty of good to say about their gyro; savory meat, plenty of fresh onions and tomatoes, dressed in a becoming tzatziki sauce.  I only mention the pizza because they do; sometimes one can get it on special for a $1 a slice and it's worth a buck.  There is room to sit, but on a warm day, it's kinda hard to cool the place down.  On a cool day, they have a couple few tables outside that make sitting for a moment worth it.  Otherwise, order it to go, where you can get the beverage of your choice as they only have 12ounce cans of cola with the combo; no fountain drinks also means no free refills.  They advertise delivery; I can't speak to it because 24 P&G has been thus far a location easy for me to dart in, order, and go.To Whom It May Concern:A decent business man said to me once, "...find your niche, don't try to be everything to everyone, find your niche and be the best at that..."  The gyro here is solid.  Enough so, that I wonder if it was the focus, perhaps with a walk-up take out window, maybe even a drive through, pushing the convenience of grabbing a savory gyro on the fly, with a fun approachable curb appeal, if this couldn't be a sustainable midtown gem.  Granted this is an impractical suggestion as remodeling can be expensive, or impossible if one doesn't own the building, but the gyro is good and the location is prime for hungry central valley Phoenicians looking for a quick inexpensive savory bite.
4	The gyros are good, best French fries ever.  A slice of pizza took a long time.    I like how small it is.  Family run.  Go here while waiting for your mienke oil change.
2	So I ordered some food for delivery via GrubHub, as expected during dinner time the wait time was just about an hour. I ordered at about 7 and some time passed when 8:20 had rolled around. The food hadn't arrived yet! I gave them a call to find out if the order was on the way and I spoke with a lady who was kind but unfortunately did not see my order because the fax didn't come through. While that isn't necessarily a reflection on the restaurant itself it just kind of sucked. I let it go - she was empathetic and told me that the order would leave the store in 20 minutes. Around 9 the order showed up and I went and grabbed my food from the driver at my gate. Upon opening the food I was surprised of the portion size. You definitely do not get what you pay for. While I don't mind spending $12 on a gyro platter I definitely thought it was a given that it would include at least one pita. The felafel was alright though. $4 for a small salad? No thanks.While I definitely don't have a problem with the customer service of the restaurant, I don't think the food is worth the price.
