5	When my car battery died a couple of weeks ago, I got it towed it to the dealership, thinking the battery was still under warranty.  Turns out, it wasn't.  Not only was the battery NOT under warranty, the dealership wanted to charge me $500 to replace the battery!!! ($220+ for the battery, plus $200+ for an hour and a half of labor to replace the battery, re-configure the car's computer, etc. and so forth.)  I almost blew a gasket, literally and figuratively.        Someone I know recommended this place to me.  I called and without telling him about the dealership, the owner/mechanic quoted me $160 to do the same stuff.  I knew this was a fair deal because AutoZone had provided a $148 quote for the battery.  (Apparently, my car's battery is in a funky spot so I couldn't make my husband do it, requires a specific foreign battery and needs some kind of computer reconfiguration. Oy!)  One jumped car later, I was at Arco Auto Center at 9:30am on the same morning I called.  I left the car, and next got a call at 11:00am that it was done and ready to be picked up.  The car had a new battery (the same brand/type the dealership said was $220+) and a two year battery warranty.The business itself is situated towards the back of the complex (there's a variety of mechanic shops), so it's not actually visible from Decatur.  Just keep driving 'till you hit the wall, literally.I don't know about the whole debit/credit card deal.  I paid in cash and got a slight break for paying with cash.    Overall, the place was very efficient, fair/reasonable and provides quality work.  It's not a fancy place, but I'll definitely take my car there again.  No rip-off in my opinion!
5	Ron is a really honest and professional auto repair specialist.  I have had him service my cars for more than four years with 5 star service every time.I have had my employees and family friends also take their cars in for service.  Every time with positive feedback.  He recently did a rear brake job on my wifes car for less than half of what the dealer quoted.  It pays to go here.  It's not fancy but the repairs will be done right on time every time.5 Stars for ARCO!
5	I have brought multiple cars to Ron with all sorts of problems. He is fair, honest, and compassionate in his business. He does his best to SAVE ME MONEY whenever he can. I love this guy. Seriously - I made him cookies.
5	Ron is an honest car mechanic. I trust him completely. He is extremely competent. Never had a problem he couldn't fix. Works on both foreign and domestic cars.
5	Ron is the BEST mechanic in town!  He's friendly, hard-working, and most of all -- an honest man! Everytime when I'm in the room waiting for my car to be serviced, it's always good to hear all of Ron's customers singing his praises!
5	This place is amazing, my car was leaking oil all over the place and needed the valve cover gasket replaced. A shop close to my house quoted me $500 for the repair, which seemed like a complete rip off. Then I found Arco on yelp, and when I called them up Ron quoted me 250 for the same job. I took my car there the next day, and the job was done quickly and neatly. They scraped the engine clean, and replaced everything that needed to be replaced at a very reasonable rate. I'm definitely coming back if my car needs anything else done.One thing to keep in mind though is that for some reason when you enter this address into a map app it'll say that the location is across the street from where it actually is. Arco is located on the West side of Decatur behind another auto shop.
5	Mr Ron is really honest person  His prices are fair. Great place. Same day drop off and pick up my cars. I worked with a lot of vegas mechanics but this guy is something unique. Recommend Arco auto center. Ask for MR RON.Just say pete from agam car rental sent you.. lowest price guarantee !!!!#
5	I'm let Ron to take care of my car for almost two years and never had any issues,  he is very honest person and very professional,  the rates always was reasonable, I'm very recommend this place ;)
5	This is the second time I have needed to see Ron.  He is genuine in nature.  His honesty & fair pricing will keep me a regular customer.  I highly rrcommend him.
5	One of the most honest mechanics around.  Went to him after a bad experience with perfect auto. Would recommend him to everyone
