4	It was a hard decision to give this place a 4 vs a 5. SG and I are A's fans. This place sells itself during Spring Training as a place to get all your Spring Training shirts and hats and stuff. BUT, they do not have any A's hats and almost no A's shirts. Come on guys, get some more A's stuff!!!!!They do have a great selection of ASU stuff for the locals and some really neat designs from the other teams that come down to spring training, hence the 4*. The owner, who is present in the shop, is very nice and very attentive to customers. The other staff are also very helpful. They have some great deals and some killer sales, so as long as you are not an A's fan, you will likely find just what you want!!!
4	I came to Cactus Sports because, for years now, I've been seeing their booth at A's games in Phoenix in March.  I finally had a break in my schedule and decided to pay them a visit.It's a little hole in the wall.  The prices aren't as good as I thought they'd be, but the sale items are.  You have to be careful, though: the flyer they give out says two-for-one, but it's only for their sale merchandise.  Still, I got two polo shirts for the price of one, and that's pretty good.And I was pleased to see they had a little more A's merchandise than previously noted.  But when you visit, you'll be overwhelmed by ASU stuff.
4	The people that work here are always very friendly and helpful. It's a pretty small place, but they have a good selection of ASU stuff at decent prices. Great items always on sale. I got my dad a nice ASU Dad t-shirt for about $15 and a cute blouse for myself for 40% off.  2 hour free parking is available just north of this location in n open parking lot from 6 or 8 am - 6pm, I think Monday through Friday. Sorry, I've forgotten  the exact days and start time. They also currently have stuff for the teams playing in the Insight Bowl.
5	I live in CA but travel to AZ quite often for games. The owner worked with me on some special orders to ensure we could pick them up on game day when we arrived in town. I have been in the store a dozen times to pick up ASU gear. They have a wonderful staff, a great selection and decent prices. The best part? The store is owned and operated by an ASU Alum. This is my go to spot for any and all ASU gear purchases.
3	The people here are very nice and friendly. After I paid I felt as if they were trying to rush me out the door.
5	All the employees are friendly, outgoing, and attentive ! The owner and his wife are there nearly all the time trying to better their business and making friends with just about everyone within a mile radius ! I hear they are opening up a new store and cannot WAIT to go see the cool spot ! Much better merch than most places I see and always at a fair price. I will be going back for sure. It's where I get all my gifts. Sweet and simple choices !
