5	Discovered this oldest barber shop near ASU (Arizona State University) in Tempe AZ from one of the local event. The old school style haircut for man only. It's not a salon, but it's definitely a place if you want to get nice haircut and some dirty joke while watching sports or news on two giant big screen TV. This is the oldest barbershop since 1962. They only open from Tuesday to Saturday. This is s small place without fancy decoration. They have many numbered haircut photos on their wall so you just tell them the number they will do the rest. They don't have any web site or advertisement, so you can only find their coupon at http://www.smartlocalshoppers.com/store/view/promotions/1069/ to save some money!They seem to take cash only. They have the oldest cashier register machine I have ever seem though.
5	Great old-school barber shop!  I've been going here for several years and always get a great cut!  Unlike some shops that change personnel frequently, these folks have been cutting hair in this shop for years, and they are all good!  They have the skills to cut your hair any way you want.  They are all friendly, and the flat screen TV's are fun to watch while you relax.  Lot's of history in this shop--get to know Mr. Nash and he'll tell you some great stories.  This is small business at it's best--finest guy's shop I've ever seen!  Mike
5	I've been going here for two years now. Best cut around, with fantastic prices. They're all great people, friendly and always ready to strike up a conversation. This is the barber shop to be at. Highly recommended.
5	First time there today.  Great place to get a haircut. Lots of good conversation and they barbers were very nice.  Went for a flat top and asked who did the best job and nobody would fess up! I had Dan cut it and he did a great job.  I'll continue to go back from this point on.
5	I've been looking for an old-school barber shop for a long time. I've tried a couple of places around the valley and never really felt completely satisfied until today when I walked into Nash's. These guys are pros. A warm, welcoming atmosphere, great conversation, and highly skilled and experienced barbers here. The shave was fantastic, and Al really paid attention to what I wanted. I highly recommend this place, I'm not sure I'll ever go anywhere else again.
4	Love the vibe of this barber shop. They have the classic chairs, two large tv's, and friendly staff. The cut was fine, no arguments there, I think I wanted a little more from Nash's. But overall 4/5 great place to get a quick cut with the barber shop feel.
5	Got my first cut at Nash's. Great place, good haircut, like the razor shave of the sideburns and neck and football was on. They seem like good guys and the story telling was fun; good reminder of when my grandfather took me to the barber shop. I like the haircut and will recommend them. Price was right too.
5	Was recommended this by a good friend of mine and I'll never go anywhere else. They do the straight razor to finish off the cut, the atmosphere is great, the guys are super friendly, and it's family owned. A haircut is only $14 and they do a great job for me every time. When someone asks me where to get a haircut, I say go to Nash's.
5	I found this place on yelp. It has a great rating which is well deserved. There is nothing special about the place except for the quality of my haircut. I knew what I wanted and it was delivered to perfection. The barber was far more thorough and cut my hair with more care than I have come to expect. I got a perfect haircut for $14. If you are a manly man and want a haircut in an old school barber shop this is the place for you.
4	Got a good haircut at this friendly establishment. It is clearly family owned as the father was cutting hair right next to his son who is apparently taking over the business soon. It was $14 and they do use that straight edge razor to complete the cut. The son was my barber, but either way, you should get a good trim. The TV is right in front of the cutting stations and it is a large screen, plus they have mirrors in front of you so you can see your work in progress. Also overheard that a Pet Store is opening in that shopping center soon as well.
5	I have been coming here for years. Reminds me of the old school manly man barber shops of the past. The haircuts are excellent the conversation is superb and I always feel welcome when I'm in there. I highly recommend this place if you need a cut or a shave as it is a great small business with people who actually care.
5	Authentic barber experience.In today's world of Super Cuts et al where you're just one of the many customers who the girls operate on while doing their more interesting activity ( gossip), over here you get a more personal experience.I've got my haircut from Nash himself. The guy is loaded with experience and sincere charm. Apart from doing the haircut he also gave some usual hair care tips.
