3	Had a big fat Greek Gyro.  It was a big fat good greek gyro with the typical yogurty sauce, tomato, onion and lettuce.  New location.  Not crowded, staff was very nice.  Put PIta on the grill, once warm made the big fat Greek Gyro.  Had a spanakopita also.  They have soup, salad and a few other sandwiches, also have a few deserts including baklava.
4	Well this place isn't called my big fat greek gyro for nothing. This gyro was certainly big and fat. I thought that it was as good as a huge gyro can get, the ingredients were fresh and the tzatziki sauce was also very good. Warm pita with the typical lamb beef combination meat. The service was fast and friendly. Good place to stop for a quick lunch or dinner. They also had some other smaller greek options on the menu along with the option for a chicken pita if you want to roll that way.
4	It was very good. Very clean.
5	Favorite lunch spot in the whole Mt. Lebanon strip
5	I ate here for dinner tonight with my girlfriend.  We were originally going elsewhere but did not have reservations and so sort of stumbled into here and boy am I glad we did.  The decor consists of Pittsburgh items like a signed Crosby jersey and photos of the bridges.  There are also card games on all of the tables and we played 20 questions while waiting for our food.For dinner my girlfriend and I decided to start out with the hummus and pita chips.  Whenever it was brought over to us I was surprised by the small amount of pita and large amount of hummus.  The pita was warmed up though and tasted nicely, as did the hummus, but we had extra hummus even after adding copious amounts per piece of pita.  I decided on the traditional gyro for my entree as did my girlfriend.  It was served with a fork as there was no way you could wrap up all the meat in the pita.  I was also pleasantly surprised by how moist the meat was and it all tasted wonderfully.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.  I was surprised by how much I actually enjoyed the gyro and would recommend it to all.
4	I'm weird. I generally don't like lamb, but I'll eat gyros, and Big Fat Greek Gyros makes good ones. I also really liked the grape leaves and the tater tots. The guys that work here are fun to talk to as well. Neat, laid-back, cheap place.
4	Fantastic gyro meat and a great staff. I'm a fan.
4	I recommend the crispy chicken sandwich in a pita as really tasty, large portion for price.  My mom enjoyed soup - young owner said his mom makes the soups.  Went twice so far, enjoyed food both times, will return.   Clean, including clean bathroom.
4	Not quite Mike and Tony's, but a good gyro. Clean place, good staff, cheap enough, and a large portion gyro.
4	Bought a living social deal for this place and I was very impressed.  I got the traditional gyro and there was a TON of meat on it.  My wife got the gyro platter which came with a side salad and a generous amount of fries.  They put so much meat on her platter I had to help finish it (which I totally didn't mind).  Very clean dining area with a modern vibe.  Would definitely come here again.
5	My wife and I have been to the Mt. Lebo location and the McMurray location on a number of occasions and I've been to the Market Square location for work lunches.  All locations have great quality and value.  We had a deal from LivingSocial on our last visit and we were not disappointed.  We had two gyros and an order of fries.  We had our two year old daughter with us and they recently added hotdogs to the menu, so we grabbed that for her.  The portions are HUGE.  I am not a small guy and we both had leftovers for the next day.  The amount of meat that is in the gyro is unbelievable and the gyro sauce and vegetables are so fresh.  We were not sure if our daughter would be a fan of the gyro meat, but even she loved it.To top it all off, the employees at the Mt. Lebo location were great.  They were pleasant, helpful and extremely accommodating.  We will definitely return!
2	We had dinner in on July 29 2014. 2 regular Gyros , Spinach Pie, Meat Grape Leaves and 2 drinks.  Bill $28. A little pricey $$$ compared to others in area. Spinach Pie and Grapes Leaves werent homemade nothing special. GYROS were fresh with plenty of lamb. They didnt fry their meat which is good. Clean with friendly staff... 2 Stars at best.I am a Greek and know what real greek Gyros etc should taste like.. this is not  Greek owned and the food is not authentic. Just a food chain of processed foods ...  Really folks its clean and they try but nothing special. There is NO Yiayia here :-)Over priced and you serve yourself. Dont waste your money.
5	Love the new setup - Chipotle style ordering for your gyro. Lentils, rice, both or a salad for the base then you get to choose from a slew of other toppings. We got a couple bowls, some Greek style fries, and some dessert, all of which were awesome.
