5	An independent chain, Thyme pride themselves on offering 'Freshly made food with a pinch of perfection.'Alongside catering for offices and local businesses in the city, they currently have two outlets where you can order fresh sandwiches, salad bowls, yoghurt and granola, fruit pots and drinks. Prices are slightly cheaper than Pret and you get to choose between sliced bread, baguettes, bagels, rolls and wraps. The crayfish and rocket and thyme house with chicken and avocado are both pretty delicious but it's the caesar salad that hits the bullseye.  I opted for the wrap and my tastebuds were delighted by the strips of crispy bacon, parmesan shavings, crispy cos lettuce and caesar dressing accompanying the moist pieces of chicken. Hell, it even had a sprinkling of toasted pine nuts - which in my eyes makes it a 5 star lunch!
5	In the name of reviewing duties, I'm known to spread the net far and wide especially at lunchtimes, yet it was with almost a sense of disappointment that I stumbled across Thyme on my extended venture to this neck of the woods.Disappointed because I hoped to find someplace new and untried, yet deep down I knew it was impossible to resist a Bacon and Brie on a poppyseed roll from here. Even if I'm not hungry, I literally find it impossible to walk past Thyme on Holyrood Road, and I expect the same effect every time I'm in the vicinity of this one.The menu looks outstanding, but I just can't stop eating that same sarnie over and over. I genuinely believe that there can't be a better sandwich in the world.
5	I am fortunate enough to walk by Thyme on my way into work in the morning and have started popping in to grab my lunch on my way.  Their breakfast foods look outstanding, but I'm there to get the fuel which will keep me going in the afternoon.  Every time I stop in here the staff are SO nice.  They make up the roll quick as can be, and it is just packed full of goodness.  The fillings are so fresh and interesting, made on lovely fresh bread.  I've raved so much about my lunched recently that as I write this, my coworkers are on the Thyme website picking out fillings and getting excited for placing an order for delivery (which, by the way, is such a great service!).
5	Y.U.M. This is my favourite take away lunch place close to work. The salads are amazing - my favourites are the half & half (half salad, half couscous) Chicken & Falafal or Chicken & Cashew nuts. The soup is home-made & comes with a thick piece of bread. They normally have 3 soup options but you need to be really prompt as it's mega busy with the work lunch crowd and the soups go fast!! The service is mega speedy and friendly - they acknowledge regulars which I like.The only thing I'd like them to do more of is hot baked potato fillings - if they did a chili filling, I'd probably be here everyday, mixing it up with my salads, soups and baked potato depending on my level of hungriness.
