5	Very neat, brand new place. Its nice and cool inside, perfect place to bring the family in the summer! The owner was very nice and accommodating. Some holes were pretty challenging, but the young family in front of us didn't seem to have any meltdowns. Everything was very clean and really glowed! We ended it with an ice cream cone at Sweet Republic and it made for a perfect date.
5	Fun place! Glow putt is an awesome idea with a unique spin on mini putt. Also, it's indoors which is nice for living in Arizona. Great atmosphere inside with music, colors, and black lights. Owner was very friendly too. Had a great time here!
5	Nice, fun and simple glow in the dark course with a great staff. It's simple but not like any other mini golf course I've seen because you get to put the golf balls through contraptions that make them glow. The staff even stayed later for us just so we could finish playing.
5	Brand new location, super friendly staff, glow in the dark courseA group of 6 went here to mini golf and we all had a great time. The staff is very friendly, getting us started in just a few mins. We each got a glow in the dark bracelet which you can keep. The course itself is 18 holes, some a little more challenging making it more competitive. The decor is awesome and there's neat contraptions to get the ball to "glow" at various stations. The last hole has a prize option if youre especially skilled!
5	Me and my wife had a fun time coming here on our date.  The wait times were short and the staff were very friendly.  The clever use of black lights and glow in the dark stuff make it all interesting.  We even got a free card giving us another free game.  We will one back again!Thx!
5	Just got done. Had so much fun! We used a Groupon but even without its affordable. Staff was super nice and helpful. Everything was explained. Had a great time!!
2	Simple, claustrophobic and overpriced. The place looks very cheaply put together. Courses are very simple.The putting holes are just plywood sprayed with glow in the dark paint. It's a neat idea and place but the holes are really close together. It's pretty claustrophobic. But we got a hole in one at the last hole and got a free round of golf. It was hot in there too.
3	Indoor 18-hole mini golf. Went on Saturday around 2pm. Smaller place than I expected. Went to play right away. Pricing is fair, remember it's indoor, so you don't have to deal with 100+ degrees, I'm willing to pay extra. Staff was friendly. Mixture of easy and difficult courses. It's fun! There was a party room (we didn't use) that had fridge, microwave, and seems like plugs to connect your phones/ipod to play your own music. All in all, great concept with good potential with few tweaks in executions to pay attention: limit less people to play not to overcrowded, crank up a/c that didn't seem to work well during the time we were there once more people came in, hassle to get key for restrooms.
5	Six of us went to this,  we had family from out of town visiting. The staff was wonderful and everyone had a great time.
4	We just visited this place over the weekend for the first time. We used a groupon for $20.00 me, my husband and two kids could golf! That was a great deal! The place is a little small ans could be a bit cleaner but overall we had a blast and the glow in the dark theme is a great idea!
4	Way cooler than being in the heat, awesome time. My only complaint is that its small, so if its busy your waiting 10 mins per hole. However seriously it didn't matter, tons of fun.
4	I went here with three friends and it was a lot of fun! There was a mix of families and adults. We stayed for about 1.5 hours and enjoyed how each hole was different. Really fun neon decor too. It was packed since it was a Saturday night, so we did have to wait for a few minutes between holes. Staff was extremely helpful and friendly. Tip: since the place closes at 10pm, try arriving before 9pm.
5	Wonderful family friendly atmosphere. Affordable prices and super clean bathrooms! Not too busy and the kids had a blast with the glow in dark colors.
5	If you're looking for something fun and inexpensive to do, this is a great place to go! The owner/manager is very nice and will let you choose between 5 different colored glow-in-the-dark bracelets "just for fun". There are 18 holes and there are a few that look deceivingly simple but they actually are harder than you think. This is fun for all ages and any group size!
5	What a great concept for mini golf. My wife and I came here for a random date night. When we decided on this place we had no idea of what to expect but thought the concept was fun.As soon as you enter, you're welcomed with neon lights everywhere. To start off, they give you a glow in the dark bracelet and you pick a glow in the dark putter. Every few holes, there are benches where you can "recharge" your glow in the dark golf balls. The holes aren't too difficult but it's the atmosphere that makes it enticing. Also, if you get a hole in one on the 18th hole you get a prize.My wife and I are definitely coming back and we're bringing friends with us next time
5	Fun place to especially beat the heat in summer months.  They also offer birthday parties.  The staff is very friendly and looking forward to going back!
5	We LOVED this place!!!!! Celebrated my son's 14th bday with siblings, cousins and even grandparents and ALL (ages 8-75!) had a GREAT time! Lots of laughter and memories made. This place is very CLEAN, well run, had fund holes and cover contraptions throughout the course, well organized, and fun establishment! Wish we lived closer and we would go all the time. We were in town for the holidays. My kids cannot WAIT to go back. Thank you!
5	We liked Glow Putt so much we went back the very next day. They've been open about 5 months, and the concept is awesome. I may be dating myself but this is mini-Golf meets Tron. They took poorly performing unproductive retail space, painted some wood to glow in the dark, added fluorescent lighting (to charge the paint after hours), some black lights and some imagination and voila, we have glow in the dark mini golf. It is dark enough to appreciate the concept but still bright enough to see your way around. My 7 year old and 5 year old both loved it, as did the rest of the family. The owners thought of everything - even the scorecard on the mini-clipboard glows, and it hangs from a lanyard around your neck. You get a glowing bracelet, and the clubs and balls glow too. The cost is reasonable, and the owner and staff are all super nice. The holes are much more simple than at the more traditional mini golf venues around town - here there are no windmills, but you don't miss the bells, whistles and animation of the other places. My son loved to charge the ball every few holes, and especially on hole #17. The silly wheel to spin on #11 was a nice touch. 8 and 15 are deceptively simple and too short, but still challenging.  My favorite hole is 13 - I think that's the one with the pinball action where the ball drains to a lower level.  Glow putt is a great concept, and it is very well executed.
5	The best glow in the dark mini golf place we have played.  We got fun little glow in the dark bracelets just as a cute perk. The course is themed jungle with some unique holes.  One even has a wheel to spin.  My husband had to play with his foot, while I had to bark like a dog.  The 18th hole was great, you end up playing "Plinko" after you hit it up a chute.They played fun, popular music and the whole play is clean and new looking.  I loved that there were recharging places for the ball every couple of holes, so it stayed bright and glowing.Bathrooms were nice and clean as well.
5	Picked this place for a date night with my boyfriend. Had a blast playing glow mini golf and glow air hockey. While I lost by only a little, the holes were relatively simple and some a bit more challenging. We had a great time and look forward to going back again, on our own or with our kids! Also, the price was great for a game and you can play again for about have price! Sweet!
