4	Forget that place in Southside, this is my pretzel shop.  That may be a bit harsh, but the pretzel's at Vinnie's are just so much better.  If you are looking for an Auntie Anne's knock-off, you should keep on looking since the only sweet-dough variety he makes is filled with chocolate chips.  I have tried the following:Regular (with a side of cheddar)Cinnamon and SugarParmesanGarlicThe proportions were all there in all of the different pretzels, nothing overdone -- like too much salt.  My favorite out of the lot was the garlic pretzel stick.  Damn that thing was good.  The only issue with the garlic is that it is a hot and cold item that sometimes sells and sometimes doesn't so it is not always there.  The parmesan pretzel stick is a good stand-by.  It is nice to know that they make the pretzels fresh in batches as they are consumed by the customers.  Next time I call ahead so that I can get a garlic pretzel special made.  Otherwise, I think I can eat a regular and a parmesan at the same time.
4	I had a pretzel sandwich from Vinne's last weekend. What a genius idea - sandwich + pretzel! You can get chicken salad, tuna, turkey or ham. I had turkey with provolone and the sandwich was so big I saved half for lunch the next day.We also ordered some pepperoni pretzels that have pepperoni and cheese in them, which are amazing. I had a pepperoni roll from another Brookline Blvd establishment and it was just bread with a tiny bit of pepperoni. The pepperoni pretzel is a much better value.Vinnie could not have been a nicer guy - he also gave us free pretzels to munch on while we were waiting for our sandwiches. We will definitely be back.
4	Darren brought me here for a quick breakfast yesterday morning, and I loved it. What I had was a "Brookline," which is a "hot pocket" made with their pretzel dough, topped with salt, and filled with scrambled eggs, onions, cheese, and I think bacon and eggs. Why go to a convenience store or a fast food restaurant for breakfast-on-the-go when you have places like Vinnie's?
5	Great friendly customer service, also a variety of pretzel products at a reasonable price! Definitely a place to stop at if your in Brookline :)
4	First impression - wow - the cheesesteak pretzels are delicious - a must try ...Second impression - the cash only policy sucks, a lot and just feels backwards. (I realize the owner has to pay fees but , still, it's horribly inconvenient and prevents me from patronizing, usually ...)Solid old-world food on a still fairly doudy / culturally-deserted Brookline Blvd.Order ahead for faster service .The feature pretzels are $4-5 which I feel is expensive  .
2	I got their Almost Famous Cheese Stake pretzel and three plain ones. I think their website is wrong, I got charged a $1 extra for something, I'm assuming it's for the cheese stake pocket. But later my husband told me that if I buy more than three plain pretzels they do a discount. Now I feel cheated. No one likes to be cheated. I don't care about the extra dollar, but the first impression I got from this place is not a good one. I don't see me, nor my coworkers ordering from here.By the way, my husband was starving and he did finished his cheese stake pocket but he said it wasn't anything out of the ordinary. And for the pretzels: Vinnie's keep their pockets and pretzels displayed in a glass case that keeps them warm but as soon as those pretzels cool off they're stiff and not very desirable.
5	Great Place. All kinds of different delicious pretzels. I dislike cake so for my birthday last year they made me a huge Pretzel in the shape of 40, My birthday is coming up again and I just went up to tell them I'll be needing a 41 next month. Friendly people, great prices, just an all around great place!!!!!!
3	We really wanted to love this place, as we're big pretzel fans.  We thought the Cheesesteak pretzel was a bit disappointing, and the pretzel bun doesn't taste very pretzel-y.  The pepperoni pretzel was very good and my son loved the cinnamon pretzel, but while those items tasted as good as the other pretzel place we go to, the price was a bit higher.
