1	Review on customer Service @ Drive thruWow- 18 mins wait at the drive-thru( and I was the only car). WTF the teller was slow as hell and three people was just standing there looking at me( I had to get out the car just to make sure they wont getting rob). I had to ring the bell several times, and hippo finally came- telling me about someones lunch break. Well by then I was pissed, so I told her that wasn't my problem and it shouldn't take that  long. Dum ass still didn't follow directions when I told her how I wanted my money.  I think I may call up to the branch in the morning and fuss.-jk
1	This is the worst B of A location in Las Vegas.  Service is fake friendly until there is something semi challenging then no one is competent to help.I phoned customer service to make sure my daily withdrawl limit was sufficient as I was playing in a large buyin tournament at the WSOP (I play poker professionally).  Customer service assured me it would be no problem and that I could make the withdrawl at any branch.I came into the branch and the teller got the plump blonde manager over to approve the transaction (I had plenty of cash in my acct to cover it, nothing pending) and she simply wouldn't approve the transaction.  More than that she wouldn't give me any reason why.  WTF???Remaining calm, I contacted support again.  They said I should be able to make the withdrawl, and they asked to speak to the branch manager.  The teller refused to touch my phone, and said there was no phone number support could reach them at, and they could not call out.  Comical.  The support agent on the phone laughed at the fact that the branch wouldn't talk to her and apologized to me.Worse yet, the blonde manager remained in her office too busy eating or something to come out and address the issue.  I never raised my voice or acted unprofessionally towards anyone.I missed the tournament thanks to this absurdity at B of A.  The branch manager or manager on duty (chubby blonde girl) should seriously be fired.  She showed absolutely no empathy for my situation and hid in her office.
5	Not certain why this location has such a low rating. Every time I visit, it is very clean and well managed by staff. The tellers are very professional, nice and accommodating. I hate going to the bank but these employees make it not so bad. If you're in the area and need to make a BofA run, I don't find any issues stopping here. It's pretty much on par for me. Kudos!
3	Meh, its a bank.Short wait time, staff was helpful. I had to make a deposit for a friend. Easy in and on my way.
4	Good location as far as banks go.  Nice tellers.  See Luz as an account manager.  She will take care of you.
