4	I lalalove this store. OMGosh, ive been tryna look for a store thats kinda like in between of URBAN OUTFITTERS and FOREVER 21.. couldnt find one til now. One thing about this place though is that you gotta mix and match the stuff. but staff are very helpful. oh , wanna get in to one secret? Meadows Mall location has all the cheap and sale stuff and Fashion Show location has the retail prices. so if youre going for cheaper price meadows mall it is.
3	Buying "Clothing with a Cause" is so much better than buying clothing without one.CHARITY: Cotton On has a charity that (surprise, surprise) helps the kids in Africa. At the register, you have the option to donate your change by rounding your purchase to the next dollar. They also sell cheap-y string bracelets for $1, where 100% of the proceeds go to the charity--I suckered in, IMPULSE BUY!COTTON: The store is littered with cotton / poly blend clothing. If anyone is familiar with Target clothing, the prices here are comparable. I can imagine the F21, Wet Seal, and Charlotte Russe customer loving this place.It's a little hipster and you should pick and choose accordingly. Cotton On is blowing up and college kids across the city are flocking to their stores around town. Chances are you'll see a couple people wearing the same yellow shorts you got because you wanted to be unique. Good spot to hit if you're looking to get into the color-block trend or want to pick up inexpensive basic coordinates. Like this place for their philanthropy, clothing is average.
4	Located at the upper level (Dillard's side) of the Fashion Show Mall, this is probably the smallest store, but well-stocked and clean nonetheless. One of my must-stops when I am in this mall.Love this store for the basics- the cardigans and dresses are my favorite, here. Reasonable prices- lots under $20, stylish staples, good ideas on layering featured on the displays above. Again, why didn't I write my review sooner?! Last night, came here and absolutely fell in love with their lace dresses in two styles and in so many colors- not just black, yellow, bright blue, gray, beige, and burgundy, that I may come here after I am done shopping for christmas gifts, and get something for myself. I felt so bad when I missed out on their first round of lace dresses (earlier this year, but I was pregnant, and my hubby was wondering why I was looking at normal clothes- but I knew I wasn't going to be pregnant forever).  My husband doesn't like the sizing for mens clothes, metro male sizing- think of a skinny male with no muscles. I'm a medium here, so I'm not complaining. (In petites, I'm a medium. Im maternity, I'm a small or x-small. In junior sizing, I'm a large, in kids sizing, I'm an XL, so it's all relative.)On the styles, it's not sparkly and glittery (teen, or pre-teen), more of a classic, but still a bit on the trendy side. I love Ann Taylor, Banana Republic, The Limited, Gap, Old Navy- just to give you an idea of my style.Also this chain-store brand donates to charity- you can do your part too, by accepting when the clerk asks you to round up, to donate the balance to charity. It's so easy so I always do it.
