5	I needed a surveillance system for my office , heard of this company through  friend.Asaf is the tech that helped me , I setup a DVR camera system,I can view it from From IPhone , The price was great with no hidden surprises, highly recommended.
4	i needed some cameras for my garage and my front doori had  3 quotations , he was the nicest  guy over the phoneand  he also delivered in timeinstalled in and out in few hrs
5	This is now my goto place in Vegas for security cameras. They provided A+ service, gave me many options and price ranges to choose from, and there was no pressure whatsoever. Basically they gave me the pros/cons and let me decide what was best for me.Asaf gave me a quote and then showed up with 2 other employees a few days later to to the install. These guys were all very cool, nice, and easy to work with. My Story: I had a security system installed about a year ago and the picture started degrading and I needed some new cameras installed over my driveway (due to a car recently being stolen) and entry way. These guys were able to fix all the existing connections, fix and hide previously horribly ran cable, and install two brand new cameras to my existing system. Everything went perfect and I got exactly what I wanted.Great to find a small business in Vegas that provides high quality services, will do business with them again.
5	I was looking to install security cameras in my home in Henderson, I looked in the yellow pages and got one quote, then looked on Yelp and found "In The Sky". Asaf came to house and suggested camera locations and the number of cameras needed,  he gave me options on camera quality and recording devices.  He was honest and upfront on all cost, I liked how he priced each camera and explained picture quality.   System was installed in two days they had to run Cat 5 wires in attic for the eight cameras in some very tight space.  Once installed Asaf adjusted cameras, reviewed the system, then a computer person hooked it up to Internet and smart phones.  Pictures  look GREAT clear both day and night, I would definitely call Asaf again, he was very professional and his expertise shows in the quality of his work. I'm very happy with the cameras and the system that was installed.
5	I was very pleased with the service I received from In The Sky. I have a 2,300 square foot, two story home that I wanted to install a security camera system. Asaf promptly came to my house and after inspecting the situation we agreed that a 6 camera system with remote viewing capabilities would best suit my residence. Asaf showed up yesterday with three electricians and they completed the entire installation in about eight hours. I was expecting the install to take 1.5 days but he completed the project ahead of schedule. The wiring was put inside the walls so there is no unsightly wiring on the exterior or interior of the premise. I already had a security camera DVR and Asaf had his tech set up and program my existing DVR to work with the new cameras. I appreciate that he didn't try to sell me a new DVR, but instead made my existing unit compatible with the new system. The infrared capable cameras do a great job even will little or no light. Each camera illuminates an area as afar as 60 or 75 away.  I can remotely view the residence via my iPhone or iPad. With 2 terabyte hard drive I can record about 6 weeks of continuous video from all 6 cameras. The price was comparable to quotes I received from other vendors and the service was great.
5	This company is really professional, helpful and take responsibility for their clients.Asaf is really nice a person, full of patience and very knowledgeable. He provide all kinds of solutions for both business and residential. I like this company, the service, and the products. FIVE STAR!!
5	Long overdue review.... Asaf is fantastic!  I am in the middle of a major remodel and spoke with several companies about running cat 6 and cable throughout the house as well as wiring for sound.  Not only was Asaf's bid the most reasonable but he actually showed up on time and did the work quickly, cleanly and efficiently.  My general contractor even complimented the work he did.  What really impressed me was that after he finished the job he bid for, I realized I need more wiring for an area I overlooked.  I only had a day until the drywall was going up and Asaf changed his schedule in order to meet the needed time frame... and he didn't even charge me for it!  All in all, he is professional, responsible and very easy to work with.  I will definitely hire him again for my next project!
5	I own a retail store and this company had a great solution for me. I am able see the transaction superimposed over the live feed on my camera. Great tool! Asaf also was very professional and provided excellent service. I highly recommend this company.
5	Long overdue review.... Asaf is fantastic!  I am in the middle of a major remodel and spoke with several companies about running cat 6 and cable throughout the house as well as wiring for sound.  Not only was Asaf's bid the most reasonable but he actually showed up on time and did the work quickly, cleanly and efficiently.  My general contractor even complimented the work he did.  What really impressed me was that after he finished the job he bid for, I realized I need more wiring for an area I overlooked.  I only had a day until the drywall was going up and Asaf changed his schedule in order to meet the needed time frame... and he didn't even charge me for it!  All in all, he is professional, responsible and very easy to work with.  I will definitely hire him again for my next project!
5	I had 4 cameras installed with a DVR in my two-story home.  In the Sky did a fantastic job.  The estimate was cheaper than others I had called. To complete the job in a single day, a four-man crew showed up and knocked it out in six hours.  I am very satisfied with the quality and cost of the work completed.  When I expand my system, I plan on calling In the Sky again.
1	Called and. Left message. Told them that I had a home invasion and neeed a 6 camera system.  They have not returned my call and follow up second call.
5	Hands down, the best of the best! His prices are competitive and he truly knows what he's doing. Plus it is very obvious that he cares about his customers. My company hired him to install security cameras and he worked relentlessly to accommodate our chaotic situation. I can't give him enough stars!!
5	I was  shopping around for some prices for surveillance cameras and nanny cams, I called 3 different companies to give me a quote, only IN THE SKY came out to give me a priced for it, since the 1st phone call with Asaf the owner, he took the time to explained me different options according to my budget, we agreed to a price and date   to start, not only show up on time , but made as feel comfortable leaving my wife and kids around, for the priced and the quality of the work it is well worth it, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS COMPANY  to anyone  who is looking for nanny cams,Also not  all the companies up there install nanny cams, this is also a plus for   Asaf and his company..
