4	The Rogue can be fun.  You have to be good and liquored up when you go, and go with a bunch of people.  Strictly a Saturday night bar.  Lots of greasers during the weekdays.  Strong drinks.
2	The Rogue USED to be REALLY cool ... down to earth "punkers" with brains (unlike Jugheads) ... come with an open mind and your cool.  No doubt it (was) one of Phoenix's few cool hang outs (IMHO) ... too bad the owner fired all the cool staffers over a year ago.Rick (a really cool and attractive) female bartender ... is sadly missed.
2	Its perfect for checking out fleshy new tat's on beautiful punk rock chicks. But its not a real good place to be dressed up at. Definetly go in something greaser-ish, biker-ish or in just plain chill clothes... This place reminds me of some clubs up in Seattle.Good atmosphere, decent dj although he could get a larger selection of discs.
2	a very dear friend of mine worked here for ...almost a year? i used to adore this bar and come 2-3 times a week - 50 cent PBR monday was very popular for some time. i have to say i have not been back since my lady friend stopped bartending there. then i heard about the Sat night thing and was intrigued, but then ultimately turned off. i thought it might be like how Hot Pink used to be, but maybe i''m just too old for that to sound fun anymore or something.this review may not be too helpful since i haven't been in over a year, but it's a huge space with a more rockabilly/gearhead/old school punk crowd (during the week that is). fantastic juke box, cheap drinks, heavy pours.it's totally missable, but look for the convenient store. even if there's a spot in the parking lot, i wouldn't do it - you end up having to BACK OUT onto scottsdale road, and after a few drinks, and it being scottsdale road at 1 or 2 a.m. it's a terrible idea. just go to the next residentail street, turn right and park in the neighborhood. i've never had a problem doing that. don't park in the convenient store parking lot though, he will tow you.two...and a half stars
4	in a city with very little in terms of indie bars, this place is probably the best. i'm not sure why people are so down on this place in yelp. i only go there on saturday nights, but the drinks are plenty strong (if not too strong), there are usually alot of people dancing come midnight, the staff and djs there are really cool, and the music is the best of any place in phoenix.all that being said, it's not that great of a place. it's very small, has very little space at the bar, has no patio where you can drink, has virtually no parking, has about the worst public restroom situation you will ever find, and they constantly run out of certain beers like bass or harp.its really dissapointing that the best venue that phoenix can do for it's best indie dance night is a dive like this place, but its still worlds better then paying assloads for the terrible music and people at scottsdale and tempe bars. it does feature some really cool decor, great giant plush booths, a pool table, an awesome juke box, cheap strong booze, and the best indie dance night in the city.
4	As far as dive bars go, the Rogue rocks. It's dingy, small, dark and PBR flows like water at this south Scottsdale haven, which is popular with punk rockers and indie rock types. The hipster bar used to be slammed on Mondays when they hosted their 50-cent PBR night. Now Saturdays are the night to see-and-be-seen. DJ/promoter William Reed brings Shake!, a popular weekly rock 'n' roll dance party, to the bar every week with notable guests DJs such as Belle & Sebastian or the Hot Hot Heat. You'll find faux-hawked haired people dancing on the small dance floor along with the tattooed-and-the-pierced on Saturdays. And believe me, it IS a scene.Mike Joyce of The Smiths will be taking over the wheels of steel for a special guest DJ set on Saturday, Sept. 29. Check out williamreedpresents.com for a calendar of who's going to be spinning  during Shake!.
2	They remodeled the place a few years ago - it still sucks. It's usually impossible to find parking. The bathrooms remind me of the "worst toilet in Scotland" from Trainspotting. The people that frequent this place are trying so hard to be different that they just end up being the same. This place sprang from a need to have a place in Scottsdale where people could dance and not have to hang around Scottsdale douchebags and snobs and plastics... ironically, this place has become full of a new breed of snobs and douchebags. There's no official dress code, but there is a dress code - you have to look like a fashion disaster or alterna-hipster with your "unique" uniform.It's nearly impossible to get a drink unless you know someone or look like you know someone or perhaps have fucked someone who works there. It's the kind of place that belongs in Phoenix - it's conveniently located in Scottsdale though. I have friends who love this place, but I just think it's a shit-hole. I'm sure if I was still in College, I'd like it. I'm just too old for this kind of thing - not quite 'cool' enough. What's funny is that a year or so ago, it was more of a punky place.
1	I agree with everything that Max A. said about this place.  I went in here not too long ago as some friends really wanted to go for last call.  If you are turned on by watching some pale anorexic looking girl wearing a gas mask dance on a bar, then this place is for you.  If you like bad hair, white belts and crappy tattoos, this is also right up your alley.  I wanted to grab some of the girls in here and just give them sandwiches and some sunshine and tell them that their Daddy did love them.  I won't be going back here, its just depressing.
3	It's a dirty skeevy looking little hole that shares a wall with a liquor store.  Score! The staff all seemed to be friendly and in good spirits. The DJ was great the night I was there and gave out all kinds of fun Joy Division schwag to celebrate the new Ian Curtis biopic.  The crowd was kind of interesting, but nothing to write Yelp about.  Mostly a bunch of people getting their groove on or getting their drink on.  The booths against the south wall are a nice touch.  It looks like the sort of place you might meet a smuggler to take you to Alderaan.  This Mos Eisley comparison may have been colored by the guy in the Vader mask and all the people in strange costumes the night I went.  Except instead of bulbous headed aliens playing swing jazz, you get Twisted Sister, She Wants Revenge, Bloc Party and Billy Idol.I wasn't drinking that night so I can't exactly vouch for the drinks.  The dance floor is tiny and crowded but everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves.  I have no idea if it is as much fun when it's not the Saturday before Halloween but I'm willing to come back and find out.
2	2.5 stars. I think I was most turned off by the crappy service at Rogue on a recent Saturday night for William F Reed's Shake dance night.  Whether they were understaffed or what, I don't know.  But the wait for a drink at the dark dank bar was at least 20 minutes. I spied Mike's pitcher from a few minutes earlier and thought that would be a better deal since it took so freaking long to even get the attention of the bartender.  The bartender chick snapped at me and screamed "No more pitchers!" when she had just served one a few minutes earlier, so I had to settle for carrying around a bunch of PBR cans like an effing high schooler.  Shoot, if I knew I would be lugging beers in my pockets I would have made alternate plans.  I'm not above bringin a flask. The crowd is kind of all over the place, like Glam and Homme, except here it skews more indie punk rock or wannabe indie punk rock. I love me some divey bar, so I was looking forward to a decent time at Rogue.  That bar experience left a bad taste in my mouth.  Cheap ass drinks couldn't make up for it. I might be back, but I'm in no hurry.The bar itself is dark and dirty (bathrooms vie for the sickest in town, parking lot vies for smallest in town), and I'm ok with that, but with the crappy bar service, what would the saving grace be?  The people and the music.  Seeing a dozen or so friends (including Bonnie and Michael) randomly converge on this place after a concert rocked in my book.  And top that with everyone screaming and dancing to "Your Love" by Outfield.  And that's worth at least two stars right there.
1	If you want to contract an STD, have your clothes ruined by indoor smoking, and drink cheap PBRs...then this place is for you.I love dive bars, but this place is the trashiest of the trash.
1	TRASH. TRASH. TRASH.This bar is a complete waste of time. The only time I will go there now is if a friend is playing there. Every time I have gone it is like our generations excuse to be completely uninhibited, disgusting and irresponsible. Not to mention if you want a free show of someone blowing someone else, screwing, fighting or snorting things this is THE place to be.
2	I went to the Rogue a couple years ago when Shake hosted a Louis XIV after-party and my friend was guest dj-ing.  I had to drive all the way from my sister's house in Surprise just to go to this place.I do not like the size of the dance floor.  I could barely get around with a whole lot of people dancing all at once.  The parking sucks, too.  I had to park in the residential area nearby.  The drinks are cheap, though.We have something similar in San Diego.  It's called the Whistle Stop...and Transport and Booty Basement are its equivalent of Shake.  It used to be cool, but we have bros invading from Pacific Beach.  I wonder if it's similar at Rogue.
5	Face it everybody.  We live in a soul-less, paved-over, mercilessly blistering, cultural wasteland.I want to be reluctant to admit it as well, but its true.But every now and again you find something to ease the pain of Valley dwelling and Rogue bar is the band-aid.Its strange seeing this place transform from straight dive with cheap PBR back in the early 00's, to a lounge spot with a FANTASTIC jukebox, to the trendy, indie-bar-of-the-second.And strangely, i feel like I've grown with it.Sure there are the staples, the cheap beer, the amazing music, the unique clientle, but the additions -- DJs, the bartenders, the precocious vibe -- all have transformed Rogue into the most vibrant spot in the valley.  If I were to host guests from London, NY, SF, Seattle, or Austin, Rogue is the only place i wouldn't apologize beforehand for its potential lame-ness (edit: nor would i apologize for Casey's -- the perfect tandem night!)Oh, also, i LERVE the negative reviews about Rogue -- keep em coming.  It wouldn't be quite right if everyone "got it" about this joint.
4	This bar used to be better in the early 2000's before it was given a makeover. Great place for stiff drinks that are super affordable. Music is usually pretty good and they sometimes have DJ's come in that play good dance stuff.
4	I've only been here once, but I owe all of my AZ friends to this place. Anyways, I was new in town. I had been there for 2 weeks and hadn't met anyone or gone out at all, so I ventured out by myself. What's the worst that could happen, right? I had read about Shake, the dance night hosted every Saturday by William F Reed (the kid has dance nights all over town and they are always a blast!), and figured I would hang out at the bar and hopefully come out of there with friends. At first, I had a hard time finding it -it's not that hard, but it's a bit hidden-, but once I did, I gathered some courage, entered the dive, bought a drink and to my surprise, was UNABLE to hang out at the bar due to the multitude of alcoholics. So, I just stood in the middle of the room, sipping my drink like a douche for what seemed an eternity (like 20mins). At this point, I decided I had two choices: leave or talk to the one girl that had complimented me on my jacket. Defeat was unacceptable, so I went up to her, told her my story and all she said was "you came to the right person". In less than 10mins, debauchery was on its way and I walked out of there knowing everyone, sweaty and bouncing off the walls. SUCCESS!------------------------I don't recall drinks being too expensive, the place is dark and the shape is weird. There's a stage area for some dancing that I liked and the bartender was cool. He even gave me free drinks.
5	Went to the Rogue Bar for the first time last night, Lindsay one of the owners invited the band I'm in to play for Indie Night (thursdays) - I really had a great time! Everyone was soooo friendly and talkative, it's sort of rare for strangers to talk to me instead of snear at me in Scottsdale. Okay, there was a little of that with the bartender - I hope she doesn't read this, then she might have a real reason to act like she hates me? But maybe she just has to get to know you to warm up - that's how dive bars usually work. The sound system was pretty buzzy from bands playing mega-loud (see below reviews, I did and came prepared with ear plugs for the last band) - but friends said it sounded good and I didn't mind. We're playing again in September, I'm sure I'll be back before then.
4	All the bad reviews have me puzzled. Most of the things complained about are things I see as a plus for this kind of bar. After all, it is a dive bar with a rowdy crowd. It's called Rogue. This isn't your grandpa's Snowbird Scottsdale and it isn't full of  douchebags with shiny shirts, with their blood full of anabolic steroids and their scrotum holding shrunken testicles, and fake tans, and girls with... ok some of them are surgically enhanced. Personally I don't have a problem with that...Try this as an exercise. Read the 2 star reviews. Look at the things being complained about, but turn the sentence, in your mind, into a praise instead. I picked out a great quote from one review... Think of this one in a positive instead of negative light and you'll get a whole different idea. "Not to mention if you want a free show of someone blowing someone else, screwing, fighting or snorting things this is THE place to be."HAHAHA. That's from a 2 star review. I dunno. It's a dive bar. To me, the fact that it's small, crowded, with cheap strong drinks, and people doing crazy shit is a plus. I don't hang out at bars on a regular basis. I go if there's a DJ I want to hear and want to get my boogie on, or if friends are going. Since most of my best friends live in other cities, it's not usually in AZ. I only drink to the point of being drunk once every other month or so. But.... When I want to go somewhere that is crazy and stupid and full of freaks, this is where I go. I feel a certain kinship with crazy stupid freaks.
3	Had good times here a couple weeks ago watching a local band play - good crowd for a Thursday night too. This is a hole-in-the-wall dive bar and it's perfect - as long as a band is playing... Returning here recently on a no-band night was quite disappointing.Decent drinks at a fair price. Parking is a BEEEOTCH!
1	This place is douchebag central.You go in and iif you are not dressed like a punker then you are ignored or ridiculed from a distance.  I heard there is a room in the back for after hours sex acts but that may be a pseudo rumor the same way this is a pseudo place.
4	I decided to read the reviews before I wrote mine....and how I agree with Adam M....(Much to my dismay!  LOL)  I didn't know about this bar before I came here, so I do not know much about the history.  I am just happy to find a place to go that plays Sisters of Mercy, the Smiths, and Ministry.  I now have hope that Scottsdale does have some down-to-earth dive punk bars that deserve its due.I will say that the drinks suck...that is true.  The service, though, isn't that bad.  I was dressed up in a dress (since I just came from another event where I had to wear a little black dress)....I didn't look "punk" or "alternative" at all...and I was treated with respect.  (Odd enough)  It does help that I actually KNOW the songs that they played there and I am not some 20 year old poser.  But that is another story.This place is very reminiscent of my younger days and I am very happy to have found it.  I just wish that Daniel Ash showed up before Midnight....DAMN!!!!
3	I went here for the first time on Saturday, to hear Daniel Ash spin. My friend, a regular, had forewarned me that I may feel a bit old but with the guest DJ, I was hardly among the older folks. Thank god. =) Strong drinks served super fast, interesting crowd, dance floor small but worked, good music even before Ash took over. Yeah, the small parking lot  means most people have to park in the neighborhood and walk a bit but big deal. I'll go back, even if I do end up feeling old.
4	The Rogue had two eras, as far as I'm concerned: The Couch Days and Now.The Couch Days were great. We'd drink cheap beers, listen to rock music and eventually get so tanked we'd have to lean on one another while sinking into the couches and laughing our heads off.Now the couches are gone, and the crowd skews a little bit younger. But they're fun and looking for a good time. I don't think I ever have left Shake, the Saturday dance party at Rogu,e without plans for an afterparty or makeout session.As others have said, be sure to park in the neighborhood, because the parking lot is microscopic.
1	veerrrrrryyyyyyyyy dirty. I think I will buy them some clorox wipes and light bulbs for their sign out front. I made 12 u-turns trying to find this place.
3	Was there last night for our station fundraiser concert (KWSS 1067). Was a little difficult to find because it looks like an extension of the Liquor store on the corner. It literally is a hole in the wall dive.If you are looking for something clean, where you can dress up and go clubbing, then this place is NOT for you. If you aren't picky, and you want more of a "house concert" atmosphere where 100 people are crammed in a living room listening to some punk/emo band, then it is exactly for you. The drinks are STRONG. I thought my plastic cup would disintegrate.  Overall you have to want that atmosphere to truly enjoy it. I don't think I would go back unless it was for something like this. Doesn't mean it was awful, but it's just not *my* scene.
2	So when i first moved here all the punk/rock folks i met were like "dude, you gott a check out the rogue. best dive bar around".  But apparently they hadnt been there in a while as now its an emo/dance dive with pretty snooty patrons.  Maybe I went on a bad night but was totally bummed as it has all the makings of an awesome dive. Its dark, the drinks are cheap, and theres room for great bands.  It was indy rock night or some BS when i went.  Not a pleasant experience.  I cannot stand dudes in girl's jeans.
3	Hit this place up for a show with two stellar bands I haven't seen in ages. This is a small bar that's very easy to miss. After reading all the reviews I was prepared to park a mile away and walk through some dark alleys. But despite the fact that there was a line to get in the door, there was an open parking spot right in front! The place was a dive, drinks were relatively cheap for Scottsdale and extremely strong, and the crowd was diverse (likely because of the bands that were playing). Having the convenience store practically attached next door was oddly "convenient" for whatever cravings may emerge.As others have stated, the place is a dive, but it's not as nasty as some have eluded. Totally a place I would hang except that the sound system and acoustics are AWFUL. Not at all a place where I would pay to hear live music again.
3	i've been here a handful of times and i used to love their "cherry bomb" sexy chic hip lesbo dance party they offered once a month, and it is sooooooooo unfortunate that it got scraped.  instead, when i went here to indulge in cheap beer and good dance music, i got live bands and a dead bar.they have newcastle on tap, and cheap pbr. the place is divey yet cool, and i can actually order a drink. the people there are an eclectic mix, and when they do have good djs (sat nights) you can be obnoxiously intoxicated and swagger between tables making friends. remember, cash only!!! atm fees suck.
5	La Rogue...I love it.From the always propped open door to the vandalized bathroom with hundreds of messages to ponder over and drawings of naked girls IN the girls bathroom, I do love art!1st time here, was 80's night and a Gods Girls event as well. The cover was $5, easily doable. And the jack and cokes were nice and strong.The bartender was checking on me and my friend whenever he could and we were never low on the alcohol (5 stars for that alone!)The band was good and the music loud for the small space.Another plus.The other times Ive been here they were not as busy. But I like heading out during week nights. The $1 PBR night was nice for me and my friend, we never felt uncomfortable and the bartender saved our seats when we went out for a smoke. I know this will not be for some people. But for those people, I say...keep driving North on Scottsdale Road and theres plenty of clubs with $10 cover and multi colored drinks to sip on.Id rather be drinking a Bud, $1 PBR or a really tasty Jack and Coke!
5	My band has played there several times and it has always been a good time. You can see the stage from anywhere in the place and the drinks are strong. ;-)
3	Definitely a cooler dive bar that I've been to. The place is dark but has a lot of seating. We got free tickets to see the main band, otherwise the cover would have been $10, which is somewhat expensive considering the bands were ok. Maybe it was the poor choice in music this night, or the weird crowd, but it seemed like for the most part people were having fun? It kind of bordered between trashy and cool. The bartender was not that nice, even though she was cute and wore a short skirt, so I'm sure she got good tips. Drinks were pretty cheap, $4.50 for 12 oz cocktails. I wouldn't pay $3 for a can of PBR though, it's such shitty beer.
4	Finally went to Rogue to see my friends of the band Prague play. The sound was great, nice stage, plenty of room to watch the bands. They also projected the movie Lost Boys during Prague's set. Awesome! During the next band, Fallen Riviera, they played The Princess Bride... good choices Rogue! :-)It's small, parking is not so good. I thought it had a lot of personality. Plenty of seating. Drinks were about $4 each. I was disappointed that we ordered kamikazes and they weren't mixed they were from a pre-mixed bottle...yuck. I also don't like that they are cash only; although, they do have an ATM inside.
4	I think y'all are missing the point: it's a DIVE BAR. It's supposed to be sleezy. The grafitti'd bathrooms are quite charming really, as long as you put paper on the seat and wash your hands, which you should be doing in ANY public bathroom. You know, just don't lick the stall door and you'll be ok.The parking lot is tiny but you can park on the side streets close-by. Premium draft beer is a pretty average price of $5/pint. There's a pool table and darts, but the best part is the awesome local bands that play here. And if you don't show up too late you can get a cozy booth with a good view of the stage.
4	Definitely a fan now. Please disregard the first review. I now know the owners of this bar and they are very very cool and they love great music of all kinds and the staff is fun.  Definitely a place to go and see a show or hang. It is very dark, and there is a wide array of visitors from college kids, to wanna bees to good musicians.  It is fun.  I would advise making a pit stop in any night even if you are just bouncing around Scottsdale.
4	Just down Scottsdale Rd from the plastic, the cougars, the roid rage, and the Delta Bravos is a little place that doesn't give a shit, in the best possible way. In many ways, this is the dive bar Scottsdale doesn't deserve but needs oh so badly (and let's face it, being south of McDowell probably means you are not in Scottsdale by many people's account, which is just fine). To be clear, let's discuss some things a dive bar is...First, they serve drinks and beer. No basil martinis, No Sonoma pinot noir, and No craft double IPAs. Second, you do not come here to be seen or for a scene...see the first point for what you come here for. Third, the motif...none...unless you count a few characters at the bar. Now those are the basics, but Rogue Bar adds in great local and national acts, a diverse, non-Old Town crowd, and a friendly staff. For instance, I recently saw The Mulhollands, from LA, and I assure you, this band will soon be playing venues where you won't be getting up on stage with the band...not that anyone I know did such things. That is a great thing about RB, the lack of pretense carries throughout all aspects...even the DJ let me play with his DJ toys. Yes, yes, you don't want to model your toilet after theirs, the pool table is old, and you may see a fight. But, these are added flavor for a true dive bar. At the end of night you can say you had the chance to -- crash in some comfy booths, play some pool, order pizza for the bar, meet some real people, have a cheap drink, and if you are lucky, hang out with the band at an after party. If you like a dive bar, go. If you don't, stay up the road, nobody will miss you at Rogue.
3	This place is good for folks who like TT roadhouse and complain that TT has gotten to friendly.  It is a hold in the wall with great bands.  They serve PBR and the door to the mens room doesn't close affording you a great view of the urinal.  It has incredible art on the wall and attracts a mix of hipsters, rockers and general neighborhood folks.  Nothing fancy here.  Leave the stilletos and ironic shirts at home.  There is a pool table.  (as in one, pool table).  There are plenty of vinyl booths in this pretty small bar.  On nights they have a band playing there is a $3.00 cover.  Not bad for some local entertainment.
5	I love the rogue! Great music, great people, great drinks. I come all the time to see Genre www.genregenregenre.com and a bunch of other local acts. You will not be dissappointed when you come to rogue
5	Great local pub perfect for a cold one on a hot day.
5	Great bartenders cheap beer and pool and awesome local music!
5	The owners are complete sweethearts. The bartenders and other staff are great. Drinks are pretty cheap. Fantastic live music. I love the dance party on Saturdays!! I've had so much fun shakin' it on the dance floor!
5	I love mornings at the Rogue!
4	Ive watched this bar go through a lot of changes, some good, some bad.Ill always love "Sneaky Petes" though. Great dive bar, really nice bartenders (particularly the gal who goes between the bar and the booth).
3	Got to check out this place for the first time to catch some rock.  Its very small but has a good sized bar for the place.  The bartenders were fairly quick and the drinks were reasonably priced.  Pretty much what you would expect from a dive
5	This is a great dive bar with a little stage.  I used to live right across the street from this place and when i needed to find something to do i headed over to this cool punk rock style bar, its actually hard core!!  A couple of pool tables too... Fun fun fun and inexpensive and just down the street is a convenience store and dance and strip clubs. close enough for ASU students to get away from University and Mill Ave... From LA to Arizona this is another one my favorite places besides the powerhouse (hollywood), the rusty spur (old townscottsdale) and the roadrunner (n. Scottsdale) without feeling out of place
3	Whatever you do, try to not touch anything and drink your beer through a straw. Stickiness aside, this isn't too bad of a place for live music and pool playing. It's total grunge and dive to the very core. Oh, and have to pee? Just hold it. Don't ask questions.
5	Ahhh The Rogue! As alluded to below, the bar has gone through a lot of changes, and has since latest ownership, been righted! As oppose to mentioned below, there is no need to drink your beer through a straw, and the bathrooms are fine, if you are put off by what the Rogue is dishing out, head further north on Scttsdale RD. Great dive bar, awesome sound for usually cheap shows, friendly staff, cheap drinks, great layout, and without pretense! One of my all time favorite AZ bars without a doubt! I would say that even if I hadn't met my wife at this place many years ago! Thanks Manny for keeping the spirit alive!
4	Love Rogue for their ever changing list of great LIVE MUSIC. The staff and owner are always friendly and the atmosphere is dive-casual-hipster. So leave your prissy outfit at home Scottsdale. Parking can be a pain, don't block a house's driveway, they will tow you! I recommend arriving early, if you are planning on watching a specific band. BRING CASH!
5	Great bar Nice staff great deals!
4	I really like this place and really enjoyed the bartender (last name was Love or something ironic like that?).  I got to escape from my hubby and kid on a Monday afternoon and it was just perfect.  The "patrons" were amusing and the bartender attentive.  I had  great time.  I am not 100% sure if I am ready to battle the crowds on a Friday or Saturday night and pay a cover but will make sure to stop in the next time I am looking for a cheap PBR during the day. Bottom line - check it out, it's cool.
4	Great Place to see a show!  Generate Rogue Bar Playlists at http://www.playlisthq.com/default.aspx?VenueID=104666&VenueName=Rogue%20Bar !!
3	Whatever you do stay away from this on NEW YEAR'S EVE !! :) I have never been to Rogue bar before the NYE 2013 event, bad idea to go to this place for NYE, ya I know what i was thinkin ha. hey gimme and 'em some credit, they had a pay $30 and from there on all penny drinks! That was a good deal, ofc they didnt have anything fancy to drink, but hey that's a geat deal for alcohol as long as it does the job ;). oh they didnt care about the pennies either :pWell I was just disappointed with the event on NYE, I was expecting something more atleast from the pics and fb event, i thought there would be people hanging upside down lol.  That's Y i said dont go to a NYE party there. (or any big day events :P)Now that I have been there, I know what to expect and I am definitely going back to see if I can improve the rating :)
1	ummm knife tears and bodily fluids on the pool table... when my group left (RIGHT after we walked in) on Friday night, there were exactly 46 cockroaches left in the bar to keep each other company... HORRIBLE would be a compliment. At least they (I mean HE) were showing Jim Rose circus tricks on the tv. somebody was puking up milk and re drinking it... I think he was on location at Rogue from the night before.
4	CASH ONLY.ATM available for the hefty fee you know it charges.Yeah get ready, cuz you never know what you're gonna see when you go to see the band you know and there's some out-of-state openers.LEGENDS have played here or DJ'd here.Psychic TV, Deadbolt, Grave Danger, Glass Heroes and loads more.I think one of the Ramones and a guy from The Damned DJ'd here.Message me if that was somewhere else or have more info.Anyway...The classic faces mural is now preserved behind plastic and off to the side and not behind the stage. The iconic piece is there for all to see, a collection of famous faces from the 70's..... Hang out with the Ramones,  Lou Reed, Warhol, Iggy, Pistols, Blondie, and more.Soundboard is in the back and off the stage now, and the stage area has been opened up with a bar shift as well.You're not here for the bathrooms.It's a punk bar, suck it up, be glad it's not a Turkish toilet.You're here to see a killer show and pound some drinks.Full bar and a few entry-level semi-gourmet beers.The true punk rock is ON the bar. You'll see.
4	I came in to see the Deer Tracks play here on a Thursday. It was pretty empty, with a few regulars hanging about, but I'm sure this place has a decent crowd depending on who is there and the day of the week. The bartender was great - very friendly - and they have good prices on drinks. The sound isn't the best but it's a nice place to see some awesome music. The crowd was definitely in their early-mid-20's, so I certainly felt like an old fart being the ripe age of 30. :)  I would go back here, no questions.
5	Yuki doesn't frequent many bars in the american southwest... But when he does, he prefers the rogue.
5	The Rogue Bar is awesome. The owner is the best.There's a pool table, there's booze, there's adorable booths for you to sit in and think about the choices you've made. Or whatever. Whatever you want to do.Coming from a band perspective, this is my favorite place to play in the Valley. It holds around 100 people, the sound system is awesome, the sound guys (ESPECIALLY ANDY) actually give a crap about your band. Which is rare. The stage is raised, and there's a door to load in from the side. Like, everything you could possibly ask for as a local band.Parking lot is small. My solution would be to park around the corner and not complain about having to walk for five friggin seconds. Jesus.
5	This place has a lot of integrity...you can see it all over the walls around the bar paying their respects to the punk legends.  Yes, this bar is badass!
5	i had the opportunity to speak with the owner and am highly impressed! i love love dive bars...i wish i could say say this was a dive bar...it was clean, fun, eclectic, and impressive! a dive bar with class..comfort from the minute i walked into the door..and manny made sure i had a great experience! i highly recommend visiting this place if you want first class experience with the ultimate relaxed vibe..cant wait for my return!
3	Been here a few times... When this place is full, it's like a sauna in there. It's so hot. I'm not sure how clean it is either.But for a dive bar, I guess that's what you would expect. The music is pretty good here depending on the night or the special event. And the drink specials are ok as well.Know what you are getting into. ;)
4	I love this dive bar. It is perfect when you want a fun night out. Amazing local bands and cheap booze.
5	This is the best bar I've ever been too.You can feel the energy as soon as you get there. the drunks are drunk, the pinball is the best, and there is live music every night.It's not always good, but it's always an experience. If I had a tv when I first went here, I would have immediately went home and thrown it in the fucking garbage.This place is the reason I know there is magic on earth. It is impossible to be a rogue regular. You simply show up, do your thing, and see what happens. If you do it enough, someone will challenge you on it, you either hold your ground or go home.The rogue has opened my mind. I feel equipped to do anything on this earth, because I've dealt with rogue situations. Drunk people, Amazing music, and honing of pinball skills.I found these all on my own, at the rogue. It never would have happened anywhere else.
3	Being from out of state, I will admit I was a bit skeptical to check out a fetish club in Arizona...but a good friend talked us into it and you know what...we had a great time. Music was on point, drinks were poured well and the AC was cranked. Not much room for a dance floor but overall it was a fun night.
5	I've been to a fair number of venues over the past years, after reading the slew of negative reviews on Terminal 5 I'll admit to being apprehensive. However, the venue is nothing short of excellent. Good sound, bars on each level and plenty of space. Also, compared to other venues this was insanely well ventilated, no sweating walls. Anyone who felt the urge to rip onRogue Bar  or its staff should just stay home with all the doors and windows locked, because if this was too crowded for you or staffed by individuals who dont meet your standards of politeness its obvious you are doomed to a life of bitter disappointment and pessimism. I would recommendRogue Bar  to anyone who loves live music and the experiences that come with the journey.
