5	Great preschool! My toddler started here as an infant and we really feel very comfortable here.  Friendly staff, helpful and knowledgeable teachers, clean building and the one on one communication is great. After the 1st day they called us all by our first names which is nice. Monthly menus are printed so you know what your child is eating for breakfast and lunch...overall it's a great place! I was nervous about switching from in home to corporate, but this was a great move.They have a structured and fun learning day planned out for your kids as they grow.5 Stars!
5	Great preschool!!!! My husband and I went through on base child care which was horrible and two in home sitters which didn't make the cut. I'm a very picky first time mother who desperately wished there was some way my husband would allow me to stay home with our daughter but unfortunately I have to work (lol). Ultimately we stumbled upon this place and it was heaven sent. I mean their is no other that can compare. Although you're paying a pretty penny for childcare it is the very upmost care your child can receive of course second best to your own care. The infant teachers loved and cared for my daughter like their own. My daughter recently transitioned to the one year old room and I can't say anything horrible about that place. I  still can be very nitpicky at times because the rooms in the one year old area can be a little cleaner but of course they're going in and out to the playground and such throughout the day. Seriously this place is amazing. I thank God for finding a center that will allow me piece of mind when I'm working and I don't feel bad leaving my daughter there. From the director to the staff... Thank you guys!!!:)
5	This place is absolutely incredible!!! I just love them. They get to know you and they make you feel like family. This is not your standard daycare. I am a first time mother and agonized over the thought of trying to find a place for my son for months. I toured a lot of in home care and for $20 a day, you get what you pay for. No good.  Then I found Phoenix Children's Academy and they even stressed the fact that any parent needs to have that warm feeling to be able to leave their child with someone. Trust your instinct. Boy was I right on my instinct with this daycare! At thirteen weeks my son started here and they even do fun activities and wall art at that young of an age. My son will stay here until he goes to Kindergarten.  Anytime you pass any staff member in the hall they say hello, and everyone is so upbeat and positive it looks like they all love getting up in the morning and going to their job. Theresa and Emma are amazing up front and Mary, Tiffany and Elise are straight from heaven in the infant room :))
5	They take great care of my sons and they do a great job helping him learn! Staff is nice and professional. I think all daycares are pricey but PCA is a bit cheaper than my last few other centers. One Con for them is they are a little lax on discipline as far as other kids being too aggressive.My son was for sure ready for kindergarten though with their program. And the graduation was lovely.
