3	Tasty greasy goodness at this fish take-out chainlet.  A friend who's lived here all his life raves about this place as a good fast-food alternative.  Cheap, decent fried food, and quick service.  The place is reminiscent of a 1950s drive-in restaurant  with shaded picnic tables abound in front of the counter.  I'm normally a freakish health-nut.  However, I couldn't help but try this place today, especially since I'm Catholic, it's lenten Friday and I exhausted all other options over the past few Fridays.   This place was really busy, yet quick. The fish is square cut (ala Van de Kamps) but tastes a lot better than it looks - same goes for the shrimp.  Fries are nice and soft - and it all comes with some tangy and addictive special sauce (which a little birdy told me is ketchup mixed with El Pato sauce).  So well-received it is, that they sell the sauce as a stand alone item should you want to take it home.  They even had (pause) Orange Bang!   Pete, you're a good man.Only minuses are the crumb-eating pigeons (you know, the equivalent of rats with wings) running around...but still worth the few bucks you'll spend.
2	Pete's Fish and Chips has a reputation for being legendary in the Phoenix valley, so of course I had to try it. And, wow, what a miss.First of all, they had outdoor seating only, which isn't so bad I guess. Oh wait, no, we're in Phoenix, doesn't it get to be about 117 degrees F outside in the summer? Sounds like a blast.Secondly, they have no tartar sauce or malt vinegar. How on earth do you even run a fish place with no tartar sauce? Malt vinegar is a little more uncommon but for pete's (lol) sake even McDonald's has Tartar sauce.Third, the fish itself. Speaking of McDonalds, that is what I am reminded of, this is not batter dipped and fried fillets of fish, this is minced and formed, and covered in a crunchy, crumbly breading, like what you'd find on a Mcdonald's fish sandwich.Fourth, they only take cash. What year is it?The red sauce they give you is OK, but it is more like a shrimp sauce, I'm sure it would be great on that. It definitely does not belong on fish.Their Hamburgers though, are quite good and very inexpensive. If you go to Petes, get one of those. Skip the fish, it's awful. I have no idea how this place became so popular on such awful fish and chips. An Englishman would burn this place to the ground.
2	OK I know I am going to get flack for this but here goes. Are you freaking kidding me, no tarter?!? On the advise of Abu whose taste buds have now come into question, I tried Pete's yesterday. I trekked out in what felt like 500 degree heat to the ATM. Because Pete has not stepped into the 21st century yet! The whole time I am thinking if they are still in business after no tarter and no debit it must be good, right? Wrong. I have been tricked, hoodwinked, bamboozled, led a stray, run a muck. Just flat out deceived! I ordered the deluxe seafood combo 2 pieces of fish, 7 shrimp, fries and a 32 oz drink. Which by the way did not have its price listed. I figured it couldn't be to much the regular combo has 1 less piece of fish and 3 less shrimp was only 5.95. Wrong again $9.45! Again thinking this fish must be outstanding! I get it home and it was still piping hot and smelled wonderful! Again with the trickery. I started with a french fry and it wasn't completely done in the middle yuck! I then moved onto what Pete describes as shrimp, really there was shrimp in there? I never tasted it and only saw some small specks of white and red inside the gross grease laden dough! UGH I had to spit it out. Even my dog left it and she has been known to eat her own poop! The only reason Pete's did not rate a 1 star from me is the square fish. Yes I said square, it is a square patty just like McDonald's only it does taste better than Mickey D's. I didn't care for the red sauce on my fish. The 1st piece I ate plain and the second piece I added my own tarter sauce and it was delicious. On a sidebar some of the other fries were edible and pretty tasty. I have yet to find a joint that can top the catfish at Honey Bears but not for lack of trying. Moral of this story, only get the fish and chips, make sure your chips are cooked and have tarter on the ready!Also Lain gave me this tid bit of info... "Pete the owner was murdered as he slept, they used a hammer and bashed his head in, just some trivia for you..."Yeah they bashed his head in over that shrimp and no tarter sauce!
1	The worst fish and chips I have ever had.  Do yourself a favor...go to Fry's, buy a box of Gorton's fish fillets (the square ones) and take it home and deep fry it.  Then mix some ketchup with some cocktail sauce (NO TARTAR SAUCE....THEY DON'T HAVE TARTAR SAUCE!!) and you have the Pete's experience, and you save about $15. I can't believe people think this is good.  They make Long John Silvers seem gourmet. Dang.
5	Pete's Fish and Chips is a restaurant that really does things their own way. Tarter sauce, vinegar, and lemons-these are three condiments one would expect to find at any seafood restaurant the world over. Not at Pete's: it's all about the red sauce in these here parts. I must agree with Pete's sentiment. The red sauce is simply fantastic, and compliments the deep fried goodness well. I'm not 100% sure what Pete's uses as a main ingredient in most of their food. But I can tell you I'm almost certain it isn't fish. I can also tell you that I'm 100% okay with that. Pete's does not accept debit or credit and is not open on Sundays. It seems like they are loudly proclaiming, "Customers! It is really NOT all about you. We have delicious food, and you must WORK to get it!" And if that's how they roll at Pete's then I'm down.
1	Horrible....What else can I say.
3	This was my first time trying Pete's. We were in downtown Glendale checking out some thrift shops yesterday and we started getting pretty hungry. We walked by Pete's, and it smelled pretty good. I remembered hearing good things about the place, so I thought we'd give it a try! Also, my uncle's (who still lives in London) name is Pete, so I thought that was kind of neat. Now, with much of my family being English, of course I like fish and chips! ;)The fish was actually quite good, in my opinion! Or maybe we were just very hungry... The prices were a bit high for a *cash only* little place, but not too bad. Just higher than what I was expecting. The pieces of fish were actually not that big either, but that's okay too. The chips (fries) were decent, nothing special. The sauce was good too, but I can't believe there was no malt vinegar! Or tartar sauce, but I don't use that anyway. The outdoor seating wasn't a problem because we just drove through and took it with us to go. No way were we going to sit outside in 115 degree weather and eat fish! :PThe drinks were large and decently priced, but I had the plain unsweetened iced tea and it was almost flavourless. It basically tasted like lovely Arizona tap water with a vague taste of tea somewhere in there. My friend got a Diet Coke with no ice, and they were happy to do so. Nothing special there, so moving on! The drive through was pretty quick, but it was very difficult to understand them through the speaker. The volume was a bit low or something, and there was also a communication issue with the person on the other end. Different accents and all that.Overall, not a terrible experience, but we didn't stick around for too long. Prices were decent, but I would expect cheaper from this place. I would probably go back, but I wouldn't go out of my way to do so. Maybe I'll check out another location sometime and see how they compare? :)
1	Finally tried this place after many years of wanting to, and my husband and I were very disappointed.  Ever had the chicken fingers and fries at Ikea? Same exact food here except my fries at Ikea were cooked properly.  Overpriced processed food and unfriendly service.  Will never return.
2	Sucks that I had to give such a low rating! But my mom said so!! When my mother was visiting us from Cali last week, I brought her to see the light at Glendale. Now originally I was born in Glendale, but was raised in Long Beach! So when we drove by Pete's, my mom had me make a u-turn right to there location. She said as a child her and her sister use to come by all the time and loved it. She mentioned how large the fish use to be, and how good it was. Well, time has changed and she was very upset how bad it is now! The chicken tenders were OK, but the fish and shrimp was to greasy, and taste was lousy. Looks like another mom and pops place that just grew to large and forgot why they were their in the first place. Always happens when the kids and grand kids take over.
2	Heard a lot of good things about Pete's. I am from the Gulf Coast and was not expecting to find anything that would compare to the delicious fried seafood of back home. Glad I set my expectations low.  Pete's fish is ok, square, almost like processed but not. Strange but tasty. Chips are decent, taste like typical Ore-Ida frozen fries. The Onion rings were good (super greasy though). My biggest problem is that I am a bit of a traditionalist. If you are gonna call it "fish and chips" like they would in the UK, then you have to at least have malt vinegar. The red sauce is good with their fries and rings (and maybe shrimp) but not on fish. It is the only sauce they have. I hear the burgers are good and may go back, if I am already in the area, to try one. I wonder if they have mustard? They may be trying to do too many things at once here. Seafood, Americana, Mexican, (fish, shrimp, burritos, hot dogs, chicken, oysters) Just a thought.  The seating is outside, if its summer you must get it to go. Between the heat, pigeons and huge flies (serious kitchen hawks) you will not have a good time.   The prices are very reasonable but they only accept cash. I would not go out of my way to eat at Pete's again.
4	Super Cheap and Tasty!
3	Fish good. Shrimp good. Hamburgers ok. Fries horrible. Pepsi excellent. Hard to mess up on Pepsi :). Pete's sauce great. Honestly if it was for the sauce I think a few things would lower in taste. This place isn't the best place ever but it's still pretty good. Oh bring cash because Pete's is still stuck in the 1980's.
5	The super seafood combo is soo good:D
1	If this is fish and chips, then I'm a monkeys uncle!  They served some sort of RED sauce that i think had horseradish in it for your dipping sauce for the fish!  What the hell is that.  Fish and Chips get served with either Lemon and Tartare Sauce and  Malt Vinegar for your Chips.  Wont be going back there EVER!!!!
1	Really? What exactly are they famous for??After living in Glendale for about 5 years, seeing people drive around with Pete's bumper stickers, and detouring around 55th and Glendale at rush hour because the drive-through line backs up into the road, we finally tried this. In the end I just have to ask what all of their "fans" are thinking.The fish that's so famous looks and tastes like something you might get from the frozen food section of the store. But only if you got the cheapest store brand possible and made sure it was a SQUARE patty of frozen breaded fish. The fish sandwich was one of the aforementioned fish patties on a cheapo hamburger bun with a smear of sauce. The fries were questionable. Honestly, I'd rather eat fish at Long John Silver's than eat here again.
1	Was going to stop by after work tonight and take some home but after reading all these terrible reviews - I guess I won't waste my money.
1	We had heard so many good things about this restaurant, so we had to try it. This place was a major let down. Coming from New England, we were accustomed to fresh seafood. This place serves nothing but frozen seafood. We had fish, scallops, shrimp and crabettes. Nothing had any flavor at all. Very bland. The prices are reasonable and now I see why. Not worth the trip.
4	I don't know where all these reviews are coming from.  Simply put, Petes Fish and Chips is the best!  Shrimp and chips taste great!  Fries are great!  Burgers are great and the burritos are great!  I think most of these bad comments are from outsiders who were expecting some 5 star diner taste.  No, this is streets not classy dine in.  Everytime we hit Arizona, the first place I have to stop is Petes!  Now if you experience different, I don't know what to tell you...The only thing that stinks about this place is they don't accept cards!  Get some extra sauce too! :)
1	When a place is always as busy as Pete's is, it must be great, right?  That's almost always true but Pete's is an exception. It's actually a mystery. Why are people lining up for disgusting frozen fish? The first sign that we should have kept walking was that they had no malt vinegar, so I knew then that it wasn't going to be English-style fish and chips. Instead they give you a little cup of sauce that seems to be ketchup with a little horseradish mixed in. Not great and it reminded me of eating Van de Kamp's fish with ketchup when I was about five.Bottom line- everything here comes from a freezer. All of it. Tasteless and greasy, we each ate one piece from our plates and threw the rest away.
1	How can they call this fish n chips without malt vinegar!  No hot sauce!  Wha!? Shrimp was 90% batter. Instead of fish, fish patties.  Someone please explain to me how so many are eating here. I can truly appreciate my own fish n chips place back at home.
4	Ive been coming here for many years.  I really enjoy the monster burgers and the red sauce.  Kinda funny going to a fish and chips joint just for the monster burgers but it is worth the trip for me.  Thank you Pete's and all that you do.
2	I vacillated between 1 and 2 stars for Pete's. In the end I decided on 2, but that is probably only because I was so hungry from a morning of construction work that I would've eaten nearly anything. When I think of real Fish and Chips, I think of what I had in London. This isn't what I had in London. This is what I ate in college during lent--store bought cheap fish patties. The shrimp weren't good either; tasted extremely fishy. The fries were soggy and bland.I realize this is a fast food place, but I was hoping for something more than that. I'd honestly rather eat at Long John McGreaseball's.
4	What can I say about Pete's that most valley residents don't already know? We don't have a lot of fish joints out here in the desert, but Pete's has been around a long time, serving up some of the best fish and chips you'll find out here. You can get tasty, plentiful meals for very cheap, and their sauce goes well with just about everything. What's not to love?The only thing I can say about this location is it can get quite busy and seating is limited, so that can sometimes be an issue. Plus, it's outdoors like most Pete's are, so it can be miserable in the Summer, even with the misters. They do not take any form of payment other than cash, so if you're carrying plastic, you're out of luck. Staff are not always that pleasant at this location either, I've noticed, but the good food seems to make up for that. I've been going here for years and plan to keep going for many to come!
1	Eeek! Methinks NOT for sure!! What a T E R R I B L E place to eat! We live in Glendale and have driven by Pete's at least once per week, and finally decided to give them a try. A TERRIBLE MISTAKE!! Ordered a #2 #3 and a #5 which none had a price listed & turned out to be $25. When we got our bag, the grease was seeping out of the bag and were told no tartar sauce or ranch was available (they don't do tartar only their weird "red"sauce), fine. When I saw the "fish" and "shrimp" it looked like something you would buy at the 99 Cents Only Store down the road, except, it was almost $9. It was greasy, cold, and obviously previously frozen. FOR PETE's SAKE please go elsewhere! Not worth your money or your time!!!
2	I don't trust any type of fish in the desert so I opted for the chicken nuggets and a chicken breast sandwich. The sandwich was very crunchy and the nuggets were nothing special. the sauce is similar to a sweetened tabasco sauce. If I had a choice I would choose chik-fil-a over Pete's any day of the week.
4	Classic spot in Arizona.  We don't have much to choose from when it comes to Fish & Chips...but its consistent.  I do wish they took Visa even if they charged a small fee for whoever wants to use their card.
2	Out Christmas shopping with my boys and have always thought of stopping by Pete's.  I've driven through Glendale many times in the last 27 years and it's always fascinated me how many people were there. That big of a crowd, it must be A) Inexpensive, B) Awesome, C) Unique...I'll give them A as we ordered 3 x 2 piece fish and chips, but hesitate to call the $1.80 for a soda inexpensive based on convenience store prices.Loved the look of the fish patties, square and crunchy, not that oily looking.  They were very thin and mostly crust.  When tasting without the sauce they were bland.  With the sauce, which may be the best thing about Pete's, they were quite good.  For a two piece fish meal with fries (thin, shoestring) you get a tiny little container of red sauce (not ketchup and not cocktail sauce, but something like spicy ketchup) that isn't enough to flavor everything, but you can buy another small container for 10 cents or so (or up to 14 oz for a little more).  The fries were under salted which isn't bad based on different people's taste, but lack of salt packets (or catchup or other condiments) readily available (some available behind counter if you wait in the line again) was a pain.The two stars are because fish n chips don't appear to be their strong suit, or miss the mark of my expectations of some type of east coast or English fish and chips.  This isn't the type of place you are going to sit down with a bottle of malt vinegar and dip your beer batter fish or steak cut fries into.The number of stars is also for the number of birds that are all over that want to take your food or at least stare you down as you a re eating. No one cleaning tables during the time I was there.  I'm also not a fan of cash only places with an ATM machine out front to charge me on their end and my banks end.Now, I didn't have their shrimp or chicken or anything other than described above, but there are always a lot of people out there that must love something about Pete's.After re-reading their menu on the internet and being somewhat taken back by having to purchase extra sauce I have to question their math abilities:"Pete's Special Sauce made fresh daily2 oz. - .105 oz. - .308 oz. - .6014 oz. - .95"Someone please tell me this is a joke because 7 x 2oz containers (14 oz) would only be .70 as opposed to .95?!?! Definitely has to be a joke, but almost worth dropping the rating to one star.
1	We use to go to Pete's all the time back in the day.  Haven't been in years so stopped by one Friday when I surprised the wife at work for lunch.  I should of kept driving.  Just nasty is all I can really say.  First off cash only, but no worry they have an ATM that charges you $3 for cash...Yeah that is pretty ghetto.  Well we order our fish and I was excited because Pete's was so good.  I was impressed by the prices, which should of been a clue.  Anyway, became annoyed that they charge extra for tarter sauce.   Anyway we got our meals.  I had the 1 piece fish and 4 piece shrimp.  The best way to sum this up is frozen overly processed fish.  Seriously Gorton's at the store is 10x better than this stuff.  Sad to see another Phoenix icon failing like Bill Johnson's.
1	Sorry, we're from Seattle, and this place wouldn't last a week there. Frozen processed fish patties are NOT fish and chips. How about fresh halibut or at least cod instead?
1	Best fish sticks and chips in downtown Glendale, and I only had to wait 45 minutes!
2	Processed fish patties?!  Why do a fish stand if you're only gonna serve that kind of stuff? I was really expecting some nice battered and fried fish, this place has been here for soooooo long. And you only take cash? This is 2014.
5	Cash only is the only gripe I have about Pete's, not worth loosing a star for. I  Always get the 16 piece shrimp and large red sauce to my self, kids get the five pc. fish which always leaves some for me. If it's not a landmark it should be, right in the heart of Glendale, and right in the center of my heart. Shrimp is the best, second is the fish, and third is the burros, all must be eatin with the large red sauce, Louie.
1	I don't think you press some white processed substance into a 9 iron shape and call it shrimp. Can someone send this to a lab or something? I need to know what I ate!!
1	First sign of I should have left was no credit card machine. But they do have an ATM they charge you to $2.50 cents to use. Second I ordered the fish and chips and had to pay 55 cents for tartar sauce, I thought tarter sauce should come with a fish n chips meal. All in all very shady charges for a meal not very good. I will not eat here again and I Will tell my friends not to either.
4	I don't know where all these negative comments are coming from.  My husband and I have been eating there for 40 years and 1) it's the same now as it has always been, and 2) if it wasn't excellent fish & chips they wouldn't be constantly busy.  Any given evening, the drive-thru line is packed, with a line out onto Glendale Ave waiting to get in.  We were 10th in the drive-thru tonight, and there were 5 cars in back of us.  I'm not real hot on their heavy-batter items (shrimp, onion rings) but we love the fish and chips!  Good stuff!!
1	I don't understand what the big hype is about, long drive thru lines , bumper stickers , t shirts , souvenir cups? I tried this place for the first time Friday night , girls at the counter are rude or ignorant or both , I got the 8 chicken strip combo with fries , the rest of my family got #2's which I think was the two planks and fried shrimp , everything was cold , while ordering I watched food go straight from a box that was frozen straight into the frier , everything was just bland , unless you drenched it with Pete's sauce , blech .
1	This place was a super big let down. Frozen fish squares? Cold unsalted fries? Flat pop? Frozen burger patties? And a burrito that looked like someone just popped open a banquet meal and pulled one out. The banquet would probably be better. Should have known the universe was trying to tell me to leave when they only take cash. It's the 21st century. Get with it. If you are looking for a better fish sandwich you'll have better luck at mcdonalds.
1	I would have been better off going to the grocery store and buying frozen Fish Sticks.  My first clue was when I was told there was no malt Vinegar.  Seriously?  How dare you wear the flag of England on your shirts and tell me there is no vinegar.  When I order Fish and Chips, I expect a light, fluffy batter on an actual piece of fish that has not been chopped and frozen.  Ho can this place be an institution?
1	Now a lot of local residents will exclaim, "Pete's Fish and Chips is the BEST!" but I will have to markedly DISAGREE.  It is one of the ONLY fish restaurants in the area but honestly you are better off with a chain like Red Lobster than going here.  Originally from Southern California, I was craving fish after moving to Arizona so I asked colleagues where to find good fish. They recommended Pete's.  I ordered a TON of food in anticipation.  I was disappointed with everything I ordered.  Does NOT taste fresh, breading is HORRIBLE and you need hot sauce to cover up the fishy taste and flavor of what they serve. Extremely disappointed.If you've lived in the desert your ENTIRE life and never ventured elsewhere or really don't know what fresh fish is MAYBE(highly doubtful) you will enjoy Pete's. If you are from the coast, don't waste your money! Oh, and if you go, bring CASH.  They don't take debit cards because....hmmmm.mmmm...actually I can't think of a reason?  Oh wait! I think they make money off you using their cash machine...SWEET!(for them).
1	I've been a Pete's fan for over 45 years going back to the days of fresh cut fries and long slender crunchy shrimp.  For a quarter you could get two fish sandwiches.  I remember the patties being thicker with more fish and less breading. Pete's restaurant chain began changing their signature offerings sometime in the 1980's. I was a Pete's addict so I rolled with the punches. The price and the red sauce will hook you in. This being said this store has taking an all time low. What's with the little flat over cooked dry shrimp nuggets, terrible.  Maybe a little salt to bring out the flavors will help. After  all these years I am looking for a new deep fried seafood fast food restaurant.
3	I was surprised to see how many bad reviews this place got, I mean I am not stupid, the food is greasy, soggy and not that great, but they've been around for ages so they must be doing something right, I mean someone likes their food, lots of someone's. I'll be honest, when I got to Arizona one of the first places I went was Pete's Fish and Chips, it's like an institution in Glendale. I always get the fried scallops and the fried burrito. Dipped in red sauce (Tabasco and ketchup) they go down nice. I've had the burgers and I'll never have them again. When I graduated from Dysart High School one of the things I didn't miss we're their cafeteria burgers, I sure as heck ain't gonna pay good money to eat the same burger from Pete's. The fries are good and the red sauce really does go on anything, not that you really have a choice in dips, red sauce comes with every meal. The orange soda is nice and fizzy and the cherry icees are nice and cold. It is pretty annoying that they only take cash, but the regulars already know to bring cash with them. The employees aren't the most responsive of workers, but that is something you come to expect with these old and set in their way type of joints. After I eat at Pete's I feel fat and greasy and don't even want to think about the food for about a week, but after that I am right back there with $10 I one hand and a roll of napkins in the other. I can't hate on Pete's Fish and Chips and I can't talk badly about them because I know I'll always be back and would be sad if they ever went away. "Quick, here comes the food inspector, put your gloves on, pull your hairnets over your hair, and for gods sake pull your pants up!"
1	Overrated and overpriced. I have passed by Pete's hundreds of times and never stopped because I rarely carry cash and they don't take plastic. I just happened to have cash on me and time to kill today so I stopped in for lunch. I ordered the #1 combo. It was almost 8 bucks for 4 pieces of shrimp, 1 fishy patty, soggy fries and a large soda. The shrimp was decent, they were pretty big. The fish patty was not very good. The meal was served with a red sauce which I believe was watered down cocktail sauce. Although the shrimp was pretty good, nothing else I had was. I won't bother going back. Do yourself a favor, go to the grocery store and buy some fish sticks instead. They'll taste better than Pete's fishy patty.  Pretty disappointed with Pete.
1	We decided to come here for the first time. We had drove by a bunch, but never actually stopped in. We would've been better off saving our money and just spending $10 at the grocery store in the freezer isle. Everything is bland, hard, and mostly batter compared to the fish or shrimp inside. The only good thing is the sauce but that's cause sauce can mask any crappy food. Never again...So so so disappointed!
1	Try the fish and chips. The shrimp has a lot of breading. If your looking for cheep this is your place. Only take cash
4	Great fish and shrimp.  Monster Burgers are as good as they get.  The Red Sauce is great on everything.  The only bummer is they are cash only.  Since I never carrry cash I always have to run by the bank before going.
3	It's been years since  stopped in here.  I was looking for fish and it was handy.  The fish was fine.  I would have preferred the fries a little more crispy.  Still not a fan of their sauce but the batter on the fish has enough seasoning I don't really need a sauce.  The price was reasonable for my 3 piece lunch and in fact I would have been fine with only the 2 piece meal.  I'll be back quicker than I was last time.
1	Just. Simply. Discusting. The worst fish and chips I every had. I only went cause it was my wife's spot when she was a kid but never again will I step foot near this place again. The fries, onion rings, fish where just gross.  Over fried and no taste. Only decent thing would be the shrimp and sauce thag they have. Oh and remember your own rag to clean your own table and bring your own napkins too.
2	Apparently a Phoenix area chain with a good reputation. I had lunch here with dear papa and after eating at this one on Glendale, was astonished at how busy they were.  I think this is a fish place for people who really enjoyed their fish sticks when they were in grade school. Fries were mediocre, too. They don't even carry malt vinegar (a staple of any fish place) and the server seemed offended that I'd ask for it instead of using their very strange "special" sauce. The only plus is that Pete's is cheap and the service was pretty fast. I realize Phoenix is in a desert but if you want fish you're better off at Trader Joe's and making it at home.
5	Been going to this location since I was 4 y.o.  love the monster burger. The burrito tastes great. The fries, shrimp, and fish are great too. Love the spicy ketchup!! Its all good!! Love this place! When I was younger they use to have a ball pit for kids. Don't know why they got rid of it but there are a lot more tables now, which they probably need. Great place! Don't feed the birds! Lol
