5	I like this one the best out of all of them. My first ever Serrano's where I fell in love with the bean dip thing they serve.  The service here is great, and they are way friendly and I would highly recommend this one to anyone!  I like the Machaca chimi more then any other food they serve!!!
5	1st of all, best bean dip ever. You can get endless bowles of bead dip and salsa w/chips for just ordering a margarita. After ordering the fajitas a few times, I switched to the pollo special on the specials menu. It comes with tortillas and happens to be a better flavor recipe than the fajitas. The fried ice cream is delicious too. Its a great place for groups and parties.
3	Short and sweet. The food was decent, something not the same in the taste from the other locales I've had. I think it had something to the taste being a lil bland, not very seasoned on my carnitas Chimi. But the service for the most part was good, and we were approached by the manager so it was a nice overall friendly environment.
5	Even though Serranos has a few chain restaurants, it has to be the most authentic tasting chain Mexican restaurant in Arizona.  I got the chicken fajitas and they were literally sizzling.  What I enjoyed about my meal was the serrano chilis they put to add a little kick to the fajitas.  Another one of my criterias for a good Mexican restaurant is the salsa, since I literally pour salsa all over my food.  They had kind of a bean dip salsa and a regular salsa, and both taste really good together.
4	Agree this is the best of the Serrano's locations, and that the Val Vista and guadelupe location is the worst.  The bean dip is always warm and tasty, chips almost always hot and salted reasonably.  For the last 5 years the chicken tortilla soup and albondigas have never, ever been less than superb.  In terms of food, service, ambience this is really 3 stars, but for being so damn consistent over the years gotta give this one a 4.
5	I have been dining at Serrano's for years!  I rarely change my order, which is chicken burro enchilada style (red), rice only.  They offer complimentary chips, salasa, and hot BEAN DIP!  Its worth it alone to have the bean dip, never had it better anywhere else.  Luckily Serrano's is all over the valley, and if you're in a neighborhood for a period of time, you can count on Serrano's offering you their amazing dishes.
5	Great happy hour spot to unwind and BS with your coworkers!  Personal bowls of bean dip and salsa served with fresh made tortilla chips is perfect with a tall, cold glass of draft beer.  The service is fantastic - my chips and dips are always kept full.  They make sure your're good on everything but don't harrass you to buy more than a couple beers.
5	We tried Serrano's for dinner while visiting family in Mesa. This was some of the best Mexican food I've had. It was more authentic than most other places we looked into, which is exactly what we were looking for. They seem to have a really wide variety of dishes, which was perfect for the varied tastes in our party. The complimentary chips, salsa and bean dip were great. The chips are served fresh, and the bean dip is hot! Service was great and the prices were fair. It took a little while to get our food, but we were fully satisfied munching on the chips and bean dip, which they refilled on request. We will definitely return the next time we are in Mesa!Recommended: Bean dip (amazing!) and Enchiladas Suizas
3	We ate here over the weekend while visiting AZ for a wedding.  I don't like spicy food and don't know what "good Mexican" food is so I don't have much background, but here goes:The chips, salsa, and bean dip are very good, especially the bean dip.  They all keep coming to the table as fast as you can eat them - always a PLUS.We went on a Friday and the MARG special was prickly pear.  It was so so tasty, although I don't think there was much alcohol in it at all.  I asked for a carnitas enchilada and my 4 friends and I waited for quite some time for our food so we were stuffed from the chips, salsa, and bean dip.  When my food finally came it was basically an overcooked, cubed pork chop in a burrito - dry and yucky!
3	A good, solid Mexican restaurant.  I ordered the halibut fillet dinner on a Sunday night.  The chips were a wee-bit stale and the salsa and bean dip was ok.  The only Mexican beer on tap (Dos Equis amber) was gone already :(  and it took a while for the waitress to get me a bottle of it.  I had asked for water with lime...but the lime came with the beer instead.  It took a while for dinner to be served too.  The place was not overly busy.  The Mexican vegetable mix was chopped mash overcooked.  Not an impressive meal.  The manager was good, stopping by each table to see if everything was ok.  I might return...maybe.
4	This is a great little place.  The atmosphere is authentic enough to feel like it's good mexican, but not fancy enough to feel all conceited about it.  They have some good (unlimited) chips with salsa or bean dip to eat before your meal, and they've got a solid menu full of very reasonably priced stuff.  On some of it you can tell they are cutting corners to save money, but I don't mind because they're passing the savings on to you by not charging too much.  For example, their Chili Relleno is wrapped in a scrambled egg instead of being batter-fried.  Or their fried ice-cream that's just covered in corn flakes instead of a true sweet-crumb batter.  But they still taste great and, like I said, it's cheap.  I ate there last night with my wife and it was $25 for the both of us.  Maybe $30 with the fried ice cream.Also, they take reservations for large groups.  Sometimes I'll go there after a business meeting so I'll call ahead and get a large table for 12 in the back.  They're cool with that and the service is always great.
4	We found this place on Yelp while running errands. Everything was great with great service. I had a combination plate with an enchilada and taco it was great. My wife had a fish plate that tasted great...yeah I had to try it.Also ask for the really hot salsa for your chips! We will most certainly eat here again.
4	First time here and the staff was awesome.  The food is just...eh...but the server did an awesome job at keeping our drink replenished and being around without being around too much.
5	My husband and I had lunch at Serrano's with our friends who live in  the area at their suggestion. Wow! Everything was great from start to finish. The facility itself was clean and tastefully decorated (Hey! Presentation is everything, right???), the hostess was friendly, the wait staff attentive and diligent about keeping our drinks topped off and the chips and salsa coming without having to ask even once for a refill.  OMG!!! The salsa was about the best I've ever tasted anywhere - so fresh and with just the right amount of hot that got its "giddyup" from actual CHILI peppers, NOT black pepper. Others said the bean dip was good too, but I detest beans so you'll have to take their word on it. Everyone enjoyed their meals and overate because it was so tasty despite filling up on the chips and salsa. My husband had the soft taco plate and gave it a rating of 9 which says a lot because he is TOUGH! I had the grilled chicken quesadilla which was HUGE and loaded with gooey, melty cheese. Oh so good... Okay, Serrano's, when are ya comin' to West Valley???
4	Chips & Salsa: mmm mmm mmm! It was pretty fantastic, and the fact that we got a bean deep with it was a very nice surprise! The salsa was some of the best salsa I have had with a good amount of kick but certainly nothing overwhelming!Service: Friendly, a good amount of checking in and recommendations on the menu. The first time I visited our waitress was a treat, second time our waitress was fine... but both times a manager stopped over to check in on us. I just felt very taken care of at the Family Restaurant! Food: I've had the same things both times! I wish I could remember what it was actually called but it is 2 enchilada type things (with your choice of pollo or carne) and topped with this amazing Jalapeno Cream Cheese sauce... honestly if they could just put a plate of that cream cheese, a little bit of chicken, and some chips - it would pretty much be the greatest dish ever! (Good Idea to try out next time!!)
5	Service was excellent, food was excellent, atmosphere was comfortable.  I enjoyed eating at Serrano's.  The bean dip an salsa with their chips was excellent!  I had a 2 item combo with a tamale and enchilada.  Very tasty.
4	Great Mexican food and very family friendly.
5	We love this place. The chips and salsa and bean dip they bring out is so tasty that I could just eat that and be happy. One time when we brought a big group on a somewhat busy night it took a really long time to get our food, but we go there all the time and it's usually always prompt with good service and good food.
4	A great thing about Serranos is how quick the food and drinks come out! This tends to be a spot we go to on Friday nights! They have a great house margarita!As soon as you sit down you are greeted with chips, salsa, and bean dip! (all very good) Then you order and bam your food is ready within 20 minutes hot and fresh. We've tried several things here tacos, burritos,chimichangas, fajitas, and enchiladas. The only thing I didnt like was the fajitas. They were overcooked and the meat was chewy! The only downside to this place is that when the snowbirds are in town its impossible to get a table before 8 pm.
3	Nice option for chain Mexican food.  Nothing to get super excited about but not bad either.  We will keep coming here whenever we want a nice Mexican meal because there aren't many Mexican places that are better than this in the area...
3	Some of my family really loves Serrano's, so I have been here at least a few times since I have been in Arizona.I personally don't think it is the greatest Mexican food, but I can see how it is a great value. Their prices are pretty good and they do give you a lot of food. The chips and dip are excellent, but I haven't been able to find an entree that I thought was too impressive. Every time I have gone I have ordered something different and I will keep trying to find that awesome platter!I think its an alright Mexican restaurant overall, but it doesn't excite me too much.
5	Lunch Specials, fast service! Hot
3	I find it amazing that the separation of only 110 miles between Tucson and Phoenix causes the difference between the mexican food to be so drastic. This place isn't bad so let me first say that. But it is so far from the Mexican food in Tucson that I kinda felt disappointed. I felt like being in Arizona the Mex food would be equal but it sure isn't I enjoyed my food and had my Mexican fix but it wasn't nearly as good as I assumed it would be. I think next time I'll stay away from the Machaca and get some enchiladas or something.
3	Putting my Mexican restaurant rule to the test, I promised my self I would not judge this place , or any place, until the chips and salsa came out. My rule is (and it almost NEVER fails me) if the chips and salsa aren't good, the food won't be good. Stale, store-bought chips= entrees made with canned, processed ingredients- not fresh ones. Flavorless, ketchup-like salsa= flavorless food you would be better off buying pre-made at the grocery store. Try it out, it works!After being served our chips and salsa and taking my first eager bite, my conclusion was: Not bad. Not amazing, but not bad. In fact, I only visited this place a week ago and I hardly even rememeber it. That's the kind of impression it made on me. I ordered the Machaca which I usually love, but this seemed to be lacking the flavor and texture I was looking for. The rice and beans aren't bad, but again, not amazing. I would recommend this place to people afraid of Mexican food- those that rarely eat it and never venture far away from a ground beef taco. However, if you are like myself and could eat Mexican food all day every day, I would recommend you skip this place and look for the nearest run-down, mom & pop, been-around-for-50-years, Nana still in the kitchen, local kind of place.
1	Bleh! I can't believe this place has so many good reviews. The quality of the food is very poor (I think their appetizers come from the freezer section of the grocery store), anne the preparation is even worse- meat and beans have hardly any flavor, and the fried items are cold, limp, and greasy. You'd think that would be enough, but no- the menus, table, and silverware were dirty! I would've walked out, but it was someone's birthday. Service was mediocre. The only things positive were some of the decor and rooms to facilitate large parties.
2	Visiting from out of town, this was our first stop for lunch.  After traveling for 12 hours, we were hungry, and that may have skewed my appreciation for the food.The overall feeling at our table was that the food was mediocre.  We got what we ordered, they honored the special requests that one in our group made, but it didn't leave me wanting more or needing to go back.  The service was friendly but not terribly attentive.  I asked for extra napkins which came at the end of our meal, along with the extra salsa I requested.
3	I had the steak burrito.  This is traditional Mexican versus the lighter and healthier CaMex - re-fried, heavy on cheese, very few greens.  The table chips and salsa includes re-fried beans.  Very friendly and courteous staff.  Seated promptly, food came out quick and hot, and no eating for refill of ice tea and check delivered promptly.  That is a lot of pluses on the service side.  4 stars if the burrito came heavier in greens and lighter on cheese and refried.
3	I had lunch there on Monday afternoon and my overall impression was "eh, ok." It wasn't bad, but it just wasn't good. I ordered the two combo platter with a bean tostado and a chicken taco with rice for my side. My boyfriend ordered a bean and cheese chimichanga. Nothing was spectacular, nothing stood out, everything could have benefited from the addition of salt and fresh herbs. I didn't have anything there that I couldn't make better myself and that's why I enjoy going out to eat - to have food I don't have at home. I had enough iceberg lettuce on my plate to make a salad. There was hardly any chicken. I would sum it up as "bland".
3	Read some reviews before coming here so I knew it would be hit or miss. The experience wasn't amazing but I wasn't disappointed.My meal consisted of a bean tostada, cheese enchilada, and a beef taco. I don't remember what the the combo was called but I was having a hard time making up my mind and figured some variety would be nice. The taco was good, the beef was shredded and a had a lot of black pepper. The cheese enchilada was good but I prefer my enchiladas real saucy. I didn't finish the tostada because I didn't really like the shell.The kids got chicken fingers with fries and said the fries were no good. I think there were only three little chicken fingers in the meal.The best part of the meal was the waitress. She let us know about a promotion that is going on where you go online, get the phrase of the day, say it and you get a free food item. The day we went it was flautas and we each got a free one. We ordered two beef and one chicken. They were good. The food item changes daily.I may or may not be back. With all of the Mexican food choices around here I will probably choose an establishment that I haven't yet tried.
5	When I lived in Gilbert I always went to the original in downtown chandler. Tried this location on for size and was not disappointed. The good was wonderful as always. One of my favorite Mexican places.
5	My husband and I try and eat at Serrano's at least twice a month. We love the food (chips and salsa plus the fantastic bean dip), service, and most of all the price. Never have had a bad experience there. They are the best. Beth is the best waitress in AZ. We do not have a want when we are there. She knows how to serve and please customers!!!
2	Stopped in for lunch. Restaurant is large; it's hard to imagine there being much of a wait during prime dinner times. The staff is friendly and attentive, but the food... not so much.Chips are fine; salsa is OK, and you also get a small bowl of warm refried beans. Prices are fair in regards to portion size. I do like that the vegetables they use are very fresh; I hate getting veggie enchiladas, etc. that use frozen, poorly cooked vegetables. The zucchini was fresh, crisp, and pretty good. The rice and beans were too salty in my opinion. Food was average at best.Definitely not the best Mexican food I've had; I am surprised at the high rating. However, service was good (our drinks were never empty, and we didn't have to ask for a refill on chips). The server also asked about how we wanted our check split, which helped avoid a lot of hassle.Not sure if I'll be back, but definitely not a bad experience by any means. Just not my kind of food.
2	Greasy, salty, gringo "mexican"  food at gringo prices.  No bueno. No gracias.
4	This restaurant is great. I really had a good time. I just went for lunch. The staff was so considerate and helpful I absolutely recommend
5	Wonderful service especially if u get Beth   Everything outstanding to include the hot bean dip to start things off.
5	Possibly the BEST Mexican food I've had in Arizona !! This place is absolutely fantastic!
4	I gave it a four because everything I have tried from them was good. Not the BEST Mexican restaurant I have ever tried but definitely one I would go back to on a regular basis (especially since it's close.) I really like that they give you bean dip with your chips! They also have some great desserts.
2	The only reason I gave my experience 2 stars is because the food was awesome... Beyond that, my experience was not so great. My friend and I were seated right away, but getting our drinks took forever. Once we had ordered, again our food took a loooong time to get to the table. Our server came and checked on us maybe once, and that was after we flagged her down. On top of the annoyingly slow service, our table was sticky :/ All in all, great food, horrible service.
1	Had the worst experience tonight. The bean dip was cold and below room temperature it seemed. I got my soft taco with meat and cheese only , only for it to be a loaded taco. Then when we got our ticket the reduced a drink off I thought. Nope , came back and fixed the check and charged me for the drink even though niether me or my significant other at our meals. So $20 down the drain to a "local" establishment that's customer service is garbage. Won't be back again , sad that our family ordered $150 worth of food from them for our family reunion. What a waste. Wow.Also for the drink they recharged me for , the server never refilled once. So $2.50 or whatever for a drink I couldn't even get a refill on. COME ON!
3	Normally this place is pretty good. My last couple experiences have been horrible. The idiot server dropped my drink all over me while breaking the glass on the table. Then it took 40minutes to get out food, and it wasn't very busy. Once we got out food I ordered a chicken burro with green sauce, I got a beef with red sauce. I told the lovely waitress and I got the response no thats what you ordered. Rude.
4	The food is good, reasonably priced and usually comes out very fast. There was only one time that we had to wait a little bit longer than we would have liked to get our order, but to be fair, it was super busy at the time.
1	This was my third attempt in 13 years to get a decent Mexican dish from this place.  FAILED AGAIN.  Overpriced, the worst Mexican food ever, my Chimichanga was more like a burrito, not fried enough at all.  When they are busy, the food is clearly uncooked and rushed.  For the money, Taco Bell is way better.  What does that tell you?  If you want great Mexican food, head to South Tucson and 4th and 6th Avenues just a couple of miles off I-10, take the 22nd Street exit then go left (east).  Macayo's hands down has the best Mexican food.
4	We are new residents here in Mesa and several people recommended Serrano's.  We were glad we tried it.  This will be a go to place! The food was great and we loved the bean dip!
5	A guy named Jon provided wonderful service to my date and I. We will definitely be returning. Smiles and great food all around
4	Good standby place, with good food. It's not a fancy place and it's not the best place ever but it's always good. Never had any problems here and it's not expensive either. I've spent a lot of time here over the years and there is a reason for that.
3	I got the chimi, not bad, nice that it comes with sour cream and guacamole. Unbelievably, some Mexican restaurants here don't give you that. Sylvia is very nice waitress. Although, she isn't mine, she helping my waitress., who I haven't even gotten her name yet.pretty good iced tea and I love iced tea! Salsa is good. I like Garcia's salsa better, but still this one not bad at all. Ok, my waitress is Fabiola. She's not real smiley, but doing an efficient job.  I'm here at 12:51pm and overall it has been a pleasant experience.
1	Service was terrible. Food wasn't the greatest either. There are a lot better Mexican restaurants on the area.
2	All of our food had a hint of Italian seasoning, which was strange and unappealing.  The veggie enchilada is chock full of zucchini (the menu just said veggie, and I had anticipated the usual peppers and onions...if you love zucchini, get the veggie enchilada and a side of Mexican veggies - also just zucchini - unfortunately I really don't like zucchini!).  All around the place is nice, service was friendly, but the food just wasn't good.
1	This place blows.  Came here because it's close to home.  $8.50 margarita and it was the weakest drink ever.  Food is bland.  I had green beef enchiladas, wife had red beef.  Both sucked.  Don't waste your money here.
1	Went here because of the beautiful building and positive reviews... We were disappointed to say the least. Soggy chimichanga, mushy rice, bland machaca and chicken, chips that tasted like supermarket chips, and mediocre salsa.
5	Great food, good service, great bean dip. I like to take out-of-town guests here for a good experience.
