1	The first time we ordered takeout here we were pleasantly surprised. The General Tso's Chicken was fried to perfection, the vegetarian rice noodles were tasty, and the portions were huge. Oh, and they gave us free almond cookies -- yay!The second time was a disaster. The orange peel chicken had more batter than chicken, the pork in the pork with snow peas was barely recognizable as meat (too much tenderizer?), and the moo shu pancakes had the texture of a cereal box.After the second experience, we will not be ordering from here again.
1	"Mediocre" would be pushing it.Leaving aside the fact that the name is almost entirely unrepresentative of the type of cuisine they generally provide (it's not a szechuan-specialty restaurant), the food I ordered was some of the most miserable I've eaten in this town.The potstickers were swimming in grease, a gummy dough filled with a mushy filling that I wasn't entirely sure was thoroughly cooked-through.  The Chinese-restaurant-standard of Sweet-and-Sour chicken was overbattered and overcooked to the point that it was tough, dry and actually difficult to bite through, and it was not redeemed by the tub of fluorescent red, one-note sauce.  My salt-and-pepper squid special was fortunately fried well, although consisted of little more than fried squid served on a bed of shredded iceberg lettuce, and was seasoned primarily with salt and a generous portion of badly-scorched garlic.  When the dominant flavor of a dish is "burnt garlic" you've got a problem.  While I could probably forgive one or two flecks of the stuff, it was a pretty substantial helping.  I've been reliably informed that this is a companion restaurant to an unspecified longtime east-side stalwart, which makes it even more baffling that some of these newbie mistakes would be allowed to slip out of the kitchen.    Some of the other reviews demonstrate wildly uneven food quality.  I've asked friends who've tried the place out to validate that my experience wasn't an anomaly.  Sadly, it wasn't.  Each of them left displeased too.  On the plus side, they gave me like 7 fortune cookies and had free almond cookies.  So if you like cookies, I guess there's that.
4	Really great chinese food! Get your meal for take out. The atmosphere inside is nothing to speak of. BUT don't let that fool you, the food is amazing! We had hot garlic pork and Szechuan chicken. Huge portions and great flavors.  See for yourself...
5	This place has now become my favorite Chinese restaurant in town.  Yes, I understand there are a few gems as far as Chinese food is concerned, such as Fugu, Hong Kong Wok, Tom's Red Pepper, and a couple of others.  But I have been to Szechuan enough times now to have tried a handful of dishes, and none have disappointed.My favorites are Kung Bo, Spicy Garlic, Chow Mein Fan, and General Tso's.  They are truly amazing dishes that have great sauces and flavor.  I have not found a Chinese restaurant in Madison that can top these particular dishes.I don't understand the negative reviews, I have not experienced a bad dish once.  I wonder if maybe the cook was someone other than the owner.  I know that the owner always cooks during lunch, so maybe he has someone else cooking at night?  I'd be curious as to what time of day the "bad dishes" were served.In any case, I have lunch at Szechuan twice a week, and come Sunday, I'm looking forward to lunch on Monday.Oh, and don't forget to ask them for extra spicy if you like heat, and white rice if you're not a fan of fried, as they seem to prefer to give you fried rice if you don't specifically ask for white.
4	Fantastic Kung Bo! LOVE it.
4	Have had take out from this place several times. It's my number two favorite Chinese restaurant. Kung Bo and Mongolian beef were so good. hope it makes it as it seems not to be discovered yet in a strip mall.
