5	4.5 stars rounded up due to a good deal!This place must have just opened up days ago.  I ordered a personal size pizza for $5.  The crust is similar to flat bread and was cooked to perfection.  The crust was crispy without being burnt and the cheese was of good quality.  The sauce tasted homemade.  The pepperoni could have been of higher quality but was fine.  Many people may think it's a bit on the small side, but i will take quality over quantity any day.
2	When asking about the food at the restaurant, the employee went on and on about the sandwiches that were available and how good they were.  Being that the rest of my party wanted pizza, we ordered a pizza.The pizza is thin crust pizza.  When I say THIN crust I want to emphasize THIN.  The pizza came out on a plastic rectangle tray and not on a pizza dish or even pizza-style plate.  I'm not necessarily all about presentation and prefer taste over presentation, but don't serve me my food on a plastic tray you would find in Taco Bell, Burger King, Fill in the blank here..Back to the taste of the pizza...We ordered just a simple plain pepperoni pizza and we couldn't even pick up the pizza without it falling apart.  It was like attempting to pick up a wet noodle and hold it straight while eating it.  I would not recommend this pizza to ANYBODY.The staff was helpful and very friendly, while the setting was somewhat quaint and small.  Somebody try the sandwiches and let me know!Large 16" Football Shaped Pizza ---- $16Free refills on soda while you are there dining in!
4	Odd place, Rochelli's... Stopped in here one night on my way home to a hungry family. Decor is typical low budget, new shop hodge-podge. Got garlic bread, some pasta and a large pizza. Bread and pasta were meh, but the pizza, in it's out-of-roundness was quite good, however small. We'll be back, but it wont be for their ambience or garlic bread. It'll be for those funky looking pizzas--and to support the little guys.
3	Three stars for taste and unique style pizza. But for a quick lunch, fogettabout it. Slow......Come on guys, your customer base in the industrial area have to be in and out in 20 minutes to get back to work. Here is a clue....SLICES! And while you are at it, a "slice and a drink" lunch special  please. Most pizza joints have this, right? I would enjoy your great pizza more often, if in a reasonably time and price......
5	Awesome pizza and a great way to support local merchants. Just got done scarfing some meatball and mushroom (yes, they're fresh, not canned!). They have a great, thin crust with toppings covering edge-to-edge. The one thing to get used to is its shape - the larger pizzas come oval, not round.If you're looking for a pizza that's delicious and made with love, go to Rochelli's!
3	Stopped in for a quick lunch. No slices just ordered a personal pizza. Pizza and a soda was about $8.50. I liked the odd shape of the pizza. The taste was so so, cheese was good, crust medium and sauce kinda boring. I'm not sure if I'll go back. For a quick lunch I'll get some slices at Barros and be out the door for under $5 ... Way better pizza there.Funny thing was I was the only one who ordered pizza there. Everyone else (maybe 4 people in the place) got sandwiches, maybe those are better.
5	Love this place. They are still working out the kinks but the pizza is awesome. Try the handmade spicy sausage and onion rings.
4	While driving down Cave Creek Road you will see a lot of mom and pop pizza places.  Give Rochelli's a try.  Simple thin crust pizza with great flavor.  Uncomplicated sauce and great toppings.  Their SAUSAGE is GREAT!  Nothing fancy about this place. A couple things I would love to see them add would be wings.. what's a pizza place without wings?  Also, more toppings such as pepperoncini's, green olives.
4	Been there twice, once for carryout, once dine-in.  While I felt like it was a little expensive, it was not outrageous, and now that thye have specials and coupons, I'm thinking its a good deal.Went on tuesday for kids to make thier own meal and the place was mobbed and the service a bit slow.  I'm happy for them that they have the business, but with two young kids "happy time" is a precious commodity.  Hopefully that was just new business jitters.In the end, it's a great alternative to all of the chains we have in the area.  We'll be back again.
5	If you want to go to a Pizza place where you ...treated like family....spoiled by the management.... Treated to ALL homemade thin crust pizza, oval shaped is their trademark.... Homemade Italian sausage with a bit of spiciness and some of the best pizza ever....go to Rochelli's! We (my 3 boys and I) go every Friday night, it's become a family tradition. They greet everyone who walks in, and every customer is treated like they are on the "A" list!Mark and Shelly have created an atmosphere that is rarely found in AZ. A family owned, family run with family injected values.....Go and enjoy an oval pizza today... Tell um Paul sent ya......
5	Great dinner Friday night! This place is the only spot for pizza in the North-Central valley. We had meatball, mushroom, and onion; mushrooms were fresh (not canned) and meat just spicy enough. Rochelli's has the perfect crust and sauce. We had a couple beers while waiting for our pie, and watched some football on the new televisions.
5	Something about the pie :~)Love it!Been there approx. 10 times and can't get enough of their special sausage on the pizza.Unlike any other sausage pizza in town... Seriously!Thank You, Mark & Shelley
5	This is a locally owned establishment by a hard working family.  Kudos to them for "sticking it to the man" in the uber-competitive pizza market.  To do that you have to do a few things really well and they have.Quality - the food tastes fresh!  This isn't some mass produced pizza or sandwich slung together by a parolee at one of the Sandwich-Mart's.  Their food tastes like your Italian Grandma made it special just for you!Price - The economy is tight.  Everybody has an eye on their wampum and most won't part with it easily.  Rochelli's offers fair prices that are in line with (or maybe a little better than) the competition.  Quite a feat considering their quality!Service - The owners are in the restaurant.  They are there putting their soul into that place and you can tell that they care.  I went in to pick up some pizza for take out the other day and all of the wait staff (owners included) made it a point to come by and talk to me like I was family.  THEY CARE!Give them a shot!
5	We had an hour in between soccer games and stopped in here for lunch. The food was great, the service was great and the prices were reasonable. We had a quarter order of onion rings which were excellent and were more than enough for the three of us. We split a medium pizza and it was just enough for us. The staff couldn't have been nicer to us. We don't live in the area, so we aren't close enough to visit often, but if we did, we'd be regulars.
4	I was impressed!1. Nice greeting by the hostess/waitress/cashier. 2. Great service by the same person3. The pizza, while I am not a fan of thin crust I devoured the entire thing!4. The price was great as it was Tuesday and they have a lunch Special.5. The owner, well played, he chatted w regulars the newbies. This is a place I could be a regular. Clean, inviting and good food.
5	For a fun family night out for good food, great service and casual place, this place ROCKED! WE went there after a long day at a soccer tournament, we stopped in and it was way above our expectations. We are eating the leftovers right now, and still taste great!
1	Terrible onion rings, super-thin soggy pizza. Too bad! It seems like a cute, family-run place that I would love to support, but I can't. It also has odd hours, so call first. Closes at 2pm, reopens for dinner. Closed on Mondays. However, they often leave the street advertising banners/cards up during the times and days they're closed.
5	Shelly's lasagna is awesome.
5	Rochelli's is delicious!!!  The waitress was very nice and helpful, willing to split our pizza into as many fractions as needed. The pizza was amazing, high quality meats and cheeses with a cracker thin crust. The large was huge, fed 3 people with half leftover for lunch the next day. Their location is not great as it's tucked back in a strip mall, but it's definitely worth going to. You will be hooked after one bite! Oh and it's family owned...another plus in my book!!!
5	While driving thru north scottsdale during work me and my coworker were getting hungry. And after a little searching on yelp I found this little slice of heaven. The first thing I noticed is the welcoming feeling the owner gave us even though they were swamped. I got the sausage sandwich lunch special(only $5.50) and it was delicious. I strongly recommend this place if only to chat with the owner. And the food is pretty good too.
5	Last night, it was late and I was searching my fridge - and there was the wonderful, savory snack - leftover Rochelli's pizza. Any pizza can be good or even great hot out of the oven. But an excellent leftover is hard to find.Order a large on your next visit and breakfast doesn't have to be a bowl of cold Wheaties.
4	My fiancee and I stopped in while shopping in the area. She had pizza and a side salad, and I had a chicken parm sandwich and fries.The fries were pretty pedestrian, but prepared well. Fluffy inside and crispy outside with just enough salt. Salad was fresh.The chicken parm was a little overcooked, but still moist and quite good. The pizza was very thin, but quite tasty. Not quite what we were expecting from a small pizza pie, but surprisingly good.Service was slow (we were there on a Saturday afternoon with only a couple other customers in the store and a couple of deliveries going out), but friendly. This is obviously a family run business with people who care about the business and their customers. If we're in the area again, we'll be back.
5	Try the ziti with sausage... 3 meals for the price of one!
5	This review is long overdue! Every time I have left after a lunch or dinner at Rochelli's everyone in our group has been raving about the great food and special warm service. By now we have had a chance to try many of the menu items. What they all have in common is that they are "fresh" and "real". The owners care about everything that comes out of their kitchen. There are no fast food shortcuts, processed ingredients or chemical preservatives going on here.  Those that whine that Rochelles doesn't sell fast slices don't understand this is not the kind of place that sells reheated "leftovers". This is a quality restaurant. Come here when you have time for a great meal. The cheese is real, pizza crust is fresh, meats are the highest quality and salads include all the best ingredients. The end products are, of course, reliably delicious. Meatballs are like grandma made them. The Chicken Parmesan is over the moon whether you order the dinner or the sandwich. Real tender juicy chicken. Not some gross processed, overbreaded patty like even some of the most pricey Italian restaurants try to pass off hidden under a bunch of sauce. Not in the mood for Italian? You are in for a treat then if you order the pork tenderloin sandwich. If you are from the Midwest you will think you are home! Order it on the regular bun and enjoy!Support these local restaurant owners that really care about their food and their customers!
3	Please note, this is really a 3.5 Star review. It was a Saturday night and it had been a long week. Neither of us wanted to drive to get dinner, let alone make dinner, so I decided to do a 'Yelp Delivery' search and this place came up. I was thrilled, I just noticed them a few weeks ago and I wanted to try them out. I was so happy they delivered to us! I was also excited because they have 4 1/2 stars, it was like icing on the cake! So, I looked up the menu and opted to order onion rings because they were homemade; one large pizza and one order of Chicken Parmesan. I have a growing 11 year old and figured he would devour almost the entire pizza and Dave and I could split the Chicken Parm. I called them up and of course they weren't delivering because they had a large party in the house and they didn't have the staff, she said I could come pick it up. While I was absolutely dead tired and could have opted to eat frozen fish sticks instead of driving - I said OK, I'll go it get. She said to give them at least 30 minutes because of the large party, I was ok with that, after all it was Saturday at 7:30 and I totally understand they were busy. I also told her to skip the salad, I just wanted the Chicken parm meal and garlic bread and I would be there at 8:30, giving them almost an hour. We weren't starving, so it wasn't that big of deal. I arrived at 8:25. The place was loud, they had a band. I knew that because she told me she had to go outside, in back to take my order. If you read my other reviews, I like family owned businesses because we have one. There are good days and bad days, and I appreciate all the hard work it takes to be successful. However, if you choose to have a loud band on a Saturday night, you need to make sure you can accommodate both eat-in and take-out guests. if you know there is a big party, then you need to staff up. I would not have stayed to eat-in because the band was just too loud. I appreciate what they are trying to do, but they need a nice acoustic band, not a loud guitar/drum band, or at least get rid of the drums. Ok - the food was just coming up, so perfect timing. My bill was $35 and some change. I quickly did the math, $10/person. That seemed reasonable. I loaded up and took off. I got home and the order of onion rings was huge -- and it was a 1/2 order. The pizza looked good, nice and big. Unique oval shape. The Chicken parm was also huge. First impressions were great. However, the onion rings were way, way too salty. One side of the bag was ok, too much salt, the other side you couldn't even eat. Everything tasted fresh, so that was a huge plus, and while the pizza was  'droopy;' I liked it. Not a lot of pepperoni, but I really did like the cheese. Good quality. I didn't care for the sauce on the Chicken Parm. It tasted fresh and homemade, I just didn't personally care for it. The Chicken was good. That is my taste, so no deduction for that. Then finally I started thinking about my bill. I didn't get a salad and after the menu said they delivered on Friday and Saturday night - but they couldn't this night I had to go get it - at a minimum I thought they could have swung some type of a discount, even a 5% for the trouble and no salad. I could have ordered 2 large pizza's from the usual chain and had it delivered for $20 instead of $35. So all things considered, I would probably give them another try, as I did like the pizza;  the owner was friendly and the food was fresh. If those onion rings weren't so darn salty...definately a 4 star review. (1 star taken for the lack of delivery, sorry).
5	I love thin crust pizza.  I love eat even more when they don't skimp on the cheese, and this place does not!  Wonderful staff, great prices, and I saw a free comedy show and the comedians were top quality pro comics.  Definitely worth checking out.
1	We decided to give this local pizza joint a chance since it's really the only one in my neighborhood. Typically I order my pizza from Costco because of the quality of ingredients, size and value. I decided on two pizzas.....one sausage and mushroom which the girl on the phone said the sausage was made fresh everyday in house and one cheese pizza. We also thought we would give their wings a try since Costco doesn't offer wings in their food court.We were very disappointed and will probably not return. First, the pizza was very expensive for what you get. The pizza is in this strange oval shape and the crust was burnt in many locations. The crust is very thin and I couldn't get the burnt taste out of my mouth to enjoy the other ingredients.The wings....meh, I've experience better. These guys were smaller than the average wing and I felt they were very fatty. I was really hoping that Rochelli's would be a hit because I would much rather support a local/family restaurant that buying from a warehouse that I can find in every major city. I have lived in the area for about 5 years and this location has been 3 or 4 different pizza restaurants.....I hope the writing isn't on the wall and the restaurant gets their act together.
1	AVOID THIS PIZZA PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE !I totally agree. Their flavor-deprived pizza was very expensive for what you get. The pizza is in this strange oval shape and the crust was burnt in many locations. The crust is very thin and I couldn't get the burnt taste out of my mouth to enjoy the other ingredients.Prices are a rip-off ..... The place is too small, cramped and you get this claustrophobic feeling........  Better to get your pizza at the nearby Costco for $ 1.50 with a free drink even!  At Rochelli's you get no free refills on your outrageously priced soda and a smirk from the owner if you ask for one!AVOID THIS PIZZA PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE !AVOID THIS PIZZA PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE !AVOID THIS PIZZA PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE !AVOID THIS PIZZA PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE !
1	A hole in the wall place that serves outrageously expensive flavor-deprived pizza with no drink refills
5	I seriously can't believe a reviewer is trying to compare Rochelli's pizza to Costco pizza...there is no comparison.  I am totally addicted to the pizza here....the homemade sausage is wonderful, but my favorite is the plain cheese pizza.  They use just the right amount (a lot!) and the cheese has a wonderful flavor, not the stringy tasteless cheese a lot of chains use.  I am also addicted to their onion rings.  I'm not a huge fan of onion rings, and have definitely never thought about eating them with pizza, but you must try! They are fabulous.  The prices here are not the cheapest, but I don't want cheap taste, so I don't mind paying a little extra for quality.
3	I recently moved to the area. I've been looking for some local places to eat and happened upon this restaurant. I walked in and there were two women sitting at the bar chatting with what seemed to be the husband of the partners in crime. I was quickly greeted and seated, as the closed 20 minutes after my arrival. (My bad!)I was given a menu and informed of the drinks offered at the establishment. After the waitress/cook, or the wife, filled me in on their well-known family recipe based onion rings, I ordered a Coke. I decided on a half dozen, medium chicken wings, a personal pepperoni pizza, and a quarter order of onion rings. The first thing to come out was the onion rings. My tongue did not agree with my eyes. The rings were greasy, and lacked the typical onion ring flavor. They did use quality onions for the innards, but everything else was less than satisfactory. I could tell they tried, but their effort was not enough. Next, the chicken wings. Tasting the sauce, it was the perfect combination of tang and heat. It reminded me of the perfect buffalo sauce. The chicken they used was wonderful. It was juicy and well cooked. I usually prefer the "well-done" chicken, but this was still worth ordering. The problem I had was when the two, the sauce and chicken, came together. It seemed like there were things attached to the wings that weren't supposed to be there. Like bits of grease or something. It was discouraging. Finally, the pizza. It looked good when it came out on the tray. She had said that their pizza was a homemade thin crust dough. It tasted and looked like it. It was wonderful. They did, however, cook it on top of some kind of flour base and it stuck to the bottom of the pizza. It ruined it for me. The pepperoni was thinly cut, and didn't seem like it was from a Hormel package. The cheese was cheese. Having covered everything else, this leads us to the sauce. I was both pleased and disappointed. (Surprise!) it was a pizza sauce, and it was good. But I was expecting more for a homemade sauce. Overall, I tasted a bit of beer and some tomatoes. Not much more. For the drink, 1/2 lb. of medium wings, 1/4 order of onion rings, and personal pizza with one topping, I paid $13.00 plus some tax. Not too bad of a price, for good food. Overall, Rochelli's is a good Pizza place. I wouldn't drive across the valley for it, but if I were in the area, it would definitely be on my list. Check it out!
4	I'm confused in giving this rating.  The food was always great, hence the 4 stars, but their website is "down for maintenance" and when I call it rings and rings and says, "Thank you for calling, but Rochelli's is now closed."  Are they out of business?
5	They have reopened at a new location. Thank goodness! 10101 E Bell Rd, Ste 109, Scottsdale, AZ 85260
