4	A Torta Ahogada has to be one of the last culinary gems that has not become exposed yet. Perhaps good reason for it; the provenance makes Guadalaraja, Mexico the place of origin (having done business there for enough years we genuinely believe the history), and even in other parts of Mexico it is not easy to find. But we are starting to see the sandwich show up on some Las Vegas menus, and we have to give a shout-out to El Birotazo for making the best that we have found so far.Torta Ahogada literally means "drowned sandwich". Roast pork in a salty bollilo (the latter preferrably just a bit stale), dipped into a spicy chile arbol-based sauce. Add some pickled onions and a squeeze of lime. A fantastic combination if the meat is roasted properly and the bread sturdy enough to have a little staying power (especially if eaten from a cart in Guadalaraja).El Birotazo does it right. The owners are from Guadalajara and take a lot of pride in their product. Generous with the meat, and the bread is crusty and has just enough oomph to get about two-thirds of the way through before it collapses. But no problem - they serve it in a shallow plate with a spoon, so that you can enjoy to the last drop. As for the rest of the small menu, we do not have a clue - all trips have been for this sandwich, and it is difficult to think about taking any other direction.
5	Wow. wow. wow. Had lunch today with two friends at El Birotazo and tried enough dishes to be able to write a credible review of their exceptional food.Torta Ahogado: made with pork, this is a Mexican-dip as opposed to a French dip - and it's incredibly delicious.  They make their own bread, too, which makes this crusty bolillo surprisingly resilient - but since they bring out an additional bowl of tomato-arbol sauce, there's no reason to panic... We split this three ways and I have to say, I thought about forking my friend for her share, but I behaved myself...Tacos de Canasta:  I did a little research before we left for the restaurant so I'd not miss out on something I'd never had before merely because I was a newb... when I read that these are steamed tacos (also called Tacos Vapor) - so that the corn tortillas are soft and pliable filled with, for one option, potato, I knew we'd have to order some.  We also tried a chicken version, but it wasn't nearly as delicious as the potato.  This is a simple dish - but a perfect foil for their amazingly spicy, onion arbol broth and their smokey salsa loaded with cilantro.Tacos Dorados:  we ordered two beef  tacos.  These are the lovely crispy tacos - not rolled like flautas, but normal shape, filled with beans and cheese, fried crispy, then topped with the meat of your choice.  Great flavor, great texture - these were not greasy or heayy at all.  Fabulously messy finger food.  I'd have killed for a cold beer.  When we realized we still had room to try one more thing, we followed the lead of a little girl at a neighboring table, busily working through a barbacoa taco - so we ordered three so we wouldn't have to share this time  -- and it was the right decision.  The barbacoa tacos are double tortilla'd - one plain, the other dipped in the same tomato-arbol broth - filled with deliciously tender and juicy pulled beef - deshebrada - loaded with cilantro and light onion.  If you eat these with a fork to avoid the juice dripping down your arm, you're missing the point.  One hand-held bite of these and everything you think you know about tacos vanishes. I really can't decide which I like better of the torta and the barbacoa, but I know I'll be back - and with more willing tasters, because they have things like Lonches Calientes, that I still haven't had, and other torta flavors- goat and lamb and pork skin plus tostadas of all sorts...prepared traditionally like they do in Guadalajara with a crispy tortilla on the bottom and one on top - Yes - the menu is in Spanish, their website, too - the service, if you're prepared and have taken a look at their visual menu on their website: http://elbirotazo.com/menu/, is friendly, encouraging and helpful.  Please be the same in return.At lunch, it was packed - we got there early (before 12) and didn't wait for a table, but it was a Monday, and my guess is this place fills up quickly for their authentic, delicious, simple food.   Lots of families with their small children - which confirmed one thing we all agreed - this wasn't super spicy (unless you loaded up on the onion sauce they bring to the table...which is addictive), it's very kid-friendly and approachable which is nice to know - and great for introducing kids to real Mexican food...which I think is very important.  Food comes out quickly. (Another plus, if you're dining with children - or a hangry adult - so hungry, they're angry...)  Credit cards accepted. And if you go with more than 4 folks, it may take a while, most of their tables are 4 tops, and it's not a big place.  To get there, take Charleston east to Lamb, make a uturn at the light and it's on your right a block back.  This was definitely worth hunting for...
3	The tortas ahogadas are really good but they are way too small for the price. Beside the price everything else is good
4	In trying all of the LV Weekly's top 10, I came to this place.  It closes at 7, which I frustratingly found out on a Saturday evening at about 7:20.  When I got there on Sunday, the place was packed and people were standing waiting.  Always a good sign.  So, I ordered to go.  Had the torta ahogado.  Fantastic.  Since I got it to go, they put the sauce and the onions in a little baggy for me.  So, I got home, drenched it and ate.  Had to finish with a fork, but the bread stood up well to the sauce, which is liquidy.  The onion/salsa mixture is HOT, but great.  Basically, it was Mexican pulled pork with the sauce and onions.  Recommended, but be prepared since it's a small place.  I was very pleased how the sandwich stood up even with driving home.  Still warm and delicious.
4	Just tried a torta ahogada and a taco de barbacoa. Can't go wrong with either one!
5	Great, authentic. Loved it!
4	i love this place.. tacos de barbacoa    and tortas ahogadas is a must .. ..
4	Torta ahogada=your mouth will be on fire. no joke!fast service (we ordered to go.) this place is a hole in the wall but it does not disappoint (so glad i started yelping and came across this a while back ago! ) I wish the tortas were a little bigger... they're not big enough to share if you're really hungry. overall, we're addicted to the spicy sauce and can't wait to go back!
5	If You Love Mexican Food, this place is Way better Than Roberto's, Rigos, ect. This is Real Authentic Jalisco Mexican Food. Best of the Bestest! Tacos Dorados con Carne are my Favorite, I can always eat more than 6 but never less than 4.
5	Omgosh a must for Tortas.. if u are ever in Vegas u have to check this place out. The service is fast and the food is to die for. Don't judge before u try.  A whole in a wall for sure but the best food in town. U can have tacos de canasta the way they do them in Guadalajara , Tacos dorados y tostadas de queritos..  but the best by far is the Tortas Haogadas they serve the juice on the side so u decide how spicey u want it!!! A must try for sure!!!
4	Came to this place for lunch. Found it online and checked out the other reviews on yelp and decided to try it. Definitely a hole in the wall place. We passed it the first time. Not located in the greatest area, but worth it. Not expensive and the food is awesome.
3	the  food  is  good   very  good  just  the  place  is too small and   they  have a  1 dollar fee  if  you  use  a  credit or debit   !!!  really  that is   why  i do  just 3starts
5	Las mas ricas y autenticas ahogadas, como en casa, igualitas que en Gdl!
5	Best Mexican food I have ever had evvvvceeerrrr Service was awesome it reminded me of back home in Guadalajara Jalisco tortas tacos and tostadas where bomb Just like the old saying Taste so good it makes u wanna slap your mamma lol
5	This place is so good, I wish they had a place like this in Los Angeles because the food is as authentic as the one from Mexico. I had my doubts when I heard about this place but my last trip to Vegas diminished all doubts that I had, place is kinda small but it's so worth it!
4	Alright, so let's be honest..."looks can definitely be deceiving" and while I am also guilty of judging a book by it's cover, I must admit, sometimes we miss out on something great for being so shallow! lol! THE PLACE...had me on a wild rant over the weekend on the ridiculous wait time to get seated. Not only that, this place is SO small, you must wait outside in the "marvelous tolerable Vegas heat" until a table clears! So yes-I waited...figured, why leave if you're already there?... THE SERVICE...was average. There's a $1 fee for using a credit/debit, which I thought was ridic but anyway...moved on from that. Service was fast servers and were attentive. THE FOOD: Not to brag about how UH-MAZING my Jalisco food is but their limited menu items-every single one of them, are straight up authentic and bomb!! Minus the Torta because i'm not into soggy sandwich but i hear that too is amazing! I've had everything on that menu and love it! worth the wait, worth the extra dollar debit charge and worth the perverted looks you get from all my mexican paisas while you eat. ;-) Must try the barbacoa!
3	I love finding small, hole-in-the-wall type of restaurants and when I saw this place, I really wanted to try it! It fit all the description-- small, hole-in-the-wall Mexican restaurant.. one of my favorites! Once I went to the restaurant, I was excited to try everything to see if it was as authentic as it seems outside. However, I was greeted with a rude server who just looked at me as if I was confused. He told me and my party to sit anywhere and so I tried looking for a place where it was clean and not crowded. Once I was ready to order, I asked the server how big the tacos were and he said "What do you mean how big the tacos are?" as if I was stupid.. I mean there are small tacos where I need to order at least 4 to fill me up or the slightly larger ones that I don't need to order as much. I had to use my hands to explain to him what I meant. When I finished ordering, I just realized that they were closing in 5 minutes and maybe that's why he was so rude. Once I realized that, I decided to just take my food to go thinking that it would be easier for everyone at the restaurant. The server was saying it was okay-- but i'm sure he was just saying that. I hate being the last customer eating.. I already felt like I was unwanted in the restaurant, so I wanted to leave as soon as possible.The food came out really fast and everything was packed in a plastic bag.. including the sauces and literally... EVERYTHING! When I got home, it was more like... build your own taco, tostado and an ahogada. Tacos en Barbacoa- It was amazing! I really really liked the taco and the meat.. (oh, it is the larger tacos, btw. twice the size of the small ones) I ordered two which filled me up! I guess I liked it because I didn't really have to build my own taco. It they just put the sauce on the side and the condiments so I just placed it inside.. probably the ONLY thing that I liked.Tostado en Carne- I had to make it myself... would probably have been better if I was there, but it wasn't as good.. the portion was huge! I definitely like the one from Tacos El Gordo better. They have smaller portions which makes it easier to eat and melted cheese... yum!Tortas Ahogadas- did not look as good as the picture. I just didn't like it, period. I don't see what the hype was about. Overall, I give this place a 3 STARS. If it wasn't for the delicious tacos, I would have given this place 2 STARS. Service can definitely be better. I felt so unwelcomed and if they didn't want to serve us, they should have told us that the place was closing in 5 minutes instead of looking at us as if we were lost and confused.
5	OG Jalisco style food! Simple and delicious! Everything is really good. I like when their so packed we get to eat in the kitchen :) my husband and I are chefs (he used to live in Guadalajara) and this is a real treat for us!
5	One of the reasons why I love being Mexican we have some pretty bomb ass food! In this case "lonches" very traditional and common in Jalisco nothing compare to the ones out In Guadalajara but damn this is pretty close! It's a (hot) sandwich de pierna (pigs feet) very tender and soft. Made fresh to order and pretty darn good. Must try it.
5	Best Torta Ahogada in Vegas!!  My friends are from Guadalajara, so they told me I had to try this place.  Suffice to say, I was not disappointed.  I just let my friends order and I just feasted.  There was a potato taco that they topped with carnitas... phenomenal.  Possibly my favorite item.  The Torta Ahogada reminded me of a Mexican French dip sandwich.  Loads of meat drenched in a delicious red sauce.  I only wish I had a bowl of sauce so I could drown my entire sandwich in it.  The bread held up well to the generous helping of sauce on the plate.  Absorded all that goodness while maintaining its form.  So glad my bread didn't disintegrate.  And the best part of the meal, the bill.  Cheaper than Roberto's and much better!!!
2	I was very excited to try the tacos at El Birotazo. A half hour drive from the other side of town, but no matter. Happy to drive if the tacos are great, but these were mediocre at best. Flavorless really. How can Chicharron have no taste? Barbacoa tacos, tacos dorados, and the tacos al vapor were all very bland.  Nothing distinctive, nothing special, below average flavor. Service was friendly, attentive and quick. Shout out to Donut Tyme next door.
5	They only have a few items to pick from but all of them are delicious! Especially there signature dish which is a Torta Augada!! A Mexican sandwhich deeped in really delicious spicy hot sauce,goat meat,& lime juice but you can order it mild if u can't hang like the Mexicans  lol but overall the food here is Bom!! Oh and there huge fans of Chivas here so I suggest u don't wear a America 1 or they'll probably kick you out
2	men  I  want   to  el  birotazo  last  Friday  the  food  is  good   little  expensive  but  good   just  the  only  thing   is  the    1 dollar  charge  if  you  want  to  pay  with   card  that  is  crazy  one  dollar  really , zero  parking
