5	I needed a haircut and a shave. It is 5:50 on a Wed. Those lame chain barber wannabe's won't do it right. I found Buzz Boyz on google and made the drive. First thing I see is that this place is serious about what they do. Old School barber chairs, Wood all around, and TV's everywhere I look. Jonathan the Owner and Barber offers you a cold drink when you walk in (Amazing). The service is top notch. I got a hair cut.. a hot lather shave.. and walked out with my wallet not feeling like it was drained. This is my new barber.
4	Decent Barbershop haircut, friendly staff, great price, my only critique was that I could see a layer of hair clippings on the windowsill, needs better cleaning
4	Ok so where do I start? I guess just the way it happens.As you are driving down 32nd street from bell Buzz Boyz is located on the right hand side about 300yards from greenway. I had passed it the first time because it looked like a hole in the wall, shady, run down joint. But since I had made the trip specifically for this location I figured, might as well. Walking inside its like, a deceptive ruse was put upon the exterior, The place is clean and neat. The Barber walls are old wood. The chairs are dark brown leather, reminds me of the old 60's style Barber chairs.  Contrasting the old new york style chairs and wood are small Flat panel televisions at every chair as well as one large one in the corner of the room.All the Televisions were tuned to a local channel with a football game on (Cardinals and Vikings for my trip). There was a Man giving a haircut (Whom I found out his name is Jonathon) when I walked in and I had barely sat a min when a young lady (Who Turned out to be Jonathon's Wife Olga) came out and asked if I was ready.I told Olga I was here for a Cut and a Shave. She asked me If I would like a cold beverage (its complimentary she says) Wasnt thirsty so i declined, but what? really? who does that anymore? I love that!She does the normal barber thing, apron, towel, asks how short, yadda yadda...Then she does something quite rare...She proceeds to cut my hair....slowly and meticulously. You could tell she cared about what she was doing. She wasnt slow as in dragging ass but slow as in careful. She didnt rush through the job. We proceeded to small talk as is usual (which is hard because im not much of a conversationalist) Then when she was done she proceeded to edge up the back and ears....WITH A STRAIGHT RAZOR AND CREAM! I was surprised. I mean I was gonna get a shave but never expected  to be edged in the same precise manner..so onto the Shave.I have never had a professional shave. I didnt know what to expect but OMG..I am now a firm believer that EVERY woman should learn how to do that.ok so the important stuff. Olga first put a lotion on and then a cream she proceeded to apply a hot towel. She then went into shave mode. Again like with the hair she was meticulous (which is very understandable considering blade VS skin) She constantly was feeling for rough hairs, and making sure it was well cut and I was comfortable.All told the bill was very reasonable, The owners are good people, they do a service that is sadly so brushed off and forgotten very well. I have been looking for a neighborhood barber as have my 2 roomates and I must say..We have found it.
5	When my youngest son graduated I took him to Buzz Boys when they were in the Food City complex. He is now 25 and still goes. I gave a family friend a gift certificate for Fathers day. He still goes and so does his 30 yr old son. My oldest son is out of the Army and he started going. These men compare this to a spa for men. Hot towels, straight razor shave, etc. Hey I should get commission lol:)
4	I love buzz boyz. Good consistently solid haircuts every time i go. I love the punch card program. Free haircuts ftw.
5	Heard about this place since my sister moved to Arizona in paradise valley 7 plus years ago and she moved to Laveen and still travels to get my nephews hair cut only at buzz boys... since I moved here for school I tried multiple rays barbershop 3 times because they are closer and all fail in comparison; they left  me embarrassed to walk around campus 3 times. I now travel from tempe to buzz boys cause they haven't let me down. They give they best barbershop experience any one should have.
