5	Hands down my only choice for any ac related issues. I have been using Mark for almost ten years now. I trust him for my house my family and my friends. He will tell you truth and only repair things that need to be fixed. NO gimmicks, great prompt service . He goes all over the valley. I had him come to my house in chandler friends place in Gilbert even my new place in Central Phoenix.
5	Dave Hernandez and his skilled crew are friendly, helpful and prompt. You can trust Cool Aid to quote you a fair price and complete the job on time. Cool Aid has installed an entire new HVAC system for my home in Scottsdale and has completed check-up maintenance and repairs on my furnace, air-conditioning system, plumbing and other projects. I highly recommend Dave and his crew at Cool Aid Refrigeration.
5	Dave Hernandez, Owner, and Ken Hernandez, Service Technician, Cool-Aid Air Conditioning and Heating, checked out our air-conditioning system July 23, 2014, after my wife and I noticed the air moving through the air-conditioning ducts seemed to be too warm. Cool-Aid noticed problems right away, and repaired an open gap of about one-inch wide in the ductwork attached to the HVAC unit on the roof of the house. The ductwork had apparently become detached during a recent roofing repair and was the cause of the warmer air entering the home.My wife and I were very pleased with the speed at which Cool-Aid responded to my call, and diagnosed and repaired the problem. The price to repair the ductwork -- $120.00 -- was very reasonable. Hernandez and his crew of service technicians at Cool-Aid Air Conditioning and Heating have maintained and installed our heating and cooling system in our home since we moved into our home in 2002. You can count on Dave to offer rational advice and affordable options for repair and replacement of home cooling and heating systems.In 2009, Cool-Aid installed a completely new HVAC system for our home at a cost of approximately $6,500. Cool-Aid removed the old air handler and furnace from a closet area inside our home and the inadequately small condenser unit at ground level outside the home. Dave and his crew used a crane to install a complete HVAC unit on the roof of our home, freeing up space inside and on the exterior of the house. His crew removed the old equipment, installed the new equipment, completed new ductwork, installed a new thermostat and tested the equipment in an amazing day and a half.The new HVAC American Standard unit operates so quietly, I had at first thought it wasn't operating properly when it was first turned on. I have been very pleased at how quietly and efficiently the unit runs.-- Matt Kalina | Scottsdale, AZ
5	Thanks Mark for showing up on a Sunday to address an unknown issue that had my house nice and toasty on an Arizona September Summer Day.  You got on the roof and quickly and confidently found the issue which was the cooling fan.  You took the fan with you to replace the motor and returned early in the morning and had the fan back installed in no time.  Very professional and very reasonable.  Also a fair quote on a new unit if one is needed in the future.  Very impressed with the Service.  Thanks Again.
