5	Sexy, Chic, Hip.  Patio feels like 5th floor roof-top hotel.  GR8 DJ: spinned tunes of Hot Top 40 MIx.  Excellent sound system.  (no bass rumblings).  Dance Floor styled around a high stone fireplace with a mansion feel, set under a gigantic modern & unqiue chandelier:  Anyone who used to frequent Devil's Martini around the corner will luv this change to hit the nite scene :-)I'm anticipating the start of the food menu which starts in 2 weeks from a fabby high-end chef from PV resort.Will definately be back on a regular basis, especially since it is so close and Devil's Martini has gone to CRAP with new management.Open Thur, Fri, Sat eves.  Happy Hour Specials, VIP areas, Bottle Service, Dance, Garden Patio, Indoor/Outdoor Bar.
4	So I walked in with 10 of my friends thinking that this would be the place to go on a Friday night in more of the "North Scottsdale" area.  We went a little early because we were already out at a spot for Happy Hour and we decided to go visit the new place in town.  The place is nicely decorated with wooden floors and leather couches.  I have a friend that even took advantage of your stripper pole.  I have to say that everyone who worked at the place is great.  Super nice folks. Shawn the owner/gm is great.  Very nice and generous.  And it also helps that he is a Jersey boy!    Katie was our waitress, also super nice!  The ONLY issue I had with this bar/club/lounge was the DJ.  The music was terrible.  After multiple requests for some music, he still had not changed it up.  Not a lot of people were dancing....and I have to say that when we left at 12:30, on a weekend grand-opening, this place should have been PACKED and unfortunately it was not. Angels & Outlaws you have a huge obstacle to overcome. I am pulling for you, but  I think that the shopping center is not a good location for a club/bar as many have shut down before you and it is important to have good music.  I like the idea of every bottle is only $125 for service, there is no drink over the price of $8 and that you have great people that work for you.  So I am asking, please get a better DJ!
4	Very nice decor, ambiance and layout. The wait staff was incredibly friendly. We tend to get to places early so that we can snag seats, but by 10:30 it was beginning to fill up. The drinks weren't that expensive, happy hour till 9. The music was a bit ragged, and by the time we were leaving at 11:30 on a Saturday, there were still very few people dancing. Have yet to try the food, but will definitely be back.
