5	The good news is that Dr. Harouni left the practice she was at on Tenaya.  The bad news is that now I have to travel quite a distance to see her, at her new practice as a family physician with the KE Medical Group.  But it's worth it!  I tried to stay with the other doctor, but the disarray at that place, with its incompetent, nasty staff wasn't worth it for a doctor whom I thought was just mediocre.Dr. Harouni is very kind and warm, and very, very smart.  She's a good listener, and I never get the feeling that she's got one foot out the door and on to the next patient.   The first time I saw her at this new practice, we sat in her office; though she had no trouble remembering me, she didn't have my records from the previous practice, so I was treated as a new patient; it was a very thorough interview, and totally unhurried.  My follow-up appointment took place in the examining room, but with me in a chair face-to-face with the doctor instead of sitting on the exam table.  It's interesting how this seems to change the relationship to one of more patient involvement, rather than the customary doctor-patient power trip. I haven't had to wait more than a few minutes before being called in, and the office staff is friendly, pleasant and efficient.  There's even fruit and coffee in the waiting room.  Now, if they'd only give out the password to the wifi and get connected with another hospital besides just the one across the street, St. Rose-St. Martin, which doesn't have a great safety record...
5	Dr. Harouni is an excellent Dr. She spends time with you and if she does not the anwser to a question she is the first to seek it out. She is very warm and caring and a great tribute to the medical profession. More Drs should practice medicine as she does.
5	Best doctor ever! I used to go to Kimberly Adams but she fired me (for not having an expensive follow-up mammogram) and now I'm so glad she did as I found Dr. Harouni who is as good as her other reviews describe. She's very smart, patient, kind and unhurried. She referred to me to Dr. Schroeder, a great ENT and he took my tonsils out - something two other doctors had refused to refer me for - including Kimberly Adams.
