5	Finally a hospital in Las Vegas that my relatives love.  I'm not saying that everyone will find this the best hospital in the area, but for us, it was.1. Medical Care was excellent.  We knew everything that was going on.  The doctors for the most part were prompt in meeting with the family on every procedure being done, and discussed every medication being given.2. Overnight care - the nurses, respiratory therapists, and doctors were never far away.  Unlike the other hospitals like Summerlin (boo! piss-poor! Kiss my Aspen!)  and Centennial Hills (a.k.a. Centennial Hell), , there was no lack of staff resulting in our family member being ignored for hours at a time except by all of the machines being monitored.  Mountain View, though, was really respectful of patients and their families. 3. Paperwork, check-in, and check out was prompt and fair in price. They had all the documents in order when we checked out, and even days later were there to answer questions and make adjustments.But it's really the special features of this hospital that make it special.  First, a family member can stay with the patients overnight except in the intensive care unit where they have a waiting room.  But while we would take shifts watching our relatives, the nurses would do their job professionally and cheerfully, The Filipina nurses were the best, and the main reason I am giving this place a 5 star rating.  One other cool thing is their awesome cafeteria.  I usually dread hospital food and their public eating place.  But there stuff was fine, some things (like their coffee, entrees, and pastries) were cheap, like less than a dollar for French roast coffee, and about a dollar for a good muffin.  I full egg, hash browns, and bacon breakfast will run around $3.It's awful having to go into a hospital, but what a relief it is to know there are a place where you can get healed.  Oh, and in a poll of hospitals, average emergency wait times is less than 10 minutes here and about 40 minutes in all other hospitals.
1	Was brought into this living hell hole by ambulance. Waited 9 hours for a room in a chair. Nurses in emergency room horrible- too busy to help you with anything, rolled eyes at you if you so much as asked for water. They were in the nurses station having a snack party but couldn't help sick people.  Completely understaffed. Wait time to see a doctor was 17 hours. I have great insurance too. If you don't have insurance they sit you out in the hall and transport you to UMC. I cannot even begin to describe the disgust I felt after the treatment I received by the nurses in this dump.I actually had to rip out my own IVs and cardiac monitors when it was time to leave. If they told you something would take 5 minutes it would take hours.
4	My Mom spent a couple of days in this hospital when her blood sugar level dropped and she passed out and suffered a minor cut to her head.  It was a good thing it wasn't too serious of an injury and we were pleased with the level of service here.  Since she didn't have a prior condition of low blood sugar, it took a little while for the doctor to figure out what happened.In the meantime, the nurses took care of her and kept her in good spirits. Despite the high cost of the treatment, Mom was happy that she was taken to this hospital and recommends it to others.Return Factor - I hope it's 0%, but if I needed it....100%.
4	I wasn't planning on having my baby there... but I did and it ended up being great.At my 38 week appointment; my blood pressure was high so I was sent to the hospital for  tests. My doctor suggest Mountain View because he liked the nursing staff. I totally agree. I got to the hospital at 4pm, Thursday. There was protein in my urine and elevated blood pressure; so by 6pm I was being induced. I had a C-section at 8am Friday morning.  It was my first baby and I really cannot believe how little pain there was.The only reason I am not giving them 5 stars is because of the billing department. They doubled billed me on several things and reported to collections. So they damaged my credit; but they took wonderful care of my son and me.
2	Spent some time in their ER,  I liked the nursing staff for the most part, the fact that they tried to FORCE me to have an IV line in place was not cool, they where pretty pissy with me after I told them "no thanks, i'll wait" then I was forgotten in my room for an hour or so, I had to keep poking my  head out and harassing them
2	I had to get my man to a Hospital and this one had the least amount for wait time.He was having extreme pain in his mouth.I know you might be thinking why didn't I just take him to a Dentist but it was almost midnight and there was not one open we could find under his insurance.I will say the wait time was unlike I have ever experienced. He only had to wait 15 minutes.When he was called to be seen they only saw him for about 5 minutes. They checked his blood pressure and gave him a prescription for a antibiotic. As it was time to check out the very very very rude person at the desk said he needed to pay $100 for the visit. We had no issue with that then after she took mt card and swiped it said "it will be $1,200 for anybody who walks into the front door". We were shocked at the way she spoke to us and never once smiled.We asked why so much when they did nothing but check his blood pressure and give him prescription. She just said that was the way it was and that would be final.We felt like were int eh principles office or something!He ended up needing 6 teeth cut out which a Oral Surgeon in Summerlin did and did an excellent job (no relation to mountain view).We got a bill a month later for way more then the ridiculous $1,200 the rude person at the desk mentioned and when he called for a detailed bill they actually laughed.Yes, the wait time was excellent but maybe that is because they can't wait it get people in and rip them off and drain their savings.
3	Nursing staff is ok.  I'm still a bit leary about this place due to infection control issues. There's always a lot of people though.
5	I have had several surgerys here and have always been treated with the best care.  Someone mentioned infection control but I researched this and found out that1 year later they were voted one of the top hospitals!  I always tell me friends to go here!!!
1	Had surgery here and survived, so, that's a thing.But, my experience afterward really, really sucked.  The nurses were really inattentive and barely checked on me.  It once took nearly two hours to get pain medicine (!!!!) because they ran out (????).  On the surgical floor.  *Sigh*Also, when I told my nurse I was in severe pain, he told me it was nothing.  He also told me I should just go home.  I checked out that night and went to Summerlin Hospital....and stayed for nearly a week for a serious issue that Mountainview didn't check/catch.  Thanks for nothing.  Ow, pass the Lortab.
4	Husband had a pain in the ankles, and so we went to go check it out and ended up here.  If you text the number 23000 - you can get wait times for the local hospitals.. so that's what we did and Mountain View had a wait time of 15 minutes.  It was a Saturday, so we had to make it snappy -- :P  Getting checked in was a breeze, didn't take long at all.  It wasn't jam packed like i expected it to be on Saturday evening which is awesome.  There were multiple people checking patients in so we weren't waiting very long.   There's a type of [VIP] line--- that isn't the exact term for the line--- but it's pretty much a speedier line that Jose was able to get into.  Not sure why-------- probably cause he was cute or something.  No, JK-  I really don't remember.   Anyway-- we were in and out in 1.5 hours which is pretty fast.  I've been in the emergency for this man and have waited a total of 4-5 hours for 2 sprained ankles.   Everyone was polite-  no one was rude at all.  There is a big waiting room in the ER check in area.  needs some big time upgrading.  It could be scary. ... really scary.  The walls seem yellow, the one toy in the room has  a scary drawing on it.  The chairs are  really old looking.   it's time for some upgrades.  On the other hand, you walk out of that area where you check in and wait... and there's ANOTHER waiting area.  Much nicer.  The cafeteria also in this area, as well as the gift shop.  Access to the rest of the hospital is an elevator away.  All in all-- good experience!  Husband walked out with Achilles tendinitis and meds!  :D
2	Here was my experience:I had seen this hospital several times in passing, as I live nearby. After being sick for 11 days, and with fever and the inability to breath, I decided it was time for the ER. I drove myself and my roommate, who was also ill, to the hospital. As we were on the freeway near the hospital we saw a billboard that said FAST ER waiting time 19 mins. We thought "Awesome" and figured we would be seen quickly. Needless to say, that billboard was GROSSLY inaccurate. We checked in at approx 1:30pm and was not called to triage until about 2:40pm. Out entire ER experience lasted about 6 hours and I did have a 1 hour breathing treatment.While waiting in the ER I had the most heartbreaking and disturbing experience. A little old lady, 96 to be exact, was asked to go into the public women's restroom alone to pee in a cup. I followed the lady in, after I was given some meds myself for fever. God only knows how she filled her cup, but she was crying, trying to get up from the toilet and pull up her pants. I offered her my help right away. I had her hold onto my shoulders and hoisted her up, pulled up her depends and pants, put the lid on her urine, put it in the bag and literally put my hands under her arms and carried her out to her wheelchair where her son was waiting. I cannot believe the hospital staff asked her to go in there alone. Afterwards when I brought it to the attention of the nurses they apologized to ME and told me I shouldn't have helped her because I was already sick and could've hurt myself. They should've been apologizing to her and not made her gone alone! I was furious and disgusted how things were being handled this day.I understand that hospitals get busy. I also understand that this was a new area, that they were under staffed and having technical issues with the computer system. I also understand there is absolutely NO excuse that makes this situation okay.The only reason I gave a 2 star rating is because my Doctor, Dr. Chan, was amazing, otherwise I would have given the -5 if possible.
4	This updated eview is mainly for the excellent experience we had in the Rehab Hospital.  My mom was discharged from intermediate care at another hospital and just needed to get her strength back. She could go to any rehab facility, but she decided to come here based on her good experience the first time she fractured her back.  She had to be medicated for severe pain and they gave it to her fairly on cue at the right time. The staff was just too kind, not only giving her the medical care and attention she needed. Some of the staff even came in just to give her a hug. The physical therapists and occupational therapists generally were very encouraging as she did her strengthening exercises and life skills. The CNA's were awesome helping her get in and out of bed, and go to the bathroom no matter what time of day or night. I realize then I do not have the personality to be a healtcare worker, and learned to respect the entire staff. The doctor came in at least daily to check up on her and speak to the nurses about each patient's care. Every shift change, the outgoing and incoming staff would exchange notes and discuss updates. So why not 5 stars?There was one physical therapist that was too aggressive with my mom and caused her so much pain, she was actually set back a few days in her recovery. As a result, the staff kindly made sure my mom would only work with the staff she was comfortable with.  On a less important note, the food was decent but boring as the menu rarely changes. And, it takes forever to place your food order because they really customize it for the patients. When it gets to the patient, it's usually not warm anymore.  Problem is, the food travels 100 yards from main building to this one, One thing cool about this hospital is that they have a recliner bed.  So. one guest can stay with the patient, keeping them company and helping with minor things like answering the cell phone. I stayed with her for 5 days (going to her house to shower and get new clothes daily).  I witnessed first hand how professional the staff was day and night.   On the day my mom left, she was happy to be leaving, but sad she won't see those friendly faces again anytime soon.
1	My experience at Mountain View was very traumatic for my mom and I.On January 8th my dad walked into the ER with my mom where my mom told them my dad was having a stroke. It took them 7 hours to get to my dad before they admitted him into the hospital. How can this be, we're not talking about the flu or a cut finger we're talking about a stroke. My dad then aspirated on January 21st where my called and pushed the nurse's button. It took two hours for Respiratory to get to my dad TWO hours when it should have been less than 5 minutes. After this event my dad's lungs filled up with Fluid which ultimately caused him to lose his life on February 5th, 2013. It was hard enough to see my dad die in front of my eyes but my mom and I also had to endure the cruelty of the doctors and nurses in this hospital. There were a few nurses that took really good care of my dad but the majority of them were cruel and had no feelings. I reported nurse after nurse for their treatment not only to my dad but to others that had no one in their rooms. I would report nurses when I overheard them making fun and laughing at other patients.  Doctors so cruel where the only way they would help was once my tears started and I would beg. My mom and I took turns in my dad's room for 1 month day and night. My mom was so weak and dehydrated from not taking care of herself that she almost ended up in the hospital but would rather have died in the parking lot then be admitted to Mountain View. I could go on for hours on the daily cruelty we endured this past month. I'm writing this review for two reasons. 1st reason if you want to live or have your love one live don't take them to Mountain View. 2nd reason if you have had or are going through a similar experience please contact me. I have filed complaints to the hospital in hopes of helping others to not go through what me and my family have.
2	I've been sitting in the ER waiting room for 3 hours with my 85 year old grandmother who is having chest pains. Unacceptable!
4	Husband had surgery. From the quick admissions to discharge, we were very pleased. Kudos to the staff on floor 4. His nurses Tony and Rachel were attentive and efficient. The rest of the RN's should take lessons from them . Also great was Lillian in housekeeping. All above not only took care of my husband but also helped me out when needed (tried not to ask for much) hope we do not need their services again :)
4	What can I say, it's a hospital. I think for the most part everyone hates the hospital, whether it be  if you're going in for something yourself, visiting someone else, or even just talking about the food, who really likes the hospital?Mountain View isn't too bad. There are many hospitals in Vegas and I have been a patient at five of them. I have to say that Mountain View was not a bad experience for me. My first experience at Mountain View was when I had my first baby. I had a regular delivery and I was in labor for 14 hours. The labor and delivery nurses were great. They were very patient with me and I felt very comfortable the whole time. After my delivery, I was moved to the postpartum side and the nurses there were just as nice and helpful. I has no issues during my stay here. I was also able to have my own private room during my stay which was great, as it allowed me to get some sleep and it was great for that family privacy and bonding time with our new baby. They brought in a roll away bed for my husband so he could stay the night with me. The nurses also showed us where we could help ourselves to sandwiches, sodas, juices, fruit and pudding cups, which came in handy during the middle of the night. My second experience at Mountain View was for a full spinal fusion, where they went through my stomach and placed a metal cage on my spine. Then they rolled me over and and screwed it into place through my back. I was in surgery for six hours. I woke up in intensive care and spent a week in the hospital with 40 staples up my stomach and 40 staples up my spine. To top things off I was also in a back brace. During my week stay at Mountain View, the nurses were really patient with me and they helped me with everything. Again, I was able to have my own private room, which was great because I was there for a week and I was pretty messed up, so by the time I was able to start getting out of bed it was nice to have my own bathroom and space to move around. The worst part about my stay was the physical therapy lady that kept coming in my room to make me start moving again. I would just pretend I was asleep, but she would always just come back........Boooooo! As for the dreaded hospital food........ Mountain View isn't bad at all, as long as you are not on a restricted diet. You have a menu and you can order whatever you want off the menu. They cook what you want to order! I stuck to the things that I knew were hard to mess up, like chicken strips and french fries, and they were always pretty yummy. I would even order Pepsi, not bad for a hospital! The trick is to order early, because if not you will have to wait a while, because they do make food to order. It is way better than the food at other hospitals in the area because it's not the food that they bring in on the tray and you lift off the lid and surprise....... you have no idea what the mystery meat is!
5	Had to go to the ER because I had bumped my head really hard on a Monday. I really didn't want to go to the hospital because I hate the wait and have had bad experiences before. Four days later my head was still hurting and was having headaches so off I went to the ER.. I usually go to St. Rose but it has really went downhill. My best friend suggested this place so I gave it a shot and I'm so glad I did! They have a kiosk that you check in with. It's super fast and easy to do. The staff was really nice, accommodating and even joked around with me :) I was there for only 1.5 hrs! That included my cat scan and discharge. Luckily it was just a concussion. God forbid if I ever have to go again, I'm definitely coming here and will recommend it to others. I know others have mentioned that it looked dirty but I didn't think so and compared to other hospitals in Vegas. Besides I'm not there for a stay, I just want to get in and out.
1	This trip to the ER was the worst I've ever experienced. I'll spare you the gory details and just give the highlights. When checking me in they did everything but call me a liar. They treated me like a junky trying to get some painkillers. They shrugged off my discharge papers from Urgent Care. I sat in the waiting room for a total of 4 hours. I got an external and intra-vaginal ultrasound, just to hear the CT Scan guy talking to another ultrasound guy about how I wasn't actually in pain at all. They insisted on giving me a CT Scan, telling me radiation wasn't involved. Liar. I refused. After another 1 1/2 hours of sitting in the waiting room, they finally bring me down what felt like every hallway in the entire hospital; which, by the way are all in midi-construction AND lined with patients laying in beds moaning and groaning - with handwritten signs above their head stating which 'room' they are in. The lady at the desk, turns out to be a nurse - she tells me to put on a hospital robe because I'm having a pelvic exam. an hour later when a male nurse comes in, he looks at me like I'm crazy because I'm half-naked. He hooks me up to a blood pressure machine and heart rate monitor and shuts the lights off on his way out because he says "You'll be here a while"...it's already been 6 hours. The doctor finally comes in and talks to me about my gall stone history...you know, the one I don't have. Then he says, "Well, looks like there's nothing wrong with you - you can go!"Never again.
1	Must knows for this TRULY MAGICAL healthcare facility: 1) You  GET TO CHECK YOURSELF in via computer. We checked in at 1 am on Saturday night, and there was no one there. So, make sure on you're able to stand/type, and that you don't lose consciousness before you swipe your ID,  or else you might bleed to death on in the entry way! But who knows, the people waiting to be seen might be able to take better care of you!2) Before we ever saw any type of healthcare professional, we got to see a person from billing! I mean, you come in for what is clearly an EMERGENCY, but don't worry, this hospital knows what the real emergency is, making sure they get paid before they do absolutely anything. 3) The doctors here are psychics! After you see the all important billing people, the psychic doctors might spend about 5 minutes not listening to you. (My boyfriend came in with an infection in one eye, exactly like the one I'd had a week before, only his was much worse and causing severe pain, we'd already been to our primary doc, but when the pain started came here) Even though we kept telling the doctor that this infection had been persisting despite antibiotics for 5 days, and only gotten worse, the doctor insisted it was allergies before even looking! Truly, a unique allergy is one that only happens in one eye after exposure to viral pinkeye! He doesn't have allergies, or any other allergic symptoms, but anything could happen in this magical place, science be damned! 4) After our psychic consultation, we were told "we'd just have to wait it out" until we could see an eye doctor on Monday, despite the pain! Since, yanno, it's not really a doctor's job to relieve it or anything! It seemed our psychic-- err-- doctor, didnt know much about eyes at all. Best of all! We got Lortabs! They aren't very effective for eye pain! But they will help somewhat for the next six hours.... until they wear off, I for one, can't wait!I just wish to thank Mountain View hospital for what I'm sure will be an amazing Sunday sitting around with my boyfriend while he writhes in pain! You guys really are the absolute best in medicine! Remind me to drive right past this place if I'm ever dying!
1	I wish I could compliment this hospital. I had my own horrible experience and was not happy when I found out my mom was here. My mom was in the E.R. and treated by Trevelyn on 8/4/2013 around 4am. My mom was very dissatisfied, because no information about her condition was communicated. Things just got worse when she was admitted around 3pm. The entire staff lacked any urgency and real competency. They could not answer simple questions or respond quickly. Her doctor was Dr. Achin, her demeanor is very unprofessional and derogatory. After seeing my mom had Pancreatitis she put her on a unrestricted diet. You can die from Pancreatits and are supposed to fast. Dr. Achin became very defensive when I tried to ask any questions about why my mom was put on an unrestricted diet and admitted she did not know what was really going on inside my mom. But she knew she had early Pancreatitis. She said a G. I. specialist would come and look at my mom and another test MRCP would be performed. We waited all night and no test. I left my information with the nurse and was never called with any updates. I got a call from my dad that my mom went in for the MRCP about 10am. No updates from the nurse! When I arrived at about 12pm. My mom had just gotten done taking the MRCP. I asked to speak to the charge nurse who was Myra and Patient Advocacy. Mrya did not show any concern or care for my mom's treatment. She could not tell me anything. (When the G.I. specialist would come today or not, why I wasn't called by their staff when my mom went in for the test, why we weren't told the MRI machines close at 5pm in admittance and we waited all night for my mom to have the test done). She did call Dr. Achin who could not be reached. Another patron arrived looking for someone to visit and Myra read allowed all the patient names of those on the 3rd floor wing that she had. Is this even legal??? Dr. Achin arrived about 3:00pm on the 3rd floor and could be heard yelling into the phone for the G.I. doctor to come. Although it was unprofessional to yell loud enough so patients inside their room could here it was probably the only thing she did do with any urgency.  When she came in to see my mom she had no answers as to what was wrong. She said she had no diagnosis and no plan. I was taking notes as she was going over my mom's vitals and I asked her if she could slow down. Myra was also present. I asked Dr. Achin politely if she could slow down and clarify. Her English is a little hard to understand due to her accent. At this point she started waving papers and said I will give this to you!!! I calmly asked her why she was getting an attitude. She yelled and said she wasn't. I looked over at Myra who rolled her eyes but remained silent. My mom asked Dr. Achin when she thought she could be released. Dr. Achin said if you feel better now. At this point I firmly spoke up and said how can you let her leave without reviewing her test results from this morning and without seeing the G.I. specialist?? Dr. Achin got even more defensive. My mom who has high anxiety at this point said she just wanted to leave because the situation was too stressful. I told her she could not leave until she saw the specialists and insisted she stay. Dr. Achin just left the room. I got my mom to calm down and agree to stay. Outside the room I spoke to Myra and expressed this quality of care was unacceptable. She said, "You are making your mom upset" in front of 2 other nurses and another doctor. I said, "Excuse me you are blaming me?" I said I wanted to speak to risk management and patient advocacy. She called patient advocacy and got voicemail. She said I could leave and they would call me. I said I would not leave until I spoke to someone. She yelled maybe we need to call security and walked out into another part of the hospital. At this point I went downstairs to the main desk and asked to speak to Patient Advocacy. Pat, a women volunteer called and got voicemail. I told her I would wait. About 15 minutes later Barbara Streyle came over. She was very professional and listened to what happened. She immediately knew who Dr. Achin was and described her beside manner as abrupt. At the time I felt she took my concerns about my mom's Pancreatits seriously and genuinely cared. She went up to check on my mom and also to get my cell phone charger. Ms. Streyle said she would get my mom a nicotine patch which my mom never received. Later my dad went to see my mom and said the G.I specialist disagreed with Dr. Achin and wanted to run more tests. After running another test they still could not find anything other than Pancreatits. The G.I doctor told my mom not to drink for 6 weeks and to come back and get another scan then. She was then discharged. Great job Mountain View! Great job!
4	5 stars for the nurses at Mountain View Hospital (especially in ICU)5 stars for the respiratory therapists 4.5 stars for layout, decor, amenities etc.4 stars for overall experience including initial experience upon arrival to emergency3.99 stars for hospital food Hospital food is not the best, but it's really not that bad. During the week there is a chef who prepares the meals, many items from scratch, including soups of the day. (however on Sat/Sun they are not from scratch)For visitors, there is a cafeteria with a small but good enough salad bar.Also, specials each day for very reasonable costs.Nutritional information is displayed for most items.If you want to find something wrong with the food, you probably will, but for spouses, family and close friends who spend each minute of each day that they can at the hospital with their loved one, this is a nice option to have. It's certainly better and healthier than fast food.Today is our day 16 at this hospitalOn a Sunday morning at about 6am while staying at the La Quinta next door to this hospital, my husband woke me and said he could barely breathe.This is the first time he ever had such a symptom. Age: late 50'sHe was able to walk at that point, and our room was on the first floor very close to the exit to our parked car.We walked to the car, I helped him in, and we drove 2 minutes to the circle in front of Mountain View Hospital emergency room. This is our first personal experience with a hospital emergency room so we really don't know "the process" and just assumed that once you get to an emergency room there will be medical professionals there to help immediately.I ran inside, and the only person I saw was the security guard sitting at the desk. And a few patients sitting in the spacious waiting area.I told the security guard that my husband is in the car, and he can barely breathe.He quickly went through a closed door, and came right back to tell me 'she'll be with you as soon as she's done with this patient". i reminded him that my husband could barely breathe and that we probably needed to hurry. A few minutes later 'she" walked out with a wheelchair and I quickly walked with her to the car where my husband waited. As I explained to her what happened, she snapped at me "why didn't you call 911"? And I replied, because we were staying at the hotel right next door and since he was able to walk, we thought it would be faster for me to drive him here..."Immediately they took him in and other than that seemingly snide remark, the rest of our experience has been good to great.Diagnosis was congestive heart failure with pneumonia among a few other complications.11 days in ICU and I have gained the greatest respect and admiration for nurses. Their ability to remain calm and clinical, yet caring and compassionate is a very admirable quality.It's now day 16 and we are still in the hospital awaiting further results to determine the plan. After a shaky start, his progress has improved and he was able to move out of ICU to a lesser critical care floor.From day 1, an internal medicine/hospitalist physician was assigned to coordinate with the team of specialists (cardiologist, neprologist, pulmonary etc.)Each day, each doctor would communicate with us at different times of the day, and then the hospitalist would help sum things up for us later in the day.Our hospitalist was changed on day 12, but that relates to changes we made to our insurance carriers. We loved the first hospitalist, but there may be a personality conflict with the 2nd. However, at this point our confidence in his expertise outweighs our issue with his personality.We are confident in the doctors assigned to our case, and we are overall happy with the facility.It is a hospital run by humans (not robots) who are highly skilled in their fields and specialties - and I think those humans are top notch - especially the nurses :-)
1	Well we waited for a room to open in the ICU. My bf is nearly having a heart attack in one of the rooms of the ER.  One of the nurses comes in the room, gets on the phone and describes to the person on the other line that she has a "train wreck" coming through. Aka my bf. Nice.
1	Waited an hour and a half for my 10 year son to get pain meds with a broken arm!!! Not acceptable! ! They won't even see you unless you check in at a kiosk
1	If I could give this place lower than one star I would!  Here's the story-I'm an out-of-towner suffer an injury and transported by ambulance to this hellhole. I wait on a board for over an hour and 45 minutes - almost peed myself waiting for a nurse to see me - waited forever for a doctor to finally see me and tell me that I had a concussion.  I'm telling you I would've called out on all fours to get out of that place. Not a lot of friendly staff I think my husband encountered two friendly people out of that whole place.  I truly hope that Las Vegas has better medical facilities in this place. Because my advice if you're injured bleeding or need a heart transplant get yourself on a plane and get the heck out of there if this hospital is your only choice.
1	The MountainView ER staff is probably one of the worst examples of patient care I have EVER encountered. They bully and abuse their patients, gang up on them, challenge their integrity, and then act like the patient is out of control when they become upset with the absolutely horrible treatment they have received. As a patient in this hospital last year, I was literally surrounded by  staff threatening to manhandle me. When I fell, one of them kicked me in the leg telling me to get up. You know what happened when I reported it? Absolutely nothing. The advocate said I was lying because no one substantiated my claim, as if people who have enacted wrongdoings in groups have never told the same lie to protect one another. The patient advocate's utter ineptitude is just insult to injury. Lacking all common sense and higher cognitive abilities, she for some reason could not get her narrow mind to entertain the idea that the patient might be telling the truth and the staff were merely trying not to get fired. Either way, this hospital leaves more than much to be desired, it is substandard and subhuman. Today when I needed my mother to be with me, the little Gestapo force they employ as security would not let her come to me, although I did not have anyone else in the room. Eventually, with WAY too much drama for a simple act of allowing a mother to be with her sick child, she came back to my room. My mom told them I still needed care but Doctor Behl was "comfortable" with sending me home while vomiting and in pain.  So today I  was in the ER here at MountainView and they treated me terribly. They essentially told my mom that my pain did not matter because the doctor was comfortable.  I have barely eaten anything all day and my blood sugar is now 738, despite the insulin my mom  has been giving  me. I  I am going into DKA, in severe pain and have to go back to the hospital because MountainView ER refused to treat me properly.  If you need them to save your life, rest assured, they will let you down
1	Not impresswd with this shit hospital and i thought Spring Valley was bad. They see you pretty quickly and then youre stuck waiting hours... when you ask if youre going to be seen the nurse has to be a sarcastic bitch. One ounce of advice you guys dont ever go to ERS because theyre all the same... they just give you pain medicone and send you on your way. If icoikd this hospital would be a negative 5!
1	I would not recommend this hospital unless it is life or death and it's the closest to you. I had a recent trip to the ER where I was released and could not walk and was vomiting in the wheelchair on the way out when my discharge paperwork said to return if dizziness and vomiting occur. I had a facial fracture and concussion and was not given pain medication until I had to request it 1hr in to the visit.
5	I had to go to the ER today.  Everybody was very nice and they were even smiling...they were busy but worked everyone through triage.  They had ran blood tests right away and found out what they needed so when a bed became available they got me in there and did what they had to do so I felt good enough to manage my care at home...I'm glad I didn't let the reviews on here sway me to not go.  I have been here twice and my husband three times in the last year or so and we have always received great care, even when my husband was admitted once....excellent care all the way.  I will continue to use this hospital
1	After waiting over 6 hours for my boyfriend who was writhing in pain to be seen we left to another hospital. No pain medication was given, only blood was drawn within that lengthy time period. The ER admitting staff were incredibly rude and unhelpful. Like others have said it's mostly obnoxious gossiping going on behind that counter. The first question I tried to ask was interrupted by the admissions receptionist and given an unprofessional snappy remark in response. I work at both Sunrise and UMC hospitals so I understand how stressful the job can be but the waiting room had maybe 5 other people in it calmly and quietly waiting. No need to give unwarranted attitude. The recent renovations may have made the place look nicer, but this hospital is an awful waste of time and money. The only possible pro is you can be sure of is everyone in that waiting room is getting an uninterrupted 8 hours rest in a waiting chair.
5	There are several case managers at this hospital that go above and beyond in patient care! I cannot thank them enough for working so well together as a team and doing what is best for the patient and families involved!
1	Arrived at Mountain View Hospital this morning due to severe abdominal pains. I was immediately checked into emergency room.. Had ultrasound done and scan.. Gull bladder not good, intestines in a knot and was told your not considered an emergency and was immediately released. I'm in pain and it's not there concern. They are pleased that I'm double covered by culinary, no surprise. I'm a guaranteed payment.. A damn crack head was treated better then I was today. The ER Dr huffed and puffed at me, raised his voice and walked out during conversation. Said he'll determine my pain. Very un professional establishment in the ER at Mountain View Hospital. Radiology and ultrasound tech were nice but the ER dr was a prick.. I do not recommend this location for treatment.. Your better off buying meds off the street cause they sure as hell won't prescribe what you need. If you like your I.v ripped out of your arm or to be treated like a piece of shit then please go to this hospital.
4	Surprise to me that there are negative reviews for the ER. I was treated nicely and professionally by everyone who I had any contact with that afternoon. The ER was experiencing a very high rate of patients coming in. Due to that reason a couple of us were on beds near the nurses station so that she could better watch us. I did have to ask for more information than was voluntarily given and that's a shortcoming that seems to be common in medicine today. What it means is try to know what's going on or have someone do it for you.In any case I was fixed up and referred to a specialist. Things did go slow, but I was paid attention to and never felt forgotten. I did see several apparently unconscious patients brought in that afternoon by the LVFD and quickly moved to what must be the critical care section. It seems to me if they have confidence in the ER we can too.Given that, people should give useful, specific feedback to the hospital. That's one way to keep improving medical care in Las Vegas.
1	I was in this hospital yesterday for severe stomache pains and vomitting and i wish i would have went somewhere else!!First when i get there i was very uncomfortable sitting up but the nurse insist that i needed to so after i did and gave them all the info needed.I bent back down only to hear the nurse say "ow she is trying to fall out of the chair on purpose" REALLY!!Then once they took me back they rolled me in a chair and placed me in a room only for me to look up and see im in a waiting room.Then when someone calls my name and gets me she rolls me to another waiting room full of people with blood pressure cuffs hanging from everyones arm and there all in pain.While all this is going on im still vomitting and crying from pain.So i got up to leave and go to a different hospital only for a man (RN)who I dont remember his name tell me I cant leave and they have a room ready for me now. So once i got into the room The nurse asked me how many times have I threw up and i said very close to 30 times and she said i think your stretching the truth...WHAT!!! But since I was in to much pain to respond to her i just laid there crying still in pain.So finally she came back in and said okay I have 2 shots and some pills to go under your tongue and after she gave them to me she said ill be back in 10 minutes to check on you. Well she came back and though I was not in as much pain but still very nauseous she said do you feel better I stated a little and she said "GOOD NOW I NEED YOU TO GET UP BECAUSE I NEED THE ROOM" this was the most unprofessional thing you can say to a patient. What they didnt know is I have been in the medical/dental field for over 15 years and would never say something as such to a patient and make them feel as horrible as they made me feel. I over heard a lady say did you get her medicaid card....REALLY i never said i had medicaid I pay for my insurance and it is GOOD but i know I will never go back again and if possible I will take this situation to FOX 5 News because no one deserves to be treated the way i was NO ONE!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	My grandmother was in the ICU here and the nurses were wonderful! What a caring and skilled group of professionals. They took their time and answered our questions. They explained things to us in a way we could understand (instead of the doctor medical talk). Everyone was kind from the housekeepers to the X-ray techs to the food service. Also, they took wonderful care of my grandmother and she was able to get well and get home. I would highly recommend this hospital.
1	Horrible nurses in the ER! Nice male working  today's date is 7/30/13. She got here 7:30 it's now going on 1! My friend was sick having pain. You think after 6 hours she would have been told something. Saw tons of people just get up and leave and watched very sick people go back and forth from the waiting room to the back!  After waiting for 4 hours my friend finally got up to just ask if they could give an estimated time for the visit and I watched from a distance. A thin women with light brown hair and lean rolled her eyes at my friend. All she did was ask if there was an estimated time her response was sorry the women's said, were busy can't give you that. As my friend walked away the look of disgust on the women's face towards my friend for no reason. She rolled her eyes again and went back to what she was doing. As far as I am concerned the women had pretty grown out roots I know she makes a decent saker youth apse she should try and get her roots done maybe it won't make her look like such an old cat women!  If I could have given her zero stars I  would have! The hospital deserves zero stars!
5	A family member went in last June with a badly burst appendix--she delayed for two days hoping it was just a stomach flu--and Mountain View literally saved her life. Both a registered nurse and pharmacist in our extended family visited and commented on the cleanliness. I went to visit and reported once on my way in that a hand sanitizer by the elevator was empty. When I left an hour later the sanitizer had been filled. The nurses told us that if we ever saw something we thought was unsanitary it was ok and encouraged to speak up.
5	About three weeks ago, at 2:45am, I walked into the Mountain View ER, complaining of severe chest pain.  I thought it was indigestion, really bad indigestion.  In a matter of minutes I was informed I was having a heart attack.Every single person on the staff from the ER, cath lab, ICU and intermediate care treated me with the greatest compassion and consideration. Their professionalism was nothing less than spectacular.  I could not have asked for better care.   I was treated with respect and courtesy throughout the three day stay.Did I mention they saved my life?
5	My review is for maternity ward only. I have never been to the er or any other place in the hospital. This hospital gave me the best delivery experience of my life. Each Dr/nurse was so caring and always checked on me and my pain level. One of the  nurses even recorded my delivery so my husband could be included in the video + cord cutting. Food was 9/10. Yes it really was that good!! Nurses were so caring. Thank you MV staff
4	I am currency staying at Mt. VIEW. Staff is courtious & professional.  They always have a smile on their faces even doing their 12 hr shifts.They were so quiet in the middle of the night when taking my vitals. The only  complaint was the fact that they don't have a good a/c unit in my room. Made me uncomfortable, oh well.I will definitely use this hospital again.
5	The Neuro ICU (Agnes,  Debbie, Etaya,  Ian & Connie nurses) PCU 2 (Jan & Michelle CM) & PCU 3 (Grace) are so compassionate, caring, professional and provide top notch care and deserve to be reconized for the way they go above and beyond. Then to top off your day they have the best Starbucks kiosk imaginable in their lobby. Please stop by to see Alan.
5	I am sitting here in the ER waiting room this very minute and I can't help but write a review! The people working here are exceptional. Everyone is so caring and compassionate. I'm waiting with my elderly father while my mom has some test run. There is one nurse/attendant that needs a particularly loud SHOUT OUT! His name is RENARD B. What an awesome man! I love how he is interacting with the people who have come here, whether they are patients or loved ones. He exudes love and care in a place that can be scary. He is reassuring, calming and upbeat. He gives you the feeling that everything is gonna be OK with sincerity. You couldn't ask for more from this man. He knows how to care for people. Many KUDOS AND MUCH LOVE TO RENARD!! P.S. I tried to find a place on the Mountain View Hospital website to let the "powers the be" know about this exceptional human being, but was unable. Hopefully someone monitors Yelp and gives RENARD his due!
5	My mother was at Mountain View for nearly two weeks after surgery in late September 2014. The staff was easy going, personable and accommodating. My mother had good care plus the hospital itself is a very nice facility.
1	My father then was taken to check in to the hospital with a heart rate of 38 beats a minute.  Supposedly mountain view didn't take his Insurence. But come to find out 15 hours later after they transported him to summerlin they did take his insurance. Long story short my father had an 80 percent block in his heart and needed a pacemaker. All of you that want to go to this hospital don't! Stay away! My great aunt was at this hospital for almost 5 months before she died. It was a great hospital then! Now I have no idea who or what happened but, if your looking to be treated with respect I suggest going to a different hospital. Once again would give zero stars for the experience I watched my sick dad go through!
5	I recentley had surgery at Mtn. View. I must say that from pre-registrain thru dischare my experiance was great. The staff is very friendly and helpful. If I am to need hospitalization again this is the place to be.
4	I went to the ER early Sunday morning (Nov. 2), and i have to say the staff was great, and the doctor that morning was even better.  I really had a great experience with everyone and they were professional and friendly.  I was recommended to go to the "Bone & Joint Specialist" (which was a disappointing terrible disaster, and I will never go back there again) and that was a disaster, but the Hospital/ER did a very good job and I was impressed with their knowledge, professionalism and bedside manner.  They helped me promptly and carefully, and really seemed to be concerned and care about my injury.
2	From 4 stars to 2? Yup that's the difference between the rehab wing which was fantastic in January 2013 and the 3rd floor of the main hospital in our recent experience.A few weeks ago, my brother and I took my mom to the emergency room because she was feeling nauseous and had   blood in her stool. The Emergency staff was very professional and prompt.After an hour's wait, they took her up to the 3rd floor for observation and testing.  At the beginning when the floor was fully staffed, everything was fine. They had no private room available, so my brother, who sometimes stays with her when she's in the hospital overnight in a private room, could not.  So we left. As the night wore on, my mom feeling weak had asked for someone who help her go to the bathroom. As a precaution, they put a diaper on her. Three times, my mom said she pushed the button and the nurse said sh'e be there.  What we didn't know was that, for whatever reason, they were understaffed.  My mom wet her diaper and it stayed on wet for hours.  As a result, the doctor came in the following morning and said she had the beginnings of a urinary tract infection. Through the outrage, we were just glad to get out of there.  What a horrible experience.  I am hoping they are always at the proper staffing levels so no one gets "forgotten" and suffers like my mom did.
1	Amazing lack of compassion and common sense. Dr discharged patient after 8pm on Friday night following stent implant for heart attack with elevated diabetic level. Patient given paper prescription as opposed to electronic one, told by pharmacy 3 hour delay in filling it only to then be told insulin cost over $1000.  The doctor obviously had no concern that chain of events contributed to addtional stress and increased sugar levels with no rx to combat mounting problems. Advised by pharmacy more reasonable priced alternative available .Good luck getting weekend hospital assistance.  This doctor has no excuse nor the hospital that allows this.
