5	First off, I want to recommend vaping to anyone that wants to quit, or is trying to quit smoking.  I picked up a mod (starter kit) here, without any intention of getting one, and I have been able to stay away from cigarettes since.  I've tried quitting before, but never really understood the benefits of vaping vs. smoking and the differences between various products and vape juices.  Luckily, with the help of Vape Shop AZ, I am certainly better informed and so far, so good. Needless to say, I had no idea what anything was when I first arrived at the store.  With a pack of smokes in one hand, and a series of questions in the other, the staff quickly told me the benefits of vaping over smoking, showed me different mods, and before I knew it, I was trying out different flavors with a mod they had let me use.  The greatest thing about this place is the service.  They'll answer any questions you might have and make honest suggestions to what you may need.  They really made me feel like there is no such thing as a stupid question (yes, I asked what vape/vaping meant, ahahah).  And best of all, NO PRESSURE TO BUY!  I was very impressed, so I picked some stuff up anyways. So, here's a list of PROS and CONS:PROS:- Excellent service - WIDE selection of unique and exclusive juices (new brands/flavors arriving weekly) - TEST FLAVORS ON DRIP MODS FOR FREE!!! - Good atmosphere (no pressure to buy) - Free shots of water (you'll know what I mean when you get there) - They use 5star! (free juice every 100 bucks) - Awesome Vietnamese restaurant next door - Consistent store hours (10am-8pm daily)CONS:- I really can't think of one, but if I had to be picky, I would say the store is hard to locate because they don't have an illuminated sign, but I am told it is on it's way - I want to buy everything in that store- Takes a long time deciding on which juice to pick upEvery time I visit Vape Shop AZ I have a good time talking to the staff and trying new flavors that nobody else carries.  All in all, this place is recommended to everyone, whether you want to try new juices, learn a few things about vapes, or are just bored and want to kill 30 minutes (ask them what vooping means!). OK, bye!
5	this place is quite possibly the best in customer service. after only my second visit, this is my new vape shop. if you want it, they have it, if they don't have it, they can probably get it. place is awesome. i feel very comfortable in this place and the guys know what they are talking about. finally a shop not full of hipsters that think they are better than you. the service here is not just to get you in the door, but to keep you coming back. these guys got it right. seems like the beginning of a great thing.  if you are looking for a vape shop to go to in Phoenix, stop looking and go here. leave happy. thanks a lot guys and ill be seeing you again for sure.
5	I was very impressed with the customer service! These guys educated me so well on how to care for my new vape. The equipment is top of the line and not over priced. I had purchased a vape from another place months ago($60) and it was broken after a month. I'm so happy to find good quality and customer service under one roof!!! Thank you guys!!! See you soon
5	I went to this shop for the 1st time to get some juice.  A+++ customer service! The guys there are very knowledgeable and they even have a drip bar for the RDA vapers.  I have had experiences with juices tasting good in a sample tank but terrible in my mod so the drip bar is a great idea.   I tried a ton of juices and they devoted their full attention to helping me find one that suits my taste preferences.  We discussed different coil builds, flavors, and different mechanical mods they have tried.  They offered me water to cleanse the pallet because I couldn't taste the differences after trying so many juices.  I ended up hanging out there for close to an hour because the guys were so friendly and fun to talk to.  Keep it up Vape Shop AZ.....I will be back.
5	I ordered a vape and some juice and received it so fast! Customer service was excellent! I got my order and didn't know how to use it and they answered all my questions and were eager to help. Not to mention I have bought some of the best juice from them! Totally worth trying them out!
5	I came to the shop to ask some questions. I've never owned a vape before and has questions about how it works. The employees they were really friendly and helpful. I had all my questions answered and was comfortable what what I needed to purchase to start. Overall great customer service took the time to help me out even though I didn't know anything about it. Definitely will be coming back to doing business with them and also just to hang out it seems like a real cool hangout spot!
5	Out of all the vape shops in the valley, this place is my favorite. Customer service is on point and staff is super helpful. Anthony is awesome, always giving great deals and reccomendations.  They carry some great products.They have deals every week! Great atmosphere and music too! Hours of operation are great too! Check em out!
5	Was referred to these guys and glad I checked them out. Very friendly service and knowledgeable most especially with builds! Big ups to Anthony for hooking me up with a dope cotton build. Found my new shop whenever I come to visit.
5	This is my main go to shop for all my vaping hardware, and if they don't have it they can get it! Great customer service here and their expert knowledge will make even the basic beginner feel welcome. With some of the best lines of juices they have a variety of flavors for everyone's preference. It's a nice place to hang out and shoot the breeze, and now you can play some foosball while you vape. Overall, it's a great local shop with the best Vape gear in the greater Phoenix area! Shout out to Anthony and Dan keeping it real over there!
