5	Chris was very upfront and honest with me. He also saved us 50% over a quote we got on the phone from a competitor. Give APCO a try when you get invaded by ants, spiders, scorpions, or lizards.
1	I will not be using this company again.  After confirming with the person who answers the phone and schedules the appointments, Jan, that my fee would include the same services as last year's weed control, the service man, Alex, did not complete my lawn application properly.  Because I have health needs, I cannot do the follow up spray with the hose a few days after the application.  In the past, the service has always included the watering as well with no issues.  Apparently the spray wasn't completed at all.  This resulted in more weeds.  I called as soon as I noticed new weeds popping up and Jan assured me that the service man would be by that day to spray again.  I waited and did not hear anything so I called again the next day.  Jan told me there had been an emergency (bees) and he would actually be by the following day instead to spray.  At that point, I assumed it had been done.One week later, I notice more weeds and called Jan again.  She told me that Alex had been there and sprayed and she would call him again and follow up.  She called me back shortly after to tell me that she had misinformed me-  he had come by but there were not enough weeds to spray and it was my fault that I had not sprayed the water after the initial service.  She then proceeded to attempt to sell me pest control services and charge me a re-application fee ($40) to come out and spray.  When I told her I could not do the spray myself, she was sarcastic and rude and wanted to know why.  I should not have to disclose my medical information to a pest control company.  I confirmed on the phone before I scheduled the application to avoid that conversation.  I told Jan I would not be paying and asked to speak to her manager.  She said she would have him call me back.  An hour later, I received a call from Alex who said because of the miscommunication he would take care of coming and doing a follow-up spray at no cost.  However, he was unable to come for a few more days and the weeds wouldn't die for 7-10 days.  It is now a week later and my yard is littered with weeds.  I have also now received a complaint from my HOA.  I will now have to hire an additional service-NOT Apco to fix what they should have addressed from the beginning.
5	Thank you APCO!  On time, knowledgeable, and helpful!  You took care of us like we were apart of your family and there is no better customer service than that!  Thank you for taking care of my awful ant problem.  Ten minutes after you left my house, not an ant to be seen!  You are the best!
