2	Looks like an assisted living home inside the room but you get a kitchen. Eh, these need an update but nothing wrong with them per say, just kind of depressing.
3	I'm adding an extra star because they have cute counter staff.
4	This is a typical Residence Inn and that is just what I like about it.  Familiar layout, familiar room, familiar breakfast.Residence Inn always has the best beds and I got a great night's sleep.  I really love that the A/C is in a closet so I don't have to hear it cycling all night long.The bathroom in my room was typical, but I was surprised at the amount of mildew that had built up in the water tap handle in the shower.  That doesn't happen overnight and the staff should keep that clean.  The room had a little bit of a funny smell when I first walked in.  I think it was related to the humidity. I didn't notice it after a few minutes.I arrived late for breakfast and it was pretty picked over.  The choices seemed to be the standards that I have seen at other Residence Inns.  I won't judge too harshly since I was late.Overall I will continue to search out Residence Inn as my hotel of choice.  I hope that this one cleans up the little things and then they could be a 5 star choice.
4	This hotel has recently been updated, and what a great change it is!The location is easy to get to, and it's far enough away from East Wash/151 that you don't get any noise from the traffic. The staff at the front desk was helpful. Housekeeping was accommodating of our later schedule. They will stop by your room and leave a note on your door if you don't answer, or if you're gone and leave your do not disturb sign up. The update is great, although they seemed to have skipped over the toilet/shower area. Which is fine by me, because all you really need them for is to your business and get on with your day. There's plenty of storage in the bathroom area. We stayed in a King Suite. There's a big, actually HUGE, sofa in the main living area, which we fell in love with. As for the rest of the room, it was very typical of most Residence Inns, full sized fridge, two burner cooktop, a table for two, and a big desk with enough work space. The breakfast was pretty typical of most Residence Inns. They offer a small dinner a few nights a week, which is what you'd expect from a hotel dinner, bland but familiar.I removed a star because of the parking situation. While this isn't the staffs fault, I can't imagine why someone would build a hotel without enough parking spaces to accommodate the guests in the rooms. They send their overflow parking across the street to Denny's. Which I don't trust, and I think that brings about a whole mess with liability if something were to happen... But overall the parking situation is just a big pain in the butt. There were numerous occasions when we just monitored the parking lot and moved our car back into their lot as soon as possible.That aside, I would probably stay here again and I would highly recommend it to anyone.
3	I love Residence Inn. This one has quiet, comfortable rooms and excellent housekeeping. The staff were amazing and friendly! I am so accustomed to this at Marriott properties that I almost take it for granted and forget to mention it.This would be five stars except for three issues. First: the breakfast. It is fast and free, but I am not a fan of bagged eggs nor of steamed potatoes. This is standard fare for Residence Inn and most free breakfast hotels these days. Nevertheless, I do not find this acceptable food to start one's day. I deducted an half star for this.The second issue is a complaint that is becoming common to a lot of hotels and not particular to this property. The motion sensor or other controls that shut the AC off during the day and at night drive the temperature up to about 80 degrees even when set at 70 degrees (minimum setting here). I woke up each night in a sweat. This forced me to use housekeeping daily to get clean sheets as the sheets were drenched with sweat. I finally went to target and bought a personal fan which helped considerably. I understand trying to save resources and money, but I am considering avoiding properties that have these sort of controls. If I wanted balmy environments I would pitch a tent! Since I travel on business, the sweaty nights make for unrestful sleep. This does not make me want to stay here again despite all the positives. However, I only thought it worth one star deduction. The room was quiet, spacious, and comfortable but most certainly was NOT a suite. A suite has more than one room. This was a STUDIO. Since I was traveling alone this was not a problem, but the reservation was for a suite. Since I did not complain nor ask for a correction, I did not deduct from my review. However, if you have a reservation for a suite, you should expect a door between the bedroom and living area. Anything less is not a suite.  Again, I did not deduct for this.The third and most critical issue that caused me to deduct a full star: the cooktop is not capable of boiling water. There are two five-inch (small) electric "burners" (hobs) on the cooktop. Neither of them will boil water in the large pot no matter how long you leave them on high. I ruined my pasta because it just turned into a clump of half-cooked, half-raw mess because of this. So this is NOT a full kitchen; only the microwave is usable. Since the free breakfast is not good and I cannot cook meals here, I question the value of this as a "Residential Hotel". Not what I am accustomed to at Residence Inn. So the review is 2.5 Stars rounded UP to three stars. I doubt I would stay at this location again. Considering I will be working in Madison for 6 more weeks over the rest of the year, that is a big deal. I will try the other Residence Inn only if they can assure me that the kitchen is usable. If I have to use just the microwave, then just about any hotel with fridge and microwave will suffice.
