5	Five stars for Sonoran Desert Eye Center. Excellent help with buying my eye wear from Mya. Extremely helpful and caring. Keep up the great work and I will be sure to recommend to my friends.
4	Beautiful and comfortable office. The staff here is very nice & helpful. Their selection of glasses is vast & the frames are very modern!
1	I did not feel welcome and during my eye exam Dr. Quaranta was on FACEBOOK! Not even joking about that, and I am completely disgusted at how unprofessional it is. I did not feel like a patient that he was interested in retaining; I felt rushed in and rushed out. What an uncomfortable experience.
5	Great service, great eye exam and help with a red eye problem. I love my glasses, got just what I wanted, very satisfied. I highly recommend going to see Dr Q. and his staff, they are the best !Sharon Gehrman
1	First of all, I know of ZERO offices that use Facebook as a means of internal communication. Honestly,I saw what the message said so I KNOW it wasn't business related. Also, emailing me on my birthday with some sob story about the economy in a sorry attempt for me to change my reviews listed on multiple websites is just beyond unprofessional. I've experienced more professional service at my local Home Depot. Please stop contacting me (calls,emails,texts). I was not a happy client and I will not be returning to your office. I wanted to let others know about my experience because its important to have someone you can trust with your eye doctor. I did not leave with that feeling. I will ask you again nicely, please stop contacting me.
5	I just moved to Chandler and had to find a new eye doctor.  Sonoran Desert Eye Center had good reviews so I decided to go with them.  The office is very modern and clean.  The staff is friendly and worked with me to get the best price on my glasses and contacts.  There was a good selection of glasses. I found a pair I liked but not in the color I wanted so they checked online to see if the glasses came in the color I wanted.  They found the exact pair I wanted, so they ordered them for me. Overall, it was a pretty pleasant experience.
4	Going to get your eyes checked every year isn't the most glamorous of appointments. But thanks to the friendly folks at Sonoran Desert Eye Center they make each visit awesome. I have been a client for the last 2yrs and will continue to go here for many years to come. The office is very clean and the office staff is super helpful.
4	I wish there was a way to give different stars for the different services this place offers.  Dr Q & his exam is 5 stars all the way.  Purchasing glasses and the customer service, well.... it depends.  It has been anywhere from a 1 to a 3.I fly to AZ several times a year, but I always make sure to plan a trip around needing my eye exam.  Dr Q is the first doctor to give me a thorough exam and explain whats going on in my eyes in very layman terms.  But most importantly, Dr Q is the first doctor to give me an eye exam that didn't require me to be physically restrained.  I hate eye exams like others hate root canals.  I usually have to be held down to have an exam.  With Dr Q, he is so patient and friendly that I can make it through the exam.  He can even numb & dilate my eyes ( a first) and take pictures of the inside.  I marvel at this every time.Very low stars for the experience of buying glasses.  His staff is helpful and he has a great selection.  They always help me pick great frames, but... with the last trip I stressed to the woman that I wanted the "plastic" lenses.  I ended up with polycarbon, which drives me bonkers (like looking at a 3D poster, without the glasses).  Because I travel to see Dr Q, I asked how it would all work if I had any issues with the glasses.  They assured me that it wasn't an issue and that I am not the only "out of town" patient.  Anyways, pick up my glasses the last day of my trip and ... no like.  I called when I got home and she told me to give it a week, as she was sure I would get used to it.  A week later and 7 days of a headache, I called back.  Was told "what do you want me to do about it".  I was so shocked I hung up.  I have learned to deal with these crappy lenses.Went back the following year for Dr Q.  Again great.  This year.... prescription sunglasses.  I was being decisively indecisive, so I bought 2 pair.  They guy that helped me wrote them up for Polycarbon lenses.  I told him my issue and he apologized, and re-wrote the order with plastic.  I got a call about a week later that my glasses were ready.  Take off work, drive there... and only 1 pair are ready.  I ask why aren't they both ready? Why call me for 1 pair?  I really hate making multiple trips etc...    The staff apologizes and explains that there is a problem with the lenses for my 2nd pair.  They say they have re-ordered the lenses, but then a few minutes later they say they will put a rush on the order.  Which is it?   Anyways... my glasses will be ready in a week.  Strange, no rush = 1 week, so why won't they be ready sooner?  no response.  So a week goes by, no call.  I call a few days later and they can't find my glasses without putting me on hold for 5 mins.  They finally located and I went to pick them up.  While the experience of buying & picking up the glasses is frustrating, once again I end up with the best frames!  His staff truly knows their stuff, and are honest about how the glasses look.  Its kind of fun too.... they ask all sorts of questions about how you want to "look", or what you want your glasses to "say".  I always love the exam, and I always love the glasses.... I just wish the in-between was a great as the start & finish.  Given all this...I will still recommend Dr Q, and I will still get my exam & glasses there.  I just know that purchasing the glasses will have a few hiccups.
5	Dr. Quaranta and his staff do an outstanding job of making sure you feel like an important individual, unlike larger practices and chains.  I've been a patient of Dr. Quaranta's for about two and a half years now.   During my first exam with him, I purchased a great pair of plastic frames.  Fast forward to 2014, and my beloved glasses broke in half (literally, right in the middle of the nose piece) when I was cleaning the lenses.  I realize my glasses are a couple years old, so the fact that time caught up with them did not surprise me, but I was definitely bummed that I could no longer wear my favorite frames with out some type of major repair.  I decided to stop by office to see if my frames could be saved.  I was immediately greeted by a friendly receptionist who asked how she would help me and I told her I wanted to see if my frames could be repaired.  Before I could even give my name, optician Christy greeted me by name.  She pulled up my file, let me know that the warranty on the glasses has expired but said she would see what she could do for me.  I expected her to give me a quote on repairing the frames, but instead, she gave me a great price on replacement frames.  When I came back in a week later to pick up the new pair of frames, Dr. Quaranta was at the desk, also immediately greeted me by name and even asked about things I told him almost a year ago during my last exam with him.I am very impressed with the care and service the Sonoran Desert Eye Center team provides and I will be a patient for life.
1	This place does not know what they're doing. The doctor tried about 8 different pairs of contacts on me and never could figure out a new contact prescription for me and just ended up using my old prescription from my previous eye doctor which I could not see clearly out of anymore. Oh and by the way, he would not let me put these contacts in and out of my eyes myself, he insisted on sticking his fingers in my eyes to do it which I was not fond of at all! He told me it was faster if he did it - even if that is true, I do not want anyone's fingers in my eyes! Next, my glasses, a whole other big issue! They tried 3 times on my pair of glasses and still couldn't get them right and I now have a pair of glasses that I can never wear that I payed lots of money for. All this to say, my eyes aren't difficult to figure out - I went to a different eye doctor (Premier EyeCare of Arizona) and that doctor/staff was amazing and got everything right the FIRST TIME. Thanks to Premier EyeCare, they fixed Sonoran Desert's multiple screw ups and I now have glasses AND contacts that I can see clearly out of!
5	I have keratoconus and the RGP contact lenses I had from another doctor were uncomfortable, I had vision issues and they would either pop out or displace at the most inopportune times. I read about scleral lenses for keratoconus and found Dr. Quaranta on the Internet. He and his staff are so professional and friendly and were very patient with my stubborn eyes. End result is very comfortable scleral contacts that have eliminated my vision and other problems I had with RGP. Thank you!
