3	A-OK, not bad for what it is . That is to say it is a a chain restaurant that serves up decent food a t a good (low) price. I had the sirloin with grilled shrimp for about $15. No complaints. The steak was actually cooked to an honest medium as ordered. Compliments to the cook! The shrimp were cleaned properly and smartly seasoned. I sat at the bar for dinner and the service was great served with a smile and cold beer. Nice job!
5	I have eaten at this restaurant many times, and the food is always good and the service is good. In addition the prices are very reasonable. They are usually very busy on weekends, but other times are not too bad.
1	Welcome Ladies and Gentlemen to Concord's only "Texas Road Kill Cafe" and that is being nice. Was in town on business as always and we decided to have a few drinks and dinner at what we thought was a restaurant called Texas Road House. Our waitress was a sweetheart and on top of her game, yes she needs to upgrade.In our group, 4 people we sat down ordered a drink and a couple app's.2 of the 4 of us had to request new silverware. Nothing like unwrapping a napkin and finding what looks to be dried poo all over the knife and fork of what is supposed to be clean silverware. Next was resting your arms on a sticky table that had a funny smell of moldy wet towel. We ordered a few burgers around the table. I gather they must of thought I was part deer.  Why you ask? Well never had a salt lick described as a hamburger. Ohh yummy. After I was revived from my slight stroke my associate was enjoying his food too. Yes, another salt lick that could double as a hockey puck.Not to worry though the app's were great. Chicken strips so dry they could be used as a , as a, as a, ok they were just that dry so a dust substitute maybe? Once I washed everything down with a flat tap beer, but at least it wasn't skunky all was good. Spent the rest of the evening chewing Tums and listening to the concert in my belly going on all night long. Once was enough for this place!!! Sorry
4	Look this is simple. The name of the place is "Roadhouse" as in peanuts in a bucket on the table, throw your shells on the floor, young waiters and waitresses dancing, and STEAK!   If you want a great steak or great chicken at a very reasonable price in a simple laid back ROADHOUSE style establishment then this is great.  This is not fine dining.  Sorry no special separate booths or perfect fitting baby seats or quiet whisper dining w a waiter that is wearing a white apron.  Give me a break.  Simple..... you want great steak at low prices in a simple place then this isn't a bad choice.....you want to cry about booths and baby slings and loud kids, ummm stay home.
4	People should turn around and leave if they dont like what they see. Its basic either you like this type of steak house or you dont you can go across the street and pay 20 more dollars per steak if your into that kind of bullshit or you can pay 20 bucks for a hand cut 8 oz filet that is actually better quality then at the stupid fake upscale restraunts you find not naming and names but texas is also the first word in this places name. I had my steak cooked to a perfect medium my beer was far from flat and they have the octorberfest beer from sam adams which i love and there chili was amazing. The food was not salt heavy either. I wouldent say that this is kid friendly but then again there where kids there whatever the steaks are great
5	I have a most pleasurable dining experience on my Friday night visit.  Arrived just slightly before 7pm to a busy place.  Fortunately I did not have to wait and was immediately seated.Had a wonderful server that was friendly, pleasant, bubbly and added to the enjoyment of being here.Upon being seated I was provided was hot rolls and a cinnamon butter and a bucket of peanuts in the shell. (and yes you are encouraged to throw the shells on the floor!)  I ordered the 12 oz. Ft. Worth Ribeye with mashed potatoes and applesauce.My server mentioned that all food is fresh and made on premises, and all of the steaks are hand cut.  If you like, as you enter the restaurant there is a display case and you can select your own steak.I also had a front row seat for the hourly line dance done by the servers.The meal was delicious.  As some other reviewers have said, if you want the upscale experience there are plenty of those type places in the area.  If you are looking for a side order of fun, I would suggest this place.
4	Went in here at 5:30p and there was no line - by the time we left, there was at least a 45 minute wait by 7p.  The food is good, a little to processed, but for people that eat this type of food all the time probably think it is A-ok.  A nice treat going here, but I would not go all the time.  The bread and butter is delicious.  The filet was ok - a little overcooked for me even when I requested medium rare.  The kid got mac and cheese and she liked it...good place for kids.NOTE - 3 stars for food & 4 stars for atmosphere - but atmosphere wins out here (especially when the waitresses do their line dance)
3	The portions are absolutely gi-normous.  The servers are very thorough and gave me a sample platter of their sides to help me decide what sides I wanted with my entree.  I think the samples made me stuffed on their own.The quality of food is just average, though.
5	After receiving a gift card, I was excited to return to Texas Roadhouse for lunch with my family.  The atmosphere was great, it was not overly crowed, although we arrived after 1 pm for lunch. My dish was grilled shrimp over seasoned rice with a sweet potato (my favorite!) and fresh mixed veggies (broccoli, cauliflower, and carrots).  I was not disappointed!  This is a restaurant where I know that the food I order is going to make me feel umm, umm, good!
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat and has been for years. I figure who better to write a review on Texas Roadhouse than someone with years of experience.   I've never ordered anything that I didn't like.  The food is always well seasoned and tastes great.  Although it's not a meal (wish it was) my favorite thing to eat from here are the green beans.  Instead of getting two different sides with my order I get two orders of green beans!  I have no idea what makes them taste so good.  The only conclusion I've drawn is that they're laced with some type of drug because I'm addicted to them!!  The rolls with cinnamon butter are also delicious.  I've gotten full off of them plenty of times.On top of the great food the service is also really good.  There are also plenty of tasty treats on the drink menu.  Try the Jamaican Cowboy on for size.  This is a great place to bring your friends and family.  The prices are reasonable and this place should exceed your casual dining expectations.  I know they exceed mine!  Since this is a popular restaurant if you go between 6:30 and 8:30 you may have to wait a bit for a table.  It can get pretty crowded especially on the weekends.  But that should only tell you one thing, Texas Roadhouse is a great place to eat!
3	Server, Robin was outstanding but the food was not. Order Joliet medallions with rice and veggies. Filet was very tough and fatty and the rice was super salty. Bread was very good and very hot. Restrooms were not clean.
2	I brought my wife, daughter and grand daughter here for dinner tonight. My daughter and I ordered the same 16 oz. ribeye steak. Mine was undercooked (more rare than medium) and hers was overly fatty. My steak tasted okay....nothing to write home about, though and my daughter didn't seem to like hers at all. My wife had a ribeye/rib combo that she barely ate any and wound up taking it home in a box. The service was good and our waitress was attentive. She was always trying to upsell, but I think that's required as she never really pushed at us to buy. she did try to deal with our concerns and wound-up sending a manager to our table. I did like their house salad and mashed potatoes. I don't think I would go back on my dime.
3	Gave them another shot. We arrived and were promptly seated. Tonight my wife and I ordered two 12 oz. ribeyes to be done medium. Mine came out perfect, hers was well done.  They did correct the problem promptly. The house salads were fresh and the dressings were good. The chili was tasty, also. The draft beer (Sam Adams) was very cold and tasted good.
4	I've been known to hang out here lately on a few occasions.  I keep coming back, so that's always a tell tale sign that I'm digging on it.  I have to say, this is one of the best values for the area.I come here for two main reasons: 1. To get my fix of delicious steak at a price I can easily choke down, and 2. Fried pickles!  This makes for the perfect combo in my eyes.  Throw in a little margarita and we've got a full blown party going!Our service here has always been good.  I can't believe I haven't mentioned the free peanuts yet! Overall, great place to get the best bang for your buck.  It can easily be forgotten , tucked away amongst the billion restaurants by Concord Mills, but seek out and yee shall be rewarded.
3	Dinner for 4. Everyone was happy for the most part. My salmon was a little salty. Hubs steak was delish! Everything looked great and our waitress was nice.
3	Went to this restaurant several times in Lumberton NC. This is the first time I went to the restaurant in Concord NC. Had the oven roasted chicken. Not the best ever but it was pretty good. The kids enjoyed it too.
2	Very disappointed. I hadn't visited Texas Roadhouse in several years and it will be many more before or if we return. I ordered the trio tenderloins cooked medium. All three came cooked differently ranging from rare to medium well. The peppercorn seasoning ordered was non existent. The Long Island Tea tasted like liquid hairspray and was refused without substitution. We were never offered peanuts.
4	I'm staying at the Hilton & a familiar face, within walking distance, was in order. This fit the bill perfectly. Excellent bartenders, hats off to Mallory & Miranda. So-so beer selection, tho, that's why the 4 star instead of 5.  I ordered the ribeye, very rare, & was brought a ribeye mid well, much to my chagrin. Mallory watched me cut into it & immediately whisked it away for another try. The second steak could only have been better had it been first. Fork tender & seasoned to perfection. The regulars at the bar are a hoot & very informative to those who don't know the area. I will definitely be back!
2	Came here on Wednesday night around 6pm and my companion and I ordered a couple of beers. The server brought out beers and it was 2-3 inches not filled. I said "what's goin on here" she proceeded to tell me that, that is where the head was. No shit! It's because you let it sit in the window too long. No only was that a servers laziness, the bartender should have re-poured the beers or at least filled them up. There was only 1 person sitting at the bar.
2	Well...I tried this restaurant again...and again was disappointed. This time I tried the Roadkill. After all, how can you mess up a hamburger steak? After two failed attempts to get it right, I just gave up, paid for my beer and my wife and daughter's steak and left. I doubt I will return. By the way...nobody finished their meal. I also had their chili, which was tasty, but not very warm. When our waitress asked how it was I told her it wasn't very warm. To this she gave me a look like a deer in my headlights and made no comment whatsoever. I told her that if she didn't really want to know, please don't ask. The Sam Adams was (once again) cold and good tasting.
4	Let's start with cons #1....PARKING SUCKS...con # 2 organization. Now we were told 25-40 min which was fine considering there were no parking spots. When our name was called we were stopped in the middle of all the tables by the hostess because our table was not cleaned. She apologized but still kinda annoying moving kids out of the way of kitchen staff taking food to tables. I could've waited 5 more minutes if we were taken directly to the table....pros.....well let's just say WOW! Food was spot on. Steak was to die for and that's a lot coming from a self proclaimed back yard grill professional! I had rib eye and ribs combo...and I must say it was nice to have a 3/4 lb steak and 1/2 rack of ribs cooked perfect for $20 dollars than a boring sirloin and 3 ribs for 15 dollars at most steak chain restaraunts.  Definitely would return and recommend to anyone. Organization is fixed with great food!!! Crappy parking...for us...was fixed by zaxbys! Hint hint
4	Great filet and magarita
4	Friday evening. Busy as hell. Water and salad were on the table fast. Samantha was our waitress and was the best bar none. The 16 oz steak melt in your mouth. The 5 cocktail drinks were on the weak side but that was probably a good thing. Again Samantha was awesome the entire time. 4 stars. Ask for Sami....with an i.
4	We ate here while at Great Wolf Lodge. The prices are average for a steakhouse. My husband picked his own steak and really enjoyed it. The chili was outstanding and he loved his meal. I had a smaller ribeye off the menu and thought it was an average ribeye. The seasoning we use at home and what they use at Outback was more my style. Overall, it was a good experience for me and great for my husband. Even though it was a higher priced meal, it was half the cost of eating dinner at GWL.
2	Simply a great place but tonight at the Concord Mills location didn't cut it!  I'm so sad because I was so READY for steak! To Roadhouses credit the waitress was GREAT and she's not the cook. Half eaten steak and soggy grease fries I leave disappointed.
4	Excellent service. Really good potato skins!
4	Good steak, cooked right, with great service. Our waitress was very nice, my salad was great, my baked potato was great and my steak was excellent. The beer was cold and the bread was good as ever. My only complaint was the Texas Chili I ordered was cold. We were here on a Monday night around 08:30pm and it was pretty busy
3	We are longtime Outback customers but stopped going after they went so commercial with higher prices and lower quality food. We love the food at this restaurant but the mgmt needs to deal with the young wait staff. They can have a very matter of fact attitude that doesn't come across well to a customer. Also, the bathrooms at this location could definitely stand to be cleaned. There is about 2 inches of dust and grime around each stall and against the wall. Steaks here are great but the service can definitely use some help.
4	Great Steaks and Good ServiceWhat makes this place unique is the steaks.  It's like many other local Chain Steakhouses where you walk in the door and feel like you are in West Texas or at a NASCAR track.  In this case, it's both.What sets them apart is the Steak.  You walk in the door and right across from the Hostess Station is a meat counter.  You can pick your own individual steak and they will cook it just the way you like it.In my case, I picked a 16 oz Rib Eye that was almost an inch thick. I requested Medium Rare and I got Medium Rare. For a side, I had a cup of a very good Chili and Steak Fries.  Only problem I had was the Steak Fries came out half raw but when I brought it to the servers attention, she immediately brought another order and told me that if they were nor correct, I could substitute anyelse on the menu for that side.  Fortunately the replacement Steak Fries were perfect.My wife ordered a Steakhouse Filet Salad with Blue Cheese Dressing substituted for the Italian.  She really enjoyed the salad and the protions were hugh.Our server was very good and earned a good tip. Atmosphere is as I described,  Charlotte Motor Speedway meets Amarillo.  Stil, with all of the wood interior, it's a very warm and comfortable feeling.
3	I held a birthday party here for my wife and invited 10 of our close friends and relatives. The staff was very accommodating, early in the day I called ahead, and they were able to have two table ready for us on our arrival. I had also dropped the cake off early as not to ruin he surprise.Our servers were quick and very attentive, as our friends filtered in, our servers were there with rolls, drinks and quickly put in the order for our two Cactus Blossoms.The chaos and mistakes were made with the entrees as five of us ordered sirloins. Granted, three were of different sizes and cook temperatures. When the steaks arrived, they were mixed up and there was little organization from the food runner. I sent mine back, another steak returned at the wrong cook temperature, our server offered to take it back. Third time's a charm as it came back to my expectations. I didn't say anything or ask for the manager as I was more focused on my wife's birthday. The manager ended up coming the steak.Service was good, food was good, but the kitchen expo could use a little more work especially with large parties. I bring my family here every few months and really do like the restaurant and the food, I'm hoping it was a bad night and that future experiences will be much better.
2	The onion blossom was a tad burnt, no big deal still edible and delish. They kept turning the music up and down and switching songs, kindof annoying but maybe there was a malfunction. I always look forward to their dancing, they did 1 minute to a song that wasn't very dance-able and they were limp and no smiles.... Very disappointing. Waitress was nice, nothing impressive but nothing bad. Salad was good, shrimp were amazing and were a nice big size and flavored well. Then the steak..... I got the 6 oz which is super small, like kid size small. I got it cause I wasn't super hungry but geez, I guess I didn't realize what 6 oz looked like... Needless to say I ate 2 bites and let it sit... It was charred burnt on the outside, I ordered medium rare and it was barely a hint of pink.. Disappointing... I didn't complain to the waitress but she probably should have taken a hint when I told her I was done and it looked like I didn't touch my food and I didn't want a box... $80 later... I feel dissatisfied. I love Texas Roadhouse but will probably need to find a location with a little better service and food...
