4	Haagen-Dazs vs. Ben & Jerry'sYes, it's a soulless chain, but it's a soulless chain with really good ice cream. So how does it stack up to my favorite chain, Ben & Jerry's?#1: Political correctness: Ben & Jerry's was founded by two tie-dyed-in-the-wool hippie types. Executive salaries were low; coop suppliers were favored. Haagen-Dazs was founded by a guy from the United States who made up a name that would sound exotic. Not much of a contest, eh? On the other, the founders of Ben & Jerry's sold out to corporate America for big bucks. Nonetheless, Ben & Jerry's still get the nod.#2: Flavor names: No contest here. B & J have Cherry Garcia, Chunky Monkey, and a slew of others. Legend has it that they even played around with a highly seasoned flavor named Boutros Boutros Garlic. Haagen-Dazs has...well...Rum Raisin.#3: Ice cream base: As a fan of Ben & Jerry's, it pains me to say this, but I think Haagen-Dazs makes a better basic ice cream. To me, the gold standard is plain vanilla.  Haagen-Dazs' version tastes richer and creamier, yet at the same time is very clean on the tongue.#4: Mix-ins: Sometimes I like lots of junk in my ice cream.  Throw in chocolate, nuts, caramel, and anything else you can think of.  New York Super Fudge Chunk is nirvana.  Again, Ben & Jerry's wins.#5: One last category: vanilla milk shakes. Why this category? For no other reason than that I tend to do this kind of random thing on vacations. Based on an exhaustive taste test, I can categorically state that Haagen-Dazs has the better product.  It's creamy, thick, with definite vanilla flavor; I enjoyed it (well...them, actually) to the last slurp.  On the other hand, Ben & Jerry's shake is thinner (too much milk?), not as creamy, and has little vanilla flavor; not bad, but nothing special.My conclusion? Ben & Jerry's is a sentimental favorite, and it has some inspired flavors, but in the end Haagen-Dazs wins; it just has better basic ice cream.  I invite any naysayers to join me in an exhaustive test...as soon as we can get some sponsors (Consumer Reports? Or maybe the WWF would sponsor an Ice Cream Smackdown.)
4	I had 2 scoops of BLUEBERRY CRUMBLE in a cone the other day. It was sooo goood I had to share it my fellow Yelpers!!! This is a LIMITED EDITION FLAVOR (February 2011-December 2011); so go try it out before you can't anymore. Its  a creamy and light blueberry flavored ice cream with cobbler crust crumbles. YUMMMMMMMM!!!!!
1	Awful and rude staff,Ice cream is ok.
