4	susan r. must have been there on a bad day.I find this to be one of the best locations to NOT have to get out of the car. 2 drive thru ATMs that move very fast and no crazy traffic around. A very convenient Chinatown bank
3	This is my 'go to' spot to withdraw some cash when I'm back in Vegas and staying on the Strip.  It's on Spring Mtn Rd, which is near the heart of the Strip and in the center of all of the local Asian restaurants....so, pick up some cash and grab some Pho!I like the drive thru ATM because it's in the open and not near a building so you can see around you easily....I feel safer that way.Return Factor - 90%
1	I recently went to this Bank of America branch to address the concern that I have with Bank of America in general and the way that they are continuously charging feesI walked in and the person at the front who greets the customers stayed on the phone the entire time while I was waiting to be seen by either a teller or a personal banker which ever one could solve my problem.  I waited for him to finish up his phone call, during that period of time he was joking and laughing with the person on the phone and not talking business,  so right away I could tell that this is going to be a waste of time. I should've walked out right there but I was stupid and stayed around.Next I was seated with a personal banker who had a dual appointment with Bank of America and Merrill Lynch.I gave him my ATM card and asked that he look up my accounts. I have three checking accounts with Bank of America and one savings.  I wanted to see if there was a way I could still keep one of my smaller checking account even though I wasn't going to have a minimum $1500 in that account at all times.  I was experiencing an $18 per month fee which would basically make the account pointless because I was going to be paying more in fees than I was getting out of it.  I keep that checkbook in my bag to pay simple league fees for shooting.  Even though it's been years since I was in college, Bank of America made simple modifications in the past and changed this small account over to campus edge checking.  I find out it has done away with that now because they just want more fees.  Don't make enough money and they want to squeeze their customers more?The only thing that this guy wanted to do was help me move my brokerage accounts and my profit-sharing and 401(k) over from Wells Fargo. I told him that I just wanted to avoid the $18 per month checking account fee on this 16 year old account THEN he had to get up and go talk to a branch manager. He came back he said that he and the branch manager talked about it because I don't have direct deposit or the minimum amount that they wanted that there was no way that they can help me.  It was basically ridiculous and Bank of America sucks for charging continuous fees for a customer that they have had since the 1990s.  If it wasn't so much trouble for me to change banks I would do it then I'd have to figure out a way to notify all of the companies that I have making automatic debits from my other checking accounts.  I'm half tempted to do it if this keeps up I think I will.
5	I was shocked that almost all of the Vegas BofA locations I came across had drive up atm machines, which was awesome (super convenient).  We need these in Cali!!!!
5	This location despite being very busy has some good directorial firces that makes it run like a well oiled machine. In particular, Sahar Arghavan , one of the managers, is a sweetheart and does a phenomenal job of making sure the tellers are doing their job well, people do not wait too long, and explain things in very detailed manner. I had a very easy job opening an acct with no minimum  fees and got alotta advice on why to open a savings acct and what interest rate. Ill be banking here for a longtime when I visit Vegas.
3	So glad they have this branch right across the street from Pho Kim Long since we always dine there while in Vegas. I always forget to bring enough cash and we frequent this location to get more. The line was super long last time but it moved fast thankfully.
5	I recently moved to Las Vegas to buy a home. The management and staff at this branch were exceptionally friendly and helpful. After only a few visits they greet me by name. I needed to prove to a mortgage company that I had made a deposit in the Bank of America. The manager went out of his way to see that my funds had cleared and provided me with a statement to give to the mortgage agent. It saved our deal. I will probably drive all the way to this branch from Summerlin if I need to go to a bank in person.
