5	I have been a customer at Energy Tanning on Hayden & McCormick Pkwy for about a year now. The salon and beds are consistently clean, and the staff always friendly. The people who work at the front desk always remember who I am and sign me in upon walking into the door. The beds are always available, and its the first time I have been a member at a salon, where I never had to wait. I have been tanning in total for 7 years- and I'd have to say, in all my experience, that I would recommend this salon over any of the rest.
1	I have never walked into a business only to be discouraged from spending money.  I decided to try out Energy Tanning one day after my workout at LA Fitness.  I walked in.  No one was at the desk.  I peeked my head around the corner.  No one.  Finally, one employee appeared to help me.  I asked if I had to buy a package or a membership; I had just canceled my monthly package at Bronze Boutique and I was not looking to accrue more expenses.  I was explained the level system of beds in a condescending manner, and then was informed that I would not see any color with just one session.  Yes, even on one of the strongest beds.  The verdict:  I'd have to purchase a package to see results.  I let her know I've been outside and tanning fairly consistently and that I'm not "starting from scratch".  She said "I'd hate to have you spend $30 on a session when you won't see results immediately".  Wow.  I thanked her for her honesty and strolled out to enjoy the rest of my Sunday.  Good luck, Energy Tanning.
4	I gave Energy Tanning another shot.  I was greeted by a cheerful employee immediately.  She really was very nice and made many good recommendations, from lotions to my desired level of darkness and the appropriate bed for my needs.  I actually got to tan this time!  I was quite impressed by the selection of beds during the Grand Tour.  There are many different beds of various levels, to accommodate nearly any budget.  For Level 5 alone there were three different beds to choose from.  THAT is variety!  I still didn't want to get set up with a membership, and this time around the associate did not pressure me into signing up.  THANK YOU.  The bed was intense!  It was equipped with shoulder lamps, climate control, and lamp intensity choices.  It's pricey, but now that I see the selection of beds and the results from the Level 5 bed, I see why.  It's tanning at its best.
1	I had been a member for just going on 6 months or so and they told me that i could no longer keep my lotions there anymore unless i buy the ones they sold. I use to work at a tanning salon so I dont need to buy lotions i have sooo much to last me forever. One of the girls that i talked to explained the reasoning behind it and said that they would give me and my boyfriend ( who also tans there) some free upgrades for understanding, and being good customers. a few days later i came in and my bf wanted to use one of his upgrades and they were like you dont have any, it was busy so we didnt want to say anything at the time and we just came back later. when i talked to them i told the story and said i was just confused on way we didnt get any upgrades. and the owner started to get mad and talking to me like i was a stupid little girl ( im 19, i have worked at a tanning salon before i no have shit runs) he then said no other salon holds customers lotion and then tryed to say that sunchain even charges you to hold them,A- i worked at sunchain, thats NOT true they hold all customers lotionsB. furture sun and darque tan both hold your lotions for freeso then he hands me and my boyfriend two slips saying you need to cancel you membership, i no longer want you guys tanning here! ino i have NEVER had an owner be soo rude to a customer and tell them to cancel, i was shocked! so now i will have to find a new salon to tan at.
1	The term "you get what you pay for" wouldn't even apply to this Energy Tanning. In other words, it sucks and it's still expensive. When I was looking around for a place to tan a few months ago, I had stopped by this one just because I happened to drive by. I would feel bad for writing such a bad review for their facility if the staff was nice to me, but they were anything but nice. The place wasn't busy at all and still treated me like he was too busy for me. The guy didn't even know anything about the beds/lotion, or he didn't care.I defiantly did not sign up here and I wouldn't recommend it to others.
5	I normally regard Yelp reviews as the bible and was worried that this place hadn't gotten great reviews. I decided that since A. this place hadn't been reviewed in over a year, and B. it was the closest place to my work I thought I would try it! Boy am I glad I did!I walked in and was greeted buy a very kind employee. I explained that I was getting married in 25 days and wanted that "bride glow". We worked together and came up with the best option for me, she even found a way to save me money and I got everything I wanted.She did mention that this location has been purchased and is now a Tan Factory which may help fellow yelpers in deciding to tan here.
