5	JayneeBell Salon is a new salon owned by Michele DuVall.  Michele is pretty amazing...she has been doing nails for 20 years and decided that she really needed to become a Cosmetologist to fulfill the beauty needs of her clients. I have been a regular nail and pedicure client of Michele's for several years and happily moved into her stylist chair as soon as she opened JayneeBell.  So far I've had a great cut, color, highlights, Brazilian blowout, and she styled me for a very important Black Tie Event...and she still does my gel manis and pedicures. My husband and teenage son have stopped in for hair cuts, too.  Although Michele is a busy girl, she will bend over backward to fit you in.  I am very happy that she is doing more than just nails! Cute shop and very personal service.
5	Michelle Duvall is amazing.  I love my nails.  She did a pink and white back fill and I'm not the easiest cline to please.  I normally go home and refile my nails the way I want them done.  I like thatshe was punctual and even finished me in less then 50 min!  I pre poked my next appointment and am sending my friends to her.  Thanks Michelle.
5	Michelle is awesome! Super location with posh decor; and most importantly A+ service. On-time appointments, funny, warm conversation, and how handy is that getting  my hair touched up AND a manicure at the same time.Thanks for a great experience, it will be my new go-to for sure!
5	Michelle was great - she is super nice and her prices are awesome! The woman who did my shellac manicure did a great job. I bought the manicure off of Amazon Local and when I was in the salon I bought 3 more! Very happy I found this salon. :)
5	Great selection of polish colors. Quick and good quality work. Great prices. Central location. I'm looking forward to becoming a regular here. No reason to keep searching for nail places this is a winner!
5	I have recently discovered that Kat and Michelle are not only the sweetest women with amazing talent when it comes to nails but they do a great job on hair too!  It takes a lot for me to trust someone new with my hair but looking at their hair color and seeing a few of their clients I was willing to trust Kat to do my roots, the first step :)  She and Michelle did a great job translating my color formula from a previous colorist and did an amazing job on my hair.  Soon I will be returning to let them do my highlights!  I am so excited that a friend discovered this place and recommended it to me because Kat and Michelle and wonderful and its nice to have a new place I can feel good about to take care of my hair and nails.Also if you haven't gotten the mood changing nail gels you are missing out on half the fun of the manicures here.
2	The only reason I would give 2 stars is because Kat was very nice and funny. But my shellac manicure from her was probably the worst manicures I've ever received. I don't know if she did a bad job because I had an Amazon Local deal and she just rushed me out. For one she cut my cuticles dry, the shellac is bubbly and uneven, there's polish on my leftover untrim cuticles, and she didn't even shape my nails when she filed. In the end, I will never ever come back.
5	I'm not sure what I liked better; Michelle and Kat's funny personalities and the relaxed environment or the AMAZING job Kat did on my mani/pedi!?! I am a nail techs worst nightmare. Picky beyond. Inspecting every millimeter for flaws and wanting them fixed. But Kat's work is flawless. I have a big event this weekend so I decided to treat myself to the combo after seeing Kat's work on a friend. Am I glad I did! My hands and feet look perfect. Perfect. And that is the highest compliment I can pay being a perfectionist and all!I only have one problem... I'm hooked. I am going to have to start diverting funds into a special "nail account" just so they can always look this awesome!
