4	Great happy hours after 12am chill spot...comfortable leather couches.  Cool bartenders hooking me up with some strong cocktails and goose without the extra charge!  Got me some fries that were legit.  I think they were fresh cut , but I was so f'd up, they could've been the frozen Ore-Ida kind  for all I know.Right in the heart of Chinatown.  Too bad that hot filipina server was married...wow was she smoking hot!  Great service and very attentive.  I'll be back for maybe March Madness.
5	I went there couple times already. Personally I think it's a very good good place to hang out with co-workers and also close to where I work (as my part time job)!They have one security guard check ID before enter the bar area; then you will see a full bar in front of you with 2-3 TVs on each side. If you want avoid smoke or group of ppl, maybe you should turn left, they have couple sofa down there; or turn right if you want quiet and eat something here (because they provide 1/2 off on pizza after midnight and 1/2 on all the drinks, very very value).I love their nachos, especially steak!!!!!! Highly recommend!!!!!Easy parking + open 24 hrs + looking for DANNY ( I like his service very much)...... = enjoy a night!
2	I usually love PT's and this one is great because it is close to work. My last visit was kinda different. Stopped in after work to grab 1/2 priced drinks and food after a long day of work. Sat at the bar and was served right away in it's normal fashion. Then once we all ordered our drinks and were looking at the menu the female bartender was like "oh are you looking for happy hour specials? I think you might be, well we have changed our 1st happy hour from 4-7 to the new time of 3-6." The time now was 7:25. I was so pissed that no one told me sooner. She "claimed" that it started 2 weeks ago and she wasn't sure which ones. I told her they need to get on that because their radio commercials, and banners still had the old time. I then checked yelp and happy houred and neither were updated.How do you serve people that always come to your bar and not tell them what has changed? Such bullshit. We stayed since we had already ordered drinks but she continued to make our time spent their miserable. She talked on her cell phone, ignored the people at the bar, and was unsure how to make common pt drinks. And it wasn't even busy AT ALL.  Then when one person asked to leave she put all our drinks on one receipt. And was really confused when we asked to split it. I will continue to go here but now only for the late happy hour and never when that Bartender is there.
5	I've been here too many times. When I worked down the street coming here was a breeze.This is what this place has gotten me... a friend for life. A job. A lost a friend :( and I once sat here for over 7 hours or so drinking and talking about music until the sun came up. And that my friends is a strange experience walking out and the morning sun kisses your face.I use this place to meet old friends, get new friends. The food is pretty good and I've won good here and rather....not talk about it moments.My co worker (the one who got me a job) comes here so much that everyone has a nick name for him and whenever I meet up with him he's like a celebrity. I also Love that this one is big for a few pool tables.. And a separate seating area for certain meet up groups (So I've seen).Bottom line. When the advertisements say this is my PT's.. yeah.. it's this one for me.
3	While I haven't been here during the day, I visit with friends when we get off work (usually around 2-3 am).  During the Happy Hour times, the place gets packed and there seems to always be at least a few seats at the bar.  The jukebox here has a ton of selections and there are pool tables that are usually half occupied at the hours when I visit.The food here is decent and while the pizza may seem to be made on a large round cracker, it's edible and pretty tasty with a beer after a hard night's work.  The burgers here are actually above the normal "bar average" but they are a little pricey compared to other neighborhood bars.If you're looking for a good spot to watch a sporting event, there are enough flat screen TVs here to satisfy the sports enthusiast in your family while having enough room to actually sit and enjoy your time there.  The bartenders are cool and seem to be running around doing something all the time.  This is a good thing, especially if you know what its like waiting for a bartender to take your order in one of those high priced nightclubs on the strip.
4	On NFL playoff weekend after a Saturday debacle going to a sports bar in a casino on the strip, and getting gouged - we decided on sunday to go to a locals place. Glad we did. 1/2 price happy hour. Decent service. Great pool tables and no $3 sodas. A great time watching sports on their big TVs at half the price.
4	I don't know why out of all the Pt's, this one is the mot popular one out of my group of friends.  It's always poppin, maybe because its in CHinaTown, the spot where everyone usually hangs out before or after partying.Danny the bartender is pretty cool. He seems to be everyones favorite.  What I like about Pt's is their 12-4am happy hrs.  Pool table fills up quick on the weekends and they serve pretty good food.  Warning: Their hotwings are pretty hot or maybe I'm just a wuss, but I'm just sayin' though to warn other wusses like me.  And oh pretty hot girls come here too, just sayin'.
5	I love all the PT's locations throughout the valley. I like that this one is in Chinatown, so it's a cool spot to visit after some delicious sushi. I like their Happy Hour deals they have late at night. The place tends to get busier then, but it's still a very casual and locals' spot. It's a lot more relaxed than the pretentiousness of the strip places. They have great deals during their Happy Hour, so it's best to go at that time and enjoy your favorite drink with some bar food. As bar food goes, it's actually pretty good. Their pizza, wings, and sliders are all tasty, and they're even tastier when you've had a few cold beers to go with them!The bartenders here, as is the case at other PT's, are really cool people. They're pretty good about suggesting things when you wanna try new drinks, which I think is pretty cool. Plus, they seem to know a lot of their regulars, which is extra cool. All in all, this is the place you want to go to when it's late at night and you want to have a drink or a casual bite. It's cool, the place is relaxed, there's a jukebox, and prices are fair. Win!
3	This Is one of the nicest PT''s I've seen yet, a bit bigger than the other ones. The staff are always friendly and the food Is delish!!! you can sometimes find "Eye Candy" on the weekends ;-)
4	PT's you guys!Best HH in Vegas. and they don't judge you for ordering a tall Coors Light with a side of ice at 8 am on a Sunday so you can get a nice little Tebowner before work.I love you Erin, you horse riding fool. And Patrick, I'm giving you a fistbump right now. Don't leave me hanging man! It's ok, we'll connect later. No worries.But seriously you guys, this is a great joint. Usually all the pool tables (regulation baby!) are functioning, and there's never a terrible wait to get your game on. HH is great, 3-7 and midnight-4am everyday, 1/2 off all drinks and zas. Ichiza is just down the road too, so feel free to get a nice little buzz on and get down on some whole roasted squid you guys.
1	I came here with a friend to have a good time and have a beer and encounter a couple of  issue which upset me.  First of all this is a bar not a freaking club so there no reason to have a bouncer outside asking people for id and shit that dumb is the only pts that does it.  Second the bartender was rude I order two drinks and he wanted me to pay right away and of course expected a tip im like really dude how about I pay you when im done drinking and eating and if your service is good you will get a tip a hole.  And finally the drinks were bad you can tell he was a rookie bartender that didnt know what he was doing the service was awful I even paid and left the drink on top of the bar and left.  I dont recommend this PTs to anyone stay away and spend your money somewhere else.
4	Spring Mtn and Arville, yep, the asian pt's. This place seems a lot more bigger than most other PT's, plus there are a lot of pool tables. Drink's are always cold. This one seems a lot more relax than the other locations. This would tie the Silverado Ranch and Pollack Pt's as my favorite one's in the group. Plus, what is great about this location is that if you're jonesing for some pad Thai or pho, there are plenty of locations around here open late for your convenience.The only knock I would give this place is that sometimes the bar would get really crowded and you would only see 1 bartender and barback. The wait times can get really long, even though they are trying their best to get the orders out. It's not their fault, more of a management/staffing issue.
4	I like this place.  It's a short drive away after a long day's work.  This place is usually lively even on weeknights.  A lot of my coworkers and seemingly other workers make their way here from the strip.  So it definitely is more of a locals joint than touristy spot.  This place has made for a lot of fun times.  The bartenders are cool and Brett is definitely the coolest.  Dude has heck of a memory and will share stories and will usually make for awesome time with friends.    Like any PT's being at the bar right up is your best bet for a drink.  If you're in the outskirts, say the pool tables or sofas the drinks will take a lil while.  4 of 5 because they've provided for some awesome nightcaps during all the times I've been here.
3	Overall a cool locals place to hang out.The drinks weren't that expensive...I think I averaged about $5-6 a drink, but I never got an itemized bill to total em out.The waitress seemed a little wet behind the ears, but she was friendly and helpful.  Wish the drinks were a little heavier handed, but again, that usually comes with experience.Food was pretty meh, but it's expected.  A bunch of fried foods that weren't very memorable, but the prices were ok, and it fits the bill for convenience sake.They have pool tables and games to keep you entertained, and the pub is overall clean and inviting.  Check it out sometime if you haven't already :)
5	This was my local bar for close to a year.  I recently moved out of the neighborhood and it is still the best PT's I have ever been too.  The staff is great, mainly graveyard and late swing.  Their prices a very fair and the midnight happy hour is awesome for us night owls.  Go check out the vibe at this place.  Remember, it's not in the greatest of areas, and you will get some characters in there, but it's always a good time.
4	A bit smokey but the staff is great.  Prices are fair and the group of people that hang out here at night are usually hospitality so they tend to be fun. Food is PT's quality so don't expect much and you cant sports bet here anymore but go for the people you meet and the fun nights.
4	Great place. Amazing food and pretty good service. Eat here for lunch all the time. The specials are usually pretty awesome. Had a pulled pork patty melt today and a pretty good Cuban Sandwich last week.
1	Probably one of the worst PTs I've been to in town. We waited till happy hour (12am) on a Sunday to order garlic Parmesan fries, at 12:25am we still didn't receive our order, we decided to check up with the bar tender that put in our order, we finally received our fries at 12:37am. 37 freakin' minutes to get our fries, upon first bite we could tell the fries were old and sat under the heater for at least 15 mins before they got out to us. They were horrible and the garlic Parmesan they used was incredibly overwhelming and slopped on-top of the fries with no desire to make it tasteful. It couldn't get any worse right? After getting our second basket of make up fries, we all dove right in, after picking at the fries I was fortunate enough to pick one up and dip it into my ranch discovering a long black string dangling from my fries, I realized, it was a disgusting long piece of black hair!! We all wanted to puke. Probably one of the most disgusting feelings ever. Sent the fries back a second time and obviously didn't order another batch and made sure the bar tender took it off our tab--Also we could tell the waitress Christine was super happy with her job and really enjoyed checking up on her customers. She definitely made sure we had water, ranch, and forks after numerous times of asking her --definitely check this place out if you like slow, bad customer service and disgusting hairy food.
2	It's bar food what could I have expected.  The place was busy and the bartenders where on their game last night.  I didn't have to wait long to get a drink or for them to take my food order so they get points for that.  The food on the other hand was not good.  I ordered chicken wings and they where bland over cooked.  The fries that came with it where undercooked and just not tasty at all.  I only had a bit from each and just left.  The food was only tone star but the service bumps it up to two stars.  With so many places to choose from I think PT's need to be on point every time.
2	I love pts! But I hate this one. Obviously it's a bar so there is smoking going on inside... I just wish this one didn't smell so bad. I cannot stand the smell of cigarettes and it lingers on my clothes, skin and hair even after I leave. Not a fan but I deal with it. Other than the horrible smell, this pts doesn't make my list of favorites because it's always packed. I'm always able to find a place to sit but when I came here with my friend last night, he had to sit on a wobbly stool because we couldn't find another empty one.This specific pts isn't my number one choice but for the convenience of where it's located, I still come here quite often.
5	My favorite dive-in bar! I guess because its literally about 5 minutes away from my place so the drive isn't bad and if I don't have a ride home after drinking a few drinks, I can just walk home! It is a very casual bar with a great happy hour list. All beers, drinks and pizza are only half-off! The staff is great, fast, and friendly! There are also many pool tables for your friends to have a fun competition! Losers have to take shots... hehehe! I also like this place because I won my first and probably only jackpot on the machines at the bar!!!! Great place to just hang out and chill!
3	Asian PT's! Well only because it's located on Spring Mountain and in the heart of Chinatown because there weren't really any Asians inside lol. They have happy hour after midnight and drinks were dirt cheap although we just stuck with beers. A large mug of beer during happy hour though is only like $3.75 and they also have 50% off pizzas which are pretty large. I had the popcorn chicken pizza and didn't realize it was a buffalo popcorn chicken until it arrived on our table and damn was it spicy! We ended up not being able to finish it because it spice level was killing us. There are a few pool tables and some table seating near a wall of TVs in case you don't feel like chillin at the bar. It was kind of smoky inside but I enjoyed it nonetheless and would come back especially for the after midnight happy hour!
4	Free pool? Happy hour till 7? No hipsters, studded white belts, faux/mohawks? Sign me tf up!
4	Oh PT's, you hurt so good. This location is perfect for all those Las Vegas Strip workers like myself. 1/2 off happy hour starting at 12 AM as usual, and nice comfy couches to chillax after a long day of dealing with all those temperamental tourists. Surprisingly, the pool tables are moderately taken care of, and cheap. Shoot the shit, have some beers, and when you start spinning, get a giant pizza or hot wings to sober you up for the drive home. Tip your bartenders, they put up with your drunk ass!
4	Love this PT's its dark, quite and has a definite PUB vibe.  The food is really good for bar food.  If you want to carb up this is a great place to go.  The beer was cold and our Bartender was very nice and attentive. We try and go here every time we go to Vegas for a "local" feel and affordable beer!
1	I like PT's but not this one .. Bartender didn't take care or give you any clue about the gaming discount for drink and they're charged  me all the drinks and food full price event I gambled. I should have free drinks Cus only 1 drink .. I pay for the hold bill food and drink with gambled with them .. When I asked he said nothing we can do with it lol thank you mr. Bartender ..
1	Probably the worst PTs in Vegas. We had 1 drink and left. The bartender never checked up on us until it was time for us to close our tab. I'm in the service industry and found the customer service to be lacking terribly. I will never return. (Spitting in a "dip cup" behind the bar is absolutely disgusting btw. My group was mortified)
