2	I used to come here all the time & they did a great job. The place has really gone down hill. They used to go above & beyond & now it seems they do the bare minimum just to get you in & out. I went in today and got a basic pedicure. The girl basically did a polish change. She didnt do anything that I dont normally do my self at home except she did make me bleed. My massage chair was broken and it wasnt a very pleasant experience. It was very disappointing especially since I was looking forward to it so much. I really wanted a design on my toes too but when I looked down from messing with my chair remote trying to get it to work she was already slopping on the top coat and didnt even ask. I dont think I will be returning here again. I used to recommend it to all of my friends but I wont any more.
4	I have gone here for several pedicures and waxing and they always do a wonderful job! I appreciate how fast they work too!
4	This salon has become my usual spot. I have been getting the Gelish manicure because they do a great job and last longer then other salons I've been to. They have no problem with my request such as the powder glitter on gel polish.
1	Do not go here! I'm never one to complain too much about a nail salon because I think you get what you pay for most of the time. I do not enjoy writing poor reviews but I was very disappointed with my experience here. I have gone to the same nail salon for years (star nails,75th and cactus..far better service and cheaper) but didn't have a lot of time and this place is nearby my house.I got a mani pedi and the man who I believe the owner is set me up rather quickly then called a man from the back. Before he started my pedi I noticed that he set a timer before he started the treatment and kept watching it during my treatment. As if he had to finish by a certain time? I don't know about anyone else but I go here to relax! It only put me on edge how quickly he was going and furthermore I don't  want him to rush his work? I will say my toes came out good I just didn't appreciate the rush.When I got to my mani I really didn't appreciate the rush. He set his timer yet again and started quickly on my cuticles. He was going so fast he cut me multiple times on both hands. A manicure is not suppose to hurt and normally a knick here or there doesn't bother me because accidents happen but it was multiple times and he got me good. Additionally it was only because he was rushing because of his timer. I paid $10 for a mani with no polish and $20 for a classic old pedicure that was too short. I know I overpaid especially after a cut but I told myself I would not go back.I also noticed that they didn't help me with my bags when I was moving in between stations to get my mani or to the drying station. That little stuff is important and improves the quality of customer service. So very disappointed I could not write a positive review with plans to return as it is closer...could have just been an isolated incident and I'm sure they do great work for others but I think my one time is enough.
5	Mai did a great job on my pedi!
1	I went here for a manicure today and I will never go back. The technician who did my nails did so in 5 minutes. The paint is uneven, he didn't let it dry before putting the glitter coat on top and totally screwed it up... And he didn't even fix it! If I were a nail technician I would not let someone walk around with my name on that. His work was absolutely unacceptable for a professional nail salon, and when I asked to speak with a supervisor about it she acted like there was nothing wrong with my manicure.
2	Had my pedi and new fresh full set of pink and white tip gel nails. Came out to $70...nails started lifting 2 days later..went back after speaking with manager. Who sent me back to the same guy who screwed them up in the first place. I was attempting to show the man that they were all lifting and said I can only fix 3.i was upset and told him forget it I'll just go somewhere else. Then manager talked to him and decided to redo. Well he would not stop telling me that I must be new there... and telling his next appointment that he had to make her wait because I had complained about his work..not professional at all..  and I've actually been there for 6 months..  at one point I was fet up of hearing him insulting me. I asked him not to speaking to me. to finish his work or if it was to much that I would re pay him or that someone else can finish his work..He then saw I was pissed off at this moment where he then apologized, finished his work and just walked away to his awaiting appointment... I WILL NEVER GO BACK WORST PLACE EVER.. no customer service at all.. rude..
