5	I have been eating pizza every Friday for the last 3 years and before that I use to eat it frequently. Therefore, I have eaten pizza from many different places and know what a good pizza tastes like. Here is the thing about Pizza N' Greens their pizza is delicious. Is it the best pizza I have ever had? No, however it is one of the best i have tasted around the Phoenix area. What makes a pizza from this small place especially great is the people serving and making it. When we went to pick up the pizza we were greeted warmly by great people and that experience made the pizza taste even better.
3	Decided to try pizza from here because it is a new place. Service was great. Called in for takeout and food was prepared very quickly. Very pleasant to deal with on the phone too. Thought the salad was great (fatoush), but disappointed by the pizza. Thought the sauce on the pizza was a little too spicy--the spice made the rest of the toppings on the pizza taste like nothing! Also felt like the toppings were skimpy. Might visit again but probably only to get the salad.
1	Ended up here when other nearby places had a long wait and we were quite hungry. Should have taken into account that there was nobody eating in this place. Food was just kind of blah and the service was lacking both inspiration and perspiration.
5	Gotta try this place.I found it by accident, and got the BBQ pizza......I found a download from Veebow for a .99 cent pizza and got that.Place is open til 5am, crazy.
1	there are a few times in my life when i say to myself 'aly, what the hell are you still doing sitting here!?'. we walked in for lunch on a Thursday to find the place completely empty. should have been our first clue that this was not going to end well. we sat down and ordered drinks and looked at each other with questioning eyes 'should we go? should we stay and tough it out?'. our waiter came back with 3 of the 6 drinks and let us know that there was, in fact, no diet dr. pepper. foreshadowing for the rest of the meal? methinks yes.we all order: 1 pizza, 3 sub sandwiches, a calzone, and 3 side salads. 40 minutes later the salads finally come out. the house salads didnt look too bad with the exception of the obviously older, wilted cherry tomatoes. the caesar salad looked like they had scraped the last bit of romaine from a days old bucket. not good. i've never seen lettuce that neon yellow. another 30 minutes pass (total time invested: 1.1 hours) and the mains start coming out. while the calzone didnt look awful, it definitely was not fully cooked. still doughy in the center, there were bets being taken around the table whether or not the meats had been fully cooked.  btw, did i mention that after 1.1 hours we never had refills on our drinks? 20 minutes later (total time invested: 1.5 hours) the pizza and the subs finally come out. to give credit where credit is due, the pesto chicken pizza actually looked fairly edible and smelled delicious. the meatball sub i had was sadly uncooked. i bit into the first meatball and was met with an icy center. delicious. the turkey subs were even scarier. after opening up one of the sandwiches, my coworker found odd, rectangular cuts of what could be turkey strewn about in the middle. we weren't really sure if that was the turkey or the cheese so we convinced him that he should probably just make his sandwich vegetarian. 1 hour and 40 minutes of my life wasted. completely wasted. its been a long time since i've had such a completely terrible, nonredeemable meal. thanks, Pizza 'N Greens, for making me appreciate all the mediocre restaurants that i've been to that i previously thought were terrible. they really pale in comparison to you.
2	I had a flyer on my door for this place and figured "what the heck, why not."  I like the fact that they are open until 5am. Their menu had a lot of choices and prices were great.  That's where the "great" ends.It was mediocre. We ordered a pepperoni pizza, cheese bread sticks and fettuccine alfredo.  I don't care for alfredo to begin with so my input doesn't count, but my fiance said it was "okay"  The cheese bread sticks were nothing more than dough with a tiny bit of cheese and a little Italian seasoning tossed in.  Pizza was ok.  Really nothing spectacular, or even worth trying again.  Maybe their specialty pizzas have a bit more going but from what I had I was not impressed.
2	I saw a Groupon for this pizza place while I was spending time in Chandler with my bff so decided to give it a try, $10 for two small cheese pizzas and we already had wine :)The first and consistent issue was the fact that the delivery driver could not "find" our location. Despite being given the address and exact turn by turn directions more than once. Our pizza finally arrived (90 minutes later) lukewarm. The taste was okay, better than a frozen pizza from the grocery (which was our first thought, at least that would have been hot....). I don't know that I would order from here again even being given another discount deal it was just edible and only that. The positive from all this was the delivery gal was super friendly and the mediocre small pizza was large enough for two realistically. Nothing more.
2	I really wanted to like Pizza 'N Greens.  I was just about ready to give them four stars but then. . .okay, let me tell you the whole story.My wife and I walk in to this empty pizza place hoping for lunch before a movie.  We are greeted by a friendly gentleman ready to heap service upon us like nobody's business.  We ordered our food and drinks, everything seemed fine.  The pizza was very saucy, and actually pretty good.  As this restaurant appears to be halal, none of the meats have pork in them.  Thus, you get turkey sausage.  That was fine with me.Halfway through our meal, some folks came in--not to eat, but to chat with the owner.  He then went into chat mode, at one point sitting down with his back to us, to chew the fat for an extended period.  Goodbye service.  He just stopped paying attention to us completely.My message to the owner of Pizza 'N Greens:  When you own a business, and in particular, a restaurant business, the customer comes first.  Sitting down and chatting with your friends while you have customers in the store is not a good idea.  Even if you are going to do that, at least give your patrons the highest priority.  If I did what you did as a waiter for most restaurants, I would probably get fired.Oh, yeah--also, when a customer flags you down and finally gets your attention, be sure that when you refill a customer's drink, you FILL IT ALL THE WAY.  A refill does not mean that you give back the cup two-thirds full.  How much money in soda syrup are you really saving?As I said before, I really wanted to give these folks more stars, but the service turned me off.  I liked the pizza, and the price wasn't bad at all, but when the owner gives chit chat  with his buds a higher priority than a paying customer, it makes me think that I should be going elsewhere the next time I want a pie.
3	The Pizza is good and it came out as fast as I expected.I stopped last night because Pizza N Greens is close to my house and we had not used them before. I am biased about Pizza as my favorite is Spinattos. I ordered a Mediterranean with 50% pepperoni only. Frankly the Mediterranean was delicious and the Pepperoni very good but not exceptional. I would order from them again without hesitation.While I waited I read the other reviews and I was pretty nervous but I did not experience any of those issues. They are very nice people but may be a little new to running a Pizza restaurant. The menu features items I would order and they have good quality from what I saw. What they do not have is staff to make it happen. As a neighborhood Pizza place though I hope they get support and are able to hire counter staff. Right now the counter person has to run the kitchen as well which leaves the customer service unattended. If it gets busy that would cause a real problem.
2	The people who run (own?) this restaurant are sweet and kind.  Do not try the spaghetti.  I don't think they are experienced at eating it...let alone preparing it.  One receives about 1/3 the necessary sauce.  The meatballs?  They may have been small "balls" at one time, but they are cut into hard pieces of unidentifiable meat.  The location is great and a well-established local pizza store was there for decades.  I wish a restaurant expert would befriend these owners and give them a few tips on service and some new recipes.  I'm sad for them.
1	I tried this pizza on a Sunday afternoon.  The price was reasonable and the delivery was quick.  The staff member on the phone was polite.  However, the taste was very lackluster.  I have tasted frozen pizzas that taste better.
