5	This is one of my favorite places to shop.  You can always find great book bargains, and the clearance section always promises a good mystery or horror novel for $1.
5	I love Half Price Books! The store is much more small and intimate than most large scale bookstores in Phoenix.  The store reminds me of a personal library someone put together rather than a place aimed at selling selling selling. Most the books Half Price sells are used, but they sell new books as well. They also sell movies, Cd's, records and magazines. I used to come to half price books when I was on lunch breaks from Target (first job) and just relax in the quiet store. As far as selling your books goes, I sold some books here once but I didn't think I got back as much as I should have. Half Price offers some really great books at great prices so whether you are looking for some great deals or want a unique book for a gift try Half Price!
5	Love this store - especially their clearance section.
4	I use to shop here all the time when i lived close by. Its a smaller book store but you can find books at some of the best prices in town. I often have payed just one dollar for books by great authors. If you love books and like them cheap this is a place to check out.
5	This book store is absolutely amazing. Literally all of their books are half priced, but that doesn't mean they are the sucky type of books you find in the clearance section of Borders. They do have an awesome $1 clearance section with a shit load of awesome books. If you are a Dean Koontz fan, you will be in Koontz heaven.
5	This store is my new obsession.  I go to the one by Target in Paradise Valley.  I can spend an hour in there, just browsing.  My daughter has just started reading chapter books, so I went there to look for her, since the libraries around us suck.  I found great paperbacks, including the Ramona books from when I was a kid, for around 1.98 a piece.  Great store with great selection.
5	Great place with best book prices.  Some of the books are not in the best condition but they are a fraction of the original price, all of them are.  It's amazing.  I'll go in there and spend and hour or two looking through different books.  They've got everything I like there, photography, nature and some technology.  I also love stopping in there so I can grab those free bookmarks they have at the register.  Also have a cd, record and vintage book section there that is always fun to look at.  Of all the books I've bought there there were under $20.
4	Be sure to allow an absolute minimum of one hour for this store. Its treasures are sunken deep within the piles and piles of literature, media, and miscellaneous items that you may not need but will purchase because they are so freaking cheap. You may at some point end up on a stool somewhere with your morning coffee paging through a Swedish phrase book and finally look up to see the sun setting. You can plop down in any corner of the store and page through an unlimited number of random books you'd never think you'd find interesting or that you maybe thought would be a lot cooler than they turn out to be and so will luckily never buy.  In many cases I find things that I may not read, but damn $2 sounded like a good idea when I was in the Half Price time-warp-induced stupor. Did I really think I'd read 100 Questions You Should Be Asking About Your Personal Finances? Well, another man's garbage is...another woman's coaster. Still a good deal!The DVD collection is awesome as well and usually worth the patience of scanning through each shelf. $3 copy of Big Trouble in Little China. Enough said.You probably won't get much compensation when you try to sell books back here, but you'd be getting rid of them anyway so you might as well reap the 50 cents and put it toward your next purchase. Wonderful place to kill an entire afternoon.
5	I always forget about Half Price Books until I am in the area... today was no exception. I was on my way to Barnes and Noble or Borders (whatever is across the street) when I remembered about Half Price!They did not have the book I was looking for (Skinny Bitch) but I did pick up five other books relevant to what I was looking for and my total was $4.98. Yes, that is right, I got FIVE BOOKS for FIVE DOLLARS. With tax!They have an excellent selection, excellent prices, the store is very clean and organized and overall a fantastic book store!
3	I've been meaning to go in this place for months. And me, being the book fanatic that I am had to at least browse their selection...So, took a drive there. It's only like three minutes from my house too, woohoo! Didn't like how 1/3 of the shelves were stacked with sci-fi. (Not my thing) Also didn't like how Fiction was narrowed down to only two shelves. What I did like were the sporadic and odd books I found. Picked up one satire type making fun of Mao Zedong, and Crime & Punishment for about 10 bucks in total. Sweet prices, but I'd take what Jason B. has to say about their cheap prices...haven't really traded any books here but I wouldn't anyway seeing as I love having books all over my house, ha. Either way, employees were alright and this places was decent. Location is also a plus!
4	I enjoy shopping here as a buyer, but forget selling books or magazines.  The last time I sold books and magazines, I managed to get a $1.00 store credit for over forty magazines and periodicals.  I was pissed off to say the least.  They told me that most of the magazines were older and would probably have to been discarded, or recycled.  Luckily, I was looking for a copy of Monocle magazine and to my relief found one and used up my $1.00 credit immediately (I still owed sales tax - :()Last weekend I found a create Marvel comics DVD games new for only $3.00.  My son loves it - well worth the money.  I tend to look for some international and hard to find magazines.  I do find them once in a while.  Last weekend, I discovered the comic clearance bin.  A great find.  Comics for $0.25.  I did not start reading comics until I was over forty, so it is an affordable hobby at this price.If you are into vinyl albums, dvds, videos, etc.  this is the place....
5	I heart Half Price... and I'm also excited they recently opened a new location on East Camelback-- the PV one is the first one I discovered... I have found a crazy number of dirt cheap DVDs and clearance books here, not to mention they have a great selection of regularly priced used books... have even found deeply discounted new books in the front part of the PV store.  But by far I enjoy the clearance section the most-- I head straight back there usually, then wander back through the store towards the front to pay.  I always find at least one or two things in the back that are in great condition (usually $1-$2 apiece).  If looking for something specific, I think it can be a little trickier at Half Price, at least in my experience if I'm looking for a specific title.  But I've walked out of the place with a bag full of books/DVDs for under $20.  Hard to beat that!
5	What a great selection! They even have newer releases marked waaaay below the cover price. The people are very knowledgeable and could provide answers to all my questions - even when I only gave them part of a title. *Very impressed*I found books from all the authors I was looking for and most of the specific titles. Did a trade-in on a few bags of books as well, and to my surprise it went much quicker than I anticipated. (We went in on a Saturday right behind a lady that rolled in a whole grocery cart full!)Looking forward to my next trip in.
5	I am a regular at Half Price books on Cactus and Paradise Village Parkway.  This is a great store, and I rarely leave it empty handed.  As  home schooling Mom of a high school student, I rely on good places for used books.  Half Priced books is my number one place to shop for literature, science, and history (we follow a classical curriculum, so we don't read from textbooks).  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable about their books, will offer to look something up for you or show you where it might be located, and will generally offer polite conversation.  Don't expect to be friends with them (the only negative), as most do their work, and don't engage in a lot of chit-chat about the books.  Overall, great prices especially on classical literature and history.  Good for home schoolers needing unabridged copies of books.
4	I enjoy coming here when looking for a specific title, and also for browsing.  The atmosphere is welcoming, and the employees are friendly and helpful.It can be hit and miss on finding a specific, needed title.  I almost always check here before heading to Border's across the street, if I must have a specific book immediately (think student required reading).  BUT if you are looking for something in a specific genre, and want to browse, this is your place.  My kids can easily spend 60-90 minutes here, and after about 20 minutes are usually reading something in a well-positioned chair.  THIS IS ONE of my favorite things about this store; you feel very comfortable "hanging out"- reading a book, wandering amongst the shelves for a couple hours even.I like to pick up small presents here- they have nice selection of note cards, journals, oddball new books, and more.  Staff is friendly.  If you ask them what good finds there are in the store, or for their opinion in general, you will receive great information and interesting discourse.YOU WILL NOT get much selling your used CDs, DVDs, or books here.  The amount they pay for your items is absurdly low.  I don't expect to get rich off of resale, but it's ridiculous how LITTLE they will offer you.  Bookman's is a much better value for the person who wants to trade in their items.Perhaps HalfPrice Books would do well to offer a tiered trade in program.  If they do not wish to part with their "cash money"- continue offering a pittance in cash, but provide a more generous store credit option in addition.
4	5 Star book store, small place that packs the books Records and so much more into one lovable place.  These stores are few now so the ones that are left should be appreciated.  I hope I don't ever have to explain to a young kid what a book store was like.
2	Half Price Books is way over rated.  (1)  Has a lot of old, mangled paperbacks, mostly romance, (2)  Current and best sellers are meager, probably picked over by the staff, (3)  Bring in a current or best seller to sell and if you get a penny on the dollar, you're lucky.  You would be better served to donate your books to Good Will and taking the tax deduction. I used to go to this store a lot, but when they opened their Camelback location, it sure seems the way they financed it was to rip you off on the amount offered to buy your books and the quality of books in-store went way down hill.My father-in-law had run in to the same problems, he being also a prolific reader, and he has quit going to Half Price Books.
5	Half Price bookstore (HPB) is a great bookstore. Of course, it's not for everyone.  You have to know what you want. HPB is a commercial chain bookstore, profit is it's main, probably the only goal. If you want to sell your books, go to some place elsewhere.  The best way is to sell the valuable books yourself on-line, and donate other books.If you want to find local bookstores that are not only just bookstores, but also serve like small community center, hold reading/signing events, etc., go to some other places.If you want to buy new or hard-to-find expensive books to make your collection complete, go to some other places.But if you are looking for general used books, I mean, published in last 10 years, or 20 years, which will normally cost you around $5-$10, and you are not in a hurry.  Then HPB is the place. If you are looking for books that you can find on-line for $.01, like the paper-back best sellers, but the $4 shipping can kill the deal since you are not really sure whether it is your type of book, and you know HPB might sell these books for just $1-2.  Then HPB is the place. If you are not expected to hit a jackpot, but just want to give yourself some surprise, like to some unexpected small finding which won't cost you a fortune, but can make you a day, then HPB is the place.Yes, HPB is for casual book searching, and you can always find some surprise. The clearance area is always full of surprise. Since the store is keep put new-arrivals onto the shelf, older books have to give away, especially if there are multiple copies. Thus you can find books on the shelf with one higher price, yet the same book in clearance for a very cheap price (which will be gone quickly).  HPB is a book heaven, especially you share more than one purpose mentioned above: you are not looking for specific books, but an avid reader and regular buyer so you have very good idea on which book/writer is good for you, how expensive those books can be, and you are a frequent customer, then HPB is like a goldmine to you for dig. Of course, different HPBs are different in their styles.  I found this book store is the best for general books, especially children's book and comics.  I also like the superstation one for it's record selection.  I haven't find specific attractions for me at Camelback bookstore, also I do find some gems from time to time at every HPB.
4	you won't find a book you are looking for but you will walk out with a book you'll like.check out their architecture or photography sections. you can get travel books for cheap too!
2	True story (and I hope someone from HBP sees this): I walk in the story today and ask the clerk for any books about celiac disease. She gives me a blank stare like it's a new band she hasn't heard of. "It's a dietary condition where you can't eat wheat or gluten, you know that gluten-free thing?" It still doesn't register. No light bulb. I volunteer a suggestion: "The health section?" She refers me to the cookbooks. Seriously. I'm not making this up. Considering the number of restaurants that now have gluten-free options, I would recommend - other than buying some of their staff a clue - having a "celiac" book descriptor somewhere in the shelves. It's nearly impossible to find a book about celiac (and I'm pretty sure there *are* books about celiac) in HBP. Not the best place to go if you're looking for non-fiction books about celiac: lights on, but nobody home.
1	Terriable. They broker the shipping of books on line. I ordered 4 books, they sent one directly and it was written in, yellow, smelly and disgusting. They refunded my dollar but not the four dollar shipping. I threw that book away. The other three books came from different shippers/resourses and all claimed to ship on the same date, I received one and then another 4 days later and the last I never received, when I contacted HPB they asked me to contact the shipper. DON'T BUY BOOKS HERE!!  There are much better sites to do this from.
4	OK, I much prefer this location. They have such a breadth of books. I have been to several other book stores around town and this by far is my favorite book store.  You cannot go wrong here and will most certainly find a hidden treasure!
5	I love this store. For starters, it's the only bookstore even remotely close to my house since Borders closed. It also has an excellent selection of fiction books, which is what I like to read. I always am able to walk away with 5 titles that look really interesting and are bestsellers. Their new release section also always has some fantastic titles.This is a really great place to get classic books that would be on a high school reading list also, as I see those classic novels all over the store. All in all, this is a great place to go if you're looking for something new to read, and have the time to browse around and see what they have to offer!
4	I don't always get to sell everything for the price I want, some of the prices are higher than some other places but great selection, good deals most of the time, and very cool & knowledgable staff.  Great place.  4/5.
4	Half Price Books is a relaxing place to browse for books. They have the perfect selection-- it's fun and there's a lot to see, but it's not overwhelming. I feel like I can see the whole store without getting that panicky, hyperventilating "there's too much to read I'm such a failure!" feeling. I especially love their old books section, they have a lot of cute titles!The only bummer is that the prices aren't that, well, half priced. For example, I found a season of Mad Men there for $25, the exact same price for that same season of Mad Men at the Target next door. I also don't feel that their buying prices are that good, and they never give me good credit for my books. I still enjoy browsing, but in the end, I usually do my buying and selling elsewhere.
5	Mint copies of Essential Pepin (66% off list including the DVD) and Michel Richard Happy In The Kitchen (75% off) and located within walking distance.  I'll be back.  Soon.  Particularly to dig through the vinyl.
5	My favorite place in town sometimes. Inventory is always changing, you're never rushed and I find something I love every single I visit.
4	Wow!  Nice to see a bookstore that's not too over priced!  The staff was friendly.  I found some unique gifts for the holidays which didn't break the bank.  Lots of used books to choose from and new ones too.  The vinyl section was cool too!
5	I was really sad when Borders had closed. I remembered a used bookstore being close to Target, but I had never ventured inside, until recently, when I was looking for some gardening books. Then I became sad again, but it was because of how long it had taken me to find this place AND that I had been paying Borders prices for years when this place was only a hop, skip, and a jump away. Ugh, dummy! Anyway, this place has about every book category you would find at Barnes and Noble, plus audio books, VHS, DVD's, Blue Ray, Records, CDs, Computer software, video games, and little knick-knacks that look fun to purchase, but are utterly useless. I noticed the complete Band of Brothers collection on DVD for $20, single DVDs range from $6-$10, and Blue Rays from $12-20. Some where still in their cellophane wrapping, while others showed some wear. I was a little nostalgic when I saw they had Game Boy and Super Nintendo game cartridges ( I didn't see any original Nintendo games)!The staff was very friendly and I spent about 45 minutes in the store browsing the different sections and reading from various books. There was a coffee and hot chocolate station that I did not take advantage of because I was scared I would have stayed there for hours. From now on I will bee checking out this store first  when I need to purchase a book for their discounted prices without the used book store smell!
5	Excellent source for vinyl
3	Great location.  Good vinyl record source
3	I'm a book lover! Or hoarder, depending upon your point of view. LOL. So Half Price Books is a nice place for me to browse for some used books.I also have an allergy to molds and dust that tends to limit my time in places like this. My family finds this amusing of course. But, this store isn't too bad on my sinuses and selection is pretty good. Prices are also good and the staff is very helpful. Though admitedly they get busy at times and there are only a few employees who work here. So be patient. Besides Half Priced Books, both the Phoenix and Mesa locations of Bookman's have a nice selection. They also do a big business of buying back your books. The Book Bin over on Via Linda and 90th, though small has a good selection of paperbacks and is family run. A plus in my opinion.So if you like to read, I would add each of these places to your list for a visit.
4	The book continues to live on! I love books. There's just something wonderful about holding a real book in your hand while you flip through the pages and enter a different world. Sadly, the tangible book seems to be over taken by the world of electronics, but luckily shops like Half Price Books keeps the book alive. This shop is full of used books at reasonable prices, as well as DVDs, VHS (I kid you not) and other electronics and paper products. The best part is that they also buy your old books! Will you get a lot of money for them? No way. Sadly, you get about what feels like 1/10 of what you paid for it, but at least they buy them back at all! If you decide to sell your books, they will give you a coupon that's good for 10% off your purchase! This is a great shop to visit if you're looking for used books or if you need to sell some books.
4	Located next to Target this book store has a nice selection of both used and heavily discounted new books as well as music, calendars and other fun stuff. This is not like going into one of the big chains where you can sit down drink coffee and read their product. Store is a little small. You may bump into someone if you are spacing out. Just say excuse me and continue enjoying yourself.I love to get my cookbooks here when I am experimenting with a new type of ethnic cuisine. They also have several selections by famous chefs and TV shows that you would see on some of the cable channels. Picked up a Triple "D" cookbook on my last visit. Nice.Today I picked up several books out of the kids section for my new granddaughter. Had to get some Curious George in fact a bunch of them. They were only $1.99 each. These were my favorite as a child. Who doesn't like stories about a Monkey that gets into trouble and his pal The Man in the Yellow Hat.When you get tired of your old books you can trade them in or sell them for cash. Trade in is always a better value and then you can walk out with a fresh batch of reading material in the same visit.They may not have exactly what you are looking for but it is always worth doing a quick pop in to see. You never know what you may score. Ding! Turn the page.
4	Half Price Books is very similar to Bookman's except that they do not give you credit - they give you cold, hard cash. Who doesn't love cash? We recently moved and had a lot of entertainment items we no longer needed/wanted. I decided to try Half Price Books and was pleasantly surprised. They mainly carry books (a whole lotta books) but have some movies, music and very little video games. Their selection is eclectic and random. A lot of newer items too. When you bring items to buy back, you give your name and must stay in the store while they go through your items. This gives you plenty of time to wander. As I said, they have a lot of books. The movies were a good selection of newer items and had plenty of DVDs, Blu-Rays, and even VHS. The video game selection is rather dismal - only a few Wii, PS3, Xbox, DS, and even SNES games. (A few PC games as well.) Bookman's definitely has them beat in this department. Overall, it was a good experience and I'd go here again. Definitely a great place to find something for a friend/family member as well.
1	NEVER sell anything to this place, they will rip you off. They will give you 1$ for a hardback book and sell the same one for 20$ the next day. Try Zia record exchange when selling dvds,  much more fair and honest.
5	i love this place! It's cheap :) Small, but they have a lot of great books, and I have always found what I needed.
3	Not a great place to sell. The wait for a trade-in offer can be excruciatingly long, weighed down with the anticipation that you know you're going to get screwed on what they'll pay you. Most of my experiences there have shown the employees to be either a touch condescending, or too frightening to approach due to their trying-too-hard to be rebellious appearance and/or persona. 3 stars for their excellent military and world history section, though.
4	Very helpful staff w/ selling and inventory. Will definitely come here again!
5	This place is just awesome!!  I buy all of my D&D books here and most of my other books too.  The kids section is pretty cool and they have little toys and crafts that you wouldn't find at most other places.  The people who work here are awesome!!  I have never found anyone to be condescending or hard to approach.  Sure, some of the workers have tattoos and wild hair sometimes.  But you shouldn't judge a book by its cover...lol, I'm Fraking hilarious.
4	Nice staff, great store with decent prices.  I like to get calendars here because it's a lot less $ than anywhere else.  We also like to root through the vinyl albums and have purchased many.  Make sure you check the condition, some are pretty trashed.
5	This place is awesome! The staff is very welcoming, I love reading books so any type of book I can get my hands on I'm happy. They have all sorts if authors new and used books. Collectors editions, movies (dvds/vhs), cds/vinyl, magazines and many more. The comic books are priced well and in good condition. You can get a whole lot of books for a low price.
5	I love this place! An amazing staff! I can always find something interesting to read and check out. And always what I'm looking for! Movies, music, and more. It's a great place to check out!
5	I'm beyond ecstatic that I found this place! Amazing bookstore with new and used books. They also have some really sweet nic-nac's and memorablea! Don't forget to check out they clearance section! I found books for 1$-2.50$.. And good books!! The staff is also really friendly and helpful! I had one of the girls suggest a few books and so far I've loved every single one! Side note you can bring your old books in here and get $$ or trade for new ones!
3	You can both appreciate and dislike this chain. I started with the first valley store at the suggestions from two other used book stores. Years back with people who left the company I found the stores to be fun. I also felt prices were better. Don't expect a decent amount for books you sell them. They will give you almost nothing for a few books and the rest zero. In well over 200 trips to the store I have never had asingle person recognize me. Most personel are cold.I felt the stores were much better previously but have found this to be true with all chains. Obviously I appreciate the selection or would not continue to purchase huge quanties of books. I can buy for considerably less but as a storefront feel I owe a degree of loyalty. I no longer look at their bargain section due to no sorting. The trend in this person's view is down.
4	The store is well organized, clean, and has a good selection of books. Great place to browse for used books.  I've never done any trade with them so I can't comment of that, but if they were closer I might try that. The staff was friendly.
1	First time visiting and upon entrance, I regretted not having the collection of CDs and DVDs to donate with me, but after receiving $13 Half Price offered for the 30 books* I brought in (that's 43 cents per book), I will not come back to sell anything else.  I was going to leave the books at work so that fellow readers could get enjoyment from them.  That thought gives me greater pleasure than the $13 in my hand.  (Changing Hands gave me $11 for four books just four days ago.)  Most of the books I brought had binds that weren't even broken- some were even brand-new!  I should've just taken them back.*Some of the brand-new titles I brought in: Culture Shock! (three editions- Britain, Philippines, Australia); Sara Gruen's Water For Elephants; Lahaye/Jenkins' Left Behind; Tim Lahaye's Revelations Unveiled; Michael Ondaatje's The English Patient; Alice Sebold's The Almost Moon; Lisa See's Dreams of Joy (hardback); and many more that were in very good condition.
