1	Avoid this place at all costs.  I wondered around this store tonight for 30 minutes and not one employee could take the time to ask if I needed assistance.  I finally tracked down an employee and walked around, back and forth looking confused just to see if she would ask if she could assist.  NOT a chance ...she went back to storing some blind hardward in one of the kitchen cupboard displays.  I finally approached her and asked a simple question - if they had an adapter for a range hood (since the range hoods were 8 feet from where she was working, I though just maybe she might know).  I even showed her EXACTLY what I needed from the display model.  She says "I have no idea, but if we do it would be over in venting" ... I oh, seems no one knows ... to which she snaps back in a snide, rude, and condesending manner .. I"M SORRY, I DON'T KNOW THIS ENTIRE STORE.  Wothless ....  Go elsewhere.
3	I've never really had a bad experience per se, but I've not exactly been helped a whole bunch either. It's Home Depot. What more can you expect?
5	love this place!
3	This review is for the Garden Center only.The flower selection seemed to be fairly limited but the prices were descent. They have a good selection of planters and I found a couple that I really liked. Herbs were incredibly limited and those that they did have looked horrible. Tomato and pepper plants seemed alright. The Home Depot at Mesa Riverview has a better garden center all around but I would still give this location another chance.One of the cashiers outside was standing at her register playing on her cell phone while the other cashier helped everyone. I went to the cashier that was doing her job and she was really nice.Next time I will go to one of the many nurseries around the area. Home Depot is good for other home improvement needs. Gardening, not so much.
1	This review is for their propane exchange and overall customer service. Over the past year, their propane exchange kiosk has only worked once. The standard procedure is to go to the outside machine, see if it works, verify that it doesn't and then go stand in line to pay for a propane exchange. Afterwards, a 5 - 10 minute wait follows for someone to come to the front of the store and unlock the propane cage. Tonight, after going through the first several steps and purchasing my propane I was told, " Sir - it probably doesn't work because all of the propane tanks are empty." This is after waiting a few minutes. I went back outside to verify that there are in fact propane tanks and I am now 8 minutes into my wait for a tank. The experience overall is incredibly frustrating and so much so that I no longer wish to give this location one penny of my money for any purchase period.
3	Its Home Depot. You've got questions, they have answers. Not always the best 1's but they will give you answer. Necessary evils in the game of life. Clean location, questionable PDSS employees but most of all I gotta say thanks for the Military Discount
2	If you need to get locks rekeyed that weren't purchased here don't go to this location, only the Home Depot on Crismon and Southern still does that. The hardware associate went so far as to tell me it was "unlawful" for them to do so..
3	It's a home depot.  Nothing special but also nothing bad.  It's everything I expect from a HD.
5	Went to superstition springs store walked out for waiting over 30 for help.  I was in and out in 10 at this store!
4	These guys are good.  I go into at least two different Home Depots a day this one by far is the best.  Sharon near the pro check out always has a smile on her face doesn't matter what time of day it is.  I go out of my way to go to the store when I can.
1	12/11/14 Phil is the Worst mgr & clerk. I spent 30min getting $45+ of pipe 4 project. then a lady clerk comes 2 put plastic pipe away way down the aisle & tells my 3yr old- Don't touch boxes, w/ no mess on the floor. Where was she the last 30min? Then I ask her for a 36in 3/4 pipe. she calls once & says nobody is answering. And is done w/me, ignores eye contact, walks away. I go get Mgr Phil- This lady just left me stranded, cart full of pipe & child. He calls some! And asks what I need, he looks around 4 help & finds 1 pipe on shelf. Lady walks into our aisle, I ask Phil why did she screw me, w/baby & full cart. He says Watch Your language abruptly! What? I say screw is not a bad word, Whats a better word, when Im walking thru isles w/baby & full cart & she offers no info. That's not right I said. I dropped my cart and left it in his hands! Next time I will go too Lowes on Higley & Southern. Plenty of projects left 2 do. Daytime & corporate will hear about this. Double Rude Jeopardy!
