4	My husband and I found this place after purchasing a gift certificate from restaurant.com.  It is in a strip mall south of I-85 near a chinese restaurant and a Family Dollar.  The decor is pretty "Mexican restaurant kitsch".  I noticed that there was a bar, but we sat near the door and didn't venture further into the restaurant, so I couldn't comment on the bar.We were presented with menus by a woman who seemed nice, but obviously spoke no English.  She pointed to the drinks, and waited expectantly.  We both ordered Cokes, and they arrived quickly, along with 2 bowls of a spicy soup with sausage, beans, and vegetables.  I don't know what it was called, but it was YUMMY.  Another waitress came to take our order.  This place has an extensive menu!  Most of the items have english translations on the menu, but not all of them.  I noticed everything from your standard tacos and tortas to beef tongue, octopus, and several types of ceviche.  We both ordered the "Tres Compadres" platter for 14.50.  It comes with a pounded chicken breast, 2 pieces of skirt steak, and 4 grilled shrimp.  The shrimp was slightly overcooked, but seasoned well.  The chicken and skirt steak were FABULOUS.  Flavorful, tender, and juicy.  The plate also comes with a large serving of rice (also tasty) and homemade tortillas.  The entire thing was excellent.We shared an order of flan for dessert.  It was dense, and tasted faintly of cinnamon.  My husband commented that my flan is better, and more smooth.  Theirs wasn't bad, although it had very little of the caramelized sugar sauce.In all, we spent about $17 before tip (after the $25.00 GC), and we were thrilled.  We intend to bring my in-laws in for a yummy, casual lunch.
3	Though "taco" is not exactly a traditional Spanish (or even Mexican) word, the phrase "El Taco Veloz" appears to be designed to indicate "The Speedy Taco", if the cartoonish character on the door is any indication.  Unfortunately, speedy is not really a part of the vocabulary here.  Luckily, the staff is friendly, it would just be nice if you saw more of them - for anything.  More chips (any chips, in fact), more drinks, silverware, your check, just about any service at all at times.  The server we had did speak very good English, which was nice.Like Laura G. - and in fact, at her suggestion - we had a restaurant.com coupon, so we ordered like we had been on a desert island, since the prices were so cheap.  We in fact have a refrigerator full of leftovers, there was so much (and we picked up a cheese dip, drinks and dessert and still were not sure we would meet the required threshold to trigger our coupon).Aside from the prices, the food is actually quite tasty.  No bland Americanized food here - the only problem we ran into is that much of the meat was overcooked.  In fact, much of the food was overcooked - even the churros were chewy.  Good flavor, just could have been taken off a bit earlier is all.  And the pupusas were excellent, if you are looking for another place that serves them.Sweet Tea Report: Actually quite decent.  The only downfall here was getting more of it, as mentioned.  An interesting "twist" was that it was served with a slice of lime.  I can't recall having seen that anywhere before.  I do not know that I would request it again, but it was not bad.
5	If you are looking for authentic mexican food, you have found it! This is the only place in the Charlotte area that I have found to actually be authentic! My husband is from mexico and he even agrees this is not just some americanized or texmex food! I am very impressed by the quality and portion sizes here and I have been here numerous times and will continue to return! The staff are all latina ladies that don't speak much English, but they sure know good food! The customers are usually all hispanic which is another good sign that this food is delicious!
4	Don't expect good service unless you're fluent in Spanish. Seriously though, I have never eaten a better (or larger) burrito in my entire life! I almost wish that I hadn't moved out of Charlotte, I would have liked to come here again.
4	This must be our 25th visit here. My wife and I love this place. The food is good and reasonably priced. They do have a few unusual items on the menu ( cerviche and grilled cactus plus a few more). The service overall is good. Having been here so many times we have had a couple of visits where the service has been less than good, but that is not the norm. Come try it,  you will be glad you did
5	My favorite Mexican restaurant in the University area; if there's some place better let me know. Instead of the ubiquitous chips & dip you can get a chorizo & bean soup that is light and flavorful; it doesn't fill you up like chips will. A good choice if you are watching what your weight, although if not you can get the chips with come with a queso dip, a thinned out guacamole and salsa.Their pork carnita's are just divine; big chunks of perfectly cooked  pork,  nicely charred on the outside and tender and flaky on the inside.They bring you a plate with three different salsa and  pickled onions. Sometimes you get what I think is a house pickled jalapeno - it is cut in strips and much firmer than the usual canned jalapenos you get elsewhere. You get a generous serving of radishes, which go with the meat in their house made tortilla's beautifully. Never seen that anywhere in Charlotte, although it is common in LA.If you don't want to be overloaded with carbs you can order three taco's off the menu. They come in many varieties and are dressed simply with onions and cilantro. Add some of their grilled cactus and you can fill up for about the price of any of their other entries without the excess carbs.Most of the time the service is pretty good, everyonce in a while you may get a waitress that is kind of slack, but I can overlook that for delicious and authentic food at great prices.
4	This is one of my neighbor spots, the grilled chicken salad is awesome, which comes with soup.  This is a little different from the standard salad, the layers are refried beans, rice, much chicken, fresh veggies, limes on the side.  I had to take my daughter to speak the language.  The bar is awesome, the servings are great.
5	GREAT FOOD! Nice atmosphere. Nice bar. Best Mexican joint in the area.
5	I have been here a few times and it is great.  I have come for lunch and the prices are super cheap for delicious Mexican food.  I usually get the chicken quesadilla while my wife usually gets some fajitas.  It is always amazing.  The chips and dip they give you for free at the beginning of the meal are great as well.  The queso dip is absolutely amazing.  If you are looking for great food at a cheap price, this is THE place.
5	They had a great sauce bar!  ...and this place was SO authentic!  I just loved the restaurant and the food.  I can't wait to go back to Charlotte to eat here again!
4	Awesome, authentic Mexican cuisine.  Great service and $1 beers, what could be better.
4	Great food, poor service.
5	Best tacos around, at a great price. I've tried other menu items as well and everything is delicious - but you can't beat their deal on tasty tacos!
5	I love Mexican food,  and this place topped the charts.  It was fresh and came out promptly.  Would love to go here again.
4	I was craving tacos, in that annoying slightly drunk way: "Guuuuyyss I have to eat tacos."So off we went.Tacos in a strip mall? Yes please. Their tacos are cheap and they serve quite a variety.My favorite was the beef tongue but they have chicken and lots of options for you scaredy cats out there.Queso was super interesting and a large serving. Salsas were great too- if you are in the area want some authentic offerings are just cheap tacos open late, pull into this shopping center parking lot.
