4	If you are into East Coast pizza...or love green olives on your pizza...  this place is great!  They have other items on their menu that look really good, but I never venture beyond PIzza.One of my favorite pies in Las Vegas / Henderson.  The price is a bit high, but take a look out for $5 off coupons in the mail.
3	I liked that it seemed family owned and I did enjoy the pizza. However, I definitely didn't like it more than Settebello/Grimaldi's, and I can't say I liked it that much better than Metro. Prices are high (like Metro), but I'll give them another shot next time I have a coupon. The garlic knots did look really yummy!
5	I used to go to the Three Brothers on the Atlantic City boardwalk all the time when I was growing up on the east coast. I can't believe there's one right up the street from me now. The pictures in the place bring back so many memories. I've only gotten pizza there, so I can only provide my opinion on that, but with the dough shipped from the east coast daily, how could you go wrong?
4	The pizza here is great!  The 30"  X-Large  is a great value  when having 6-8 people over. ( have them double slice it for you)   I also sometimes  just pick up  fresh pizza dough  when we are making our own pizzas at home.  The dough is very good, and the people here are very helpful.
3	IMPOSTERS!!I have been to NY, and Jersey, and this pizza does not compare AT ALL! First HUGE mistake.. they use CANNED mushrooms! Who does that? The crust is nice and crispy, but it's tough, and not tender. It's a problem with all pizza on the west coast... the water is too hard here. To get the real good crust like from Jersey, you'd have to use bottled water. The people were super nice, and the wings were decent. Hence the 3 stars, but the pizza... oh man, the pizza... they have a lot of improving to do. Also, it was a little pricey. I know they are small and family owned, so I contemplated even putting this on here. Cause I get it. They can't compete with all the pizza chain prices. And yes, they definitely were better than the Pizza Hut, or Domino's, but maybe next time I'll wait for a coupon or something...Order of 12 wings, and a Pepperoni, Sausage & Mushroom Pizza = $28
4	Let's get credentials out of the way here first: I was born in Cleveland, and I live in Las Vegas, so I can understand any hesitancy on taking (pizza) advice from me.EXCEPT: I went to college in New Jersey (Rutgers? Rutgers!), so I've had more delicious, delicious pizza than some people get in their whole lives. And it's because of this pursuit of higher education that I'm doomed to spend the rest of my west-coast life in pursuit of a decent slice. As others have said before, on Yelp, on the news, on bar stools at 3 a.m., decent pizza is hard in Nevada because of the water. But, just like a dog with three legs, Nevada can rise above its challenge and become something different, something unique, something altogether endearing. And since 3 Brothers is legit from Jersey and has that feisty Jersey backing, they rise above with considerable flair. (It should also be said that my apartment is pretty damn close to 3 Brothers, so I've had it enough times to make a well-informed decision. Because that's how people make pizza decisions, right?)The pizza's good. It's not New Jersey, it's not New York, it's not Chicago, but it's good. Sometimes it's really good and sometimes it's too saucy or undercooked. It's one of those places where, even if you don't have a mind-blowing slice, you can at least see its value in the Las Vegas Pizza Hierarchy. The other food is sort of similarly inconsistent, but also generally good. I had a TCE (traumatic calzone experience) while dining in there once and haven't tried again, but we often get the chicken fingers/french fries carry-out to make our own at-home fat sandwiches (Rutgers!) and it's always good. It seems -- less than helpful? -- to keep referring to things as "good," but that's really what it is. I can't say that this is the kind of slice most people would drive all the way over from Summerlin for, but to some people, I think it could be that place. It's got just enough of everything I remember from college and New Jersey pizza places to make me want to blow off studying for a final and just eat pizza and watch The Office instead. I think that drive-across-town pizza fanaticism would also be easy to arrive at for people that know the original 3 Brothers. (But, having eaten at the original, I don't think you're going to be 100% satisfied. Blame it on the water, right?)I guess what I'm trying to say is: this isn't the pizza you're looking for. This isn't the slice that's going to make you grab the box, hole up in the corner of your Vegas apartment and bark at anyone that comes near you because you're found it, oh my god, you've found it, real east coast pizza in NEVADA.But, I don't know that that pizza place exists here (...yep, the water) and you could do a lot worse than 3 Brothers. It's like, remember that time back home in New Jersey when your favorite shop was closed because it's family owned and someone was having a baptism, but you still really wanted pizza? And you ordered from a different shop, but it was still good, but not the same? It's like that. (Plus, bonus Jersey perk: depending on who answers the phone/takes your order in-store, you may get a side of thinly veiled apathy/annoyance. It's kind of charming once you learn not to take it personally, I'm serious.)
3	Pizza is one of  the few foods that doesn't have to be great to satisfy.  And 3 Brothers from Italy Jersey Shore Pizza satisfies.  The mozzarella they use is salted and delicious.  Several other commentators have noted that the pizzeria makes east coast style pies and the salted mozzarella is definitely a mark of Jersey-style pizza.3 Brothers also has several creative toppings that can go on the pizza , including broccoli, spinach and artichokes.  That said, they also have the east coast pizzeria's embarrassing attitude about mushrooms: they use canned mushrooms.  Seriously.  Canned mushrooms = tasteless, slimy sponges.  And they actually put them on a pizza.That said, the pizza crust, cheese and sauce were so solid that 3 Brothers gets three stars, which means I'd happily go back, but stay away from the mushrooms.
3	Vegas says poll voted this place #1 pizza joint in town. This review has a simple title: Good while it's hot.I grabbed my slice right when the doors opened at 11AM. It was hot and worth the 3 bucks. The slice is huge!It's a thin crust with bold sauce.The only downside the taste quickly changes the longer it has been out of the oven.3 1/2 stars.
4	This place just closed, so this is no longer valid. Too bad, was very nice. Hope the owner and family find success in their next venture. They were awesome!I just don't get it. In New York, the pizza gurus all love cheese, pepperoni or sausage pies. They know good pizza and since traveling to New  York, I can tell you I have nevered again ever committed the mortal sin of ordering a Hawaiian Pizza!I really like this place. There are many good places in town, and until someone decides to ship in New York tap water to make the dough, let's face it, you won't get NY pizza here.However, the pizzas are great and I don't order them with mushroom, so I haven't experienced the canned mushroom issue that others have. I really like the crust, it is the perfect thickness and just the right amount of cheese and pepperoni.Subscribe to their coupons and  you can save a lot of money.I really enjoy supporting a family restaurant and this is a great one.  If you need to order party trays, they can take care of you and it is reasonable and really, really good!
3	3 BROTHERS IS NO LONGER IN THIS LOCATION! Maybe they can reopen somewhere else, but for now they're CLOSED.
