4	This place, formerly known as Taylor's Tavern, is now called Rainbow Cactus.  We had an Imperial Court of Arizona show there on Saturday, 8-1-09.  There was a nice crowd in there, many obviously regulars.  The bar is a good size with ample seating.  The drinks were good and the staff attentive and fun.  There are no drinks on the patio allowed, and it was a bit warm inside (AC taxed?), but other than these two minor quibbles, the place is rockin' and fills a need in far north Phoenix, far from the Gayborhoods of central Phoenix.  An isolated outpost in suburbia, Rainbow Cactus surges forward, chartering her own course.
3	Ummm...I seem to ask myself this more and more frequently. I don't know if it's me, or the places...but...what did I just stumble into??? First of all, the place is located in a strip mall - or if you want to call it that. It is deserted! The only thing missing are the tumbleweeds rolling through the parking lot. Next door is a Taxidermy place. Cool. So, we pull up and there are three cars in the parking lot. I'm sure one belonged to the bartender, which leaves two cars for potential patrons. No, I'm not scared...more confused. I think to myself, you can do this Jana! You've been to sketchier places. So I go in. Inside I find a massive bar, random arcade machine (by random, I mean random! There was a stuffed animal machine. You know, the thing you put money into and try to grab a stuffed animal with the clamp things, which never seem to clamp anything). We venture to the bar and are greeted by a nice bartender. I was floored by their liquor selection. Every Three Olives vodka I could dream of! Ok, now you are working your way into my heart. Next, I discover the touch tunes jukebox. I am determined to bring some life into this place! The prices were on the steep side. 16 bucks for two Three Olive/Red Bulls. I opted to stick to beer the rest of the night. We ended up staying for quite some time. The pool table kept us entertained, and our music selection kept us moving. Due to high prices and sketchy nature I doubt I will be back. Plus it is Cash only, which is annoying. It's sad, because this place would have a lot of potential...just needs a little TLC.
4	Well if you like gay bars and live in North Phoenix, here's your place! Rainbow Cactus has been Marly's (sp) and Taylor's Tavern prior. It's a bit divey. It REALLY needs some new carpet, bathrooms, and patio furniture, but hey we are in a recession, so I get it! They have a huge drink selection that is averagely priced. Darts, pool, skillcrane, an ATM, and a jukebox. The staff is always nice! They used to be cash only but now take debit and possibly credit cards I do believe. It's in a creepy complex with a Taxadermy shop and doesn't open until 3pm. Mainly regulars are here and it's typically kind of slow unless they have a drag show or karaoke. It's a eclectic little place for sure. There is only one toilet per sex (which isn't enforced) and the bathrooms are in big need of some updating. They do keep them clean, though. The back "patio" is rickety, has an odd jumble of old furniture and you can't drink out there. I think the new ownership by Karen has helped the bring some life back into this place! Now if it could just make enough dough for some updates! They serve some snacks like bags of chips, but you can bring in your own food and there is a pizza place next door that will bring food over as well.This is a fun, neighborhood gay and "gay friendly" bar that just seems to vary each time I come. You never know what might be going on! Props to keeping events and shows going and being the only gay bar in the area!
4	after being forcefully relocated to my parents house in the nopho/sco area, i needed a safe place to comfortably grab a bevy every now and again.enter: rainbow cactus.call me a tranny chaser, but i freaking love this bar, and the diverse crowd inside. it's divey and dumpy yes, but no different then most gay bars in phoenix. although my margarita i ordered lacked a rim job, there were plenty of people lingering around the pool table who would have given it to me instead.and the best part? an actual RAINBOW CACTUS inside, which i plugged into the wall before i peaced out for crusin' 7th.
3	I've been going to Rainbow Cactus for about a year now, both as a patron and as an entertainer. I will agree with the whole "divey" atmosphere, but that's part of it's charm. It does have free wi-fi, and I've used it a few times before shows and such. The staff is friendly, and the owner, Karen, is great! Karaoke on Friday nights is a blast, and the selection is pretty good. They have the Sassy Sisters drag show on Saturday nights, and other random shows (including fundraisers) throughout the month. the downsides:1- It's a cash-only bar. Personally, I think they'd run a bigger profit if they allowed bar tabs to be run on credit/debit cards. I mean, think how many times you've been drunk and just kept going up to a bar saying, "Put it on my tab!" The next thing you know, BOOM! $200 bar tab. 2 - The drink prices are a little high. And there's no set price for things. One bartender may charge you $3.50 for something, another may charge you $4. Their happy hour prices aren't much better than normal prices. 3 - Their cooling/ac system sucks. A lot. Get more than 10 people in the bar, and it's hotter than blazes! Especially during shows. 4 - From a performing aspect, the sound system sucks. Not during karaoke, mind you. Only what they use for shows. Loud noises on the mic blows the system. They need an upgrade... bad! 5 - you can't take your drink on to the patio. Sigh. But honestly, those things can be overlooked because the atmosphere is great. It needs a remodel, or a reorganisation or something, but it's still one of my favourite places to perform.
4	I'm upping the star rating now after a few changes/additions have been made to the bar. The sound system is still lacking, but they've added a once-a-month show featuring drag kings, which is kind of cool. So now you can get your fix of both drag queens AND the kings. Most of the kings in the show are title holders and/or award winners, so the caliber is really high. It's a different theme every month. THe bar is starting to bust out some great drink specials, and have introduced a new menu of spiffy non-alcoholic drinks for those who don't drink, or are DDs for the night. This is really awesome, because so many people enjoy going to shows or bars, but don't drink and hate that their only options are coke or redbull. So props to the staff for listening to their patrons!
5	When you think of Phoenix, AZ, you don't necessarily think "gay mecca" but there are some really cool gems to discover. Rainbow Cactus, up near Greenway on Cave Creek Rd., is one of those gems. It's not pretentious or snooty. It's a timeless bar that happens to be gay. No disco balls. No go-go platforms. No naked pixies running around to glamour you with Madonna renditions. Just come on in, grab a seat and a drink and chill the hell out. You're safe. Breathe easy, pal. Take a load off and talk to some really interesting characters. They have drag shows all the time. Find the schedule and plan to be there. Some performances are off the charts brilliant and others are less than spectacular. There's also karaoke, which is fun, even for me and I can't sing (voice damage). It's laid back and there's a lot of talented clientele who come in. Bring your girlfriends, your boyfriends, your parents too. Everybody is as welcome as they make themselves. That's why Rainbow Cactus has been named the "gay Cheers of Phoenix". That's why they'll be around long after the trendy bars of the moment have fallen away.
4	I've been here a few times and it's never a bad night when I go. The only things that they could improve on is better promoting because more people make it more fun and cheap drink options. Perhaps reverse happy hour
5	First bar since I moved to Arizona a week and a half ago. Love the atmosphere, and the people are great. I met a handful of great people. I will definitely be a regular!
