5	Delicious fondue! Not sure that I would call it the best in the world, but it's definitely really good and certainly the best fondue I had while in Montreal. Also, the escargot is to die for! I had the escargot au gratin! So delicious! Buttery and creamy and altogether yummy! I look forward to my next trip to Montreal and experiencing this great place again. Note that the decor is very traditional Swiss stuff with lots of cow bells and even an old fashioned cart wheel hanging from the ceiling. Service was friendly and efficient and strangely delivered in a mix of both French and English. They accept American Express.
5	A bit on the pricey side but you'll not regret the cost. Wonderful German Swiss food in the heart of Montreal. Everything was wonderful from the wine to the dessert. The Chocolate fondue is worthy of the calories. If you want a special meal, this is the place to go. They can accommodate large groups well.
5	Visited again recently. Delicious fondue! Not much has changed. Atmosphere is still the same, fondue is still awesome. Service is excellent. You can't miss this place if you want excellent fondue!
5	A delightful place. The warm cozy interior, cheesy as it may be, is so well complimented by the cheesy cuisine that you won't be bothered by the faux Swiss chalet design. Firelight and piano music add to the warm atmosphere that put me in a jovial mood as I enjoyed the best onion soup I've ever had. The fondue we tried was also spot on and delicious. A unique and wonderful place well worth a visit.
4	This cute and romantic restaurant had the best Onion Soup (or as we call it in the USA, "French Onion Soup") I have ever had.  It had such a delightful layer of cheese on top of the onions, bread and broth.  Great starter for us - we shared one bowl of soup for the two of us as we wanted to get the cheese fondue as part of our meal as well.The cheese fondue is excellent here.  They serve it with good crusty bread and for an extra couple dollars they will serve you a plate of vegtables to dip.We also had the filet mignon which came with the hot oil to cook on your own.  I liked the meat but felt bad about eating deep fried food and cheese in one meal.  Oh well, it was good.  The sauces for the meat were all interesting as well.
3	Oh The Alpenhaus! It's quite a fun restaurant for the Onion Soup and Fondue! Its a place to visit 1-2 times a year. It has a interesting log cabin decor, and the food is quite good. You are having fondue, so it is a slow evening to eat at. Have some good conversations with family and friends
3	This unassuming little resteraunt has great atmosphere and may be a good place to entertain a medium sized group of friends or business associates.  The interior is constructed to resemble a small cottage one might find in an alpine village with it's warm wooden beams, posts and plaster walls.  A fireplace build out from one of these walls helps to light the place as well as keep the guests nice and toasty warm.The menu consists of traditional German/Austrian dishes as well as a few entrees that may appeal to the less adventurous types.  For small groups there is also a host of Fondue choices.  The Fondue can be ordered by the pot or in combinations, with cheese, meat, and chocolate pots served respectively.My wife and I ordered the Geneva combo which featured a swiss cheese with bread fondue followed by a beef fondue served with a variety of sauces.  If you like your cheese sharp, you will love the cheese fondue.  The beef fondue was everything I expected and although the sauces were a little bland for my tastes, there was enough variety to keep me interested.We finished up with a chocolate fondue, which I should have ordered in the Geneva Delux combo, because they charged me full price and did not offer to upgrade the combo for me.  The chocolate was a tastey dutch process chocolate melted over a low flame and served with a variety of fruits.  Although they usually have bananas, they were out of them at the time, but the melons, grapes, and pinapple were all good and didn't overpower the chocolate at all. I would have liked to see a strawberry or two, but I'm not sure if this was simply an omission on their part or the fact that strawberries were way out of season at the time.Overall the Alpenhaus resteraunt is a good place to eat, but don't expect to walk out the door with anything less than a $100 bill, especially if you've ordered any dessert or wine.  This is also a place where you should know what you want before you sit down or you may find yourself caught between the constant pesterings of an untasked wait staff that are not prone to offering suggestions for first time customers.
3	Ah. This place kills me......for two reasons. Firstly, it USED to be amazing...Then all of a sudden, the quality of the food and service kind of crashed. And secondly, what kind of restaurant DOESN'T ALLOW YOU TO TAKE YOUR FOOD TO GO?!??! This is the reason I won't be back. I had gone there with a friend, and we ordered and appetizer to share and then a main dish each. I had the veal with mushroom sauce which in the past was pretty amazing. However, halfway through that dish, I got full (shocking, I know). At the end of our meal, both of us asked for the rest of our dishes to be packed to go and we were told by a very unhappy woman that this would not be possible. Either eat it all here, or too bad. It was SHOCKING. So.....although the food is ok, I won't be returning here. I don't like feeling ripped off, and the fact that they won't give you the rest of your paid-for food, makes me feel totally ripped off.  :|
2	First of all: HOLY BATCAVE BATMAN!And not in a "gadget" sense, but in a "wade through crazy darkness and hope you survive" sense. The Swiss cheese fondue was... very Swiss. I'm not a fan of the harsh kind of fondue, so it wasn't for me.I wish they had more cheesy-fondue options and skip the fondue Chinois stuff (not very Swiss to begin with huh?). So more people would be able to enjoy a good cheese fondue.It's also kind of pricey for what it is, not extremely, but enough to mention.The rest of the menu varied from schnitzels (no zigeuner dammit!) to cajun chicken (lol wtf?).It's not the best Germanic restaurant ever, but it's ok I guess, if you really can't make it yourself or know other places. I'm going to continue my search for better and make my own schnitzels, currywurst, goulash and fondue until I find one.
5	The food we had here tonight was delicious!  We had the goulash soup, Cordon Bleu, Wiener Schnitzel and Swiss chocolate fondue.  The goulash soup was different from most varieties we have tried, but we found it very tasty.  The schnitzel and Cordon Bleu were some of the best we have had.  The chocolate fondue was great!    It was such a rare treat for us and there were a wide variety of fruits to dip into the wonderful chocolate.
5	I came here with a groupon. The food was great and the service was excellent. The owner was very nice as well! Taxes and tips are calculated for you after the groupon, which is great! I would definitely come back!
4	Wonderful fondue dinner at this restaurant last night. Great service too. Top quality beef. Don't forget to finish off with the chocolate fondue!!
3	Heard a lot of great stuff about this place so decided to check it out. Really wanted to try the cheese fondue. It is made with kirsch. Should have asked what "kirsch" was beforehand because I didn't realize it is so strong. Turns out it is a liquor made with cherry. The white wine is nice but kirsch took it up like 5 notches so it's very strong. . Didn't really like the bread that came with the fondue, it is quite stale and cold...and even after dipping it in the fondue, didn't really warm up. Also got the escargot in cream and mushroom sauce - it was good but more mushroom than escargot, (I think we also found 3 escargots and tons of mushrooms), tastes great when dipped with the hot bread that's served with your meal. Wanted a bit of meat with our meal so we also ordered the smokies which came with broccoli and a potato pancake. Wasn't spectacular but was satisfying and greasy good. Ambiance was cozy as the place is dimly lit and woody, with a weird smell throughout the restaurant which I was not a fan of. Is. Overall an okt experience but I'd like to try the cheese fondues at other restaurants in Montreal to compare
2	seiously... service is great, food is totally not worth it...gez  poor waiter had to serve garbage to me =.= i felt sorry for him... it really lets me down, i had a pretty high hope for it....do not go there...for any occasion
4	Good, filling meal. I got the escargot app and veal in mushroom sauce entree. Thoroughly enjoyable. Though, I think the waiter didn't like that we didn't know anything about tennis. lol Nice, rustic ambiance.
5	I've been visiting Alpenhaus since 1999, and I go to the restaurant every year over the Formula One week-end. We usually have the same thing - swiss fondue starter followed by the Table d'Hote roast rack of lamb for two, choosing escargots as the appetizer.We are almost always served by Marcel and the service is impeccable. The fondue is truly magic, perfect every time. But the escargots!! My God this place knows how to do a good escargots. I think we've even ordered an extra one to split between us before while in a more inebriated state!The roast rack of lamb is always perfectly cooked medium rare with a delicious potato cake and vegetables.Decent beer and wine list as well as a great quaint location (don't let the look from the outside fool ya) make this a must have dining experience while in Montreal. Highest rating.
4	As a student, I don't have much money to spend on nice restaurants, but a groupon came up and I had to splurge because I was so tired of walking by this place without ever having been in for a bite. Had the green salad, veal in mushroom cream sauce and creme brulee. They had a broad wine selection at a reasonable price. My friend also had a veal place, it was stuffed with ham and cheese. Although the creme brulee and salad were expected, both of our mains were absolutely delicious.The wait staff were professionals, not just teenagers running around with their first jobs. I only wish we had gone during the winter to experience the great hall with fireplace that they use that time of year.
