3	This place is absolutly geared towards students. Not only is it located below one of the university of Edinburghs halls of residence, but the prices of the drinks in rush, as well as its location mark it as one of the many pre-drinking venues in the area that offer somewhere to get drunk cheaply before moving somewhere else.Really, this place has all the atmosphere of a common room in a 6th form college - its a bit childish, a bit fun and generally a bit of a laugh, but in a 'knowing-full-well-its-crap' kind of way. An alright place for cheap drinks and a good time.
4	Located in the midst of the hustle and bustle of the Cowgate's nightlife, Rush is a good place to either begin the night or stop off at for a cheap drink before hitting the clubs.  It's quite a young place and the vast majority of custom comes from students.  It is appropriately equipped for this with a Playstation on a large screen and some other arcade-type stuff. The seating is all comfortable and you can get a good view of the street below whilst chatting with your mates.  I've got good memories of Rush as having a great atmosphere and I always seem to have hilarious conversations with people about the most random things whenever I'm in.  That said, however, it is geared towards a certain age group and I would only advise it as a venue for pre-drinking rather than the whole night itself.
3	Rush is one of those places that are a great start to the night.  It has a bit of a relaxed, but sociable atmosphere. The main thing going for Rush is its cheap drinks - that's why the night starts here.  It's a fabulous bar for younger drinkers, but perhaps not ideal for slightly older ones.  The atmosphere is catered to students and indeed others might find it a bit hectic.  Unless you've picked the wrong night it's going to be a big queue at the bar so you may want to think about getting more than one drink at a time.  Of the nights of the week, the weekend is good, but Tuesday is better.  The typical Tuesday starts at Rush and finishes at Bannermans for karaoke.  It's not the longest pub crawl, but makes for a great Tuesday night out.
4	Filthy.That's the first word that springs to mind when I think of this bar, as it's exterior is without doubt the most dust and mud splattered facade I've seen outside a rally track. I understand that the nature opf the buildings around Cowgate cause this, but they really should clean the windows and general frontage at least occasionally, as just walking past makes me crave heading home to give myself a good scrub with the loofah.Negatives aside, it's actually alright in here. The late 90s decor, and late 90s prices, remind me very much of being an oily young shaver, and the bar in general is aimed at young backpackers who like it cheap, cheerful, and bereft of thrills.A ship that's sadly sailed for me, lest I become a mildly tragic new-age travelling hippy (a worryingly possible career path), but great at what it does.
3	Rush is pretty rubbish and it knows it. Not trying to be a cool bar or serve original and exotic drinks, it just sticks to doing what it does well, getting people drunk. And there are fewer better places for pre-drinking before a night out. Yes it's busy, yes it's loud, yes most of the people are all drunk as well so a little bit lairy, but if you find yourself a little corner (or if you are unbelievably lucky a seat) and hang with a few mates it's good boozy fun.Definitely aimed at students, being located under Robertson's Close Halls, Rush reflects this in its prices. It is so cheap; even after the licensing laws generally made bars a bit pricier, Rush has managed to stay ludicrously cheap. Definitely a good place to drop into for a few quick ones before a night out, but that's pretty much the only occasion.
1	Oh Rush. Rush came upon me like a bad pungent dream. But pungent with all the smells you would generally hope stayed in sewers, with rats playing in their fetid liquids. But no, these smells seem to have emigrated to Rush, where they now consort with drunk 18 year-olds. 18 year-olds drunk on their cheap mixers, and on snakebite. Never ever will this place be my cup of tea. I avoid it like the plague. Like a deadline. I have a very very sensitive sense of smell, and to be fair, I don't care how cheap their drinks are, I can't deal with standing in the constant smell of piss and cheap booze. But if that's what makes you happy, who am I to say otherwise. Go and consort with the cartoon-like nasty green smells.
5	Cheap cheap cheap drinks! 1 pound for shots, 1.5 for a mixed drink, every night!The have beer pong and Foosball...which I guess some people were playing strip Foosball to as there was a topless woman and naked man running around and away from the table.If you don't want to play games they have nice big couches by a giant tv that plays either reality TV or old cartoons (at least that's what they played when we were there) and who doesn't like that?You can also get drinks out of a fishbowl. If I come back to Edinburgh I'll do that for sure.
2	On a good night Rush is great fun, with 80's cartoons playing and cheap drinks, but the good nights are few and far between. Rush sadly attracts the "lads on tour" demographic who always seem to turn up here and instantly kill the fun atmosphere. Normally they make a b-line for the bar and the punching machine (not sure who thought a boxing bag in a bar was a good idea) they stay for a couple of drinks or until they strike out with any woman around then filter out, half an hour later the cycle repeats.See I like Rush but I am not a fan of who it attracts, in a social group it is fine and easy enough to ignore but it doesn't change the rather sad fact that no matter the night Rush will almost always get this sort of crowd.So to sum up Rush can be a great place (Open mike on a Monday is normally good), but more than likely it will be a disappointment...
