3	Topless bar, one of many in Vegas....nice size, since im a girl there was no cover, locals get discounts if not free, girls were pretty not so pretty, but friendly.  There wasnt enough females for the size of place.  Full bar though. Atmoshphere was comfotable, definitlely a good place to bring your girlfriend/wife if you want to boost her confidence. I was with 3 males, that were young & goodlooking considering the others, but Im guessing since we didnt feel anybody was worrth spending money on they didnt want any part...All i have to say is, "make me want to give you all my money, bitch!!"
3	As long as I lived here, I've never been here. As many times I've driven past. Even when I first moved here. Because...the name of a strip club...Play it Again Sam....Yea....Not really rolling off your tongue type of name. But they have food....Mmmmm Would you eat Fried Pickles at a strip club? Yea....who's pickles?What made me stop in was the amount of cars in the parking lot. Ok so locals are free. That's a plus...Drinks are cheap. Another Plus....I had Belvedere rocks for 6 somethin? That's not bad.There is gaming. However, service kinda sucked. I spent about sixty bucks in the video poker and 1 comped drink because the bartender is SSsssllooowww. What is he looking at too much ass? Because there's not a lot in there. Ok so I liked 4 of the girls there. Well plus the nerdy goth waitress....hehehe whatever...she wants some big Myke. Mwahaha....But no I didn't give it up. It's actually a cool locals joint - mostly people were there drinking and eating, chillin and talking. Not a bad place. I had to knock it for service and quality of girls. But then again. I don't think it's that kind of club. There are some perks. I mean it's not completely dark. Which is good - so the lapdances you're getting you can at least tell if it's Chewbacca or a random MAN. At least when you're getting a dance you're not like "oh your boobs on my face feel nice" er..."no that's my elbow you're feeling" Awkward....Hmmm. Definitely an experience to check it out.
2	When drinking, strip clubs sound great don't they? This one was down the street so i went. On a Friday night i expected it to be busy, it wasn't. It also didn't have the best talent walking around either. The girl on the stage looked intoxicated and didn't really do, much. She shimmed a bit. Now i'm a girl btw. So I'm no perv. But i could have done better up there. I did convince two girls two smile, helped one with her bra and made one girl's night by buying the horrible drink she recommended, Vodka tonic. A lap dance later from a busty at the seams woman named Daisy (yep i'll called her out) I wanted to drink somewhere else. Luckily I made it out with no viral diseases..
4	The parking lot at this local strip joint is always full, but the inside is never packed. The best time to come is during happy Hour where all drinks are half off ($3.50 beer) from 7am to 7pm. No cover charge and usually a nice bartender on hand as well. Yes the attractiveness of the women are not Rhino quality, but lately the crop of talent has been quite good. IT's been around for years and is one of only two or three strip joints where you can gamble. Most of the time, the girls aren't hovering around you like the Big Boys, but you can actually have a conversation and not be pressured to purchase a $20 dance (most of the time). The kitchen closed a few years ago and the Monday Night Football buffet usually leaves a bit to be desired, but overall this is a solid local strip joint with friendly dancers and a cool attitude and vibe to match. Last night there were about six or seven dancers and several of them had some crazy great moves on the pole and others had great moves in general. With the NBA finals on the TV or other sports , SAm's is always worthy of a visit at any time of the year.
1	This place is a dump! The girls are long past their prime and some never has a prime. I mean you actually want to give some of the girls  $$ to keep their tops ON.So when you drive by and see the sign at the corner of Spring Mountain and Wynn, KEEP DRIVING- do not stop unless you really, really want to waste your time and money.
3	It's a titty bar, across the street from dim-sum and around the corner from the shooting range. What more could you ask for? Actually, it feels more like a regular bar, which is good.
5	Love this place. Its definitely NOT your cheesy megaclub with 100+ girls that swarm you & hound you all night. It's the perfect combination of gentlemen's club meets little local bar. The staff is friendly & the atmosphere is relaxed.  There's a good variety of beautiful dancers: from straight-out-of-a-magazine model types to the curvier girl next door look. Another nice thing about the dancers is they aren't all bleached blonde, big fake boob valley girls: they have redheads, brunettes, blondes, white girls, black girls, Hispanic girls, Asian girls, etc. Sam's is off the strip, across from Chinatown. They have video gaming at the bar. Happy hour drink prices from 7a-7p. Free entry for locals. They don't serve food, but you can ask the waitress or door girl for a menu to have food delivered from one of the nearby restaurants. (Flamingo pizza seems to be a big hit lol) The stage is kind of cool because it has 2 poles. (Some of the girls are pretty good on the pole too). In addition to the couches for lap dances, they have VIP & fantasy room dances too. If you're looking for an off the strip local's-spot type gentlemen's club, definitely check it out.
1	Just left Sams. I am a local who comes here occasionally.Paid $20 for what turned out to be a 10 second dance. It was a complete ripoff. Do not go here!!!
5	Open 24 hours, gambling and topless entertainers...12 hours of happy hour...machines hit constantly great service all around from the moment you walk in the door cheers Las Vegas atmosphere.
5	Video poker, topless dancers, 7 am to 7pm happy hour, the DJ is amazing, best party location in Vegas...enough said
5	Service industry happy hour prices on Sunday is nice.Bartender is great.Drinks are cheap, but you need some PBR.Girls are nice and DO NOT Pressure you into dances.No cover.The perfect dive bar that has boobies. If you want to complain about the girls then go to the highend clubs, these girls are great for the location and price.I would suggest en
