1	Bueller...   ...Bueller...   ...Bueller?I engaged Valley Respiratory (VR) on July 5, 2013 for the purpose of purchasing a CPAP machine.  I hand delivered the prescription to their Mesa office that morning, giving them my home phone number.  Later that day they called and said they would get right on the job and set me up with a new set-up.  About a week later, not hearing anything from them, I called to get a status on my order.  Seems they needed the original sleep study report to fill the order.  OK, whatever.  I tell them that it was done at the Banner Sleep Study Center, 8 years ago in 2005.  OK, fine.  A week later I call VR up again, wondering what's going on.  They tell me that they haven't received the study yet, they're going to send another fax and could I call Banner Medical Records to facilitate getting the records.  OK, I call Banner and do as I'm asked.  A week later I call VR, again for a status and they tell me that Banner has no sleep study record for 2008.  "No, it was 8 years ago in 2005!" "Oh, OK, we'll have to send a new fax over".  We're now in the second week of August, and I'm getting pissed.  Rather than call VR yet again, I call an on-line CPAP supplier, based in Florida.  Here's a hint, it's for "CPAP", which it will "supply", in the "USA".  Make it all one word, add a dotcom and you're in business.  First phone call was on a Thursday, emailed a scanned copy of the prescription on Friday and received the order the following Thursday, 6 days; even faster if I expedited the shipping.  Faster than VR sending a fax to Banner, and at about 60% of the cost.Bottom line, Valley Respiratory customer service stinks.  Don't use them.  Ever.When VR management finally sees this and realizes that they have a problem, don't just respond to this Yelp post; have your customer service folks clean off all the outstanding orders from their desks, and follow up on all those files laying around.  You might eventually stumble across my folder.  When that happens I'll update this posting with the response date so everybody out there knows how boned-up your company is.  In the meantime VR, when you do call, you may go screw  yourselves.Update - October 28, 2013.  They finally called back, wanting to know if I still need a CPAP.  115 days since I first placed an order with them.  That says it all regarding their customer service.
5	I got excellent service from Valley Respiratory Services. They (two different technicians) did great work for me when I needed it.  VRS are trusted by my doctor, who is excellent. I will continue getting my supplies here. Bad reviews are a way to punish a business and should not be done lightly. Then we lose neighborhood services that we need and are excellent.
1	This place manages to have worse customer service than both the MVD and Walmart, which is pretty impressive.The lack of customer service coupled with world class apathy- makes me cringe. My experience has truly astonishing and I look forward to finding a different provider, ASAP.Long story short, I need routine respiratory supplies, and they are supposed to be mailed on a quarterly basis. For some reason in June I didn't get my supplies, but being super busy and working 60-80 hours a week, I didn't have time to call them. Flash forward to Sept (give or take) and I called asking where my items were. I was told that there was a computer glitch and my new address wasn't the one being used for mailing. No problem, things happen- they said they would fix it and send over what I needed.Fast forward to October, and I still don't have the stuff. I continue to make do with my old stuff, and then remember to call Valley Respiratory and ask what's up. The person there was nice and said that she didn't know why I didn't get my order, it was never shipped- but she would send it out. I never got that shipment either, but with the busy holidays I didn't get a chance to call until Nov/Dec. I again spoke with an employee who said she would mail it out, and also let me know that in Jan I would start receiving my stuff three months worth at a time. I never received anything until the end of Dec, when I got the three months supply that is for Jan-March. I have no idea what happened from June-Dec, but eight months passed without supplies, and all the while my insurance company was being billed, and they paid for supplies I never received.I called today and spoke with a nice RT, who put me on hold, and a new person, whom I presume was a supervisor spoke with me. This person was very condescending and essentially shit all over me. It's worth noting that I am very laid back and I don't get upset or yell, or any other douchey behavior. I can't help but see that people who tantrum get more when they encounter these situations, but that's not me, so I tried to explain what happened and asked her to mail me my supplies, that were still missing since June. This woman was clearly annoyed and said that I should have called them and told them about the problem. I reminded her that I had called several times since June, and was still waiting. The woman told me that "normal people" call sooner, and that I had a month from the time they were supposed to ship it, to call and advise them that I never got the package. I am unsure how I am supposed to know when they are sending me things, when  they are eight months late in sending me my last supplies. Perhaps I should employ a psychic? I asked her how they could bill my insurance for things that I never receive, and she essentially said that they don't know I didn't receive them. So now I am a liar too, which is nice.  All in all, I don't think you should have to micro-manage a company who is supposed to have their act together. Mistakes will happen, and that's ok, but when a mistake does happen, don't treat your customers like shit, and tell them that they are doing it all wrong. The bigger issue is that when I am telling them I never received the shipment, I am told that it must have been stolen. I told her that since I hadn't received my supplies in 8 months, a more likely scenario is that they never sent it, but she said that it had been sent. So miraculously, all my Amazon.com packages were safe from the roving thieves pillaging my neighborhood, but a small, light box from them was stolen? Uhh, ok- that makes sense.To recap, it's forgivable to mess up shipping something, but it is unforgivable to treat a customer so poorly, and to bill for items that were never shipped or received. I highly recommend you go elsewhere, save yourself headaches, time, and energy.
1	I used this company for two years for medical supplies and my experience was terrible. Note that I can buy most of the supplies I used to get through them online through Amazon and ebay for the same price or cheaper than what they billed me *after* billing my insurance; it's worth shopping around. If you choose to buy from them, I urge you to tape record any calls you have with customer service and save all documents. At first I thought they were great-- they came to my house and set up my equipment, and they told me they were there to support me 100% in adjusting to the sleep apnea therapy.  It ended there, and I never got a house call again and rarely got decent customer care.  When I called to ask about problems I was having, like my nose itching under the mask, (which I found through sleep apnea support forums were common problems), they told me they'd never heard of anything like it.  Then, my machine shorted out while it was still under warranty. They told me they would send it in to get it replaced. They lent me a machine in the meantime that was an older, larger model that was difficult to carry through the airport during my frequent business travel. When I called back to check on the progress, I was rudely told I had to keep the machine they lent me and that I didn't get a choice in which machine I purchased, even though I explained that carrying the heavy machine aggravated my neck injury. I was able to get the newer model that I originally purchased, but it was an unnecessary fight.  Next, I was incorrectly billed several times, and I had to spend hours on the phone with them and my insurance company to get it sorted out. Also, I called to complain that the mask was damaging the skin on my face, and they told me that no such thing ever happens.  It turns out it's a relatively common problem, and there are cloth sleep apnea masks on the market for people who suffer from skin problems-- they just don't sell them at VR. This simply doesn't match their motto of 'putting the patient first'.  Recently, I had a small plastic piece that should have been firmly embedded in the mask fly off of it at night; my husband and I ransacked the room and couldn't find it anywhere. I called to inquire about getting it replaced under warranty because the mask malfunctioned and the piece was irretrievable. They literally told me there was no warranty for people who lose things, as though I had intentionally lost the piece.  So I taped the mask together and waited for three months until I could buy a new one with my insurance. Then they sent me the wrong mask, even though I read the product number to the customer service agent and confirmed my size with her. I asked if I could simply return it and offered to pay for the shipping myself. The manager agreed. It arrived the next day-- I have the USPS confirmation. I called a week later to inquire about my refund. They said the warehouse hadn't processed it yet. I heard nothing for a month and a half. I called, and they claimed I never mailed the supplies.  I told them it arrived March 4 multiple times, and the woman tried to tell me I sent it to the wrong address because they moved, so it was my fault.  Then I asked when they moved, and she said mid-April, even though I'd already told her it arrived March 4. That seems to me to be placing false blame. They were supposed to call me back the next day and didn't. Every time I call them they hang up on me when they put me on hold. I called back the following day and talked to someone understanding and competent.  Looks like I will get my money back eventually because I saved the confirmation from the postal service, but I'm still waiting. Please use a different company or buy supplies online to save yourself from this hassle. The sleep apnea forums are much more helpful for adjusting to therapy than the VR respiratory therapists. Their attitude every time I had a problem with the therapy was that I should just tell my brain to keep breathing at night and none of this would ever happen to me.
