5	My washing machine went out last week.  It was filling with water, and not agitating.  I tried every online home remedy possible, and finally started looking up replacement parts from the model number.Manufacture date: 1975.Ooookay, forget trying to fix it.  Time for a new washer.I didn't know what to expect buying my first washer (my museum piece came with the house I bought), and more importantly, I was worried that if I buy a new washer, what happens to the old one?  Am I going to have to store it on the side of my house like some small backwoods town?  Should I go ahead and complete the visual effect with some half-clothed children running around the front of my house next to a car on cinder blocks?  Do I need to give myself three first names now?None of this came to pass, thanks to Harry.Harry, who was running the home appliance section was easy to talk to, marveled at my 35-year old period piece, and told me which washer would be the best fit for my needs and my budget.  I was trying to remember the type of connector cables I needed, and he recommended them to me no problem.Best of all are the "free" parts: Free next day delivery, free installation, free removal of previous appliance.  The service delivery was top-notch: On time, very communicative, easy to work with, and fast.  A very painless experience.So now my brand new washer sits next to my 35 year old dryer (It was a set, you see).  When the day comes that the dryer fades into the grey veil of obsolescence, at least I know replacing it will only take a few minutes and a small dent to my wallet.
3	Here's the deal, you walk into Lowes and the first thing you want to do is figure out where the stuff your looking for is located.  So, there they are, Lowes employees in their fancy red vests, walking around like lemmings with their head down (this way they don't have to make eye contact), focusing their energy on some bullshit task, instead of trying to help a customer.  At this point I want to commit hardware suicide, but I persevere.  When you ask someone a question they look at you like your a retard, given the neighborhood I live in , it's quite possible that they are correct, but I should not digress.  The only difference between Home Depot and Lowe's is about 4-5 city blocks, that being said, they are the same.I remember the good old days ( their really no such thing, but it sounds good to say) when people in hardware stores were actually interested in helping you, instead of stocking the shelves and going on with their mundane lives.  Don't get me wrong, overall Lowes does a pretty good job of helping you find what you are looking for, or giving you some great professional advice, but it's hit and miss, and that's the bone I have to pick with them.   I can remember standing in an aisle waiting to spend a lot of cash, and not being able to find one person to help me, that really puts a knot in my undies.  Lowes and Home Depot came onto the retail scene when the big box concept of retail had become popular. Like Blockbuster, I wonder if they will quickly become extinct.  I can order so many better products on line when it comes to the bigger ticket items, but I guess if I need Gorilla glue to glue my eye lids shut, I'll still have to go to Lowes or Home Depot.Of course, I forgot to mention the Blue Rhino gig, need my propane fix to do the barby.  Big box retail hardware stores are going to go by the way of the do do bird, mark my words.
1	if it were possible to give this 0 stars, i would.  and i'm not the kind to post a bad review after a visit or two.  this is dozens and dozens of visits, because i don't have a home depot close to me, i am forced to go to lowes.  time and time again i get the worst service anywhere.  employees don't care about anything except when they're going on break.  there is no attention to detail of any kind, sarcasm and general disdain for their jobs.  employees at these stores are horrible, generally speaking.  they just don't care, they don't know about the products... disaster.  management apparently is unaware as well, since it's going on so wide-spread.home depot in las vegas has consistently the best service.sorry to say.  gave lowes a LOT of chances.
4	Like I said in my previous review of the other Lowe's store on eastern, I much prefer Lowe's stores to Home Depot, though I know that there a few similarities (warehouse feel, cement floor, long aisles, etc.). This store is closer to our home and thus, more convenient.  We were in the area (on saturday), and wanted to see if we could find the recessed toilet paper roll holder for our bathroom that we are currently in the process of remodeling (original 1950s horrendous- mint green, pink, and black tile with white paint). We did. We had the option of shiny silvertone or white, so we chose the white one (since we went with brushed nickel for the rod, towel bars, hardware, and hooks- we're trying to streamline and simplify). We pretty much stayed in the Fashion Bath department of the store. It was saturday afternoon, but it wasn't crowded at all. Great options, various price ranges, which is helpful for the homeowners here in the Las Vegas valley.
4	Parking is no good. Went in to look at appliances and got a great deal. Worked with Harry in appliances and went from looking to buy entire new kitchen. He worked out the best deal in town including washer dryer, refrigerator, dishwasher, oven and microwave built in. I shopped all over and this was best package deal. The only bad thing was a longgggg wait on refrigerator on back order. Their in house delivery crew was top notch and professional. Will buy more from them and see Harry he really takes good care of the customer ie me. Thanks
1	Get out of the business Lowes!  Home Depot knows what they are doing so get out of their way.Sound harsh?  read on then judge for your'e self.I manage 3 4 plex apartments here in las vegas, and needed 2 sets of counter tops for 2 units that I was quoted 1/2 of what Home Depot wanted.  Time was critical these units are being rented by two families that live in their cars currently because they are down on their luck.  (my employer is very generous and rehabs units for low income housing giving people a second chance)I went to Lowes on w. charleston and the price was more than 2x what i was quoted on the phone.  I was in a hurry so I ordered them and was assured they would be there on 6-13.  I called 6-13 told they were not in and called 6-14, & 6-15 again told they were not in.  Turns out they were in the whole time but the employees were too lazy too look on the back of the counters to see who they belonged to.When Lowes finally found the counters they had made a mistake and ordered the wrong size they were both too short.6-26 Lowes has the counters in and they are too short a second time.  Store manager  Ben is supremely disinterested and I am pushed off to the counter top guy again.  I explain I need the counter top 8' not 7' he seems to understand this time.  6-27 Lowes calls to take measurements themselves because they still haven't ordered the right size yet!  I met counter top guy on site show him I need 8', he leaves assures me he will order as soon as he gets back to store.6-28 4:30 pm (today) I get call from Lowes they screwed up the credit card charge and haven't ordered the tops yet!Meanwhile I have 2 families living in their cars waiting on counter tops so the county will let them move in and Lowes can't seem to get it together!As if this wasn't enough, I was assured that the area manager Lary Ednes from Lowes would call to help me out with this problem.  Well Larry, its been 3 days and counting; each day I'm assured by your office i will receive a call that day and nothing.Helloooo?  Lowes,? is anybody home?Lowes your slogan is "Lowes never stop improving".  Well when are you going to start?
3	Cellophane Mr. Cellophane should've been my name 'cause they can look right through me walk right by me and don't even know I'm there!I used to like Lowe's more than the other hardware stores because of the service but I'm  sad to say that I'm shooting down stars away because of exactly the opposite kind of service. After waiting forever at the paint department and finally getting some help just to be wishing I would've still been waiting instead since the help was more painful than the wait. I was trying to find an old paint that I used before, I brought the old can to make it easier for them and the lady said that they didn't had that paint anymore.... What? What about that new program "my Lowe's" where they remember the paints that you had previously purchased so you don't have to go through what I'm going through right now? You just tell them "we don't make that any more"!? This is a common color I was looking for! Is not like I was asking for weird colors like vomit green, Yellow snow, or pearl necklace color, all I wanted was some paint that I had previously purchased there. Finally as I was about to turn Hulk green, shift change happened and so did service. It was obvious that the previous girl didn't know about colors past fifty shades of grey. the new girl game the paint that I was looking for, I paid the cashier and I was on my way to paint my house fun blonde.      I should've got black! ....you know that saying...
3	It's like a blue Home Depot, just backwards.
2	Lowes will always be the copy cat box hardware store in my book. I just have a much better experience with the service and selection at home depot.
4	My boyfriend is always in need of tools and odds and ends from here so I always tag along. I always find myself lost in the gardening section looking for a new plant for the home - they have a great selection of indoor plants as well as outdoor plants in all sorts of sizes. They also have a pretty decent selection on fabric window curtains with many different styles and designs. A lot of the designs are trendy and fresh. You can also find random functional stuff for the home, such as a garage parking sensor that changes colors (red/yellow/green) so you won't crash into the wall lol. We bought that here and it works wonders!
1	Do not order service from this store.Abysmal customer service from the install sales team.They installed a 2 brand new HVAC units on the roof of our duplex.They had to cut into our (NON LEAKING) roof to install it.It leaked.It's Las Vegas - you don't find these things out until a really heavy monsoon. We found out less than a year after install. It leaked in both places where they cut the holes for the return ducts. We reported it and the installer came out and supposedly fixed the leaks.Another year goes by before another truly heavy monsoon. And the roof is still leaking in the same place on one of the units!!! We call again. This time, it takes over a week to get a customer service person out to look at it. Lowes says the labor is not warranteed after the first year. AND most importantly - THEY HAVE LOST THE RECORD of our reporting THE LEAK the first time around WITHIN the year warrantee period. To top this off - the company Lowes contracted with, Phoenix Air, has gone out of business!Lowes, you really really suck.
4	Lowes to the rescue!I needed some stuff to help repair my car, and Lowe's had it.It's similar to Home Depot and has an excellent selection, helpful employees and fair pricing.I think it's always nice to have a store like this when you need to make repairs, improvements or just need stuff for function, aesthetics or as a utility for the home or any other situation.Parking is easy, also I bought some bottled water with the CA Redemption label, yet since it's in NV was not charged the $0.05 per bottle, so let's see if, now in CA that I can't collect that free redemption value! :)  - - I think there was a Seinfeld episode about this and Kramer's antics to recycle across a state line for profiteering... 'nuff said!
4	This store definitely has the worst customer service I've ever encountered - employees are uninformed, unhelpful, rude, and ocassionally liars (if they say a machine, like the pipe cutter, is broken don't believe them!). It is the closest large store, though, and sometimes they're the only one that has something I need - the best thing I've figured out is to find the two or three employees that actually care about the place (they're usually older, and can be recognized by their offering of help) and always go to them with a question. There's a guy in lighting especially he will tell you to go to a person in the department you need, but express that you need a person that helps, not the one assigned to the department desparately trying to look too busy to help.
5	If you like to garden (buy plants) this place is great! They guarantee their plants for 1 year. This gives you a chance to see what plants can tolerate conditions in different parts of your yard. If you return a dead plant and want to replace it with the same plant or one of equal value they make the process simple.
