2	I work in South Side Works and occasionally stop by this store. My biggest issue with the shop is how aloof the associates are. I recently dropped by with a friend seeking a formal dress for a high-end country club wedding, and we were barely even greeted. Since she matched the target demographic perfectly (tall, thin, 20s, money to spend), I guess the associates really don't make an effort for anyone....
1	I am really irritated with this store.I had a really bad experience at this BCBG Pittsburgh PA location.  I went shopping right after Christmas, when there was a huge sale.  The clerk had told me there was a 30% off, 50% off, and 70% off sale.  So,  I bought 3 items, which qualified me for a 70% off discount.  Which is also the reason I bought 3 items.  Because I usually can't afford to shop at BCBG Pittsburgh PA.With that said, when I went to check out - there was a lady in front of me that was having some kind of issue.  Every clerk in the store was catering to this lady.  I waited in line for 15 minutes while this lady pulled out her ID, credit cards, left the store for some un-known reason (probably to run to an ATM) .  Nobody even acknowledged there was 3 of waiting to pay for our clothes.  The crazy lady then returned, sobbing and on her cell phone.  About 20 minutes later, someone makes the executive decision to ring me, my mom, and my aunt out.  THANKS .  We check out.  I get home and realize I never even received the 70% off discount that was advertised all over the store, and by word via the sales associate at the door.  I tried to reconcile this with the store, and through my credit card company.  I was unsuccessful.  Thanks BCBG Pittsburgh for not only giving myself and my family members a terrible shopping experience, but also ripping us off!  I only bought over-priced clothes because of the discount.  And then I didn't even get the discount !
5	Had short notice to find a gown for a black tie New Years event and was having no luck finding anything in the Pittsburgh area. I have serious issues finding dresses that fit me and Matty went out of her way to help me and at some point or another all the ladies in the store were joining in, too. Truly excellent customer service, gorgeous gowns and reasonable prices for designer evening wear. I am so glad this store came to the South Side.
