5	Nice, spacious Crossfit facility located in the lobby of The Springs Church. Coach Dairus Barnes and Jarom Prows were awesome to give my Coach and I a new training home (after being ousted aka training times cut from our previous facility) back in July. We're stoked to represent them through sponsorship! As I've said many, many times, I'm not a "Crossfitter". I simply use their bumper plates and bars to train for hammer throw.However, the programming at CFC seems to be exceptional. There's a great community of people that train at this box that have welcomed Coach and I with open arms.  I truly enjoy working out with this group of people and look forward to Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday! Coach Dairus is a riot, and I forgive him for being a CU Buff fan. Frequent "Outside of the Box" WODs (Workout of the Day) on certain Saturdays: Think hiking, volleyball at the park, etc. Don't forget team happy hour at Zipps from time to time! Oh so Olympic Lifts are complicated and dangerous? Yes, but never fear! Coach Shawn Hanrahan (my coach!) regularly puts on weekend 3 hour, hands on Olympic Lifting Seminars. He's been doing this for years, USAW Certified, trained by Meg Ritchie (look it up). Also a top Masters Olympic Lifter. Boom!You won't find the monstrous egos you'll find at other CrossFit affiliates throughout the Valley. *ahem!*In fact, some of the lowest tuition rates can be found here. I believe it's $75-$95 a month for unlimited classes. The only complaint I have is no squat racks are here . . . yet! If you want to improve your quality of life through functional fitness, climb off that couch and ditch your fast food runs! Come check out CrossFit Crew today and have a chat with Coach Dairus.
5	I've been a member for over a year now. Love this place. Great coaches, great people. It's in the Springs Church, so the atmosphere is low key , no guys taking off their "blouses", nobody Is cursing, screaming or yelling and no creeps or jerks.We are a family and watch out for each other, probably the most female friendly gym I have ever been to. Best part about CrossFit is that it is scaled so EVERYBODY can do it, and I mean everyone from kids to seniors.I have really seen some serious life changes in here, I believe people do so well here because of the super supportive atmosphere, everybody cheers everyone on. People here really do want to see you accel and will help you reach your goals in many ways.Workouts are fast and usually pretty short rarely over 20 minutes in an hour class, the rest is warm up, stretching, skill learning, instruction and safety...CrossFit curious? Come check it out, challenge yourself, first workout is always free.Some of the lowest CrossFit rates around.Military and other discount rates too.
4	The Crew is supportive and the atmosphere is fun. The coaches have clinics at their gym once a month and they've attended mine. A humble, willing-to-learn coach is a good coach.
5	This place is amazing!  I found Crossfit Crew last fall after researching lots of crossfit boxes in the East Valley.  I was new to Crossfit and didn't want to walk into a gym full of meatheads and feel totally out of my element.  The coaches and other members of Crossfit Crew are unbelievably welcoming!  I felt at home from my first workout.  4 months later, and I still love it!  I went from going to the gym a few times a week and not really pushing myself very hard to really finding that competitiveness in myself and thriving on the hard workouts.  Every workout is hard, and every workout is fantastic!  In 4 months, I see so many positive changes in myself, and I find myself totally addicted to coming here!
