4	With the probability of being caught between houses looming large, we decided to rent a nearby storage unit. An online search revealed that the U-Store-It on Washington was competitively priced, especially because we didn't require climate control. I reserved online, and promptly got a call from the very nice manager, Alicia. I stopped by later that afternoon to fill out the paperwork. Insurance (at a minimum of $8 a month) is mandatory since their competition down the road had a huge fire (started by a pissed off girlfriend) and only 4 of their customers had been insured- everyone else just lost everything. They also require disk locks, but they offer two brands there, one for about $7 and another for $13. The 10x20 unit we rented will be $157 with everything included- next month. Be sure to mention the "First Month Free" deal and they will give it to you. The unit itself has a light and two 3-prong electrical outlets, and was very clean. The owner lives in an apartment on site, and there are security cameras, razor-wire fences, and individual pin-code gate control upon both entry and exit for security. Minus one star for narrow pathways- two normal sized vehicles can pass each other carefully, but we found ourselves trapped in several aisles by oversized trucks with trailers. Normal access hours are 6am to 10 pm, but if 24-hour access is needed, you can just ask the owner ahead of time, and you can do so. I was left with the impression that this place is responsible and well-run.
1	AVOID! Unless, of course, you want a whole bunch of your possessions ruined by water that leaks through the roof and down the back wall of your unit. Unless, of course, you don't mind dealing with employees who truly don't give a shit about you and your ruined possessions. Sure, we took out the insurance. But have we actually gotten to speak to someone yet about our ruined property a week later? No. We stopped by today to get our lock and close the rental agreement. No one was there. Apparently they feel it's ok to take an hour and a half lunch when they are only open from 8 to 5 on Saturdays, because, after all, who gives a shit about customer service? Not U-Store-it, that's for sure. Oh, and their "Courtesy Phone" right next to the office door? The one that you can call and speak to someone when the office is closed? Yeah, it dials and then immediately hangs up. Over and over again. I know because I tried several times.So screw you, U-Store-it. My initial positive impression has only made me angrier.
1	Buyer beware! I rented space here more than a year ago, after moving here from out of state, and down sizing. I needed a long term, affordable rental. After comparing rates, I chose CubeSmart. I was required to take out insurance because of the potential for flooding during the monsoon season. And instructed on how to pack my storage to avoid flooding. Having done all of that, after this summers historic rain, my unit still flooded. Everything stored on the ground was ruined. Even some items higher up were damaged. The water easily reached the back of the unit, and 9 to 12 inches high, according to the watermarks. That insurance I was "required" to have, covered nothing! My items are all now stored 2 ft. off the ground on pallets and cinder blocks. I'd have moved to another facility all together if it weren't such a hassle.
1	Not only will your stuff get ruined because of the floods, they lock the garbage and the bathrooms 24/7. The main storage where the office is located has too small of turns for any large vehicle to get through. Unless your rate is half of anywhere else, avoid this place!  Also, anytime you go to the office for help of any kind, they have a little sign saying out of office. Extremely hard to get anything done. I was here a week waiting for a lightbulb before I finally was told by the manager to wire it myself.
