5	Although they have been around for decades, I did not learn about them until about 6 or so years ago.  Wonderful Mother/Daughter traditional and authentic (no sour cream) reliable food, in a small building with good parking.  There are sometimes more take-out customers waiting for their "fix" than people at the restaurant.  Note: to spicy-avoiders their salsa is a bit tangy for the non-heat lovers.  Everything is prepared as you order, so be patient.  I am also a huge fan of Tia Rosa's in Mesa with a totally different take on the Mexican menu, so it is not just the fact Elvira's is Mexican.
5	I like bean and cheese burritos.  I haven't tried any other food at Elvira's but the bean and cheese because they're so good.  I always do take-out orders and they're always friendly on the phone and quick with my order.  I don't live close, but I work just down the street, so it's a good place to go for lunch.If you're looking for a recommendation, this is it.  I'd pick Elvira's over any place.
3	This place, according to what I have heard, was supposed to be like Globe-Miami mexican food.  So Megan and I make the trek out there, it's in AJ and we live in West Mesa, so it's quite the drive.   We are so excited., as I grew up in Globe and hardly ever get up there anymore.  And I LOVE the mexican food.  Irene's, Chalos, Libby's El Rey, etc.   It looks like a Globe place, and the people in there defintely have that small town Globe hick look about them too.  The food......just ok.  What was weird is that the taco meat was nice and warm, but the taco shell was cold.  For god's sake, heat up your taco shells, Elvira!  Megan got a combination bean and green chili burro enchilada style, and I got a combination red chili and bean burro enchilada style.  Both had one taco.  They were....ok.  Service was great though.  Not worth the trek though, won't go back.
1	Dined here on the recommendation of a neighbor.  The food was bland, boring and overpriced. By the time I finished my food there was a little pool of water from the lettuce and my tostada was stacked on top of the other food on the plate.
1	We've lived in AJ for 12 years and was wondering why we hadn't  eaten at Elvira's since we first moved out here.  Now we remember....the food is terrible, chimi  (straight from a grocery store frozen food section) with no cheese, had to ask for the Guacamole and than wished we hadn't.  It was runny and made from a powder I'm sure.  The soft taco was just a uncooked, oil soaked corn tortilla that they charge you $.75 extra for.  My husband took one bite and that was all he could handle.  The food is bland and tasteless and over priced for what you get.  It may not  have been over priced if it was good or even average. Now lets get to the service...there wasn''t any.  We had to beg for silverware after we got our food.  It took forever to get waited on, forever to get our food, even forever to pay the bill.  There were 4 waitresses (the place only has 13 tables.) and it didn't think a one of them knew what they were doing except the girl with the pink hair.  I've been waiting for AJ to get a good restaurant for years..... and it seems my wait is not over.
4	This place is old but the food was awesome. The service was ok.
4	This place is definitely a mom and pop kind of shop and that's how I like them!When you pull up you can tell it looks like a run down place and a lot of construction to the building is still being done, but don't let that fool you! It's a very small space, cheap seats, but we had a great waitress! She was an older lady and had a outstanding personality.The food was good, it was a bit spicey at first, but you get used to it! It's a little on the pricey side, I had ordered just a bean burrito with enchilada sauce, and it was $6.00, but this place is still worth going to once if you haven't been!
3	Good Food , new addition being built should really be nice when done, Then they will have a bar and patio, Hope the margaritas are good might become a regular.
3	What to say here, love the small town feel but that's where I'll draw the line. The food is bland " and because everything is made fresh you could wait over 45 min to get it". And then you get the breakfast menu, well the biscuits & gravy are awesome, unfortunately this is a Mexican food joint.
3	The chips and salsa were awesome, the salsa had good heat to it.  I got the taco platter.  It was alright, nothing special.
2	We were very excited to go to Elvira's this evening! It was a beautiful 80* and we'd waited  with anticipation as they remodeled. We decided this was the night for our first visit.We parked in the lovely back parking lot, walked by the beautiful patio and excitedly entered the building. Little did we know, but that's where the fairy tale ends.We asked the underwhelmed hostess if we could sit outside, 'We aren't seating outside,' she responded. We sucked it up and agreed to sit inside the beautifully remodeled building. The restaurant was nearly empty yet she tried to seat us at a table right by the hostess stand and kitchen door. We asked for a booth so we were seated at a booth created for no human with the booths so far from the table that we finally decided to pull the table toward one side of the booth and sit as 'same siders.' If their policy is to fill up the worst tables first I highly recommend they change that policy as no guest wants to know they are in a beautifully remodeled restaurant with a fabulous outdoor area and yet are given the choice of 2 places to sit, the bad table or the worse booth.We ordered 2 waters with lime and 2 draft beers that were listed on their menu under the draft beer heading, even pointing at our selection to be sure. We were brought 2 waters with lemon and 2 bottles of beer. We tried to stay positive with the lemon/lime mix up as the language barrier  could have been the problem. We sent back the bottled beer for a brand she assured us they did have on draft. Lo and behold she came back 10 minutes later to tell us that they do not have draft beer.After being there for at least 20 minutes it finally occurred to us that that the beautiful evening sitting at the foot of the Superstition Mountains drinking a cold draft beer and eating great mexican food was probably not in our future so we did something we've never done, we politely left. I am an AJ resident and a foodie and I am determined that AJ CAN HAVE GOOD FOOD EXPERIENCES! Please Elvira's step up your game, we will be glad to give it another chance!
2	We first went this restaurant about 10 years ago and had not returned until today. It my be another 10 years before we go back. On the positive side the interior of the restaurant is very nice, the chips are ok, and the waitress we has was ok.  On the minus side the salsa was hot with no alternative, the tacos were bland, and the enchiladas were very spicy. Three shredded tacos were $9.50  with no rice or beans. La Casita, Los gringos , and  Filibertos are all better choices in The Apache Junction area
4	My favorite for twenty plus years. I was really excited when I saw that it was beautifully remodeled and reopened. Prices are understandably higher now. I really don't think the food is as good I remember, but I will still be a steady customer.
4	Fellow hikers and I stopped at Elvira's Mexican Food on a recent Saturday after a hike up Gold Canyon to see the petroglyphs. Mexican is one of my favorite food groups, so I won't say "no" to trying a new place! (And certainly not after just having torched 1,019 calories hiking before lunch...)We arrived right around lunch time and were quickly accommodated with tables and chairs pulled together for our group. The interior decor is very bright and colorful; we found ourselves looking around at all the different art. I ordered the green chile beef chimichanga with double rice (no beans). The green chile gave it a different taste than I'm used to, but it was really good. The added guacamole and sour cream made for a perfect combination. The chips and salsa were excellent too. The restrooms are one-holers, so if you have a group who, say, just came from hiking Gold Canyon and say, all have to go the bathroom, well...make sure you get in the door first. We had great service, and it wasn't too crowded on a Saturday for lunch. I recommend this place!
4	Second time this winter season that we have eaten there!  Food is good, chips crisp and the service was very good.  Salsa was tasty but weak, but adding some of the red hot sauce from the squeeze bottle at the table allowed us to make it as hot as we wanted!  Nice touch.  Service was fast and we were checked by the waitress several time to make sure every thing was right.  Other staff wandering by also asked if we needed anything or cleared plates.  All in all a good visit.  I'm sure we will be back before leaving the area.
1	Went to this restraunt it was terrible.  Service was horrible I think her name was Denice.  Food was very dry not to mention when I got home and all this morning I have been sick.
5	Great food. Chips and salsa were delish. Carnitas were authentic and the waitress was on the money. Will be back for sure
5	This place would be awesome possum to go to when ur in town. I love how its nice and colorful inside . The workers there are nice and friendly with good service. The price are well priced . I would totally come here again.
4	Wonderful garlicky hot sauce has been on those tables for decades.  You can buy that stuff by the pint or half pint and I have done that in the past as I'm leaving.  Back in the day they wouldn't serve sour cream because it was not authentic (I notice they do now).  Their fried ground beef tacos are slightly different than what most are used to-----in a good way.  I'm not a fan of their relleno, but their enchiladas and beans have that bad-for-you great taste that I look for in Mexican fare.  Big iced teas!
1	So I tried the "new" Elvira's.  The new place is very bright and colorful, clean, nice place.  I really like the decor, but I'm afraid you just can't make a silk purse out of a sows ear.  Although our waitress was pleasant and worked hard, you could tell she was not getting much help.  I don't know what the problem was.  There are only about 15 tables and the place seems to be in complete confusion.  There were 3 or 4 waitresses, 3 to 4 bus people, one guy that helping and the rudest bartender I have ever come across.  Our waitress was running her butt off.  Our food came out in a timely fashion. THe atmosphere was just "uneasy" cause of all the confusion.  The food was kind of like Taco Bell without flavor.  Ok, I can live with that, after all, it is AJ.  We ordered Margarita and a Tom Collins.  THe margarita was your basic amateur margarita. Tequila and margarita mix.  Totally drinkable but the tom collins was a short glass, VODKA with a splash or club soda and sprite???  Oh, and don't forget the bug. A small black bug floating in it. I scooped it out, this is Az and bugs get into stuff,  but what I didn't like was the drink so I sent it back in exchange for a margarita.  That's when this ridicules "bartender" (and I use that term loosely)  came out and asked me in a very rude tone "what did I think was in a tom collins." rolled her eyes and left.  Absolutely unbelievable, we won't be back, and when I'm asked about places to eat in AJ, which I often am being a local, I will tell Elvira's is not the place to go!
5	The staff was great today... I messed up when I ordered my burrito...they fixed it without any issues. We both had great burritos...chicken and shredded beef enchilada style.
3	Food was great, servers were marginal, but it took almost an hour to get our food.  Unacceptable for Mexican food.  Wasn't very busy.  Atmosphere was nice.
3	The food was great but the service was not nearly as good as the food. I'm pretty sure the staff did not want to be there. Next time I'll just order take out.
2	So sad to say that Elvira's will be taken out of the rotation.  While the food is ok, well on the better side of most Mexican food places I've been to in Arizona.  We have been there 5 or 6 times.  The margaritas are good for the prices, but the service is terrible.I really want to support local business but the last 3 times the service was unbearable.  Part of the problem at least during the week is the bartender doubles as a waitress, so between her tables she can make drinks.  Seriously the last time it was 25 minutes before we had water or chips, or drinks.  Total time on a Wednesday was over an hour it took so long I didn't bother ordering a second margarita.  My other big issue is followup.  We almost have to tackle the waitress to get a second drink.  I guess they don't know the tip is based on the total check.  It maybe a AJ thing you do see people with water only or soft drinks, but you would think for people ordering drinks they are going to spend more they would get ok service but sadly NOT!!!Thankfully handlebars is right down the street ..
4	Beautiful new place. We were seated promptly and water drinks chips and amazing  freshly made salsa brought right away. We ordered and had our food within 10 minutes. Wait staff was friendly and professional. Food was hot and delicious. Prices were very reasonable .  A great spot for a good appetite after hiking.
4	One evening I ate at one of Phoenix's most noted Mexican establishments.  The next day I had lunch at Elvira's.  It must have been a bad evening for the chef because I liked the food at Elvira's much more.  Enjoyed the chips and salsa, the spinach enchiladas were kitchen-hot and well assembled.  The beans and rice were a good compliment.  Dining on the patio was excellent on that balmy afternoon.  I'd go again.
4	Food was really good and it comes pretty close to being authentic. The grande nachos are huge and the mini chimmis are amazing. The margaritas were pretty awesome. I definitely recommend this place if you are in aj
5	Absolutely one of the best Mexican joints around and the staff is amazing We drove far to get there and they were closed but they reopened for us! With all staff waiting on us. The margaritas are the best and service is top notch. If your in AJ go here!!
5	Best Mexican restaurant! Food is great, margaritas are perfect, amazing service, and the owner is the nicest guy you will ever meet! Never going anywhere but here!
5	Since Serrano ' s Mexican Restaurant chain ...quality and food plummeted  downhill .. This has to be what Mexican food is supposed to taste like. HOMEMADE SALSA.....Fantastic.. A bit of a wait at times...but quality food takes time.
5	Food was delicious, prices were great especially at happy hour and staff Barbara and PJ made our adventure here awesome!! Highly recommended!
5	Food was great! PJ and Barbara were fun, witty, and fantastic!  We (3 gals from Minnesota and Wisconsin) were in town for a fun girls week. We went to happy hour from 3-6 for the 3$ margaritas. They were great and the appetizers were delicious!  I would definitely come back again! A cute atmosphere as well. Inexpensive and worth the drive into Apache Junction. Right across from Walmart
3	Chips are excellent!  Salsa is good and the hot salsa in the bottle is excellent. My wife ordered the fajita quesadilla and I got the beef Fajits. We were seated quickly and our waitress has been wonderful. Unfortunately the food is lacking greatly in seasoning. Great service great people just bad food.
5	Fantastic food, beautiful refreshing atmosphere, great service, very reasonable prices! We visited Elvira's twice when we were in town we liked it so much. I've had Mexican food all over Arizona, California, New Mexico, Nevada and Colorado ... and Elvira's is now one of my favorites. The most surprising thing is that it's in Apache Junction which has little good Mexican food to be found. We'll certainly be back!
5	The newly remodeled restaurant is great but noisy.  There is a sitting area outside  that is quieter.  They could use some improved acoustics inside..  The food was good, hot and reasonably priced and didn't take too long to prepare.  I would go again.  We went for breakfast and really enjoyed it.
1	We really wanted to like this place! Love the story, love the remodel, dislike the bland unauthentic food. Really poor food quality,Sorry but this place is a no go!!! Slow service for dinner and my carne was inedible, sent it back and received another chewy tasteless piece of leather.
3	Recently came for lunch to give it a try since the renovations and new owners. We came for lunch on Halloween day. We gave our name to the hostess and she told us it would be a 20 minute wait because they only had two servers on. Resturant was not full but for two servers, it was a lot and I didn't mind waiting for table; rather than being sat and having slow service/ bad service. There were others waiting as well, that were ahead of us. I was excited to sit down and order, seemed like everyone was really enjoying it. Then two men came in, went to hostess stand and a server came up and took them to a table. A couple came in behind them and server also sat them. It was obvious the people sitting in waiting  area by door and others standing were waiting on a table but she didn't seem to ask or acknowledge we were all there waiting. After biting my tongue & not saying anything we were sat about 10 minutes later. Chips were a bit on the salty side but certainly edible and tasty. My husband liked the salsa but I didn't really care for it but I really enjoyed that hot sauce. The food was delicious, not one complaint. Lunch portions were huge and it was so good that I couldn't stop picking at it even after I was completely stuffed. Rice and beans were definitely authentic. I usually am very picky about rice and beans but this place nailed it. My husband says this is our new go to place. I think so also because the food was very good. I personally think if they work on their service staff, this place would be perfect and there'd be no complaints.
5	So over a week later, we came back. Night and day...... Literally. We went for dinner tonight and everything was absolutely amazing. Everything! It is my husband's birthday and of course he choose Elvira's. The staff was friendly. Not the same staff that was there for Halloween lunch. Our server was so friendly, I wish I had her name so you all could ask for her. (Shoulder length dark hair, glasses, had a huge smile and a perky fun personality. Our busser was so attentive as well, friendly and right on top of everything. He was a young kid. We were so impressed by the way he worked my husband approached him when we left and tipped him out. Very impressed, I hope we continue getting service like we did tonight because we plan on coming back!
3	We have only had good experiences with the food.  Yummy salsa and chips, delicious Bloody Marys!  Generous portions and fast food preparation.  This last trip though, the service was awful.  Slow to get orders, slow on drinks, no refills, and it was not busy.  No excuse.  The food however was amazing and the great cooks knocked it out!  Go for the food, 3 stars for the service.
1	We should've walked out the door when the waitress said it was her first day, but we unfortunately did not. Drink order was slow, but we were patient. We ordered tableside guacamole and the kid making it said it was his 2nd time doing it. I assisted in the making and improved it after he left adding my own salt, lime and hot sauce. It still had 0 taste. But we were hungry...waited another 20 min to see the waitress. When we did, she was getting cussed out by a patron and that family of 5 just got up and left. She disappeared for at least 20 min. When she came back she was crying and had to go to the ladies room. 5 more min. I went in to calm her down and then she came out and took our order. 30 min go by, no food. Our children are losing it bc we've been there 2 hours now. Ask to get it packed up to go. My husband and I leave to get the kid out of there while they wait for the food to go. Another 20 min, apparently they are "packing up the food". Long time to do so. They go to pay after all the waiting and nothing is comped off the bill. And trust me, they know it's been a total disaster. When they bring the food back, the fajitas had no tortillas, the taco salad was inedible. No taste of seasoning whatsoever. The shrimp looked and tasted canned, and smelled foul.  I wish there was 1 place to put blame but the whole experience was a disaster between the waitress, guac maker, chefs and poor response by mgmt. I'm hungry. Going to hit Taco Bell.
4	Detailed review coming soon!
1	Again, another review, another update. This place is not ever consistent, ever. We've gone back quite a few times since the last time I posted. I'm not a reviewer but something about this place caught my eye for the first time, second, third..... So I had to whether experience be good or bad. I still wish I knew this fabulous servers name, the only time we have ever had an enjoyable time (twice) and even another when we we sitting in bar, forgot about by our server this lady, my only favorite came by to say hi & quickly grabbed boxes, cleared empty plates and said let me get you some refills. Short brown hair, glasses and a huge smile. The name Elaine sounds familiar but I honestly just can't remember. But owners needs to put this lady in charge. Very attentive, knows what she's doing and puts smiles on everyone's face. Seriously. It's sad, this place has so much good quality, the food is fabulous you guys can do better but they need someone in charge. Not the young girls up front that are solving all the issues, taking-wrapping to go's (for 20 minutes & still come out wrong) , answering phones, seating.... Etc. Not these girls, it's a shame to not see this place poppin like it should be. Straighten up the service. I'm not sure after Sunday nights to go experience, we'll even waste our time coming back Here unless I see that lady (maybe Elaine) & know she'll be waiting on us.
