3	alright, there are two caveats to this:  1.  i have limited to no experience with korean barbecue. and 2. they are still working off of the limited menu with the full menu coming in the new year.location, location, location.  being smack dab in the middle of noda, miyagi's offers a new flavor to the hood.  what used to be consolidated press is a nice wide open  to grab some asian fare.the look of the joint reminds me a lot of creation that used to be in plaza midwood.  the seating is the modern looking leather wrapped chrome which, for the owner's sake, i hope can stand the wear and tear of daily business.a couple of friends and i bellied up to the bar for dinner last night.  the staff was courteous and personable and informed us of the abbreviated menu.apothic red by the glass was perfect since it is my current inexpensive favorite wine.we ordered the crab rangoon for an appetizer to split between the three of us.  the presentation was not what i expected.  usually, its the crab dip inside the wonton.  this was a dish of crab dip with wonton chips that had a sweet and sour sauce lightly drizzled on them.  not too bad at all.i ordered the bulgogi (steak), and my buddies the pork and ribs. the food came out in decent time and was good temperature.  since we weren't at the daniel-son fly catching level of chopstick usage, some flatware was necessary to tackle some of the meal.we all shared our meals, and i would say that i chose best with the steak, although i thought all three meats had similar textures with subtle flavor differences.  i mean, it's all barbecue?  mine came with a ball of white rice, some sauted squash, and small saucers of the kim chi, cucumbers, and seaweed salad.  the last of which was not my style.in my opinion, the tab was a little steep for what we got.  with the tip, i got out of there for just north of $45.  i will definitely go back once they expand the menu and hope that they can become another solid noda staple.
4	For a soft opening I think they've done a great job. I have tried several different authentic Korean restaurants and I think they've done a pretty decent job of replicating that.  For appetizers, we ordered Edemame and the Crispy Mandoo. You can't mess up the first and the crispy Mandoo was good but not worth $9 IMO. It was basically a deep fried potsticker. Good but nothing amazing about it. For entrees we ordered Bulgogi and Bibimbop. The food came out pretty quickly and the presentation was very nice.  The Bulgogi portion was pretty small (esp for $17). It had a really good flavor though. The meat was really tender but just not as sweet as what we're used to. The Bibimbop was really good and very filling. It's basically rice, veggies and a spicy sauce. The owner told us that they change the veggies according to whatever is in season. Our server was very nice but extremely overwhelmed. He wasn't too sure about a lot of things (which is expected given that the place just opened) and when we got a check (which took quite a while) he didn't even give us a pen to sign the receipt. (I know I'm being a bit picky but I would want you to be honest with me). After our meal the owner/head chef came out and asked how everything was. He seemed to really want our opinion and asked if we thought anything needed to be done any differently.  WE gave our opinions and he seemed genuinely appreciative. Overall a great experience and we'll definitely come back again once they get the grills on the tables and expand to a full menu!!!!
5	Very very excited at the wonderful new addition to the Noda neighbor.  Tried a sampling of rolls including the Philadelphia, 3320 NoDa, Fresh n Clean and the Sexy Salmon and found them to be delightfully prepared and delicious to the palate.  BRAVO!!!  Can't wait for the continued expansion of their currently appreviated menu.  Bring on the pieces!Welcome to the "hood".  Happy Holidays.-dkDang!!!  Misspelled the name!  It is Miyagi's
3	I agree with all of the previous reviews.  I went for the soft opening and understand that the menu has now expanded. The food was very good-- but for the ambiance and location, the prices were way too high.   I got some kind of shrimp dish and it was $19 and the crab Rangoon was around $11.  The issue was that no entree on the menu was under $15 or $16.  For Asian cuisine, these are prices I would pay in a nice intimate atmosphere, which this is not.  Need I remind you Mr. Miyagi - you are in Noda. All that said, I will go back and give it another try-- hoping that the menu has expanded not only to more food selections, but a better range of prices.  I look forward/ hope that after my next visit, I get to revise this review, but we shall see . . .
2	I think with some refinement they will be great. My Lo Mein had too much soy sauce (salty) and the sushi was on the bland side. The prices are on the high side especially for a limited menu.
2	Please keep in mind we went during it's first week of being open and I am not trying to be mean by giving it only 2 stars.  The waitress was very nice and she explained that the menu was still not complete and they had big plans of expanding.Buuuut having said that, it was a complete let down. 1. they should not be advertised as korean bbq.  i am a huge korean bbq fan and this was no korean bbq by any standard.  it was completely americanized. the food came already made. you didn't grill it yourself at the table.  the rice was hard.  the bolgogi and kalbi were nothing close to any real korean bbq I've ever had (granted I'm comparing it to new york, los angeles, and seoul).  my first tip off that this place wasn't going to be authentic should have been the name.2. they served the bibimbap in a regular dish rather than a sizzling hot cast iron/stone onei've traditionally seen the bibimbap served in really hot dishes so when you mix everything the egg gets cooked in w/everything and you get that crispy layer at the bottom.  another bummer of the night.on the plus side....the staff was young and friendly and the main chef/part owner came to our table himself (i think he was the only asian person working there).the restaurant is in a nice area and was cozy.bottom line...if you're looking for authentic korean bbq, go elsewhere.if you're looking for a cozy trendy place to meet up w/some friends for drinks and edamame, this place will do.
1	We must have hit the restaurant on a particularly awful night because not one of the 7 of us wanted to finish what we ordered. The bimbimbap was beyond abysmal. The rice was stale, the vegetables were cold, the egg was hard cooked and the presentation made you wonder if it was a joke. The server was woefully under prepped. Initially I thought he was just undertrained but as the evening progressed, I realized that the management had done no training at all. Orders were sent out wrong, misinformation was given and the menu was minute, despite having been open for 3+ weeks. The website is misleading as they are serving maybe 20% of the menu listed. One can forgive new restaurant foibles and growing pains. Things happen. However, when we complained to the owner( after paying a full tab  of $170 despite eating perhaps 35% of what we ordered), he not only didn't care about our experience but was actively rude to us and awkwardly defensive about our whole experience. As we were walking out, another table was complaining about their experience and while standing outside waiting for our car, we overheard a couple choose not to go in because " no one looked happy or was smiling at any table". I am in the food and beverage business so I am a harsh critic but I have always given a restaurant 3 tries before commenting. I feel that Miyagi is so horrible that one time was too much and I look forward to seeing what restaurant will be in that space in 3 months because it for sure won't be this train wreck of a restaurant.. PS, I would have given this review no stars if that was an option.
2	The food is overpriced and not like any Korean BBQ I've ever had. The front of the restaurant looks pretty cool tho
3	If you're looking for authentic Korean food with crisped rice in hot pots, sizzling grills, and very attentive service (well I don't know if that's standard, just my experience), this is not the place for you, that's not what Miyagi's is offering.After what, a year of waiting, we stopped in on a Saturday to a fairly empty (minus the bar) space and were handed a menu that looks very similar to the one posted, but it did have some additions. We were immediately notified they were out of the Bulgogi... what?? So I ordered a ginger salad and the bibimbop (sub tofu - apparently you can sub tofu, chicken, or shrimp for the beef), my dining partner ordered the bbq salmon. Ginger dressing was good, but a little on the oily side. Then, eating the (beautifully plated) bibimbop, I again became very aware that every bite was coating my mouth and lips with oil. Not the most appetizing. The tofu was tasty, as was about half the of the bowl - the kimchi seemed of the jarred variety, and honestly, I've had better. The salmon was pretty delicious, and cooked to our liking. The sticky rice was the same as the sticky rice in the bottom of my bowl, scooped on the plate from a larger vat - and the veggies with the salmon tasted alright, but were mushtastic. Our server was there as much as he could be as the only guy on the floor and tables starting to fill up. We did have to stand at the door awkwardly for a bit before we were seated, and we noticed other groups had to do the same because he either didn't see them right away or was just busy. Overall - if I want authentic Korean, I'll take myself elsewhere. But, to eat something different in NoDa I'll be back. I'd like to give their sushi a chance, and their sriracha bloody mary's. Plus, some of their appetizers sounded pretty good. I think they've changed some prices too, my bibimbop was only $10, and the salmon was $13.
5	Great to have a new spot open up with different food...Korean pancakes with shrimp is a must try and the mandoo is bangn!...going back with a group next week so we can try more stuff!
2	The staff has no personality and the atmosphere is stale. The food is lacking anything that truly sets it apart. We ordered tempura  Mahi Mahi bites that were supposed to come with oyster cocktail sauce and it was just a ramekin full of ketchup! I went back for a 2nd time just to make sure that  my feelings about the restaurant weren't  just a fluke, and I have to say that they weren't. Again, the staff was lacking in personality and the food was just ok. All in all, I probably won't go back.
5	The food was fantastic and the service was great!  I will definitely go back!  Being the first time I tried Korean BBQ, I definitely recommend it!  :)
4	I made it my New Year's resolution to eat at different restaurant every week and to work on expanding my tastes buds!  I ordered a nice cold beer, served in a frosted mug, which isn't something I've found a lot of in Charlotte!  I ordered the Bulgogi (not sure about spelling), but it was the Korean BBQ- it's what Miyagi's is known for and I was being a little safe.  I thought it was fabulous...and being a southern girl, I can be quite picky about my BBQ.All in all I was very satisfied, my beer was cold and food was delicious...what more could you ask for!
3	This place looks GREAT!  Fantastic remodel from the old place that was only used for Art shows occasionally!  Service was Great!  they have a small parking lot too, which is rare for NoDa!Calamari was the Best part of the meal... Flavor was very Nice!  4 yelp starsTempura Battered Thai Sausage was also Very Good! 4 yelp starsThe REAL Reason for my Wife and I being here is the Korean BBQ (Beef Ribs)!  I'm used to having very good ones where the marinade/sauce has Kiwi and or a fruity combination of flavorsKorean BBQ Ribs - 3 yelp stars     - - - too much Sesame, not enough Fruit Juice!  Four places in Charlotte to get Korean style BBQ Ribs that beat this place by two whole yelp stars.Vegetables with the Ribs had a good flavor, though were a bit too oily!
2	I have honestly had better food at the Harris Teeter Asian bar! Sushi selection is limited  at best with half of the food having zero  Only good part of the meal was that they had local Noda brew. I am all about supporting the local places but in this case I can' t put my recommendation behind them. Would think with being new they would really try to make a name for themselves in the Charlotte food scene but they have failed miserably!  The space has been beautifully remodeled for the next restaurant to take their place!
3	How wonderful it is to see this once dilapidated space turned into a rather beautiful restaurant in NoDa. I remember when this building was used as a "pop-up gallery" for gallery crawl nights and kept a steady, unwelcoming ambiance to all who entered. No more, ladies and gents. This space has been transformed to an open, wood floored space with ample seating. Where I love the direction that Miyagi's is going, I have to say there are some drawbacks and shortcomings. Here's what we had:Edamame. Just fine. Hot, salted and a great starter. Ginger salad. Decent. I enjoyed the mix of romaine and spinach, but the dressing was a little lacking in that nice ginger punch I look for. Bibimbop. This is probably the coolest presentation and most filling item on the menu. A bowl filled with rice, veggies, and tons of other great things to add in -- kimchi, marinated tofu, bean sprouts, miso paste, and spicy cucumbers. I'd get this upon next visit hands down. Sushi. There are only 5 or so options on the menu. I hate to say it, but it was just yuck. An obscene amount of rice, whisper of nori, cucumber, avocado etc, and an even more miniscule amount of fish. Not that it can't be improved (I've heard it's better when the sushi chef is in the kitchen) but I didn't even finish the rolls I ordered. Rather unfortunate, but I'm sure it will improve over time. Service was awesome. Our server was fun, funny, and totally kept the mood light throughout our dinner. The menu isn't strong, but I believe there is a well-deserved "yet" in there somewhere. Again, it's a killer space, prime space on N Davidson St, comfortable seating, big glass windows, and room to make a much more enticing menu. I'm looking forward to coming back in a few months and seeing what's changed.
5	This is great place for the NoDa neighborhood.  Glad to see something different in the area with a nice vibe, but yet cool enough to relax and enjoy some good food.Seems some people have been pretty critical for a new restaurant open only 4 weeks.  They are still working through the kinks and have taken a lot of feedback from customers such as lowering prices and changing up the beer selection.  Glad to see they are taking customer's feedback seriously and willing to adapt.  I've been there many different times and have tried the different dishes each time, and have not been disappointed in anything I ordered thus far!
2	We waited a little bit to eat at this place so they could work out the kinks. We went on a Saturday night at 6p where it was pretty dead except for a few tables. Service was so slow and the food was way overpriced. Owner/manager didn't even acknowledge staff/kitchen was struggling, nor checked in with patrons to see if meals were okay once they arrived. It took about 30 mins just for apps. Our food was pretty good once it did finally come out but the overall experience and first impression was a disappointment. If you want authentic Korean BBQ this is not the place (no hot pots or table side cooking). It's nice to have something unique in NoDa but I don't think this place is it.
4	My bibimbop was good, and it was served in a normal bowl like I expected. I didn't expect a hot pot, because it's not listed as dolsot on the menu. The kimchi was also good, the server was pleasant, and the price was $10 which is reasonable. I'm glad I can get bibimbop in my neighborhood.
3	This is a nice restaurant it's still fairly new the menu is a little limited and the decor and atmosphere was o.k. The service could be stepped up as far as a little more professional. It's a little difficult to rate the food because their still working on expanding the menu. We ordered  egg roll and had sushi the sushi was surprisingly good, but the egg roll needs improvement.  We would go back hopefully they change  the seat's which was uncomfortable and continue to expand the menu.
2	I was so excited to have a new spot in NoDa and a sushi place at that. The restaurant is ideally located and looks amazing. Our waiter was very friendly and did the best he could but the food was pretty awful. We ordered edamame as our appetizer and it took more than 15 minutes to come out. When it did, it was covered in a buttery substance and was terrible. The calamari was all batter and very little calamari which the waiter confirmed as a common complaint. The spring rolls tasted like something I could have gotten out of my freezer and made at home. There was a roll called Fresh and something that was actually pretty good. It was the lone highlight of the meal. Well that and the wine!Hopefully they can work some kinks out and stick around...
2	We happened upon Miyagi's on Saturday night, and I was gleeful to find Charlotte had opened a new Korean joint.  The interior was modern and trendy, and it was fairly empty, s0 we decided to give it a go.  Our waitress was wonderful - very attentive and helpful as we asked about the menu.  The restaurant only just opened at the end of December-ish, so they're still figuring things out (for example, they have two different menus, one with appetizers, and one with small bites... seems like those could get consolidated or at least translated to be the same language).  Additionally, the items featured are... interesting; it's rare that you'd see pigs in a blanket on a korean restaurant menu, much less a place that doesn't cater to children.  The menu(s) aren't yet final, but I believe they're working toward that goal.  My boyfriend got two of the appetizers, and the mandoo was pretty good.  I ordered the bulgogi and was relatively pleased with the portion size (granted, I was comparing it to two appetizers across the table, but still).  While it tasted okay - not amazing - it was very oily and ginger was the dominant flavor.  I debated between a 2-3 star for this review, and am sad that it ultimately scored this low.  If they get the menu straightened out better, I think Miyagi's has a lot of potential, with the cool interior and great location.  My fingers are crossed for this place to figure it out.
3	Hello friends,Me & my buddy stopped in for a quick bite. Ordered the calamari, California roll & Fresh & Clean roll. The calamari was pretty good. That's pretty much where the "quick bite" ended. Seemed like forever for the two rolls to come out. The other Five patrons were already eating. The rolls were pretty good though. They had a 5 Jack's & 2.50 Miller. I asked if they were going to have more sushi options available and was told "at some point". Okayy I guess. Nice bar seats. May not last long if a few ppl get a few good ones in them and have laugh attacks. Maybe 10-14 bar tables. And 3-5 seats on the window (good for ppl watching). Very clean inside. Michelle was our server. Pretty & pretty upbeat!!TTFN
3	I went on my brother's recommendation for lunch.  This new place is sleek and clean.  The menu is what I would call "Asian Fusion", with Korean, Sushi, & perhaps some Viet Namese items(?)  I ordered the Bulgogi and the food and the service was great, as it should have been, because I was the only patron there!  I would have given Miyagi's 4 Stars, but the manager or owner was at the end of the bar raising hell about a marketing company that had failed him.  I understand the frustration - more traffic should be coming thru there but take my advice and keep the bitching to the back of the house!
5	That's right, droppin' the five star bomb on the critics below. Okay, honestly, I'd give four stars because Miyagi's *NEEDS TO SERVE THEIR BIBIMBAP IN A HOT STONE BOWL* - like, ferrealz - but I upped it to five because, after reading the other reviews, it seems like they've mastered quite a few of their growing pains.I got turned onto Miyagi's from their cover story in Creative Loafing (great article, by the way!). "What?! There's Korean food that's closer than Matthews?!" I gasped. Fast forward three days and myself and two friends found ourselves here.The atmosphere is a good combination of comfortable and modern. They play great music at this place. Our server (blonde dude, forgot his name) was attentive, polite and got our orders just right. He didn't flinch in the face of me and my friends' biting sarcasm. The food - we ordered the pigs in a blanket for an appetizer, which came with this delightful Kirin Ichiban mustard. Light and sweet, it made for the perfect enhancement to the Thai sausage. Next we all ordered bibimbap, one of my friends got it as it was described on the menu, while the other friend and I ordered it with kalbi. The bibimbap was brought in a huge plastic bowl (again, you guys need to use HOT STONE BOWLS) and came with all the regular fixins. The rice was not hard or stale as other reviewers took note of, but fresh and light. The sauce - zomg, the sauce - was fuckin terrific. The kalbi was definitely some of the better kalbi I've had: meaty, juicy, just the right amount of seasoning.The cab they served was good. Didn't try the sushi, but why would I? I don't go to mostly-Korean restaurants to eat sushi. Actually, hey Miyagi's, maybe it's time to retire the sushi idea and focus on the Korean stuff. Diversify by adding other famous Asian dishes. Maybe some more variations on Chinese or Thai or Vietnamese.EDIT: Never mind on the stone bowls - apparently you CAN get them? Maybe on request? *ALSO* If you order kalbi, they give you scissors to cut it up with. No people, Miyagi's is not being weird or trendy, THAT'S HOW BARBEQUE IS SERVED IN EVERY KOREAN RESTAURANT EVER!  I mean, how hard is it to look that up? Google "Korean Barbecue" and "scissors."  Yeesh.
4	When my friend and I came in on a Monday night we were really worried. This place was empty. That's not a good sign. Then as we sat down I looked at reviews on here and I was doubly worried. You guys, this place is awesome. Our waiter, Earnest, was a super nice guy and even though the restaurant was empty he didn't hover over us or try to make a lot of small talk with us. I realize wait staff gets bored on slow nights but I just don't like making conversation with people I don't know when I'm sitting there starving to death, so in my mind he was freakin awesome.I could see how the two menu thing could be confusing, but honestly you get like 10 menus at Chilis so who cares? It's a second menu with like 5 things on it. For an appetizer I got crab rangoon and they did it like chips and dip, which in retrospect I have to wonder why I haven't been eating crab rangoon like this my whole life. The food was excellent, I got Kalbi and my friend got Bulgogi. The menu said the Kalbi was made "LA Style" so I didn't start throwing chairs in a rage when it wasn't made just like Korean Kalbi. I really recommend you give this place a shot, especially during the week because it looks like they need it there the most. The reason I gave this place 4 stars was because for my Kalbi they gave me scissors and tongs to cut it off the bone and although my motor skills are sometimes questionable I'm pretty sure I could correctly operate a sharp knife to help me with the task of cutting the meat off the bone. It just got a little awkward after a bit was all. Of course now as I write this I realize I could have just asked for a knife but I feel like that would have been too easy.
3	We went to lunch at Miyagi's yesterday and overall I had mixed reviews. I liked that they have parking which is much appreciated in this neighborhood. The interior was modern but comfortable, they had some local beers on tap, and the tuna nachos were delicious (similar to Cowfish). I wasn't super impressed with service as the bartender (we sat at the bar and were the only ones there) was unusually quiet and not very attentive. I also didn't really care much for the sushi rolls and like Ben left some uneaten on our plate . We had the Fresh n Clean and 3220 Noda, neither stood out in freshness or in flavor. I would give it another shot if I was in the neighborhood or didn't want sushi. I made the mistake of thinking this was a sushi bar but it sounds like I need to try the Korean bbq...
5	That small plates menu is so good. I loved the crab wontons and the potstickers. It was fun to try all of the Korean side dishes and the sushi was the best I've had in Charlotte. Good portion sizes and fun vibe. The owner kept the sake flowing by pouring the sake bombs himself. Thanks Ray! I would come back for a date night and get the plum flavored sake- it is addicting.
3	I had high hopes walking into Miyagi's on a weeknight a few months back. I was met with a pretty average experience. I don't think the Mr was too impressed with the sushi, which made sense when we were informed that their sushi chef was only in on the weekends.Service was good, although when we were there it wasn't very busy.A friend ordered the Korean barbecue and really enjoyed it. But be warned, it's not like North Carolina BBQ. ;) I went with the Bibimbap with tofu, and that was the clear winner of the evening. So many well-balanced flavors and textures! It came with an additional sauce that was something like ketchup, but I didn't end up using it. It was very filling.Honestly, I will come back for the Bibimbap (or bibimbop).
5	Returned to Miyagi's last Monday. They've gotten better! As I wrote in my last review, they now serve bibimbap dulcet style (in a hot stone bowl). One of my friends got it and OH MAN did it look good. This time, I opted for the bulgogi banh mi, which was basically a Korean fusion version of the famous Vietnamese sammich. Dude, you *have* to try this thing. The bulgogi has just the right amount of grease on it to soak into the bun. Throw some of that famous chili sauce on top with a few crunchy veggies, and you have foodie heaven. I do wish that, more true to the Vietnamese form, they would use softer bread for a banh mi. But the combination of bulgogi and bread was so good, I didn't really notice. The sandwiches are served with crinkle-cut french fries, which honestly deserve their own review due to their salty, potatoey flavor that is neither overly-starched or too fried.We also shared a plate of the tuna nachos. Though small, each nacho is a delightful orgy of sushi-inspired flavors.Oh, and there are ping pong tables on the outdoor patio. Bring your "A game," mo-fos.
3	A stark improvement from before, but I think they can do better. This is NOT a Korean restaurant in case their customer base didn't give it away :) Bibimbop lacked flavor. Had to request extra gochujong and sesame oil and chefs are going to have to learn how to prepare the stone bowl so that the rice lightly burns the rice. Their hot wings are good, fried thin crackly style like in the motherland. Couldn't taste the kimchi in the kimchi pancakes.
3	I've been on the hunt for good Korean food since moving to Charlotte and this place was our first attempt in our search.  Overall, it was fine, but not quite the authentic Korean experience I was looking for.  I should have probably known better knowing it was in NoDa and seeing how the menu was more fusion than traditional.  Regardless, we got to the restaurant on a semi-busy Friday night and opted to sit at the bar.  We were pleasantly surprised by the clean, more modern looking decor.  We decided to do the three course pre-fixe which was a great way to get a taste of several of their items between the two of us.  I went for my favorite Korean dish, bulgogi, and while it wasn't the best, it was better than expected.The waitstaff was really nice and attentive.  They made sure to refill our drinks often as well as our side dishes.  We were full before dessert even got there, so they were nice to pack it up for us to take home.All in all, I would come back for a quick dinner while in NoDa, perhaps as a pre-event to checking out the local scene.
5	Food was delicious and service was friendly. Plus I really liked being able to play ping pong in the fresh air.
1	I left a tip and don't want to waste time w additional review. So refer to my tip. Go elsewhere. Thanks
3	Mmmmm, bap! OK, corny, but the bibimbap here is really, really good, and easily big enough for 2; the hardest thing is watching it steam in the stone bowl, hearing the ingredients sizzle, smelling them meld, and waiting for the rice to form that crunchy skin on the bottom of the bowl. It's so hard, but never is there a better payoff than finally turning it over and over with the spoons and diving into that goodness mouth-first.  The burger is harder to rate. I tried the bacon and egg, which comes just like it sounds, with bacon and a fried egg on top. It was juicy, but somehow not very flavorful. The waitstaff is friendly and sharp and there's always a drink special on, too. The ambiance is nice, sleek but at night just raucous enough to keep its LA-cool vibe. Miyagi's is cool with me.
5	Amazing Kalbi and sushi.  They often have buy one get one 50% off sushi during the week.  One of my favorite places to go in Noda.
3	I went to Miyagi's for the first time last night and although the food was just meh, the service was fantastic. The staff was consistent in taking care of our needs without being pushy or in your face. Everything came out incredibly fast and accurate. They even made a roll half vegetarian for my friend and I to share. The other thing I really liked about Miyagi's is they have $5, 3 Olive vodka on special Tuesday nights. It wasn't watered down and the glass was full, and not of ice, actual vodka. I will be going back for sure.
2	Terrible terrible food
3	Stopped in here with a friend on a summer Sunday around 2 PM. There was a couple at the bar & a man with two small children at a table, one waitress, one bartender/"picker upper fella", & two "cooks/chefs" in the back.  There was more noise coming from the three large screen TVs.This was my first time coming here, my friend has been here several times. We weren't starving, so we decided on sushi. We went with the 3220 NoDa roll & the surf & turf.The place is nice inside, it was clean (MAJOR plus in my book) & has a nice bar area. Our waitress was friendly & checked on us just the right amount.We waited about 10 minutes for the first roll...the NoDa one. It was really good & presentation was top notch. The second roll came out about 5 minutes later.  Both rolls were fresh & the rice wasn't overpowering. Honestly, I would equate the rolls to ones I've had at Cowfish & Soul, so props to the sushi chef.Prices are a bit high, but they do accommodate drinkers with daily drink specials. I also noticed a sushi special of buy one roll, get one 1/2 off on Mondays & Thursdays.Miyagi's is ok in my book, but it's not a place that I plan on frequenting a lot.
5	Thoroughly enjoyed it. Delightful and modern approach to Korean classics. They pay homage to some traditional Korean and Eastern dishes while making it a fun and inviting for those that aren't familiar. I'd suggest the (Ahi) Tuna Nachos and the Bibimbap! We'll be back.
2	Eh.I ordered the bulgogi per our waitresses recommendation, and was fairly underwhelmed.  Which is strange because i was pretty drunk and real hungry, a combination that dramatically lowers my standards for most things including food.  The entree was not very big for $15 and they served it with five little bowls of kim chee and kim chee-esque condiments all of which tasted similarly bland.  Come on people, quality not quantity.  My friends meals looked better then mine, i would try it again if forced but everything else around there is better in my current opinion.
2	Not my idea of authentic Korean, has Korean flavor but portions are small, menu is limited . Wasn't impressed and I'm Korean.
2	Since there's not many korean restaurant in Charlotte, we thought we give this place a try in Noda. It's a big open dinner room design, when u walk in the bar is at the left, the kitchen at the back, and there's u have a ur whole dinner area with clear view of the street.I knew we made the wrong decision looking for authentic korean food here. Nobody works here is korean! But we stick to our plan and dine in. We have calamari for appetizer, then bibimbop and bulgogi for entree. The food is not bad if u never tried real korean food before, but it's just a bit westernized. I wouldn't go back if I'm craving korean food, but stop by for a drink and hang out with friends...
4	When you say SAKE, I say BOMB, SAKE BOMB, SAKE BOMB! Yes, I chanted that cheer when having some sake bombs with my girls~ Very hip spot to grab a drink or a bite. Very large space, clean, and great service. Also had a round of lemon drops outside on a nice fall day.Definitley recommend if you're in the neighborhood hungry for some food or a drink or two or three...
4	The bibimbap and bulgogi were amazing!  Great atmosphere, decent prices.  They do having a parking lot, but it's tiny.  We ended up parking in the one of the neighborhoods about 2 blocks away.  I wasn't too crazy about the backless bar stool.  I felt like I was about to fall off.
4	I thought the sushi and BBQ were both good, but the sushi rolls could have been a little bigger. The price was great for the food we got. I would definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for good cheap sushi. Also not a bad date spot.
4	I hear that during dinner hours this is a Korean fusion type place. I dropped by here at 11 on a Friday night. There is a late night menu until 2 a.m. on Friday and Saturday. There are burgers with an Asian twist but I had the soft shell crab sandwich which was a fried soft shell crab on a banh mi type roll with lettuce, onions and a mayonnaise. It was served with fries for a total price of only $8. Excellent. Service was good. The scene at this time was a bar scene inside as well as in an outside seating area. I liked the music which was basically hip hop versions of songs like Stairway to Heaven and other 70's and 80's rock staples. Noda has turned from an arts district to a total nightlife scene. It doesn't feel quite as Indie as Plaza Midwood but is certainly not as mainstream as Epicenter so that is a plus.
3	Charlotte has a serious lack of authentic Korean restaurants. We gave Miyagi's a shot but it fell short. For those looking for authentic Korean food and flavors, head down to PePeRo in Matthews. If you are looking for a hip Asian fusion spot in NoDa, you found it.
4	This place is better than the reviews for sure we had two sushi rolls and the app Chap Jae. Really different but really good. Great addition to Noda!
1	This was easily the worst experience I have ever had at any business. I had been to Miyagi's once during the summer and had a pleasant dinner, but the unprofessional, discourteous staff have forever blighted my opinion of this miserable establishment. After waiting over an hour, our party of four was seated at an undersized table they dragged in from outside. The place was packed, so we were patient and understanding. However, our server notified us that someone neglected to turn on the rice cooker and a large party recently placed orders, so they could not even start to prepare our sushi for another 20 minutes. She explicitly suggested that we leave.The manager came over to apologize and offered to pay for our whole meal. 40 minutes after this we inquired after our orders, and only at that time did they confess that they had no fish in the restaurant. We were late for a concert, so we asked them to bring anything they had on hand. 15 minutes after that they brought a plate of nachos for the four of us. Two members of our party left to catch the final few minutes of the concert, but my friend and I stayed because we had not had any dinner yet. At that time they brought the check, billing us for the plate of nachos and a few beers, even though they promised a complimentary meal. After over 2.5 hours of misleading us, they tried to make us pay, insisting that they did nothing to entice us to stay. The manager literally shouted at us, insulting us and making excuses for the poor treatment. The staff of Miyagi's spent 2.5 hours not serving us any food, shouting at us for not appreciating the free, nonexistent sushi, and deriding us for having stayed as long as we did. If this business manages to stay afloat, it will be in spite of its deplorable practices.
3	My fiancee and I frequent this restaurant in our neighborhood a lot.  We go there even more recently, now that his parents and siblings are hooked.  His mom was a missionary in Korea when she was younger, so she introduced her family to this style of food when they were young.  They LOVE the kimchi, bulgogi, and bibimbop (sorry if those are mispelled).  His mother says their food is the closest to the food she had when in Korea.  One thing they said they would appreciate, is for each person who orders one of the dishes that comes with the kimchi to get their own portions of them.I'm a fan of the sushi. Some of it is pretty pricey, but most of it is reasonable.  We also love the crab rangoon.  It's easy to share with a group because it's made differently than anywhere else I've been.  The crab/cream cheese filling is actually served in a dish as a dip.  The fried pastry is cut in triangles, like chips!  I don't like that the chairs feel cheap and unstable (think ikea) and the tables are tight for 6 tops.  They have them set that way, so I know we weren't just put at a 4 top with more chairs.  My other complaint is that the food takes FOREVER!!  Don't get me wrong, it is ALWAYS good, but it should be served in a timely fashion!  Last time we were there, there were maybe 3 or 4 other tables there and it took about 45 minutes to get our food...and they only brough 4 of the 6 of us our food at that time...the other 2 people got their food another 15 minutes later!  I was very displeased with this.  I feel like a manager should have done something to make it up to us...comp the app we ordered?  We were never rude to them about it at all.  It's moments like those, that you can turn a negative experience into a great experience!  I wish they cared more that things like that happen all the time and their kitchen staff is slow and/or understaffed.We will still go here, but I will know better than to go there when I'm already hungry!
5	Never had Korean barbecue before. It's amazing! This place rocks! The short ribs and ribeye plates are tender, juicy, and excellent. Can't wait to try everything else!
1	Went to Miyagi's for dinner on a Saturday night and from the outside it looked like there were lots of people who were enjoying the restaurant. I went with my husband and we ordered the Miyagi roll, Kalbi beef, and the bulgogi burger. As an Asian person I kind of like to find authentic Asian food and this place was not one of them. First off the menu had both Japanese (sushi) and Korean (bulgogi/kimchi) dishes on it. Which is fine if you can pull it off, but unfortunately Miyagis just didn't cut it. To start, the Kalbi beef and my burger lacked seasoning. Although my burger was prepared well, my husband didn't quite enjoy how chewy his beef was. Also, if you are going to serve kimchi in a restaurant I suggest making it part of the dish to remember.  There is no doubt everyone makes their kimchi differently. However this kimchi didn't even taste pickled (which is kind of what kimchi is-spicy, pickled, cabbage or bok choy). It just tasted like someone slapped red pepper and sriracha on some cabbage. Overall the service was okay and when I looked around I saw most people were only there to drink not to eat. The whole meal with a beer and a hot tea rang up to $50. Talk about waste. Sorry to say I'm never going there again.
4	This is a nice little spot. I had the miyagi, ninja, sexy salmon, shrimp tempura rolls, nigiri: salmon, yellow tail, tuna, and the Korean wings. All the rolls were good, but the ninja roll was really flavorful. The shrimp tempura roll was just ok to me. The nigiri was good. The Korean sweet and tangy wings were tasty.
5	I have not tried the sushi here but they do buy one get one free 5-7pm everyday. Being asian and having moved to Charlotte has left me missing my mom's food a lot. I once saw frozen kimchi fried rice at the Metropolitan Trader Joe's and almost lost my shit. That was the closest I got to Korean in Charlotte. I have since discovered two other Korean places since. And now Miyagi's. My roommate had clowned on this place for no apparent reason when we walked by months back after a concert. We were fools for listening and avoiding Miyagi's. Come to think of it, it seemed more like a personal issue they had, because I don't remember any comments about the food.Fast forward to seeing them as best Korean in Elevation mag (Though not hard to win considering the Korean restaurant options in CLT). We decided to come in on our day off. We got the dol sol bibimbap and spicy pork Korean bahn-mi. Both were so dank. I am not used to bibambap having mushrooms in it and while it kind of bothered me I also really enjoyed it- a weird confliction. The ssam jang with it was delicious as I am used to just putting gochujang in it. The girl from Atlanta a few reviews below who said her ssam jang that came with the bibimbap was something like ketchup should be...slapped. KETCHUP?! Really?! It is nothing like ketchup. Seriously, that's ignorant. I'm glad you didn't try the ssam jang, YOU DON'T DESERVE SSAM JANG !!!!!!! Definitely will being having ssam jang with my bibimbap for now on.The bahn-mi was really good, I do wish there was a bit more cilantro and daikon in it. The fries didn't make much sense going with the bahn-mi but I understand most of the customers are probably white Americans so there has to be a familiarity. I think shoestrings would kill it or maybe some waffle fries. Or just no fries + more filling and go a la carte. I definitely think this is the best bahn-mi in Charlotte considering a place just down the street is considered to have the best bahn-mi by most, but I found this one far better.Our bill was $19 and we were stuffed. New favorite place for sure. Can't wait to try more of the menu. This isn't authentic Korean, this isn't frou-frou. This is fusion comfort food.
