2	Brand new store.  Just opened.  It's Microsoft's answer to the Apple Store.  However, I didn't notice anything resembling a "Genius Bar" (though the place was so crowded I could have missed it).Basically just lots of Microsoft products for sale.  You could get them all at Amazon easier, and probably cheaper.  Without a service bar of some sort I don't really see the point.  I was able to see a Surface Type Cover on my smartphone for 25% less than they had in this store (and, in fact, I ordered one...saved $30 compared to this store).If they have a service bar then add one star.  Otherwise, just go to Amazon and order what you want.
5	I wonder when Apple is going to notice they only sell phones now?  Until last year, I only bought Macs. I'm now on my third PC, and it is all due to the personnel at the Microsoft store.  This location is of course new but the staff have already proven they are worth driving across the valley for.  The knowledgable personnel, the reliable customer service, the awesomeness of Windows 8.1 on a touchscreen, all have combined to flip me from Apple.  And to add insult to injury, the Surface 3 is the first computer I've ever owned that lives up to its marketing. Now if only Microsoft could make a great mobile operating system...
1	Went here thinking I'd check out the new Microsoft store. What a colossal waste of time. Everything in here is available in any Best Buy or Fry's Electronics store. Why does this store even need to exist? I Walked through the store and was completely ignored by all the employees there - seems like their brains had blue-screened and their personalities won't be activated till the next service pack. The XBox seemed to be the most advertised item as I saw it everywhere. Funny that the XBOX posters proudly announce that it's bundled with Assassin's Creed Unity - a game with more freaking bugs than Lindsay Lohan's crotch. Hell - even the usual mallrats that seem to overwhelm Apple stores stay away from this place. 50 SHADES OF FAIL!
