5	Cultivated Lawn Services is easily the best landscaping service in our area.  Tyler is honest, fair, and his crew does a great job.  Highly recommend them
1	Called for a quote days ago and never got a call back.  Sorry, but if you can't return a phone call, then that's a big red flag about your customer service or lack thereof.
5	We wanted to replace our dead grass with sod, and after looking at the positive reviews here and on Google, I called Cultivated Lawn Services. Even though Tyler was on vacation when I called, he took the time to give me a quote over the phone and talked to me about what type of grass would be best for my yard's level of sun exposure.  I liked the 'small company' feel that he gave me, and we setup a time for him to come by and accurately measure and estimate the job. He was on time, and very professional.  His quote was on par with other estimates that I had received, so we setup the install dateOn 'install day', the team arrived a little later than expected, but finished the sod install faster than expected. They cleaned up after themselves very well, and we are very happy with the work performed!
5	All I can say is... wow! After several attempts to obtain quotes from other landscaping companies, Tyler came out and gave us a quote for a general yard cleanup as well as biweekly maintenance. The price was reasonable and we are incredibly impressed with the work that was done during the general yard cleanup. He not only did everything he had quoted, but went above and beyond in other areas as well. We were amazed at how quickly the work was done and how thorough the job was. We are happy to have him come out and do our biweekly service going forward. I would recommend this landscaper to anybody looking for an awesome landscaper.
1	After meeting Tyler, I felt very confident that his company would do a great job on our Arizona yard. My family and I are new to the area and wanted to hire a professional to care for our lawn. After Tyler handled the first couple appointments, a younger assistant started handling my property by himself. He sprayed our front ground covering with pesticides that caused the plant to begin to die. One could see exactly where the spray occurred and then the brown starting to emerge from that spot as the poison spread throughout the covering. He did this on our center island and on the entire covering on the right side of the house. I contacted Tyler to let him know what happened and he felt it would recover. The center island looked so bad because the entire covering had died, was beginning to grow mold underneath and was not as large as the right side so I decided to just take it out and cover the area with rocks and a new cactus. I sent Tyler pictures and asked that we not be charged for that month's services as our one ground covering had completely died and the right side was on its way. He agreed and, once again, said that if I left it alone, it would come back. I decided to leave the right side alone and give it a chance. There were still a few green buds so maybe? It didn't and I need to rip the entire right side up. Tyler contacted me saying that I still owed him $55 of the $110 of the months payment. I told him that we had agreed not to charge me that month as his assistant killed a significant amount of my landscaping. I sent pictures and he refused to budge. I reminded him that I am going to have to buy more plants, more rocks, and tear it all up. He still responded with "....please pay for the one service that is owed to our company.Thank you,Tyler FoutzPresident"My husband and I decided to just give him his money and walk away. It's not worth arguing over $55 but I am disappointed that there was never even an apology. Somehow, pesticides killing lawn is my fault. Oh well. Enclosing before and after pictures.
