5	Really super nice, clean, no frills gym.  Staff is great.  Was informed that they just opened there this past December.  Was visiting the parents in Henderson during Spring Break last week and since I have the Black Card membership that entitles members to work out in any PF facility in the country, I decided to take advantage and am glad I did.  All the equipment is brand spanking new.  Once word gets out for this facility it should be really crowded.  At least I hope it does.My home gym is in Daly City, CA.
3	I have a black  card membership, but generally I am unimpressed.  It's a no frills gym with clean equipment and lots of it.  The bathrooms could be cleaner.  The staff could be friendlier.  It really bothers me that part of their national slogan is "Judgement Free Zone."  Yes, they spell judgment incorrectly.  It's on the wall and on all the the weight machines.  Seriously, spell check your slogan before you spend thousands and thousands of dollars on it!
3	Most men will not admit that PF has what is needed for the average guy to stay fit.  PF does not cater to the power lifter/muscle head.  I'm 178lbs @ 5'11" and have tapped out the freeweights already so a steroid monster has nowhere to go at PF.To make this guy worth while you really have to be creative since their diversity of machines are lacking.  Every time I've had a workout there are too many treadmill empty so they may lose customers due to lack of machines.  However, @ $10.00/mo. and a yearly fee of about $30.00 PF sure beats the other clubs in town that want double or more the monthly fee.Service wise it would be a kind jesture to train the staff to actually acknowledge customers leaving and initiate a "good bye", "enjoy the rest of your day/night" or some other recognition.
5	Planet Fitness is a big gym with a lot of equipment but without all the drama. You go here to get it done, not to be seen. The people who work here are great and there is no commitment when you sign up. Love it.
4	We have a very reasonably priced basic month to month membership which is a good thing. There are frills (tanning booth, half price drinks, yadda yadda), but we just want to exercise.If you are close and all you want is basic exercise, then this is a good place for you. The facility has a good selection of machines and free weights.If you want more (more machines, classes, an indoor track, a pool, yadda yadda) go to LVAC.
5	Love this gym, love that it's not as crowded as most gyms....... always able to get on anything at almost anytime!!! No contract is a bonus also! :)
4	Planet Fitness is really a great starter gym.  Staff is very friendly, restrooms are very clean, and they have a wipe-after-use policy that keeps the whole facility clean.  The policy just asks gym members to wipe down the machines after use, and surprisingly, I'd say about 90% of the people do clean after themselves, which is nice.  I've been to LVAC at East Flamingo, one of the oldest LVAC gyms in Las Vegas, and gosh it stunk like a used sock in there.  Thank goodness Planet Fitness is actually clean and has breathable air.The only complaint I have is that it's a gym for beginners.  There's not a lot of variety on cardio equipment, and a less of a variety for weight trainers.  If you're into lifting, I don't recommend this place.  They don't even have a bench or deadlifting area.  They have a machine where you can bench, military press and squat, but none of the free-weight kind.  They would earn 5 stars from me if they had.Still though, for $10 a month and for what they have, they earn four stars from me.  I love just dropping by here because it's really close to my house and it's not overly crowded in there.  I'd say for the common gym-goer, they have just enough machines in the facility to make their customers happy :)PRO: Cheap ($10/month), Friendly staff, very clean and tidy gymCON: Not alot of variety on equipment
4	I'm not a fan of the whole planet fitness "judgment free zone" thing but the staff at this one just wont let me hate this place. They are all so helpful and nice that it makes it impossible to hold on to my hatred for this franchise. I normally like the dirty gyms with free weights and punching bags but I got a membership here cause I want to be able to go to the gym when I visit NY and MD. This gym is very clean, not overly busy, and I must reiterate... the staff is awesome! My only reservation that I can't seem to release is the limited amount of free weights.
3	It does the job. A cool little neighborhood spot  when you're in a pinch and don't wanna go all the way to lvac or fight the crowds. Great price too. "Dont be a lunk head." I like the massage chair after a hard work out. Worth checking out.
5	Oh, how I wish I had kept my Planet Fitness membership instead of selling out and going to LVAC!Planet Fitness is bare-bones.  You know that going into it, though - it's obviously really basic.  However, it's clean, the staff is friendly, and you're working out alongside people who are from varying levels of fitness rather than just total gym rats.  When I decided to cancel my membership at switch gyms, the process was easy as can be and went through exactly as promised in the paperwork.  Other gyms I've joined have made it so, so hard to cancel.  I almost wish it hadn't been so easy, because then maybe I would have thought twice about it!  I miss this gym!
5	I just moved to Henderson from Las Vegas, so I switched Planet Fitness locations. It was so easy to switch locations on-line and I woke up early this morning and called to find out their hours WOW was I happily surprised to find out they are open 24hrs, unlike the one on Flamingo! I was there by 5:45am and now I can go when ever I have the time or energy, due to these great hours! I got there this morning and the staff was so nice, it is clean and there were people in there working out. I felt safe, it's a great place! I'm on a mission to stay healthy and since they are open 24 hours that really helps me out!
5	Can't find a better deal then Planet Fitness at only 10.00 a month with no contract. I usually work out in the afternoon and theres never a wait for equipment, and it's always spotless here. The staff is super friendly.
4	If you are looking for an inexpensive, no frills place to work out this is it.  I love that it is only $10 a month.  They usually have some kind of deal when you join.  When I joined you paid $1 and then they billed the $10 for your first month the following month.  This is a very basic gym, no classes, sauna, pool, etc.  It is pretty clean and when I go in the early morning not to busy.  The staff could be a little more friendly but you get what you pay for.  This is a great place if you are just starting to work out and want to give a gym a try with no commitment.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! It is PERFECT FOR ME. I come in the morning, get my workout done and the location is so convenient for me. I don't need a pool, spa, or classes and I like that I only pay $10. I used to pay $20 for their black membership that allows you to bring another person and offers tanning. But ended up downgrading to $10 plan since tanning is so bad and no one could ever come with me. The facility and equipment are always clean since they promote a culture of wiping down machines after you use them and provide paper towels and spray throughout the gym. The members are mixed so not just the usual gym rat looking type. They call them "lunks" there :) I used to belong to LVAC, 24 HR Fitness and Planet Fitness is by far my most favorite gym.
3	I'm the type of person that only really needs a treadmill and a few weights, so this is the perfect gym for me. I'm sad to say that the new people they hired don't really make my gym experience a great one. They are really young and literally sit there and socialize with their friends on the mats- which I usually wouldn't mind, but there is no room on those mats for other people to use due to them gossiping and sitting there.Other than that, I can safely say this gym meets all of my needs
5	When we're not at work and not at kenpo karate we're at this gym We spend about 2 hours a day before going to kenpo, we use almost every machine in this place and it's extremely clean John the manager is a great guy and the people at the front are really nice also the price is cheap the equipment is good and the other customers are nice as well. We enjoy going almost everyday and it seems theres others that feel the same way as we see the same people everyday.
4	I really like this place! You get what they promise. Staf is just so, but that isn't why I go there. The machines wor, you can HEAR the TVs. Price is way better than Club Sport where you can't hear the TVs and you can usually not use the pools at Club Sport that you pay big $$ for anyway.
4	First day. Really had fun!
4	I just wish they had a hot tub/sauna/steam room. Any of those would up my rating. Maybe even a pool. It's a bonus to use that after a long workout, especially in Las Vegas.
