4	While i agree with portions of the previous yelp i feel as though it was a little harsh-yes tiedemanns mayn't be the most spotless of local tempe thrifts; but it's certainly not the dirtiest, in fact it has a certain je ne sais quoi to it that i find lacking in other spots -yes there is sparse organization; but there is always so much merch coming and going thruout the place it'd be impossible to keep it organized. you can drop in one day and find nothing that suits your fancy and the very next day an Accordion for $9.89 in great condition (true story)-the prices; dead on! the prices are nearly unbeatableall in all it depends on the day you go, and really thats what thrifting is all about. the hunt for the treasure that may or may not be hidden amongst all the piles of rubbish.
4	Looking for that fab silk 60s scarf? That jumpsuit circa 1975? Tiedemann's is the coolest thrift shop I've found in the valley so far. I collect vintage handbags, fabrics, accessories, and clothing to wear as is or to refashion, and I'm always on the hunt. Tiedemann's has served me well in my two visits. Thrifting is not for everyone, but if you get off on it this is the place because they actually have vintage fashions coming in from there warehouses weekly, or let me say often. I like the staff too. Great find!
4	We found this gem of a thrift store by accident, and boy were we surprised.  The variety of items was amazing - household items, furniture, jewelry, books, electronics, and clothing for everyone; including scrubs and school uniforms!I didn't find the store any less dirty than other thrift shops.  The customer service was superb, and the prices can not be beat.I used to go to other thrift stores often, and never found such great buys like I did at Tiedemann's.  3  name brand tops for $3.68?!  Also, they offer a 20% discount for those with a valid military ID.
3	I love thrift shopping, and don't get to do it often enough.  I've had this place bookmarked for a while, and took the time to go check it out.The pros: Great selection and variety of items.  Mens and womens clothing, bags, comforters, books, shoes and a variety of other household items.  Great hours, fair prices.Down side?  Aside from the seperation of mens and womens clothing, I noticed that stuff is kind of lumped together.  Maybe I've become a thrift snob, but usually stuff is sorted by size, making shopping somewhat easier.  I did not see that here.  Also, the music was unbelieveably LOUD.Overall, I had a good experience here.  Worth stopping in to at least browse.
2	mostly clothes. ghetto vibe.
4	I just had the most fabulous time shopping here. I would have given it five stars, but I think this place needs a little bit more organizing. I scored an awesome dress (it was about $4, and in great condition, like no one had worn it ever) and a white skirt for about $3. I spotted a Gap top for $1.98, but sadly, it didn't fit me. But for me, the find of the day was this book by Isabel Allende. I recently started collecting all of her works, and it was a delight to find one of her paperbacks, in mint condition, for just $1.98. The fitting rooms were kinda small, and they definitely need to add some clothes hooks. But all in all a great experience. Oh, did I mention, their jewelry is for 98 cents? I picked up an awesome white shell necklace and another stone necklace to go with my dress. The household wares, appliances, and shoes section was eminently forgettable, and most of the items looked really worn out.Tip: Take one of the shopping carts. I was skeptical if I would like anything, and so went without one, and soon, my arms were aching from carrying the tons of stuff I had selected for trying on.
5	THIS STORE CLOSED RECENTLY. I'm really going to miss this little gem.
