2	So my usual hair girl has decided to spend the majority of her time in the barber shop, which leaves her customers fighting over the remainder of her time. She's booked up through the end of the month. I was forced to look elsewhere. Knowing that my thick head of hair required tons of work, color and highlights, I was looking for someone experienced. I called this salon basically for the lower prices. The location itself was adequate. Not fabulous, but I knew that going in there. I was less than thrilled with the smokers that went out back to smoke frequently and left the door open, which meant the salon also smelled of smoke. I will however give awesome KUDOS to Donna who has 27+yrs of experience cutting hair and did an amazing job on my hair. She was A++ with customer service offered me drinks, and got me a water to drink. She was professional, and kind. She also applied aloe to my sensitive hair line, as a plus to me, my skin gets irritated easily when coloring. She colored my hair, did highlights (about  6 foils) applied toner, cut, and then blow dried me out. She also gave me a military discount, and my total price was far below what I was expecting! Donna is definitely the gem in this establishment. So because of the smoking, it's the reason I'm giving them only 2 stars.
3	Was around the area and saw fantastic sams, so I figured... eh, why not get a trim. Customer service was just "Ok" but customer service is a big deal to me, otherwise they would have gotten a 4 star. The girl that trimmed my hair was good though. She was pretty fast and trimmed it exactly how i wanted.
5	Ok i walked in to this place while i was out there for a business trip and was in need of a cut bad i'm usually really picky about who cuts my hair (because its really thick and curly and can look really bad if cut wrong) but i had a big meeting at a casino and needed to look my best. So this women named Kat came up and asked me what i needed and how i liked my hair cut i gave her a general overview of what i liked and asked her to cut it how she would like it, well needless to say when she was done it looked great. There are people who learn to cut hair and then there are people who have natural talent to cut hair and kat was born to style hair thank you, you did an amazing job. I'll be see you for another trim next time im in town.
1	I brought in a coupon and asked them if I could use it, before I even sat down. They said it wasn't a problem. But once I went to pay, they didn't want to honor it. They even wanted to charge me for having to mix extra hair dye. My hair isn't even shoulder length, and there was a ton of extra mixture in the bowl. There was no reason she needed extra. The color I picked was "light ash brown", which apparently turns into "dark ass black" when your stylist is outside smoking a cigarette and leaves the color on for ten minutes too long. All in all, the staff was very unprofessional, and the lady that did my hair looked like she just rolled out of bed that morning and threw on some old ratty clothes. I don't even think she had brushed her hair. What a slob.
