4	Friendly, helpful staff.No recycling pickup on site -- you have to take it to a neighborhood recycling drop off point, for instance that in a nearby park.
1	When my husband and I walked into the office for the first time to view an apartment everyone was so nice and welcoming, but after we signed the rental agreement we were no longer important. When I go into the office they are very rude, the woman who showed us the apartment even asked us to move in a day later so she could be there now she has no idea who we are. Everything in the apartment breaks, the toilet water in my kid's bathroom never stops running, the sink in our kitchen leaked down into our cabinet in pools, the roof leaked at the first sight of rain, and the kicker, i can see into my neighbor's house through the laundry room door, and we have lived here for 5 months. They have no loyalty to their tenants.  They could not possibly care less about anyone but themselves. It is true, you get what you pay for.
1	I still live here and want to move since our lease is coming to an end.  Everytime it rains my freakin roof leaks in a different spot.  Apon scrubbing my bathtub with a scrub brush instead of my normal scrub pad i found that my bathtub was painted because paint came off of the bathtub.  3 of my neighbors cars were vandalized (windows busted) in one night, my house constantly smells like weed because of my neighbors, because of that little crack that i can see into my neighbors apartment in the laundry room door area, even though I signed a year lease I still have to give 60 days notice to move out...how am I supposed to find a place with 60 days...noone is going to hold a place for me for 60 days, they have raised the rent, and gotten even more rude, they handed me a pre-eviction notice and I had paid my rent just appearently there was a new girl and she did that to about 10 other tenants the same day, I overheard the maintanance talking about how someone had had their dog in the pool because the pool wasnt being properly filtered because the dog hair clogged it but didnt shut the pool down for cleaning...my little kids swam in that pool everyday before I heard that, the sprinklers are set all funky so they spray the sidewalk more than the grass so when the sprinklers are on I have to run past them, but when the sidewalk is wet its slippery so I have to run without falling, and the list goes on and on!
3	I recently signed a new lease because it was not the right time to move when our lease ended.  Before I did so, I recieved a phone call from the manager Jerri.  She wanted to make sure that I was happy staying here, before I signed a new lease, because I had so many issues in the past.  She also informed me that she does keep up with online reviews for the property (a HUGE plus--it means they actually care what is being said). I talked my issues over with her and she assured me they were working on making the property better.  It has been 5 months since I resigned and I have not had one issue.  Jerri is a great lady and always willing to help the tennants any way she can.  This property understands that there are economical issues right now and they have certain advantages in place for those who have fallen on rough times and may not have all rent at that time.  I still think the late fee is a bit high for the first day but that is a company issue and has nothing to do with the office.  I also still have an issue with the sidewalks being slippery after the sprinklers go off ( my children, 60 year old mother, and I (who has a very bad back) have all fallen so we have to walk in the gravel in the mornings.  Other than that rent is fair (especially for the quality and area), the property is fairly safe for being ungated, and the neighbors are all great!
4	Work relocation forced move to Arizona. Met new friend at Bible study who lives here and referred me. First time living in apartments still paying a mortgage in California till the house sells so not much experience in apartment living but content so far. The staff is fantastic! Michelle who is the only one I've dealt with in person is exceptional. She has been very friendly and informative and answered all questions. Over the phone staff had been great as well. The grounds seem well kept, still haven't used all the facilities but are clean and updated.
