5	Got a spherification kit here. Shipped to me and 2 days and works great. good beginner start for me. They also have an abundance of different fruit powders and tools. will be ordering again soon.
5	- you can walk here, but it is a pain.  Take a cab and ask them for directions.- You can walk back, and you may have to, it is harder to get a cab to come here.- For their inventory just check out their page.- They had at least a few very knowledgeable pastry people who were able to help me get what I need.   Very friendly and added to the experience.- They also do classes here, email them for more info.  - They have a really sweet enrobing machine, ask them to turn it on for you.
3	If you work in the restaurant or baking business, chances are you have heard of or have purchased items from Chef Rubber. They carry a wide selection of items (i.e., baking equipments, cooking tools, molecular gastronomy ingredients, rare or hard to find cookbooks).Most of the people do business with Chef Rubber through online purchases, but they do have a physical location in Las Vegas (even if it is located in a non-descript commercial building with a really small Chef Rubber logo.  Taking a cab here is possible, but not recommended, as trying to get a cab on the way back is difficult without calling for one from dispatch.They also offer classes, like chocolate and pulled sugar, taught by some very talented pastry chefs.  I know Chef Jin Caldwell (world class chocolatier and Head Chocolatier at Ethel M's) have taught the chocolate classes here (not sure if she still has the time to teach here).  But these are geared towards industry professionals that want to improve their skills.I can literally spend an entire afternoon just looking at all the cool stuff on their shelves.  But prices for items is definitely not cheap. But what you get in return for their healthy markups is the wide selections under one roof.Location:  3/5 Worth the drive if you live in Las Vegas.  Otherwise just buy it online and have it shipped.Price: 2/5  Pricey.Selection: 4.5/5  They have a lot of stuff!
3	A little difficult to find as it is one of a bunch of warehouses. You have to call in order for them to open the door when you get there. They have a variety of things geared more for the professional pastry chef. The items are pricey. Most people I think order from them online. They have chocolate molds, powders and other ingredients for candies and desserts, serving tiers, silicone molds, tools mostly things for entrements and candy and chocolate making. For cake decorators I recommend Tempting Treasures by Jan.
5	Chef Rubber is my "go to" for SO many things!  Flavor, colorants, sugar & chocolate work equipment and supplies,  molds and forms, molecular gastronomy and my favorite......advice!  If I'm in a pickle, and can't figure something out, one of the staff at Chef Rubber can usually brain storm with me to find a solution.  They are so VERY friendly and knowledgeable!  I get my orders faster from Chef Rubber than any of my other vendors, and they are always accurate.  I teach cake, sugar and chocolate classes all over the country, and I mention or refer my students to Chef Rubber numerous times in each class.  I firmly believe that an artist is only as good as the products they use, and in edible art, quality is even MORE crucial because of it's utilization of all 5 senses.  If you want to improve the quality of your edible art, start using Chef Rubber's products!
5	Awesome place, they have everything, i couldn't believe my eyes. The staff there is amazing!!!
1	I've heard good things about this company and was referred by a colleague, but I was so very disappointed. If I could give them a ZERO rating vs. the ONE star, I certainly would. Their products may be great, but their customer service, follow through, and people on their development team are the WORST I've encountered in my many years of dealing with vendors. I've contacted this company on more than one occasion to help me build silicon molds or assist me with candy melts to use for a product line that is entering the culinary market. After getting little to no replies over several weeks, I decided to approach other companies. Several months later, just to see if it was just a certain person or bad timing on my part having contacted them, I tried to contact them again. I even had another person on my team attempt to get their assistance via phone. No acknowledgement or help whatsoever. Bad customer service. Or NO customer service. If you couldn't help me or were not the right company for what I was looking for, the least you could have done was tell me so the way professional companies do. NEVER referring you guys.
1	The bad reviews are true about Chef Rubber. I went to see them after visiting their booth at the IBIE trade show the other day. I was excited to go an pick up one of their products. When I asked the young women at the front about this product at the trade show, she didn't know what I was talking about. I thought this was strange since they were just promoting their products at the show. You would've thought they would've been better prepared. Since Chef Rubber is in town, there was always a chance someone from the trade show would come by. I ended up walking out because she just kept searching on the computer, not knowing what to do, and then tried to find an available person to help her, which she couldn't. I read the owner's response to one of the reviews and it's amazing he admits to the problems they are having with their service yet blames other factors. Despite all of that, you can make improvements if you really want to. I own a business and there will always be factors, but when it comes to the people that you hire and how they treat customers, you have the power to change that. Maybe you really don't want to and it is time for you to give up and move out of state or better yet get out of the business because it's always someone else's fault.
4	I'm not a pastry chef, nor am I particularly good at baking....  However, I needed some supplies to craft a wedding cake stand and lo and behold this place carries cake dummies for less than $10 without the shipping charges of online companies.  When you walk in, you see the office/staff busy on their desks and there's  a small store to the right side.  I wandered around, nothing seemed to be screaming great deals, but they do have things that you won't find in normal stores like multiple colors of gels/dyes for cakes, etc.  The staff was helpful, as soon as I walked in they asked me what I was looking for and they even went to go retrieve the item for me =)
3	I have a couple of go to items that I buy from Chef Rubber.  The shipping is a little high, so I was really happy to visit their store front when I was in Vegas.The customer service was great when I visited the store.  She was knowledgeable about their products and where to find them.  If you're looking for particular things, you can always ask them, since some of their items are not in the showroom. It was a little hard to go through the items, since they didn't have price tags on them.  However, if you ask the person there, they can scan it and tell you the price.Before I go next time I think I'll place an order online and do will call.
1	I purchase some cocoa butter online from Chef Rubber and after a week of waiting for an email of shipping confirmation or the package I decided to give them a call. The person who handled the call, a lady, said that the system did not process the order and try to blame it on my computer...anyways. My credit card was charged and I explained that to her and she finally admitted they had some problems in the system a couple of weeks ago. She never apologized or try to compensate for their mistake. I asked her to ship the items anyways and refund the shipping charges sin I've lost money and time waiting for it and she unhappily said ok. She NEVER refunded the shipping charges. I am not even calling back because their customer service is SO BAD that ruins my day and I truly don't have the energy to go through that. Worst customer service ever. I am not sure how they are still in business. If you decide to buy online, good luck!
5	Love this place, I shop mainly online but when in Vegas this is one of the first places I visit.  My experiences have been excellent, I'm like a "kid in a candy store" when I visit this place in person.  I need to put away the credit card because I can easily spend $$$ when I'm here.  Staff has always been helpful and answered any questions I may have had during my visits. One issue I had was trying to redeem my gift certificates online while placing an order.  I misplaced my certificates so I didn't have the necessary codes to redeem them. I sent an email and received a reply from Tasha regarding the codes and balances.  After a few tries and alternate codes I still was having problems, I emailed Tasha again and she is currently resolving the issue I'm having.  All this has taken a few days to clear up.  Stuff happens sometimes but this will definitely not discourage me from shopping with chef rubber.  For me their customer service has been excellent!
5	Got everything squared away regarding the gift certificates.  A few items on my list are out of stock but will be arriving within the week and it'll all arrive at my door next week.  Excellent...
5	Chef Rubber is a culinary wonderland!  They offer an amazing assortment of top-notch products paired with excellent customer service.  Chef Rubber is among a very small "inner circle" of trusted vendors for my high-end custom cake studio.  They offer an incredible product range including unique molds for gum paste / fondant, gorgeous colorants, detailed chocolate molds, stylish disposable plastic plates, etc.  Chef Rubber is wonderful to work with when you need custom products.  We have collaborated with them on custom decor powder luster colors to match the stationary from our high end weddings and they did an amazing job.  Rest assured that anything you purchase from Chef Rubber will be absolutely top notch.
5	Chef Rubber has the best customer service. If you can't find something, they'll definitely try and get it for you. Tammy is my fave sales person. She truly goes above and beyond with helping me find the right product / sweets / ideas for my sweet boutique. Will continue to be a loyal customer.
5	I was recently introduced to Chef Rubber through one of my chocolate suppliers. It has been nothing short of wonderful to work with them. Not only do they take whatever time necessary to provide me with information, they also have a library of videos to help explain their product line and industry techniques. The pricing is reasonable and the shipping was immediate. I highly recommend Chef Rubber for your confectionary needs.
5	I use Chef Rubber often and was extremely impressed and thankful for their amazing staff and their willingness to produce and emergency dummy cake for me after I was under the gun for a last minute order!!  They went above and beyond and even called someone in to work through the night to get the job done.  Their attention to detail and willingness to help my business succeed was taken beyond expectation!!  Thanks so much for your awesomeness you all get a gold star!!
