4	Who knew the Armenians were so very friendly and smiling to strangers?  Brought a friend to this church's annual Middle Eastern Festival as he was in town for a day.  What a good move on my part, because we both really had a good time there.  Great people in this church for sure.They had things to purchase (I purchased some baklava to bring home), food to sell and items like paintings, jewelry, purses, food goods, etc.  Nice selection of things.I had to knock off a star for the quality of the food, tho.  The tabouleh was the worst I have ever had which is a shame.  I love tabouleh, so I was really bummed.  The hummus was just ok, and the sarma (dolmades) which is rice wrapped in grape leaves were very good.My friend bought the chicken kabob meal, which he wolfed down so guess it was fine.They brought a good number of young people from California--and the Armenians sitting with me were only too glad to tell me how many huge settlements have taken over which cities in California--in to do traditional dances.  That was fun and interesting.  They really had some nice, nice costumes, too.  Loved it!And they had a lady singing their songs with a band with their native instruments, which everyone enjoyed.  Good entertainment!Try their beer!  It is really, really good beer both of us thought.  Much like Amstel and very tasty.If they will work on bringing up the quality of their tabouleh and hummus I'll gladly put the star back just 'cause the people were so wonderful there.  I hit all the Middle Eastern church festivals when I find them because Middle Eastern is my fav ethnic food...but the food here was disappointing (altho not anywhere near as horrid as Holy Trinity's Greek Fest..barf!).Work on the food, Armenians...leave the people alone (they're wonderful!)!  Just my suggestion.
5	I am not Armenian. I have never attended this church. But I love ArmeniaFest, the church's annual fundraiser. ArmeniaFest is not a major country specific event on a par with the annual Scottish & Highland Games at Steele Indian School Park for example, so don't get your hopes up. It is, however, a phenomenal event when viewed in the context of a small church fundraiser. Great regional food served by actual Armenians! Highly recommended. Just $2 for adults to get in the door. Kids free. There was a bit of a wait in line for food, but we didn't mind because of the live entertainment going on in the background. Our multigenerational group ordered a variety of items, feeling a bit like we were traveling to a foreign country when we tried pronounce our selections. Fantastic. Loved everything.After our main course we also sampled the dessert pastries, purchasing a small package of pretty much everything they offered. We took them to go and then celebrated an Armenian evening at home. Did I mention they had cotton candy for the kids? A friendly server made an extra one, free of charge, for our second child so the two didn't have to share. How nice!We will definitely be back. I'll need the year, however, to work on my Armenian pronunciations!
