5	The enzyme peels are amazing. It made my skin look bright and feel super soft. I also recommend having Jennifer do your eyebrows. She shaped mine perfectly without making them to thin. Since going to her I get compliments on my eyebrows and skin regularly.
5	I've had only a few facials in my time because I never enjoyed them or saw any results, and that was apparently because I had been going to estheticians that didn't know what they were doing.  After meeting Jennifer I decided to give it another try and am forever grateful that I did. Not only did she take the time to assess my skin and therefore my personal needs, but the results were incredible. I have had multiple people complimented me, asking me what I was doing differently because my skin looked significantly "fresher." I used to put tons of foundation on for an even look but now barely use any. I had a regular, customized facial but also a few of the peels (glycolic, lactic, etc) and each treatment she customized to my needs. I won't trust any company but Flawless Skin and Wax for esthetician services and trust me, I'm not a high maintenance type of person, I just know good service when I get it. If this says anything, I would continue going to Jennifer even if she charged twice what she charges, and with that said her services are VERY reasonably priced considering the results you get. I've also been waxed by her and it's not the in-and-out type of experience that you get at a typical place. Oh, and sorry for rambling about her amazing-ness, but she also has topnotch products for sale, all-natural, fragrance free, legitimate products that make a huge difference in day to day use. If you want a genuine esthetician that knows her stuff, you need to go see her, your skin will thank you and you will not be disappointed.
5	I have been going to Jen for a few months now and I am truly amazed at the difference in my skin.  I love the pomegranate and lemon peel, my skin is brighter and smoother and the best part is the NO downtime!  I also began using the product line she carries and I am impressed, it's natural and reasonably priced, my favorite is the vitamin c!  She does not push you to buy products which I like, she is professional and knowledgeable and offers the best service I've ever had and I have had my share of experiences.  I won't go anywhere else!  Thanks for a wonderful job Jen!
5	After several years of trying to find a waxer who would listen to me I finally found her!  I would recommend Jen to anybody. She's a good listener and always takes your skin and lifestyle into consideration when performing a service.
