4	Nice little practice with friendly staff.  Their new office is very nice.  The waiting room has a calming effect because of all the tile and plants.  They don't do their own blood work but there but there is a Sonoran Quest lab in the same office complex.
5	I have been a patient of Dr Pat Dietzgen for many years.  She takes great care of both myself and my 4 children.  I feel that she listens to my concerns and also offers good suggestions.  I have been to Dr Mark Dietzgen for weight loss help.  I found his recommendations to be very successful.  When my friends ask me where to go for good medical care I always say Ahwatukee Primary Care.
5	This is the first medical practice I ever felt writing about. The waiting room is warm and comfortable, the staff is friendly, and most importantly, the doctors are great. I have been seeing Patricia Dietzgen for about 3 years now. She is a no nonsense gal. Both her and her husband look you in the eye and have a conversation with you. They call you by name, and make a point of familiarize themselves with you. I just had some back issues and Mark Dietzgen did acupuncture on me. Hobbled in, and walked out. It was great. Everything about this practice is nice. You could compare them to old fashion service with the modern technology to be efficient.
5	It took me less time to draw blood than to draw tears because I did not have an appointment. Excellent facilities.The interaction with patients is quick and professional.When you need to test your health..
1	This is the worst care I have received. I was very sick and losing weight rapidly and I saw Michelle Barnett, NP for two appointments. She prescribed me several prescriptions without refills. Additionally I saw the other NP for an appointment that was a complete waste of my time as she was not able to help my situation at all. When I ran low on my prescription my pharmacy sent a refill request. It was not honored. I called Ahwatukee Primary Care and they informed me they do not refill prescriptions with a refill request fax and I would need to come in to see another doctor because Michelle Barnett left the practice. I am very sick without my prescription, but they did not bother to tell me she had left and my prescription remains un-filled. They were not compassionate about me being out of my medication. They didn't have any appointments that work for me (they close early and I do not have childcare), so I am going to another doctor at another practice close by that was able to get me in at an appointment that worked today. I will not return to this practice.
1	This is not a medical facility if you are looking for long term management of your health.  I can't even say they are very reactive to any issues.  Instead, you will find that you wait in the lobby for much longer than you are treated.  Average wait time for me over the course of two years was about 20-30 minutes past the appointment time.  Average time waiting in personal room, another 15 minutes.  Average time speaking with "doctor" or nurse practitioner  10 minutes.  30 minutes of waiting and 10 minutes of service.  The final straw was being charged 84  dollars to wait 30 minutes (the average) and then 2 minutes to pick up a prescription refill.  While many others may have had a better experience, I can not stand for the services and treatment received.  Don't keep going to this place if you hate it.  YOU HAVE OPTIONS!
