1	What a disappointment. $9 for 10 dumplings and they were barely lukewarm. Not to mention skins practically as thick as the filling. Honestly, you'd be better off buying frozen dumplings from Asian Midway Foods on Park Street or the Garden Asian Market in Middleton and cooking them yourself.
3	Good for a quick noodle dish and the only place I know of in Madison that serves a big variety of dumplings/steamed buns.
4	Fantastic food. One of the freshest Asian meal I ever had. They make dumplings by hand fresh and we could taste the freshness of ingredients and everybody in my family loved it. Peanut noodles were amazing. Good service and I hope they maintain the quality of service and food consistently.
5	Ate here for lunch while shopping at Hilldale.  I was with another person and shared an order of pan-fried Haus dumplings. These were excellent and I would definitely come back to try other dishes. Dumplings are made fresh and you can definitely taste it. The only thing that I would change would be the ordering method. The restaurant had menus that you would expect at a full-service place, but there was no formal seating or waiter service. I would recommend a menu board that explains dishes better instead of having those available at the front. But that is a very minor detail. Go and check out this place!
4	Good food for a good price in a cute restaurant. Tasty veggie bao. However, if your vegetarian or vegan, I recommend specifying this, as my soba with tomato definitely included some beef broth that I chose to ignore due to massive hunger. In and out in like 20 minutes. Definitely worth checking out, even if you have to go to Hilldale to do it :D
5	Wow, wow, and more wow.  What an amazing place and maybe a new favorite for me and my wife. Simply amazing.We tried a little of this and a little of that off the menu and I will say right from the start that the Haus Noodle Soup might have been one of the best soups I have had in a long time...simply delicious and by far the best thing I had all night.In addition to the soup we tried the Pork and Veggie Won Tons and they were awesome as well as the Bao Zi that the owner brought out for our daughter.  So many delicious looking things on the menu and only so much room in the tummy.No need to worry, I will be back many times to sample it all.  Thank you for a wonderful night.
4	Fresh, friendly and very tasty. We had the Sesame Noodle Kick (rich and spicy noodles done al dente) with the Veggie Bao Zi (4 steamed buns filled with tender greens). The person who took our order was very friendly and offered helpful suggestions. We are soon to be regulars here. A great addition to the west side dining scene.
5	Tried the Dumpling Haus for the first time today for a late lunch.  So, so delicious!  We started with the pork steamed dumplings (forgot name), then I had the Sesame Noodle Kick and my husband had the Pork Lo Mein, we finished off with the steamed buns with the red bean paste for some dessert.  This ended up being quite a bit of food, but I'm proud to say we ate it all!I loved the open feeling of the restaurant and being able to watch all the food being made.  Service was great too - every table was full and people kept rolling in, but the employees were very efficient and the wait for our food was not long.  All our food tasted fresh and everything had great flavor.
5	Excellent dumpling house in any city, and amazingly enough it's inside the indoor section of Hilldale mall! They make the dumplings fresh daily and it shows. The potstickers (Haus sticker) and bbq pork bao's are excellent. Wonton soup was also great. I've spent time eating Dim Sum in Seattle, Chicago, and Dallas chinatowns and was a regular at a dumpling house in Dallas, and the dumplings here matched the best from elsewhere. Wonton soup was also nicely flavored and with fresh ingredients. The shrimp dumplings were our only order that was not wonderful (still not bad though). Note it's not dim sum. You order at the counter and sit down and then you're served as they are ready. Best to share. Next time we'll try a noodle bowl and the shaomai.
3	Don't get me wrong, the food here is great and authentic. The issue I have is the price. You can get similar meals for half the price at other restaurants in Madison. My guess is you're paying the "being in Hilldale Mall" tax, because they have a great location and I'm guessing rent isn't cheap. Everything I've tried on the menu has been great and very authentic, but if I want something more than just dumplings then I'm spending more than $10, which seems excessive to me.There happens to be another Chinese restaurant in that same mall that has more reasonable prices. I recommend that you treat yourself to Dumpling Haus if you're with a group of people (so you can share dishes) and don't mind the price once or twice a month, but if you're watching your spending go elsewhere.
3	It's okay.  I think a lot of the buzz is coming due to the fact that the restaurant is new.  The dumplings are very fresh, and although the restaurant is very modern, open and pleasant to the eye, there aren't  many places to sit.  I've been to Umami Ramen and Dumpling Bar on Willy Street and really like the ambiance, service, and food much better.
4	Went to Dumpling Haus for the first time tonight.  Ordered the pan-fried dumplings, BBQ Bao Zi, and sesame noodle kick.  The dumplings were excellent- filling had nice flavor, sauce was good.  My husband had the Bao Zi.  He says it was a little dry, but edible;  he'll try something different next time.  The noodles were also quite good, flavorful but not too spicy.  Service was friendly and quick.  I'll go again.
1	Victor B. mostly nailed this one. I can't believe all the gushing reviews here. The food here is really terrible and despite the name you can get better dumplings in the frozen food aisle of any asian market.We tried some bao zi (buns) and guo tie (potstickers) and the peanut noodles. Both the potstickers and the buns had the same extremely bland filling. We pulled the filling out of one and it also had an unappetizing rubbery texture.  Furthermore, the buns had a slightly yeasty flavor to their dough that neither of us enjoyed.  Oh and they served soy sauce mixed with ginger and some other herbs with our bao zi and our guo tie with nothing. This makes absolutely no sense and should obviously be swapped. Who puts soy sauce on their bao zi?From there we moved on to the peanut noodles which were probably the best thing we had, but it required some work on our part. There is a chinese peanut noodle dish topped with a sweet soy sauce that I tried to replicate with normal soy sauce. It elevated it to edible which is more than I can say for the other dishes.The biggest problem here though is the price. Peanut Noodles were noodles and some cucumber slices in a rather small serving size for 8 dollars. Our other items were similarly overpriced. You can get much better, though slightly unorthodox, potstickers at China Wok for close to 2/3 price and get a larger serving.However, I give the place a lot of credit for its interior design. It's nice and bright and the bar setup really works for a place that serves their fare. Too bad their decor is let down by their product.
5	I am Chinese, and these dumpling rival those of my mother, which is saying a lot.  We love that the place is staffed by true Chinese and that everything is made by hand.A few things are Americanized on the menu, but are also very good.  For those not a fan of red bean, try the Nutella bao.  Amaaazing!Only complaint I have is the price.  Much more expensive than dumplings at most Chinese restaurants, but it is well worth it.
3	Good Food, but WAY OVERPRICED!!I have been there twice since it opened, mainly because I missed authentic Chinese food.  I've only had the noodles there, and they are very authentic and taste good.  However, this restaurant definitely skimps on the amount of "other stuff" you get with your noodles.  My noodle soup consisted of just noodles and some spoonfuls of broth plus tiny amounts of canned veggies and strings of pork.  Flavors are good, but in my opinion not worth the price.  I'm only going to be coming here for cravings, definitely not going to be a regular.  If they dropped the price I'd probably be a regular.
5	I was here for a friend's wedding (we're from Pittsburgh) and we had our nails done in the salon across from the dumpling haus. I knew I had to try it! So the next day I dragged my boyfriend with me and it was totally worth the drive out. The dumplings taste like the ones my mom makes by hand and the bao zi (steamed buns) reminded me of food we would get in Taiwan. Yes, its a little expensive, but if you want something authentic and truly homemade, then you won't mind shelling out a couple bucks. We had the Haus Dumplings, shrimp dumlings, haus bao zi, and the BBQ bao zi. You have to dip them in the accompanying sauce or I mixed soy and the hot pepper sauce they provide. The place was packed and the food took a little bit to come out. But you could see them making your order so you know it was fresh. I only regret is we couldn't come back to try the noodle bowls and tofu salad. Next time we make the trip out to Madison, I hope to come back and try everything else! **This is not Americanized Chinese food! No General Tso's here! If you would like to try the REAL stuff, give this place a go.
2	I've eaten here several times.  The food is ok.  I've always felt like the dumplings weren't quite a full meal; I'd really like if there were side options with them.  I would rate them a three except for the pricing.  Yesterday, my boyfriend and I went to get a small dinner and paid $21 despite not ordering beverages (they have free water).
5	FANTASTIC AND AUTHENTIC BEIJING CUISINE!!!!I lived in Beijing for about a year and since I have got back I have been searching and searching and searching for the food that I ate there every day and took for granted. I have eaten chinese food in Los Angeles (seriously, I drove for hours and hours to try a *good* restaurant). I have eaten chinese food in NYC. I have tried chinese food in "authentic" restaurants in Minneapolis and San Francisco. Dumpling Haus is the  one that reminds me the most of the flavors of China. I went for 2 of my staples in China. Ji Dan Chao Fan (egg fried rice) and Xi Hong Shi Ji Dan Mian (egg and tomato noodles), and they were fantastic, authentic, and reminded me of sitting in my neighborhood restaurant in the middle of January in Beijing. Once I received the bill I was reminded that I am not in China. But eating here is much cheaper than buying a plane ticket back to Beijing. To the people hatting on this place because of prices: Just mention it in your review, don't base your review on the price. Yelp is about the food. The place is in Midvale mall... it's supposed to be pricey. DUH.
5	Absolutely delicious! Haus dumplings and noodles are standouts.
4	Not entirely sure why a chinese restaurant would name it self a "Haus", except maybe that it's a pun - "Bao haus", maybe?Anyway.Overall, it's a nice, minimalist space, with good dumplings and noodle bowls, run by the former proprietors of Yen Ching.   The menu is similar to their old restaurants popular Sunday dim sum menu - Beijing style dumplings, shao mei, a few varieties of steamed bao, and some slow-cooked meats.  The large noodle bowls are a welcome addition - fresh, soft noodles tossed with toppings or in soup.  The tomato and egg noodle bowl is a particular favorite; hearty and savory but not leaden.  The noodles with pork and black bean is heavy on the salty fermented black bean sauce,  which I happen to love but realize may not be to everyone's taste.  A few of the soups are near-misses, though.  The "pork with pickled cabbage" is a simple broth with diced pork and Chinese preserved greens, which is admittedly a classic dish but in this implementation none of the flavors really come through.The dumplings are steamed or boiled, so for the most part are a bit heavier than what most people expect from a potsticker-type wonton.  The filling is a nice balance of pork, soy and seasonings.  The bao are all steamed, and as a nice touch the various buns use differing doughs depending on filling - a slightly flakier one for the BBQ pork, a fluffy dough for the vegetarian, etc.  The BBQ pork filling is a just a bit too sweet, but the other fillings are well executed.The side dishes of the slow-cooked pork and slow-cooked beef are, however, really underrated and under-advertised.  The beef is a sliced piece of what appears to be a brisket or some other tougher plate cut, braised for a very long time in soy, rice wine and star anise.  It complements a plain steamed bun very nicely.  Even better is the pork, a red-braised hunk of pork belly that is meltingly tender (although very fatty - it is pork belly, after all).The biggest drawbacks to this place are the counter service, which while in theory would work just fine, tends to be a bit haphazard during peak hours, and the price.  It's a reasonably good value, but everything feels just about a buck-and-a-half too expensive, especially considering how often they've run out of specific items during my visits.
3	A-OK is a good description for our experience of the food, decor and service on an initial visit to Dumpling Haus.  I had the Sesame Noodle Kick and my husband the Veggie Lo Mein; we shared one order of pork dumplings.  All dishes were hot and fairly tasty.  The Veggie Lo Mein was a little bland but some soy chili sauce brought out a little more flavor.  Service was quick.  Since patrons order at the counter and are expected to take dishes to the back upon completion of the meal (which sometimes does not happen), we expected the food to be priced a little lower than it is.  Overall, it was a decent fast food experience but also a little expensive.  The above dishes, along with one beer, was just over $30--$15 apiece for a fast food meal.
3	Been here twice. Food was decent. But being Asian. I know my Chinese food. I cook frozen dumplings at home all the time. I can't say that the price justifies the number of dumplings ($9 for 10) or its taste given how a bag of 20 at Asian midway is like $3.50. Noodles here are authentic though. The reason why I still come here is because i like how their noodles taste. Still... 8 bucks for a bowl of noodles that cost less than a dollar to make is absurd. BUT that being said, the store is in hilldale and I'm guessing rent isn't exactly cheap. So prices are justifiable but hard for me to stomach when their fares are cheap street eats while visiting Shanghai and Bejing. Bottom-line: average dumplings / great authentic tasting noodles / Bank breaking price ( I dont feel I'm getting a bang for my buck here, more like a poke)
5	The Dumpling House is our kids' favorite restaurant! Their Haus Noodle Soup with beef is stellar, but the star item is the Haus Jiao Zi--they are, literally, the best dumplings I've ever eaten. The Pork Shao Mai and Mini Wonton Soup are also huge hits.  The food is great and the atmosphere at Hilldale Mall is low-key & easy to manage with small ones in tow. What makes the Dumpling Haus really special are the owners: my middle son actually tells Jenny that he loves her and they always have time for a chat with us when we are there.
2	The food was alright, not earth shattering. More than anything the service was terrible! They screwed up out order, and instead of making our food immediately, they spent a good 10 minutes of trying to figure out how they messed it up. So what should have been a 15 minute wait for food, we waited over 30. To top it off, we weren't offered any consultation or compensation for the additional wait.
4	Dumpling Haus, near Macy's in the Hilldale Mall, is my favorite place in Madison to get fresh Chinese comfort food (no typical greasy Chinese food here). The prices are a bit high, but the quality of the food is about worth it to me. The restaurant can fill up fast during peak hours, but I've never had to wait long for a seat. It's a quick-casual, order at the counter operation.My favorite dish so far is the sesame noodle kick, which is a simple sesame, garlic, and ginger noodle dish with diced scallions and sesame seeds on top. It has so much flavor that I don't even miss the meat (and I don't typically order vegetarian dishes). The taco-style bao with pork was also very tasty, although the pork seemed a wee bit overcooked; next time I'll try the chicken. I loved the white fluffiness and heartiness of the bao itself, though. If you're feeling under the weather, do your stomach a favor and try their chicken noodle soup. With fresh noodles, rotisserie chicken, greens, and a nice hearty broth, it's a great comfort dish. Their nutella bao is excellent. They also have custard and red bean varieties that I haven't tried, but are probably just as good.
5	In my humble opinion, the best thing about channels like the Food Network and the Travel Channel is that they have given ethnic foods a platform to showcase their rich cuisine.  The Dumpling Haus in Madison, Wisconsin is the very definition of forward thinking Asian cuisine that is rooted in treasured family recipes and that showcases one of the world's most perfect foods - the simple dumpling.  The house made Haus Stickers, Shrimp Dumplings and Haus Jiao Zi were expertly made, and when you bite into their delicately soft shells your mouth will be immediately TKO ed with rich flavors and textures whereby you will taste each ingredient separately (unlike many dumplings which only "Haus" a mushy pork flavored center).   But the real show stealer is the Taco Bao!  Inside the soft doughy shell is a perfectly cooked and textured slice of rich pork belly -- I am sure there were other things too, but I got lost in the slice of yummy yummy pork belly.   I also tried some of the noodle dishes and took home some Bao, all of which were really good; but lets be honest - you should not waste premium tummy space on anything but the dumplings and the all mighty Taco Bao.   If you ever find yourself in Madison, Wisconsin - forget the cheese and eat dumplings instead --- at the Dumpling Haus! Insider note:  Ask the Haus for a side of Chinese mustard and dip any of the dumplings in the mustard before the soy sauce and you will get a extra special flavor boost.
4	First of all, don't go to a place called "Dumpling Haus," not order the dumplings and then write a review about the mediocre noodles/fried rice/etc. This place is delicious.  I really enjoyed the dumplings.  The reviewers who complain about the skin being thick must have never had fresh handmade dumpling skins.  They do tend to be a little bit thicker than machine rolled ones, but they are also more tender.  The dumpling skins here are only slightly thicker than machine rolled ones, but they aren't "as thick as the filling." The food is a bit overpriced for what you would find in LA, where competition for Chinese food is fierce, especially in the San Gabriel Valley.  But I find the prices about right for Madison.  Seriously, I rather pay 9 dollars for 10 appropriately portioned delicious, fresh, handmade dumplings than $8 for overly sweet and greasy General Tso's chicken, no matter how much of it they stuff into the styrofoam container.  We ordered the dumplings (jiao zi), pork baos, and zha jian mien (fermented bean sauce noodles).  The dumplings were my favorite and the baos were also tasty.  I didn't find any unpleasant "yeasty flavor" that another reviewer mentioned, but also steamed buns should be a little bit yeasty.  The dough should be just a little bit over risen before it goes into the steamer so the fragrance of the yeast is there without it tasting like sourdough.  I miss that fragrance, and it's one that you don't find in your regular sliced bread.  The noodles were overcooked though, which was unfortunate.  I really wish I had known that the "taco bao" wasn't actually some fusion attempt at putting cheese and ground meat into a steamed bun, but instead what sounds like a delicious slice of pork belly.  It's casual dining.  You order up front and bus your own tables.  The decor is cute and reminds me of a trendy Taiwan place if it were half the size with the same number of tables.
3	My husband and I came here for one of our date nights.  We ordered the jiao zi dumplings, which were delicious.  I wish we knew about the spicy mustard or other dipping sauces before eating the dumplings.  We were handed the dumplings with simply soy sauce, making the dumplings a little bland (we like some heat and extra flavor in dips normally).  The food was definitely authentic and fresh; however, the environment was a bit "fast-foody", not really inviting you stay very long.  For a quick dinner, the Dumpling Haus is an excellent option.
2	I ordered the shrimp dumpling (har gow)...I know it's a rip off but I had a major craving for it. The dumplings are seriously half the size of a normal size har gow (the pics on yelp are probably really zoomed in). The shrimp was overcooked..it tastes almost like it was made from a frozen package. If this is your first time eating har gow, you should really try it in a real har gow in SF, NYC or Chicago.
2	Okay, I REALLY wanted to like this place! I am always looking for somewhere to get fresh, flavorful dishes...but I just felt like this was a bit of a miss.I ordered the Seasonal Harvest noodles with the add on of 4 haus dumplings. The noodle dish is vegetarian and changes depending on the veggies available. I am A-OK with vegetarian dishes, but not flavorless ones. This seriously tasted like plain noodles in water with carrots and bok choy. That's it. There was no seasoning whatsoever. The veggies were fresh and nice...but I was glad that I had gotten the dumplings(which were decent, but not amazing) to supplement. The melon green tea was refreshing, and sadly, my favorite part of the meal. The man got the pork potstickers which, again, were okay but not amazing. I agree with the comment that prices seemed high. The noodles were around $9 with the mini order of dumplings an additional $3.50. Considering the fact that I left half my noodles(and not because I was full), it was spendy. I would like to go again and try the bao, and maybe a different noodle dish. Like I said, I REALLY wanted to like it. I hope to get the chance to update with an improved review in the future.*And as far as the review from C.L. about ordering non-dumplings from a place called "Dumpling Haus", I don't think that a place called the "Chicken Shack" has an excuse for having a crappy steak, if they choose to put a steak on the menu. If dumplings are the only thing you do well, then maybe you need to just stick to dumplings.
4	The food here is very plain and traditional like you would find in Beijing China. It is not your 'Americanize Chinese food" you would find at some China Wok or Buffet on Main Street where it is filled with sodium and blah dark sauce. The dumplings, bowl of noodles, and bao was hot and fresh when served. The dipping sauce for the dumpling was  good (soy with a hint of vinegar just like in China). The fried rice here was very traditional like you would find in the restaurants of China. As expected, there are soy sauce and hot sauce widely available for you to make it to your liking when ordering the noodles, dumplings, fried rice, etc.  The service staff here are helpful with the menu recommendations if you don't know what to order. Lastly, they are very sweet  after putting my left over in a box, one of them came over and gave me a bag to carry my left overs as I was leaving - how helpful!
3	MOAR BAO ZI. MOAR.Despite the super anglicized name, DumplingHaus seems to be a typical mom-and-pop Chinese restaurant. The adorable gentleman at the cash register reminded me of my grandfather, really! So much so that I was THIS close to ordering my food in Chinese...but I could only really read half of the Chinese text on the menu so I didn't want to make a fool of myself. Anyway, I didn't have very high expectations for the food (seriously now, who would expect a place called "DumplingHaus" to provide high-quality, authentic Chinese food?!), so there wasn't much for the restaurant to live up to. I ordered the cold peanut noodles and a plate of veggie bao zi. Neither of the dishes was very complex, and I am 110% positive that the veggie bao zi came from some plastic bag from a frozen foods aisle, but I'm not complaining - they hit the spot! I've since picked up some veggie bao zi from a local grocery store, so I probably won't be back any time soon, but it is good to know that a Chinese restaurant like this exists in Madison!
4	Yay they have multiple Baos and dumplings. We shared the dumplings (jiao zi), pork and chive baos, and black bean pork noodles (zha jian mien)...or the basics, it seemed. I'll review the noodles first. I have to admit I am slightly addicted to the Korean version jjajangmyun and this was my first time with the Chinese antecedent. I found this to be a little too salty and definitely lacking the flavors that make me eat jjajangmyun every single time I eat at a Korean restaurant. I really can't speak to the quality of the Chinese version but I don't think I'll be ordering this again before I try more on the menu. Too salty, too oniony, just not quite there for me. The dumplings I had with them on the side were delicious and I could sit and eat those all day. Full of flavor, cooked perfectly, and plump. The bao was also really good. The dough was some of the best I have had...as someone who has never been to China. The filling didn't quite seem to fill the cavity but it tasted great. Real standard but delicious.  Finally, the red bean bao. These did not disappoint. I am looking forward to trying Chinese custard so I will order those next time but will keep ordering these if those don't turn out to be incredible. Overall, this is good bao and dumplings. We got the basics this time, but we are looking forward to going back and trying other ones. Also, their water container is imported from Italy and is awesome.
4	I think the overall eating experience that I had here was a 3, but since I appreciate this place being here and I'm excited to come back it gets a +1. Also, for our first time we tried all of the basics which were...just okay. Not spectacular. The haus bao zi filling was like a meatball that didn't fill in the inside of the bao. But then the bao itself was fluffy and light in taste. Yumz0rs.The red bean bao was nice, both inside and outside. Tried the black bean & pork noodle bowl which I didn't think was great in comparison to other jajamyun I've had. The dumplings were okay; maybe a little too wet. This is what I thought was great: first of all. Real bao! Thank you! We decided to come here after having gone to Umami and having to deal with the stupid slider trend. Also, with a name like dumplinghaus, a pretty cool logo and all hipstery in the inside ...I don't know what type of people you'd expect to be running this. But in the cash register there was a Chinese grandpa, cleaning the tables a Chinese grandpa, a bunch of old Chinese people yelling at each other in Chinese behind the bar. Great, no? I'll be back soon! :)
3	Good tasting dumplings but a bit overpriced..what do you expect at Hilldale?
5	I love this place, I know the owners from their previous restaurant "Yen Chings" and they have went from classic Chinese dishes to these new and fresh dumplings, wantons, and noodle dishes but brought their delicious soups along (which I am very thankful for).  I love the people who work here they are super friendly and very funny :)My favorites are:Hot and Sour Soup Haus StickersVeggie Wontons Haus Noodle Soup nomnomnom :) enjoy!!
5	Just awesome. I've spent a long time looking for consistently and legitimately delicious Asian food in Madison and I think I've finally found it in Dumpling Haus. It's not your typical beef-and-broccoli take-out by any means, instead focusing entirely on noodle soup and dumplings, mainly bao. The steamed dumplings here are without a doubt the best that I have ever had, and the noodles are almost up there. My one complaint is that they don't have many items on the menu that aren't filled with pork, making it difficult (but still enjoyable) to eat kosher or halal in here.The man behind the counter is so warm and friendly that I'd find myself frequenting this place just because I wanted to see his business succeed. And from the looks of it, he's doing pretty well. A serious congratulations to the owners is in order for taking a cuisine that has been bastardized a million times over in America, and making it into something refreshing (both the idea and the food itself), simple, and unique.
4	Northern Chinese food of authenticity! I try to eat there as much as I can.
2	The theme of this review is that DumplingHaus is overpriced, but the idea is smart.DumplingHaus, as its name implies, offers a variety of Chinese dumplings and baozi (a larger type of steamed dumpling with thicker skin). The Chinese dumplings are around $8-$10 for around 8-10 dumplings. That's a dollar each. These are literally the same dumplings you can get at an Asian grocery store. I usually pay $8 for a bag of 30 dumplings. Doing the math makes me very confused at DumplingHaus' pricing level. The baozi is a similar hilarity -- $6 for 2-4 baozi. You can buy larger baozi than the ones they serve here for less. Another specialty here is their noodle bowls. You definitely won't get full on one bowl of this as they really cut back on the amount of noodles and toppings you get. Now, I mentioned that the idea is smart. I give credit to that. That is why DumplingHaus get two stars, rather than one. They are smart because other Chinese restaurants don't offer these variety of dumplings and boazi. Most people are unfamiliar with what they are, so DumplingHaus instills curiosity of people passing by their cafe in the mall. If your curiosity overtakes your practicality for an instant, I won't blame you.
5	Always excellent food.  Hot noodles for a cold shopping day!
3	Ordered dumplings, a tofu salad, and some noodles for takeout. Can't remember exactly what we ordered but it was delicious.  Nice friendly service with a smile.  I liked it.
4	When I want a hot bowl of soup, from really nice folks, this is where I come.  This is not your typical Chinese restaurant.  Food is light and fresh and very good.
4	Try the shrimp dumplings!  They are delicious, as are the noodles.  I would recommend not going here if you plan to eat vegetarian though, most of the vegetable dishes are a bit on the bland side.
4	Yummmmmmmm
3	Great food and great interior, but really overpriced. I've tried their black bean noodles and their spicy peanut noodles.  I must admit, I'm a little addicted to the spicy peanut noodles.  $8 seems a bit much for such simple noodle dishes but I find them to be extremely filling, even though the portions don't look huge. I've also tried their regular haus dumplings.  No complaints on the dumplings, but they're the same thing you would get anywhere else, and at $3.50 for three of them...?  Pass.  They have really cool and creative flavors for different dumplings and steamed buns, especially their dessert ones.  But, as other reviewers have mentioned, you're paying $1-2 per dumpling which is just crazy.  But I guess they can get away with the high pricing in their neighborhood they're in.They get extra points for always seeming to advertise gluten free options on the menu.  My gluten free friends appreciate it.
4	This family run business is a solid option for quality afternoon snacks, late lunches, or pre-movie dinners.  The couple in charge used to run a more traditional restaurant and their knowledge of running a good show is apparent in their new joint's consistency, cleanliness, and authenticity. I am not sure where negative reviewers are going for food like this in Madison, but dumpling haus hasn't failed me yet. Hits: Laid back atmosphere, family style presentation, and "love Love in dough & hand crafted to perfection" (yes, I stole it from their webpage. I use it because its true.) Misses: Location at hilldale... mainily because my favorite dumpling places in other cities are hidden hole in the walls. That said, it is brightly lit and always clean. Hints: Not sure what you want or the difference between your options? Ask owner and chef extraordinaire Jenny Yin for advice. Once you chat, you'll have a food friend for life. Bottom Line: Go for the food, return for the food plus for the family run atmosphere.
4	I decided to visit Dumpling Haus yesterday after discovering that they served BBQ bao, an item I've been craving since a first had one in San Francisco years ago. My dining companions and I decided to try the BBQ buns, shrimp and haus dumplings and the Nutella buns for dessert. Everything was quite tasty, but I would have liked a bit more filling inside the buns, as the dough was a bit overpowering. The star of the meal for everyone at the table was the shrimp dumpling. The bite-size pockets of goodness were amazing and so full of flavor! Definitely a must try. Overall, the food was tasty at Dumpling Haus. Although the pork buns weren't as great as the one I had in SF's Chinatown, the dumplings were enough to ensure that I will be back again.
3	It's good for what you can get in Madison. The roots of the chef is Northern China, so the dumplings are decent. It's nice that there are some dim sum like dishes---shrimp dumplings and pork sumai. Until the market expands, it's one of the better dumpling places in Madison. However, it is overpriced.
4	A very decent little dumpling house. I find myself making excuses to get out to Hilldale despite being an Isthmus-dweller -- much better bao than most places in town and the dumplings are a cut above.If you're used to most of the downtown Madison take on pork buns, get the 'taco bao'. This is somewhat confusing as there's a lingo difference -- the pork bun at dumpling haus is probably not a char sui bao as I'd hoped, but more of a minced sausage filling (though also very delicious). Overall it is casual and unpretentious, serving tasty, fresh food.
3	As a chinese, this is really a rip-off. SO EXPENSIVE. :| But it is quick, and some items are pretty good. so ok, I come here if I'm in a rush to watch my movie and the other places are busy.Seriously, I'm such a small eater and I'm really hungry unless I come with a group of friends and order a huge variety of things. The peanut noodles are good. BUT it's just sesame oil and peanuts, and there is only half a portion in there, for $8. BOOHOO.Ok, so what's worth eating here. Get the buns, it's filling. And if you miss dim sum, they have decent pork shu mai and prawn dumplings (ha gau). *Shrugs*I think the steamed dumplings here are ok. The skin is too thick for me. And the fried ones are similar too :( boohoo. Go to Umami if you want to get good dumplings.
5	The absolute best tart cabbage/noodle soup and dumplings EVER!  It was awesome.
3	I finally got to taste their shrimp dumpling. And it was okay. The sauce was not my favorite at all. I'd give it the benefit of a doubt so I may try other menu and might have a different opinion. As for now, a three-star rate is sufficient.
5	I ordered a tofu salad and I got tofu with cornflakes on top. WTF? It was really good. WTF!?!?The soup dumplings (xiao long bao) weren't half bad, either.
5	The soup dumplings are better than the ones in Chinatown in San Fran!  Friendly owners and great food!
5	Simple and delicious
4	Some people may think my rating of four stars for DumplingHaus is too high, but let me explain.DumplingHaus is located in Madison, Wisconsin, which -after living for about five years there- is not a city known for Dim Sum, let alone tasty Chinese food. Although the city has increased the number of Chinese restaurants since I've lived there, it still is far less than other large mid-western cities. That's why DumplingHaus' prices are so high. There's no competition!I rolled up into DumplingHaus with my Asian crew, and we got dumpling wasted! Where was DumplingHaus during my college career? Below are the dishes we feasted on:Shrimp Dumplings - Very tasty, but I don't think I would order it again.Pork Shaomai - The pan-fried dumplings stuffed with pork, veggies, ginger, and scallions were delicious. I regret not eating more. Wonton Soup - Solid dumplings with a very tasty (and not too salty) broth. This is perhaps the biggest surprise I had eating here. A small serving for the price.Barbecue Bao - The bun filled with roasted barbecue pork was good, but not great.4 Servings of Xiao Long Bao - The soup dumplings filled with pork and ginger were very good. So good, that after the initial serving, we ordered three more. For only the Xiao Long Bao, that's 32 total dumplings. *Note: Be careful when eating. The soup in the dumpling will burn your mouth.Overall, all of the dumplings and bao are great. After our meal, we had an opportunity to speak the owners. I asked them if the dumplings were fresh, and they said that they make their dumplings from scratch the day before. They are then put in the freezer at night so they are ready to be steamed the next day before being served. The food isn't the best that I've ever had, but given that it's Madison, WI, it would be difficult to find a better place. But that's not to take anything away from DumplingHaus. The food is delicious, and I wish there was several of them in the Twin Cities! I would get my fix every week.
1	My Korean friend, who used to be married to a Chinese person, and I went here hoping for a really good meal.  The food was terrible and very very bland.  So pretty much authentic Chinese food.  What made it worse is one year later I saw one of the employees leave the men's room without washing his hands, so again, very authentic.  EWWWWW!!
3	For the prices ($7-9 for dumplings or soup), I was disappointed. Perhaps knowing that the cost of what I ordered in Beijing was about 1/12 the cost of here didnt help. The XLB were pretty tasty-- the broth and meat inside were good, but at $7 it was just too much. Haus special soup was average. Barbecue pork buns didnt quite have enough filling I thought, but the little they had were pretty good. I would just suggest lowering the prices or increasing the amount of food, otherwise it is mediocre.
4	This is a good place for a quick fix, the dumplings are good and there are a few tasty noodle bowls too. This is not a place for groups, even 5 people in your party would be too many. The XLB and 'house' offerings are the best in my opinion, there is hot sauce for everything else. Very casual atmosphere I like sneaking in on a Sunday morning or for a quick snack while shopping.
4	On my constant quest for trying new places for lunch, I found myself at the DumplingHaus. I wish I could help with what I had... um, a dumpling? Yes, that's obvious - I believe the guy gave me the house special. Surprisingly, chopsticks aren't that hard to use (when you read the instructions on the paper wrapper they come in).I am a fan of dumplings now, I just need to get better at learning what I'm ordering and find ones that I love, not just enjoy! I'll be back for sure!
2	I've eaten here a lot, and I used to really like it. But lately I notice that there is something wrong with the pork taco bao. It had a very and smell that it didn't have before. I couldn't bring myself to even try it. It used to be pretty decent, but  not so much lately...
4	I love this place! Both the food and the service are outstanding. I've had most of the dumplings and buns and definitely prefer the dumplings. I find myself wishing there was more "stuff" in the buns but they are still good (especially the one with Nutella).My personal favorite is the cold peanut glazed noodle bowl. It's very simple but tastes so good and I love the slivers of cucumber combined with the texture of the noodles. Of course the peanut sauce is something I could just drink.
3	Dumpling Haus is great compared to your other options in Madison.  It provides a nice solid choice but I cannot say that is the best when compared to all the other dumplings I've had over the course of my life in other cities!Got the...nutella buns- you can't really go wrong with nutella. so this was a tasty treatHaus Noodle Soup- it was good but didn't have a amazing quality about it that would make me want to order it againXiao Long Bao- these were my favorite among what I got. I'm a big fan of soup dumplings. These aren't the best I've ever had but if I were craving some I would come to dumpling haus to get them.It's a cute shop, all those steam from the dumpling making make the windows of the restaurant front steam up like crazy!
4	I really like the dumpling haus.  I love the soup dumplings - as good as any I have had anywhere - and I love the more homey items like the tomato omelette! My husband's mother makes this for dinner all the time, but I had never encountered it in a restaurant before.  The place is cute and clean.  Yum!
4	The Wife and I decided to try DumplingHaus at Hilldale Mall for dinner last night, a brave decision since I've eaten more than my fair share of dumplings in China and haven't found any quite as good here in the States. Suffice it to say, we were VERY pleased with the experience.Landing somewhere between a fast food restaurant and a sit-down restaurant, the DumplingHaus nevertheless delivers a good experience. Customers order at the counter in the entrance, then find a seat and wait for the staff to bring your food to your table. We were there at 6:30pm, the height of dinner, and only waited about 5 minutes to get a table and another 5 or so to get our food.We shared an order of their Haus Jiao Zi, which are their homemade Beijing-style dumplings. I found them to be delicious -- they reminded me of the best dumplings I've ever had, which I got at a back-alley restaurant in Beijing -- and The Wife's eyes got big when she tasted her first one. I also ordered the Peanut Glazed Noodles (cold, not hot), and they were delicious. The peanut sauce was thick and plentiful, which provided a saucy flavor burst in my mouth. The Wife also ordered the Sesame Noodle Kick, and found the flavors of the sesame sauce, green onions, cilantro, and peanuts to be delicious.All in all, we were very happy, and The Wife is insisting that we need to go back at least once a week to try more of their dishes.
4	I've been twice this month. A pretty good sign that I dig it. And although I've oft compared dumplings to lovely lady food, the place is filling. I will agree with many who've said the prices are high given the ingredients, but I'm happy to pay for things that take a gentle hand. I wouldn't dare try stuffing delicious meat and veg into a small pocket, sealing that up, then lightly pan frying it. No way. And so I'm glad someone else has it down. I do with the menu was more protein rich, but on my last trip, I discovered you can take whatever protein they have and add that to whatever dish you like. So for example, if the spicy noodles get you going but you'd like some chicken... ask them. They seem happy to accommodate.
4	We were visiting from out of town and wanted ramen. Through Yelp, this was the closest location. Not knowing what to expect, off we went. When we realized it was in the mall we were a bit skeptical. Since we really wanted ramen and we had limited time, we went for it. What a surprise!  While they did not have traditional ramen, they did have noodle soup. The dashi (soup base) was perfect. Not too salty and flavorful. We added on pork shumai and shrimp dumplings. They were excellent as well. The atmosphere was simple being a mall restaurant, but the food was great.  We could see where the food was being prepared from scratch, which was a nice add. We would go back next time we are in town.
4	Growing up in a Chinese food culture, I thought DumplingHaus, by its appearance, would not be "authentic" enough for me to enjoy. Oh my, I was wrong. We had sesame noodle kick, tart cabbage and pork soup, and a serving of haus bao. The sesame noodle kick (or dan dan noodle) is very good, better than I expected. 4 different kinds of baos in small plate is perfect for an appetizer. Cabbage and pork is a kind of noodle soup that you do not often find in American Chinese restaurants, so I really appreciate that. The open kitchen makes the restaurant unlike many other Chinese places. It's very clean and you can see all the actions clearly. The staff are professional and very efficient. The ambiance is cozy and modern. Apparently they have done some good design work to cater to a younger crowd. The menu is also designed in a way very easy for non-Chinese people to understand. Very good job with that. I consider the price is slightly on the higher end, but mostly due to that I can make most of the items myself at home. You can find good frozen dumplings and baozis from Asian groceries, and they are super easy to prepare. This probably explains that why such an authentic place draws fewer Asian crowd than I imagine--because we can make these stuff at home. Other than that, the food was really memorable. The location is super convenient. Perfect for a rest stop in Hilldale mall. If you are new to the dumpling and bao world, you will not be disappointed.
2	This is a great place to eat before you go out to eat at another restaurant.  I'm serious,  it's really fresh and good,  and totally unsatisfying. Overpriced for what it is, but it is good.
5	Great dumplings much cheaper and less pretentious than the hipster place across town.
3	The dumplings and the noodles are quite plain: I can't say it's yummy, neither it is bad. It is kind of Chinese food, but something must went wrong...
4	Really solid place.  I'm typically pretty biased in my judgement of Chinese cuisine but this place gets a thumbs up from me.In addition to the standard dumpling potstickers and bao zhi you'd see in a big city China Town, this place also has some really great authentic noodle and soup dishes.  My wife and I had the chicken lo mein and it was as good as my mom's!As others have noted, the prices are a bit steep but they must have to have higher prices to cover the costs of the premium location in Hilldale.Still, it's a great weekend spot or place to grab lunch on a weekday.
3	I have the pork dumpling which is really pretty good it was fried with a nice brown crust . is a little bit on the pricey side for what you get but otherwise pretty good
4	Woot woot! My 100th review!I stopped in to DumplingHaus while trying to kill time around the Hilldale area. Since it's in a mall I was expecting the usual food court fair but oh was I wrong. This place is super yummy!! I ordered the Sesame Noodle Kick and contemplated ordering a few dumplings, but honestly I'm glad I didn't because the serving was huge! Plenty of noodly yumminess to fill my tummy. These noodles were so good, just the right amount of spice and sauce.Can't wait to come back and try something else!
3	Veggie tofu soup is very nice!
5	My favorite neighborhood dumpling spot. Located in hilldale made me a little wary but the staff were friendly and attentive. The food was top notch. I especially enjoyed the Wonton Soup and BBQ Pork Bao. Taking home some red bean bao for dessert.
4	Honeydew tea is very refreshing!  I love this place because it is so different.  It is authentic.  It is not my usual burger or pizza place...well, mostly because it has neither of those items.  But it does have a great variety of noodle dishes, dumplings (hence the name) and well, other stuff I have not tried.  When I feel adventurous I like to go here.  It is pretty sad that red bean paste is me stepping out of my comfort zone but it is good!Everything is really clean and efficient as well.  We got our food within 10 minutes and it is all really fresh.  Good prices as well!  4 dumplings was $8 and then 8 wontons, a soup and the tea all added up to be less than $20.  Nom nom nom...
4	My (teen) daughter and I had a wonderful dinner - both loved it.  Our meal Haus (Pot) Stickers, Haus Noodle Soup, Black Bean & Pork Soup, and Beef Curry Bao, The often picky teen  made happy-eating noises all through dinner and talked about her Haus Noodle (with pork and veggies) soup all evening and into the next day.  I was impressed with the Bao which was really fluffy and flavorful, but also substantial and made a great meal. Haus Sticker dumplings were good and the Black Bean & Pork soup which was okay but didn't wow me with flavor (I was also disappointed that it was not a broth soup, but noodles with a black bean and ground pork "sauce" - served "spaghetti-style" for lack of a better analogy with a thickish "sauce" over noodles).  It was our first time there, so didn't realize that each dish whether a dumpling, bao or soup is basically a meal's worth so ended up over ordering - on the upside, we have lunch again today.  Would be a good place to go with several friends (tho beware limited seating) and just share several plates.  Owners are very nice and friendly. Will go again!
5	Authentic, friendly and delicious.  This restaurant takes pride in providing fresh and delicious food in a wonderful atmosphere.  Each dish is unique and prepared to order.  I now crave the steamed shrimp dumplings.
5	Great dumplings and noodles and friendly staff.Last time we were there we had red bean paste and egg custard dumplings, both delicious.It's difficult to find good Chinese food in Madison, so I am happy I found this place!
5	Excellent place for nice healing soup. Came here after a procedure at the Gastrology Clinic down the road. Felt like I was getting healed right there. Clean, friendly and inviting environment.
3	We stopped after a movie and had the shrimp salad with tofu which my friend found too salty, and too heavy on the tofu; the pork dumplings which were tender and tasty; the hot and sour soup which lacked depth and was too gelatinous; the shrimp dumplings which tasted old and fishy, and the wonton soup. In this, the broth was way too salty, but the wontons were tender and tasty. So out of five dishes, one and a half were good enough to go back for. But is that enough? Eh, maybe we'll try again. Maybe not.
3	I had the chicken lo mein and barbecue bao.I may have to give this place another shot, because both options were rather bland and nothing to write home about.
5	Love, Love, Love this place.  Can't comment on all the dishes since I always get the same 2 - wonton soup and haus stickers.  Nothing warms you on a cold winter day like that soup.  Dumpling are so good.  Just the right amount of pork. ginger and there is a crunch- so so good.  The owner and her staff are so friendly and lovely.  Such a treat!
3	I tried their shrimp wonton dumplings. It comes in a soup. I loved it the first time, but not the second time. So I guess its worth trying once. I probably won't go back...They have nice workers though, I left my $400 engagement dress (had just bought from Macy's) in there and when I came back I saw one of the workers had kept it for me.
5	So delicious! As a vegetarian, they have great options for me. I really love the veggie bao & Nutella bao!
3	It seems to be Madison's only real dumpling offering in the Dim Sum category if Chinese and Asian style dumplings. I've sampled versions menu items on various occasions. This place is the only place I know of for at least 100 plus miles where when can get a steamed pork bun. I've enjoyed the pork buns but found I prefer the steamed curry bun. The pork buns are good, but tend to be a little too sweet. I've also sampled a variety of the dumplings. They are OK but seem to be a bit inconsistent, if not bland in there preparation. I also find the space itself can be hot... As in warm environmentally.  The service is pretty decent for what it is - you order at the counter and get a little table number to display. I'd like to go back and continue to explore the menu. It's quick and inexpensive. The servings come in multiples, so it's a good place to explore the me use with 2, 3 or 4 people.
4	I love getting dinner here before seeing a movie at Sundance. The tomato cilantro soba is consistently delicious and satisfying. You can tell that the staff is committed to making excellent food.
3	Noodles were good but not much flavor from the sauce.  Had meat balls with it and they weren't very memorable either.  Tried there special iced tea.  Pretty watered down.  Wasn't bad but wasn't that good for the $$ they asked.  A little pricey.
3	DumplingHaus is a small little Dim Sum shop in the outdoor/indoor mall in Madison and is a pretty small, great little place for lunch if you're in the area.  It's more than just a few notches better than any food court stall, and serves decent Asian dishes really, really quickly!  Since this was my first time there, my friend and I went all out, and ordered the cilantro-tomato soba, shrimp dumplings (can't remember their official name), the Haus Buns and the Barbecue Pork Buns.  For me, the shrimp dumplings were the best part, covered perfectly in a wrapper and really vibrant with shrimp-y shellfish-y flavor.  There was maybe 8 of them in a classic dim sum steamer and man, they were just excellent!  The dipping sauce that came with them only served to amplify their deliciousness to the next level.On the other hand, the buns were sadly a huge disappointment.  I came in expecting them to be housemade, but after taking a bite out of them, I knew immediately they came from a classic frozen package of buns you can find in practically any good Asian market.  The flavor was fine, but having made bao like these before from local markets, I knew immediately it wasn't quite what I had dreamed of.  Sadly since 3 barbecue pork buns were something like $6.95 at the restaurant, I couldn't help but feel ripped off since a frozen bag of 12 or so cost a few bucks less than that if you were to actually buy them at a grocery.All that said, it was still a nice experience, the food came out quickly, and the staff was very friendly.  Maybe the extra cost isn't so bad when you know you're paying for the quick convenience of it all!
4	Awesome dumplings in a lovely fresh decor... the other food ain't bad either, this is good grub anyway you look at it. rice bowls, salads, something for everyone. nice, friendly staff too. winner all around!
