3	For a "big box" store, this is a pretty nice place.  It's large enough to offer a good variety without being too large and overwhelming.  They have a big selection of toys and accessories.  This location offers a couple of varieties of all-natural good quality pet foods. I found a great set of steps (at a good price) so my little chihuahua can climb into bed without assistance. In addition to the merchandise, this store also offers Full-service Grooming, Dog Training, Pet Photography, Aquatics Department, and an Information Resource Center.Store Hours for this location:Monday - Friday 9AM - 9PMSaturday 9AM - 9PMSunday 10AM - 7PM
3	If you have a dog, this is the place for you.  Since I have a cat, and was specifically looking for cat toys, bleh.This is a large store, in the former Old Navy space down at the Bed Bath & Beyond end of the Arboretum.  It's a lovely, clean store and surprisingly doesn't smell like an animal, so that was nice.  They have LOTS of dog stuff - bulk treats, food, hundreds of toys, beds, food .... on and on.   The small cat corner is stocked full of many different kinds of food, several brands of treats, a nice selection of litter boxes and litter related items, and some nice furniture/beds/scratching posts for cats.  The toy section leaves a LOT to be desired and I found the prices to be higher than PetSmart.  The employee at the checkout was very nice.  Efficient - I was through the line and $40 (2 toys and refills for the litter locker) poorer in no time.  I had some errands to run at the Arbortetum, so rather than making a special trip to PetSmart, I ran into this Petco.  It's a nice store, but I will be sticking to PetSmart.
5	The staff here is always very friendly and helpful! I feel that this store is a very pleasant store to shop in, I even travel almost 40min just to shop here for my dog food and supplies! I am writing this review specifically for Gillian, our dog trainer, she has really done wonders for our dog Monkey! Being that Monkey is deaf it is crucial that she gets proper training, I was really nervous at first because we moved to Charlotte from California in the middle of our classes and we left behind a wonderful trainer, but Gill instantly proved that she has a wonderful gift for dog training! We were really pleased, especially when we found out that she herself has a deaf dog at home and has lots of experience training other deaf dogs! Whether or not you have a deaf dog, I HIGHLY recommend you have Gill train your dog! I feel it's important for ALL dogs, and if you choose Gill, you won't be sorry!! Gill will be our trainer from now on with any dogs we have in the future as well! Thank you Gill for showing us you truly care and taking your time with Monkey, and showing us the steps to follow up with at home!
5	I have my dogs groomed here and never had a bad experience and I buy Wellness canned food and treats ( like Whimzees ).  The staff is always so friendly also-Petco is where my pets go ;-)
5	I usually stick to taking my dogs to PetsMart for their nail trims but decided to try PetCo today as I live closer to it. What a fantastic experience! I brought my senior daschund in to see Michelle and she was so friendly and obviously a dog lover. He even left with a complimentary bag of treats. Also while there I needed to look into buying dog food. Their Blue rep Andy is remarkable-so knowledgeable and a daschund owner himself. He got down and played with Pattinson and gave him treats, which Pat is very hesitant of strangers. Overall one of the best trips to a pet store I've had- clean, friendly, knowledgeable. And Pat loves his new food! A ++
