5	These guys are amazing. Keith was here for 3 hours spraying inside and out. He even dusted all the bathroom fans and stuff. So thorough! And only $30 for the first visit. No contracts or anything. They said it'll only cost me $35 for all future visits, seriously half of the price of others.If you're west of the I-17 and need a bug guy, please call this family. Very very awesome service! Keith was amazing.  I felt so apologetic that here was here for so long, his answer was "We always are here as long as it takes".  We'd never had a pest control company at our home before and had a big black widow and ant problem.  He spent so much time carefully getting all nooks and crannies, making sure all that spots that they could get in the house were covered.  Not only that though, he spent time teaching me anything I wanted to know.Very very good service.
5	I really can't say enough good things about Mug A Bug.  They're a small family owned business, and Sullivan's philosophy is simple:  Their Family is Serving Yours.And the service you get is exceptional!!   I've used Mug A Bug at my own home for over a year, and what a difference they've made!  I had been getting service from (huge pest control company) for several years, but always had persistent problems with ants and ticks in my yard.Since I began using Mug A Bug, those issues have stopped.  Keith Sullivan is fanatical.  He'll spend whatever time is needed to make sure the problem is dealt with.  He was at my home (horse property lot) for over 3 hours the first time he did a treatment.  And he treats the entire grass area of my yard (1/4 acre) at every visit.Keith is also extremely knowledgable, and will educate, not upsell, you.  The other huge difference between Mug A Bug, when compared to (huge pest control company), is that Mug A Bug uses a truck mounted sprayer.    (huge pest control company) uses backpack sprayers that hold about 2 gallons.  Mug A Bug's truck mounted system allows them to put down as much pesticide is needed, and it works!!I've also had Mug A Bug do treatments on rental properties I manage.  Rental properties often have significant problems with pests.   Mug A Bug's outstanding service has drastically reduced the number of pest issues I have to deal with.In short, if you're looking for THE BEST pest control service in the West Valley, you need to call Mug A Bug.
5	We have been using Mug a Bug Pest Control at our home for the past three years. They are very thorough and take the time to look through the yard to make sure there are not any hidden problems.  They do a great job.
