2	We found a great deal on van we have been searching for. We walked unto the sales lot and were greeted and shown the car. After negotiations, we decided to purchase ! It was agreed upon that in 3 days we will return with down payment, trade in and required paperwork. Once there, nothing was prepared. We were told all paperworks will be ready to sign...Ok.  To our surprise, the worst delivery of a car purchase ever! !  Our van was dirty (not even a quick carwash) and the empty gas light was on ! !  Buyers beware and be certain before buying from here.  Customer service needs a lot of improvement
5	very reliable car dealer, friendly staff and take amazing care of there customers
4	I'm 28 years old and have always paid cash for used cars, so this was my first time financing. I checked their website and knew the car I wanted, so I called and scheduled to come down and check it out. I met with Henny, test drove, and we got started on the paperwork. They were very good about going back and forth with different finance companies until I was happy with the payment and interest rate. Just a tip, if you look on their website, the price listed is the CASH PRICE. My car was listed for $10,999, but the actual price to finance it was $13,999. Make sure you pay attention to the sticker price on the vehicle. Henny drove with me to my insurance company down the street to get everything squared away, and they gave me a very fair amount on my trade in. I only took off one star because I have had problems with my AC twice since I bought the car 4 months ago, the first time was a leak that they fixed for free. The second time was the compressor which cost me $100 for the deductible on my purchased protection plan. Can't blame them for the compressor, as it probably went out while I was using the AC with a leak, but still. I wish the AC had been checked for leaks before I bought it, and if it was, it should have already been fixed. Other than that I have had a great experience with them. They fix your car quick and have you back in it the same day. Even offered to drive me to work after I dropped it off for service.
5	Bought over 20 cars myself here! And referred at least another 20 people here!Great Pricing and great cars. Never been duped here!Financing possibilities like nowhere else.Dave is the man to talk to and if he doesn't get it done you clearly can't buy a car.
5	reliable auto sales is amazing they worked with me they are lenders you can trust would definitely recommend them to anyone
