4	The Sa-Bai roll was pretty weird.  Volcano chicken was delicious.
5	Yelp looks like it's just taking off in Madison, so I'll forgive the paucity of 5-star postings about this place.  Suffice it to say that Sa-Bai Thong is the reason I learned to love Thai food at a young age, one of two suppliers (the other, the down-the-block Bahn Thai, sadly now closed) of what seems, in retrospect, like my weekly intake of curries, galangal, lemongrass, chilies, and tofu.  My mom, sister and I used to know what we wanted by the numbers on the menu only: 44B, red squash curry; 21 (was it?) Tom Yum soup.  It's won Best of Madison, like, eight or ten years in a row.  And Madison ain't lacking for Thai restaurants.A recent post-tofurkey pilgrimage over Thanksgiving weekend reconfirmed in my mind all that is wonderful and godlike about this place.   I ordered my old standby, the squash curry, and was not disappointed.  I wished my stomach hadn't been so distended by mashed potatoes and vegan pie so I could eat 3 helpings' worth.Having now been to Thailand and had the Real Stuff (TM), I can say with utmost conviction that this place is totally authentic in every way but one -- to accomodate the Midwestern palate, they've toned down their spicing menu to a four-star system: Tiny (*), Careful (**), Adventure (***) and Fire (****).  This time, I asked for Adveture, and was rewarded with a dish that was nice and warm, but nowhere near anything most Thais -- hell, Californians -- would call "hot."Verdict: Will rock your socks off.  Just ask for more fire.
5	I have been here countless times and have never been disappointed. They also have prompt delivery for those campus dwellers who are sans car. Everything here is delightful and amazing.  For vegetarians this menu is daunting. (So many options, but almost all menu items have a seafood, chicken, or beef/pork option.)
3	Everytime minus one I go to SaBai Thong, I'm always satisfied.  Although I prefer Vientaine Palace (PARTICULARLY the one on Gorham) for Thai, this place is close to home, service is great, food is delish (AND HUGE portion size, I always get 3 meals out of this) and well... That's about all I have to say about that.He he, You're probably thinking "what happened to the minus one" time?Given that this is yelp, I'll tell you.Being a vegetarian always limits my options (duh) not only for flesh including food, but also for things such as fish sauce or beef or chicken broth.  Mind you, I'm not dumb, and I know that while many times meals are *supposed* to be vegetarian, they probably include fish sauce or the sorts...But I digress.Once I had a dish (it was the something noodles, I don't remember their name, because I tried to remove this memory from my brain a la Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless mind), and i THOROUGLY asked whether it was made with beef broth.  Mind you, I have no idea why I asked BEEF broth in particular, but I was assured that it wasn't.Yeeeeaaaaahhh...10 mins after the food comes, my stomach started doing, well... ungodly things.  I ask again whether it has beef broth to a different server.  He assures me that it is.  4 mins post this I was in the bathroom, violently returning what I had just ingested.Two days later, I was still in this mode.After that, SaBai Thong got NO visits from me for at least a year.But I still do love their cucumber salad, Kai Pad Kaprao, and Pad Thai...
4	The Tom Kha soup, the scallion dumplings and the green curry are all toe-curlingly good here.  Once in a while, a stir-fry may be uninspired. It's a huge menu you...so you just don't order that again.The service is consistently good, but the food comes out fast, so if you want a relaxed meal, order your drinks, wait a bit, order the dumplings, wait a bit, order the main. Otherwise, you might be out of there in a blink.
4	The yellow and red curries are delicious, and the eggplant was good too.  My girlfriend said the primary color scheme felt like a Gymboree.  We did have to wait a while to be seated and have our order taken.  Better Thai food than I expect from the Midwest.  I will be going back as it's a nice alternative to all the crappy chain food in off the beltway.
4	I have been here plenty of times....lunch as well as dinner. The food is almost always good. In fact, the location on the west has a nicer ambience so I would go there, especially for dinner.
4	I loves me some Sa-Bai Thong.  I might love it as much as I love Vientiane Palace, and that's saying something.  They've redecorated recently, and it's very pretty.  In the past, it was not so much with the pretty.  But now you feel like you're having a fancy, lavish dining experience, even if you're only paying $10-15 for dinner.  That is a feeling I can get behind.I love their Curry Fried Rice.  It is SO good.  This, above all else, is what I would recommend that you try first at Sa-Bai Thong.  I always get tofu, but whatever, pick your favorite protein.  I've had a few other things, but none are as good as this dish (obviously, since I can't remember what they are).The waitstaff is beyond courteous and pleasant.  They deliver, which is a bonus.  Things can be a little bit slow, but not too bad overall.
2	wow, i was kinda disappointed with this place. my stomach even feels kinda queasy, we just got home. i expected more - we went on a friday night, the place was busy. i didn't think it was hard to mess up sauces with coconut milk. i love coconut milk. we ordered: the potstickers (steamed) they were fine. one person ordered a soup-it was ok. it came with potstickers though that wasn't listed in the menu. someone ordered the curry fried rice with tofu-probably the best of the bunch.i ordered the squash curry. hubby, curry duck. Both came with red curry. we know duck in general is fatty, but this was really fatty, and fried. the squash and thai eggplant in my squash curry wasn't ripe. My dish wasn't spicy at all.i think there are too many items on the menu. Maybe editing down the menu would help?we've had Thai in DC at dozens of places and all were better than this.considering my positive experiences at many other Madison restaurants, i was surprised by how bad this place was.
4	Sa Bai's two locations, one (recently renovated) on the near West Side, one further West on Odana's restaurant strip, serve reliably satisfying and very tasty Thai food and are justifiably local favorites in a town that loves Thai food and supports quite a few of them for a city of its size. (Lao Lan Xing has its advocates, and is also very good, but I think Sa Bai is the best of the local choices). it's rare for us to enter the University Ave location without running into one or more sets of friends.There is a large menu with many delights; at least until recently, the Odana (not Obama, not Osama) location had a few additional dishes, especially good at dinnertime. The chefs are cooperative with spicing requests, allowing for more assertive dishes than are available in most Madison Asian restaurants. Food usually tastes fresh and lively. Soups and noodle dishes are usually excellent (my wife is addicted to their tofu pad thai, and we both love their tom ka gai); I also enjoy their duck dishes, which are better than most duck dishes available in Madison. Service at the University Ave location is friendly and usually quite quick, even at busy times; the Odana location is spottier, often with long waits at dinnertime.  Parking at Univ Ave location can be awkward at peak lunch times--the shopping mall parking lot is relatively small and badly engineered for the activity level.BTW, for an entirely other dimension in Thai cuisine, get yourselves to Arun's in Chicago for a sublime gourmet tasting menu, at 4 star big city prices and worth every penny (if you have been saving pennies for a long time, and don't need them to pay for health insurance).
2	Bad service, mediocre food at best.  SERIOUSLY consider being extremely firm on the staff if you like good / real thai food and go here.Good selection and menu - pictures and descriptions are above par for most thai restaurants.Had to request the soup to be sent back three times because it was not hot enough (read: lukewarm).  I have been to enough thai restaurants around the country to know its not served like that.For the entree, atAsked the waiter for spicy 'hot', exact words "Thai natural hot - the Oh my god I'm on fire hot", what did I get: a lit matchstick lost in a blizzard.   It was more of a congealed oozing mess on a plate not a distinct toss of noodles, chicken, and spices.. I agree with the reviewer who said it was hard to mess up certain thai sauces but coconut soups dont have a full can of soup poured in.I had to get up multiple times to get assistance.. I don't think the waiter was deliberately negligent, nor was he overloaded.  I think his mind was somewhere else.  First to get the chopsticks and hot sauce that we had asked for and second to ask for getting the soup heated up and to get more water.The tables are close enough together that when the waiter did not bother to look over at me or the table despite my "Hey, I'm the customer asking for something" hand up and looking right at him, it was clear I was being ignored. When I did not leave a tip because of the service?  The waiter ran out of the store after me to ask if I did not have good service.  -- don't chase me down to my car, your manager (?) will hear about it one way or another.:soap box:Thai (and other asian) restaurants - when a customer says "give me authentic, i've had it before" - dont pussy foot around and feed me the regular food.  I know you can do better.American restaurant-goers - stop giving out tips just because you are eating out.   Be realistic enough to give $0.00 tip if you don't get the basic service - if there is an error and the waiter does not apologize or even wait to see if it is to your liking - that's a clear sign.  You wouldn't buy a tv with no electricity would you?I'm a firm but fair tipper.  Be one too.  You and your pocket book are not cheap - especially in this economy.  And this restaurant's waiter helped to remind me. :soap box:
3	I had dinner here with a friend and the food was okay.  I had the panang curry with chicken which was alright.  It wasn't oily like other panang curries I've had at other thai restaurants, however, it was a lot more peanutty than what I expected.  Also, they could use more chicken in the dish especially when you have to pay more for the meat.  Service was alright, we didn't have to wait long for a seat and got our food and drinks quickly.  Wouldn't mind checking this place out again.  The prices were not bad at all.
4	The panang curry tofu is magical.
2	I grew up in Madison and Sai-Bai Thong was the only Thai restaurant I'd ever been to until college.  Because of that I thought I hated Thai food.  It wasn't Thai food's fault.  It was Sai-Bai Thong's fault.
3	Mediocre thai-food, nothing to write home about. The service was mediocre. Bonus points for delivery, which is nice when it's freezing out and you don't want to leave home.
2	I love Thai food, and I'm not a "Thai snob" - I don't have to have authentic Thai, I just want "good Thai."  I've been lucky enough to experience "awesome Thai," but I know that not every Thai restaurant is going to hit a homerun, no matter where it's located, what it costs, or what its specialty is.That said, I was sadly disappointed with Sa-Bai Thong.  We stopped by for lunch today; the place wasn't terribly busy - I'd say about 35-40% of the tables were full.Service, as is the case in nearly every Thai restaurant I've been to, was borderline unbearable.  It took forever to get water.  It took even longer to place our order.  After we placed our orders, we waited for our Diet Pepsi to arrive, only to find out (after another 10 minute wait) that they were out of Diet Pepsi.  Really?  On a Friday at noon?  How does that happen?We asked for straws on two separate occasions - they finally showed-up after our meal came out.  We ordered a spring roll: meh, not very flavorful, sort of greasy; the sauce was the highlight.  We ordered an egg roll: decent, but nothing better than what you'd find at the corner carryout place.  Greasy, and again, the sauce was the highlight - a little spicy, and nice and flavorful.  However, the sauce shouldn't be the highlight of the dish...We ordered the chive dumplings: ick.  Pasty, gooey, and flavorless.  Not even the sauce could save these things.  Definitely not worth $3.25 for two...And then came the main dish: Chicken Pad Thai.  Yes, it's a boring order, but it's the dish that I use as a yardstick for new Thai places.  Sa-Bai Thong's Chicken Pad Tahi = fail.  Ridiculously greasy*, flavorless, not at all exciting, and again, no better than what you might find at any ordinary corner Thai place, or heck, what you might even find in the freezer section at your local grocery store.Like donuts, I'll eat any Thai food, any time, and I'll probably find a way to enjoy it.  And like some donuts, Sa-Bai Thong did nothing for me... I'd class their dishes on-par with mediocre gas station donuts.  Sure, it'll satisfy the craving (a little bit), but it doesn't leave me satisfied.  To best sum up the experience, my friend said, "We should've just had a salad from Metcalfe's."Combine the mediocrity with the awful state of University Avenue, and I'd be hard pressed to want to go back to here.  Service: 1.5 stars (slow, forgetful, inattentive)Food quality: 1.25 stars (bland, greasy, unexciting)Price (at lunch): 3 stars (it wasn't terribly expensive; $15 for 2 people)* It's 2 hours after I ate lunch there and my mouth still has a greasy coating, and my tummy is rumbling something fierce.  Not a good sign, especially when you consider that I can handle my fair share of greasy foods...
2	A couple words for my experience here: "FLY ATTACK!"  More importantly, the sanitary standards must be raised here!  Been on a Sabbitcal from Yelp! but it's experiences at places like this that drove me back to writing this.  We were driving around Madison trying to decide what and where to eat.  Couldn't initially decide but eventually found this place near UW on University Ave.  From the outside the place looks innocent enough as one business along a row of others in a tiny plaza.  Walking in the front door, this restaurant has different awards from local magazines lining the walls of the vestibule (which we found a huge disconnect between our experience and what has been written about it in the area; may I also add that it appears that the awards appeared to be granted in the 2000-2002 time frame and probably *before* the change of management since).  The other facts are that the place has been decently interior decorated in a Thai accent.  Pricing for Thai food here is about $10 per plate, give or take, which is about what we'd expect for 'market price,' not incredibly cheap nor expense for a Thai restaurant.  Accordingly, we were looking for food quality prepared similarly for this price.  Food here I must say tastes "good" to "okay" but not excellent (I don't mean to sound like a "Thai snob") and may be hit or miss but certainly this first experience for us here will also be our last.  My observations on the management and staff:  At least for our one visit here, the place seemed to be managed by one mid-aged lady that seemed a little stressed and under-staffed.  We were there just before dinner and eventually a handful of college-aged staff arrived for dinner service (but the attentiveness to our table did not improve).  The lady that waited at our table did give us the courtesy of informing us that she will now be leaving to 'open up' the other Sa-Bai Thong location in Madison when help at our location had arrived.  Our possible first omen was when we were taken to our tables, we found the tables filthy.  This tells us that they do not get wiped down often enough (found part of a noodle on one of our seats).  We soon thereafter learned that my five year old godson started to have a reaction of puffiness and redness under one of his eyes!  We believe that he was rubbing his eyes with his hands after sitting at the table for no more than ten minutes and must be from the traces of peanuts (which he has an allergic reaction to) on the table.  They kept "pushing" the "#32 Pad Thai" when we were deciding what to order.  We decided to try an order of this and found it a bit on the "saucy" side and were disappointed.  Every Thai restaurant we've been too makes it w/less sauce.  We found this saucy dish and the "#30 Bamee Chao Nue" or Chicken lomein noodle stir fried (with bean sprouts, green onion, celery, garlic, black soy sauce) to be on the salty side and heavy on the MSG.  My "#44C Kanom Jean Gaeng Kiew Wan" or Green Thai curry w/vermicilli noodles was a bit on the watery side for me.  Taste was actually good and liked the red peppers, bamboo shoots, basil w/eggplant.  Another problem w/this was that there was no vermicilli noodles!  They realized this and made a conscious effort to correct this.  I requested to have rice with this instead.  Another person in our party found a long-white strand of hair in his "#38 Pad Ka-Ree" noodles, yeeellch!!!  Presumably from the cook.  They were apologetic and offered to redo the order.  Some in our party said that they would have left the restaurant if that would have happened to them but we stayed instead.  All this mind you, the whole time during our meal experience we were swatting away 4-5 annoying flies at our table that decided to keep us company.  You swat one away, the other two comes in.  You swat the other two away, they circle around to surprise you on the other end.  Fair to say that this definitely became an issue during our dining experience because my two godsons hysterically made it a game laughing through out our meal by trying to swat away the fly attacks:  "Hey look!  There is another one!  Here it comes again!" ... Jeezz!
4	Yummy - My sister and her boyfriend worship this place, I've only been a couple of times and I like it.  I really enjoy this dish with chicken and green beans and the flavors are just spectacular with rice (I don't remember the name).  I can't just type and type about my experience with Thai food, because I don't have much, but this place seems to do it for me and all the flavors are just mmmm, try to order dishes that you are willing to share because it would suck if you got one dish you hated then had to eat it, share the love people and experience food!
1	I eat take out from this place every week because someone else treats me. It gets worse every week. The very first time I went to Sa-Bai Thong the Pad Thai was adequate, however their curry was, and continues to be, awful. A Thai curry should lend a wonderful sensation of sweet and savory, but there is no sweetness in their curry. When I had the Panang there was some hint of flavor there, but later when I had the Masaman, I tasted nothing but a flavor akin to weak peanut butter suffocating my tongue. The take-out Pad Thai isn't even as acceptable as the dine-in Pad Thai, but this may be because it is suffering from the time elapsed during delivery. However, this does not excuse the dry noodles that fall apart as I scoop them up. Some curried green beans are the "best" dish that I have had, but again the flavors are so weak and flat that I am left pondering, what kind of curry is this?And yes, there are an atrocious number of flies in the restaurant.
3	The first time I went to Sa-Bai Thong, it was awful.  I ordered a noodle dish that gave no indication of the sauce, and it was a soupy brown flavorless sauce that drove me nuts.  I ended up dumping an entire condiment dish of chili pepper into my food just so SOME flavor would come up as I fished my wide noodles out of the sauce.  NOT happy.The second time, though, was better.  I had the red curry squash, and it was decent.  Not great, but okay.  My partner's Tom Ka soup was alright as well.  Overall I would give the food 2 or 2.5 stars.  But I'm adding another .5 stars because I really like the cheerful decor and the huge windows that let in lots of natural light.  If they could just somehow find a way to dampen the obnoxious conversations of some of their patrons, the atmosphere would be great.
4	I ate here last night with a roommate. I ordered number 57 or 55, a curry of veggies with chicken off their favorites menu.  It was good.  It was an orange or red color curry with different veggies including Thai eggplant.  It also came with thin clear noodles, which was a pleasant surprise for me.  The plate came with a side of white rice.The roommate ordered a roast duck curry and that came with four pieces of duck that was breaded and fried.  Mmm... it definitely wasn't what I was expecting, but the fried duck was delicious.  It was fatty and well cooked and seasoned.  This also came with an orange/red colored curry and came with bamboo shoots, grapes, pineapple chunks, and red peppers. Yum.The service was nice and the place was clean and new.  A bit overpriced and moderate portions.
2	If I were just reviewing for the food, my review would be much higher.. But, considering this was the absolute slowest service I've had in as long as I can remember, that cannot go forgotten. Our server seated us in a section with only one other group there and first made us wait about 8 minutes before even bringing us water and menus. Of course, we had to wait far longer than necessary before we could order. We decided to each get entrees and then split an appetizer. By this time, the other group in our section had already left (so in other words, this place is not busy, and in fact fairly empty) and we had  to wait over 30 or 40 minutes for our *appetizer*. The waiting's not over. Then the waitress brought out my friends' food about 10 full minutes before mine. (By this time, it had already been at least an hour from when I ordered), Q. Did I order something special or difficult? A. No. I ordered soup. By the time it came for paying and getting our check, we thought our server must have gone on break or something. It was beyond ridiculous how inattentive she was.The entire experience took about 2 hours in total in a not-busy restaurant. Good thing the food was fairly tasty, but that wasn't enough to get out the bad taste in my mouth about the service.
4	My husband and I go here often, its typically our go to take out place.  We frequent the Odana Rd location because its closer.  Food is always great except the 1 out of every 15 orders that is missing a sauce.  The crab rangoons are my absolute favorite along with number 66, the volcano chicken.  My husband loves the pad thai and the various curries.
4	We come here when ever we are in town. Great Thai food, reasonable prices, good service.
2	A lot of dishes are almost flavorless. Like others have mentioned their curries are almost embarrassing.   Large menu so I'd imagine there are some decent dishes but overall pretty blah.  One standout is their soups.
5	Best thai food anywhere!  Must admit, the service can be slow at times.
2	i'm not quite sure what possessed me to give this place another shot, even though it was a different location this time. i guess i just really wanted some pad thai, even knowing that it would be mediocre at best. however, the food isn't what is giving sa bai thong a bad score this time, but rather the exceptionally poor service.we got there around 1:30. there were about 2 other tables of people, and despite this fact, it still took 15-20 minutes for someone to take our order. the food took forever to get to us. the pad thai was better than the same dish from the west location, but that's not saying much... it was still greasy as hell and kind of bland. we were done with our meals for another 15-20 minutes before we were able to flag down the waitress to ask for our check. our plates were never cleared from the table. and then another 15 minutes went by... so we just grabbed the check and paid at the cashier. i shouldn't have even left a tip, but i did anyway. that was officially the last chance you had, sa bai thong. never again.
4	Got take out here tonight - very nice people on the phone and in person, prompt service, delicious food.  Tofu was done to perfection and the food was piping hot.  The only reason I only give 4 stars is because I've only had one dish as take out and would need to sample others and check out the service and atmosphere before upping my star rating.  Great, quick dinner.
2	Food was pretty good, but the service was the worst ever.  Waited about 20 minutes before the waitress stopped by the table.  At that point she did bring water, however did not take our drink or food order.  That took a while longer.  It took almost an hour for our appetizers; and then another 30 for our food.  Will never come back to this one.  Leftovers- she put everybody's in one carton.  Who does that?  Unbelievably poor experience.
2	I simply feel like there are far better Thai food restaurants in Madison. I've tried the pad thai here twice, at both locations and have been disappointed twice. Too much sauce and it was too sweet both times. My significant other loves their pa-naeng and even he admits it is hit or miss. I once tried the Tom Yum Talay Hang and was really impressed. However, one meal out of 10 is not what I'm looking for. I'd rather go somewhere in town where the odds are better.Try Lao Lang Xiang or Sala Thai for great thai food in Madison.
3	This is the closest Thai place to my home-convenient and acceptable but not the greatest. The atmosphere is brightly colored and cheerful (they remodeled a few years ago) and they can accomodate a group if you call ahead. They are efficient and accurate with carryout. The food is a little hit and miss (I think I got spoiled living on the West coast for years) and you might have to try a few different dishes until you find one they do well here.
4	Curry dish there is awesome! esp. the duck curry.love the Thai iced tea too but the pad thai is just okay.
5	I just love this place. I like to try something new each time I go, and I haven't tasted anything less than stellar. My favorites are Pad Ped and their yellow curry. Om nom nom.
3	HANDS DOWN the best Basil fried rice ever.  My husband's Chicken Pad Thai was kind of gross though, he gave it a 3.5 out of 10.  The Pad Thai was gritty, too uniform, and no real spice- very blah bland.  I have to rate 3 stars though because I adored my dish and thai coffee.  I'll likely order take out here because I won't be able to convince my husband to come back.
1	I am writing this review for my poor sister who ordered their delivery last night.  She ordered the spring rolls, summer rolls and mieng sabai.  She specifically asked no peanuts because she is still breastfeeding and her son is allergic.  After an hour wait, she received her food; ALL of it contained peanuts.  She called back the University location and was told that they would call her back. They did not. She then called the Odana location and was told that none of those dishes contained peanuts...hmm, funny because they did! The woman on the phone did not offer to remake the food or even offer an apology...tsk tsk. I understand that this is a family owned restaurant and inconsistency in service/food happens - but to simply not offer to remake her food was ridiculous because the order was wrong and she was unable to eat the food that she paid for.  Service has always been a little iffy here, but because food continued to be yummy, we could not stop ourselves. But this time was the last straw. I hope Sa-Bai Thong can re-evaluate their customer service, or else they will continue to lose loyal customers their business is built upon.
1	Waited 1 hour 45 minutes and eventually cancelled the order.  You'd think they'd want to get the food out faster for delivery since our bill was $60.  The guy on the phone didn't even apologize.  I've eaten here before and the food is average.  I will never go back or order out from here again, period.
5	I have grown up in the neighborhood near the University Ave Sa Bai Thong and have eaten there more times then I can count. It's actually my favorite place in Madison, especially for Thai. I'm interested in the poor reviews they received, and hope anyone who had a bad experience would try it again.I do agree that sometimes service is a little slower but the staff is always soo friendly and the food is worth the wait. I have tried about 75% of their menu whether it was through my own ordering or tasting someone elses dish.Thank you Sa Bai Thong for your delicious food!!! :)
2	Sa-Bai Thong started out as one of my favorite places.   But over time their dishes became more and more underwhelming.  Now the last time I had the duck it was quite good and the ginger tea is very good too.Then we took a relative of ours who loves Thai food and he was actually upset with their lack of spice.  He said that it was not Thai when we left.Their service has always been slow and this gets old over time so we have gone elsewhere for quite a long time now and don't expect to go back until we hear that they have improved their food and service.
2	Everything was great until I experienced a colony of flies at the corner of my table, and spent the whole meal killing them by snapping a wet rag at them.  I've been there many times, but it will be a long time before I come in again.  A customer should never experience that.
4	I take my family here ( a bunch of picky-eating-indian-oldies) and they LOVE IT. With a  good amount of spice in their dishes, this place is a go to if you like Thai. I recommend the jungle curry- it's a winner. I also like their teas. So overall, a great place I'm pretty thrilled by it. I will always go back (or order in, free delivery after 5)
2	I have been a longgggg time fan of Sa-Bai Thong.. never had a dish I didn't like. I did however order food to go tonight, and I'm wishing I hadn't. I have the University Ave number in my phone and it's the only one I ever call. I placed a very large order tonight to take to family I have at home, I get there and wait 20 minutes no problem. When I offer to pay to expedite my wait time I'm told that I called and places the order at their Odana location.. I didn't. I doubled checked in my phone to be sure. At first they offered to make me a new order but then the manager told the employee helping me that I'd have to wait for their delivery driver to bring it to this location from their Odana one and that it'd be another 40 minutes. No one apologized of even acknowledged that this was frustrating or out of character, on the contrary I was blamed for calling the wrong location even after showing that I had not.  I waited because the food would be thrown out if I just left and I'm not as rude as the service I received tonight. I am tentative about what I will do in terms of eating at this place in the future :(
3	This place was good, but not super memorable. You'll want to order well in advance if you are doing pickup or delivery since it takes a long time to get your food. I've never eaten at the restaurant itself.
4	Good thai food. Very standard fare but consistently good. I've been here many times and ordered take out as well.
4	I just remembered that Sa-Bai Thong delivers and ordered in the other night when I was too lazy to cook or go out. It was a great decision. They were a little slow to get here but it was worth the wait. We ordered a feast-- I got the red squash curry and pad prio wan and spring rolls. He wanted to try something with duck (I think duck is too fatty in general and after this meal he agreed. people who like duck may like it, though) The serving sizes are large so you can split them or take home leftovers (this feast fed us for days)
3	I really want to give this place more stars, I really do.This place has a really nice interior that's cozy and intimate. The service is also great, and we were never lacking for water.Plus, they give you chocolates at the end of the meal, instead of cheap candy.However, as a food lover first and foremost, I can't give this place more than 3 stars. I got one of their rice noodle dishes, and while the portion was good, the taste left more to be desired. The entire meal was too one-dimensional (for the lack of a better term). The soy/hoisin based sauce was just too overwhelming. Everything tasted the same, from the noodles (which were overcooked by the way, so it kinda just melted in your mouth. I don't know about you guys, but I like my noodles with texture) to the vegetables to the meat.   But then again, I've only had this one dish, and my friends assure me their curry is quite good. I will give them another chance in the future, because I honestly do like their decor and service.PS: You get a free banana fritter dessert on your birthday!
3	I've been to both the downtown and west side locations. Decent Thai food.I like that Sa-Bai Thong offers more appetizers than most Asian restaurants. I especially enjoyed the Shrimp Purse. Their entree menu was already pretty extensive, but I've only tried the noodle dishes and haven't ventured out further. The staple Thai favorites -- Pad Thai and the Pad-Z You -- were decent. If you're craving Thai food in Madison, you'll have to go to Sa-Bai Thong because it's the only Thai restaurant in the area. But they're not a bad option. Service is a hit or miss. I've had horrendous service here, but I've also had pretty good service here as well.
5	Always one of my go to restaurants for consistantly good food. Love their Yum with chicken. Great atmosphere too.
4	I like the curry here, pretty solid other dishes including volcano chicken.
3	Update 6/13 - Hadn't been here in 5 months. First, sad to report the size of the curry portions have decreased substantially (obviously noticeable in the size change of the take out containers) and the cost increased. Really chaps me when places do this to the point where it becomes less enjoyable. Secondly, they got the spicy order of curry mixed up with the non-spicy curry (sounds small, but when one person can't take spicy, this is a major major issue). Finally, we got a beef salad and the beef was very gamey. I mean, I seriously think it might have been venison. Down to 3 stars Thong, close to 2...-----Started eating takeout here regularly a couple months ago because it's close and we like Thai food. After exploring the menu a bit I've got the deal here now.Get the curries. Don't mess around with the noodle dishes or soups unless you're really into these. The Pa-nang and Squash curries are the ones we've focused on, and now order little else. The pad thai is meh, the coconut soup is not good and the several other non-curry dishes have been flat out bad.The online ordering is great and the food is always ready when we show up. 5 stars for the curry, 3 stars for everything else.
4	Ran into this place by accident and really liked it. Cozy atmosphere, ethnic music and a good server added to the mood. The food was excellent. I'd recommend it to everyone who loves Thai food. One of the better places in town.
4	Delivery review.Good food. Their online delivery system is hit or miss--last time I ordered from them, we received no delivery confirmation, and when I called the restaurant, they said they never got the order, so we reordered. About 45 minutes later, our food arrives. Great! We eat. 30 minutes later... our food arrives. Whoops! Guess they did get the first order only had no record of it...? The delivery person was super understanding and it worked out, just makes me hesitant to order online.Great food. Very complete GF option list on their website--most of their food is GF friendly, and they deliver, which many places don't. I love the pad thai and spring rolls. Addicted to their soup!
5	Came here for lunch with a friend, and we both really enjoyed our meals.Fast and friendly service, really nice dining space, extensive menu, large portions.We stuck to the noodle dishes. I had the "Pad Z You," which was just the right amount of sweet and came with TONS of broccoli. The rice noodles were soft and perfectly chewy.Plus, the meal ended with an Andes mint for each of us. Yum.
2	Overpriced and really not great. Even more Madison Thai food, it under performs.
5	I am in love with pad thai.  No, really.  And Sa-Bai Thong was the matchmaker.  I travel often and when I run into a Thai restaurant, I often order pad thai.  And then compare it to Sa-Bai Thong's.  None, and I mean, none have matched the perfect balance of sweetness, saltiness, and sourness of Sa-Bai Thong's pad thai.  I've been to Thailand and back and am still thinking about Sa-Bai Thong's. Unfortunately, we are now long-distance lovers.  And all the talk about their volcano chicken--oh yeah.  Ooooooh yeah.  I am salivating just thinking about it, which means you just have to try it yourself to know why.P.S.  I remember waiting for my party at the entrance of the restaurant and noticed Sa-Bai Thong had received an award for the TOP 50 Thai restaurants in the USA.  Need I say more?
4	I really enjoy ordering carry out from the restaurant.  They have just added on-line ordering so it is making it so much easier.  Food is great.  I try to run there for lunch two times a month.On the few occasions I have eaten in the restaurant, I have found the staff helpful and friendly.  You get a salad or soup with the entree.  Yummy.
2	I ordered #62, Tom Yun Talay Hong,  from the menus and it was really bad. It seemed that instead of using fresh ingredients, they just through stuff together from a can. The taste of the whole composition was really bad, I left the whole dish. Luckily, my husband had a curry dish that was OK (mediocre), so he shared his dinner. I'll not go back there for a while. It is really bad that they are the best of Madison. Maybe the University Avenue location is better.
4	Best Thai I've had in the Mid-west. It reminded me a lot of the Thai that I have had in San Diego.  Very delicious.  They never asked me how spicy I wanted the food, but otherwise it was great.  The food wasn't too spicy though.  When I have Thai, I am always concerned about the heat.  The Panang Curry was outstanding.  It had just the right amount of peanut sauce to coconut milk.  AnThe restaurant is in a strip mall, but don't let the looks deter you.  The food is what you come for.  They give you a lot, so make sure that you have a big appitite or take some home. And as always the Thai Iced Tea is delicious.
1	Food was ok.Service was absolutely horrendous.Monday night, empty restaurant i.e we were the only diners there and the server had the audacity to ask us to give him the full order so that he wouldn't have to keep coming back.WTF? After he got us our food we never saw him again. I had to go looking for someone to ask for the check and some containers.Go figure.I was wondering where everyone was so while leaving I took a glance and there were 4-5 staff sitting around a table talking their heads off, laughing, joking, what have you.This is the last time we visit this place.
1	Worst service ever:  Dinner partner asked that entree not be served until we completed appetizers.  The female server pulled a face, stormed off, and returned with the main course fifteen minutes later, set it rudely on the table, stalked off without saying a word, ignoring our empty beer glasses, returned twenty minutes later, asked if we would like more beer.  Justifiably peeved, my dinner partner said, "no but we would have when you dropped the main course off. " The server replied that we were being, "really rude to her and making her feel uncomfortable," and sent another server by to, "take care of us."  When we requested to speak to the manager, he replied that the restaurant does not have a manager, whereupon we opted to leave.  The food was not particularly good, but coupled with the service, I can only suggest that curious diners  AVOID THIS RESTAURANT.
5	I had a really nice meal here during a sad trip. It made my day better. Thanks!
3	Curry fried rice is pretty amazing! I ate here last night and was very pleased with my choice of food. The curry fried rice is delicious with the right amount of heat. I tried my friend's pad Thai and it was just okay. Certainly not something I would ever order. Service could most definitely be better. Once our food was brought to the table, we didn't see our server again until he brought the check. My Pepsi was empty for half of the meal and I really wanted a refill. I will be back for the curry fried rice.
2	I was disappointed in my food tonight. The Tom Ka soup was sour with no spicy kick and the noodle dish was very bland.
2	We come here often because we love thai food and it's the closest one to us, but honestly it's not that good. The pad thai is not good here. In our most recent visit, it tasted really off and I didn't eat more than two bites. They didn't ask if anything was wrong, or offer to replace it, just If we wanted a box. No Thank you. A consistently great dish, thought is Yum ta Wei. The peanut sauce is excellent.
3	Have been here a couple of times in the 4.5 years that I have been in Madison. The first time I was here was definitely not planned. My roommate and I were heading to Saigon noodles, but they were super busy one evening (before they renovated and expanded the area), hence we stopped by Sai Bai Thong. I have had the pineapple dried rice, which was a pretty nice and interesting dish. The fried rice was contained in the shell of the pineapple instead of on a plate. The natural pineapple flavors infused into the rice, adding a truly refreshing taste to it. I am not sure if this dish is still being served, that was one of their specials some time back. Today I dined in again and had the duck curry. Serving is decent and our waitress was good. But I find that the curry is a tad too salty for my taste. Given the price range and the type of food this is not one of my regular go-to places, but once in a (long) while, if I am looking and looking for a place different to eat, I would give it a go.
3	All was good until we struggled to communicate splitting checks. Group of 9 of us went and ordered 8 dishes to share. I didnt actually do the ordering so I will try my best to remember.  Volcano chicken (crispy yum! - sauce tastes pretty much straight out of the sweet dumpling sauce bottle...), some duck curry (good, huge chunks of duck!), some red curry (pretty standard), scallop and veggie dish (salty/seafoody), pad thai pad seew ( both standard), fried rice (standard/more saucy than other places).
4	Gaang Ped (spelling?) with the red curry sauce & chicken... fabulous.  Great service, very tranquil inside.  I'll be back!
3	Pros:Love their veggie panaeng (sp?). ..and I love, love, love the veggie Tom Ka.... and their egg rolls... and their spring rolls...Cons:* Sometimes there are communication problems ordering by phone, so now we go there and place our take out order in person. Also they claim to deliver but when we tried to have an order delivered they said they couldn't find our street  so we had to pick up.* Went there 30 minutes before closing to dine in one time and they refused to seat us, saying they were going to be closing, but said we could order take out :(  Maybe they should advertise the last time they will seat people instead of what time they close.*While they serve lunch on the weekends, they don't offer their lunch menu, only the dinner menu. (Their lunch menu portions are smaller than the dinner menu, as well as less expensive.)Even with the cons, I love the veggie panaeng too much to stay away.
4	I was looking forward to dining in, but after a long day out and about, all I wanted to do was curl up on my couch and watch Netflix. Thankfully, Sa-Bai Thong has an easy to use (albeit glitchy) online ordering system which allows you to place orders for pick-up or delivery. I ordered the pad thai, angel wings, and the pa-naeng (per the suggestion of a friend).Sa-Bai Thong claims that their pad thai is 'the best in the state', so naturally, I had to try it. Although it is not the best I've had, I do think that it is one of the best pad thais I've had in the Madison area, but I wouldn't say it is THE BEST in Madison. I actually meant to eat half and save the other half for a friend, but I ended up finishing the whole takeout container full of pad thai. #noregrets. Tip:  A little bit of lime juice really brings out the flavors!I'd never had angel wings at any other Thai restaurant before, so I decided to give them a try. I was hoping that they weren't deep fried, but they actually are - so if you are watching your diet, I'd stay away from them! For $4 you get two stuffed chicken wings, which I found pretty delicious, but I would probably never order them again.I ended up saving the pa-naeng for a second meal. It was a little thick coming out of the fridge so I added a little bit of water and some broccoli/sweet peas which made the curry just perfect!! I'm really glad my friend recommended it!I can't wait to be back to try more of the menu!
5	Food n service was great. Nice ambience. We had spring roll , fried rice , and was made amazing , so far best thai restaurant in madison area
5	I've never eaten at this actual restaurant, like I have the west side, but I've gotten plenty of deliveries from here. It's never really differed from the other location so I'm just going to copy the part that applies, "The take out has always been FANTASTIC. I've tried many of their curries and I've never really disliked any of them. I definitely think the place is over priced, but I crave this place too damn much and end up paying the prices. I always have left overs and end up needing extra rice. Usually I'll just make it at home myself when I'm heating up left overs the next day. The times I've gotten extra rice, it heated up pretty well when microwaved with the curry."
5	I love this restaurant! Delicious food, all the time. I make it my small splurge for the week. I highly recommend this restaurant.
1	This place is unbelievable, the review strictly applies to their delivery service. I'm in town for Epic and wanted to order food, I call at 4pm then the lady tells me they won't delivery until 530 (even though website says 430), I agree and remind her at least five times to pack some hot sauce/soy sauce. The food arrives around 540, it's cold noodles with no fork or condiments. The guy tries to argue and annoyingly says "there are 2 locations, other one is closer to this hotel" I understand that so I reply that I'm obviously not from Wisconsin so if distance was an issue, they should have said something when I called. I re-heat the food in the lobby microwave & then call the restaurant. I try to stay calm while I tell the lady that I requested condiments more than once, didn't get anything, no fork with my noodles and my food is cold. She has the nerve to argue over the phone then suddenly ignores me & starts talking to her co worker in their native language. I can't say I'm surprised, if language barrier is an issue then they should have someone who speaks proper English. In the end I just hung up while the lady the lady went on a rant with her co worker, never again.
2	I asked a neighbor from Thailand what he considered the best place for Thai food in Madison, and he pointed across the street. I'm still not quite sure whether the penance I would pay was a set-up. Ordered a few things here for takeout when my family was visiting, and what I remember best, the pad thai and spring rolls, were fantastically and unsavably bland. The takeout estimates were also way off. This would normally amount to an "average" experience but that I spent our last horrible, horrible winter without a car and without takeout from this location should speak to the impact of that experience.
4	I usually come here for chive dumplings and summer rolls minus the pork. Over the holidays you had wonderful lotus seed and red bean paste not too sweet bakeries for sale. They were outstanding! Make more of them!!!! If you are not making them and you are getting them from somewhere, bring them more often and make them a regular offering! (see photos)
