5	I've had every carrier you can think of (except, of course, Cricket).  The customer service at T-Mobile is awesome!  I *had* to have the RAZR two years ago.  Ugh.  It was the worst phone ever.  Wasn't T-Mobile's fault, just Motorola.  Anyway, visited the store twice and had to get replacement phones.  Each time, they exchanged the phone for free.Even now when I have troubles, I go in and everyone is friendly and helpful.  I'm still with them for another couple years (I keep needing new phones!) and wouldn't change providers for anything right now.
2	unlike Amy D. I have not had every carrier you can think of, ONLY Cricket, and now, a two year binding indentured servant contract thru TMobile.Let's start off with the store: was it built on top of an indian burial ground? is there a sewer main that has broken? Is their septic tank backed up? do their employees shower in sulfur springs?what is up with that stank in this place!? I've been here twice now and each time it reeked of rotten eggs. It was so bad that the first time I came here, my friends waited for me outside!T-Mobile for me, is synonomous with shoddy service, I can never get a signal! Whether it's in my own bathroom, the 4th floor of the office building I work in, or sitting in class. My calls are constantly dropped as well. I will be mid sentence before I realize there isnt anyone on the other end and I've been talking to dead air. Prittaay. Prittaay. Frustrating.[rickety] Cricket gets a lot of [roberta] Flak for their ghetto-ish-ness (see what I did there?) but I will take them anyday, I remember the good ol' days when I'd ride my bike down to mill and sit at the Cricket store amongst the other lost souls, as I waited to pay my $40 bill, It was a hairs breadth away from waiting in line at DES or the DMV, crying babies, rapidly spoken spanish chattering from all corners, an apathetic and overweight security guard by the door, dirty chairs, stained carpet, a snoozy black dude falling asleep next to me practically on my shoulder Ahhh the good ol days of Cricket.not anymoreNow T-mobile and the unintelligible phillipine call centers rule my cell phone usage, with their expensive payments, my crappy phone, their shoddy service, it's enough to push a man into becoming like Michael Douglas's character in "Falling Down"... and to add insult to injury they dont even have Catherine Zeta-Jones as their spokeswoman anymore: ummm WTF just because she was in Entrapment? c'mon it wasnt Sean Connery's best but it wasnt her worst! dont hold Entrapment against her! bring back Catherine ZJ you morose motherfuckers!cannot wait 'till that 2 year contract is up!
2	T-mobile lost a loyal customer of 5+ years.  They refused to work with me while I was struggling during the recession.  I told them this is how you treat a loyal customer ?  They said ( My situation ) was based on policy.I told them to cancel my account and four lines and they would never see their EFT fees at least in my life time.No wonder T-Mobile is struggling they don't know how to keep loyal customers happy and CUSTOMERS.T-Mobile, Meh.  I've experienced better.
