2	YOU WILL GET YOUR MONEYS WORTH IN THIS PLACE.. HOWEVER... I don't like their attitude towards 'wasting food'. So I ended up in here for a dinner... man greeted us at the door and showed us this menu on what he had to offer.  There is a lot of choose from: fish, chicken, shrimp, pork chop, italian cuisine, etc. This 'combo' comes with soup/salad and coffee/tea and dessert.All for roughly $20-25 ... which in my opinion is a great deal. So we get seated and the waiter kindly comes over and suggests we hop over across the street to grab a bottle of wine and they will open it free of charge.  (side note - I love this idea.. why don't we have this in Toronto , where you can bring your own bottle of wine .. grrr).  So we get the wine he opens is then we start ordering. We get TWO appetizers now .. so crab salad, escargo, or spinach pie THE the soup/salad and then the main meal. By the time my escargo (which was excellent) and salad (which was huge) came ..I was getting the full feeling already.  THEN THE MAIN MEAL CAME.Well let me tell you how much food there was .. it could feed an army!chicken, shrimp, rice, veggies, potatoes... I mean honestly who could eat all this?? So of course half of my meal goes back because Im just loaded and my parents did the same thing.  Waiter came over and asked how everything was and we laughed saying "it was good but way too much food"Waiter replied "better too much than too little" NOW .. my take is ... Yes I know Im complaining about having too much food on my plate , however you should have been the food going back and being wasted.I mean there are kids in the world that would die for that food and here half the restaurant is sending all this food back .. just a waste.I think they should make an adjustment on their portions to be honest.  It's just too much food and then by the end of it all you feel like shit anyways because you're over stuffed! I will admit I liked the food but Im sure there is better quality out there for french food. I would go back because of the value but I'd like something alittle more French Cuisine and I don't think that was them.
5	I love this restaurant. The lunch menu is not expensive and really good. Service is excellent, nice waiters.The stake Prince Arthur is delicious! Lunch special comes with an entrance and a dessert.They have nice terrace. If the weather is nice, you can't go wrong.
