5	If you want a cheap room in a clean hostel this is the place for you! It's located on a very active street with tons of restaurants and bars within walking distance.It's even in walking distance to the Gay Village, though it's a decent walk.The breakfast was great every morning and the staff was very nice. I highly recommend.
4	This is a great location to base your trip to Montreal.  Rooms are small but clean and good value for price and the croissants at breakfast are heavenly!  Be warned the showers is very tiny.  Would definitely stay there again.
5	This place was FANTASTIC in all respects.  Great location, wonderful staff who not only knew who we were by name but also cared enough to ask how the day exploring went, and when dinner was not up to their standards (though my companion and I thought it was fine) they arranged for us to have a meal the next day at an Italian place.  Wireless internet in the rooms can be a bit spotty at times, but with the cable it works without issue.  Cannot recommend this place highly enough.  I'd give it more than 5 stars if possible.
5	I've stayed here twice, and I've enjoyed both visits. The location is easily walkable from the subway, and is in the Latin Quarter which has lots of fun cafes, restaurants, and boutiques nearby. In the summer, I also utilized the bixi bikes nearby for transport.The staff are friendly and very helpful, too. I've opted for private rooms both times I've visited, and I really love the renovations that they have done recently. There is also free wifi, and the croissants served at breakfast are very tasty.
5	I visited Montreal in the summer of 2013 during FrancoFolie.The staff is friendly, the price is good, and it's right in the middle of everything.We stayed in a room where the electricity kept going out (I guess the circuit kept breaking or something). After about the third time, they called me and said they were going to upgrade me to a better (larger) room at no additional charge. If I ever come up to Montreal again, I will be seeing if this place has any vacancies.
4	Very clean private room. Breakfast is nothing to write home about, though it's good that it's available if you want a bite to eat before heading out. Coffee place up the street on the corner of Saint Denis and Sherbrooke was better for breakfast and coffee. Small bathroom designed such that I could hit my head on a different stationary object every day - impressive. Location is perfect for walking to Old Montreal, downtown or the Latin Quarter. Fair price for what you get. Would stay here again if I got to visit Montreal again.
