4	I work in the office building next to this mall so I have had a lot of experience with the food court.  Johnny Rockets is a great option if I get sick of Paradise Bakery or can withstand the lure of Panda's Orange Chicken.  I give this four stars based on the other selections in the food court.  You can get a nice sized burger, a BLT, even an egg salad sandwich if you are so inclined.  But what I really like is the grilled cheese.  Talk about a comforting lunch if you are having a bad day at work.  They use decent cheese and its not too greasy.  If only they served tomato soup...
3	I'm now reviewing food court eateries.  Clearly my social life is lacking.  However, at some point we're all faced with eating at one.  I was at Macy's lamenting that all the clothes I would like to wear are not flattering of my current body type.  Might as well have a cheeseburger.  Their burgers are not bad actually.  They remind me a little of Sonic burgers if that helps.  Better than Burger King or McDonald's in my opinion.  Fries are thick cut which I am not a fan of. but they are okay.  I like that I can get  a cherry Coke.   They make a good grilled cheese, too.  And no, I did not have that as a side to my cheeseburger!
2	I love Johnny Rockets. This location is a total disappointment. The girls that work there aren't very friendly and don't pay attention you order. I would recommend having them repeat your order so you actually get what you want. I ordered a tuna melt and ended up with a cold tuna sandwich that I had to throw away. It was a total waste of $10. I will pass on this place the next time I eat at the mall.
2	I've been here a few times for a quick bite and am not impressed. You are going to end up paying Chili's price for a burger, but with drive-thru quality. If they toast your bun, consider yourself lucky. If your fries are hot, consider yourself lucky. If your burger fix-ins aren't spilled out all over your plate like a gutted pig when you get it, consider yourself lucky.This joint definitely needs to work on quality and consistency.
4	Very friendly staff , food was okay
1	Took over 20 mins to get 2 burgers, and fries. The burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy. Employee "Jared" was too busy eating in the back room, throwing punches in the air, and then talking to another employee about wanting to get off early, rather than help customers. My Wife and I have eaten here in the past, and the experience was bad. This time, I told her that if I suggest going here again, to smack me.
4	Yes please! I really like this Johnny Rockets! Every time I come here I leave with the biggest food baby! Even though this is a chain restaurant I can't get over their delicious chili cheese fries! I am a sucker for good old fashion chili cheese fries! It's nice to come to a laid back atmosphere, on any regular day and enjoy great oldies music, friendly staff, big old school burgers, chili cheese fries and an Oreo shake to wash it down with! It also helps that it's in the mall and I love to people watch! A great ending to a long day at work! Hopefully everyone enjoys an easy, quick, yummy spot like me! Remember it doesn't always have to be fancy to be great.
4	Johnny Rockets has been around for a while and it just continues to serve good food!This location is located in Fashion Square's food court and here is what they do well.  Their menu is simple. You have burgers grilled to order, sandwiches, malts and shakes.  A few other things like fries and onion rings, but the menu is pretty straight forward.  You can sit on a stool and have a more personal experience with your server, or order it at their Take Away station.  For some reason I tend to sit at the counter when I'm alone.  I know it's an illusion, but I tend to think I get my food faster by sitting here. LOLI really love their Egg Salad sandwich.  I know it's silly, but it reminds me of eating in a Diner or a Drugstore back in the day.  The Malts by the way are outstanding and we have never, ever had a bad meal here.  Simplicity at it's best.Yes, Johnny Rockets is A-OK in my book, and yes, I am a fan.Enjoy!
4	You guys do realize that this Johnny Rockets is at a mall's food court, right?  The service isn't going to be the best.
3	Just because this is located in a food court shouldn't excuse poor service. I ordered a simple burger with no cheese, fries and a soda from the takeout counter. Twenty minutes later, still no food. My husband got his food from another place and was done eating while I was still waiting. Finally he went to check and they gave him the burger and fries which had been sitting at the prep counter to be picked up. No soda though and he had to call the waiter back to get it. Then I discovered the burger had cheese when clearly my order ticket requested no cheese. So I had to wait for another one. After all that, I ate only half of what was a fairly mediocre greasy burger that I paid almost $6 for. I love JR normally but won't eat at this one again.
3	A really good burger for a chain in a mall's food court... They really do a burger justice here and they cook it to order while you watch. I like their fries too...
4	Located in the food court of the Fashion Square Mall, I don't come to this Johnny Rockets location too often.  However, when I do, I like to indulge in a Single w/Cheese, $5.49.  Designed like an old school, diner, it brings back fond memories of my first experience with Johnny Rockets in Westwood, CA near UCLA.They make their Burgers fresh here, so it takes a while for your order to come out....but it's worth it!  Because of it's location, this place is always busy when I pass by, otherwise I'd dine here more often.Overall, it's a great Burger and good vibe.Return Factor - 90%
2	Food taste good (even though it was cold!) but the service is horrible. My and other customers' order were ready but were just sitting out getting cold. I had to go up to get my food since I wasn't getting paged. I contacted corporate and never heard back. Won't go back again. I'll try Five Brothers next door instead.
3	Okay service, the server didnt have much of a personality but the food overall was good.
1	This place routinely has the absolute worst service.  The first time my 2 kids and I went there, it took like 45 mins to get served.  THIS IS A MALL PEOPLE! Now tonight, my kids have forgot the pain from the last time, but they said they wanted to eat there again. I overpaid for the kids tenders. While they were waiting for their food, I went to another restaurant and got my food.  I came back to the table where my kids were still waiting. I ate my whole dinner (slowly), while they were STILL waiting. So now as I have nothing to do while waiting for them to finish eating dinner, I'm writing this review. Smh...
3	This is our second Johnny Rockets and the one in Nashville was at least 1 star better than this one. The hamburger fell apart, came with to many very dill pickles and the sauce was loaded with mustard. I knew better, but tried a strawberry shake that was thick with no real strawberries and super sweet. Should have stuck with water like my wife did. The food was hot and the buns were NOT spongy - sticky and the fries were ok. The best I can say is "It's OK" but I would go with the anything Asian  next time.
2	I have to start this review by saying that i LOVE cheeseburgers- They are my most favorite thing. This being the case, i have tried many a burger place in my day. Johnny Rockets is usally pretty good. They are known for having thin, smashed, juicy meat and tasty fries. This is not the case at this particular location in the Scottsdale Fashion Square. This location is always rushed and does not have the same taste as many other locations i have been. My most recent vistit was to have a Classic Cheeseburger with well done bacon, side of fries and root beer. Burger was GREASY!, bacon was barely cooked and was mostly fat and fries came out WAY before the food. I was not as happy as i usually am after eating a burger- this place needs work- they are not living up to the name!
4	Four stars for the cheeseburger. It had been a long while since I had a Johnny Rockets burger. In fact, the last time I had Johnny Rockets was in college! However, during a recent shopping trip and movie night at the mall, we stopped by for burgers before the show. This is a delicious burger! It is juicy and has the special sauce and is just fatty goodness. It's definitely worth the visit if you're in the mood for a juicy burger on the go.
