4	Had a blast! This range has a lot to offer. Many options for what you want to shoot. My boyfriend and I shot the 21 course sporting clays. A few stations were closed, which I wish they would have told us about before we started so we knew how to stretch out our 100 clays each. Also, they just handed over a key to a golf cart, didn't tell us which one, handed over the rental gun with no instruction (good think I know my way around a beretta 12 guage over under), and did not give us a score card. The course was clean and user friendly, the clubhouse, bar and shop were nice and clean as well. We also shot a round of trap. The girl up front did not instruct us on how to switch the system from skeet to trap so we did waste a few of our clays we paid for. The service could have been better there and that is the only reason I can't give them a 5 star rating. We will definitely be back though and might evenbecome members.
5	Point Blank - Great place!  What can I say other than great experience!1.  Getting There - Not difficult, follow the signs.  If it is difficult, then think bout it, you should probably not be operating weapons!2.  Clubhouse - Outstanding.  Did not know whether to bring golf clubs or go shooting!3.  Service - This is my first time and they were awesome. Treated me with respect as I did not know what to do or how the system worked.  Very fair, very non judgmental.  I felt very welcome here.4.  Range - Pistol shooting an found it to be perfect in so many ways.5.  Hints - In summer, bring lots of water and ice. I say, check it out. This place is on target!
5	Paid $105 for the clay shooting.Worth every penny.  They give you a lot of ammo and clays, so feel free to be trigger happy.It comes with two shot guns, and they gave us a lesson on how to operate the equipment.
4	Came here to do some trap shooting for a bachelor party, and needless to say, we had a great time here! We came on a Sat afternoon around 2:30 and we were the only ones shooting some clay in their 21 course grounds with our over under shot guns. This was my first time shooting a shot gun, and I had a blast! It took about two and half hours to go through the entire course, and this was just taking 1 or 2 rounds in a group of 3 people. Location is about 30min outside of Vegas, so totally worth the drive if you have your own car. Definitely will be coming back to shoot more guns :)
5	THIS PLACE IS AWESOME. MUST CHECK THIS PLACE OUT! Plenty of options (indoor, outdoor, rifle, fully automatic, pistol, sporting clays, trap & skeet etc). Staff was most friendly at any range I have been too. Prices were very reasonable compared to others. Lodge was comfortable. Great hours too.
5	What a blast!!  My family of 6 (children in age range of 17 to 28) loved this experience.  The DHGC is roughly 30 miles from the Las Vegas Strip...all freeway.  The staff was amazing and did everything possible to make sure our time at the range was perfect...and it was.  We received a lesson in loading and shooting a shotgun and then navigated their 21 site course by golf cart.  None of us had fired shotguns before and immediatley got the hang of it.  A cheer would ring the desert every time we hit a clay pigeon.  We ended staying close to three hours and struggled to use all of the ammunition that they provided us.  This was a total WIN and we would gladly return to do it all over again!!
5	GREAT PLACE!!!  Mike there was great and helped us out and made our day.  Would go back again and again...!!!
5	Im not a gun person, but even i think this place is amazing. The staff is knowledgeable, friendly, and takes time to walk you through everything. The prices are reasonable and the selection top notch. I live in Vegas and every time people come to visit I take them here for half a day. Off the strip which I think is a huge benefit and I recommend this place to everyone.
5	Clay shooting for the first time a great bonding experience with some friends. If you were good at Duck Hunt, you'll love this activity. Next time you head to Vegas, give this a try. Bring your ear plugs and eye protection to save you some money.
5	I went with a friend who is a member. We used the rifle range and pistol range. Also did the practice shotgun are with automatic clay pigeon throwers. Staff was great. Clubhouse has a bar that was surprisingly nice. They do sell ammo as well.
5	Best gun club I've ever been to. great service and price.
5	On Friday June 15th I was in Las Vegas for a 2 day business conference. The first day was all business meetings with 200 other dealers and the second day was spent at the Desert Hill Shooting Club. I really did not know what to expect since I have never been to a gun range before. Let me just say this is one day that I will never forget. It was one of the coolest, adrenaline filled experiences of my life. We started with skeet shooting than worked our way over to the track where we raced these off road trucks around a specially designed dirt track. The people from VORE(Vegas Off Road Experience) are true professionals. After the trucks our group made our way to the clubhouse for some BBQ. Delicious!!After lunch I met Chris and Jacob(The Range Instructors) where they showed us how to fire macine guns and a .50 Caliber Sniper Rifle. Chris and Jacob are awesome!!! They could not have been more helpful. Kuddos to Chris and Jacob. Finally, after a long heart pounding, adventure filled day we concluded by going to the Pro Gun Club where we enjoyed the refreshing air condition, ice cold beverages, and the amazing company of Elizabeth(Liz). I can't say enough good things about the customer service that Liz provided our group. Her hardwork and friendly attitude definately won us over. We will be back!!! Thank you all for making Friday the 15th a day I will never forget. I will recomend Desert Hills Shooting Club to every person that I know. It's just AWESOME!!!! - MC
5	Excellent customer service.  Helped out on the range by Chris T., who was super professional.  The selection of rentals is extensive, and the rates for rentals are very reasonable.  Their rental guns (on two separate occasions, we have fired the M249, the Mini Uzi, the M203, and the M82) are very well maintained (as far as I can tell).  Biggest con: Dealing with the heat in the summer can be brutal . . . :)  Go early in the morning!Overall, a great experience!
5	A great facility - a modern, very comfortable club house, clean restrooms, fully stocked bar (for after the range, of course), excellent pistol and rifle ranges, around 6 large shooting pits to set up your own IDPA type stage or shoot a variety of weapons (pistol, rifle, etc.) on the same range,  five stands and clay course.  Want to blow up a car...talk to them, something can probably be set up for you.The staff in the club house and the range safety officers are all professional and friendly.  Need some ammo on the spot, they usually have what you need.  It is always a highlight of the week to visit Desert Hills Shooting Club - highly recommended.
5	I come here for 2 things, The Range and Airsoft Games.The Customer service here is just great! Friendly staff, very helpful with questions and very professional. My experience here with the range thus far is just top notch, it may be quite far from any tourist attraction, but if you want a shooting range i would say its worth the drive if you're from out of town.  Typical and good prices, great selection of guns as well!As for Airsoft, in the summer the games are usually night since it's so hot, and most of the ops are on Saturdays. Games are organized through meetup.com and i believe the Pro Gun Club is just only letting us airsofters play here. There are no rentals (yet perhaps) unless you ask a player with an extra gun.Great experience everytime i go out and shoot or play. Definitely worth checking out. Safe shooting.
5	Top notch outfit! Friendly staff, great location and a very nice experience was had by all present. Safety training before you use the facilities is provided for all first time visitors, and the store also has many wonderful things to check out and rent if you are so inclined.Once all your ammo is spent and the "toys" are stowed safely away, there is also a nice clubhouse where visitors can enjoy a beer, cocktail and/or a fine cigar afterwards; a great place to talk shop and make new friends.Highly recommended to say the least.
5	A brief update.  We went again to Pro Gun Club, and the equipment and service were as good as in our previous trip.  Definitely worth a visit.  Thanks!
5	Came here last year for a friends bachelor party, a lil ways off the strip but well worth it. Best range I have ever been to, heard celebs come thru here as well. Has everything you need, shot uzis, desert eagles, automatics, even did some skeet shooting for the first time and it was alot easier than i thought - just like Nintendo's Duck Hunt. Only negatives was a staff needs to be with you at all times to show you how to shoot each type of gun - understandable and our guy was coo. Shot so many types of guns was hopin to throw some gernades or ride a tank around and shoot targets :). OVERALL GREAT PLACE.PS if you go around the summertime, make sure to bring some gatorade, hat, sunglasses, sunscreen. It gets hellahot being outside for awhile.
5	I recently went to the pro gun club for a charity sporting clays shoot that was put on by the Southern Nevada homebuilders charity home aid of Nevada.  The event took place at the pro-gun club and pro-gun club partnered with these groups to put on a very good event.  The program started on time all of the sporting clay targets were set correctly and there were menus at every station indicating the pairs, the order of target presentation that was prepared by club staff.  I didn't have a single target come out broken, the machines were working and everything ran smoothly so it's obvious that they have spent the right amount of money in buying good machines and then keeping them up-to-date.Pro GC obviously has the ability to vary their target presentation from the multiple shooting stations that they have on their sporting clays course which covers a large loop. What this does is it gives the club the opportunity to change the difficulty of a program depending upon the level of shooter, and this made the event enjoyable for a group of people who aren't necessarily there to set world records or compete in an  NSCA event.   The clubhouse was maintained well, they have clean restrooms a pro shop with ammo sales, the parking is good and there's lots of other things to do aside from sporting.  They also have full auto rentals and different ranges where you can shoot targets full auto and even mount a machine gun to an APC and fire at an old junk car.  There are some membership options also.
5	Great great service. This is the 2nd time my wife and I have had an opportunity to go the 1st time was with a livingsocial discount. Both times the staff have been *amazingly* courteous knowledgable and straight-forward (not one of those ranges where they give you an odd vibe). The skeet shooting facility is fun. And their prices are reasonable.  Our hotel was next door to some range advertised on tv. And it was more than worthwhile to drive out to pro gun club!  We will be back.
5	We had a great experience as one of the activities for my friend's bachelor party.  It's a little ways from the strip and not that easy to get to, but it's definitely worth it. Anywhere in Vegas, especially with a large group of males, you'll spend $50-$100 per person for various activities in a matter of minutes. Even compared to regular indoor shooting ranges, it's a way better value. They have various courses for different difficulties. You get little scorecards too, so you can make it a fun and competitive experience. It does get really hot out and you need to stay hydrated, but you also get get to go at your own pace and not feel rushed. That part was nice because you can take your time and enjoy the experience.The staff was incredibly friendly. They were very helpful, particularly to the beginners. They also brought out ice cold water to people throughout the day at the various courses. I definitely recommend this place to anyone!
5	This place is great! The only downside is that it is 40 minutes from my house. I wish it was closer. Really nice and affordable outdoor range. The people there are really friendly.
5	Highly recommended; best experienced in group so that you can try a variety of guns!Pros: - Great clubhouse where you can enjoy drinks. - Complementary bottle of cold water. - Great service in and out of the clubhouse.  - Golf carts to take you around the range. - Wide range of pistols, rifles, and automatic weapons to choose from. - 50-caliber pistol, sniper rifle (Barrett) and machine gun mounted on a Humvee available.Cons: - Some may find it expensive (or at least once you like a certain gun and keep buying ammo!)Captain Bacon (not his real name, but he doesn't give out his real name) was a great guide for our group, patiently and clearly teaching first-time shooters and experienced shooters alike.  Highly recommended for hose looking for an outdoor range with great weaponry and service!
5	What an awesome place!!! The staff was great leading up to our visit and upon arrival, they were ready for us and super friendly. The range itself is sooo much better than anything you find near the strip. The prices are better too (you can easily absorb the cost of a rental car with the savings). The knowledge of the range staff and the variety of weapons is outstanding. If you are looking to shoot and in Vegas, do yourself a favor and make the trip out to Pro Gun Club....TOTALLY WORTH IT!!!
5	Great facilities, good prices, friendly employees. I went las.week.with.two.friends and.we.had a good time.
4	Even though this gun range is literally across town and in another city, it is so worth the drive.My friends and I have been here a few times throughout the years and one thing I absolutely love about this place is that you can shoot steel!Never mind punching holes through paper, something about shooting steel that gives you instant feedback and aids you in developing better target acquisition and and accuracy.The ranges we use here are clean and the RSOs are professional.  The people we encounter here are enthusiasts just like us and not tourist blasting off and ammo dumping machine guns.Highly recommend this place for its atmosphere.
