5	Friendly, family type business. Very well stocked. Very experienced and helpful staff. I've gotten a ready answer to every question. Much nicer than going to one of the big chain stores.
5	These guys are great! Friendly, helpful and great lessons for first time shooters!
5	Corner Archery and the staff take customer service to a new level.  I cant say enough good things about how they treat their customers and the experiences that I have had at the shop.Excellent kids JOAD progam!
5	This is the place to be if you shoot a bow.  Especially true if its a recurve you shoot.  Everyone here, staff, coaches, staff shooters are extremely helpful and happy to answer any questions you have.Don't waste time going to the other hunting shops to ask about recurves, they will tell you the wrong answers and put compound parts on your recurves.  Its not fun and its always a waste of money.  Come here and Rhonda and her team of staff and coaches will do everything for you.  From ordering a bow, recommending options, listening to your inputs, to following up with you with updates on expected bow arrivals.  When the bow and parts arrive, come in for about 1 and 1/2 hours for them to set it up for you.  Every little detail is looked into, alignment of your plunger/sights/arrow rest/nocking point/ draw length. I have been to several other places to try and get a recurve put together but, its very disheartening when you staff is not as current or not as informed about the types of risers and limbs as yourself.  When you come here, you will not have such problems.Oh, don't get me wrong about this being a recurve place.  Far from it, a lot of hunters and a lot of compound shooters come here to get their bows tuned, arrows, accessories.  They help compound shooters adjust and tune their bow settings, recommend the right kind of arrows for them, help them figure out why their arrows curve a certain way, set them up with different kinds of compound targets for their practices. Oh did i mention accessories.  They have everything you need....................everything. if they don't have it in stock, u can be sure they can order it for you.  I have seen people here with their 4th or 5th bow, and they will talk fondly about their first bow which they had gotten here too.  You will see parents with their own bow shooting alongside their kids in the shooting ranges.  This is the place to be when you have decided you are going to try out or get into archery/
5	Its been a great year and to be honest I really cant find the right words to describe Corner Archery.  In the past year I have seen the owner / coach, Rhonda, transform my kids into phenomenal archers.  Since joining the program over a year ago my kids have excelled in school, gained additional confidence and personal strength, and have a new focus and drive that is incredible. We have made countless new friends and contacts as well as found a new family hobby!  The Saturday JOAD program for the kids is first rate with Olympic coaching staff helping develop the kids every step of the way.  Due to the program my kids have participated in countless archery competitions and have come home with plaques, trophies, and medals, showing that what they have learned, has developed their skills.The staff is very friendly and outgoing and willing to spend the extra time and give sound advice on purchases and equipment selection.  It is my true belief that although they are in business to make money they also will steer customers in the right direction so money is not wasted!  The staff is here to develop lifelong customers not just a one-time purchaser.  I have yet to return to a big-box store for anything archery related.
5	These guys stock everything for your bow.  I had my sons Hoyt youth bow restrung within 20 minutes of taking it in.  I thought I was going to be dropping it off as his string was an odd length. They are super friendly and accommodating. I will be taking my bows there every time for any work needing done.
5	As an adult new to archery, great experience as the staff was very friendly and helped me learn the basics and information I needed to make an informed bow purchase. Looking forward to receiving my order and will be taking a private lesson which I thought was extremely reasonably priced. Will update my review afterward.
