4	Newtown is a visually deceiving place.  From the outside, the staircase leading to the main floor looks like an intimate restaurant/lounge but once inside, it's actually fairly huge.Inside, it's gray and white minimalist decor with low violet lighting (or at least I thought it was violet lighting).Towards the back  are two sets of staircase, one leading to the terrace for the summertime and another staircase leading to the bar downstairs.Everyone one of the staff was really cool and accomodating which was refreshing considering the type of service received during a New Year's party.  They didn't have Tanqueray for the open bar package which was fine since the Gin & Tonics still tasted good and not watered down.The music was was a mix of electro house, hip hop and top 40 music kept the crowd moving till 2am.Overall, the experience was great and a lot of fun and I'd definitely come back when I'm in Montreal again.
2	I was not particularly impressed with this place.  The meal started out promising enough with the goat cheese appetizer.  However, my cod entree with potatoes was served with some sort of sauce that I could not quite describe.  Perhaps I just didn't suit my taste, but it just wasn't that good.  The service was friendly, if a bit slow at times, especially considering there were only like four tables eating at the restaurant (we got there after 10PM).  The upstairs bar and downstairs bars were packed, so perhaps this is more of a nightlife location as opposed to a dining location.
3	I visited Montreal on Formula 1 weekend (worldcup opening weekend also) soo this street was overcrowded so as Newtown! the DJ played lots of oldskool, I recommend it more for a 25+ crowds, drinks where not too strong maybe it was because of the overcrowd going on.
2	My coworkers came here for dinner our first night in Montreal (a Monday) and were not impressed. Apparently on Sunday & Monday the regular restaurant is closed so there is only a bar menu.We didn't realize this until we sat down after just sprinting in to get out of a thunderstorm. The decor is the nicest part - modern and funky with nice open windows (luckily the rain wasn't coming in!) and a good view of Crescent St. There was only one waitress working who was doing her best (to be fair), but she needed help. She was scrambling around and we had to track her down for everything from menus to ordering and getting the check.Food was kind of a joke. The menu was not cohesive or complementary at all. Charcuterie plates, hamburgers, and grilled cheese? Prices were also ridiculous (the grilled cheese was $1 more than the hamburger?) and not worth it. I'd stay away.
3	super pricey for what you're getting, pretty good cocktails, good service.The food is crazy over-priced here (maybe it's a Montreal thing), so too were the drinks. BUT, on the other hand, this was the only place I could find in the downtown-touristy area that had a bottle of Angostura bitters, so the pretty friendly barkeep, tough he'd never heard of it before, let me walk him through an Old Fashioned, which was great (and I'd been looking for an Old Fashioned for days by that point, but nobody carried bitters). Also tried their version of a pomegranate mojito, which was also done really well - tart instead of sugary, which I liked.The decor is shamcy-low-key, mood lightning, swanky. It felt great to get out of the snow for two hours and feel a little chic, and I was really happy to have a good bartender, but I don't think I'd be back again. Trop cher pour moi.[this will mean very little to most people, but Le Newton found an AMAZING designer to do their business cards. I want to know who's responsible. They're incredible.]
1	We chose this place because we wanted beef tartare. Worst experience ever. I picked a cocktail - off. I picked another - off. I ordered a 3rd one and it never turned up. We ordered tartare and they didn't have anymore. I complained. I asked to see a manager - none ever turned up. In the end, they "found" a portion of beef tartare which my date had since it was his birthday. I ordered salmon tartare, which was a ridiculously small portion, with two small cubes of water melon as an accompaniment. That is what I call taking the piss. The waitress was lovely; it wasn't her fault and she listened and apologised, but I will never go back there again.
5	Great spot.  You need to be on the rooftop patio in the summer, fantastic view of Crescent St.  Inside is good too, the restaurant is very nice, more formal.  The lounge is a bit more casual, different menus but both available if you ask.  Great quality food and upscale atmosphere.  Walking distance to everything.Regarding the food itself, the lounge menu is ok, but the dinner menu is fantastic!  (or fantastique as they say here)  I have eaten scallop tartar, a duck meal that I can't remember what it's called, and even just steak and fries...all great.
4	Of all the bars and lounges we visited in Montreal, i'd say that this was my fave. It was classy, lounge-y, somewhat low-key, the patrons were not creepy or annoying and the servers both nites were very nice and efficient. I'd recommend for a nite out of town
4	I have been here for a few evening meals, never to the dance club, so I can't comment on that! The food in the restaurant was very good, ambiance is nice, upscale. Service was good, attentive, it was very busy each time I was there. The lunch menu is OK, tho I think there are better places for lunch in Montreal. I agree with other reviewers that the upstairs restaurant is the place to eat, but the downstairs bar/ lounge is not a bad place to hangout, have a drink and look at the beautiful Montrealers.
4	Once again they do a top notch job.  (did i just write top notch?)Great service here, good food too.  we ate off the dinner menu, but in the lounge.  thought id shake things up a bit.Found a nicely priced tasty New Zealand wine to sip on and everything was great.Takes Amex here.
5	One of our favorite places here. We have been going to dinners here for almost 6 years! We have never been disappointed!
3	The place was really nice and the terrace was a hot spot. The hookah was ok nothing serious and the service was not the best! Other then that they would've probably gotten 4 or 5 stars. I would give this place another chance if I'm in town...
4	The service was great until the new waitress took over, she had no patience and rushed us (my delicious glass of sangria was half full when she took it away). The food was great. I got salmon salad. And they offer hookah on the third floor, with beautiful view!
3	This is a good place to find decent wine, by the glass.  The first floor lounge is modern and somewhat trendy.  Prices are above average, but service is good.  An excellent club to show off that pretty (little) black dress once the evening gets rolling.
1	One of the worst meals I've had in a long time.  The only positive thing about this place was the hostess.   She was very nice when she sat us down.  The food took an hour to reach the table.... after I asked when our table could expect our food.   I was told it was on its way... it took another 15 minutes to arrive after I asked about the status.  The food, once it arrived, was not hot.... was not tasty.... it was bad.   My pork chop was as dry as Phoenix in August.   The staff never apologized for the delay.... the waitress was useless.   It was a train wreck.   Stay away!!!!
4	For some reason Newtown has always been one of the places I frequent most for 5 a 7.  Not sure if its because its conveniently located, but I always start there with a group of people.  The drinks are a bit expensive, but they have the two for one deal during 5 a 7.  The terrasse is especially nice during the summer.  The service can be a bit shoddy at times, and the food marginal, but I mainly go for drinking and I suggest you do too.Also, I haven't seen a place with this much turnover in staff in a long time.  Every time I go there are new people.
3	Nice drink menu and a great balcony with a view of the city. Much better than the club/pub options down the street. Very trendy vibe but worth it to avoid loud club beats on a weekend!
1	Worst. service. ever.We were the only table (15 people) out of the ENTIRE floor, and yet the 3 waiters there seemed to have better things to do than to serve us water or bread while waiting almost 2 hours for our mediocre food. We actually had to go grab random water pitchers and bread baskets from other empty tables - it was THAT bad. And the food? Soooo "bleh". Not worth the price tag AT ALL. Stay away, tourists. Montreal has so much better to offer - going there will make you think we have no idea how to run a restaurant.
2	Was there yesterday, service was not good. FoodIs fine. Will not renew the experience!
3	The Newton....Went there on a date on a Friday night for dinner overall it was a nice experience. The atmosphere was hip and cool, sorta private , the drinks were good. The food wasn't something id die and go to heaven for. I ordered a salad for appetizer it was good. For my main course I had beef short ribs and Mascarpone  polenta. The portion was ridiculously small and left me hungry. I had 4 mouthfulls and my plate was empty :(  On the other hand The food tasted sublime.  Ive been to Newton a couple of times before, and  their menu had more choices. This time there was only one page , I didn't really have much to choose from. The service was not the best , the waitress forgot to bring our bread and when I asked for it I was solid cold! No water. We had to ask numerous times.I would definitely go again during the summer  but only for drinks on their terrasse.1 appetizer salad,1 plate of beef short ribs,1 Angus Beef Strip Loin 12.oz , 2 drinks  = 108.00$Conclusion: the drinks were good but ill pass on the food. Paying this much and still hungry after is  NO BUENO!
3	The place is really nice and trendy looking. Unfortunately, we weren't able to go to the terrasse because it was raining like crazy. The service started out very well right up until it started becoming very buzy (there were a few party tables here and there). The waiter took forever to serve us our after-meal coffee and afterwards our bill. The food on the other hand was delicious! For appetizers, my BF had the salad and I had the salmon tartar. The presentation and perfect mixture of flavors was amazing. We then had the cod dish and the chicken with mushroom sauce and mashed potatoes. The cod was perfectly cooked, the chicken was slightly dry to my liking, but the mashed potatoes was so smooth and butterliscious =P We ended the meal with a dark chocolate tart and a "special" fruit salad. Mind you, there is nothing special about the fruit salad other than its presentation (served in a small Mason jar on a wooden platter). The chocolate tart was good though. Regarding pricing, pretty reasonable for some good tasting food, but not if you're looking to stuff your face out. Also, 10$ for a tiny piece of tart and 10$ for a tiny fruit salad? Really?
1	WOW! I'm in shock with how bad our experience was here. Myself and 14 other girls came for a Bachelorette and I cannot stress how bad this place is. It took 25 mins to get water, up to one hour to get our drinks and our entrees were completely over cooked or missing components. The managers were totally indifferent even though 6 girls quietly complained about our experience. I feel bad because the waiter seemed like a nice guy but seriously, go to The Keg next time. I'm a total foodie and love going out to great restaurants but this was beyond ridiculous!
5	***Montreal Burger Week*** Since it was my last night off of the week I decided to take advantage and get at least one contender for the Montreal Burger Week under my belt so that I wouldn't have missed the whole thing like last year. Newtown was near to my destination and I had about an hour to kill so when I saw the instagrammed photo I just had to try it. Burger, toasted bun, cheddar cheese, fried egg, onions, chipotle mayo, and a nice big patty. Not just any patty, a patty that consisted of pulled pork surrounded by angus beef and then wrapped in bacon. Gluttony for punishment? Don't mind if I do! I'm glad I took a salad as my side or else I probably would have gotten heart palpitations, but it also gave the kitchen a chance to let me taste their wonderfully balanced yet tangy salad dressing. Yum. The only thing I would have added would have been to top it with quick-fried onions or caramelized onions instead but even with the regular onions the burger was top notch. so... full... but... want... another...
2	This restaurant looks nice. But that's just about it. The service is superbly slow, the prices are high for what is ostensibly sub par preparation of the menu items, which are quite limited (though they receive one star for plating presentation). The servers seem to try, but there are clearly the organizational issues which clearly mitigate them from performing as well as this place touts itself to be. Looks can be deceiving, and this place is a prime example of that.
4	We've only been here twice (this year and last) for the Montreal restaurant week and have been very impressed both times. I guess we must be "bar-food" people because the burgers/fries/desserts here really hit the spot. I agree with some other reviewers that the service can feel slow -- but I want to clarify that food is not slow to come out, and the service staff are very attentive. Rather, I think there is less pressure put on patrons to "eat and leave" -- so people accustomed to waiting less than five or ten minutes between finishing food and getting the check might find it too relaxed. Prices are not bad considering the level of service and ambiance you get from here. Sure you can spend $5 less for a burger across the street, but why would you want to? For what it's worth, we were here mid-week for dinner and had no problems getting seated or served quickly. We've never been here late-night on the weekend so I can't comment to service on a bustling night.
