5	This is the best hole-in-the-wall Mexican establishment I have found in Arizona. With Mexican food I generally believe that there is an inverse relationship between taste and price, Bisteces is an excellent example of this phenomenon. Bisteces serves yummy authentic Mexican food in a cute environment with hand painted walls. I will also say that the bathroom is one of the cleanest public restrooms I have visited. Although probably not worth a long drive, I will definitely return to Bisteces.
4	I went here tonight for dinner (take-out), and it was pretty tasty. The rice is yummy, the beans were good. I got the #7 which was bisteces steak & onions - it was good, but next time I would probably try the chicken enchiladas, because those look awesome.I also got a super fresh, super delicious horchata. And the man who took my order (I'm pretty sure it's the owner) topped it off. (That's awesome!)The place was VERY clean, quite a few booths available, had a TV. Anyway, I loved it and I'll be going back again for sure.
5	A few bucks more than your fast food Mexican chain restaurants, but well worth the price. Right next to my office and has quickly become a favorite. I get the machaca (shredded) beef burritos or tacos, and it is always so hot I have to wait a few minutes to eat it. A+ Headed there now!
4	Best Mexican food I've had in a while. I just wish their tortas were bigger.
5	i think this place closed down and became a cuban restaurant.. i want to write a review for that place..  well, quick review.. it is good =)
5	This review is for the CUBAN FOODS bakery/restaurant, not the Mexican one formerly at this location. Ana and Manuel, the owners, took the time to introduce themselves and make sure that each of the 10 members in our group got great suggestions and had a very fine and delicious Cuban lunch. Highly recommended (I'm a former reviewer from Chicago). Nice variety, informal but attentive service from staff, everything prepared very well. I wish I lived much closer.
3	Man, this is a tough review to write.  The food was great, but the service...ugh...we were there for almost two hours.  It was a full 40 minutes to get appetizers, an hour until we got food.  It was clear they were short-handed that day, but it was Saturday at lunch, the place is small.  How about planning?  Very disorganized service too, forgetting things and getting some wrong.  Everyone was friendly, just short-handed and disorganized.I'll go again, as it's the only place I've found in the valley closer to me than Ahwatukee that serves honest and authentic Cuban food (being Cuban myself, I've had a sample or two of what it should be).  I'd recommend trying it.  Just plan to spend a lot of time there.
4	It's a shame this great tiny Cuban Place didn't remove the former Mexican Restaurant's sign with the name Bisteces. Also the old Mexican Food Bisteces Sign is still on one side of the shopping center too so if your looking for this place the Bisteces sign might still be up. This very casual place is very tiny and only has 5 or 6 tables.We started with the Papa Rellenas (fried mashed potatoes with a tangy seasoned beef center) I didn't know that they would be so large and the size of grapefruits since they were only $3.45 and they gave us two of them. This variation wasn't breaded and seemed lighter than others. The beef inside was very flavorful but not hot with spice.I had the Pollo de la Plancha that is basically pounded chicken breast seasoned with lime  garlic and onions. The plate didn't look very attractive but the chicken was moist and very flavorful. They gave me an extra generous portion of rice with it and the plate was garnished with a light salad. ($6.99)My companion had the Ropa Vieja. The beef was very flavorful but not hot with spice.  He found some bay leaves in his Rice and Beans. We've seen at some other Cuban Restaurants that when you find a bay leaf in your Rice and Beans it's like a prize and you get a free drink. I doubt they do that here as I didn't ask but it might be a fun thing to know. ($7.99)The only thing I didn't like was if you need a restroom you have to walk threw a work area.Someone from Yelp needs to remove the Mexican food reviews from Bisteces from this place. I think the food from here will appeal to most people.
4	This is a fantastic restaurant located in the strip mall on the Northeast corner of 43rd Ave & Peoria.  The sign out front still reads "Bisteces" but there is also a sign featuring Cuba.  If you see either, you're in the right place.I popped in around 11am and had my pick of any table in the house.  Be warned it is very small.  Drop in around dinner time and you may have to wait.  If so, it will be worth it.The menu had a lot of options from sandwiches to meals.  After reading over the entire menu I opted for the Cuban sandwich.  I've heard many great things about the Cuban sandwich but had never had the luxury of eating one.  Elected for a side of seasoned rice & black beans as well.  The sandwich has huge.  The grilled bread was stuffed with ham, shredded pork, mustard and pickle.  While stuffed on sandwich and rice I managed to save a little room for a guava tart.  They had a few desert options in the case and this one looked the most enticing to me.  It was a worthy selection and completed the meal perfectly. Cuban Foods also offers a variety of Cuban soft drinks as well as American restaurant standards.  I walked away with a can of sugared water called Ironbeer.  It had a unique flavor that I cannot describe but the can boasts it includes "island spice".  It was not something I would drink on a regular basis but worth checking out for something new.  Cuban Foods Bakery & Restaurant is a great dining option.  It's even worth the drive if a bit of a long haul.  Definitely give this place a shot.
4	Grabbed some take out on a Sunday night. The pollo de la plancha was very flavorful, but a bit dry. Loved the lechon asado. Both entrees had a perfectly dressed, small side salad and also came with rice. We had the papa rellenas, which had a nice thin crust covering smooth mashed potatoes around seasoned ground beef. They were delicious, especially after sprinkling on some tapatio. Can't wait to go back and try some more!
4	Very tasty, unassuming little restaurant serving delicious Cuban fare. f you are craving a Cuban sandwich, trust me on the fact that one order will be plenty for two. We also split an order of Carne Rellena, which are essentially two enormous potato balls (minus the hair ah ah!) filled with ground beef...My friend and I were both stunned at the sight of the gigantic appetizer...We ended up splitting a half as we did not want it to spoil our appetite for the tasty Cubano paninis......Last but not least, make sure you try one of the delightful postres and in this case we had flan...All that food for fifteen bucks...so glad we split a Cuan sandwiich as sincerely one order s plentiful for two. Glad to have stumbled upon this place - just really surprised that they were not busier at lunchtime on a Friday.According to the menu, the restaurant also serves breakfast.Wishing you much success!
5	I have been looking for a Cuban Sandwich for a long time. I Googled Cuban Restaurants  I came across this place. I decided to try it. Pulled in the parking lot and thought it was another hole in the wall Mexican joint. Walked in and it is very very small inside. Nicely decorated. The ladies behind the counter and her cook are very nice and polite not to mention very good looking. I finally got to have my Cuban Sandwich. It was fantastic and big. I was only able to eat half of it.  I will definitely be going back there again not cuz of the ladies but cuz of their food. I I would like to explore more into Cuban Food and this is where I will be doing my exploring until I find another Cuban Bakery. Do stop in and give it a try.
5	This is one of those little gems waiting to be diacovered, after visiting it a few times this is now my favorite restaurant in phoenix . I am from Puerto Rico and it is hard  to get good  Caribbean food in phoenix, therefore I fell in love with this place after coming here (by way of yelp). The food in Bisteces feels authentic with the right seasoning and preparation. I have tried other places around the area and they are descent but nothing compares to this.I would recommend trying the bistec uruguayo, it is very tasty.
4	The place is not called "Bisteces" any longer. It is "Cuban Foods and Bakery". Food and service was excellent. Plan to come back soon.
5	It would be easy to miss this place as it's tucked away in an unassuming location, but the food and service are more than enough to leave their mark and leave you wanting more. Every time I come I have a great experience and the fare is very kind to the wallet. I love coming here.
4	Incredible Flan..if you know Cuban food it won't be hard to navigate the menu. If you don't.. share a Cuban sandwich with a friend. Watch the other tables to see what others are asking for. Especially the small plates.. when you see one you like, give it a try. After, a good conversation with your friend order a coffee and desert. Maybe, Cafe cubano and Flan.This restaurant is more Homestyle then Taxi stand. it represents everything a Cuban restaurant should. Sharing a good conversation and some good food.Did I mention they have really good Flan?it tastes sweet where it's supposed to and doesn't where it's not...worth a try
5	What a pleasant surprise this was. A good combination; good service, good price, good food. We had a Cuban restaurant in California we used to go to and get the wonderful sandwiches, deserts, and sides. The Cuban Foods Bakery is like finding it right down the street. I had the Cuban Sandwich and sides of banana, sweet and salty. I also ordered a sampler of deserts to take home. If you are looking for something a little different for lunch or dinner, try this place. This place is a winner!
4	If the courses are as good as the desserts they're getting five stars  next time.The owner was very patient to go over the menu to us who had never tried this particular cuisine.My wife has the sweet tooth and she loved the tartelets and bought several cakes to go.  Ciel looked particularly intriguing to her.  We have yet to try it along with the Flan.It's tucked away and we discovered it by chance.  The name had us thinking it was another ranchero market but it's nothing like one.  It is inconspicuously hidden in a little corner with not much space at all.
5	Que Rico! Brush up on your spanish, because the real Cuban foodies know where to come! This little hole in the wall Cuban restaurant is seriously as authentic as it gets.  I grew up in Puerto Rico, and  I'm telling you, this food is like no other.  Don't try to compare it to the likes of Havana Cafe in Phoenix . This super casual, obscure 5 or 6 table Cuban Cafe and Bakery, is tucked away in a strip mall.   Please believe me, they serve THE best tostones, croquetas de jamon, pan con bistec, ropa vieja, empanada de carne and crazy delicious flan. I'm sure everything else is tasty too, but I get stuck on my faves. This probably doesn't mean a lot to some, but they serve coca cola in tall glass bottles. This is the way the serve it in Mexico, Puerto Rico and Cuba. It just tastes so much better and it goes great with a cubano (cuban sandwich). There is usually one girl serving the tables, and working the bakery, the owner and one or two other people in the kitchen...so service isn't what you would expect at a 5 star restaurant, but it is what you would expect at a Cuban neighbors or friends house, and that is exactly what you get.  And if you venture into this cafe a few times, the people working there will remember you and you will automatically feel like family.  Prices are great, portions are good and the food is excellent!Buen Provecho!
4	I stopped in and had dinner here. I had the bistec empanizado (breaded skirt steak) with black beans and rice it was excellent. My beans and rice were room temp that's why I gave them a 4. But their papa rellena as an appetizer a good portion and had a well balanced flavor. I was too full for deseret "senorita" so I took it to go. Overall an awesome experience.  Next time I will try the Ropa Vieja.
5	Cuban Foods catered my sons birthday.  Seriously the most amazing Cuban restaurant in Phoenix, AZ.   They made the birthday cake, tres leches with guava filling, probably the first time we didn't have left over cake.Can't be compared to Havana Cafe, which in my opinion is overly priced.  Want the real stuff come to this place instead.  You won't be disappointed. THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!!
4	I am originally from Miami, and one of the things I miss most is the Cuban food.  I've finally found a restaurant with the authentic flavors I remember so fondly.  This was our first time here, and I know it won't be our last.We shared the papa relleno appetizer, which was delicious!  I had the ropa vieja with congri and sweet plantains.  Everything was wonderful!!!  My hubby had the Cuban sandwich.  He really liked the sandwich, but said the bread was too hard and crumbly.I was also a bit disappointed that they had run out of the ham croquetas...one of my all-time favorites.Other than that, this place makes me so happy!  I can't wait to head back for some more!!
4	This place is definitely authentic Cuban cuisine.  We ordered the Cuban sandwich and tostones (fried green plantains).  The food was delicious!  As another reviewer stated, the bread was a bit crumbly.  I grew up in Florida, so I have had plenty of Cuban sandwiches in my lifetime, so I know that the bread is supposed to be somewhat crumbly, but it was a little over the top.  Also, it was a to go order, and it took about 30 minutes for us to get our food.  Slow, but worth it in my opinion.  Next time we will just call ahead.  My husband made a comment about the cashier/waitress's personality (or lack thereof), but I didn't really notice anything.  She was really busy though, being the only one who was taking orders, cashing out customers, bringing out the food and cleaning the tables.  I would be miserable too, poor girl!  Anyway, the crumbly bread and slow service are what made me take away a star.  However, we will definitely be back.  It's hard to find Caribbean cuisine in the valley, especially as good as this!
4	I cannot explain the pastry here.  The guava pastry is insane.   That with a side of black beans, and varied plantains, I'm in love.  I'm a vegetarian, so there were not many options for me.  I would have loves a veggie type version of the empenadas , but the food was great anyway!  I plan on returning in the morning to see the full selections.
5	If you really want to taste the real cuban food you have to try this place. Treat is the best, the owners are exceptional, born and raise cubans. Breakfast lunch or dinner always at your service, fast and tasty food!
5	Really fantastic food, and so so cheap. It's very small, and the ambiance isn't much to talk about, however the foods and service make up for it.
5	I was weary about ordering the pork based on some other reviews. But it was juicy and tender. The seasoned onions were a great addition. Do not pass up the opportunity to try the rice with black beans.
4	In the search for the perfect Cuban sandwich my travels took me several miles and many lights up across Phoenix to locate this little gem in a strip mall. The staff sure seems to know what they are doing and the clientele  is looking (at least some of them) right out of Havana. The Cuban was the best in a while, with just the right amount of crunch. Could have been a bit meatier, possible a little more zing in the sauce, but all in all a good sandwich and pleasant service. A true pressed Cuban and a couple empanadas and I was off to the races, Next stop Who Knows, As I race across the south west looking, looking , looking for the  perfect Cubano.
5	Unpretentious, inexpensive, authentic and a trip to hometown down flavor-town-road  waiting to happen.  Born in Puerto Rico and a traveler by choice, I'm always searching for that special gem hidden amongst all the noise other have to make.  Cuban Foods is by far the best cuban restaurant in the valley.  The menu is simple while including all the treats one expects for an establishment of its kind.  "El Congri", "los tostones", ""el pernil asado", sandwich "cubano", "la media noche", "el flan", are a few of the delicious item that will entice your taste buds.  All they are missing is the sound of the Caribbean waves breaking against "El Malecon", the smell of the ocean in the air and the palms trees, as if dancing, swaying at the rhythm of the sea winds.  Oh yes, the staff can accommodate our spanish challenged brothers and sister without missing a beat.  Do not be afraid and take this free trip to Havana, any time.
5	Fabulous!  Just what we were looking for. The roast pork is amazing. My son had a huge cuban sandwich and hubby had the chicken cordon Bleu which were excellent as well.
5	MNy firends and I decided to try this place for lunch. When we walked in it was pretty empty, but we were determined to cuban food for lunch. I ordered the battered fish stuffed with shrimp, beans w/ rice and plantain... It was really good! And the crowd poured in as we ate. Long story short, this little gem is a great find! The staff is friendly, the food is good and restaurant is clean.
4	Muy Rica! The food brings back memories of Little Havana from our trip in 2013.The HUGE Cubano is easily enough for 2 people. Syaked on crust bread with of course traditional pork , cheese and taa daw pickle this sandwich is the  real deal.  We were more than please with our food. Extra bonus is the generous pieces of postres , desserts such as flan , tres gracias cake, eclairs and more. We shared and were satisfied with the rich but not fake tasting flan and tres gracias cake. I look forward to going back. My one wish is  that they would put in a soda fountain instead of cans but I can deal,  no problema.
5	Oh my belly....I'm never going to stop eating pork. Never! The lechon asado (roast pork) is amazing! I even ate the onions and so did my sister! Don't forget the black beans. I couldn't stop eating!! I really need to forget about this restaurant before I become plus size ( not that there's anything wrong with that but my knees will hate me). Back to the pork: you are served more than four ounces but I'm sure you won't mind once your taste buds are introduced to the great flavor. What's that delectable seasoning on it Mr. Chef??? Next time sis and I will sneak into the kitchen to watch the process moo ha ha! Oh yeah-- the guava con leche drink-- get it! I'm glad I don't have to return to Tampa for good Cuban food!
1	This Cuban was very disappointed! Lots of negatives, no table settings,no water provided, took 15 min for maltas to be brought and we had to ask for them,the server very young and clueless, the Cuban sandwich a big disappointment,bread hard and flat,drye. No Cuban music playing or coming from the kitchen??? The empanadas dry and chewy.......NVER AGAIN . Do not recommend. Fly to Miami,go to Versailles or Cali to PORTOS
5	Amaze-Balls! We've searched the valley for aunthentic Cuban and little is to be found.  The hole in the wall joints tend to be the best and this is no exception.  Totally unassuming  but the food speaks volumes! Cuban Wife was even happy to find a rare dessert - Guayava pastry.  This place surpasses all of the Cuban food benchmarks... Moros - Delicious! Ropa Vieja - Yummy! Croquetas Sandwich - Mmmm. Yuca Frita and Maduro - Stop Ya Killin Me!!!  We wobbled out with happy full bellies :)
4	This place is delicious! I had the Cuban Bread Bisteca sandwich. It came with fries. It was very good. The breakfast's look great here. I would go back.
5	Skip the crappy fast food chains and come here to get the Cuban sandwich with fries. It's amazing and worth way more than the 8 bucks it costs. The hubby and I order it with extra pickles because, why not? It's big enough to share but we still order two and have leftovers. Someday I may try something else on the menu but it will be hard to pass up the the Cuban.
