5	Simply the best!! The best subs I have had are firehouse subs! This particular store just opened and has stirred excitement in the community of buckeye! Great location  employees are professional and service was fast and food was off the hook!! I recommend the meatball sub it is by far the best meatball sandwich I have had! Yay for firehouse and the city if Buckeye!!
5	Finally!  Buckeye has another decent place to go eat at!  I feel bad for Subway because these subs are pretty darn awesome.  I've never heard of them before but I believe they are a chain.  Went in not really know what to expect but the employees are really nice.  They greeted us immediately and gave us a quick spiel about their food.  I'm not even much of a sub person but the hubs convinced me to try it and we both had a very enjoyable experience.  We would definitely come back again.  My only complaint was a lot of the sodas were out and seeing as I can't have any caffeine and I really wanted ginger ale, that was sort of a bummer.
3	I am super bummed that this place did not live up to their great commercials. Dang marketing departments.  I am disappointed to also find out that the "high quality" meat they use is sold by wal-mart in their deli. Charlie's pride meat. Not on my top 5 deli meat brand. At least if they run out of anything they can run cross the street to the Wal-mart. HahahaWe spent 34 dollars. It was no better than subway. A little overpriced for a large sub. 8.99. The bread is good. Atmosphere is nice. I called in my order and the gal took her time and was nice and repeated everything without error. Its why they got three stars. Manager was very nice too. I ordered the Italian and it tasted like ham more than any thing. Believe me I know my Italian sub's. :)Don't think I'll go back anytime soon.....
5	Really like the food here.  I'm not even a big sub person but this place is pretty awesome.  Their lattice chips are delicious.  I keep looking for them at the grocery store but can't find it!  It's a little more expensive than other sub places like Subway but the prices are comparable to Quizno's if not slightly cheaper but better subs.
5	Great subs great service!!  Full of meat, nice and clean quick service. Definitely will go back for more.
1	This place was the dirtiest restaurant I have even eaten in!  My wife told me how good firehouse subs were so while going to California she wanted to eat here.  We went in and were greeted fast and no one was in line on a Sunday at dinner time (should have been my first clue!)  We ordered our sandwiches and went to get the fountain drinks.  The floor was filthy and had multiple layers of spills on it.  The counter in the drink area also was dirty and had several old spills and trash on it.  I went to try the drink machine and could see lemons or limes inside the drain and other trash in it.  The drink machine needed a wiping down and it also had spills all over it.  We were able to find a table that didn't need too much wiping down so we could eat.  This place was slow and only had one other table with dine-in customers.  I counted 9 employees working and they were not busy.  I can not believe the management or health department could let this place stay open with it being this dirty. The food was not that good either!
5	Great staff, quick service and a clean facility. Finally a place worth while near buckeye! My best friend and I are so impressed with this firehouse sub location we have become regulars. They care about their food, and their customers! Its also nice to be greeted as soon as you open the door, and it reminds me of the friendly local dinner atmosphere I used to get back on the east coast in small country towns. ( only cleaner ). I look forward to patronizing this establishment hopefully for years to come!
5	Stopped by traveling from Los Angeles to Phoenix.  Great place.  Subs were the best.  The subs were freshly made and served warm.  Prices were very affordable.  The location was super clean everywhere.  I would recommend it highly.  I would definitely come back.
5	This Firehouse sub is a lot better than the Subway.  Everything is so fresh and tasty. Also, there are a lot more meat on the subs compared to the Subway. Once you try the subs here,  I guarantee you that you wouldn't want to go back to the Subway.
