5	I moved here from chicago, and the biggest problem I had was finding a REAL barber whom knew how to cut my hair.  My hair is very thick and wavy so I actually need someone who knows how to do it, back home I had an old italian barber who did a great job.  The first place I went to out here totally butchered my hair with electric clippers, Damnit!  Eventually I heard of this place, which by the way is 45 min from me  since I live north, and I think it is worth the drive.  They have full service there including shaves and they all know what their doing, although I persnally prefer a lady named Charlene.  Shoe does an excellent straight razor cut on me and really takes her time to get it right, but everyone here is great.  I highly recomend this place, especially if you are looking for a quality cut, and especially if you have thick hair like me.  Much the best, and everyone is super friendly!
5	This place I stumbled upon, I was looking for an old school barber shop that still does straight razors and I think I found it.  They have a nice old school feel with a touch of modern in it.  TV's all over to keep you entertained if you have a boring barber which I highly doubt.  I like this place but too bad it's far from where I live.
5	The boys went today (8 & 11 yrs). They did not get their stylists' names, but they both got the best cuts they've ever had. 8 year old has easy hair, thick, dirty blonde with a bit of wave. Even his worst cuts are still not that bad. Today, he looks outstanding. Spot on perfection. 11 year old has dark brown, glossy poker straight hair that pops up at the crown if cut wrong. Poor boy is ALWAYS cut wrong. But not today! Our boy looks his best! Usually the goofed up haircut is the first thing you see. Now you just see our handsome boy!Sorry for the brief, undetailed review. My niece (the boys' big sister) took them today, and is not one for details. She did say that each of the boys' stylists listened to her requests and did exactly what she asked. I sent her there after reading the other reviews on Yelp and couldn't be more pleased. If I get the names, prices, etc, I promise to update my review. Thanks for this one, Yelpers!
3	Well, tried this place over the weekend, and if I had only had a haircut I would have definitely given it five.  The place has an awesome feel of old school & personal most grooming places seem to have lost.  My cut was just as ordered...clean with attention to the "challenges" the curls in my hair provide.  However, I made the mistake of ordering a shave, which was actually the reason I chose to try this place out to begin with.  Unfortunately the shave turned into a vendetta against my face which required the painful addition of alum to a couple of mementos which are still healing...and had to endure an afternoon of anthills on my face which my wife was very happy and willing to mock.  So I will try another barber next time and hope to have better luck with the next shave...this place has potential, but we'll see.
5	Great shop and they open early
5	The ONLY place I will go to from now on to get my hairs cut. I've had Charlene the past couple times I've been and I will now only ask for her. I'm sure the other barbers are great but, if it ain't broke, dont fix it! Men's haircuts are either $16 or $17, can't remember.
5	I love this place! And ladies even though its a barber shop don't be afraid to come here. Especially if you want fabulous layers and/or that awesome Asian hair style (ask for Carol). My aunt, cousins, and I always go to Carol. She always asks us what kind of cut do we want and is always honest if the style we want wont look good for our face shape. I can honestly say that Carol has given me the best layers I've ever had and she cuts it exactly the way I want it. I'm very picky of who cuts my hair and Carol fits all my requirements. It's hard to find someone who knows how to work with Asian hair (like mine) and she knows how to work it! I feel like I get the $80 haircut for a $20 price.For a women's haircut, if you have long hair it's $20 and the shorter your hair is the cheaper it is.This place is clean and has a really cool old school barber shop look, plus everyone is friendly. The only down side to this place is that they don't accept card, but for $20 or less it can't be that hard to find a few dollar bills, right? =) Ask for Carol and tell her Michelle sent you, she'll help you out even more =)
5	This place is set up like an old school barber, with furnishings done in dark greens and mahogany. Carol, my stylist, gave me one of the best haircuts I've ever received. Highly recommend that you sign in with her when you arrive. I'll be back in about four weeks!
5	A traditional men's barber shop.  A great place for men with a full line of services (like a razor shave) that are offered at prices competitive anywhere.   I've been going since 2005 and there has been very little turnover among the core staff.   Appointments are possible but, if you need a cut and do not have an appointment, the wait is usually not very long.  There is a comfortable, relaxing area to read or watch TV.   Bob Leonard has been cuting my hair and yet another reason I keep going back.
5	Great little barber shop
5	Lee (Mr. Bruce Lee) is amazing!  Almost always have been going to Super ___'s  and my hair looked choppy and "like a bowl".   So  I tried here and had him cut my hair  (after reading a review!) and been told "...that's the best hair cut you've had in over   10 years..."   So referred a friend of mine who went yesterday..what a difference!!  nothing but good things to say about this place..sure the other cutters are good..but Lee is great!!!....
4	Very Nice Barber shop. Clean, they seat you immediately, and the barbers are friendly. Also you get a straight razor neck neck and facial trim. It was my first time getting a straight razor trim, and it was pleasant. The only reason I gave it 4/5 stars is maybe if you are getting a trendy Faux Hawk or something you might have to help them out a little. Fades are OK.
1	If you go here, get one of the nice ladies to cut your hair, as they seem to have a recurring client base that love them. Do not, I repeat, DO NOT let the new guy from North Las Vegas cut your hair. Im assuming he is new because he was in the first chair, and he probably drives all the way from NorthTown to Henderson because nowhere out there will let him cut hair anymore. I have an extremely simple haircut. Its short, 3 on the sides, a bit longer on the top, and make sure its just a bit longer in the front than the back. Somehow this kat screwed that up. When he finished trimming the back he put something in my hair so that it looked ok. When I got home and washed my hair, I realized that my head looked completely lopsided. The difference between the fade line on the left and right side of my head was about 2 inches!! It also looked like he completely missed the back right side of my head. My hair is just now getting long enough where I can get this disaster fixed. The only reason I went here is because it was a holiday and my regular place wasn't open. I will definitely not be going back!
5	I love coming here and getting a haircut from Carol. She knows exactly how I like my haircut without me having to go into detail. No elaborate explanation, no complaints, perfect haircut. In and out within 45 minutes. Great haircut for $16 + tip! I love this barber shop!
4	It has become quite difficult to find an old school barber shop that uses straight razors.  I'm an old school kind of guy.  It's a haircut, not a spa day.  I don't need my hair massaged and shampoo'd or any of that junk.Village Barber does a good job.  I've had 3 different people and all have been fine.  An older gentleman, a man in his forties, and an Asian woman.Rating a barbershop can be kind of hard as everyone who walks in the door has different needs.  But yeah, no problems with this place at all.  The price is reasonable.  The only downside I can think of is that they don't take debit or credit cards.
5	The Village Barber Shop is one of the best finds I've made in Vegas since I moved here, and I thank Yelp for helping me find it. I've had some bad hair cutting experiences since moving here and I decided I'd had enough. I turned to Yelp to help me find a new place to go and came across Village Barber Shop so I decided to give them a try. I arrived kinda late on a Sunday evening and found they had a few people ahead of me. I  expected a long wait but I ended up not having to wait very long. Once I sat down in the chair and Tim started in....I knew I had made the right choice. First of all his blades were sharp. Unlike my last place that had dull blades that pulled my hair  Tim's blades were sharp and that man knows how to use them. You don't just see it, you feel it when he's doing what he does. But after the haircut came the unexpected...a very skilled hand working a straight blade razor to trim me up. I can't do this part justice in words, it is something that has to be experienced and enjoyed. This man knows what he's doing, and you can just feel the difference. The last time I trusted any barber with a straight edged razor was over 27 years ago...I thought straight edged practitioners had gone away...but I am glad to report they are indeed alive and well and ready to give you a cut and a trim that is truly an experience. The ultimate measure of quality is the feedback when I got home...she loved it, my family said it's the best I've looked in a long time...in short this was what I've been looking for when it comes to haircuts. 5 Stars, and a promise to return over and over again. Oh hell yes, if you're on the fence about going, GO! (Cash only but even this debit card fanboy will gladly go get some cash for this experience!) (While I'm bumping him to my Best of Las Vegas list..I have a hunch when I go back for the full shave and haircut experience that an addition to the Mythical 6th Star list is coming!)
1	Mark has stated in the comments that he both tried to fix my hair and give me my money back. Both are true, but I would not allow either. If you go here, and he jacks your fade up, he will offer to both fix and/or refund your money. But its kind of like being dropped off by a cab downtown. When you hop out of that cab, the cabbie runs you over. Do you want him to throw it in reverse and backup or just leave it as it is? And when its over, are you really worried about the $19.95 that you paid to get there in the first place? Probably not.Read his comment one more time ... according to him, I apparently have a "corner" on my round head. That might mean you have one too! Enough said.
5	after much frustration with my last commie barber i went on the hunt for a new barber  today and ended up here. great decision!! got lucky and walked in and was seated. some barbers take all day and they still suck, not this guy. its nice to have someone take pride in there work, tim is definitely my new barber.
5	Tim Mendell does a terrific job.  Great Guy.  Glad I found this place.
1	Do not ask Tim for a Faux Hawk .... worst haircut ever! I went to another barber shop to get it fixed. Tim needs to learn how to do certain cuts not just want to get customers in and out! After my comment Tim is sending messages in the form of compliments saying im a Korean like his co-workers and that im together with someone named Kevin P.  You have a lot of class Tim.
5	I've been in Vegas for 7 years and finally found a great barber shop.  Charlene does a great job every time.
5	If you need an awesome and badass fade, Jerry is your guy. I stumbled into this place by accident but glad I did. He's a true professional and take pride into his work. i've had good and bad fades, but he's is the very best!!! since i get my haircut every week, i'll be seeing him now often. Very friendly and classy and now i'm a customer for life. Jerry's my barber now in las vegas. i highly recommended him!!! you the man jerry!
5	The first time I went to this place I felt a sense of comfort. The staff is very friendly and outgoing. I just so happened to meet a unique individual named Jerry. Before Jerry, I had just gone to a place  just to get a haircut. Jerry actually changd my mindset on having a barber for yourself. A person who knows not only your hair but you as an individual. I highly recommend checking this place out and if you are a person looking for someone who has a passion for leaving his mark and giving you a 100 % I suggest Jerry or any of the barbers that are there.
2	Was not impressed. I just moved here and this was the first place I tried. The taper around my ears was crooked. A straight razor was used to clean up my neck, but I could feel spots that were missed at home. He gave me a second mirror to check the back of my hair. I asked him to blend the back a little higher so the style would last longer before looking unkempt. His reply was to run a comb through it and try and convince me it wouldn't. Overall the cut wasn't terrible and the guy was friendly. I am looking for a barber with more care and precision, so I won't be returning to this establishment anytime soon.
5	They always do a good job.  Even when it is very busy, I haven't waited more than 20 minutes.  Plus, the hours are great; I love going early in the morning when there is no one out . . . :)Note that I only go there 1-2 times a year, and I have been there maybe 4-5 times total (as I don't actually live in Vegas), which may not be a representative experience.
5	Great place!! If you are looking for a great traditional barber this is the place to go in Vegas!
5	I just moved to Vegas and one of my top priorities was to find a place for my haircuts. I found Village Barbershop through yelp and I'm so glad I did. The shop itself has a really nice design to it. has an oldschool gentleman feel to it. Lots of dark wood everywhere and dark hardwood floors. There are usually 3-4 barbers on hand every time I've gone, which is 3 times now. The first time I went, I randomly chose Carol and have made her my regular ever since. I have straight thick asian hair and she handles it very well. On the sides I get a 0 on the bottom that fades into .5 and up top I keep it finger length so I can spike it to the side. Looks professional for my job and looks good in general in my opinion. Lines are always straight and never any loose long hairs. Carol really takes her time and puts detail into her work. My cut usually takes 30 minutes which tells you how much attention she puts into it. The best part about the hair cut is the warm shaving cream and straight razor edge up that you get at the end. No feeling like a straight razor slicing up the loose hairs at the back of your neck. To top it off, there's a warm wet towel neck massage to clean the left over shaving cream off at the end. The men's cut is $16 so I just give a $20 bill everytime. Well worth the money. I highly recommend this barbershop.
5	So professional and courteous here. Tim is the best ! My son won't go anywhere else !
5	Charlene: Excellent service, low wait time, efficiently speedy cut! If you need a quick, great cut, ask for Charlene. Straight razor on the ears and neck, perfect cut and advice. I will be going back!
5	Friendly staff , clean shop ! I would come back too get a second haircut ! Btw "TIM" is the man ! Give me clean fade
2	I wanted to give them a try, because I was in the area.  First I felt that the service was nice.  They seem like good people.  But I was getting a simple crew cut, and they screwed it up.  Further, I couldn't tell it wasn't what I wanted because the lady put gel in my hair without asking before I could check the length.  I was fast and smooth, but I would not recommend them just because it seems that the quality is inconsistent.
2	Excellent service. I usually don't go to this different barber shops unless if I am in the rush. I was trying this location out after reading bunch of reviews, but sadly the excellent customer service isn't followed with quality work. I wanted to get a fade around my head, but the lady only cut it down to size 2 and she manage to put a small cut on my forehead when she was cutting my bangs. Imagine walking in to a meeting next day with a small bandaid right on your forehead. Go to Great Clips on Eastern and Horizon Ridge. Ask for Judy, best barber ever.
5	Love this place. The folks who run the chairs know how to provide a good cut. My Barber is Bruce Lee, and he does great work. Highly recommend him. This place is great. I can elaborate about the leather chairs, good magazine selection, and warm feel, but ill leave that to the reader to check out. Located in the smiths shopping center off Horizon Ridge and eastern. Go check it out!
5	I was just wondering if the girls who work there, can do pixie cuts? Im looking for a good hair designer who can do a great pixie cut, and still make me look like a girl.  Thank you!
5	I've been going here every month to get a trim from Carol and she's the best! She automatically knows what I want when I come in. Shop is clean, staff is friendly, and customer service is on point.
5	The only barber shop I will go to in Las Vegas! Always great service and a great cut. I'm very particular but I'm always satisfied when leaving here. I do ask for much detail when it comes to the style and length of my 'pompadour' cut. These guys always deliver. Jerry or Tim will do a great job. The atmosphere is relaxed, high end and they got me hooked on my now favorite hair product. I get compliments daily and am always recommending this shop to others. So glad I found this place.
5	Finding a good barber is like getting to eat the last slice of pizza. You feel special and emotionally whole. Well that's how it feels for me! Case in point, The Village Barber Shop is a gem in the Henderson area. I walked in and was immediately greeted with a smile and a comfy chair. Jerry (the owner) sat me down and went to work. I gave him a brief description of how I like my fade and he instantly knew what I was looking for. Perfect fade, cleaned up on top, and I even got my eyebrows trimmed. Thank goodness, I was starting to look like Doc Brown from "Back to the Future". Just when I thought the amazing experience was all over, Jerry informed me that he was going to clean up neck using a straight razor and some warmed up shave foam. "That'll be $16", he says. Damn, I love this place! I threw him a twenty and strutted out the door. This barber shop is geared more towards men, but I heard a rumor that they might setup a cut and color area in the back for the ladies. If you go to Village Barber Shop ask for Jerry when you get there, but if he's busy I'm sure one of the other barbers can take care of you.
5	Jerry and his crew cut it proper. Great conversation and recommendations! I highly recommend this place.. Get down here!
5	$16 haircuts!!In doing my rounds to find the perfect barber for me in Henderson/LV I decided to give this place a go. I called first to inquire about the need for an appointment. They advised that they take walk ins and they were open at the moment.I was there in a half hour and there were about 3 people in line by the time but it only took them 10 minutes to get me in a chair.  I had a sweet hip looking Asian woman named Carol. She listened to what I wanted and excelled at short hair. What I really liked about this space is that it felt neutral.  All kinds of people were there to get all kinds of haircuts and it didn't feel intimidating.  I recently was going to a downtown barber shop (to remain nameless) and stopped because the atmosphere sucked.  It seemed hip but then one day they just started playing some really disturbing music that just wasn't fitting for a public space (racial slurs). Go here for a great cut at an amazing price.  P.s. You should tip well cause it's so cheap!
5	Quick, accurate and affordable. Excellent choice. That do not accept credit cards, though.
5	Went in today for a haircut. The place is great. Got a old school feel to it. The owner Tim cut my hair; i been bedfore and got to say the both did a fantastic job. Lot better then the hack job i got at fantastic sams. The best place for a haircut. They even trim u really nice with a straight razor. Im telling u I walked out of there feeling like a new man. Thanks Tim u and the crew do an amazing job. Keep it up!
1	I've been to this business on two occasions, both times for an old fashioned barber shave.   The first time, about a year ago, I waited over an hour and then was passed from barber to barber until I was assigned to very inexperienced barber for what was at the very best c- level shave, clumsy, unsure and patchwork.   Yesterday I called up early in the morning and asked if there would be any trouble stopping by for a quick shave.  I was told, absolutely no trouble,  come on by!  GREAT, I came right down and put my name on the list.      When my turn came up, I approached the available barber.  He informed me that he had an appointment, but that Tim would do me.   I approached Tim who told me that he had an appointment which had not arrived yet.  .    Okey Dokey, appointments happen.  Another barber shouted out, I'll take him when I'm done here.  So I waited 20 minutes until he was done.   When he was done I approached him.  At that point, he asked another barber,  who had been available for 15 or so minutes, "Hey you wanna take this guy???"   Why the heck had I been waiting??? If he had  no intention of shaving me, why did he volunteer?        I was done and said at a conversational level, "I'm out of here."     After i announced that he said,  "Alright, I'll take you."    Thanks for all of a sudden volunterring....again but, t I don't want someone with a straight razor at my neck who isn't happy about being there.  It was off to the ART OF SHAVING for me for a great shave.        I'm an out of towner and the place has the vibe of a real local's place.  Perhaps if you show up often they develop a rapport and treat you well.   Such has not been my experience.
5	Village Barber Shop will always be my go-to place when I need a good military standard cut. The shop contains great workers who have a passion for delivering the best haircut. I normally go to Nellis Air Force Base for my trim ($11.70), but their workers just don't seem to have the licensing or experience to match my standards. After weeks of going to base to get my cut, I realize that I need to go back to this shop and have Carol fix my hair :-)My barber, name Carol, is well-trained and she never fails to give me a bad cut. I love how she knows her regulars by name and checks up on them in terms of their well-being. She and her co-workers beside her know what they are doing so you'll be in good hands. P.S when you enter the store be sure to go to the podium just right when you walk in and sign-in. Signing in consists of your name and who you want to cut your hair (you can leave that blank if you're unsure (-; ) It will also help the barbers in terms of First Come, First Serve when it gets a little busy.
1	I wanted a Mohawk Combover Fade and I got some garbage skunk tail on the back of my head.  I was so upset I left and went to great clips to repair the irreversible damages.  I even showed a video of what I wanted- I don't understand how much more clear It could have been. I'd give this place a 0 if I could.  My hair is now decent after my 2nd haircut today, but the cuts from their razors on the back of my neck is another story.  I sure hope that blade was sterile.   If you want a traditional old fashioned haircut, I guess this is the place to go.  Not for me.  I also asked for advise from the 1st barber I approached to recommend the individual who could do such a cut, and he obviously steered me wrong.  Not everyone in there is as great as he made it out to be.  Absolutely a horrible haircut, my neck burns, waste of time and money.  Absolute garbage.
3	Been coming here for the last two years. Hit or miss on who you get and even inconsistent with same barbers. Had great cuts and have had ok cuts. What bothered me recently was my last time i went with the korean lady who was saying she was so so busy already, tired, and it wasn't even noon and that she was starving hungry. I got a 10 minute at most cut and kind of felt rushed and jipped.  Hope to find other nearby barbers.  Not sure if i will come back.
5	Tim Mendell did a very great job on my boyfriends haircut. We came all the way from Los Angeles on a mini getaway and he forgot to get a haircut so we decided to stop by since it's only 15 min away from the strip and on the way. He took his time with the haircut and even made him look really good I highly recommend it and it's a bargain for the price!! Definitely will be back here again.
5	Great place. I've never been to a legit barbershop before so I was confused with couple of things. Carol, my barber, gave me gentle instructions on what she's doing to my hair and how long I would be.Carol was a super nice lady and she gave me the best haircut of my life. It only took around 7-8 min and there was absolutely no problem with my hair. Love this place, and next time I'm in Vegas I'm coming back to this place without a doubt.FYI, for fellow Koreans, she's Korean also. She's a fluent Korean speaker so don't say anything foul in Korean. JK.
3	Tim took care of me today.  Good experience, good hair cut and pleasant environment.
