1	Let me set the record here. Juicy Couture is NOT COUTURE. Its two dumb bimbo girls who thought they were bing cute by making sluttly over-priced jogging suits with juicy embriodered just so on the ass and who acknowledge that they 1) don't really try 2) definitely dont do couture, but make a "joke" out of it (i dont see how it is a joke but whatever) and 3) they are essentially trashbag, dimestore, raggedy-ass hoes.. It is T-R-A-S-H-Y. This applies to all locations and divisions of Juicy. It is an abonination to the Fashion World.by the way velor is disgusting... f.y.i.
2	I liked the original terry track suits, but those are like, so 5 years ago.  Besides, the girls sold out (and who can blame them) to Liz Claiborn or some other mass producer.  These clothes are probably made in China now.  No thanks.
4	Juicy!Also a newer addition to fashion square. Fun and cute shop to browse, but I don't know if I would spend over a hundred dollars for a towel fabric jump suit! Well actually I know I wouldn't. The word couture really doesn't come to mind when you look at their designs...more like California girl. Cute girly girl designs and I love their perfume!
4	Yes, I'm guilty.....I love Juicy Couture terry and velour.  I love the plain ones....no logos, no crystals.  I love the J pull on the zipper and the snap pocket pants.  I love when I can find those for 30% off....which is right now. I love that I have a dark purple zip up and pants to wear on my wedding day, while getting ready.  I don't care what anyone else says - they're super comfy and make me feel better about myself when wearing sweats around.   So there!  Oh yes, and the women here are very friendly and helpful!
4	Juicy couture, you are one of my fave stores!  i love how smiley all the girls are, and there right there to help, but not in the annoying way (aka The Buckle).  i love the clothes, watches, and purses. Everything is so cute and stylish. o and don't waste your time at the outlet at San Tan.  Couldn't even find one cute thing there!
5	I always find at least one really great treasure each time I go in here.  And the Sales girl...Mikyla, is the cutest girl EVER!  She's absolutely adorable and helpful and he has the cutest smile!
3	Juicy has the cutest clothes and accessories, the products seem to be decent quality for being made in China but their customer service is not the greatest.  I do a lot of online shopping and 9 out of 10 times the items I order aren't even available.  For some reason their website will allow you to add items to your cart and pay for them and then shortly after I will receive an email saying the item isn't available.  They have also cancelled my order before without telling me and by the time I realized my order wasn't coming the items were sold out so I couldn't even reorder them.  Customer service doesn't seem to want to do anything to rectify the issue.  Juicy is definitely one of my favorite stores but they need to make some changes or I will not continue to shop there.
2	Too many tracksuits in the store and not even actual fashion. The staff wasn't very friendly or helpful either (which is rare for a Juicy store). Their selection just seemed overly dowdy.
