1	Horrible, horrible property management company. Don't even know where to begin, but I totally agree with previous reviewer that communication is extremely poor and when I tried to give feedback on this, explaining in a calm way why we were canceling our contract with them, Mario (owner) became extremely defensive and arrogant. They obviously don't give a rats ass about you as a client (property owner) or the renters. They failed to notify us that the renters abandoned the property and left two months early on the lease, the only way I found out was to drive by myself. Then there was a lot of back pedaling when I tried to find out why no one called us the moment they were notified by tenants that they had left, so we could have put utilities back on before pool turned green. They knew about it on Friday and falied to tell us until I contacted them myself almost five days later. Unacceptable. Now our pool is green as power was off several days in summer. Whenever there were problems at the property, such as dryer breaking down, etc, it took a ridiculously long time for them to handle it and communicate. They basically are in it for the $$ they collect, quite easily with the online payments they demand from tenants, and are not the least bit interested in giving good customer service to either the tenant or the property owner. We will be filing a complaint with better business bureau and letting others know, they are just terrible and should not get away with conducting business this way.
1	Horrible property management company for owners and renters!  I was on the renting side.  Moved into a dirty house with many broken items, peeling paint on patio and it always took them at least 2 weeks to get anyone in.  After my landlord fired them for holding my rent payments for 30 days every month, also found out that they overcharged for most items that needed fixed.  Previous renter had contacted me that he was taking them to small claims because they were not returning his security deposit and using his photos of things that were wrong with the house on move-in.  Took him months just to serve Mario Lopez (the broker) and then he didn't even show up for court.  AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
1	THE WORST COMPANY EVER!!!!! Beware of Mario, he is out for himself and could give a da** about anything else. Communication is not in his vocabulary because he does not email, call or return any messages. His assistant Tomi is just as bad, you will never get anywhere with this company. We rented a condo with this so called Scottsdale luxury rentals, so obviously maintenance is included with that. It took them 3 days to get someone to fix our air conditioning in 110 degree weather!!! He scheduled a walk through and forgot to mention that is was canceled, he is such a huge inconvenience. When the bills are due if your not on time they will be on your tail calling and emailing.  They are quick to take payment but to return the deposit was impossible. They will take every penny if you let them, get a lawyer by your side, because you will need one!
