4	I was pretty excited to go to Lure, it was on my to do list for our trip in June but we didn't make it.  Just like Tryst, it did not disappoint.  There are two main parts and an outside area.  Inside the plush couches and tables surround the perimeter of the room while there are areas to dance in the middle and a loooong bar against the wall.  The bartender was fast and made strong drinks, the cocktail waitresses have the cutest outfits and the music was fantastic.  Definitely a great place to go if you want to dance to straight up good hip hop.  There was no line when we went and no cover.  I don't think I would make a night out of Lure....maybe if it was a low-key evening.  It would be a good place to start off the night.
4	Lure is definitely a cutting edge ultra lounge venue. Drinks are average Vegas pricey - ranging from 6-10 dollars a drink. Great atmosphere. The patio area is awesome with a centerpiece of a fire fountain in a bed of crystals. I've been here a couple times for an open bar. The last time was with Patron tequila and Eddie Griffin was there hanging out with his crew. Seats are comfortable. The crowd isn't overly trendy. I can actually hang out there and hold a conversation without having to yell at people.
2	I"m not sure how I should rate this place. We went last night, had bottle service, had a great time. Good music..ect. Then I noticed someone STOLE my camera right off our table. Wynn had me fill out a report, said they were sorry.  I'm so upset, the fact that someone has MY memories just pisses me off.So, watch your stuff in here, You would think being at a lounge at Wynn hotel your stuff would be safe,but it's not.
4	Straight up, i feel real good about spending my party dollars at this place.I enjoy upscale lounging..and this place definitely has it. They seem to always do a good job of keeping the crowd to a manageable level. You can always walk around, get a drink, converse with a young lady around the way. The scene is very chic. Dim lit club but bright enough to know if you are speaking with a hottie or a werewolf. Drinks are pretty stiff..which is appropriate considering you are spending 12 for a Goose and tonic. Hot girls..some of the hottest and most sociable in vegas. Ive been to this place 4 times and have had a good night each time. I highly reccomend itBring your wallet....If you are on some sort of budget, you probably shouldnt be in this place, let alone vegas.
4	This place is the very definition of an Ultra Lounge.The place has enough room to make you feel unenclosed, yet isn't so big that you lose the person you were talking to when you go to get a drink for them.  The bartenders are very easy on the eyes and are also friendly.   This may not seem like anything out of the ordinary, until you visit other lounges.  You'll soon discover that in Vegas, many ultra lounges employ ultra bitches.The only lackluster thing about Lure is the patio area.   It's just an outside area with a fountain....no view.  Disappointing in comparison to the outdoor area at Tryst in the same hotel.Like many clubs and bars in Vegas, Lure closes at 4am.  (That should be plenty of time to get your mack on!!!)
4	It's not the hippest.It's not the craziest.It's not the fanciest.It's perhaps not the coolest.What Lure is, however, is a great place to get together with friends, socialize, meet new people, catch up with old, while lounging around comfortable seating with ample amounts of booze, surrounded by great aura and mood.We opted for bottle service that night with VIP seating, and it was well worth it.  Excellent servers who were friendly, and management was also truly accomodating and courteous.  Cost was no different from other clubs as far as bottles went (though I believe bar drinks were significantly cheaper), but at Lure, you can hear each other talk without much effort, and nothing about the place is pretentious, as some places in Vegas can be.  Music was also good.This isn't a nightclub but by 2 AM, you had no way to tell the difference as people were grindin' and shakin' their booty any which way, everywhere... anywhere... including us.  The ambience is just really conducive to relaxing and drinking - - and drink, you shall... and by 2 am - dance, you shall also....Incidentally - I also had the opportunity to meet up with fellow yelper Warren C here, which was a real pleasure.  He didn't stay long, due to having bigger fish to fry (so to speak) but it was a good time.Bathrooms were nice but for single usage only in the girls' room.  I had cause (or misfortune) to go into the men's bathroom towards the end of the night to rescue a friend that management thought was in dire need of help (haha) and that was nice enough too.  There are lines though, and for other bathroom visits, it was quicker to run out to the casino to  go to the bathroom than to stand in line When in Vegas, and looking for a really cool place at which you can enjoy your friends' company, while meeting new people if you so wish, drinking to your heart's content - then do give Lure a try.  It's a good place, good folks, guaranteed to show you a good time.  I'd go back on any visit without a second thought.
4	I enjoyed Lure. No, it's not as trendy as some of the other places in Vegas but the ambience was nice and the staff was very pleasant.When we first came in they didn't have any tables so we just sat on some couches, but we ordered a bottle and they found us a table soon after.The line for the (one per gender) bathroom is a little annoying, however.
3	You may not be aware of it, but there is a highly endangered species in Las Vegas.  This species once proliferated throughout the area but as the years passed and the Strip grew in size and population, this quiet and unassuming niche animal started to lose space.  As the viable habitats dwindled, this species shrank from a once-common sight to something glimpsed by a rare lucky few.  But you can find a few pockets where this species can still be found, it's abundant numbers gone but not forgotten.  Lure is one of the places where a small grouping of this poor endangered species may still be found.  I speak, of course, of free seats.As an ultra-lounge, Lure is part of the uber-predator species that have hounded free seats to near extinction.  With bottle-service only booths and tables, the clubs and lounges of the Las Vegas Strip may soon destroy the last habitats where parking your tush does not require a high-limit credit card.  But Lure provides a small sanctuary for this shy species on the outdoor patio.  Here, next to a round flame and surrounded by high hedges, is an abundant habitat of free seating that can be secured by those with the willingness to arrive early to claim it.  Lure is a lovely space (something it has in common with the rest of the Wynn property) staffed by friendly and accommodating people who seem happy to have you there.  As a first stop on a long Las Vegas night, this was perfect.  And as a place to see a rare and precious thing, it can't be beat.
5	Hey ya'll, I dropped 40 bones to get in this place and it was worth it--I'm kind of funny lookin' and I usually have to pay much, much more to get my boney ass into places.  So this was a real bargain.As soon as I had my first drink (a Southern Comfort on the rocks, if you must know), it was knocked out of my hand by the force of a hurricane.CHICK FIGHT.I turned around and noticed 3 uber-hotties wrastlin' each other on the floor, calling each other horrible names and basically trying to disembowel each other.That's what I call "Ultra Loungin'."Sure.I left alone.  But I'll have the memory of the bouncer using his little high-beam flashlight to look for a Jimmy Choo stiletto lost in the melee the rest of my life.
2	$475 for a bottle of Tres Generaciones Tequila?!?!?!  That bottle is worth $40.  How fabulous could your table service possibly be that we would pay this much to meet HALF of your 2 bottle per table minimum?  Now, our party of 12 likes to drink.  You could have made beaucoup bucks by just letting us order our individual drinks.  Instead, we ended up dancing to your music for a little bit then moving on to bigger and better things.  You ended up with none of our money (cuz you let us in for free) and lots of empty tables.So the place itself is lovely; very chic and sexy with lots of seating, though only if you are will to pay for their table service.  The music was great, with lots of interesting mash ups, including a mix of sexy back and Michael Jackson.  Then a weird Neil Diamond mix came on with Sweet Caroline, to which everyone sang along, which should give you an idea of the age of the crowd.  Since this is a lounge, there isn't really anywhere to dance, you're sorta dodging chairs and couches all over the place.  It was also very crowded, making it hard to move anywhere.    Weird things about the bathroom: first, the ladies room is a single stall.  So the ladies line is forever long; second, there is a bathroom attendant with a little table right outside the bathroom.  If you tip his jar, you can pick a treat from his little table: a single cigarette, mints, gum, cologne.  Am I the only one who thinks this is odd?  Annoying rules, beautiful people, go at your own risk.  They'll probably let you in free before midnight, so it might make a good quick stop on a dance tour.
3	This was our warm up spot when we first got to Vegas.  It was a'ight.  We got there about 11:30pm-ish and this nice guy gave us tickets to get in.  Which was a smooth move but when we got inside the place wasn't crackin'.  Beautiful decor, hot bartenders (as usual), expensive drinks (to be expected). Me and my girls really enjoyed the outdoor patio area with the fire pit.  We were also diggin' on the waitresses' sparkly dresses.  We are going to start a bead-azzler/sewing group so we can make our own dresses. The DJ was doing fine until she started spinning old school RnB which made me feel like I was at a family reunion.  Oh and I have to subtract a star for the bug-a-boo broad that kept bothering me and my friends.  She wanted us to dance with her ass so bad.  I told her a few times to wait until I caught my buzz so I could bust my sooper sweet moves but she just wouldn't stop.  So... we had to bounce. Lucky for her because she woulda GOT SERVED!!!
1	This lounge has CLOSED.Blush has taken its place.
