3	Nice store... probably the largest Hallmark store I have ever walked into.  I'm used to the ones in the malls that are super tiny and have enough room for you to squeeze by people frantically looking for the card that "says it all" for the occasion.Originally I came here to get a box and bow for a present, but I ended up getting a gift bag instead.  The lady working gave me a ton of suggestions.  I don't know why I was dead-set on a box... I guess I need to be more creative in my gift giving practices.I couldn't really spend too much time here since I was in a rush, but I did enjoy what I saw and the selection.
4	Nothing says you care like a Hallmark, right? Located in the Park Road Shopping Center (one stop shop for everything), this Hallmark is well stocked. From the staple cards to candles or figurines (e.g., Precious Moments, Willow Tree), you will find numerous gifts for any occasion here. The employees are friendly and it seems they have developed quite a loyal customer base. I overheard one of the employees offering to help an older patron out to her car; the courtesy warmed my heart!If you want good service in the gift-giving department, stop by this Hallmark.
4	Located in Park Road Shopping Center, this is a huge Hallmark with a large selection of cards and gifts.  I was kind of in a lunch-time rush to get a Get Well card and get out, but I did take a moment to browse.I found the selection of cards to be quite good.  I am always looking for cards to send to my parents "just because" and sometimes have difficulty finding anything other than Birthday or Sympathy or Romantic Love cards.  I just want to say - HEY, y'all are awesome and I am thinking about you, and they had quite a few that fit the bill, so I stocked up.  Lots of stuffed animals and books for children.  Candles and candies.  Special occasion stuff (it's May, so graduation season is upon us).  Precious Moments and Snow Babies figurines.  Tervis cups/lids.  All kinds of stuff.  I will definitely keep this location in mind the next time I have a card emergency, great store.
4	I was really surprised just how much space and merchandise they had here! I agree with previous reviews, this is by far one of the largest Hallmark's I've visited.Plenty of variety here, not limited to just cards...there was also gift wrap and bags, calendars and journals just to name a few other goodies that you will find! The staff is here are very helpful, they walk around and will help you with anything you need; without hovering over you. That's always appreciated when you are trying to read and find the perfect card!I was able to find the cards I was looking for and a cute gift as well. I will definitely return to this store!
1	What a sad day for Hallmark.  I was there on Saturday, 9/21/13.  Park Road Shopping center was buzzing with people.  I decided on a whim to make a purchase in the Hallmark Shop.  I found what I wanted and took it to the cash register.  But, alas, the cashier couldn't be bothered from her spot on the telephone to take care of me.  After telling me that she would be with me in a moment two times, she exasperatedly took my purchase and rang it up.  I don't know why I didn't just walk out since it bothered her phone call so much to take care of a customer.  And you might think this was a teenager with a cell phone, but it was not! While this is a really nice shop, with a huge inventory.  I won't be making purchases in there again
