1	Went there one night since everybody was wanting chicken. Ordered 2 12 strip meals. First had to wait for 25 mins in line on the drive-in. Then ordered. They took the order wrong. Left us waiting for another 25 mins on the side curb to get the correct order. I think I will stay away from kfc. Food was so so ...
1	One of the worst KFC's in the country.  Always getting short changed on the cole slaw.   6 piece bucket had a back bone as one of the pieces.  Previous orders were never right.   Buy at another location and not this one.  We're moving and hope the KFC is better.  Eat something else.  Will not be going back and will buy our chicken up in the valley
1	I have no idea how much the new commercials for boneless chicken is costing but perhaps if KFC wants to sell it they should prepare it.  I am new to Maricopa and it was parent day at the school. I thought I would surprise my step daughter with a fun chicken lunch.  I pulled up to the drive through and nearly ordered a chicken breast meal when I saw the boneless chicken on the menu. Recalling the ads, I thought I would try this.  I ask to substitute a boneless breast for the regular one.  I am informed this cant be done.    Of course it can be, but they won't. So, I order the boneless meal and figure I will order an extra side. After ordering, I am informed there will be a wait as they have to cook it.  Hmmmm.    It is lunch time. If you have none ready then, when would you have it ready?   I changed the order BACK and ordered a kids meal as well, with Mac and cheese as a side. Woman waiting on me is chatting with someone else when I pull up.  I assume I am not important to her.  That's fine, she didn't impress me much, either.The lid is not placed on the kids meal correctly and I end up with it spilling out in the bag on the way to the school.  Then I get to the school and there is only one fork.  I guess we are supposed to share.  Promoting family unity??By far the worst KFC I have frequented.  Training of employees is desperately needed.  Perhaps a manager to be in charge of the employees and might be placed on the wish list, as well.
1	the manager MUST go! all other times i get all dark, i get all dark meat, but when that manager (tall dirty blonde haired moron) works, tonight was training night for a new employee, he throws in white on bottom of bucket and fills the rest with dark, approx. 2-3 in a 10 piece bucket, wow i thought i was the only one dissatisfied!  good chicken though when it's fresh, he likes to hold as long as no one complains....
1	This is by far the worse KFC I have ever been to. No matter what I have ordered it takes for ever. The food taste old! We need corporate to come revamp the staff and retrain on the cooking or they won't stay be in business much longer.
1	Went to KFC for a late dinner with the family last night and even though the sign says the lobby closes at 9pm, they had most of the lobby blocked off with chairs so no one would sit where they cleaned already. There were only 4 booths open. We waited forever to get our food and when we did get it, it was horrible!  I am pretty sure they just gave us all the left overs.  The hush puppies were as hard as a rock! The piece of chicken in my sandwich was so small and old it was embarrassing! It was served cold too.  There were 5 of us and we all had old bottom of the barrel food.  The coleslaw dish was half empty.  This is the worst KFC I have ever eaten at.  The bathrooms were filthy too. It's a health hazard to eat there.
