5	You can call me crazy, but this store tends to have better deals than any of the other GAP Outlets. With my sister back in town for the summer, we were the dynamic duo of shopping. Days were dedicated to travel from one side of town to another, but we come here for our basics at bargain prices. There was a drought season where I didn't buy anything from GAP and walking into this store quickly changed that. For the most part, this mid range store tends to play it safe and clean cut for a moderate price. The employees are quick to help, but also know to not swarm around their clientele. I hate being constantly approached.
4	This Gap outlet is a tad on the small side, but they pack a lot of punch in a small package. They have something for everyone and shelves and clothes were organized and clean when I visited. That's always key in my book. It is located on the outside of the mall so parking and entering the store is more convenient if it's your only stop as it was mine. I purchased a pair of jeans and service was pleasant and efficient. When I decided to return them the very next day, the return was smooth and quick. Very good shopping experience.
2	In the past I would have given this place a 5 star, but I really really do not like the Gap Outlet store.  Maybe its just me?  They hardly had any choices for jeans and thats my reason for shopping there.  I am short and need the petite sizes and they only had a small small selection.  I feel like the prices are no different then the actual Gap store.  A sweater at the outlet store is $45 and probably a few more dollars at the actual Gap store.  The store is clean and the store clerks are friendly, just not a fan of Gap.
1	Can I give this location 0 stars? That'd be dope. This was last night on 12-5-14. I'm in the GAP outlet shopping for a coat and a sweater for my girlfriend.  Nobody asked if I needed help. Then I suddenly hear a series of F bombs and MuthaF this and that. It was an employee. She was cursing a storm and talking about the GAP F'd up her check. Complaining and cursing out some guy for her $90 check and F this and F the GAP.... I left and spent $240 at Tommy Hilfiger and Express. I didn't hear one curse word at any of those stores. I don't know if I'll ever shop at the GAP again after that experience. Not one employee tried to help me and I was in there for 15 minutes. Maybe they were too busy rooting on the employee that was cursing out the manager.
