3	Simple, casual little Italian joint at Arizona Center tucked in next to the Subway.Average pasta and pizza by the slice.Be prepared to wait...  a while...  for your...  order...  yawn.Order and prepay at the counter.  Alcohol served.  Outdoor dining also available.
5	Wake up people, if you are looking for good pizza and you haven't been to Cafe Roma then you better get down there!!  This pizza is cooked by a Sicilian woman for crying out loud!  Average?  Whateva!There are a few locations of Cafe Roma, the only other one I have been to is the one in Tempe which was good but not quite the same.  Go to this one, at the AZ Center, order a whole pizza and enjoy.  They have a huge menu and I'm sorry to say that we haven't tried anything else on it because the pizza is so tasty we just cannot resist!!  They serve slices as well, but you know those have been sitting behind the glass for who knows how long and although I'm sure they are good as well, nothing compares to a freshly made pizza.I'm also not sure what Jonathan B.'s gripe is with waiting so long...we have never waited longer than 10 mins and for a fresh pizza I think thats pretty average.  For around $13 we get a large cheese and 2 drinks.  They also serve beer, wine and other alcohol but not a huge selection and they do have happy hour specials.  They also have two tvs that always have at least one of the local games on.  My only complaint is that they are not open very late (830 I believe) and they don't have their hours posted anywhere.  This place was dangerous when I actually lived downtown, I'm glad to be a little up the road now so I'm no longer eating pizza everyday!!  ASU students!  Downtown workers!  Drunk hipsters!  Make your way to Cafe Roma!
3	I have been here so many times I have lost count.  I eat here mainly because I work in the Arizona Center, and its literally right out my door.The pizza here is okay at best.  I find it a little on the greasy side.  I usually get the pepperoni pizza, but have had the Tomato and basil as well.  The pizza is okay.  Its just to greasy for my tastes.On the up side, they do have some pretty good lasagna, along with a few other dishes that I would reccomend.
3	Cafe Roma is decent.  No better no worse, it's just decent.  The restaurant itself is very dark inside, which makes it hard to read the chalk-written menu hanging 10 feet up in the air.  They offer a decent selection of standard pizzeria fare including pizza, pastas, and subs.  I've never had their pizza strangely enough, but every time I see people eating it, it looks tasty.  I've had their subs here before and I find them extremely lacking.  Surprisingly enough, I get more meat on my sandwich next door at subway than I do here.  The bread is also really crusty.  Sometimes I like that, sometimes not, but be warned, it can break your teeth if you aren't careful.  The first time I came here, I ordered pasta, but they said they were out of it and I found this really weird, especially since it was like 5 pm.  I figured they just had vats of sauces and tubs of pasta in the back and they slopped it all together when you ordered it.  Oh well.  Another time I came back and tried the pasta again, this time they had it.  It was pretty decent and their marinara sauce isn't bad.   Use a plastic fork if you are going to eat pasta here because there is something really wrong with their forks.  I swear the metal rubs off when you eat because you get a wicked metallic flavor when using their forks.  Overall, a pretty decent place if you are looking for a quick dinner before heading over to a movie at the AMC.
4	Family-run Italian restaurant in downtown Phoenix (near the AMC multiplex). Pizzas by the slice or by the pie. I agree with the yelp post by Heidi V. that ordering a whole pizza is the way to go! Just be patient... Rome wasn't built in a day...Also, highly recommend the salads with lots of cheese and their bread.Cafe Roma had the best aroma of the casual restaurants I checked out at the Arizona Center. Extra note for all you Italian language learners / speakers... there is a lovely Sicilian woman who prepares the food, I believe her name is Crocetta. I found her to be delightful and happy to converse in Italian! Ciao for now
5	In short, I love this place.  It is not fancy.  It is not somewhere you want to bring a date.  But the restaurant accomplishes exactly what it sets out to accomplish: make simply great food.  Very reasonable prices, too!I love their pizza, their sandwiches, and their pasta.  And I love love love the bread that comes with the dinners.  I can't think of a better piece of bread I've ever tried.  (This seems an odd thing to gush over, but it really is great!)
4	I really enjoyed this place. The lady that helped me was super friendly. The pizza was really good. Really crispy and delicious. They also have happy hour between 3 p.m. and 6 p.m. everyday. $2.50 Bud Light pints and $4 pitchers. They also have wine and other alcoholic choices available all the time. The only bummer about this place is that they require a $5 minimum purchase if you use a credit or debit card, but the pizza is good enough that you will want an extra slice anyways.
5	My wife and I love Cafe Roma!. We have traveled extensively in Italy and the Sicilian lady who owns this place is one of the sweetest people you will ever meet.The vegetable and supreme pizzas are amazing, especially if they put some feta cheese on top. Their pasta with meat sauce, although simple, is extremely tasty, as well. Between the food and the atmosphere, I'll be sure to come back here often.
2	I can't believe I've been to this place twice, but when I'm at the Arizona Center for an event, I'm short on time, and I'm hungry, this is actually the best place to get a quick bite.It's your average takeout pizza/pasta joint, like a mom and pop Sbarro. I've only ever had pizza here as the pasta isn't a quick deal. The sad part is that the last time I was there especially, I didn't even remember eating there shortly after, because I was still hungry. Not very filling.Also, just a note that if you plan on just grabbing a beer here, and want to pay with a card, there's a $5 min for card transaction. In that situation, either pay with cash, or grab some sun chips, which put it at the minimum level.
5	This is my favorite place in the AZ center. Seriously, I LOVE it. I ate here almost everyday one summer, and I still enjoy their pizza and pastas. The salad pizza is a fave, because it is unique. Their daily specials are so yummy, they vary from chicken parm to chicken with feta and tomatoes. There is a new special everyday.  Call ahead if you are in a hurry, they will have your order ready when you get there.
2	Cafe Roma just went downhill since it has been in the Arizona Center for the last decade. They have whole pizzas ready and when you order a slice they reheat it in the oven for you, not a bad idea but then I saw a fly crawling on the pizzas right in front of me so I chose not to get a pizza. I chose the ziti which was okay the cheese didn't really taste like anything and the sauce was just weird. It came with a salad which was laughable because it was literally just two small pinches of salad with an overdose of dressing. I don't think I will be back here again after having been a long time customer.
4	Quick, cheap, and very much like NY style pizza.  The slices are thin, with a very crispy crust, with good sauce to topping ratio.  A good choice for quick eats at the Arizona Center.
2	As one of the other reviews said, there were flies all over the pizza and the place wasn't clean at all.  The pizza was reheated and was barely warm when they gave it to me.  I've eaten NY style pizza and while the style was close, the pizza was a definite F.  My coworker had the calzone and said the sauce was good.  Definitely a disappointment looking for good thin crust pizza in Phoenix.
1	I suggest paying very close attention to the prices. I went there 8/14/2011 and ordered a stromboli and small drink, when they rang it up he rang up $1 something twice and then $8.50 for the stromboli bringing the total on the register to $12 and some change. When I pointed out that the menu board said that the stromboli is only $7.50 he huffed and said "fine I'll just make it smaller" at that point I turned and wallked out.Being only a block from ASU student dorms I wouldn't be surprised if preoccupied students aren't being cheated on a regular basis there.
2	I chose this restaurant because it was close to the hotel I was staying at. The food was just OK. I had the dinner special which included a salad, drink, & chicken parmesan for $8.95. On the salad, I could tell the ranch dressing came out of a bottle - consistency was VERY thick. The chicken parmesan was nothing special - a piece of chicken with cheese and sauce. The one thing I was impressed with was the bread. It says they make the bread fresh and it tastes that way. YUM! If you are in a hurry, I would suggest ordering a piece of pizza from the warmer in the window. Otherwise you may be waiting for a while. Positives: Cheap food, large portions, good bread. Negatives: Service was slow - I ordered my food to go and sat around waiting for a while.
3	we just went in for a quick slice and a beer. service was good. very cozy place. decent pizza. we got a slice of pepperoni and a shock top. not bad for the price.
2	Weaksauce.The pizza was mediocre and had obviously been sitting awhile.  Two slices of pepperoni pie and a medium pop set me back nearly $10.  For that price I expect more.  Nothing special or notable about the pizza.  It's not horrible if you're strolling thru Arizona Center but don't go expecting much.  If you've devoured pie in NYC, skip it all together.
4	I was just updating my profile and one of the questions was: What would be your last meal?  I had to think about it a little and then the baked ziti from Cafe Roma at the Arizona Center, popped into the taste buds in my memory brain cells.   This prompted me to share this, my humble opinion, with everyone. I've been going there for many years now. I ALWAYS get the Baked Ziti because, well, because it's delicious! Their sauce is sooo good and cheesy, and the portion size is gigantic.  Their pasta also comes with the most amazing garlic rolls. They are super garlicky, savory, and pillowy soft. They kind of melt in your mouth, really. Hmm, maybe those rolls might be my last meal???  A few years ago, I stopped going as often, not because the food wasn't good, but because the place wasn't that great. It was hot and the seating was really crowded. Well, imagine my surprise when I went back for that wonderful Baked Ziti a few weeks ago and the place was newly remodeled. There were new tables, a new seating configuration and a wall wonderland surrounded by big screen tv's. Their pizza is also delicious. It is true that it's reheated when you order it; but it's still pretty darn tasty though. The price is alright, plan on spending about $10 per meal.  If you've never been there, you should give it a shot. Tell them Trish sent you.  That  won't mean a damn thing to them.  However, the next time I go, i'll tell them I'm Trish and referred a bajillion people to eat there. Who knows, I might get a free baked ziti.
3	Today was my 3rd visit to this restaurant and I have tried something different to get a feel for what foods they make better.  I would have to say that the pizza is the better choice when picking from their menu.1st visit I tried the Baked Ziti and found it to be OK, nothing special about it.  For the price I felt that Oreganoes would have been a better choice.2nd visit I decided to buy two slices, pepperoniand hawaiian slices, both were good but a little over priced.  You can go to NYPD and get the same slices and sizes for a better value.3rd visit I went for the Chicken Parmesan Lunch Special was dissappointed with the quality of the chicken and look of the food once I got to my table.  I knew looks aren't everything when it comes to food so I went on eating the meal.  The first few bites into the chicken were just OK and then the next bite was like bitting into chicken that had just come out of the fridge.  This surprised me since the chicken parmesan is sitting under heat lamps and in a warming tray.  Also with the lunch special was baked ziti which saved the Lunch Special.I am going to assume that the chicken sub sandwiches aren't that good since my friend basically picked his sandwich apart and just ate the chicken pieces.To recap, stick with the pizza by the slice or buy a whole pie; from now on when I go back that is what I will be getting, pizza by the slice.
1	The guy overcharged my sister for sure! Pizza was mediocre, I'm from NY and I know what good pizza tastes like.
3	Hour prices are good, the food is great, and good protions sizes also.   Nice to sit outside and people watch.  And the staff are super friendly
2	Have to say I was not impressed. The service was simply ok and we had a variety of the menu options but nothing was more than mediocre.  Simple Alfredo with little spunk, the garlic chicken spaghetti had no garlic flavor but I will say the chicken was well cooked and tasty. The green chile pizza has no green chile but rather they tried to pass green bell pepper off as green chile. Very disappointed.
3	Ok, it is what it is.  And it does it well.A simple pizza by the slice fare.  I have found the Pizza pretty good.  Last night I had a Med Salad that was pretty good, not too creative (romain lettuce, feta, banana peppers, cucumbers and tomatoes (no olives)).  The atmosphere is nicer than a quick fast food pizza by the slice joint and they did have a wide selection of beers.
3	Cafe Roma is an ol staple that my coworkers and I usually hit up during lunch time considering its a short 2 minute walk.  They have a pretty good selection of italian eats, but their main grub to offer is pizza.  The pizza selection is pretty good offering the classics with a few other creative varieties.  My favorite being the pepperoni/jalapeno.  Average price for a slice with one topping is about $3.50 which isn't to bad at all.  The other items range in price, but you can usually find something for under $10.  Although they only have around 3 beers on tap (which they could use a little more of) the prices are pretty good for a pint.  I can get a pint for $3 and during their happy hour they had em going for $2 which was great.The newly remodeled look gives Cafe Roma a more updated, spiffier look  while maintaining its quaint italian charm.  Located nicely in the Arizona Center in downtown Phoenix, it has its good selection of clientele.   If you're looking for a quick lunch time bite during work, school or shopping, Cafe Roma is a good choice.
1	this pizza was so gross that i just now created my first yelp account.  yes, it is 2013. that's just how gross this pizza was.
4	Really loved the pizza, thin crust, comes out so hot the cheese is just an oily liquid for a couple of mins until it cools off. The dough they use for the crust is really good too, Calzone was solid, the marinara dipping suace was really good. We also got a side salad which was big and wasnt just plain old iceberg, which is always nice. There were only 2 people working dinner and they both seemed to be busting their butts to do a good job. The girl working the counter was very nice and polite.
3	As many others have expressed... it's a average place. Not bad but not fantastic either. It has a prime location and a few things it does very well. It's affordable which is something that I wish I could say about more places in the area. There is a real need for quick and cheap places around here as the numerous sit down places with wait staff aren't going to work every day. The staff is friendly. The pizza toppings are good and the slice size is good as well. The one thing I wish is that the pizza was slightly thicker... I like thin crust pizza but I have found that maybe it's just a little too thin for my taste. This might just be a me thing though. So if you are faced with the choice of Subway or here in the Arizona center Roma will win every time.
5	Recently visiting the Phoenix area and came across Cafe Roma.  Group of 8 for lunch.  We each ordered different things and EVERYTHING was very tasty.  We had a pepperoni/black olive pizza (12").....the pizza had a lot of cheese (yum), plenty of pepperoni and olives.  The crust was very tasty....and I don't usually like the crusty edges.  We will for sure visit Cafe Roma the next time we are in Phoenix!!!!!
1	Sadly, the family that originally owned Cafe Roma sold this location off.  We have only experienced it once since then and have no plans on going back.  Although I like the way the new owners updated the location, they pretty much took great pizza and replaced it with the cheapest ingredients possible and then jacked up the prices.  We didn't even want to finish what we had ordered.  We took it to go and gave it away to a homeless person.
5	So this was my first time to Cafe Roma.  I went to pick up a pizza to take back to 27 Tattoo for us and our artist.  Ordered the Roman Supreme COLOSSAL (20+ inches).  It was AMAZING.  Even the crust was nummylicious.  And the cost was $18.95.  You can't beat that!  What stood out even more than the food was the friendly staff.  The young man who made our pizza chatted away with us while he fashioned it.  The other employees were so nice as well.  When we order pizza, we normally get it w/ light sauce.  I'm not usually the one to order so I forgot to request that.  No need, it was the perfect amount anyway!  We look forward to our next visit!
4	Sat down for late dinner with wife. Cool sports bar ambience in the Arizona center in DT PHX.  Good selection of pizza and pasta.  I settled for the margherita pizza. YuM.!! Wife had pepperoni. Good choice of beer. Patrons come in for a quick slice and beer!  4 big screen TV' on the wall for sports fanatics. Patio seating avail.
3	Went here today with my roommate. The lunch special was a great price, however the overall taste wasn't so great. My pizza was very soggy and the cheese was not fully melted. It tasted like pizza you heat up in the microwave. The salad wasn't too bad, but not so great either. It was okay, I doubt I will be returning.
3	If you are after food court quality pizza than this is the place to go. They have other options outside of pizza which I don't have an opinion on as I only tries the pizza, but I can't imagine the quality to be much higher. Interior is hot and not very clean.
4	I got the lasagna, but I think they did not hear it enough so it was still cold inside. But the taste was great.
3	Pizzeria type atmosphere. But prices are high for a pizza and they dont have spaghetti. Pizza was good. People are nice but hard to hear behind the high glass counter.
1	This was our second try at eating here. This place has a great location and I love pizza so we thought we would grab some dinner after a movie. The first time was pretty bad, the woman didn't know what to do with our coupon, so it took forever to order. We had a pitcher of beer (not a good selection on tap) and waited for our pizza. About twenty minutes later she brings some wings to our table because she completely forgot about our pizza. It was nice that she brought us some complimentary wings, but when the pizza finally came out it was burned and incredibly greasy. We decided to give the place one more shot. The second time we got there and it was not busy at all, but it took a while before anyone came to the counter to take our order.  We ordered a couple of beers from the bottles they had on display only to find that they didn't have any and we were stuck with the two tap choices again. It took about 30 minutes to get our pizza. It looked like it was cooked well, but it was incredibly greasy again and the dough was rock hard. We will definitely not be going back.
1	Roma is now called Boka and that isn't the only change we don't like. The staff is rude and the pizza is only ok and, served by the slice cold and stiff. When they had only one customer in the place Tiffany told us that we would have to wait an hour for a fresh pizza, or we could take slices that had been on display for hours. BTW those slices would not be covered by our Groupon, where a fresh made whole pizza would have. Scam.
