5	THE BEST STEAK I'VE EVER HAD! If there was 100 stars i would give 100. They age their steaks 28 days prior to cooking them. I don't exactly know what that means, but i do know that it makes it taste ridiculously good! I got the filet mignon, and it was the juiciest thing. The sides are also really good. We got the asparagus, mushrooms, and the potato gratin. For the greatest steak you will ever have, go to the Four Seasons Hotel in Vegas, and find Charlie Palmer Steak!
3	let me preface this by stating i grew up on a black angus beef farm in iowa.  this was back in the day before angus became as popular as american idol and when grass fed meant just grass fed.  now fgrass fed means free range and an excuse for whole foods, gelsons, and bristol farms to charge you the price of a fashionable t-shirt  just so you can eat like the dour couple from american gothic or like i did.   what does it mean?  it means that i'm a bonafied meat snob with some farm cred so steak lovers take heed.  charlie palmers is a classic steak house joint.  meaning it's murky with candles and fine linens.   it's classy inside but not too full of itself. inside guys were clad in jackets or even  t-shirts and they even had the world series on near the coaches, albeit snowy and grainy.  (you would think a high end place like this would have an hd feed.)a jovial waiter showed us to our tables.  my friends and i were famished from a day of loitering, gambling, and gawking so we tore into the bread.  to be honest i don't recall what it was but it satisfied us. between the four of us we ordered the filet mignon (2), rib eye, and a ny strip.  all these fancy steak houses say their steaks have been dry aged for x amount of days, weeks, years, decades, millenia, etc.  to me this reminds me of saying you can put lipstick on a pig but it's still a pig.  i'll stick to this assertion until i have a dry aged steak that knocks my socks off or beats what i can get back home in rural iowa.  i sipped on a jack and coke to dull my hunger pains.  just as i finished off the second jack, my rib eye appeared.  it was shaped like africa and grilled medium rare, just the way i ordered it.  i let a  bit size piece sit in my mouth and waited.  as a steak connoisseur i relish this brief passage of time, from the moment a steak touches my taste buds and the info relayed  to my brain for decoding.  it's akin to watching a beauty pageant and waiting to see who will be the new queen and who will be the first runner up.  you really want a certain contestant a while back as your favorite to win but you never know  until the end.  it's the same with steak-you really want it to be great but never know.and the winner is ...not charlie palmer but a steak house to be named later.   the rib eye was tender and pink but it lacked the sweetness and depth that i'm looking for in a top notch steak.  to me it needed a bit more fat.  a sublime rib eye is marbled well which gives the steak flavor and a more lively texture.  my friends' filet mignon had a bit more taste which surprised me, but i've had better and even cheaper before.all in all i think charlie palmers is still a solid place. their sides were outstanding with impeccable service. and the classy but non fussy ambiance is refreshing in vegas.  but i'm still searching for the perfect steak house.
4	It started off, really badly as the server who began serving us was rude and could have really ruined the experience, but we were saved by a much nicer waiter in the end. That's why it get's a 4 and not a 5, also the decor is a bit boring.  We did not get a salad as were anxiously waiting for our 14oz on the bone ribeye's, parmesan potato gratin, garlic brocolli rabe and something else ( I can remember) we also had the the bernaise, peppercorn reducton and horseradish cream.  All were perfectly done.  The steak was a perfectly done and my husband says it's the best ribeye he's ever had and I'll have to agree, it was well marbled and really flavorful.  The gratin was so good that my husband is still taking about it.  I will have to try and make room for the truffle fried egg salad next time.
5	I was in town recently with friends for March Madness.One of my buddies made reservations at CPS based on a recommendation from a colleague.We were seated promptly as we entered, and our drink waiter was quick to take our order.After some perusal of the menu we decided to skip the appetizers and go right for the main course. They did bring out a selection of breads all which were very good, my favorite being the cornbread.I ordered a bone in rib eye, our table shared sauteed spinach, crispy fingerling potato, pureed potatoes and broccoli rabe.I also ordered a side of fondue bleu cheese for my steak.The food was delicious and immaculately prepared, the steak was very flavorful and the reduction sauce they ladled over it was perfect.I then had the peanut butter bar dessert and they also gave a complimentry apple spice cake(I may have this wrong it was some type of cake with apple slices in it as garnish) with my friends coffee, both were delicious.I still rank craftsteak as the best meal I have ever had but CPS comes in the top 5.If you happen to be hanging around the 4 seasons LV this spot is worthy of a try.
5	We were a bit intimidated when we walked in. There were more servers than customers on a Tuesday night at 7pm. It feels like all attention was on us, with the kids and all.... But my worries disappeared in no time when the server started chatting with my kids, even showing them pictures of their own kids. WOW! The kids had the corn soup, with lobster and pancetta, they finished it in no time despite steaming hot. Hubby ordered the prawn cocktail, very nice. For entrees, I had the filet mignon, hubby had the ribeye, kids shared the roasted chicken. Wonderful, this really is one of the best steakhouse we've dined at. Everyone else pales in comparison. The kids saw someone ordered the chocolate bombe for dessert , they ordered that too with vanilla ice cream(which I had to stop them from licking the plate afterwards, ha), hubby and I shared an order of berries with creme fraiche, and two cups of capuccino. Perfect ending.
4	This steak restaurant located on the lobby floor of the Four Seasons Hotel is not to be missed. Not very crowded at times and thats a good thing. It seems like every steak restaurant in Las Vegas is filled to the gills and annoyingly loud. I have eaten at least 10 different steakhouses in Las Vegas and this is the classiest and still my favorite. It feels like a cross between an updated clubby steakhouse sans booths, and an elegant, dark, and nicely appointed restaurant. One different aspect is the smoking section. Its this seperate beautifully sectioned off area filled with overstuffed, beautiful and very comfy cushions. It gives a feeling of a more relaxed classy dining experience as oppossed to big booths to eat large slabs of meat. I still choose to dine there and I already quit smoking years ago.The service is excellent and extremely attentive. It will feel like you do not wait for anything. The bartenders understand the importance of paying attention to making a cocktail instead of just pouring liquor to the top and adding a splash of something.Of course if your there for steak, the most important aspect is the meat itself. Quality and portions wise, it ranks up there with the best, but its not the best. The meat is wet aged and I prefer dry so thats why I am probably put off slightly. If you prefer dry aged beef only, this is probably not for you. I always get the bone in ribeye and never left hungry or dissapointed. Everything else is a la cart.This is a very beautiful classy way to enjoy a steak in Vegas. Bachelor parties are better off at 9ine at the Palms (Which I also have been privy to). Much more livelier and raucous, filled with the "beautiful people" but the food and service suffer accordingly.
5	I had a fantastic steak here.The sides were also quite tasty (although none seemed very healthy).This had a little bit of the "old boys club feel" with the cigar lounge.There is a solid wine selection here.Great service - but you pay for it.
4	Let's start with the ambiance...the place was dimly lit and the lounge was really laid back and chill.  I loved the vibe in the lounge.  Upon entering the dining room, the vibe did not change much.  It was relaxed for an upscale steakhouse.  I loved it...Service...excellent!  The second time my wife and I went here, we asked the server what his favorite side dish was...he stated that it was the gratin potatoes.  At the end of our meal, he offered a side of the gratin potatoes to go and ON THE HOUSE!  What??!!  I've never heard of that happening before!Food and beverage...The first time I went here, I ordered the filet with blue cheese over it.  Steak was good, but too much blue cheese.  The second time I went, I opted for the rib-eye with bernaise.  It was awesome!  The wine list is ridiculously over-priced.  We ordered Silver Oak and I think it was over $300!If you're willing to splurge while in Vegas and are a carnivore...check out Charlie Palmer Steak!  It's in the Four Seasons next to Mandalay Bay (you can actually access Mandalay Bay thru the Four Seasons).
5	A client took my husband and I to this restaurant in the Mandalay Bay while out in Vegas for my 30th birthday.  We never saw the bill, but obviously everything was a la carte and pricey.All we can say is that it was a wonderful restaurant.  Exceptional service, setting and food!!!  I didn't want to embarrass myself, otherwise I would have kept eating; it was so delicious.  The house white wine was also very good and not too expensive.I would definitely go back to Charlie Palmer...if someone else pays again!
3	Was extremely disappointed here.  Just never connected with the staff and som.  Food was OK.  Overpriced and over-hyped.  Best part of the evening was hanging in the bar before dinner.
5	This is a nice understated restaurant that can easily compete with all of the high-end steak houses out there.  I've been in Vegas a few times, also in Reno (the nicest spot in the Sierra ho-Tel).  I will take their food and service over mortons, r chris, smith & w, sullivans, etc.
3	I was at Charlie Palmer's in June of 2008 for a bachelor party.  The service was good.  The sides were good.  The steak, however, was just 'OK.'  I got the filet medium rare and it was on par with what you would get from a random restaurant that does not specialize in steak.  Mine was a bit chewy and not particularly flavorful.
3	I went here for a business dinner last night. The surroundings were elegant and the service was impeccable, but I really wasn't impressed with the food. Bread basket: hot, fresh cornbread was the best cornbread I've ever had. Sadly this cornbread was the highlight of my meal..Ahi Tuna Tartar: *Yawn* just wasn't that interesting of a preparation. The tuna was fresh, but I can't say I enjoyed this dish very much and I'm a huge tuna fan.Filet Mignon ($42): Depressing that a 10 oz steak is the smallest steak on their menu, but I realize that's common nowadays. The menu description reads "roasted shallot jus". I didn't give the description much thought until the steak came out covered in brown goo. Why cover up a perfectly cooked top quality piece of beef by covering it with gross sticky goo!! While my steak was great, I really had trouble getting past the brown sauce. It didn't taste good, and texturally it really bothered me to have liquids all over my steak.. for $42 I can find a tasty steak elsewhere.We had some side dishes, but despite the fact that I sampled them just 15 hours ago I've already forgotten them all .. yawn.There are so many delicious steak spots in Vegas, I can't say I'd ever return here, but for those that like their steaks covered in sauce this might be your spot..
5	If your celebrating a special occasion, proposing to your girlfriend or you just want a great culinary experience - GO TO CHARLIE PALMER'S!!! You wont be disappointed. The staff is always on point. The service here is exceptional! The atmosphere is sophisticated and elegant. But the best part, the quality of the meal and which it is presented!  This is by far my favorite place in Vegas for a great dinner. The side dishes are ala carte and perfect for sharing! I recommend the au gratin potatos highly. The steaks are always cooked perfect and the best I have ever had. They always have several freshly flown in fish options. The best part of a meal for me is dessert! The banana split is to die for!! They thinly slice the banana and lightly fry it!!! Fresh baked cookies are always brought to the table or packed to go. They also have a wide selection of fine cigars in the bar to choose from. This is a guaranteed PERFECT MEAL!!
1	This was a disaster. About the toughest, worst steak I've had.  Ever.When we made reservations, they tried to lure us with a fixed price menu of: salad, filet, and dessert for $55.  This was their idea, not ours.  When we arrived, they said that was not available.  After our waiter conferences with the chef, the manager, and several other people who met in hushed tones in the back and then asked us who exactly was it that told us that a fixed price was available, they offered us a salad, a strip steak, and two pieces of ravioli each.  Given that this is a steakhouse, I was very underwhelmed.  I think they justified our "special accomodation" by giving us the oldest, chewiest piece of steak they had.  Neither myself or my dining parter could finish the steak.  Frankly, it hurt my jaw.  It was unacceptable steak at any price.
4	Steak was ok...Double-Baked Potato with Truffle Cream was wonderful. Our waiter was nice and bought truffles out to us to show how it looked liked.  He also brought us ice cream sandwiches that I loved.
5	Las Vegas is filled with places that claim to be the "best steakhouse in town".  As a matter of fact, just about every steak serving establishment can lay claim to winning some "best" award from one publication or another at some point.  While I have yet to try out some of the newer acclaimed places like Carnevino or Strip House, my sense is that those places are overly trendy and noisy.  That's why I like Charlie Palmer Steak.  Located at the Four Seasons Hotel, attached to the Mandalay Bay, Palmer's is clubby, quiet and refined.  This is not for the normal Vegas party crowd.  Have a well-crafted cocktail (perhaps a Sidecar or ice cold vodka martini) in the lounge and prepare yourself for an excellent experience.  Service is exceptional, always nearby but never hovering.  I have eaten here half-a-dozen times or more, and the 20oz NY shell steak is my favorite.  Get it with a side of wild mushrooms and the truffle twice-baked potato.  Heaven.The wine list is very deep, sharing the same cellar as sister restaurant Aureole upstairs.  Desserts are OK, nothing to write home about.
2	Sadly, the steak was disappointing! So we were in vegas for a quick trip and wanted desperately to go to The SW Steakhouse. We tried making last minute reservations but they only had 5pm and 10pm available and since we didn't want to eat with the blue haired patrons or eat with the wait staff, we decided to explore our options. Cut also only had a 5:15pm available and Carnevino had no openings... so I went down my steakhouse list and found Charlie Palmer Steakhouse. Anticipating a booked night, I still called and was surprised by how many openings they had. I originally asked for 8pm and then changed it later to 7pm and with each call, there was a "sure no problem"... All of this should have been a precursor to our meal. My steak preferences are as follows:I like when steak is seared with a crust and then finished in a really HOT oven. I like when steak is seasoned with a bit of salt and pepper prior to being cooked. Good steak should never be covered in a sauce. Finally, I like when they take out a really hot steak and finish it with a little bit of butter. Is that too much to ask? Well the steak that I ordered at CP did not have any of the above. In fact they poured a wine reduction that they called a "jus" and it lacked all taste. I would never go back...
5	I like this place because they give a free rose for my fiance and I anniversary dinner...The steak is juicey goodness (yum)...It was kind of hard to find because it was on the lobby (bottom floors of the 4 seasons hotel)
1	Visited last night with a group of business associates and were hugely disappointed. Service was solicitious but untrained. Food was downright marginal, and all the steaks came dredged in sauce. Simply awful, and outrageously expensive. I cannot recommend for any reason.
4	Bibb lettuce is crisp and a great starter.Portions are big. Filet is so tender.Dark, romantic atmosphere.
3	We went here for Thanksgiving. I was neither impressed with the quality of the food (particularly the main dish, which was the turkey) nor the service. The side dishes were delicious, but the turkey was undercooked and lacked flavor.
4	This is such a classy beautiful restaurant @ the Four Seasons.  It was such a joy dining there.  We were seriously treated like a king and queen.  After using the restroom, some one was always there to pull my seat and place my napkin on my lap.  I can't stress enough how amazing the service was!I had the bone-in rib eye... beautifully done.  So juicy and tender.  Along with my steak, I ordered the fingerling potatoes and mushrooms.  Great flavors through out.  The creme brulee and coffee were a perfect ending to such a wonderful dinner!
3	When we arrived we were offered the choice of dining at traditional table or a couch table. We opted for the latter. Ambiance was relaxed and cozy due in part to the subdued lighting. There were only two other tables of diners when we had arrived. We found it somewhat odd for it to be so quiet on a Friday evening. However, additional patrons arrived toward the end of our meal.Despite the lack of guests, service was remarkably slow to start. A visit from the Sommelier helped to pass the time while we waited on our menus. Too bad we had no clue what we'd be eating. A variety of breads were delivered to our table and our drink order was finally taken, but we still had not seen a menu. We grew impatient so I dug into the bread, sure enough that's when our waiter appeared with menus in hand.We opted to start with citrus prawn cocktail and Caesar bib salad. We selected Filet Mignon and Veal Delmonico as our entrees and chose to share a side of Parmesan potato gratin. We devoured the basket of delicious breads while we waited. The corn bread was particularly notable.Our appetizers were excellent. The filet was prepared with roasted shallot jus. The Delmonico was served with peppercorn sauce. Both were flavorful and tender. Although, as a matter of personal preference, we rather have sauces served on the side. The potatoes were outstanding; a crisp crust formed across the top and the inside was rich and creamy.Our bill came to $146. In the end, service was sufficient, but I'd expect a higher caliber from Charlie Palmer and the Four Seasons. Nonetheless, it was a fine meal.
5	I came here for a date with my bf and it was very special. The atmosphere is great for dates. Dim lighting, great wine list and very good food. It was a little difficult finding this place, but once you taste their steaks, you forget about the hassle of finding this restaurant. We ordered ahi tuna tartar for our appetizer. They come out and mix the tartar in front of you and then place it on a platter. It was delicious! The steaks were amazing as well. The only thing I didn't like was the side of asparagus. They trim off the sides leaving you with no crunch when you bite into it. Overall, it was a great dining experience especially with a loved one.
4	Took my husband here for his birthday and he loved it.  The food, service and ambiance was top notch as to be expected for this price in a Four Seasons Hotel.  My husband is a steak lover and he thought it was one of the best he ever had.  I do not eat meat....but ordered swordfish which was excellent.  I always find that better upscale steakhouses have really good fish. The side dishes were rich and delicious.  Loved the sommalier service....he chose an truly amazing wine that I enjoyed very much.  I would eat here again when staying in the hotel.
1	Went to tonight, the night before valentines day. I had the surf and turf. I wouldn't recommend it for anyone. I could have got something better from TGI Fridays. They had a three course meal for $75, the cauliflower soup was good. The steak was hardly a steak, it was smaller than a hamburger patty and the Alaskan king crab was over cooked. Over all I was very disappointed with the meal. To top it all off the service was hardly there. We were there for over an hour and a half and I would guess that at least 45 minutes of that was spent waiting for them to take our plates or bring the check. I can't say anything about their normal menu, but this one wasn't what I was expecting for a place of this caliber.
5	We have been here many times over the years.  I say, go for the baked potato with truffles ... it is what dreams are made of!Three of us went here Wednesday night for a fantastic meal.  We opted for a few appetizers and several sides to accompany our NY steak.Everything was cooked to perfection and very tasty.  We received superb wine and wine service from Scott and his crew.  We were very pleased.When my 5-year old asked for something special ... they accommodated her every wish.  That is what very nice restaurants are made for! (B&B take a lesson here).Thank you Charlie Palmer and your amazing team for a great evening and an amazing meal.  We will be back again and again.
5	Talk about both fabulous steaks and fabulous service! We've been here more than a few times during our Las Vegas visits and I can't recommend this place enough to others! Obviously their claim to fame is steak, and they're not lying... but they also have a lovely menu of other entrees worth trying. Side dishes here are served "family style" and I highly recommend their potato gratin. YUM!! They also have a great selection of wines, wonderful customer service (and wine service) and a relaxed, classy bar to enjoy happy hour cocktails in before dinner. Every time we go to Las Vegas we try to book dinner here at least once. Kid friendly? I guess if you must bring them (they're very accommodating here) but the ambiance here is so classy and yet also so relaxed that if they're the type to get board quickly we all would prefer if you left them with a sitter...
4	Food:  Had the filet, soup, lots of sides... mushrooms, mashed potatoes, asparagus... then creme bruleeService:  not badThe A/C was on a bit high.  Made the food cold a bit fast.Overall, the food was good.  Not the greatest but it's definitely quality.  Taking the price into consideration I give this restaurant a 4
5	My boss took me here for dinner when we were in Vegas. You need to make reservations before hand. This place was very accommodating since we had to change our reservation last minute and they were able to get us seated when we got there a little late I must embarrassingly add. The service was perfect from beginning to end. We were served good quality bread with butter as an appetizer. We ordered some red wine that was suggested to us by a manager, however, it was a little too dry for my taste even though we asked him to suggest something that wasn't too dry. I guess everyone's tastes are relative anyway. Moving onto the main course, the food and steak really lives up to all the hype!! The meat was very juicy and tender. The meal was so good! My boss even told me he specifically comes here to eat every time he goes to Vegas. I was full and for the price and service I think it was worth it. It came down to around $100 a person for the meal excluding dessert. The dim ambiance also adds a special touch here!
3	I love CP in Washington, but unfortunately this location did not match the meal I had in DC.  Located in Four Seasons Hotel so was nice to get away from the casinos for a night (or a dinner). Started off with Bibb lettuce salad with buttermilk dressing that should be tossed off the menu, no reason to have mediocrity in a CP restaurant. Followed by a PERFECTLY COOKED rib-eye steak that impressed me because even though I ordered it medium well most restaurants tend to overcook it, but it still had some pink inside. Had a sweet onion brown sauce which was a little over salted. Steak was not tender, a little tough which I found strange. Had fingerling potatoes-good, potatoes au gratin so-so and broccolini which was very good. It was my wife's birthday and as a nice touch they brought us a creme brulee and ice cream cookie sandwich that were both delicious. Service was understated, no rush and unattentive which was a little bothersome for a restaurant of this calibre. Would I go again to the Vegas restaurant? No, but I certainly would look at this restaurant as an abomination within his named restaurants.
3	I was mildly impressed by my dining experience at Charlie Palmer, though not as much as my friends, who just could not stop raving about it at the time. I enjoyed by 16 oz. NY Strip Steak, medium rare - very succulent and juicy.  The excitement left my system as soon as I left the restaurant, not that it was burning me up inside, and I hardly talked about my dinner since then.  I was, moreover, a little turned off by the overly long wait (not for seating, but to get our food). Even for appetizers, they seem to have taken a very leisurely approach to their service. In fact, we had to flag our server on many occasions to get a refill on our bread basket and drinks.  The sides were good, but nothing too special.  The ambiance and decor of the restaurant were amazing, with dark wood, perfect lighting, and a generous amount of space between tables.
5	Charlie Palmer's is a 5 star restaurant. Wonderful atmosphere, great service, and of course the steaks are great.
5	I was here on someone else's tab, so with that being said it's impossible to not give it 5-stars. Great steak, cooked exactly how I asked for it to be done. The sides were what made everything tick, a perfect compliment. The creme brulee I had for dessert had to make my all-time top 2 or 3. Excellent.The dining room is extensive with a lot of movable barriers so they can accomodate large groups, but also divide up their space nicely so it still feels like a normal sized restaurant.I'm sure it's not the only place to get good steak in Vegas, but it's hard to imagine anything being much better than this.
5	Had a group of friends in town for a few days and we wanted to have a dinner together at least one night.  I saw the commercial on tv for the "Cut of the Week" - so made the reservation!So here's what the special consists of for $48 excl tax and tip (and each week it changes - check their website):  salad, "cut" of meat and desert with unlimited wine pairings.  The chef chooses the menu and accompanying wine and I must say he chose very well.They have a small plates menu also - we decided to try a few of those and were delicious (tried olives and boccacini with red peppers).  Honestly cannot say enough good about the menu selections (we had the bone-in New York which was soooo good) but the selections change weekly.  The salad was an arugula and watermelon/feta - was perfect (we all agreed that the small amount of dressing on the salad paired perfectly with the peppery/bitterness of the arugula).  The salad course had a white wine pairing and the NY had a red wine pairing (a blend 90% merlot and 10% cab) - both were excellent!  We also shared a giant twice-baked potato with truffles (per Tony D's review) and loved loved loved it!   The staff was excellent - very friendly and attentive.  The chef also greeted us which was a nice treat (along with the great desert) - super sweet (pun intended)!!!!They are closed on Sunday/Monday.  They are obviously looking to lure in some locals with the tv spots and I must say that I'm glad I was lured....well, I usually say that in the right company :-)PS - As I left and thanked them again for a wonderful meal, I was handed a "Local Ladies" card ... it may be for 1/2 price drinks and apps, as soon as I find out more and use my locals card, will post another rave review!!
5	Sure I was intrigued by the Wine Angels at Aureole in Vegas.  Who wouldn't  be?  Yet, was it enough to pull me into the restaurant?  As someone who usually finds "special effects" movies boring and lacking in substance, it left me a bit leery.  However, after years of hearing about how innovative Charlie Palmer is as a chef (some of these raves from friends whose opinions I value greatly) and watching his restaurant empire grow, I am happy to say I finally have tried not one, but two of his restaurants.  In order to give both of these restaurants the attention they deserve I am writing about them in two parts.  This, the first part, will detail my outing to Charlie Palmer Steak in Las Vegas.Nestled inside the Four Seasons Hotel, it is a nice departure from the rest of the Vegas Scene.  Don't get me wrong, I do love the hustle, bustle and noise of the whole strip scene, but it is also nice to take a short break from it for a more refined experience.  That refined experience is definitely reflected in the decor of the restaurant. The arched doorways, ceilings and ochre walls hint at Southwestern Spanish Architecture, while the dark mahogany paneling and furnishings give it an Upper East Side Club Room feel.  The mix of these two styles work beautifully together in creating an atmosphere of relaxed elegance and sophistication; taking two old world styles and making them somehow modern.I experienced Charlie Palmer Steak as a party of six. No, I didn't eat enough for six people (although it did feel like it), it was myself plus five others.  A table full of foodies with everyone wanting to try out as much as possible, we had a fairly wide range of the menu at our table.  I will do my best to cover as much of it as humanly possible. :)  Sadly the photos that I took did not come out (need to remember to bring a flash camera!).While four in our party waited for the final two, we enjoyed a glass of Tamarack Cellars Merlot 2007 (nice full bodied with flavors of raspberry, black cherry and hints of chocolate) and took in the atmosphere.  When the final two arrived, the game began!! Not only did we order a full array of appetizers, but our crazy group made a special request to the chef to make us potato chips (not on the menu), and he did!!  And by the way, the freshly made potato chips were awesome.On to the appetizers!!  I had the Wild Arugula Salad with Roasted Beets, Oregon Blue, Pecans and a Sherry Vinaigrette.  The arugula was fresh and crisp and the presentation was beautiful with slices of roasted beets and a puree of beet.  The combination of elements came together perfectly for a perfect salad.  The rest of the table shared several appetizers. The Ahi Tuna Carpaccio had barely hit the table when it disappeared and additional servings were immediately ordered (I think that says it all!!).  In rapid succession, Seared Hudson Valley Foie Gras, Oysters on the Half Shell and Brocconcini Mozzarella w/ Cured Tomatoes arrived at our table and were ooohed and aaaahed over.  Like the arugula salad, the presentations were just right and  inviting.  Everyone thoroughly enjoyed the appetizers which lived up to Charlie Palmer's image of being a pioneer of progressive American cuisine.   The fusion of classic American cooking with Soba Noodles and a ginger lime vinaigrette (Ahi Tuna Carpaccio) or Foie Gras and White Plum Tart expands the concept of American cuisine to a whole new level that left everyone chomping at the bit for the main course.For the main course, Surf and Turf (Roasted Maine Lobster/Filet Mignon), Filet Mignon with Roasted Shallot Jus, American Kobe Beef Tartare and Crispy Skinned Japanese "Suzuki" Sea Bass were thoroughly enjoyed by the rest of our group.  I feasted on a plate composed of sides: Wild Mushrooms w/ Carmelized Onions, Garlic Broccolini and an order of the wonderful CP Steak Fries. just thinking about the amazing flavors on my plate is making my mouth water as I write this. There were also sides ordered for the table: Lobster Rice, Sauteed Spinach, more CP Steak Fries and a Truffle Baked Potato.  The Truffle Baked Potato was amazing, but so rich that I didn't have much room left but to have a small bite.At this point I thought that I might have actually been restrained enough to leave the restaurant without having someone roll me out, but then dessert was ordered.  Everyone shared an order each of the Warm Summer Fruit Crisp, Strawberry Vanilla Ice Cream Terrine, Chocolate Peanut Butter Bar, Chocolate Brownie Sundae and a selection of Fruit Sorbets.  I initially swore to only take little tastes of each to be able to experience them, but my resolve was not strong enough and I hate to admit that I had more than a taste of each.  I just couldn't resist!!  As we wrapped up our meal and prepared to leave, I had to admit that I was impressed with the entire meal, both presentation and ingenuity in blending flavors.www.ladieswholunchtravel.com
5	I came across this restaurant because I was actually interested in Mr. Charlie Palmer's other restaurant, Aureole, at the Mandalay Bay after seeing him guest judge on TOP CHEF, where he gave the challenge of pairing pinot and pigs for one of his annual events.I noticed that Charlie Palmer Steak was having a summer promotion, 3 course dinner + unlimited wine pairing for $48.00.  Every week, they have a new cut of meat.  I made the dinner reservations for a party of 5 about a  week in advance and on the night of the feast, I'm proud to say we were all blown away!  The ambiance was modern but with a twist.  Dim candle lit room for a romantic unforgettable moment type of vibe but well balanced with the dark wood for a touch of masculinity.  We were sat promptly after checking in.  Every girl had a waiter to help pull out our chairs.  We were served bottled Fiji water and had deliciously warmed varieties of breads.  There were cornbread, sourdough, french, and wheat rolls.  I loved how when someone from  our table got up, a waiter would come and fetch our current table napkin and replace it completely with a brand new one.  No empty water or wine glass.  Every time it started to get low, there was an immediate refill.  They're so Ninja!  We started of which their cheese platter.  It had 3 different types of cheese that I cannot remember but it was served with seedless sliced red grapes and bits of honey comb.  I loved the sweetness of the honey it played on the cheese.  It was accompanied by warm and fluffy brioche.  For our 3 course dinner, we started off with a watermelon salad.  It had a mild goat milk cheese and a balsamic dressing.  It was light and refreshing.  Our meat of the week was a grill New York steak.  It was cooked to perfection.  No one had any complaints about their steaks.  For the sides, it was served family styled.  We had grilled baby asparagus and oven roasted fingerling potatoes.  It was a satisfying meal.  On top of that, we had the most knowledgable and nice sommelier.  He was very generous with each and every pouring.  He also took the time to walk around the table to give us a breif description of each wine.  I think our table alone, help finished a couple of bottles.  For our last course, we had a chocolate covered hazelnut creme.  On the side, they threw in homemade chocolate chip cookie ice cream sandwiches for us.  I felt soo special that night.Everything about this place, from the food to the service and the decor has definitely surpassed my expections.  It's no wonder Charlie Palmer is who he is with soo many great accolades.  He deserves it and I'm just happy to have tried his food.
5	Almost completely awesome.....We booked a reservation on opentable and got 1000 points....Located in the Four Seasons.... comp valet parking....The atmosphere was great, service was just about perfect, and food was amazing... I could hardly complain about any of the food.....We went for the 3 course tasting menu they offered with bottomless wine...Basically we received 2 salads, fresh bread, 5 to 6 glasses of wine, filet mignon with mushrooms and potatoes for 48 a peice...For Vegas, that was great......I want to go back....
5	Ate here on a recent business trip to LV.  I was pleasantly surprised.  I opted for the price fixe which was a 12 oz DRY AGED new york.  They do not normally offer dry aged on their menu and since I have never had a dry aged steak I went for it.  The whole meal was delicous.  Bread, Steak, sides, dessert.. it was one of the best meals in LV I have ever had.. and I eat out a lot LOL.   I am now a fan of Dry Aged beef and now know why it is so highly regarded.  It's just that much more delicate and tasty it's so hard to describe.5 STARS!!
5	WOW!              This is the most insane deal in Las Vegas. $48.00 for a three course meal AND this is with wine pairings!!! And they never stopped filling our wine glass with each course. In fact I actually turned away the last pour. Now for the food. First Course, American " Kobe" style Beef Carpaccio  with a Wild Arugula salad. Excellent! So many flavors melding. Main Course, 22oz. Beef T-Bone, which I rarely order, absolutely done to perfection. Meaning a PERFECT medium rare with the perfect seasoning. If you have to add salt or pepper to this steak shame on you.Keep going to that restaurant with the two first names.          This really was the best steak I've had in Vegas in a long while.Actually one of my most memorable ones ever was my first visit to Charlie's several years ago.         We did add on one of our favorite things, the Giant Truffled baked potato. However, the yukon gold potato puree that comes with the meal is amazingly good also. Yes, we ate them both. So...... we had to take our yummy chocolate cake back to our room and savor it in bed.         Service was impeccable, and I rarely say that. My wife raved about the cornbread that I forgot to try, darnit. My final thought, quality and price taken into consideration, nothing in this town is even close.
5	I am vexed, very vexed. The Cut of the Week deal with unlimited wine pairing is such a great deal for the most fantastic food prepared exquisitely. It is only $48 per person, 3 courses and ulimited wine at a gourmet restaurant for only $48 each, that's a steal. Every course is absolutely perfectly prepared, we had the watercress salad, new york steak and a chocolate parfait type dessert and everything was delicious. So why am I vexed, well in a very unfortunate accident an entire glass of merlot was spilled all over me. The staff brought me a few towels and a glass of soda water to clean up with. And then...nope, there is no and then, that was it. No more follow-up, no are you okay, can we get you something, can we dry clean your shirt and pants, how about a free cognac for dessert, nope towels and soda water. So, I don't know. I loved the food, thought something was lacking. By the way, quick mention, CP is a long walk when coming through the Madalay Bay located in the bottom of the Four Seasons. Not prime location, but the food is so good and the atmosphere (loved the funky furry seats I was in) is great. Save for the wine bath which no one seemed to care about...love the food, always will. They have my heart sons of bitches.
4	Ate here for a bachelor party.  Reserved a table for 12 and they put us in an empty dining area, which was great for us because we could be as loud and obnoxious as we wanted.  Most had the cut of the week deal for the bottomless wine, but the veal osso bucco ended up being pretty solid.  The tomato soup was meh.  The stone fruit trifle was not bad.  The wines were meh also, but what can you expect from an AYCD wine offering.The great thing is that they allowed the diners who didn't order from the prix fixe menu to join in on the bottomless wine.  All-in-all, we had a great time.  Good food, good service.  Wouldn't hesitate to eat here again.Plus, the Four Seasons is classy as fuck!
4	I ate here during my stay when I was attending a bachelor party in Las Vegas.  We had 14 guests and everything was on point from the start to the end of our meal.  We all ate well and did not feel like paupers after the bill came.  Although I did not partake in the price fix meal, numerous people in the party did and they all enjoyed it.  If I am ever back in Las Vegas I will be hitting this place off again.
4	Excellent food but bring your winnings from the tables or your expense account as it is anything but cheap.  Nice ambience but on quieter side, excellent attentive service.  The lobster fried rice is a fun alternative side dish I would definately recommend.
4	Started poorly but everything went better and better as the food got out!I booked a table just for myself during a business trip. Got there a few minutes ahead of schedule and the hostess tried to seat me at the bar ("are you sure you want a table?"). Yes, I want a table to eat properly!Finally got a table, towards the back of the restaurant in an area that they were setting up with more tables. Felt like they seated me in the middle of the backstage.I went for the prix fixe menu: salad, 16Oz steak with sauce and two sides and desert. All with bottomless wine pairing. I asked for the dressing to be on the side and no sauce on the steak. I thought the waiter was about to scream and kick me out. He clearly did not like special requests...Anyways, the food came out and was great. The somelier was kind and explained his wine choices. Overall an increadible meal value and awesome food quality. I wish the hostess and the waiter were up to par :)
5	It took me a lot of hours on Yelp to decide where to have a top notch steak while in Vegas. I mean, it's not like there are 431 steakhouses in Vegas or anything. I am going to do my best to cover all the bases here, but I gotta be honest. Charlie Palmer Steak delivered one of the greatest and most synchronized dining experiences I have ever had and this is how the story goes. The location:Located inside the four seasons hotel, the restaurant itself is a bit darker than I enjoy, but it's a huge location that is very inviting. There is a very nice bar located near the front that seemed to be a bit dead. More than likely that has more to do with the fact that if your reservation is for 7PM you get seated at 7PM. That is how it went on Wednesday night, so I am not sure how it works out on the weekends when there are more folks in town.The menu: Very extensive menu that hits on a number of different price points. They give you an opportunity to go small, medium or big and big is B-I-G!!! They have what's called the "cut of the week" which is a pri fix menu option that includes 3 courses and two sides for $48. That's a great deal for the amount of food they serve. The Food:I knew before I sat down that I was going to pay a premium for dinner and that wasn't an issue for me. I was just hoping that the food would be off the charts good and I would get what I paid for and that's exactly how it went down. We ordered oysters which were from the pacific northwest (I forget the name but I'm not hypercritical about the specific types of oysters when I dine at a high end restaurant) and they were amazing. Perfectly chilled, perfectly shucked and almost as fresh as the oysters I get here in San Francisco. My date doesn't even dig oysters and she loved them.My date for the evening, Lizzy, ordered their "cut of the week" option and it was as follows:First course Bib lettuce saladThe lettuce was too large to eat and probably could have been chopped to fit on the fork. The blue cheese was really strong for my taste but the bacon lardons were perfectly crisp and delicious. Overall the salad was good, but nothing special.Second course 16 oz. NY SteakThe cut was a very large portion and it was cooked almost perfectly. It had a bit too much gristle for my taste but it Lizzy killed it so she clearly didn't have a problem with it. Seasoned well, tender and the sauce that accompanied it was flavorful and a great addition. Dessert Meyer Lemon Creme Brulee Custard is not my thing but I tried it. It was a bit too tart for my taste buds and I wouldn't order it. 2 sides Baby Broccoli and Garlic Mashed PotatoesBaby broccoli was cooked just they way I like it. Crisp, bright green and still crunchy but cooked all the way through. Garlic mashed were good. It tasted like there was a bit of truffle oil goin on but I was focused on the red meat more than the starch. I mean, I didn't come to Vegas for the mashed potatoes. Feel me??My Entree  Surf and TurfWonderfully seasoned and perfectly cooked filet mignon. Melt in your mouth good and absolutely amazing quality on this cut. Each bite tasted better than the previous bite. half tail of Maine lobster, cooked perfectly, with drawn butter and it was stuffed with a truly delicious mix of lobster, lobster stalk, fresh bread crumbs and a few special ingredients the waiter left out. Lobster meat was pulled away from the shell, which is a nice touch b/c who really wants to sit there with a bib on shucking lobster from the shell? I sure don't. DessertThe waiter comes out with these tiny, fabulous house made ice cream sandwiches, compliments of the chef. They were too kill for! The cookies were soft, delicious and the ice cream was a creamy dream of wonderful. We could have eaten about 8 more of those bad boys without an issue. The service10 out of 10. The waiter was friendly, he knew the menu up and down, answered all of our questions (and we had plenty) and was on top of his game. A step further. Our waiter had a party of 8 and a party of 6 seated as we were eating dinner. Instead of ditching us all together, another waiter came over to make sure we were doing ok and was also on top of his game. The communication between waiters, servers and the rest of the staff was absolutely perfect and I had never seen anything like it. Something as simple as pouring water in a glass was handled with such care. The waiter would hold a napkin over the glass each time she/he poured making sure we didn't get splashed. At times, they were a bit too fast for their own good. They took away my fork, knife and small plate after they cleared the oysters, but I'm not complaining because I was flat out impressed by the attention to detail. Each and every person working the room had a smile on their face, they were chatty but not too chatty, they took pics of people who wanted them to and it was truly a top notch dining experience and I can't wait to head back for more.
5	A classic, elegant restaurant that happens to emphasize steak.  This is not a true steakhouse that focuses on various cuts and grades of meat nor is it a trendy, new American restaurant.  It is what one would expect from a Four Seasons property.Regardless of what time you show up for your reservation (early or on time), you will be offered a seat in their comfortable lounge and given the time to order a drink.  It actually sets the mood for a good dinner.The Kobe beef tartare is perfect.  Classic in every respect.  The spinach salad is also very good and classically prepared.It goes without saying that any of their steaks are good.  Each is paired with an accompanying jus that matches very well with the slight differences in flavor of each cut of steak.  Their shortribs, while delicious, are not as good as that prepared at CraftSteak.Be sure to try the truffle baked potato as a shared side.I cannot speak to the deserts.  I have eaten here many times but never made it that far.The wine list is extensive and fairly priced.Service is impeccable.It's not as fun for the steak purist or as hip as other Vegas offering but sometimes you just gotta escape, slow down, and relax.
2	I really can't believe I'm giving Charlie Palmers 2 stars but here's why. I ate there twice in two years and both times my Bone In Ribeye had too much muscle in the steak.  I'm through.  I no doubt will stick to Mastro's, Ruth Chris or Joe's Stone Crab.Service was right on but the food could be better and they need to add a bone in Filet for those who don't want the muscle and marbling (I like the marbling though).  Time to change the menu boys........
1	CP, I'm giving you a star b/c I didn't get my wine w/my $48 cut of the week selection, I was disappointed with the steak and dessert, and dinner was almost three hours long.  I thought wine was included, but when the wine didn't come, I thought I had read the menu wrong.  No, after reading the yelps here, I missed out.  For a restaurant of this caliber, that shouldn't happen.  I'm all for a relaxing dinner, but the dining room wasn't slammed and dinner dragged on.A bread basket was delivered to the table.  We devoured the warm corn bread and asked for more.Caesar salad with prosciutto and and anchovies was one of my favorite courses.  It was a good-sized portion and since I had already ate a piece of cornbread I was good.Main course was Kobe style skirt steak w/mushrooms and chimichurri.  Mushrooms were delicious and chimichurri was very tasty.  I could have used a vat of that chimichurri.  I know a skirt steak isn't as tender as a filet, but I had to fight it with my non-serrated knife to cut it into polite size pieces.  Fortunately, I did keep the steak from flying off the plate.  Now that I'm typing up this review, I should have sent it back.  Sorry, Charlie.  Sides were better than the steak.  I had fries and beans amandine.  Fries were still crispy at the end of dinner. Dessert was a butterscotch bundt cake w/carmelized bananas and ice cream.  The bananas and ice cream were good.  Bundt cake was underwhelming in texture and flavor, and could have been more moist.  The restaurant also provided a plate of ice cream sandwiches for the table.Minus the missing wine, service was attentive.
3	I went to Charlie Palmer in Dallas and had one of the best experiences in my life.  I went to Charlie Palmer in Las vegas hoping for something similar and was sadly disappointed.The service was incredible but mine and my wife's steaks just both weren't that great.  If I were at some cheap steakhouse where I pay $20 for a steak I wouldn't mind but when I'm paying $40+ for a steak I expect more.My steak (NY Strip) came out slightly overcooked and it was just really tough.  Again, $20 steak I would expect that, but for $40+ that just wasn't acceptable.  On top of that, it was also just bland.I tasted my wife's steak (filet with a scallop jus sauce) and I thought it just tasted awful and came out undercooked for her.  The steak itself, again, was bland but it was hard to notice since it was drowning in the sauce.The sides were good and our appetizers were good, but the steaks were just so mediocre.  It's sad because our expectations were so high from the Dallas location and we hoped the Vegas one would at the very least be comparable.
3	Relaxed vibe with a classic feel. We were here for a birthday dinner - just the 6 of us girlies. I think that spells trouble because it seemed like we were the loudest ones in the restaurant. Just having a good time out together. The service was great and I was confused as to who was our server. It seemed at one point that someone else took over and it was fine. All were very courteous and nice. I had the pork tenderloin with some white beans that were a bit on the salty side and some mashed potatoes. The pork was prepared perfectly, but I don't think it was the absolute best I've ever had. We shared the sides...carrots, lemon infused asparagus, potatoes...all were average, nothing really moved me. Charlie Palmer's is worth trying. I think for what you pay for, the food should be phenomenal. I just don't think it was. Oh and a couple of the girls had the filet and were not raving about it. I'd really be back for the service, but not so much for the food.
4	Thanksgiving Review- This was the second year to go to Charlie Palmer's for Thanksgiving. We love the prix fix menu of turkey and all the sides. We started with the wedge salad. It was really good with vinegar and a bleu cheese dressing. Then the turkey diner came out with stuffing and family style brussel sprouts, yams, and cranberries. The dessert was pumpkin pie and cheesecake. Very good. The only complaint I had was the service. There were a lot of staff on hand. Yet, they didn't want to come around and check on us. They just dropped off the food. It took about 15 minutes to get the bill to leave.
5	Food = Outstanding. Service = Outstanding. 2 of us dining. Oysters on the halfshell & shrimp cocktail were top quality and prehistoric in size. Our steaks, both bone-in ribeyes, were served with a sweet onion demi-glaze (or something glaze-ish). I'm a steak purist believing a great steak doesn't need dressing up, however the demi-glaze was a good and unexpected compliment to a fantastic cut of tender beef cooked to medium rare perfection, with a bit of crusting on the outside. Sides of onion rings and au gratin potato - mmmmm. Dessert was a chocolate hazelnut bomb, a cake-ish thing with a creamy middle. Restaurant is located in the Four Seasons, which is attached to Mandalay Bay. It's a dignified, nice and quite escape from all that is Las Vegas blitz and glitz.
5	It's located in the Four Seasons, right next to Mandalay Bay. Right up there with Mastro's, Ruth's Chris, Morton's, etc... The nice thing about Charlie Palmer Steak is the slightly laid back ambiance. Not nearly as stuffy as Mastro's. People are in Vegas for a reason. Normally a Rib Eye man, but had the 16oz. New York Strip medium rare, and did not disappoint one bit. Sides: Had the Potatoes Au Gratin and Brussel Sprouts/Pancetta. Desserts: Had the Chocolate Peanut Butter cake and the Apple Tart with ice cream and caramel. The tart was definitely the stand out of the night. Good service, great food, well worth it. Next time, will have to probably try Del Frisco's.
4	Excellent Steak house hidden away in the lobby of the Four Seasons Hotel.  Elegant place with great service, and a private, dignified atmosphere, uncharacteristic of the more popular Casino steak houses on the strip.
4	I ate here last week after I got out of meeting upstairs in the Four Seasons. I had no intention of eating here, but I was starving and a few people said Charlie Palmer's was a great spot. I gave it a chance and I'm very happy I did. First of all, they had some insane deal where you get three courses and unlimited wine pairings for $50. I was sitting at the bar and the bartender said to give it a try because the veal chop it came with was the best... he wasn't wrong. The first course was a salad which was quite good, the second course was the veal chop with roasted vegetables and some type of potato. The veal chop was amazing and the roasted vegetables were the perfect match, I didn't eat the potato, but they sure looked good. I decided to forgo dessert so they happily substituted a cappuccino. The bartender I had was awesome, and he wasn't kidding about the unlimited wine... the bar scene was very lively so I hung out for a while and probably went through a bottle myself (he continued to pour for free even after my meal had ended). I feel like if this place was more centrally located on the strip it would be a gold mine. I would love to go back and give a steak a try, but I have a hard time believing it wouldn't be very, very good. If you find yourself in the Four Seasons, near it, or anywhere in Vegas absolutely try Charlie Palmers.
2	If you can't find a better place in Vegas for your money you're lazy or not a foodie. Food was decent. Portions on side dishes small. But the service - yuk. We sat with dirty dishes on our table. They ignored us for what seemed forever. This was our third night in Vegas and by a mile our worst meal. We ate at Mastro's two nights ago and it was excellent in every way. Last night we were at Mesa Grill and it was also great. This restaurant isn't in the same league. Maybe we hit a bad night. But when we left I considered talking to a manager, but all the ladies at the podium were busy gossiping about another customer, so I figured, meh, they don't care. Save your money.
4	I highly recommend the pork dish and the onion rings!
5	Great meal.  Went for a friends bday and made a quiet comment about the birthday girl.  More on this in a sec.  The bone in rib-eye was great.  Wonderful natural flavor.  Friend had the lobster, it was great.  When I asked for the bill, the crew had brought out a dessert for the birthday girl and 4 ice cream sandwiches on the house.  Such great service all from the quick and quiet comment I made.  Water service was amazing.  Never got less than 2/3 full.  Would definitely go again.
4	I would like to say it was the most pleasant dinner I had.  Mostly it was the service.  They do take care of their customers. The steaks were really good, they cook it exactly how you want it. As for the source, you will have to pay extra for an exchange. That's no big deal because the waiters are going to make you feel like kings and queens there. At least that's how I felt.We ordered the iced shellfish plate, which taste amazing, but I felt cheated in some ways. Maybe it was my misunderstanding of the menu. It says "$ 35 (Minimum 2)". I thought it means at least feeds 2 people, but it came out you have to at least order 2, that makes it $70. While would someone put a price for 1 when you must to order 2?
5	Great steak, and enjoyed everything else more. The meal started with a mixed assortment of bread which included warm corn bread which was great. I actually loved every part of the meal, but especially the oxtail ravioli, and warm potato and leek soup. The ravioli were al dente and full of flavor while the soup was creamy and delicious. The soup was served table side? with a bowl of lobster (i actually didn't notice any caviar) presented first and the soup poured over the seafood for a nice presentation. It was actually a large portion and we didn't want to finish it for fear we couldn't eat the rest of our meal. The meat were divided into separate plates, and had a great char flavor to it. Again it was really dark so i couldn't really see the color of it. Along with the steak  we got the baked potato, which was more like mashed potatoes presented back in the potato skin. The truffle oil (i presume) made the potato tasted great and we destroyed it.A much older crowd than i'm used to, but it didn't bother me.
5	Let's just say that I'm happy that Craftsteak at MGM was busy that night and hubby and I got the same day 6pm reservation for this fine establishment. We were offered the "chinchilla" table right next to the door but opted for the booth table located at the back of the restaurant. (So much more cozy and romantic.) Although on this particular night, it so happens that a couple across from us was celebrating their 45th anniversary...so sweet. The atmosphere and the service was top notch: waiters noticing when you leave the table for the restroom and they come and fold your cloth napkin. Hubby and I ordered 2 appetizers: oxtail ravioli and potato/leek soupThe ravioli was served al dente (just the way I like it) with an incredible sauce. The pasta was the star but then you get a little surprise of the flavorful meat inside. When the soup arrived...yes it was served table side showcasing the ingredients inside the soup first, the waiter then poured our hot and creamy soup in the bowl (a big portion enough for two). You thought the ravioli was good enough, this soup took it out of the park. Loved loved it!Our main course: 18 oz Ribeye with onion jus and a twice-baked truffle potato. Um....so juicy, tender and the meat just melts in your mouth. The potato of course was super delicious, moist and flavorful.We were stuffed by the end of the night that we opted out of the dessert portion. Blasphemy right?! Well the restaurant made sure we didn't leave without celebrating our 2 year anniversary with some dessert. What a pleasant surprise! All in all, great place to celebrate those momentous occasions!
3	I've had plenty of expensive, gourmet dinners in my life, but none more so than Charlie Palmer Steak at the Four Seasons in Las Vegas. Good grief was this place overpriced!I recall having a 7- or 8-course prix fixe dinner at Valentino in Santa Monica that, after tax and tip, cost something like $230 for two people. That was a memorable experience, and one that I will talk about and cherish forever.But with this restaurant, you spend that amount (or, in our case, more: a new record of $250 for two people!) to get a 3- or 4-course dinner that meets expectations but does not surpass them in any way. To use a sports analogy, Charlie Palmer finishes the golf course at par, when you really hoped it would sink a hole in one somewhere along the way.The starter? Good.The steak? Good.The cocktail? Good.The dessert? Good.But nothing was great or mind-blowing or made you close your eyes and just go, "Mmm... delicious." The decor was basic -- it felt like I was in a hotel, when I really wanted to be transported to another world and forget where I was.And I couldn't believe how lax they were with the dress code. My friend and I showed up in our best, and were dismayed to see couples walk in where the guy wasn't wearing a tie or had his shirt untucked or was wearing jeans or, in one case, khaki shorts! I feel these people should be turned away at the door -- it definitely makes the place feel less classy.Would I eat there again? No. That doesn't mean it's bad -- not at all. It's just, for me, not worth the price. I'd rather have something that leaves a bigger impression on my senses than on my wallet.
5	The best filet steak I've ever had - need I say more? Okay, I will. Better than Ruth's Chris or Smith and Wollensky's. The Charlie Palmer Steak house is absolutely amazing. Apparently the Salmon is great too but I cannot personally attest to that. The service is outstanding and the atmosphere is quite and sophisticated. A little pricy but well worth every penny.P.S. the desert is sooo good; it had one person actually licking his plate. (Not recommended, although very funny!)
4	Awesome food with great service.
3	good steak, good portions, good option for vegas.
5	The "Cut of the Week" offers a 3 course meal with unlimited wine for less than $50.   Need I say more?  No, but I will anyway because the review would be too short if I didn't.This is my third visit and second time trying the Cut of the Week.  You can preview the current week's menu on their web site.  Food is top notch as is the service.  If they aren't taken, ask for the chinchilla table.  You will feel like a king.
4	Impeccable service ~ probably won't forget our waiters name (George) ever. Food was good. Atmosphere good. Overall very happy with our special Honeymoon dinner!
3	Why did I leave feeling so ho hum about what should have been an amazing dinner?  I guess I'll start with the good....the side dishes.  While they are priced pretty high (to be expected at a legit steak house), they are amazing.  So, definitely make sure you try a couple of them when you're here.  The service is also amazing but it does borderline on a little excessive from time to time.  We were here for a bachelor party and I got the sense that some of the guys were not in their element with a guy pouring water over their shoulder every 10 seconds.  Now, as far as the food goes, sadly, this is where the disappointment comes in for me.  Everything was pretty good but I don't want pretty good when I go to a Charlie Palmer restaurant, I want amazing.  The portions are huge so that is nice but I tried a few of my friend's dishes (in addition to my 3-course prix fixe dinner) and they are all ho-hum for me.  The wine that accompanies the prix fixe dinner is ok at best but since it is all you can drink, I don't really think I should complain too much.  Overall, I probably will not be coming back and will stick to Brazilian BBQ for the next bachelor party in Vegas.
4	Restaurant Week 2011. Charlie Palmer Steak is on the ground floor of the Four Seasons. The interior is quiet, elegant, and dimly lit -- perfect for a romantic night out or if you just want a dinner where you can converse with the rest of your party without screaming over music.Our meal was one of the better RW dinners we've had. They started us out with a kobe style beef tartare amuse bouche.The salad with caramelized black mission figs, Oregon blue cheese, and a sherry shallot vinaigrette was a great earthy mix of sweet, sharp and tart.The petite sirloin was nicely charred and tender. It was accompanied by a butter poached lobster tail filled with stuffing and succulent lobster meat.The dinner also included sides served family style. Both the sweet corn succotash and Russian banana fingerling potatoes were delicious.Rounding out the meal was a creamy, and surprisingly light, citrus cheesecake with pistachio olive oil ice cream.It was a great meal in a nice setting, but service was spotty. After being seated, we sat around for a good 10-15 minutes before we flagged a waiter down to take drink orders. After that, service was slightly more attentive, but far from a personalized, engaging experience. There were two waiters for our table and both seemed like they wanted to be elsewhere. It was the start of college football season, so maybe they did. Can't really blame them if that's the case.
5	This is a beautiful restaurant.  Stepping out of the taxi and into the quiet and elegant lobby of the Four Seasons is such a fantastic contrast to the craziness of the LV Strip.  The hostess was excellent.  The restaurant is very nicely appointed and relatively quiet for a packed house.  The service was top notch--my dining companion had a steak that was a bit overcooked--and the waiter immediately had another steak prepared, which was then delivered to our table by the manager herself.  We were fortunate to be there for Restaurant Week--so they had a special menu for the occasion.  I started with a mixed green salad which was fine, and then had an excellent steak and lobster main course.  My steak was perfectly prepared and lightly seasoned, and the lobster was delicious. An excellent cheesecake accompanied by pistachio ice cream finished the dinner.Service was perfect.  Wine list is very good.  Would definitely return here in the future.   Would be a great restaurant for a romantic dinner.
5	The BEST Steak I have ever had BRAVO!
2	On October 8th,  at my recommendation, 13 of my closest friends and I decided to eat at Charlie Palmer's Steakhouse. I have been to one other Charlie Palmer Restaurant and had a good experience and therefore thought that the quality of food at the steakhouse would be just as good.  I am a local Las Vegas attorney and routinely frequent many of the higher end steakhouses in the Las Vegas valley including Del Frisco's, STK at the Cosmopolitan, The Capital Grille, etc.  The prices at the Charlie Palmer's Steakhouse were comparable to other high end steakhouses and hence I expected that the quality would be on par.  I ordered the 40 oz Tomahawk Bone-In Ribeye which cost $110 (not including side dishes). The steak had very little marbling and was overcooked.  Put simply, the steak lacked flavor.  Moreover, at no time did the waiter ask me about the quality of my cut, which for a high end steakhouse is unusual.   Perhaps, the chef that night was having an "off night" but I am unlikely to return to Charlie Palmer Steakhouse.
5	Calling all carnivores!!  Charlie Palmer Steak (located @ Four Seasons hotel - next to Mandalay Bay) offers a special menu that you have to know about to ask for called "Cut of the Week".  COTW is a prix fixe menu paired with 2 Bottomless wines, 1 white & 1 red for $48 served Tues-Sat weekly.  There is always a red meat in the COTW, which could be various cuts/preparations of steak, lamb, veal.  Also includes a salad, 2 family style sides, & dessert.I didn't understand the whole "bottomless wine" part until I finally enjoyed COTW.  The service is absolutely fantastic.  Both of my wine glasses never emptied.  There were at least 2 servers dedicated to just keeping an eye on everyone's wine glasses who quickly topped my glass off every time I had taken more than 2 sips.  I didn't even realize how much I had drank until we were walking out because my glass was always full.  Can you say tipsayyyyy??  I slipped as I was stepping on the escalator and cut my arm.  Seriously, only Me!  Yes, I already had a driver for the night because of the words on the menu "Bottomless wine".You really can't beat the outstanding food and service quality for under $96 for two people before tip.On our first ever visit to CPS we had a slight service mishap, which they more than made up for.  Approx a month prior we had booked reservations for an April Friday evening because close friends from out of town were visiting us.  When we arrived we were informed that a group had reserved the entire restaurant for a party and they could no longer honor our reservations.  We were clearly disappointed because no one had taken the time to call us before we got dressed up and drove over with dreams of beefy goodness that can only be derived from Charlie Palmer.  However, they walked us into their sister restaurant in Mandalay Bay, Aureole and told the hostess to comp all of our food because they could not honor our CPS dinner reservations.  Furthermore, they told us that they would take care of our first round of drinks upon our next visit to CPS.  They really did.  They also know us by name and face on every return visit since the mishap on our initial visit.My only minor complaint is that over the past 2 months they stopped offering different wines on the COTW.  Of late they offer the same 2 wines every week: 2009 Chateau Montfort Vouray Demi Sec from Loire Valley & 2008 Universo de Los Andes Malbec from Argentina.  I REALLY  REALLY hope that CPS goes back to varying the COTW wines on a weekly basis.
5	I was here with bunch of friends for a weekend out at the Sin City.  My friend was able to find a deal on a "Cut of the Week" prix fixe menu that was going for about $50 with unlimited wine to boot.  The meal came with bread, salad, and 3 side dishes (including asparagus, potatoes au gratin, sauteed mushrooms) and skirt steak as the meat of the week.  It also included unlimited pairing with 2 selected wines (1 white and 1 red).  Granted I'm not a huge foodie and my palate is not as discerning as some, but the meal was fantastic and even a better value.  The meat portion was huge, but most of us still managed to devour it all, it was so good, perfectly seasoned and cooked med rare.  The side dishes were also very good, though slightly on the salty side.  But $48 at Charlie Palmer??!!  with liquor??  The ambiance is very upscale and service is very attentive, worthy of a high end steak restaurant.  I'd highly recommend this place for a great meal in a cozy, upscale environment which is both suitable for a date or bunch of drunk friends (ok ok you still should at least wear a button-up shirt and have closed toe shoes).
5	I came here for my birthday in August and there is a reason it is located in the Four Seasons. Charlie Palmer is class class class. In a city that has some of the best food in the world, Chalie stands out.I had the surf and turf which gave me some of the best filet mignion and lobster I have ever had in my life. Yes it's very pricey. It's pricier than a lot of the other steakhouses on the strip but it is more classic and less trendy.One thing, please please please do not get drunk and rowdy here. It's not the place. There was a very loud bachelor party next to us and definitely disturbed my quiet birthday meal. I mean I'm paying 100 bucks a plate, can you please not yell "Fucking twat" in the restaurant?The servers were amazing though and apologized profusely. I understand, they were probably making a fortune off those douchebags. At least I got a free dessert and drink out of it.
3	Eh.. not great! I would like to rate this with 2.5 stars, but that is not possible. The service wasn't very good. We got there for an early dinner at 5:30 and were one of two tables in the place. It took about 10 minutes to get menus and then another 10 to get water. The steak was not great at all. I had the surf and turf which is lobster and a filet mignon. The steak was not tender or soft or the way it should have been. The knife to cut it was more dull then my spoon. Either the steak should have been the way I expect an expensive filet mignon to be or the knife should have been super sharp so that I didn't notice. I was basically sawing my steak the whole time. The side of blue cheese fondue was delicious, but it was basically just a TON of blue cheese. We also got the Parmesan gratin and it was basically liquid potato mush. The only thing that was super delicious was the dessert. The Meyer lemon creme brulee was amazing.Our waiter was terrible. He only had our table to help and he kept sitting at the bar and watching some hockey game. I had to wait too many times for my water to be refilled. I will not go back. I expect a meal that cost $280 for two people to be amazing. It was not!
4	The experience I had at Charlie Palmer Steakhouse was an interesting one.I came here on a girls weekend with my aunts and cousins, so that's why it makes this story especially interesting.We arrived in Las Vegas on a Friday night, had reservations for this restaurant, and were super excited to eat here. We had heard great things.We were seated in the back, at a nice large table for the 14 of us. The waiters immediately came to our rescue and asked us what we wanted to drink. The drinks came out PERFECT. I ordered a Long Island Ice Tea. It wasn't too strong and the sweetness of it was perfect.The food was also great. My two cousins and I have super weird allergies... I am allergic to shellfish and some peanuts, one cousin is allergic to anything with gluten, and another cousin is allergic to egg yolk and mustard. I know, you are wondering how the hell we got anything to eat here! Well, the chefs were extremely patient with our allergies, and even brought us gluten free bread!!! The menu is workable to any allergy; you can literally order anything you want on the menu, and they will cater it to your allergy, or even just to your specific taste bud.Overall, I really enjoyed my experience here. They had extremely awesome customer service, and they really made us feel very welcome. It is quite pricey, so bring a few bills with you if you want to go all out... oh! and also, BRING A FLASHLIGHT!!!!!!:)
5	We got the prix fixe menu with wine pairings (scallops, veal chops and pear tart with chocolate). Food was excellent, the scallops were of the best I have ever tasted. They refilled our wine glasses frequently, and our server was nice and attentive.
3	We ate here on December 23rd.  We had been during restaurant week and wanted to come back when the full menu was available.  To start, my wife had the shrimp cocktail and I had the beef tartare.  The shrimp was very good, as was my appetizer.  My wife had the filet with bleu cheese fondue and the lobster tail.  Both were excellently prepared and very good.  The stars of the meal.I had the bone-in ribeye, which was good, but not worth near the $57 it cost.  For sides, we had the mushroom and onion mix (fine, but not outstanding) and the parmesan potatoes au gratin (much better, great flavor).  For dessert, my wife had the lemon cream brulee while I had port.The scotch list was serviceable and the prices were what you would expect to pay on the strip.  The wine list was not as expansive as I would have liked, and didn't have a ton of choices below $100.  They did have a few (about 10 as I recall) choices by the glass.  Expect to pay a decent amount for wine.Overall, the meal was very good, but I have had better from many steakhouses on the strip.  I didn't think it was worth the price.  I didn't get the dry aged porterhouse, and wonder what could have been...
5	One of my favorite steakhouses on the strip. The atmosphere is fabulous and the service is spot on. I started out with the tuna tartare which was incredible and given that this is a steakhouse I always get the filet mignon which was a great cute of meat and prepared perfectly. I also got a side of mashed potatoes and the lobster fried rice. The lobster fried rice is unreal and this is the only place I have ever had lobster fried rice. It is one of my favorite things on the menu and I highly recommend it to anyone who is a fried rice fan. They also have a decent listing of deserts though I did pass on the deserts since I was stuffed at this point. I highly recommend Charlie Palmer. One of the best steakhouses on the strip.
4	Excellent steakhouse!  From the food to the service.  Top notch all around.   I was feeling under the weather, so I opted to share my husbands entree as I just ordered the soup.  He had the 24oz porterhouse and ordered me the lobster add on.  I can't seem to remember what kind of soup I had, but it was similar to a lobster bisque.  Very rich and full of flavor.  His steak was cooked just as ordered, medium rare and tastes just right.  We had the foie gras with seared pears to start off and although it was good,  I preferred BOA's on this dish.  We topped off the dinner with a bottle of Ehler's 08' Merlot.  By the end of the dinner, I was one full, happy camper.
4	Overall, we loved it. The food was delicious. The steaks (filet) we had were delicious, as were the potatoes and mushrooms we had as sides. They did give my wife and I the wrong steaks (I ordered rare and she ordered medium rare - they switched them). They offered to bring us new steaks, which seemed silly, so we just switched. They were super nice about the minor mistake. Awesome atmosphere - classy, but not uptight. The food combined with the atmosphere and quality service made for one of the most enjoyable evenings my wife and I had in a long time. Sommelier was knowledgeable and friendly.
4	Told this was "the best steaks in Vegas" we thought we'd give it a try on our last night in town. Turning up without a reservation was a bit cheeky as this place is always booked out, but after a friendly conversation we were able to secure a nice table for two. The meal was excellent, the wine recommendations both needed and spot on. Overall a very enjoyable experience though I would definitely recommend booking!
3	Good company, Good food, Good service. Somehow just missing something. I can't even put my finger on what it was, but somehow I just wasn't wowed in any way. I really wanted to love it, but it was just a 3.5 star experience and not worth rounding up.  Maybe it is because I'm not a huge steak fan, but nothing really stood out to me.
5	Amazing. Took the groom to be here for a bachelor party dinner and we had the time of our lives.  Kudos to the classy and unparalleled service provided by the entire staff here. It was memorable and everyone had a great time. Since this was the most important event for the groom I was thrilled that everyone enjoyed themselves.The waiter was awesome and helped us work through a dietary restriction/substitution and the Sommelier was great. Would definitely come again. wonderful dinner, great company, great staff, great ambiance.its off the strip a bit but it is 110% worth it.great job charlie palmer. thanks for making my bud's last hurrah a memorable one.
3	Not impressed! We got the tomahawk steak with high expectations. Low and behold it was a huge let down. No seasoning, no flavor. Sides were really good though and the service rocked. Ambience was nice as well. Three stars for the sides and service.
5	This meal was perhaps the best meal ever!  The Parmesan potatoes were heavenly!  I had a delicious ribeye steak - totally mouth watering.We must have had 6 bottles of some of the finest red wine I have ever had - but after 6 bottles I don't remember the name! Highly recommend this place.
1	In my opinion a terrible restaurant.  One of the worst tasting steaks i have tasted, over cooked, they could not even cook the bake potato correctly.  Service was poor, and The manager acted like he could care less. No wonder very few people were eating there the night we dined there.  They are much better restaurants in vegas to eat at
4	We held a business dinner here following a tradeshow at the Mandalay convention center. The service here was top notch and the steaks were perfectly cooked. Exactly what you would expect this type of steakhouse. My coworkers who are a little bit older enjoyed it and were able to talk shop without all the vegas noise.
4	My boyfriend and i checked this place out during restaurant week and even with a limited menu and portion sizes we came out so satisfied with taste and quantity. We enjoyed a surf and turf entree with a ceasar salad and scallop app..plus dessert..the staff was soo attentive and pleasantI would not reccomend this for a family outing with children as the atmosphere is pretty upscale and the intimate booths and tables make it a much better date night or small business meeting place..over all a wonderful experience
5	BEST STEAK DINNER VALUE IN VEGAS, PERIOD!!!  We have been here numerous times to take advantage of the Cut of the Week prix fixe menu.  Every Monday they post a new menu that you can check on their website.  It is three courses with bottomless wine all for $48 a person.  You have to ask for the menu when you are seated at your table.  We are always blown away by the quality of the food.  Your wine glass will never be more than half empty because the attentive staff will refill you before you can even ask.
5	Yup...best filet mignon I've ever had in my life.  Don't need to say much else.Oooo except don't forget the blue cheese fondue.  MMMmmmm.
3	I don't know what it is about fancy steakhouse, but I have yet to find one that I absolutely love. This place by far was probably my least favorite out of all that I have been to so far. I ordered the surf and turf. The lobster was ok. But the filet mignon was completely dry. I had even asked for them to cook it medium, and the meat was no where near pink inside nor was it tender or juicy; it was pretty much well done. The only thing I would say that I did enjoy here was the mashed potatoes and the bruseel sprouts as the sides. But I mean you can never go wrong with adding truffle oil into mashed potatoes, it makes everything 10x better. This place received three stars because the service was excellent, wish I can say the same about their food.
4	L. has been ranting and raving about the "Cut of the week" menu at Charlie Palmer for more than a year... well we finally found ourselves in Vegas at the same time (4th of July week)."Cut of the week" is a prix-fix ($48) menu including a starter, a steak, a couple of sides and dessert (the starter and the steak are each paired with wine - all you care to drink, thank-you-very-much!).My only beef (pardon the pun), was the stuffy service and the condescending maitre-de; other than that it was spectacular.The week we were there, we got the following:A nice lemony salad with shrimp: really good;A filet with maetaki mushrooms: I'm not a huge filet fan but this one was pretty awesome;.A garlic pomme puree: smooth, creamy, garlicky and delicious;Honey glazed baby carrots: tasty, but a little cloying... if i were the chef, I'd add some herbs and/or finish with a squeeze of lime.But, I'm nit-picking... it was a great meal and I really felt I was getting excellent value for the money.
5	Awesome place, love the ambiance. Came here to treat my G/f for her birthday after all my friends said it was THE best steakhouse. Ordered the seafood feast, if I could describe this appetizer in one word......ORGASMIC comes to mind. But be warned we read the menu wrong and its 40 dollars a person and not per order which was fine. For the main course we shared the 24 oz dry aged porterhouse, and the salted hot chiles, Freaking amazing. FYI they do have a 40oz wet aged porterhouse for 2 but that was just way too much food. Server, staff and everyone there was friendly. One plus to all this is that I made the reservation on YELP!!!!!
2	Given the ratings and location of the restaurant, Charlie Palmer Steak is way overrated. The price of the steaks were fair. Wine prices were also fair. Service was so so. The bad part is one of our group of 7 had a steak for 2 -- porterhouse side was very bad. The manager took action immediately and gave them another piece. Furthermore, he proactively sent out 3 more sides. Despite the fact that he tried, steak at $50 a pop should not be bad. If you're heading down this way of the Strip, you're better off at Tender's over at Luxor.
4	I ate at Charlie Palmer with my boyfriend a couple of weeks ago in July on our last night in Vegas for our date night dinner without the rest of the group. We loved it!! We had booked a reservation and planned on having the "cut of the week" prix fixe menu. We were happily surprised to find out that the entree was actually lamb (the description of the prix fixe menu says each week the chef selects a 'unique cut of beef' so we were expecting beef). It was my first time eating lamb so I was happy to try it out. The atmosphere was very nice. I personally love very dark, dimily-lit atmospheres for dinner, and this was the perfect level of subtle lighting that gave it an intimate and warm ambiance. That really has an impact on the whole meal experience for me. The prix fixe meal comes with 'bottomless' wine, a white that comes with the salad, and then a red that comes with the entree. The white that came was a blend of some sort, I can't remember exactly, but I believe something blended with a pinot gris. We definitely liked it. It was refreshing, on the dry side but not overwhelmingly so. I tend to prefer slightly sweeter wines, and I ordered a glass of the Reisling that was available in a glass from another server who was not our main server (in addition to the white) since I thought it would probably be less dry than the white we had. I felt sort of bad ordering a glass of a different white wine in addition to the white that was served to us, so I explained to him that I definitely enjoyed the white we had but also wanted to try their Reisling as well. He was totally understanding of this and didn't act as if it was a stupid request. They also brought a bread basket that had a few different types of warm fresh-tasting bread. Very good, but didn't want to fill up too much and ruin the dinner. The salad was tasty and its presentation was nice. It was basically a round slice cut from a head of iceberg lettuce sitting flat on the plate, dressed with a creamy greek dressing and veggies on top. It had a nice balance of the dressing to crisp veggies and lettuce. Very good palate awakener. The entree was delicious! I loved the lamb! My first time ever trying it and I was very pleased. It was moist and cooked perfectly. The sides were also great! Our sides that night were Israeli couscous and ratatouille. Wow! They were both delicious. The couscous was moist and flavorful and the ratatouille was very flavorful and fresh tasting. The 2 sides complemented eachother very nicely--the creaminess of the couscous with the freshness of the ratatouille. They did bring us the red wine with the entree but I personally can't really handle drinking red wine unless it's organic/sulfite free because of headaches, so I drank very little of it just to try it out. Well, we were both stuffed by the end of the meal and I didn't finish my entree. I probably ate about half the lamb portion and I was FULL. Also, the sides were more than enough to satisfy both of us and there was still some leftover that we just couldn't eat. The dessert was the perfect way to end the meal--it was a tiny but flavor-packed lemon tart with a dollop of frozen greek yogurt. Definitely cleansed the palate and left a sweet but fresh taste in my mouth. Great way to round out a delicious dinner. The food was fab, and the atmosphere made this a meal to remember!! And at the price of $48.00 per person, (*especially in Vegas!*) this was a great value for the quality of the food and service we received! Charlie Palmer definitely delivered!
4	This is just another in the endless stream of high end steakhouses pioneered by Morton, the Palm and so on. But the bar at the front of this place is another story. It's a small space that serves small plates, offers the complete winelist, and is a really cozy place for a light meal at bargain prices. We liked it the first time we visited so much we went back the next night for dinner. Their small plates are a steal for Vegas. For example the four cheese plate with accompaniments was $8, and two Kobe sliders were $10. Compare that to $17 for a Caesar side salad in the restaurant. The ambiance is great, and we had the place almost to ourselves, even though the restaurant was packed.
4	Enjoyed everything;)
2	We were regulars at Charlie Palmers in the 4 Seasons and the "cut of the week menu" at 49.00 per person with wine included is a bargain.  We just went and discovered it is restaurant week and this week the menu is $75.00 with wine included, with $6 per perosn going to 3square food bank.  You would be well advised to wait a week, order the cut of the week and send $10.00 per person to 3 Sqaure.  You will have a better meal and the foodbank will get more.Another point.  We had a glass of champagne at the bar befoe being seated.  They served some rotgut champagne called Paul Roger (a rip off of Pol Roger which is a good wine) and had the nerve to charge$21.00 per glass.  Also, nothing served with it: no chips, nuts, or anything else.  Too bad.  This was one of our favorite places.Mpaulw
4	I like dinning here.when I go to vegas.  Its good for family and its not too crazy or trendy.  I like their steak and lobster.  The only thing i didnt like is that their wine selection and the fact that the waiter is always try to recommend very expensive wine. I love wine but i don't like spending 100-200 for a bottle when they only cost about 30-60 at the market.  I wish they had a cheaper selection of wine so I can enjoy it with my steak.  That's why you have to go eat your family so they can pay for you.  Haha.  But expect 100+ per person with a glass of wine.
4	My gf and I dined here last night as part of our Restaurant Week excursions. I made reservations for 8:15 and upon arrival, we were seated immediately at a cosy booth near the bar. I really liked the seating arrangement for tables for 2. They are like "half-booths" and you are seated right next to your dining partner. Also, our booth was at the wall immediately adjacent to the bar, so I could see the entire restaurant from my seat. Also, I really enjoyed this location because I could hear the soft tunes from the playlist that was being played at the bar - a nice mix of Coldplay, U2, Lana, etc. We were immediately greeted by a waiter who asked for our water preference and brought us the cocktail and wine lists. My gf really wanted a sweet, strawberry flavored cocktail. They didn't have it on the menu, but they had a similar orange creamsicle type beverage. I asked the waiter if the bartender might be able to make something similar with strawberry - he returned within 5 minutes with exactly what we wanted. Another waiter brought us bread and explained the menu to us. I was temped to diverge from the restaurant week menu, but really wanted to try the corn chowder. I had the corn chowder, the only entree option (filet medallions and lobster) and my gf had the caprice to start. All dishes were delicious. We also had garlic spinach and truffle potato gratin. Those dishes were also good - a bit heavy and the potatoes were very "truffle-y" but I was not disappointed. The steak and lobster were cooked perfectly. The filet medallions were not the best cut of meat I have ever had nor the tastiest, but I was satisfied with the way they were cooked and their overall flavor. The side dishes were large and neither of us were able to finish our meal. After dinner, they brought us each dessert which was a small ice cream sandwich looking thing that was kind of peanut-buttery with creme brulee ice cream (tiny scoop) and some chocolate sauce. It was delicious. Small, but delicious. I was already stuffed from dinner. Overall, the service was great. One complaint though is that there were about 4 different waiters coming to our table at different times, so it was difficult to know who was taking care of us. Generally, I prefer one waiter, maybe two, so that it is more of a personal experience. The atmosphere here is wonderful and just the way I like it. Dim lights, classy, and tables spaced far enough away from one another so that you do not feel like everyone can hear your conversation. Really nice meal and I am happy I chose this restaurant. Tip: If you do not want to self-park at Mandalay and then walk the miles it seems to take to get to the Four Seasons, there is a lot just outside of the entrance to the Four Seasons where you can park and then walk up the driveway towards the hotel entrance/valet.
1	Came here for the restaurant week menu because I've heard great things about this restaurant. A friend who went the night before warned us not too go and told us that steak was way too salty and a bit dry and dessert was way too sweet. I thought I would still give it a shot since there are many other great reviews. However, she was absolutely right about this place. I hated my steak and dessert. Soup and salad was the only two things I could eat. Service was just okay.I would not recommend anyone to come for their restaurant week menu. Even though this is supposed to be for charity but the food just was too horrible.
3	The summary of our experience here was great food but not so great service. We had their three course "Cut of the Week" dinner with unlimited wine ($48/person). It was funny because we had heard about the three course from a friend (which was also the reason why we decided to try it), but we probably would have never known otherwise. It's not on the menu and our waiter didn't even mention it, but it really is a great meal at a great price. The only other place it was mentioned was on the board outside the restaurant.We had the endive salad, the hanger steak with corn succotash and mashed potatoes, and a raspberry chocolate dessert. I was really impressed with the salad, steak, and sides (not really a dessert person). Everything was flavorful, well-balanced, and tasty! The only problem was that service was never around even though there were only like four tables! We kept trying to flag down a server and they would just be standing around conversing in the corner. The wine was okay but not spectacular, but at unlimited refills I am not complaining.I'd definitely recommend this place for a meal. The food is excellent (and with unlimited wine to boot!) and memorable, but just be wary of the service (which is why it's a 3 instead of 4).
2	I really wanted to like this place, we are guests in the Four Seasons for an extended stay, I had to leave my family for work and return 3 days later.   Since it was raining when i arrived back in town, and I always wanted to go here, we went to dinner.  There were 3 of us; we all ordered different things.  To be fair, the place is pretty, really pretty, and the staff is nice.  The salads/app's were good, although what they called home made mozzarella cheese tasted store bought, but the heirloom tomatoes were spot on.  My significant other (we'll call him the one who doesn't like to complain) and his niece ordered filets well done, like hockey pucks, so no review there, not fair!  I ordered the porterhouse medium, and asked if it was "plain grilled" without sauce or topping, my preference.  My steak came with this thin mushroom sauce and mushrooms on top, which I like, but didn't expect.   Especially after asking.  The meat was good quality (it should have been, it was expensive, I recall $70) We were too full for dessert.  In summary, I thought this place would be better.  Many other choices, although this was certainly convenient located in the 4 seasons.  Not too pricey for 3, with drinks and apps and dinner, no dessert, about $300 without tip.  If you want plain grilled high quality steak try somewhere else.  If you like sauces, etc, this might be for you.  I would have offered 3 stars but for the experience about asking about steak with no sauce and having it appearing with sauce.  I could have returned it, but, i was too tired from the 5-1/2 hour flight.  Hope this helps.  I would even try again.
3	overall, i wasn't really impressed.the ambience of the restaurant is nice (located in the four seasons), and the service is fantastic, but the food itself was mediocre.my steak was not cooked appropriately, which at a steakhouse of this caliber, is pretty much an epic fail.they did comp a bunch of desserts for us to make up for it, but still.the sides were alright as well. the best one was the parmesan potato gratin.i probably wouldn't return -- if i'm going to pay $$$, i'd likely go to STRIPsteak or another steakhouse.
1	had reservation for 20 that was booked a month earlier. arrived 20 minutes to find out they forgot to set up for us. took 25 minutes to get our drinks, 30 minutes to get our salads. had to go find the staff to take our dinner orders. food was OK but the service was very poor.i would not recommend
5	Definitely 5 star , I had the filet which was perfectly cooked , my husband had the strip but the side dishes were really good, potato gratin, lobster fried rice( with large pieces of lobster) but the staff who were excellent made this a dining experience for us, well worth the price.
5	Went here to celebrate our 10 year wedding anniversary. The best caesar salad ever!!! You won't be disappointed, we thought the salad was some sort of sushi roll. Ordered the filet mignon that was aged 28 days, very tender the wife had surf and turf.  Order the truffle baked potato (twice baked) and it was perfect with the steak. Atmosphere is great, dimly lit and romantic. They knew we were celebrating our anniversary and surprised us with a nice dessert.  Price is pretty standard for an upscale steakhouse and the service was excellent
5	Charlie Palmer exceeded my expectations. I've been eyeing their "Cut of the Week" menu for a while. When we decided we wanted steak, I immediately thought of CP. And when I discovered the $48 3-course prix fixe option included "bottomless" wine pairing, I was sold.In short, everything was fantastic. The ambience was dark and romantic with cozy booths. The service was friendly and attentive without being overbearing. The food, wine pairings, and cocktails were completely on point. We wanted steak and we got tender, juicy steak.The cut of the week changes each week (surprise, surprise). So describing our specific meal wouldn't be all that useful. (And it justifies my laziness). Just know that it's worth the trip down to Four Seasons Las Vegas.
5	Located in  the swanky Four Seasons hotel. Valet your car and within a couple of minutes walk thru the hotel you'll arrive at Charlie Palmer Steak. We had reservations and was seated on time in the plush dinning area.I opted for the fixed cut of the week menu which included bottomless wine pairing and  three course prix fixe dinner. Here's what dinner included:First course -Tuscan Salad Baby arugula, buffalo mozzarella, aged balsamic paired with Pinot grigio Italy 2011Main course -Whole roasted all natural Rib Eye with root veggie and red wine natural sauce. Paired with Atea Evodia Spain 2010Sides: Parmesan potato gratin and white clamshell mushroomsDessert: Chocolate peanut butter bar with dulce de leche ice cream and chocolate sauce.Overall food and service was first class. The male sommelier was very generous with his several pours of wine per course. I really enjoyed the red Evodia Garnacha from Spain which was rich yet smooth and paired excellent with the rib eye. The waiter and his staff were also incredible and the dinning experience at Charlie Palmer was memorable. I would definitely recommend Charlie Palmer Steak.
5	Delcious food, went for a friends birthday party. Great service great ambiance. Just wonderful overall.
3	Greetings fellow yelpers!  I've been on a bit of a hiatus from yelp due to my busy schedule.  However, that doesn't mean that I haven't been eating excellent food for the past couple of months.  So I am back to review some of the restaurants I've been to.The wife decided we should check this joint out and thanks to all of you yelpers, we went for the cut of the week special.  Its 3 courses and bottomless wine pairing.  Pretty good deal for such a high end restaurant.We started out with a salad that was disappointing.  Iceberg lettuce, tomato, beet, and feta? cheese, and a vinagrette.  The salad looked sloppily made and the beets were sliced into these very large chunks.  The wife is a salad lover and she did not finish her plate.  That says it all.  Came with a pinot grigio.The main course was Osso Bucco and it came with sides of haricot verts and polenta.  I thought the Osso Bucco was very tender and flavorful, nice deep rich gravy to with it.  Then the wife gave me a slice of her Osso Bucco.  Tough, dry, lacking in flavor.  Very disappointed that such a highly thought of restaurant could not cook two Osso Bucco the same way.  I was going to give this restaurant a 4 star review but after tasting the wife's Osso Bucco, I docked it a star.  The polenta was nice and creamy and the haricot verts were cooked just perfectly... crisp and clean flavor.  Came with a french blend red.For dessert we had a carrot cheesecake with a coconut lime sorbet on top..... perfect.  Gave it a slight tartiness to go with the creamy cheesecake.As I said, if I had only eaten my own meal I probably would have given it 4 stars but the wife's Osso Bucco was so over cooked that my wife is probably writing her review and giving this joint 2 stars.
3	Went here for my Birthday dinner this year. IT WAS SO GOOD!!!! Really pricey but super yummy. Sad to say I was not overly impressed with the waiter service. It took a really long time to get water and refills even though we had one guy for our table only...Still I had a great time and it was very pleasant.
2	The service was very good, but the food did not seem even close to some of the descriptions here on Yelp. We also found the wine selection lacking.There are many superior restaurants in the same price range (or less) close by.
2	The slots upstairs would have provided a better value than this meal.On a recommendation my wife and I along with some friends chose Charlie Palmer Steakhouse for dinner. We were promptly seated upon arrival at a sizable table for our party of five; however, the chairs were awkwardly arranged and required some uncomfortable shifting and straddling of table legs. The service while friendly seemed to be mildly disorganized to the point of being somewhat intrusive.We were asked four separate times if we needed assistance; however, it is the wine list that needs the help. We found the selection to be extremely lacking and incredibly overpriced even for Vegas. A "budget" Bordeaux at $95 was reluctantly selected and even more reluctantly accepted after tasting. The wine had not spoiled but was by far one of the poorest quality Bordeaux's we have tasted, deep apologies for not remembering the vintner.The table bread may have been the highlight of the evening and I applaud the chef for producing a cornbread that my wife thoroughly enjoyed, she hates cornbread... I will also give a nod to the butternut ravioli soup; it was flavorful and with a rich consistency. Sadly this is where the praise ends.Main course was bone-in rib-eye and the potatoes au gratin. The steak was properly cooked but had the consistency and taste of something one would order from Sizzler. The potatoes were undercooked, overly starchy and lacking in overall taste. When paying for a premium aged steak I expect to be delighted by every bite not struggling to put the meal down to justify the premium price tag. Everyone in our party ordered something different with similar results.Vegas is all about knowing when to walk away and we didn't bother trying the desserts. As hard as it is for me to dislike a steakhouse, I have to strongly recommend against visiting this establishment. For your money you are better off at Morton's or Sinatra (Encore).Good luck!
4	The food was excellent. I had the bone-in ribeye which was cooked perfectly. The service was ok, was expecting top notch which is why it does not get 5 stars. Prepare for an expensive meal...but boy will you enjoy it!
2	Very disappointing.  Wine list was brief, sent my bloody steak back. And they top their potato with parm cheese.  We had two servers and both were missing most of the dinner. I couldn't wait to get out of their and end this dinning experience.  They brought out complementary dessert and while some of my guest were thankful-to me it only prolonged my exit.  I'm a positive easy going person but this experience was poor enough to compel me to warn others.
4	Ummmmm...if I were you, and I had money, I would go here for sure.  I mean they had Kobe beef there ($40 an ounce, 4 oz. minimum).  But the bar was unable to take special orders, and just in general it is very expensive.  On the up side, my non-Kobe steak was cooked at a perfect medium, just the way i like it.  Which is very surprising considering no other steak house has managed to be able to do that.  I would go back....once I am making a lot more money!
1	Don't get it. The steak was great, the staff could have cared less about being there.
1	If I could give 0 star I would. Waygu? I don't think so. It tasted like crap on a plate.  My steak was over cooked and the wait staff did not even come by once asking how our meal was coming along. I would have voiced my concerned right then and there. As I'm writing this post they haven't even come by at all to check up on us. Disappointed. ill go back to Costa Mesa location next time.
4	Restaurant week in Las Vegas. Had Potato Leek Soup garnished with Maine lobster. Claw Sour cream dumpling Jalapeno Crumb. Food runner brings bowl out with garnishes in the bowl and pours soup table side. Great presentation bowl was cold potato soup luke warm. The sour cream dumpling was very flavorful could not taste jalepeno. Maine course : Australian WagyuvStrip Steak Bone Marrow Flan Port wine natural. Omg steak cooked prefect Flan marrow was alsome would like hot food on hot plates and food to be hot when it gets to me. Sides:Delta Aspragus /citrus and Truffled Potato Pave both prefect and the only hot item.Dessert on menu Vanilla scented Mascarpone Carrot Cheesecake Pineapple Rum Ice Cream Carrot Coulis. They where out. So we where given a Chocolate bar. Don't know exact description but it was great well balanced not to sweet love candy peanuts dusted with cocoa powder fudge sauce. Being restaurant week should expect to have more than enough of any product that you have on a special menu. Ourserver AGarza, buser, and food runners did a great job also.the portion sizes would feel anyone and then some.
3	Spring Restaurant Week 2013:This was my second stop on my week of overindulgence and gluttony. Saying that it was a 3 star experience amongst the greatness I experienced this week is not a lose. It was just the attentions to details that brought down the overall rating.The food was decent. It would have been better if there was a little more option and the food coming out hotter. The potato leek soup with lobster and sour cream dumplings had a rich and balanced flavor, but was plagued by its lukewarm service. The proscuitto wrapped heart of romaine lettuce caesar also had this problem... Just kidding. It just was not special. I did enjoy the fresh anchovies filets and the presence of fish in the dressing. It was not drenched in it either, which was nice in contrast to the saltiness of the cured pork.There was no option for entree. I was excited because it boasted a cut of wagyu with truffled potatoes and asparagus. The plates were not hot so the food cooled by the time it hit the tables. The sides were cooked in pans and were piping hot. They were the best part of the meal and came in a generous portion for three. The steak itself did not taste like wagyu. It was on the tougher side and had no presence of marbling to it. At certain spots, it was dry. As for desserts, they ran out of the intended offering and subbed out the peanut butter chocolate bar. It was light and I was thankful because this was the second steakhouse on my trek through Restaurant Week. My friend saw that they offer a beef tasting menu for $120. I am intrigued by this. Just hope the quality will be better than the one set for this event.Another aspect that dragged down our experience was the ambiance. It was all dark with shadows. Nothing popped or made for a great focal point in the restaurant. It all just blended together into a bland atmosphere.
2	It was ok. Went for valentines day, was not happy that they really didn't do anything to give it a valantine feel, I didn't need pink stuff everywhere but maybe some ambience music or something, a lady playing the harp, some music or something... It was a dull vibe, staff was friendly, food was just ok, not up to par for the price... I ordered a well done steak and it came medium at best but it was ok...
5	Great food and ambiance.  Located in the Four Seasons hotel inside the Mandalay.  Everything was prepared very well and there was no rushing as to finish, etc.  We had a few appetizers and the sea food tower was superb.  Wine is wonderful and the Sommelier, Scott is most knowledgable and a very sweet guy.  Highly recommend.
4	I honestly think this is a middling four. It's not a three, but it's maybe a tiny bit weak for a four. Dining with a family member, we split a couple appetizers: their caprese salad and the seared foie gras. The salad was outstanding. Nice, flavorful ripe heirloom tomato halves (not slices, but big meaty halves) paired with some decent mozzarella cheese (needed a little more salt to my taste) balsamic vinegar, and a very nice, slightly bitter, green and fennel root salad. I loved the large tomato chunks, and I'm a sucker for fennel in salad like this. Coupled with a night light dressing, this was a hit. The foie gras on the other hand...wasn't really up to the same standard. It's a nice sized helping of simple seared foie gras, but on top of a pineapple upside-down cake. Seriously. The cake and the liver really do nothing for one another. We each had a bit of the combination, and then just ate the cake, cleansed the palate, and set in on the foie gras. The liver itself was pretty rare, which I guess it OK with me. I think I'd just rather have this in pate rather than ad a whole piece of liver. I don't think we'd order this again. I would say I'm a little disappointed that they didn't have the traditional steak house soups. No lobster bisque? No french onion? Just a spring garlic soup, which yours truly is not ordering when the word garlic is in the name.For main course, each of us had filets, medium rare, with a side of the royal trumpet mushrooms and the bleu cheese fondue. The steaks came out looking very dry - almost cold. Not sizzling, not glistening, nothing. It seemed odd, but they were definitely served on hot plates, weren't cold, and tasted pretty good. I think personally, a little more salt and pepper crust would have been good, but they had good beef flavor and were very tender. I liked the mushrooms as a hearty compliment - very meaty, large mushrooms in a nice brown gravy. And the bleu cheese fondue was very good - mild and creamy, great with the filet. I usually don't get sauces with steaks, wanting them to be able to stand on their own, but this was nice to have. Maybe I'll do it more often.Finally, we opted to skip dessert. Kinda. First there were complimentary little ice cream cookie sandwiches. Which were good. And then, since I had mentioned it was someone's birthday, was a complimentary butterscotch creme brulee, which was quite nice of them. This was actually very good. I wouldn't probably have ordered it myself, but it had great rich butterscotch flavor, silky smooth texture, and a nice burnt (but not too burnt) sugar crust. Very well executed. So I guess we got dessert anyway.Final note - their iced tea is some kind of...mango or fruit flavored tea. It doesn't say this, and they didn't say it, and we didn't ask for it. But it definitely is flavored. Some people like this, some people do not. We...tend not to. That fruit flavor gets really floral in tea. Just be warned if that's not your thing. I'm surprised they didn't say anything or call out that it wasn't standard iced black tea.So do I come back? Wellll...no. Four stars, right? That's good? But in Vegas, my bar is so high, and there are so many other steakhouses and other great restaurants, that if I had to make the choice, I would opt to try something new or duplicate at another spot. This was pretty good, but not good enough to make me want to come back right away at the expense of other spots. But I think it's better than Foundation Room (in the same hotel) if you're looking for a traditional steak.
5	Oh man, what can I say about Charlie Palmer besides WOW, I like to shop around for deals and look for the best bang for my buck well I certainly found it. My wife and i have been coming here for just about any special occasion we have. Charlie Palmer has a 48$ 3 course dinner paired with bottomless Spanish and Chilean wines. We come back constantly just because the cut of the week is always changing, with sides like truffled au gratin, perfect brussels, and the cuts are amazing. My first time I had a 4 diamond filet with a whole half lobster served next to it, the second time an amazing roast, and the third and favorite so far was an Australian Wagyu and finally had the dessert I kept getting promised but they always ran out of, the peanut butter crunch bar. AMAZING is all I have to say
4	Pretty good, but I've had better steak for the price.  Very expensive.  Decent service.
5	Five stars for the  Cut of the Week menu. We had to specifically ask for this menu option, but oh what a deal for $48. The salad entree was slightly underwhelming for this week but everything else--the petite ribeye, sides, wines and dessert were great. And the "petite" ribeye was so generous I almost couldn't finish it all. And it was a spot on medium rate as ordered. Our service was outstanding. We had three different waiters flying around our table always very attentive to any need. Thus, maybe previous complaints about service have been addressed.
5	Came here for the prix fixe dinner with bottomless wine.  The portions were generous, food was flavorful, and the service was outstanding.  The steak was so very tender and the truffle mashed potatoes were to die for.  The chef even came out to check up on our experience at the end of our dinner. Even with so many other great options it'll be diffucult for me not to make a stop at Charlie Palmer steak.
4	Just spent the week in Vegas and had many a few meals to enjoy.Starting off with the service, the service was impeccable.  Very well trained and knowledgeable staff, very easy to just get into a conversation with. Attentive to every detail. Outstanding service.The food:  the caesar salad - was worth having, and I would highly recommend.  There is a twist to their salad, they add some prosciutto to their romaine hearts, and it was pretty awesome to taste.  Big enough to share, or if you are really hungry get your own.The filet was cooked very well. Its on the larger side, so between the main dishes and few sides, you will not leave hungry.  Great wine list, and the bar itself is worth hanging out in for a few hours.  Great drinks.Probably one of the better steak houses to come to in Vegas.
5	Just because it's at the Four Seasons does not mean it's stuffy and pretentious.  Charlie Paler Steak has come into it's own and is now a great steak eatery.  Non steak eaters will not find much to eat (couple of fish dishes, a lobster, chicken breast, rack of lamb).Yes it exudes elegance. Yes the service is steakhouse proper versus steakhouse friendly.  It's steakhouse service that guys would be comfortable bringing their ladies to.  Straight forward steakhouse starters (oysters on the half shell, shellfish platter, prawn cocktail; nothing wrong, nothing stands out.   Excellent American Wagyu tartare with fried quail egg.  Hand cut beef, balanced seasoning.  Very good without being too cloying.  The pan seared foie is inventive.  The traditional sweetness and acidity is provided by a pineapple upside down cake and a strawberry gastrique.  Stunning.Steak mains now impress. The Kagoshima A5, yes A5 filet mignon ($40/oz four ounce minimum).  Eclipses the A4 quality at other top steakhouses.  Simply seared and seasoned with sea salt.  Sublime.  Sweet, clean beef flavor  and it literally melts in your mouth.  Think otoro tuna.  The wet aged USDA Prime charcoal grilled filet is excellent.  Extremely high heat charcoal creates the perfect crust.  The charcoal imparts a good smoky bitterness that elevates the sweetness of the usually boring cut.  Finally the 28 day dry aged porterhouse.  Well trimmed with a more mild umame finish.  Nutty but not much bleu cheese flavor.Sides are steakhouse standard but the standout remains the twice baked truffle potato.  Seriously good eats that adds a deem earthy flavor and richness to any steak.  Why more steakhouses don't make twice baked potato is beyond me.Not calorie counting and wanting to splurge?  Add seared foie or bone marrow to any steak and put it over the top.Tip:  Do check out their prefix menus which include bottomless pour wine pairings.Excellent wine list with many smaller, hard to get producers.  Good selection of pinot noir.  Typical Vegas resort pricing.Kagoshima A5.  Ahhh.
4	THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE CUT OF THE WEEK SPECIAL $48/PPTHE BEST DINNER SPECIAL OF ALL OF LAS VEGAS. WHY? ----- Includes "Bottomless Glass" Wine Pairing -----(Wait so you are telling me I can get tossed and be served by food designed by Charlie Palmer for less than $50/pp? EASY CALL)menu changes weekly. but for you to have a better understanding of it all .. 3 course menu. Appetizer, Entree and Dessert. Restaurant is located in the Four Seasons Hotel near Mandalay Bay. Food is not remarkable but it is classy and sophisticated. Service was impeccable and staff were very attentive. I gave a 4 rating simply for the bottomless wine and deal. Great to take your date to. Grab a reservation early because the restaurant packs up very quickly every night.
1	Worst meal at a steakhouse I've ever had in Vegas. Salad dressing was so bitter and sour that it burned out our taste buds and made me squint.  The steak was grey on one side and charred on the other. Tasted like it was steamed and not cooked consistently. It was not even good enough quality for steak and eggs at Denny's.  Assistant General Manager Adam Curling couldn't even bring himself to apologize and blamed us.  Waiter gave us the bill and then come over three separate times to see if we paid yet. Most attentive he had been all night. Complained to the hostess about the rude manager and she returned saying we already spoke to the General Manager and he didn't want to speak with us again. Will not come back.
5	Such a great deal at an amazing restaurant!!  I went with friends for one of their fixed menus and it was seriously so yummy.  I think that we ended up paying $48/person including bottomless wine with three courses.  We will be back for sure.  :)
2	The food was great. We had a tasty, creative 4 course meal that included a bottomless flight of wines. The service was horrendous. We had 2 waiters who were supposed to work in tandem.... Neither one ever asked if wanted another drink, if we had questions about the menu, EXPLAINED the menu, asked how we were doing, if the meal was OK, etc. I guess each waiter assumed that the other waiter had taken care of these things. They were completely disinterested in us, even after I explained how we felt overlooked and forgotten. Rude and ridiculous. Just awful. There seemed to be a restaurant full of waiters running around looking busy, meanwhile only 1/3 of the tables were full with customers. We had a third waiter who poured the flights of wine with each course. He was nice. My husband and I came here for a much needed romantic night away from our kids. It was an awkward and upsetting dinner. Although we are in our 30's, we look young for our age. Maybe they didn't take us seriously? We were certainly dressed appropriated and definitely had a lot more class than the wait staff did.
5	Only the best bartenders in Las Vegas!  Craig and Tommy will definitely take care of you and can make just about anything you like.  Try the elderflower cosmo or ask about the "Twins' Revenge" if you want something with a surprise kick.  The food is always fantastic, and it's great for a local to go somewhere not in a casino but still on the strip.  Love this place!
4	Love the weekly special menu. I had an exccelent steak, wonderful creme brulee. We usually stay at the Four Season for our anniversary every year but have never eaten here, very sad i missed it all these years....but never again.
5	Had surf and turf here tonight for the first time in the five years we have been customers of Charlie Palmer at the Four Seasons Las Vegas.  I had melt in your mouth filet and delicious lobster tail.  We have never been disappointed by the service or the food quality at CP Vegas.  We sit at the bar, not at a table, because the bartenders - Craig, Thomas, and now Ray - are awesome!  You can't go wrong with a steak at CPLV.  And, if you're feeling adventurous, try the Cut of the Week - three courses for $49 is always a great choice.  Love this place.  We will keep coming back, just like we have for the last five years!
4	Stayed at the 4Seasons last weekend while in Vegas to see the Cirque du Soleil ONE Michael Jackson show- which was fantastic. Since we ran out of time after Valley of Fire hike we made last minute reservation for early dinner before the show. At 5:30pm there were only about 4 tables occupied, the atmosphere and decor are nice, the service was great and the food amazing. Best seared Foie Gras I have had anywhere including France. The venison tartar was amazing as well. Only issue I had was the wine list did not offer many California wines and the restaurant sommelier was not listening to us (the customers) as what like and or normally enjoy and kept on talking about the price as well as "what he likes and what would knock our socks off" frankly not the kind of treatment/language I would expect in a restaurant of this caliber. Next time we will have a shipment from Napa special cellar and this will be a five star experience.
4	Excellent steak. High prices. Lots of weird stuff for appetizers and sides, but it was all pretty good. I know places like this are often pretty dark for the "atmosphere," but this was literally so dark you could hardly see. Oh well, whatever - food was good, so I am happy.
5	Nothing but great things to say about this steakhouse!  Gotta love the stellar service and the great people working here, also the food is amazing!  They do something special with each dish, each and every time, the bar is classic with my pals, Tommy and Craig who just know drinks and know how to have fun. 5star stuff here
4	Unbelievable steaks they were cook perfect temperature awesome and the  service was impeccable. I gave it 4 stars because the spinach had a funny after taste. Everything else was spot on.
2	My friend and I are in town for the Rock n Roll marathon and we're excited to have a great steak dinner the night before our run. Unfortunately we've had better steak at Texas Roadhouse. :-( Our steaks were very dry and didn't have much flavor. For $50 we expected an amazing filet and we're disappointed. It could be we're from Colorado and our expectations of a good steak are higher than your average diner, so I'll give them that. My wine glass had leftover lipstick from a prior diner and they did remedy the situation with comping the wine and our dessert. I do have to say the Brussel sprouts, tagahashi style were awesome...but the fact that the most memorable part of out dinner was Brussel sprouts is quite sad. I'd say skip this one.
4	I love dining here, especially for the prix fixe menu. The staff are professional, prompt, and courteous. I've never experienced a.poorly prepared meal here. The bottomless wine pairings served with each course complement the food and abet pleasing conversationThe one area I would like to see is more input from the staff about the delights on the menu outside the prix fixe.This experience, dollar for dollar, is superlative to most buffets on the Strip.
1	I can't begin to explain how disappointing this experience was.  Let's start with the food.Based on other Yelp reviews, we ordered the fois gras as an appetizer.  It was interesting at best.  I thought the presentation of the fois gras was not very appetizing.  2.5 stars.For the main course, we ordered the bone-in ribeye (we were at a steakhouse!) as well as a salmon dish for our daughter.  The salmon dish was worthy of 3 stars, not bad.  It came out lukewarm, which was okay for my daughter but now other diners would have liked it that way.The rib-eye.  We ordered it medium.  The first one came out medium well plus (if you squinted you could see some pink).  It was the first night of our New Year's Eve vacation so we thought we should have it right.  We sent it back (in hindsight, a mistake).  The second one took a long time and when it came out it was rare (not medium rare...rare).  Just to make this wasn't our bias, we asked the manager to come to the table and asked him what he thought the meat temperature was and he said rare.  By this time, we had already eaten the sides, ate a lot of bread (which was actually very good), so didn't want to have the kitchen attempt #3.  The manager was very understanding and took the entree, as well as the other entree and sides off the bill.  All we ended up paying for was a bottle of wine and the appetizer.The sides we ordered were brussel sprouts and onion rings.  I would give the brussel sprouts 4.5 stars and the onion rings 2 stars (about the level of a fast food restaurant in both appearance and taste).The wine list was not very good.  Only moderate number of selections overall and very few good ones between $75-300.Pretty sad that a upscale steakhouse can't get the meat temperature correct.
1	Probably the most overrated restaurant in Vegas.Over the years I have had disappointing experiences at Charlie Palmers. I am a big fan of the Four Seasons... I have had great vacations at several of their properties. I have never understood why the Las Vegas Four Seasons has continued to maintain its asscoiation with the Charlie Palmer Restaurant... they aren't in the same league.My latest foray was at Thanksgiving. When I learned that my parents made a booking at Charlie Palmers for Thanksgiving diner... I was disappointed. In the past I had several dinners there but was never impressed. About five or six years ago, prior to turning vegan, we had a Thanksgiving diner there and I remembered it as being extremely mediocre... I hadn't been back since. We had a booking for about twelve people. I called the restaurant two days prior to let them know about my families food restrictions... myself, my wife and my two daughters (10 &12 years old) are vegan. At first they said there was no way they could accommodate us and suggested we book somewhere else. Then when the Manager noticed that we would be canceling a group of twelve, she said she would check with the chef to see what he could do. She called back and said they the kitchen could offer us a choice of pasta with vegetables or a risotto for our main courses. I ordered the risotto for my wife and I, and the pasta with vegetables for my daughters.After arriving for dinner... we ended up skipping the first course as their was no vegan option, then we were served a very plain salad. When our main courses arrived we all looked at each other with deep concern. What was presented did not look appealing. Well we all took a few bites... our risotto was flavorless mush... my daughters pasta hardly had any vegetables and was also flavorless. I thought they'd be the easy ones to please... they love pasta.The food that was served was appalling... I have no idea how a chef in a first class restaurant would ever let such poor food leave their kitchen. Needless to say we walked out... we were all starving... so it was off to Yard House down the street. I eat out at numerous upscale restaurants and rarely do I have a problem getting a vegan meal. In fact Steakhouses often provide me with the best options.I do not understand how a supposedely first class restaurant can make a commitment to provide a restricted meal, on Thanksgiving, and then make as little effort as possible to deliver a decent product.Clearly there were red flags going up when I called ahead to make arrangements for our food restrictions... my mistake to not take heed.
5	I am quickly becoming a regular at Charlie Palmer, and for very good reason. The service is top tier ad the food is amazing.I judge a business by how they treat their customers and I can attest that CP values the patrons that walk through their doors. I've been here several times with my girlfriend, and we have always had a pleasant time, with the exception of one off night. I sent a nicely written email to their customer service explaining that the night seemed off in a way and let them know that I would still be coming back regardless. The way they handled that email sets this company apart from so many others.The assistant GM got into contact with me and went above and beyond anything I imagined. Adam's actions on behalf of the company all but assured that CP will have a very long time customer in myself.The food is better than N9NE and the staff is knowledgeable and attentive. If you get a chance to check out Charlie Palmer Steak in Four Seasons, do yourself a favor and go.If you are budget conscious, they have the Michael Jackson Prix Fixe menu with unlimited wine pairing for $49.00 per person or the Cut of the Week with unlimited wine pairing for $48.00 per person. Last weeks cut was a deliciously prepared t-bone, cooked to perfection. I could go spend more than that on alcohol alone anywhere else.This is a great date night spot or a place to get together with friends for delicious food and conversation, but don't take my word for it. Check it out yourself! (anyone catch the Reading Rainbow reference?)
5	Kobe beef is excellent.  This is THE place for a properly prepared kobe steak.  The ambiance is nice, romantic and elegant.  I've always gotten great service.  The sides and appetizers are always delicious.  I love the decadent deserts.  Never a let down.  Always delicious.  My complements to the chef.
4	Great service. Fabulous food.  Wine list needs more half bottles. Wine by the glass is ok.  Very pretty setting and very qui
2	I know fine restaurants and spend a considerable amount of money in them. Ambience was fine and the food was OK. Our steaks were ordered for medium rare + and came to the table bloody rare. They were sent back for additional cooking.The damning negative was the service. I have never had worse service in a restaurant of this supposed caliber. Our waiter totally ignored us while he fawned over the table next to us. We will not return here nor should you  there are many belter steak houses in Vegas.
5	Had the Michael Jackson tribute and my wife had the Cut of the Week. Cost $49 and $48. Both came with endless champagne, salad and desert. Service was great. Great portions. They closed at 10:30p and we were late to our reservation of 9:30p but we never felt rushed.
1	First off, I'm not normally one to complain...I was a server myself before and know how hard it is to put on a "perfect" evening for a large group.  There is no such thing as perfect, nor do I remotely expect it.  What we experienced at Charlie Palmer Steak at the Four Seasons Hotel in Las Vegas however, can only be described as pathetic and insulting.We were there for a Valentines Day wedding party dinner with 27 people, with the bride and groom paying for dinner including a wine/beer/cocktails package for everyone.  We were told there was to be an open bar for 3 hours.  For starters, the wedding couple was surprised to find that the setup they were expecting (a standing/mingling area for drinks/appetizers and a separate sit down table for dinner) was not provided.  Rather there was simply a cramped back room stuffed with a table for 27.  Oh well, moving on.IMO from the appetizers to desert, the staff showed their incredible lack of competence, care and integrity.  Appetizers that never made it down to our side of the table because they didn't distribute them properly (big plates, hard to pass around).  Drink orders (at least 4 requests by my wife and I, and a few from others around us) that went ignored.  Whatever, we took it in stride as we didn't want to complain with the wedding party there - and they did bring wine out a few times during appetizers and the main course.  Small pours however.From there on however, more waiters disappearing without bringing our drink orders.  Not responding to our requests for wine.  Making excuses like, "We're busy preparing the cake, we don't have time to serve wine".  What? With all the servers there, you don't have one guy that can pour wine (after you've ignored our requests and empty glasses for the last 30 minutes)?  I was dumbfounded at the response.  Finally the guy came back around to pour wine...but by the time he made it to my wife and I, he had little left.  He poured about 2 ounces in my glass and then unbelievably poured literally a FEW DRIPS into my wife's glass and then walked off.  NEVER TO RETURN.  From there on, I asked at least 3 times for wine only to have them tell me they'd bring it...when they never did...then ultimately "sorry, no more wine, serving time is over".  What?? It gets better.  Then they start serving the cake...only to apparently run out before serving at least 4 guests.  Again, my wife and I...and the Groom's own Mother!  As they are serving coffee and picking up finished cake plates from people right across from us...it wasn't remotely apparent to them that they left many people unserved for cake and coffee.  I didn't say anything because I was just too disgusted/dumbfounded at that point.  At that point I was just sitting back, watching the carnage unfold.  Finally, another 30 minutes later when we're getting ready to leave (about 9:45pm), the waiter comes over with a bottle of wine and offers me a glass!  What??  After all that, you now offer it??  I promptly told him, no thanks, no longer interested.  I had literally "lost my appetite".In the end, I feel like these guys took attention away from what should have been a more enjoyable wedding dinner party.  IMO, they RIPPED OFF our friends who paid $250 PER HEAD to have an open bar, wine and beer service.  IMO, they added insult to injury with the way they handled things.  This was literally the worst "fine dining" server experience I have ever had and I feel inclined to share this.  I will never step foot in another Charlie Palmer Steak house.  These guys were absolutely terrible.  I strongly urge you to reconsider hosting any dinner parties at this establishment.
3	3 stars for the delicious food and somewhat decent service. I would have given this place 4 stars, if not for the service. The "Cut of the Week" menu is a spectacular deal of $49 for bottomless wine pairing, first course, main course, sides, and dessert. The food is what you would say, a "good bang for your buck." It's quite surprising how good it is for only $49. However, there can be improvement in the service department - staff can be more attentive and less defensive/confrontational about diner's requests. More specifically, when asking to have our steak re-cooked (I asked for medium rare and my dish arrived with much more rare center than expected - it became difficult to cut through and there was quite a bit of bleeding), the server insisted that it was our fault for miscommunication of the cooking style. I did not appreciate having this argument at what seems to be a fine dining establishment, over a small issue of how to cook steak. My boyfriend's father cooks steaks on a daily basis at his restaurant; I think we know the different degrees of steak doneness. Nevertheless, the pricing for the food quality is enough for me to recommend this restaurant for others to check out.
2	I have been coming here for many years on special occasions and bringing guests from out of town. Unfortunately the food quality and service have now been surpassed by many local steakhouses in town. I always have found the women at the front desk cold and unwelcoming but I have always looked past that because of the great food and service. Clearly we were not a priority on this visit. We were stuffed into a corner in the back of the dining room where we were motley forgotten about. Our servers style was that of a sports coach shouting at a team. The ordering of drinks was quite delayed and took a long time between each order. Food arrived about an hour after ordering. Salads and soups were mediocre in flavor and presentation. Steak quality was very chewy and undercooked compared to our past experiences. Sides were soupy and overcooked. The new sommelier was no help in choosing wine as he was too pre-osccupied and also had lost his voice. I miss the former sommelier who was excellent. The server kept doing drive by check-ins and kept forgetting what we asked for throughout the evening. Just not acceptable overall experience for the Four Seasons in my opinion.  Fortunately we are discovering other fantastic steak houses in town with much better food and great service for less money. We are loving Barrymore's, Twin Creeks Happy Hour, Flemings and Silverado Steakhouse!!
2	The food just wasn't that good...plain and simple. For the prices we paid it was a big disappointment. The night before we had eaten down the corridor at the Verandah and had an exceptional dinner with impeccable service. We are in Las Vegas every year on business and I will never go here again. Verandah on the other hand will be seeing me every year.
5	First off- you need to try the Ribeye. Me and my boyfriend went here on thursday. Can't wait to go back. Great service Ivan and Edgar were totally attentive . My glass was never half empty ( or half full) it was always just FULL! had a great time.  Food , more than amazing.  Also you need to get the calamari. And ask for Ivan if you want to have good service ( and a good laugh)
5	Was there this past Tuesday 03/11/14 it was delicious...I had the bone marrow for appetizer, and steak for main course...everything was delicious, Steak  red and juicy just how I like my meat !  , and the service excellent!!!! you can't go wrong with anything on the menu :)
5	Had the Restaurant Week menu along with an order of the oysters. OMG, such fresh, meaty tasting oysters (was told Panko? from Washington) with a fabulous cucumber mignonette. The bread basket had several choices and the cornbread was very moist and delicious with the sweetened butter, and the olive bread was good as well. The first course of pea soup with crab was very fresh and springtimey tasting. The crab itself was a bit too salty but when mixed into the soup, tasted great. Then the burrata and strawberry tomato with balsamic was just scrumptious. Super fresh and creamy burrata, tasty and lightly sweet tomato. Again, the greens on their own  tasted oversalted, but if eaten together with the other components, it was just fine. The Australian wagyu was the most boring part of the meal, the sides of spring vegetables and mashed Aligot potatoes were average, but the Poached Egg/Bone Marrow Fried rice was quite unctuous tasting. The Caramelized White Chocolate Cheesecake with Candied Hazelnuts was just okay. But the oyster, burrata, and the pea soup were such standouts that I will definitely be returning here soon. Oh, and the unlimited wine pairing: while not stellar wines, were good enough that we had a glass and a half of each.
2	Nestled in a deep dark Netherworld cavernous hole somewhere between Mandalay Bay and the I15 Freeway, this little hot spot sure packs a punch, to your wallet.  It also look like my grandmother was the head interior designer.  I've seen better design aesthetics in a Wichita Hometown Buffet.  Dry and Wet aged steaks sounded amazing so we were excited.  When I asked if they were aged in house and found out no, they're aged "somewhere in Arizona" I got a little weary of the $70 Porterhouse and even more weary of the $40/oz Kobe (4 oz minimum and they help you with the math).  The steak was fine otherwise, just fine.  Save your $ for David Burke or a real steak house where they age in house.Every single other item we had was 1 star.  Fois Gras Terrine - I guess I missed the terrine part but to me you don't advertise Hudson Valley Fois Gras and then put a cold hot dog on the table.  Expected a nice piece of seared Fois.  Poor presentation, gross in general.Asparagus Almondine - flavorless logs of cold green mush.Au Gratin potatoes - Rather have Betty Crocker boxed from my mom in 1989. Bone Marrow - cold gelatinous fat This place is clearly accustomed to serving Bubba and Janet Johnston from Columbus Ohio who have never even heard of Wagyu let alone seen it on a menu.  The service was poor (we saw our server once during our meal, I couldn't even find him to complain about the Oscar Meyer Wiener Terrine so we just choked it down instead). Although I will say that in general, I have rarely been blown away by the food in Vegas.  I think the attitude on the strip is, "these people are on vacation from the mid west and don't know a thing about food or service so lets give them mediocre food and overcharge them".I rarely write reviews, this place was just comically overpriced and sadly underwhelming.  Choke job Charlie P!  I expect more for $225/person I guess, but that's just me.
5	This is our go-to destination each year for Las Vegas Restaurant Week, and this visit did not disappoint.This year's menu included chilled pea soup with crab, burrata and tomato salad, Wagyu steak with poached egg/bone marrow fried rice, mashed potatoes and veggies, and white chocolate cheesecake with candied hazelnuts. I loved the soup, which was both delicate and hearty, and the burrata was fresh and tasty. My husband was a huge fan of the fried rice, but because I HATE poached eggs, I took a few small bites and was done. Although we both ordered our steaks medium rare, mine was a little tough. And while I thought the dessert was good, my husband proclaimed it one of the best he's ever eaten -- if only there were a few more of the candied hazelnuts. (Again, I'm not a big fan of cheesecake, so I'm not the best judge.) Although the food was great, the real draw is the unlimited wine pairing. We each had several glasses of the red and a bit of the white. The staff was attentive and not stingy on the refills, which is always a plus when it's "all you can drink."A side note: Although this was a special menu for Restaurant Week, there's a different 3-course "Cut of the Week' each week for $48, and it also includes the unlimited wine pairing. So while we will probably wait until the next Restaurant Week to return to Charlie Palmer Steak, we may be back again for another special occasion. Yum!
3	My husband and I stopped by last week for dinner. We loved the location--we are Vegas locals and the restaurant is tucked away in the Four Seasons, you almost forget you are right downtown. Bar is small but cocktail list is good (classic cocktails) and it has a "local" feel. We were seated quickly and the service all night was excellent. While we enjoyed our meals, the food was on par or slightly below other comparable high end steak restaurants on the strip. My steak was undercooked initially, which was quickly addressed by the staff. While we had a good meal, I think we would only go back for the cut of the week deal ($50/3 courses). If we wanted to order the menu a la carte I would choose another steak place on the strip...
2	My wife and I stumbled upon Charlie Palmer's while staying at the Four Seasons.  We were disappointed in the overall experience.  The atmosphere is good (slow night when we where there), but the dining was not on par with a high end steakhouse.The waiter started off by "un-recommending" an appetizer we asked about.  He said that they were going to take it off the menu due to numerous complaints.The steak was just okay.  My wifes dish was the same, just okay.The drinks were good...  my wifes Martini was nicely done.
5	We are enjoying another first-class meal at CPLV tonight.  We were here on Valentine's Day and enjoyed the prix fixe menu, although it was not our usual fare.  There really isn't any flexibility on very busy nights like Thanksgiving/Valentine's - you order what's on the menu only.  Sorry to those who are no happy with that, but that's part of the restaurant scene in Vegas on one of those nights.  Absolutely zero locals stay home - we are ALL eating out.  Take advantage of the special menus and enjoy!Tonight I had a modified surf n turf with beautiful filet and rock shrimp - wow!  Had a great dinner again, never disappointed.  Several big groups tonight, as with other nights - service there is obviously a little slower but still impeccable, and the food is always great.  Love this place!
4	Very good food right inside the four seasons. A little overpriced but what isn't in  Vegas? I would recommend this joint, and if you go, try ALL the sides! They are all incredible.
5	I love going here. Its very comfortable seating.  The food is always great and the service very attentive.  I will continue enjoying the memories I had created there and keep going back 4 more.
4	I was able to visit Charlie Palmers a couple times on my last trip out to LV and was really happy.  Both times I ordered the "Cut of the week" (different weeks though) and it's by far the best deal you will find in LV.  I won't elaborate on what I ate but the simply seasoned salt and pepper ribeye was delicious and the lemon cheesecake dessert I had on the first visit was absolutely light, tart, sweet, and delicious.  The place could use a facelift but it's still one of my favorites.  Try it.. what's the worst thing that could happen??
5	Our family had a wonderful experience dining at Charlie Palmers in the Four Seasons in Las Vegas.  The food was excellent and service attentive.  Most of us ordered filets and smaller portions were available for the children.  They even made a grilled cheese for our 5 year old, who has a severe nut allergy.  The staff was accommodating and informative regarding food options for our child with the severe nut allergy.  They had recommendations and provided many options.  Overall we would highly recommend dining at Charlie Palmers!
5	Food was great, and service was excellent.  Sides are served family style, and feed at least 2 people with plenty left over.  Quiet, relaxing atmosphere without the nonsense you find in an average casino restaurant.  CPLV is in the Four Seasons, so it is very separate from the Casino of Mandalay Bay and easy to get to without traveling through the crowded slots areas like many other restaurants.
1	Besides the horrendous service and rude employees, the menu prices are very deceiving.   Six ounces of Kobe beef cost us $210.  No where on the menu is it clear that I would be paying $35 an ounce for the meat.  We were stunned.  Not because we couldn't pay but because it wasn't stated before we ordered.  Just as bad, our wine we ordered before our meal didn't come until half way through our meal.  Save your money and stay happy. Go somewhere else to eat.  Not worth you time or money and not an enjoyable place to eat at
4	I have eaten here twice over the last 5 years. I know that's not much but its Vegas and there are hundreds of great restaurants to try so to say that I went back to a particular steakhouse must mean it was that good. This place is located in the four seasons at the end of the strip and is a fine dining experience that is top notch. A warm inviting atmosphere that is truly enhanced by the very friendly, funny and great staff. A beautifully done space that is great for large groups. The food is great, I can not say I have tasted a single thing, from appetizers to deserts, that I have not thought were delectable!  There really isn't much to say...I mean, it is Vegas!! Every place in this town is what you make of it!!
2	If I were to rate this alone for customer service it would be 5 stars. Our group of 15 here were treated like king and queens by the staff so no complaints. On the other hand most of us were not happy with our steaks. Our New York steaks which were medium rare tasted so bland and too dry. Secondly it was way too fatty and could barely be chewed. For the price we have to pay for such a high class establishment their quality or steak should be much much better. I would rank black angus, Outback Steakhouse, and tony Roma Over this place and at more than half the cost.
5	Charlie Palmer Steak House at the Four Seasons is our favorite steakhouse in Las Vegas.  It has in intimate dining room and above all no kitchen in the dining room.  On our last visit which was Saturday night we noticed a delightful improvement in the overall attention with not only our waiter, wine steward but also the manager, Kirk Perry.  He came over to our table at the beginning of our meal and introduced himself to us and said he would be overseeing every aspect of our dining experience. He checked back with us throughout our meal.   Both my husband and I were so impressed with his caring, professionalism  and above all, personal attention to every detail that evening.  It was my husband's 80th birthday and we were so satisfied that we decided to go here for this very special occasion.  The food was elegantly presented, the timing perfect and above all delicious.  We like to take advantage of the Cut of the Week which is a pre-fix menu with wine.  The price at $48. is a bargain.  We get a notice in our E-Mail each Monday so we know what they are offering for this week.  I found out that they also have another pre-fix dinner called Tribute To Michael Jackson for $49.  With that one you have choices with each course.  We look forward to trying that very soon.  If you want to experience an "Old Vegas Steakhouse" definitely give this a try.
2	We came with another couple and were seated in the bar at a table near a TV, for a higher end restaurant sitting people in the bar area takes away from the ambiance and intimate setting that fine dinning experience can offer.  No one wants to be "the one" in a group to say the seating was not appropriate but as a fine dinning establishment you should know better, its at the entrance and the focus is on the hostess table and as you got to watch the comings and goings (and hear-asking where the restrooms are every three minutes).  We had a good time, because this what we do, and the food was great as usual, I never discussed with friends or husband that I thought our seating was inappropriate but reflecting back I know it poor taste on the restaurants side, you pay a lot of money for experience and you cheapened it, it was $600 for four people.
3	The restaurant was very old school but nicely decorated and service was excellent.  The wedge salad was ok but nothing great and the steak was the same.  For the money there are much better steak houses around.
5	I'm a little late getting to this review but...WOWOne of the best steaks I've ever had. The service was awesome as well.I need to plan a trip back just to go to Charlie Palmer's.Sorry my reviews aren't very in-depth.
5	Fabulous! My husband I ate here with our 2 month old. Amazing food and outstanding service. We'll be back for sure!
5	I dined at Charlie Palmer on my recent (and first) visit to Las Vegas. Everything was the food to the service to the atmosphere was excellent. They offer a large menu of different cuts of steak, chicken, and other accompaniments. Each week a "Cut of the Week" menu is available (on request) which includes three courses with bottomless (unlimited) wine pairings for $49. During my visit, a special Michael Jackson tribute menu was also offered (on request) which included a choice of three courses including bottomless wine pairings, also for $49. From the MJ menu, chose the Caesar Salad with bone-in Filet Mignon served with mashed potatoes and a Hazelnut Chocolate Bar dessert. Each course was well presented and tasted excellent. If you are looking for a more affordable steak house experience, ask about the Cut of the Week. You will surely not be disappointed at Charlie Palmer. The restaurant is located in the Four Seasons hotel directly beside the Mandalay Bay.
5	I ordered Halibut and was part of a large group. It was perfectly cooked (a rarity in my opinion). The entire meal was quite delicious. I had a much better meal here than at Aureole.
4	Bring the big bucks.The above statement was when I looked at the menu and prices.  I think the steak I had was one of the better steaks I have eaten.  The cut of meat was a New York Strip.  Very tender and flavorful.  Since everything was ala carte the price really got stupid high with an appetizer, salad, and vegetable.  I would say other than the steak the food was average.  What swings it back up to 4 stars was the perfect service.  Just the type you could expect.
4	Had my wedding reception here. On the menu we had prawn as appetizer, main entrees (chicken, steak, or salmon) and dessert was cheesecake. The food was excellent. I had the salmon and I still think about it to this day. I don't know how regular dining was, but for my reception it was all worth it. Everyone was more than satisfied with their choices.
3	I was hoping this would be a quiet dinner appropriate for an important first meeting. The steak and service were standard at best.  Unfortunately, it was far too loud for a business dinner. The acoustics made it nearly impossible to hear my guests. When we walked out into the quiet Four Seasons lobby it felt like I'd just left a concert, ears ringing.
5	We went to check this venue out on the last day of Restaurant Week so we didnt see the actual menu I cant comment on the prices. We had a wonderful 3 course dinner with wine pairing. We started with a tomato bisque and a salad and both were very nicely presented and very tasteful. The steak was done just right and the creamy corn and potato gratine were very good. The desserts were both yammyyyyy. Overall we had a fabulous experience and the place is very elegant and romantic too.
5	We dined here for our 25th wedding anniversary.  Outstanding in every way!We had the Cut of the Week (hanger steak) and the food was great.Bring a shawl or sweater (for ladies) as the temperature inside the seating area can sometimes be a bit chilly - something the Four Seasons is attempting to address.Great & fast valet service for your car.
5	Easy winner of this years BEST Vegas dinner, and certainly the most expensive.Everything was easy at Charlie Palmer's including our last minute reservation switch from Aureole, our usual BIG dinner at the Mandalay Bay, over to The Four Seasons.SERVICE SERVICE SERVICE. Everything impeccable, also very pricey and the low light doesn't quite hide the pricey. We went with glasses of Prosecco, $15, tasty and found a pinot by the glass that we really liked, Slate?, for $14, otherwise bottles start near a $100 and we had already planned on just EATing here while drinking before and AFTER. HUGE interesting wine list.Our server, Raymond, was very helpful and was having as much fun as we were after awhile as the place started slowing down after 9pm. We had the sweet and sour calamari as an appetizer and it was a very complex with just enough heat to make it really memorable.  We went with the 10 ounce fillet, perfectly medium rare of course and my other half loves pork chops and somehow always gets the best ones, this one was almost 2" thick a Berkshire with Mango-Pineapple Chutney, lovely. I added some of the best french fries I have ever had as a side, along with the HIGHly recommended wild mushrooms with carmelized onions, and a caesar salad. And it was all VERY good. Each mushroom saute is prepared to order and I am going to spend the rest of the year trying to duplicate that recipe. We aren't that big a Desert eaters but we went wild, special occasion, with warm Maple Peach Crisp (scoop of Oatmeal Cookie Ice Cream) and the Lemon Raspberry Creme Brulee, actually that last one was a gift from the restaurant because this was a birthday dinner. Thanks Raymond, also for the extra olive bread.I can certainly recommend this for special occasions or every night if you've got somebody's corporate card. Portions were largeish and we did take home half our dinners as delicious leftovers. I believe there is also a monthly special, "cut of the month" for $49 with a couple of sides and wine that would also be a way to come here a little more often and keep it under $300. You are worth it.
3	We made reservations for our anniversary dinner at this upscale restaurant at the Four Seasons.  We had been there previously several years ago and were very pleased.     This visit was immediately dampened by an unfriendly greeting from the hostess who marched us to a side alcove table away from the main dining room.  Because this area was a little dark they had a big screen video on the wall above our table, which created an unpleasant and garish atmosphere.  We said "no way" and she then showed us to a similarly dismal table for two near the bar with my view being a blank wall, again not in the main dining area.  We were not happy and her only response was "We are bought out tonight and nothing else available".  OK, what was my reservation all about?     After sitting there a moment  the waiter appeared and we said we were getting ready to leave.  He said he would check with the manager.  Within 5 minutes they had cleaned another nice table in the main dining area and we were moved.  All was well again.  I do think it is a lame excuse to say "We are so busy tonight--so many convention reservations--blah, blah, blah".  Hey, you are in the restaurant business; treat all of your customers as friends and guests to be successful.     The food was good with a very expensive wine list--3-4 times mark up as usual. It just seems if you are paying $300 for a dinner for two it should be a great experience.
4	Probably the best meal we had in Vegas.Our group of 9 girls had an early reservation for our first night in town, and we all agreed it was easily the best meal we had in during our four-day stay.  We all ended up doing one of the prix fixe menus because they were an AMAZING deal.  Three courses plus bottomless wine pairings? Yes please!My bone-in filet was cooked perfectly, and the sides were amazing as well. We left the restaurant pleasantly full and ready to start our night.The only service misstep was at the end of the evening. When paying, we asked if it was possible to separate some of the check (annoying I know. We were prepared for a 'no', but wanted to ask anyway).  The server was visibly frustrated and snapped at us "you'll have to give me some time if that's what you want."  We ended up just putting it all on one card as we had a show reservation to make and needed to get out of there.  I understand that it was annoying to the server, but at a restaurant of this caliber I wouldn't expect a server to snap at patrons or show visible annoyance no matter what the request.Overall though, we had a great experience and I'll definitely return the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Great food, great service, very high prices. You'll find Charlie Palmer Steak in the Four Seasons Hotel part of Mandalay Bay, which probably explains why the restaurant is so expensive, even by Las Vegas steak house standards. We ordered two appetizers:Corn chowder, which was delicious, filled with sweet corn, cream, and king crab.Fresh oysters, which were indeed fresh, briny and terrific. For entrees, my wife ordered a filet mignon.  It was cooked and seasoned perfectly and my wife declared that it was one of the best steaks she has ever had.  We've tried many dozens of high-end steak houses around the country and specifically in Las Vegas, so that is saying a lot. I ordered a bone-in dry-aged strip steak, kind of pricey at $54, but also cooked and seasoned perfectly.  Charlie Palmer also has an excellent wine list although the wine prices are exorbitant, but you'll definitely find a good bottle or two on the list.Bring a shawl or wrap if you are sensitive to a draft and cool temperatures.  The Server told us the hotel "upstairs" manages the temp and the restaurant gets the shaft. Nothing can be done to warm things up, apparently. I recommend Charlie Palmer Steak for a special outing.
5	I went here with my husband for a romantic date night and I have not one bad thing to say about this place!! Exquisite food and beyond five star service. I would recommend this place to all my friends!!!
3	We had a great work dinner here.  There were about 20 of us and the staff did a great job timing the courses.  The food was nothing extraordinary.  I ordered the New York strip.  The meat could've used a little more marbling.   The cornbread we got before the salad was the best thing I ate the whole night.  One annoying thing at this place was that the butter was so hard/cold you couldn't use it on the soft bread.  Get with it.
5	A not so secret secret for the value drive consumer- Charlie Palmer offers 3 course menus with wine pairing for $48 and $49. Live Jazz Mondays.
4	I thought Charlie Palmer's was great, but I didn't think it blew me out of the water like this is the place I need to go to for some delicious meat. We were seated at a small table. Luckily my husband asked to move so that we could easily enjoy our meal with all the elbow room needed. We started off with the oysters and tuna tartar. Everything was on point and I could have had another half dozen oysters easily. They put just enough salt on the oysters to give it enough flavor. Tuna tartar was great! No stringy bits and it went down pretty smoothly. I wanted the surf and turf and that is what I got. My filet was pretty dang tender at medium rare and the lobster was good. The ritz cracker stuffing with the lobster wasn't my favorite though. It was really salty. My husband requested his steak to be medium rare as well but it looked like medium well to me. He didn't want to send it back and it was gone by the time I finished so I assumed he enjoyed it somewhat.  The Parmesan potatoes were a bit of a disappointment. It looked delish but the lack of seasoning was a turn off. It just tasted like mashed potatoes with no flavoring and a cheese crust on top. The artichokes were ok. It was nothing worth yelping about. I asked my husband how the sausage tasted in the artichoke and he said that I wouldn't  have enjoyed it. It looked like Vienna sausages from a can. The s'mores bar was on the cut of the week menu (which is neat and budget friendly). I asked for that and they made it happen. It wasn't overly sweet and pretty good. The cookie ice cream sandwich was alright. I love soft cookies and I know hard cookies work well with ice cream sandwiches. Overall service was good. It did take some time for them to pick up my check but they have a lot of people working there. I am just not sure I would choose CP as my go to steakhouse. PS. The Pom martini was delish!
4	Great steaks, off the beaten path of the casino I really like this place.  They have one of the little additions I have not found elsewhere and am addicted to whipped horseradish. It has a unique sweet, light, tart taste all at once perfect compliment to the flavorful perfectly cooked steaks. I was disappointed in the service on this visit we dined late not seated till about 09:30 and as we were done our large party was waiting and waiting for anyone to come close enough to get the check.   The staff present were more interested in polishing glasses and cleaning than making sure we were taken care of.  All in the service was the weak point all night making what should have been a five star review based solely on the food a four.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my experience with Charlie Palmer Steak. The ambiance was modern, chic and very stylish. The clientele fit the surroundings for a high end luxury restaurant. And the live jazz/dinner music was such a delight to listen to during our meal. However, everything was delicious up until the steak arrived. The salad was blend of Oak Lettuce, Crunch Grapes & Camembert cheese which was paired with a fantastic Moscato (and I don't really care for white wine). I ordered the NY Strip rare because I love the flavor or the meat, but it was a bit tough. In fact, so much so that it was hard to cut through with their steak knife. My jaw was left aching after my meal and although the meat tasted savory the work it took to eat it took away some of the enjoyment of eating the steak. The Pecan pie with Caramel Ice cream was so delicious and a great way to end our meal. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone who would like to see how the other half live, just don't expect to be blown out of the water.
4	Charlie Palmers is your classic traditional steakhouse that you can't go wrong with. The restaurant has simple neutral colored decor but still elegant. It is a little romantic with its dimmed lights and red accents. Comparable in price to all steakhouses in Vegas but just tucked away a bit because Four Seasons does not have a casino. Little foot traffic is always good for convenience though! I had the Bibb Salad. Filet Mignon, sides galore, and Hazelnut Bar. The salad was tasty. Again, clean simple flavors. Appropriate portion. The Filet was good. It was cooked very well. I wouldn't say it was the best steak I ever had but the sides made up for that. Of the sides we got I recommend the mushrooms, whipped potato or au gratin (BOTH Great), and haricot verts! To end the night, I had the hazelnut bar with was delicious. It was so good and although it is about the size of a snicker bar I think it's perfect for two. So overall go to Charlie Palmers if you want a classic steakhouse, especially if you are a picky eater. Service was good and location is nice and secluded.
5	Eating by myself and I sat the bar and service was excellent. I was tired of steak and got the chicken recommended by the bartender. Started with squash soup with coconut foam, and calamari. All surprisingly good. Pricey. The dining room is very dark so bring your headlamps. Located in the Four Seasons. FYI pass on the prawns, shrimp are shrimp. Lot of regulars here.
4	Best food and service we've ever had.  This was our second trip for Thanksgiving dinner at Charlie Palmer.The price?  Ouch.  Worth it?  Absolutely.  The food is outstanding (best steaks ever), the service is fantastic, the atmosphere the way I like it...dark and mostly quiet.  We even had a problem with a service lapse and they tripped over each other apologizing.  My only beef, and the only reason I don't give it five stars, is that the atmosphere is slightly spoiled by a bar tucked in by the entrance with a flat screen blasting light and noise into an otherwise perfect dining setting.Get rid of the stupid sports bar nonsense, and Charlie Palmer would be perfect.
