5	I agree completely with the previous reviewer.  This place is not too far to drive and service is always quite fast.  I went to a different place today but was unable to find where they advertised it to be.Then, I knew I should have just done what I've done for a few years.  I headed to Fort Apache, drove right in, and was on my way in about 5 minutes.The registration process is done.
5	This place is great - in and out in minutes. Also one of the cheaper smogs in the area. Get a coupon from their site and only pay $18, good deal. It is a pretty small place and can be easily missed at first if you're not paying attention so be on the look out.
4	These guys didn't honor the coupon for two dollars less than competitor. Pointed out that management reserves the right to modify at any time. Although I got in and out in five minutes. Also had me sign that I agreed to a one dollar surcharge for using a credit card. He reversed the charge on the invoice. Little bit shady on the marketing.
5	Been coming here since I moved back to the Summerlin area. The tech that works here, I believe his name is Kevin, is always super friendly. He gets you in and out in less than five minutes. $22.99 for a smog check. I don't think I've ever paid that much, but hey it's convenient being only five minutes away from the house.
5	Okay, I can't say enough about this place!I myself found it on Yelp weighing in the positive reviews vs. how many vs. location and made my decision out of the other local smog stations.I was able to drive right up...it was about 4 PM at this point... Kevin hooked me up to his computer right away. Thank goodness my lil' altima passed smog (yay!) but Kevin was very nice about answering any questions, he made sure to tell me that I would need to drive thru the "vehicle VIN inspection" before proceeding at DMV and that it was free. He also honored a coupon via the Smog Busters website that I pulled up right on my iPhone. We even joked that these days who even owns a printer?If you need a smog check locally...and want to be in & out in 5 minutes or less, go here. Trustworthy and reliable.
5	I could not recommend these places enough. I went to the Smog Busters off of Rainbow/Russell, and I was in and out within five minutes. The guy there was super friendly, professional, and courteous. Definitely will be back again next year. It's only $20, or $17.99 with the online coupon from their website.
5	I came here strictly based on the reviews. I was a bit skeptical about any inspection station after recently being scammed in Los Angeles at Pep Boys Smog inspection by passing all my emissions (which are way more strict than NV) and then informing me that I didn't pass all checks due to my engine light coming on. That's funny because it was never on before I came here and my vehicle is like new. Miraculously after I turned down their $139 evaluation to tell me what was wrong and hit me up with other made up costs, the light went off after a day. I found out I'm not the first person to encounter this. I feel bad for people who are not mechanically inclined and would believe this crap. I know you can send false codes to your car's computer to illuminate the check engine. After 30 plus miles, your vehicle's computer will refresh any false information. Now you see my anxiety to bring my other car in Las Vegas that was never smog tested before with this recent chain of events. Well thank you Yelp and the people who take the time to leave honest reviews. This place was quick (not like the 45 mins at the Pep Boy scam), very friendly attendant and the passing grade. I recommend this business just the same as the other 7 Yelp reviewers did. Just be prepared if you go somewhere with bad reviews like I did at Pep Boys just because they were open late and close to my house. Drive a little and feel confident.
5	Kinda funny giving a smog place 5 stars but they were very friendly and fast. Showed him their website coupon on my phone and they gladly accepted that.
5	I am so in love with this location. Coming from Florida where smogs aren't required, it is such a relief to find a friendly location. Where customer service is excellent.I came here on my lunch break with only 1 hours to spare.My battery died this morning, so I was pretty sure that it was not going to pass nor fail.Sure enough it didn't.The smog tech Alex is awesome. He told me to go drive around for 30 minutes to warm up the system properly.Sure enough I came back and I passed my smog..
5	Very easy smog check. Print the coupon off their website for a few bucks off. They do charge a $1.00 convenience fee to use a credit card, so bring cash if you don't feel like paying the extra buck. Overall there was no wait, took 5-10 minutes, and the attendant was friendly.
5	First smog check successful! Very fast, friendly and somewhat cheaper than some places I've heard.
5	This place is always quick and efficient.  Usually there is no wait, save one car in front of you.The price isn't bad too and the location is convenient.  Located just North of 215 and  S. Fort Apache.  It is literally a tiny little shack on the West side of Fort Apache in the same corner of the Shell Station.You can find a coupon on their website and print it out to save some money.
5	I loved these guys! Super easy location, fast service, and not shy on smiling! There was hardly a line. I think I waited about 5 minutes during the lunch hour crunch.I got an online coupon through their website. It was additionally nice that they didn't ask me to open the hood. I realize I'm fully capable of doing that myself, but if I'm paying you for a service, I'd like you to do all of it.
