4	Wow, I met some friends over here in Mesa and was pleasantly surprised with this shopping center! Living in Scottsdale we have a few nice outdoor shopping areas and was excited to see this one out here in Mesa. The mall itself seems pretty small, but there is still plenty to do and its well kept. I love that they have an AJ's in the middle of the layout (I'm not sure why, but I appreciate that...weird). There are lots of food choices from RA sushi to Five Guys to Bucca di Beppo.  I could use a little more clothing store options, but love that there is Anthropologie and White House Black Market. Also, the parking is fantastic with spaces big enough to actually fit your care (take note Kierland Commons!).
4	A pleasant exception to the other strip malls in Arizona, feels more like an oasis with a large central fountain and Palm trees that hide the otherwise typical facades.  The buildings are a little fancier and more uniform in presentation, parking lot is ample enough, nicer mix of businesses for various needs.   Great Barnes and Nobles
2	Why? Whyyyyy...can't people drive in this shopping plaza? The only time you stop is at the stop signs, otherwise do not stop!!
4	Great plaza with eclectic mix of shops and eateries. Wedding Band and Gold Gallery is where we got our unique wedding bands (love their staff) and we're at AJ's Fine Foods every day or so.
4	This is a pretty nice shopping area, I don't live to far from it and I enjoy going over there on weekends. There's defiantly good eating places over here and it's a mixture of foods. Not many stores like a mall or anything but there are some good ones like Kirklands and Bath and Body Works. If you don't live close by, it is defiantly worth a drive to check it out
4	I really like Dana Park, although it has trees and a fountain is not really a park and I haven't got a clue who Dana is. It is the best and closest shopping center to where we live. It has several of our favorite things, the best yogurt from Yogurtland, Barnes and Noble bookstore where we browse and read, AJ's Fine foods with their tasty treats, Panda Express for oodles of noodles, and Sprint for our phones. There areso many different shopping stops like Bath and Bodyworks, White House Black Market, Chicos, Z-Gallery, probably more. It's definitely filled with choices of food galore, Pei Wei, Sauce, Ra Sushi, TQLA and Paradise Bakery,  there's even Orange Theory Gym located there too. You'll love Dana Park there's so much to eat, see and do!
4	My family likes to come here to walk around and bounce from shop to shop.  I pretty much just come for the food.  It's a nice shopping center though.  Always clean and the grounds are maintained well.  The fountains and Christmas lights are a nice touch.
5	So many wonderful things to see and shop for. Water fountains every where. Collection of birds everywhere.  So cool.
