3	For convenient take-out chinese, this place is the bomb. My judge of Chinese take-out depends on the quality of their hot & sour soup. This soup is lovely with big chunks of tofu and little mushrooms floating throughout it - though I'd prefer some more exotic mushrooms thrown in too. Overall, this place has quick service and throws in lots of big chunks of fresh vegetables. When's the last time you had vegetable fried rice with chunks of bell pepper, broccoli, pea pods, and onion. The Kung Pao chicken could be spicier but next time I'll ask. The Allentown neighborhood of  No. 1 China House is its major detractor. I'd be concerned about safety heading up there at night. For delivery, however, you'll get all your basics quickly and be happy with your order.
3	its your typical run of the mill Chinese take out...but i must say, between 3 moves around the immediate south and a name change (theyre now ABC Garden) i've stuck with these guys. never had a disappointing encounter with them, even with the constant delivery staff changes. Their all day combos have a huge amount of food and theyre only about $8. Also, I prefer my lo mein with sauce only, and they don't have any problems accommodating. anyone else i order from always seems to have an issue and gives me the gross vegetables too. these little points along with quick delivery makes them my go-to when i need a quick noodle fix.
3	The name is ABC Garden and this is the best Chinese food I've had in Pittsburgh.  This place completely satisfies my Chinese food craving when I want that balance between fried deliciousness and fresh ingredients.  The neighborhood is kinda dodgy but since they deliver (and quick, i might add), there is no need to tread into Sketchville to pick up the delectable Chinese offerings.   Also, there are free extras when you order $20 or more (such as a 2 liter of Pepsi).Update:  Much to my great sadness and disappointment, I have had to stop patronizing this establishment due to the extremely rude and unprofessional man they hired to answer the phone.  We tolerated it the first few times, even got a laugh out of the fact that he actually dropped the F bomb a few times while taking our order.   But when he became hostile and irate with me on a recent order, it was all over.  He started like he always does by laughing at our street name and having me spell it 5 times, then interrupted the order without excusing himself to set down the phone and yell at some children I heard in the background, then he argued with me about what the menu in my hand said, telling me I was wrong and it said something different.  He was aggressive, frustrated, impatient and clearly has some psychological problems.    I had to make the painful decision to give up this place in spite of the lovely fresh vegetables and tofu cooked to perfection.  :(  I'm trying No. 1 Kitchen on Brownsville instead.
2	Well, the delivery was fast at least. Everything else was yucky. Avoid!
