5	To me Chop Chop fills quite a unique space in the Edinburgh Chinese restaurant scene. Rather than breaking he wide ranging menu in starters and main courses it offers most dishes in both small and large portions. This lets you choose a much wider variety of dishes. In true asian style these are delivered to your table as an when they are ready so. It makes for a great group eating experience as everyone just tucks into whatever turns up next. Dumplings are a speciality and come either fried or steamed. Each of these comes in several different combinations of meat and veg. The staff will happily show you how to mix up your own dumpling dipping sauce from soy sauce, vinegar, chilli an garlic but you can probably figure out how to do it yourself. My last visit with work colleagues had us eating four kinds of dumplings, spare ribs, chicken wings, fish balls in chilli sauce, glass noodle salad, sliced beef with garlic and spring onions and spicy noodles. There wasn't a bit of food left on the table when we were done. Chop Chop's reputation seems to be growing steadily judging by how busy it was when we visited on a Tuesday night. As their advertising caption says..Can a Billion People be wrong?
5	Aubergine. It's one of those vegetables that I've struggled with in my life. I always wanted to like it but so often it just tasted of nothingness. Mushy, bland nothingness. I might still feel like this if it wasn't for Chop Chop. Aubergine has never tasted this good. Doused in fresh garlic and Chinese spices, Chop Chop does Aubergine like no one else. And it's not just vegetables that this restaurant does well- dumplings are phenomenal and the ribs sticky, sweet and melt in the mouth. Chop Chop is not your run of the mill, Chicken chow mein-MSG, Chinese restaurant, in my opinion it is the best in Edinburgh.However, you might not get this impression from the outside of this place. Painted red and yellow, garish might almost be too kind a description. Inside the strip lighting and plastic tables make it feel a bit like a canteen. This odd approach to interior design might not be to everyone's tastes but trust me, it's worth it. The staff are lovely. There's rarely a long wait for food and a great selection of Chinese beers. Chop Chop gets top marks!
5	I ate here before Gordon Ramsey came and made them famous and shouted praises from the heavens. You will not find a better Chinese restaurant in the city, no, the country!The food, if you can get a table, is remarkable. Get the Beef Noodle soup and your tongue will thank you. They could have so easily bumped the prices after all the fanfare, but its great to see they're sticking to the moderate prices.The only problem is that every Chinese you'll have until the end of your days will pale in comparison.
4	We all remember this place from Gordon Ramsay's programme, right? But do you also remember that it didn't win? No? Well it didn't. Lets just remind ouselves of that.It's obviously done very well for itself following the TV debut, and people are flocking to this place to try this amazing chinese food. Yeah it's really delicious, but I worry that it's becoming a victim of its own success. It has put the prices up and the food is becoming a bit dull to be honest.The dumplings are amazing though - you can't deny that. Simply delicious!!If the prices were  a bit lower and maybe a special every week, it would get itself out of the lul its found itself in.
5	I first visited Chop Chop with my Kung Fu school for Chinese New Year celebrations. We had the banquet which turned out to be fantastic. They kept bringing food out as long as we were hungry (which given my school meant quite a while). It was a really wonderful evening of great food and service. A perfect place to spend Chinese New Year.I can't comment on the Gordon Ramsey thing because I know nothing about it and didn't visit it before it was apparently aired. Either way my first experience there and my visits since have all been great. The basic idea of Chop Chop is to try first hand real Chinese food, in a traditional manner, ordering several small dishes which are brought to you as and when they are ready. This really is a far cry from your usual greasy takeaway. Equally, expect to pay a little more. But when you take into account the quality in comparison, it is more than worth it (it averages out to usually around average to just above average for Edinburgh).I should also add that as a vegetarian there was plenty for me to choose from, and at that first banquet they went out of their way to ensure there was an equal amount of dishes to try. I found their vegetarian dumplings a little strange at first, but ever since I've started craving them. I also agree Evelyn's comment on the aubergine!  I should add that the staff are really friendly and if you've never been before they will help you with the menu and give you any advice you might need.A fantastic Chinese restaurant where you can experience some great  Asian cuisine in a traditional manner.Oh but do book early! This place can get heaving!
4	So with a reputation of being the best Chinese in the country, I wonder why it just took me so long to going there.We came here as a mid week treat for the business lunch deal. 7.50 of your pounds for two (small starters) one dumpling dish and a noodle or soup dish. Even though we were a bit taken aback from the portions, all these combined are fairly filling!(my memory with names is appalling, but bare with me all of these are listed on the business menu)Chop Chop has a cheapish looking interior but their food does not lack quality in any way. From the starters I would not order the meat ones again, but definitely go for the salad one .As for the dumplings.... they were very good and  I really wanted more! You know the feeling when you get to the bottom of your favourite bag of chips but you are forever hopeful and keep scraping up the crumbs? Well dumpling don't leave crumbs (unless you suck at chopsticks like myself) As for the noodles, don't bother with the peanut sauce one, it was lacking something and sort of felt like melted peanut butter on noodles with that extra crunch if you get my gist. The service was very efficient and friendly and we were pleased when they actually brought a jug of water to the table rather than doing the one-glass-at-a-time method which frankly I do not understand. My only small complaint is that we kept getting a different person serving us or coming up to us, sometimes two people coming and asking us if we liked our food within the space of two minutes. Some may read this as keen and helpful. Others as annoying. I will leave that choice to you!Overall, my feeling towards Chop Chop is to visit it again for something other than the business lunch. Hopefully sooner rather than later. I don't know if it is the best Chinese in the country but it was tasty enough for me to go back!
3	The dumpling was surprisingly delicious, but the lo mein noodle was unimpressive.  Will give another entree a try next time, but the menu doesn't have as many varieties as others.  Servers were great.
4	We came back for dinner this time- it's the beansprout salad that rocks our socks. The northern style beef was yummy too and the staff as always were very friendly. Luckily we had a voucher cause it's not the cheapest of places and we (the boyfriend especially) needed two mains to start feeling a bit more full.Will be coming back again though!
3	I'm really torn with Chop Chop having been a number of times.I love the idea ... it's a very different type of chinese food to most other restaurants, however, I often leave not being completely sure who much I enjoyed the food.It's very original but maybe could do with a facelift.
3	Chop Chop has been a long time coming. Having heard Chris M wax lyrical for it for many moons now, it was starting to gain cult status. So when he, the lovely Miss Emma-Lou and I had chance to dine here, I felt just a wee bit excited.It's fairly underwhelming (or perhaps overwhelmingly yellow!) from the outside and the inside is very basic. Lots of tables all laid out in a large open room, but note the many people sitting at all these tables chatting, eating and sounding very satisfied. It has charm.Chris M guided Em and I through the menu, and following his lead we ordered lots of wee things. Let's see, there was beef and chili dumplings, veggie dumplings, ribs, lamb with cumin seed, chili green beans, aubergine, squid and a large rice. I *think* that was it. We ate it all, nom.I admitted to Chris before we ate that Chinese isn't my favourite cuisine. If I'm going Eastern I prefer Thai. But I also admitted it's because I don't like British Chinese incantations of the cuisine. Chop Chop definitely delivers something different to the norm of MSG fuelled sauces. But I wouldn't say it's traditional Chinese either. I guess a healthier, fresher take on British folks idea of Chinese food.The food was nice, like I said, we ate it all. But the quality wasn't perhaps *the* best. The ribs were quite tasty, although very small and often had big chunks of fat on them. But hey, they're ribs. The lamb with cumin seeds was quite nice as the cumin seeds are just delicious, but the meat a little dry. The green beans were very good, the aubergine nice although perhaps a little oily. All of the veg and squid was garnished with chili and ginger which went a long way to helping me enjoy the meal. I love fresh ginger, so that was super yum.As far as Chinese goes, I did really enjoy it and if I wanted Chinese again I'd come back here. Thing is, Chinese isn't my be-all-and-end-all choice and the quality of the meat here whilst it wasn't bad, and the food was satisfying, it wasn't AS good as I thought it could be. I have one or two other restaurants in mind that do similar food types (meats, fish with stir-fried veg - again mainly Thai) to a much higher standard. But then, Chop Chop isn't trying to be fine dining. I think for a family meal, a meal with friends, for that quick and simple yet satisfying Chinese meal, Chop Chop ticks the boxes. It's only 3 stars from me because I can't see myself rushing back time and time again. At least that means Chris will get more ribs to himself next time though!
4	When I was a little girl and I was lagging behind, my mother would often say to me, 'Chop chop!' Basically in my book it meant to hurry up. Well, hurry up and get yourselves here because Chop Chop's a treat worth rushing to.It's food served the way I love, in little sharing portions so everyone can have a try. The menu is a bible of epic proportions, so ensure to get an experienced friend to help you out, like mine and Jenny L's compadre Chris M. That doesn't mean he's available to hire for these sorts of things. He's *our* friend. Anyway, the sheer variety means that veggies or pescetarians like myself are amply catered for, and there's plenty for the carnivores to dig their teeth into as well.Decor-wise (and bathroom-wise) it might be a little rough around the edges, but it reminded me of Mien Tay in London in that respect, adding to the character and atmosphere. Plus the prices really are reasonable. Just like San Francisco changed my opinion on cauliflower, Chop Chop made me fall in love with aubergine all over again. Get involved, quick sharp, chop chop!
3	Chop Chop has a huge following in Edinburgh, and is one of those places it's cool to like. It's bright yellow on the outside, the layout inside and decor is dated and somewhat...lacking, but the food is what people go for.I'm really not a convert. Don't get me wrong, the food was ok. But just ok (apart from some stand out dishes). The staff are all very friendly and well-meaning and you can see they're trying their hardest to please, asking several times if everything is ok, smiling a lot, and with a very pleasant floor manager.And I have experienced in the past, in different Chinese or Japanese restaurants (the big one being Wagamama) when they bring your food out at different times as and when it's ready - for freshness. Fair dos. But not so fair when the waiting time between one main course and another is 30 minutes. By which point the big boiled rice and veggie sides had gone cold. 10 minutes max between main courses is acceptable if the food is really worth it and super fresh.This was the next yelper dinner nom-spot, so of course a good night was had. Great banter as always, and high fives to all of us who made it out despite the torrential never-ending rain.We ordered a main each and quite a few sides. Boiled chicken dumplings, friend pork and sage dumplings, green beans with chilli, aubergine, and I had the squid, whilst others had chicken with peanuts, pork belly, tilipia fish and spicy beef.My favourite out of all of them was the spicy beef. A good sized portion, melt-in-the-mouth tender beef with nice flavour. Both the tilipia fish and the pork came in a really thick sweet sauce which was nice but quite heavy. The green beans with chili were also really great, and the aubergine was so soft but both were quite oily - well very oily. My squid was ok too, I ordered it as I was told the tilipia fish would take 50 minutes - but then Andrew's came out with the rest of ours so I was a bit disappointed. It's cut to look like little bits of penne pasta - weird. But still, nom. And a good portion. A few things I do like. They have a lot of fresh ginger and vegetables throughout all the veg and meat dishes. Adds a bit of flavour.If I were asked if I wanted to go back - probably not in a hurry. Were friends dining here again Id certainly join them but I wouldn't look forward to it with relish. The service was so well-meaning but just a little all over the place, and the waiting time between different dishes pushed it just a little too far.Also, Chinese isn't my favourite cuisine so I guess that does taint it slightly. Perhaps lovers of Chinese food (as some of the other high raters may be) might like it better? Just make sure you're patient!
3	I was here last night with a gathering of Yelpers.We all arrived starving and sodden and were eager to tuck into the goodness we'd been hearing so much about.After perusing the menu for what the wait staff clearly thought was a ridiculous amount of time -they tried to take our orders a number of times - we finally decided on a number of dishes.  We each ordered a main, and then chose some veggie and dumpling sides to go with our rice.  One member of our group ordered a fish dish which apparently takes "up to 50 minutes to prepare"  50 minutes for fish?  Seriously?  Well, we weren't bothered to just went with it.  It was one of the first mains to come out.  Soooooo when you say "up to 50 minutes" you mean, "if we wait 35 minutes to start cooking it, then it could take 50 minutes"In any case, we were all very keen on our starters.  I absolutely loved the green beans which had the most magically amazing seasoning on them.  I have to admit that I ate most of the order.  Oops.  The dumplings were very tasty as well.  The mains, though, kind of let me down.  I had spicy beef which was nice but the flavour got pretty old and boring after a few bites.  I literally just ate half of it and became too uninterested to eat the rest.  If I'm sitting in front of amazing food, I'll stuff myself until I feel unwell, but while I liked the beef, let's just say I wouldn't order it again.I tried Jenny L's squid which had an ok flavour but I thought it was a bit overdone because it was tough and bordering on rubbery.  I think that Chinese food is meant to be eaten family style.  Yes we all shared our food, but it was more of a "would you like to try what I ordered" kind of scenario.On top of the food, I felt the staff were a bit disjointed.  They were all very nice, but I get tired of being interrupted several times during my meal, and I'm not keen on being visited by four different staff members all asking the same thing.  I would definitely give Chop Chop another chance if a dinner was organized, because the food does have some serious tasty potential, but I wouldn't choose it myself.
4	Disclaimer: I love Chinese food. I'm more familiar with the Szechuan style of cooking, rather than the Northern Chinese that Chop Chop is famous for, so eating here was a nice learning experience as well as a great culinary one.The decor is fairly good for a Chinese restaurant - I'm used to them slapping some formica on the tables and red pleather on the booths and calling it a day, but Chop Chop seems to have gone the extra mile to make theirs modern and clean, and that's always appreciated. We were sat immediately, around 5pm on a Friday, but were warned that we'd only have the table for an hour and a half. Sure thing - how long does it take to eat dinner, anyway?We ordered the pork & prawn jiao zi (steamed dumplings), green beans with chili and pork with garlic and coriander. I think the standout dish for me was the green beans - light and crunchy, flavorful with green onion, chili and ginger. The dumplings were juicy and you could definitely taste the prawn with the pork - yum. The pork was good - good but not great - shredded into thin strips with quite a lot of ginger (more than I could eat, sadly) and more of the green onion and garlic. Overall, definitely a solid meal and I think I'll be back to try the aubergine and some noodles.The one detracting factor was the service. Our three dishes seemed to come out a lot slower than the food of the tables around us, and they'd ordered twice as much food as we did. On one hand, it was good to get a bit of a break between courses, but at the same time, I had to wonder - why was our service slower than everyone else's? Once we'd finished our meal, our dishes were cleared and we confirmed with the server that we were indeed done - then sat there for a good fifteen minutes, sipping on our cooling tea whilst offered neither the check nor the dessert menu. It was a bit odd. Still, the food was good enough that I'd return to sample more of the menu.
2	Very ordinary. Don't believe the hype. We summed it up: "Anyone who can succinctly explain to me what it is that I'm missing with Chop Chop would be welcomed with open arms. For me it's totally ordinary, completely mediocre, bland and inoffensive, much like their food. I just can't see what it is that inspires the level of adulation it attracts."
2	I used to have one of those Gourmet Society cards and their website told me I could get a 25% discount at Chop Chop. Excellent. I had friends coming to stay and they had all heard of the place and wanted to try it. So I rang and booked a table and told them on the phone that I had the card. They said it would be fine to use it. You've got to love a discount!There were four of us and we are not good decision makers so we ended up opting for the unlimited banquet for four. Lots of variety and you can have seconds (and thirds, fourths and probably fifths if you could fit them in - it's unlimited after all) at no extra cost. Hurrah! The food arrived in a higgledy piggledy kind of way in no particular order but that was fine as there were so many different dishes it was rather nice to be able to sample them a couple at a time. It was all delicious and we had second helpings of several different things. I was tempted by third helpings but was pretty full at that point so exercised some restraint.And then we asked for the bill. And this is where it all went wrong. When I got out my Gourmet Society card I was abruptly told that they no longer accepted them and we couldn't have our discount. I protested saying that I had been told on the phone that it would be ok. The waiter went to get the manager who came out and spent some time angrily grilling me on who I had spoken to when I booked the table (what day did I call, what time, did I speak to a man or woman, what accent did they have...?). I tried to be as vague as possible because, clearly, someone was going to be in a lot of trouble and I didn't want to be responsible for that. Eventually he grudgingly let us have the discount but by then the damage had been done. I had high hopes for Chop Chop but now have the impression that, though they serve lovely food, they treat their staff really really badly. Never say never... but I'd certainly be reluctant to spend my money there again.
2	Hmm. I'm really conflicted about this place. I had my first trip to Chop Chop Haymarket on Monday with a group of friends for the unlimited banquet meal. I've had dim sum before in Chinatown in London that was incredible, given the amount of hype I've heard; I was expecting Chop Chop to be just as good. To be honest it didn't really meet my expectations but I'm not sure what I was really expecting in Edinburgh. Being at the far end of the table I didn't hear what anything was and just accepted anything as it was passed around so I have no idea what my favourite dish would be. (I think it would be one of the dumplings but I have no idea what its filling was except that it was spicy.)  Whilst I enjoyed the company I didn't really enjoy the meal and felt it was a bit over priced. It was nice to try new things but I probably would have enjoyed it more if I'd had more choice in the dishes I was eating. The drawback of the unlimited banquet seems to be that the entire table needs to be having it. On the whole the place was alright, but it wasn't the all signing all dancing restaurant that everyone made it out to be...just an ok restaurant. I'd be willing to go back and give it another try but I'm not doing the unlimited banquet again.
3	Good and ok. Not the best dim sum but we had a nice variety. Fed 7 people (3 kids) on the 4 person ultimate banquet thing
4	Don't believe all of the hype. But still a first class dinner of its kind. The food is a bit different and more varied than the standard Chinese. The only way to eat here is to have the meal for whatever number. The food comes as it is ready and you can have more of what you like. The benefits of buffet without the hot lights.
4	Ok I will admit that my first impression of most places I visit is usually inspired by the view as I approach the front door.  When I approached Chop Chop I initially thought, ok nothing special but nothing nasty.  As soon as I walked through the front door I picked up the aromas from the kitchen and quickly dismissed my first impression in favour of a better one!As part of a work group (a multi-national work group too) we were quite a large party and went for the ultimate buffet.  I can honestly I did not taste a bad dish all night but I did have one or two favourites.  The beauty of the unlimited buffet is in the name...unlimited!I cannot fault the dumplings, particularly the prawn dumplings.  Perfectly cooked with fresh tasty prawns and a nice light dough.  Not a hint of greasy or being cooked too long.  A slightly unusual fish ball dish followed quickly and disappeared as quickly as it arrived!  A little on the spicy side so beware!As for mains once again they were all good.  I personally did not favour the lamb in cumin seeds.  It did not taste bad but was a bit bland and a bit dry.  I forgot the lamb as soon as the crispy beef dish arrived however.  A nice light batter and rich orange sauce was delicious.  I find it difficult to fault the service.  We were a large group and fed efficiently, politely and treated with great courtesy.  Dishes were delivered promptly while still hot, my one small criticism is that they could have cleared the used dishes a little quicker.  However this was barely noticeable as we tucked into the next wonderful course that came our way!As for the bill, given that we were a group of eight who had eaten well all evening the bill was very reasonable and not one of us grudged the ultimate buffet price.I highly recommend this restaurant for larger groups who want well fed.  It is not somewhere I would take a first date to be honest as it lacks a romantic atmosphere despite the excellent cuisine.  I would recommend it for families, couples and other groups who want to try some good food in a nice relaxed place.  Well done!
3	On our recent trip to Edinburgh, hubbo and I did an all day tour up to Loch Ness and Inverness and got back to Edinburgh around 8 PM.  We were cold and starving and craving some good food.  I remember reading about Chop Chop and already, was drooling about yummy dumplings.  So off we went.Did I enjoy Chop Chop's food... well... yes.  Sorta yes I did.  But there were a few problems with Chop Chop.  First of all, the service was, well, really awkward.  The host (who was in full suit, I might add) seated us.  Then a very timid (or is he just soft spoken) server came to take our orders.  Both the host and server had presumed, and I don't know why, that my husband and I are going to be shocked by the food they served.  First by comments like, "are you here to be adventurous" or asking whether we've had dumplings before and suggesting we try their unlimited banquet.  I assured him that both my husband and I are VERY familiar with Chinese food and that nothing they serve us will surprise us.  And no, we don't want the unlimited banquet.At any rate, we placed our orders.  The dumplings and pot stickers were pretty tasty, though I am not a big fan of prawn dumplings (a bit too mushy and bland).  The minced pork noodle was also bland, which I added more garlic and spicy chili sauce they provided, and it tasted fine.  The fish balls in chili sauce wasn't great (had much better) as it was hard and bland.  And then nothing came with steam rice, so I had to order a bowl of steam rice.  Which comes to the biggest issue I have with Chop Chop, the price.Ok, I understand that in UK, everything is more expensive.  I get that, really I do.  But Chop Chop's price is jacked way up, even by UK standard in my opinion.  If the restaurant is going high end and has some kind of decor or having servers all dressed in Ming Dynasty getups, I might have understood it more.  But no, while it's not quite a hole-in-the-wall restaurant, it's by no means, invested in any high end decor.  And I would much rather dine in a humble hole-in-the-wall with a hot steaming bowl of noodle soup for 8 bucks anyway,... just saying, not sure how they justify charging so much for pork & veggie dumplings.  Maybe there is a general lack of this type of cuisine in Edinburgh?  I don't know.So, if I live in Edinburgh and when I have a serious dumpling craving and have no where else to go, I can see myself just have to suck it up and pay it cause I'd have no choice.  But certainly, not a fan of Chop Chop for high-priced, decent dumplings.
4	For all Chop Chop's flaws, its good points shine through like an aubergine-tinted beacon of tastiness. Pros - Unlimited banquet, which features my two fave Chop Chop dishes - lamb and cumin, and the garlic marinated aubergines. Holy moly. - Dumplings of the type that I haven't found anywhere else in Edinburgh - Loyalty card- Tonnes of discounts showered upon loyalty card holders - Service, which is pleasant and friendly - Aubergines. Again. Cons - Food arrives when it's ready, which for some could be considered a negative - Can get supremely busy - Decor a bit... erm... cheap and cheerful - The hype surrounding this place would make you think its some miracle restaurant. It's not, so people leave disappointed. I, for one, salute the cult of Chop Chop. It's not the best thing since sliced bread, but it does a bloomin' good job trying.
3	To be honest, the only reason I returned to Chop Chop after a long hiatus was because they sent me a voucher for free food...I tried 7 dishes which they were to be putting on their new menu and can't say I was overly blown away by any of them. There was a beef stew that was quite authentically Asian but chances of people going to Chop Chop and ordering "beef stew" seem rather slim! If it has however made it onto the menu, try it! With a few tweaks, it had the potential to be fantastic and hearty enough to steel you through the Edinburgh winter!Last time we went, the couple at the table next to us had the unlimited banquet but asked to change up 2 of the dishes (which had I known I was allowed to do on previous visits, I would have taken full advantage of! and maybe had a much better time).I think Chop Chop have reached an impass where they rely far too heavily on their reputation and aren't really producing very TOP quality food. I do however like the house/hand made noodles they have, as nowhere else in Edinburgh do this. All the noodles are funny shapes and look a bit higgledy piggledy but it is because it is shaved off a giant block of 'noodle' dough into the boiling hot water to cook. (I assume this on the basis I've seen it done this way in Asia).Their unlimited banquet is undoubtedly good value for those with a healthy appetite and their dumplings are worth a try if you've not had them before. But if you want dumplings on a tighter budget, may I recommend visiting one of the Asian supermarkets on Leith Walk and buying them from the frozen goods section and making them yourself at home!
1	I used to go there when they opened 5 yrs ago or more but went there with my g--f and food was awful!May be chief was in the wrong mood!?!The garlic cloves in cumin seeds were over salty , the Peanut sauce butter noodles were sickening: a jar of peanut butter with watery noodles!the cucumber salad watery .At last the prawn dumpling were tasting  off the taste.
5	The beef and chili dumplings were amazing! As was the chicken and spicy potatoes. So different from the Chinese food you normally fine with heaps of sauce. The food was well spiced and different, full of flavour and amazingly good! We had two guests from Holland with us who had seen it in the Lonely Planet, which is why we went, and they also loved it! The service was also super attentive and professional, they were very busy and still managed to come back and get our second order. Also the vegetarian green bean dish was super yum!
4	Great place, second time here and I must say it was much better than the first time. We had a fee plates to share, not on the all you can eat but just a share everything type of meal. The squid is the best, love it and can't stop eating it. We also tried the Aubergine and cucumber salad as they got rave reviews but both are nothing to shoot about and wouldn't get them again. The chicken wings are delicious, I am addicted to chicken wings so these met my craving :). We also shared a chow mein and some dim sum. The three of us left satisfied but not too full and didn't feel like we have anything unhealthy, greasy or heavy. The service was good and it was full to the last table, service was attentive and friendly but the waitress didn't understand us and it took some time to order. The only reason i haven't given 5 stars is the lack of main meal dish variety and the portion size is small. I look forward to going back.
5	Excellent meal here. Superb food and service. Lots of bad reviews about Chop Chop but we really enjoyed it. The food is amazing! Very attentive service!
4	When you think of Chinese food, you tend to picture the meals you phone in or the modern (often buffet) restaurants with their bachelor pad decor, fountains and statues. Chop Chop is neither. The bright yellow exterior and dated interior gave me a slight cause for concern, although I don't judge books by their covers. Often traditional restaurants are there to serve locals from that culture and don't prescribe to western dining decor, so you need to give them a try because the food is often in a different league. An example is the Taj Mahal whose food I love, but physically the restaurant doesn't look great!Chop Chop looks a bit dated but it is in every sense of the word, traditional. I was very pleasantly surprised by the food! We ordered the unlimited banquet which allows you to reorder anything that you've tried and enjoyed - an amazing offer. If you'd rather just explore they have loads and loads of options across the menu.In Chop Chop you can expect very quick and attentive service, friendly staff who understand the menu and are happy to explain (and re-explain) how it all works. They're even on hand to teach chopstick operation! I'm a total loser with chopsticks - I know how to work them but I'm just rubbish. The child/idiot friendly ones in Wagamama are what I need, otherwise my food will go cold whilst I fight with the sticks! I'm a quitter and opted for a fork, to the tutting of my waiter!I'd definitely recommend Chop Chop for a casual meal or if you want to try authentic Chinese cuisine rather than the greasy westernised versions we've adopted. It's just round the corner from Haymarket station and the trams also make it easily accessible!
