3	I hate to do this since the people working there seemed very friendly.  But I had a few expensive dress shirts washed and pressed there and I was very disappointed to find that (1) they usually write in permanent ink at the bottom of the shirt (but they were happy not to do this upon request), (2) one of my shirts was ironed incorrectly with most of the buttoned area folded onto itself (but they offered to fix this and have me pick it up the next day), and (3) there were large oval shaped indentations ironed into the bottom of each shirt, which they said were "normal" caused by the ironing machine they use.  Other than that the shirts came out relatively fine, and the prices were reasonable, so its fine for your everyday business casual shirt I guess.  I don't think I'll be coming here again though for any nice quality shirt.
1	horrible! my worst drycleaning experience in 20 years in a number of cities. this drycleaner failed at every aspect of being a business. i dropped off our clothes and was greeted by a very apathetic and disinterested counter person. i was told it would take a week before they would be ready. when i went to pick the stuff up, the total cost was $54! the same grouchy woman couldn't find all of my clothes. instead of apologizing or asking me to come back later, she simply went to the back of the store and stayed there. i asked the other counter person if she could please look for the rest of my clothes and i would return later in the afternoon. i went back in the pm and they had apparently closed early that day (no sign or anything to explain why they were closed). i went back a 3rd time to pick up the clothes and the same rude, short tempered woman brought out my clothes and told me the total was $65! apparently the first quote didn't include the laundered shirts. i paid (they only take cash or check by the way) and went home. as i was putting the clothes away, i realized that there were 3 drycleaning items that were not included. i sent my husband back the next day (this is the 4th trip to get the clothes, by the way), and he was told they could not find the remaining items, and that only the manager (who had gone home for the day) could look for them. We are currently waiting for the manager to call us & let us know if the items have been found and/or when i will get a refund for the clothes i paid for them to lose.
1	We had a terrible experience with Northumberland cleaning and tailoring regarding some linen draperies.  We took them in the first week of August and it took nearly 6 weeks for them to be cleaned.  The draperies had metal loops that needed to be removed, and apparently their tailor was part of the problem.  The people that I and my husband spoke to in trying to get them back to us were not very helpful, and all we got were excuses to various problems they had.  Then the bill was $265, which is insane.  I was out of town when my husband picked them up and he did not question it, which I definitely would have done.  So, beware of this highly expensive and inept cleaner, and go elsewhere.Oh, and they also lost one of the loops in the draperies.
