5	Bought my R6 in march of 2010. Best service and still receiving discounts on gear. Manager is awesome and made my life a little happier by selling me my Yamaha.
5	Great sales and service! Beth in parts has found me multiple items for some of my classic bikes over the last two years that I could not locate, thank you for taking the time when other dealers wouldnt. You guys are an A++
4	I called here to see about bringing my bike in to get the chain tightened.  I spoke to Dan and he let me know that the guy who does that stuff is on vacation so it would take longer than normal for it to get done.  I was fine with that so brought my bike down.  When they inspected it, found out I need a new chain and sprocket.  The guys were nice and let me know it could take a couple days and I was ok with that.  I wasn't in a big hurry.Called a couple days later to find out status and they said should be done the next day, which it was.  Got a call first thing in the morning that it was ready.  Went to pick it up and spoke with Travis.  He was nice and helpful and I didn't feel taken advantage of or anything since I am a woman.  He went and got my bike and Dan came out to make sure I got helped and we sat and talked for a little bit.  They let me know what I need to do to keep the chain up.I never felt like your the stupid girl, don't know what your doing etc..  Dan made me feel very comfortable and even said if the chain loosens a bit, which it may, just stop by and he will get it done right away.  This def helps me want to come back because I don't need guys feeling the can scam the girl.  Being helpful, trustworthy, and explaining the issue is what matters.  I can tell when your being fake.  Will def recommend this place and come back when needed.
4	Their selection of riding gear kind of sucks, but their ginormous selections of dirt-bikes makes up for it. We've been here a few times to browse around and check out their gears, didn't have much luck with the gears but considered purchasing a bike, but we decided to wait. Customer service was decent and checking out was quick.
1	This place is awful.  My bf bought a bike here four years ago.  It had a bad bearing.  Three years he's patiently waited for them to order the replacement part, but they keep ordering the wrong piece.  The bike has had a coolant leak.  They've "fixed it" three times so far.  It's still leaking.  They always say they'll call with the bike is ready, but he always has to call to see if it's done.  When he took it in for the last oil change, he wanted to prove a point.  After two weeks, I made him call and get his bike back.  Of course they said, "Yeah, we were just about to call you."  Can't wait for the warranty to expire so he doesn't have to deal with these idiots anymore.
5	Rebuilding a twenty year old bike is a daunting task, but ridenow made it easier to deal with the troubles by giving excellent service and helpful tips. Chris is my favorite of all the associates.
2	Customer service is par but their service center needs work really bad. I had a flat replaced on my VN800 so I figured get both tires replaced. The girl that put my tires on took 2 hours for the front tire because she balanced it backwards when there is a sign on the tire pointing in the direction on which way its suppose to spine. Not to mention with in a month the valve stem broke here I am 6 months after install and it breaks again. Seriously even if it has to be ordered let someone else do the work.
5	I just got my moped here about a week ago. I don't know much about bikes or mopeds and was afraid they might treat me badly since I wasn't exactly knowledgeable about riding. About an hour later, I road away with my new scooter. Joe was my salesman and he was very friendly and knowledgeable about all the dumb questions I had. I was treated very well from the beginning to the end and would highly recommend this location for your next scooter or bike. I haven't been back to the service department yet but I would expect to be treated just as well when I go back for my checkups. They were able to negotiate a good price for me and they even gave me a free helmet, which was totally unexpected and about a $75 value. A+ service and A+ scooters! Definitely ask for Joe when you go there, he'll hook you up!
5	We just bought a motorcycle from these guys and it was a good experience. Our sales guy, Bill, on his day off, was there when we were to finalize a deal and stayed with us the entire time. There were a few hiccups along the way but everything got settled and over all, it was a great experience. We will definitely be back!
1	My wife and I were in the store to buy a motorcycle battery.  The salesmen were bragging about how they run from the police on their motorcycles, how big their d*cks are, and were cursing non stop.  This is the most unprofessional business in town.  The salesmen hound you like dogs and don't know the product.  I complained to the parts manager and he said the GM knows about the terrible salesmen and won't do anything about it.  I'll never be back.
1	Anyone else deal with Ride Now on Rancho because they got the warrenty and maintenence package that don't cover shit!! FUCK Ride Now!!! Pieces of shit.  Everytime I get my bike done it doesn't even seem like they touched anything let alone top off fluids.  They call me 4 days later, bike still hasn't been serviced!!! What if that was my only form of transportation you fucking assanine fucks!! Just to tell me I need a coolant flush,  which isn't covered under my service plan but if I wait another 3000 miles then it's covered under the next servicing wtf? !?! And you want to charge me 400$ for chain and sprocket.  Get my fucking bike serviced and get her back to me you piece of fucking good for nothing ASSHOLES!!!! Ride now power sports, two faced,  scumbag, money whore shop. I hate you all.
1	BAD DEALTraded in an older dirt bike for a Vulcan 500 here. Wound up getting a pretty bad deal. They wouldn't work with me on the Vulcan price, I wound up paying over KBB value with cash PLUS the trade in. Then when I shook hands on the deal they had the Vulcan in their shop for hours leaving me at the dealership waiting for over 2 hours. They said they just needed a fresh tank of gas and a quick carb clean. When I got the bike I'd never ridden a cruiser before and I thought the lack of power was just the small 500cc engine. They promised it just needed some fresh gas and carb cleaner through it. I added carb cleaner and I rode it for a few weeks to cycle the gas through. Turns out the carburetors were gummed up and restricting air and fuel flow and the bike was running at about 60% power. Cost me $100 for the diagnosis and $420 in repairs at a shop to clean out the carbs and flush the brake fluid which was also old. The tires were even under-inflated. This bike was not ready to sell, or safe to ride and they sold it anyway. Its not a good idea to buy from these guys.
1	Bought the yz 450 back in 2011...was ok..Came back and was trying to buy a 2014 or 2013 r1 they wouldnt budge a cent on the price!  Even though I had already bought a bike from them..went to yamha of las vegas and got a new 2013r1 for $2000 cheaper than they wanted for a used 3000k mile 2013 r1!      There crazy!.    Just because im 22 and make alot of $ for my age dosnt mean im stupid and will buy it for any price....
1	Nice Folks at Rancho BUT..... Staff has no clue as to what they are selling. People do your research before you buy. Know the answers to the questions to see if the staff knows their product. I can tell you without a doubt the guys are unaware of what they are selling. I walk in and asked 6 basic questions from a sales person about a particular make and model and he and his supervisors had no clue about simple basic motorcycle product questions that anyone would know if they knew what they were selling. Is this seat cover real leather or made made. What is the wattage of the stereo? What is the top speed. Like staring at a deer in the middle of the road. I was waiting for the staff to tell me "this bike goes Vroom Vroom" That was the knowledge level. Sorry Rancho, I need to do business with people who know what they are talking about.
2	My complaint with RideNow is limited to the service department, not sales.  I've always enjoyed window shopping at RideNow and the sales staff are knowledgeable and low-pressure.   The service department, however, has been frustrating.   I purchased some new tires for my FJR1300 (Michelin PR4's) from RideNow a few months ago.   They mounted the tires for me but neglected to balance them.  When I got the bike back there was not a single weight on the wheels.  The service advisor assured me the tires must not have needed weight and that they did test ride the bike.   The first time I got the bike above 60 MPH it was obvious something was wrong - the entire bike had a terrible vibration.   I took the bike back, waited another 2 hours for them to balance the wheels.     When I got the bike back there was  a ridiculous amounts of weight on the wheels - around 11 ounces on the front and 13 ounces on the rear.   I've never seen that amount of weight on a motorcycle tire ever.   One short ride told me things were still not right - vibration in the bars that started around 40 mph and got progressively worse.   At this point, I decided enough was enough, removed the wheels myself and took them to Cycle Gear.   The technician there removed all the weights and started over.   Each tire now has less than 3 ounces of weight and they are perfectly balanced.  Best of all - they charged me nothing for the balancing.   Next time I need tires, I'll just take the wheels to Cycle Gear...
1	Scam artists at best. These guys are simply terrible in general. I brought a $500 gift certificate from Sea-Doo in and they made some bogus claims in order to get out of it such as that they would have to call Sea-Doo etc. All they were doing was buying time because they knew it expired in a few days and they would make it as difficult as possible on me.In addition to this, I was so upset that I opted to return items back to them that I had recently purchased. They issued me refunds on a new RideNow gift certificate, and that has since expired. Funny thing is that their gift certificate did NOT indicate an expiration date on the card, which is AGAINST THE LAW as of 2010.As I said, practicing illegal maneuvers and scam artists.
1	Service Dept is a fucking joke. Went in to get  oil leak fix and they would not service bike it was 8 yrs old.   But they sure tried to sell me a new one. Why would I buy a new bike from them when they refused to work on the old one.
3	Bought a motorcycle here a year ago.  Been back many times.  Customer service interaction has always been good but the service department let me down on communication when I dropped my bike off for the 5K service.  I was out of town so not a huge deal but could have been better.  Prices on some of their gear is higher than other places but they hook you up with discounts.
5	This review is for the sales department! Joe specifically. I had a wonderful experience with Joe. My boyfriend and I decided to stop in since we always pass this dealership and we've been talking about getting me a bike. Joe never once pushed a sale on us nor did he make me feel stupid for not knowing much in general about street bikes/cruisers. He was extremely knowledgable and I enjoyed every minute of him! He was able to give me great pros and cons of every bike, showed me a great starter bike and was honest enough to tell me that i would most likely grow out of it within months. He was more concerned with my safety than anything which made my boyfriend and I feel wonderful ! I greatly appreciate Joe's service and will be in contact with him to purchase my first bike.
1	Do not buy anything from this place or better yet don't even think going to this place. Believe me you'll thank me later. Go somewhere else except this place is that bad. Bunch of liars and scammers work in their sales department.
5	I've done business with ride now many times. I've purchased 3 motorcycles from them. Anyways I just traded in my hayabusa for a street glide. After getting the deal complete and bike ready for me to take home. Some how some way they lost the keys. I have never in my entire life have seen or delt with anything like this. And to make matters worse they didn't care. And my motorcycle is my means of transportation for me to get back and forth to work. I do not recommend them at all. And if you do decide to use them make sure they have the key. This is by far one of the worst experience I have ever delt with. I stood out side waiting for them to find the keys and it was now closing time the only thing they were worried about was putting the inventory away and didn't care if I needed to get home. Did anyone ask hey you need a lift home while we have harley davidson remake a key NO. I had to call my wife to come and pick me up and she was upset because we paid 25,000 dollars for a motorcycle I can't come home with. If you want to use this dealership be my guest but you will see how poor of service you get...Okay changing my rating from 1 star to 5 star due to the prompt response the sales manager has given me. Doug and Nick are two very good people. They even brought the motorcycle to my place of employment and even detailed in right up front. I'm very please with there outcome. I guess it's always a good thing to give people the benefit of the doubt
1	This place is a joke of a dealership. I tried to buy a razor 1000 cash and they ignored me for a week then I tried to give them another chance to buy a crotch rocket and they blew me off for another few days then they ran my credit without even asking me if I could adjust my down payment. What a joke. I'll go to carter in the future
5	I will have to say that Ridenow Powersports on Rancho is the greatest!! I was on a ride just leaving the North Rim of the Grand Canyon when my clutch cable broke on my 2006 Victory Kingpin. I called Victory in St George UT and they did not have the part in stock. Called Ridenow and they had it we were several hours away on Saturday Afternoon. I spoke with Kayla Thompson and she said she would make sure they could get it installed if I could make it there before 6:00 pm got there at 5:00 and she was all ready to go, had the part, the person to install and got it done for me. She also personally helped one of my buddies install a seat cushion on his bike while we waited. I would highly recommend Kayla for her professionalism and knowledge. Ridenow is luck to have her. Thanks a bunch to everybody at Ridenow on Rancho.
1	They let me ride out of there on an unsafe motorcycle then tried to get me to pay for what need to be fixed. Bald tire and a drive belt that was coming a part. I still ended up having to pay for the belt. Don't get taken for a Ridenow at Ridenow
5	I'm a rider for 17 years and this is the best store I ever visited in my entire life! This guys are professionals!! They know what they doing and you can tell they love their job :) They got an amazing costumer service, they have enough employees to cover all the visitors so you're  not gonna wait that long to get a service as at the other stores (carter) ..Thank you ride now especially to Eric the store manager that always have solutions for everything :)
