4	Yes, I agree with pooky. The owner or manager has a few issues; really unfriendly. I just go get my sweets and leave. However, the cakes are absolute heaven. May be one of the better Chinese style bakeries in Vegas.
4	This place is just like Sunville on Spring Mountain and Valley View. French-style Chinese bakery with awesome confections like butter cream rolls, peanut butter rolls, chocolate rolls, taro cakes, tiramisu, and some of the weird things, like pickle bread rolls and ham rolls. This is the kind of place to buy your moon cake from for Chinese new years. The counter help that rang me up was really sweet ... considering ... she's Asian. Maybe L'elysee read the past Yelp reviews.* off the strip, non-casino
5	Unfortunately I know what the other reviewers meant when they talked about the owner.  He's not an a-hole or anything, more like a bit unsociable perhaps.No matter though as this is still the bakery I go back to every time I want delicious bread, pastries, and cakes.  Definitely try their egg custard!  You can also get a chestnut cake that's really good (have to make a special order).
3	Not the best Asian (Chinese) bakery, but it's not bad. Located on the outskirts of the main area of Spring Mountain Road. They have the usual stuff.... hotdog buns, pork sung buns -- the stuff I like -- but I think I like Sunville bakery a little better. This place was slightly fancier but I like my stuff OG baby!Didn't try the cakes like the other people have mentioned. It's slightly farther from the strip too if you're coming from that way.3.5 stars
4	Mission: Find an off-the-strip Japanese Bakery in Las Vegas, if there is such an animal! It was my last day in Las Vegas, and I didn't want to go to Ichiza ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/ichiza-las-vegas ) on Spring Mountain Road, with it's crowd, just to have Japanese Dessert. When my daughter, Kathy, first brought me to Ichiza a few years ago, I was much impressed by their Honey Butter Toast which is a typical high-end Dessert. Now... where the heck can I find this without going to Ichiza?Kevin, my Chef-son, called and he recollected seeing some Japanese Desserts at L'Elysee Bakery.... Rev up the engines... Fill the gas tank... and Let's GO!Located in an Asian strip mall along with 168 Market ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/168-market-las-vegas#hrid:2Tx1ve0TRIUhdPrgRB01TA ), L'Elysee does not pretend to be a Cheesecake Factory. Frankly, the store is very uninviting. The display of the Bakery items seems very haphazard... There really are Japanese Desserts, but they're all over the store... It would be nice to have some sort of organization in this Bakery. There is also a section on the right side of the store for drinking Coffee with your Dessert purchases... but, again, not inviting at all. It seemed a haphazard arrangement after some customer demand for such an area. OK, OK... enough with all the smalltalk... let's get down to the Desserts!Japanese Honey Butter Toast (**** $1.75) Basically, this is just a thickly sliced White Bread... six inches high (I'm not kidding!) at Ichiza, two inches thick at L'Elysee. This Dessert is served in Japanese restaurants with an abundance of Butter and Honey and baked to a point where the Bread Crust is crusty, with the inside of the Bread as soft as... Butter! L'Elysee's variation is also a buttered Bread about five inches square, but encrusted with a Coconut spread (probably a dual-usage from a Chinese Bakery item). The crust of the Toast is soft.Cream Puff (**** $1.75) SUPER soft Coconut-spread encrusted Puff slit down the middle lengthwise... Whipped Cream is placed in the crevice with individual Raisins residing on top of that. I wondered how this item got into the bag! Must have been Kathy that ordered it. Too bad, all gone!Japanese Cheesecake (**** 1/2, $9.00) Still working on this thing. Oval shaped, about 7" x 4" wide x 2" high, and placed in an oval plastic container.    Update - Light, not fluffy... more New York Cheesecak-y in texture, but       not heavy. Subtle taste of Cream Cheese. This is not your dense,       rich American Cheesecake... don't even try to equate the two       variations. This Cheesecake has a Chocolate-Caramel colored top       layer with a bottom layer that looks like Pound Cake. Delectable! For       the dainty, light, sophisticated Palate.      Now, I'd be a regular customer definitely... if I could trust them not to       rip me off at the register...Note: Ca$$$h ONLY!Word to the wise: Since this was a Cash-only store, Kathy had to come up with the green to pay for my Dessert decadence. You won't believe this.... the Cashier tried to charge $25 for just the above three Dessert items. Don't get on the wrong side of Kathy! She exclaimed... "Don't you know how to add? $9.00 + $2.00 + $2.00! It should be around $12.00!" Great embarrassment on the Cashier's part. The Cashier had to call the boss, who was working in the back, to reset the Cash Register. Perform your own Math BEFORE you approach the Cash Register!Interesting observation - Went to two French or French-inspired Bakeries, including Bonjour Bakery ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/bonjour-bakery-las-vegas#hrid:cxxWtRk_Ac6KaABoKj4Zjw ),  and none were operated or owned by anyone French or spoke French... Just an observation.
1	We picked out desserts - purple taro cake, black forest cake, egg custard and cappuccino mousse.  It is hard to believe but over the course of the following several days we shared each one and all were unexceptional.
4	This bakery smells nice. Their breads are good and soft. This place reminds me of Taiwan's bakery. They have their selection of bake goods spread out, and you get a tray to put what you want on it. I'd brought a variety from there and it's pretty good. My favorite one is the one with cream, coconut flake, and few raisins in the middle. This place is a bit expensive though.
4	tucked away in a little corner waaaaay away from the strip (just off asian central on spring mountain) we found this cute little bakery. they don't have an extensive selection of breads, but what they do carry is definitely freshly baked and fluffy and light and soft. their roll cakes are also pretty dang good, annnnd they have japanese castella (honey roll) and puddings.
4	Came here curious what they had and I've been craving these cakes red bean mochi covered in pastry/ hopia for filipinos/moon cake/whatever majiggers they are. They had a few and I got red bean mochi cake $1.99, BF got a ham bun and a opera cake, grandma got a black forest cake and mom in law got a cream puff. I loved my lil treat. It's one of those things that I've always loved as a snack and it was nicely done. BFs opera cake was pretty decent, not bad at all for being a reasonable $2.40-$3.50 for cake squares. His ham bun was good...kinda tasted like it had onion cream in it too, bread was soft and  eggy. I think this was $1 and was very fresh so it was a really good deal. Didnt try mom and G'mas selections. Not bad at all for the prices.Service was good. I think the guy that explained the cakes to mom was the owner. He knew the different layers and fillings and explained them nicely to her and grandma. Most Asian bakeries- you're on your own, you figure it out from the basic explanations...I've asked some bakeries before basic things like 'what is in the "meat bun?"' and gotten an answer, no joke, "mix meat bread". LOL. Still didnt answer my question. Definitely if I'm in the mood for a red bean mochi again and I'm at the supermarket next door, I will stop in and get some goods.
5	It's a traditional Taiwanese bakery it reminds me of home. I'm glad they brought the concept to LV and compare to other bakeries in town they are in a league of their own. The price is just perfect that's ofcourse after trying out the other competitions around town. This place has the best flavor in town hands down.I recommend all my friends and family to go here because after all i'm not judging them by the way they give customer service. I'm looking for the taste from home and they certainly hit the mark and beyond on that. Good job and keep up and great work.
4	Nice clean bakery.  Good selection, good prices, good taste.  You have to have good products to even think about being in this competitive Chinatown market.  We tried their cheesecake - nice, light and delicate.
3	It's a cute little Asian bakery just a few doors down from 168. It caught my attention because I haven't really been to too many Asian bakeries in town so I decided to venture into the store. It's a small bakery w/ full but very few shelves filled w/ goodies. We walked out of there w/ a yellow bun and 2 hot dog bun thingies. The yellow buns are better at Orchid Garden and the hot dog buns things were good. It's made, kinda of like at those pretzels places, the dough was wrapped around the dog. Very soft and light flavor, I liked but dog to pretzel ratio needs some help.What bothered me about this place were 2 things... When I asked one of the girls behind the counter what was in the yellow bun (because the sign just said 'yellow bun') she says to me "milk cream", uh, wth is that? lol I attempted to ask her again but she started up with a bit of attitude. So I told myself, forget it, what's $2 to try something new? The other thing that was bothering me was the fact that they had a baker's rack, the one w/ wheels, that they had sitting there with tons of pans. It was kinda behind the counter but not, pretty much if I sneeze, it'd be all over the pastries and the fact that there was a fan blowing at them, I guess that they were trying to cool them down, kinda bothered me too... So if this was in the back, then this would make more sense but out in the open where people come from different places and bring in all kinds of germs and you're blowing all that at the pastries, really bothersome.If I'm back in the area, I'll stop by just to try something different... Hope my experience is muy better!
3	This bakery is okay. Prices and quality are the same as other Asian bakeries around town. Tip: they have a sale that changed daily. If you're lucky your favorite bun or cookies will be 3 for the price of 2.
3	I only came here to buy a birthday cake. I haven't had any of their other goodies, but the cake was okay. Nothing special. Pretty typical Asian cake. Fruits and stuff.They are CASH ONLY. Thank goodness I had cash for the cake.The people seem friendly enough. I'll probably have to come back for some desserts and the like.
3	CASH ONLY SUCKS!!!! The cashier did say that they are working on getting a credit/debit machine- she said "Soon, soon" Everything in here looked yummy and affordable.We tried the sponge cake,walnut bread baked in a dough shell,hotdog in a bun, mini crossiants & coconut cream bread. All were yummy- the walnut wheat bread covered in a dough shell was a bit odd and I honestly didn't understand why a dough shell had to be around bread. I think they didn't compliment eachother at all.My main complaint is that when I went to take a picture of the cakes in the display case the cashier started yelling, "NO PICTURE, NO PICTURE" Why do some places actually say that and make a big deal out of a customer taking a pic? I think they should feel honored that someone wants a pic of their goods.  Do they forget that they are a public buisness and that people can take pics even with a phone. There was no sign posted anywhere  that said "No picture taking" and what do they really think I'm going to do with my 1 picture? Do they think I'm going to copy their design or something? I do have something called a memory, I could use that if I needed to. Gosh, maybe before people walk in here they should frisk us for cash and cameras....
4	L'elysee opens at 8am and I had walked into the store at 7:50 because they had their open sign on. Nothing was laid out in the baskets yet and they were pulling bread from trays. Good sign since you know it is baked fresh everyday. So I left and had breakfast at a Korean joint nearby before coming back.An hour later and a complete transformation had occurred. A bounty of delicious filled pastries traversed as far as the eye could see. Shelves and counter space had no empty slots. TIP #1- Take a quick glance around before making a second round. I did not do this and ended up with an armful of goods. With two taro, a coconut, a taro mochi, a red bean, a maple custard, and a trio sampler in hand, I was ready to check out. The price tag for all of this? $7.46, not bad by any means. TIP #2- Pick up the trio samplers if you are not sure what to try. They have a sweet and a savory pack. The sweet pack comes with a mini taro, red bean, and maple custard. The savory had a corn, hot dog, and something else. For $1.50, it will not break the bank and will give a nice variety.The true test of how good an Asian bakery is depends on how well the bread keeps after the first day. I kept myself from reviewing this joint after first taste because of this. The bread is initially soft, moist, and fluffy. The fillings are light. There is no overkill on sweetness, but can be looked at as skimpy. Skip to the next day, the bread is not as cloud like, but it is still good. I would not leave them for more than two days.
3	My family loves this bakery.  It's right next to 168 on Spring Mountain.  My recent visit I got some slices of cakes and bread to take back to hotel for breakfast.  My girlfriend is a vet and she was in a conference.  The bakery made cute little animals from fondant.  I wanted to take pictures to show her but cashier wouldn't allow me.  Customer service should be first and foremost.  Little things like this can win or lose customers.  Bakery is great with 5 stars but customer service is poor with 1 star.  I never went back to L'elysee.  There are plenty of other bakery in Vegas.
3	Love their Cream Puffs
2	Poor service...
4	Reminiscent of 85degree bakery in Irvine but this place is much quieter and things are done on a smaller scale. My coconut bread was buttery light and fragrant. I appreciated the tastiness.
4	L'elysee Bakery is highly recommended for people who aren't fond of sugary cakes! I love coming to this bakery because their Taiwanese fruit cakes are the bomb and hella cheap! For a huge decorative cake that would feed about 5-8 people it only cost $28. Be WARNED they do not take credit cards  make sure you have cash on hand!I have been going to them because their cakes are scrumptious and their decorative fruit cakes are impressive and really delicious to look at! All the parties I attend I bring this famous cake and everyone was impressed with their mouths open.This bakery is located right next to 168 grocery. I would try the fruit cake one of my favorites and the taro cake, I suggest calling ahead because their cakes always get sold out fast, you can order ahead as well that way your cake and fresh once you get there.
4	Not a whole lot of options but their freshly baked breads are delicious and fulfill the daily Chinese bakery craving. I swear these baked goods are gonna be the death of me! It's impossible to leave the bakery with just one item since they're so damn cheap and equally as impossible to "save them for the next day." If you're unsure about which filling you like they have these cute mini-bread samplers of 3 different flavors. They have the standard taro, red bean, custard fillings as well as hot dog, pork sung, and ham and corn for savory options. I highly recommend anything with coconut!
4	Oh How i've missed this bakery since I've moved back to Nor Cal.  Its there shredded pork buns I missed.  Soft, moist and tons of shredded pork and butter on top of the roll.  I have never been able to find a place which serves better rolls. :) Unfortunately, i'm too far away to come back to this place.  I gave 4 stars because its pretty much hit or miss.  Sometimes they have it, other times they don't.
4	I walked in on a Sunday morning.  I was surprised to find a bakery open on a Sunday.  The gal was wrapping freshly baked pastries.  They were located on S Jones Rd in the Market 168 shopping center in Las Vegas.I looked around.  I picked up a hotdog wrapped in a bun and some cream cheese bites.  The woman didn't speak/understand much English.  I pointed to something on a tray and she pointed to something else that didn't even look like what I pointed to.They are a CASH ONLY store.The hotdog was really good.  It was child-sized, not enough to make a meal.  The bun was chewy and soft.The cream cheese bites came in a clear plastic box of 4 bite-sized pastries.  The cream cheese was sweet and creamy.  The outside was soft and flaky.  They melted in my mouth.  I didn't realize I ate all 4 of them standing in the kitchen.I need to buy more of both of these pastries before I leave Las Vegas next week.
5	love this bakery, yummy pastry
4	$25 dollar minimum for credit card3.5 starsL'elysee Bakery is hit or miss. I've been here a couple of times on my way out of the supermarket to try and pick up so sweet treats. I've gone when they've just opened, when they've been opened for a couple of hours and when they've been opened almost all day. For me, the best selection is when they have only been opened for a couple of hours. I went the other day around 1030 and there were some super duper fresh items. Like the pineapple bun with filling inside and I actually got a mini trio of the (Custard (which I normally get), red bean and taro) because it looked that good. I also decided to give their egg tarts another chance as it was just baked fresh at 9 am. Yep, this time everything hit the spot. Even the egg tart which I didn't like last time because I thought the crust was so thick and hard to eat was a lot more edible this time. There seemed to be a lot of empty spaces but there were girls putting buns in bags and on the table. Overall L'elysee is pretty good but make sure when you go when their stuff is fresh or else you might be a little disappointed.
4	I've been waiting 4 months to return to this bakery.  They were located on S Jones Rd in the Market 168 shopping center in Las Vegas.  They now take credit cards for purchases over $25.I chose the same 2 items I bought last time.   The hotdog wrapped in a bun was like sweet  Hawaiian bread wrapped around a hotdog.  The cream cheese bites were as good  as I remembered.  Yum!I will be back!
4	I dropped by on a Sunday because I knew they would be open.  They were out of the cream cheese bites to my disappointment.I tried a Ham Roll.  It was savory with a small amount of ham inside.  The texture of the bun was soft and chewy after microwaving it for 20 seconds.  This was my favorite one of all the new ones I tried.The Pork Sung Bun looked like a popover.  The top of it was layered like puff pastry.  The filling was dry shredded pork, like tiny bacon bits.  I would not get it again.The Custard Bun with Maple Syrup was like the bun from a dim sum house, except with a smooth top.  The custard was soft and creamy.I bought a combo pack of mini cheese, ham, and corn buns.  The Cheese Bun just had cheese on top.  There was nothing inside.  The Ham roll was a mini version of the one described above with ham inside.  The Corn Bun was unusual.  It had corn and ham on the outside.  I would not buy the Corn Bun again.  It came in a larger version too.And of course I had to have the hotdog wrapped in a bun.  I bought 2 of them and stuck them in the freezer for later.I will be back.
4	Walked by this place after having lunch at Wendy's Noodle Cafe and decided to check it out and grab some snacks for later. This place is fairly small and various Asian breads and pastries are displayed on shelves thoughout the store. They were baking in the back while I was there because I could smell the aroma of freashly baked bread and knew I had to grab some selections and get out of there before I got hungry again! I picked 3 different breads: green onion, dried pork puff and milk top bread, which were all soft, buttery and tasty. When I went up to the register to pay,  I noticed they  have a $25 credit card minimum! So yes, be sure to bring cash unless you're going to be stocking up on a case of goodies because most items are between $1-3.
4	I was in the area and my first instinct was the stop for a boba drink, but then I thought better than that for my sweet option since it's pretty nippy outside. Looking around, I came across L'elysee. Since it was the end of the day, their inventory was pretty low, but they still had quite a few options available. What I did try was really tasty. The flavors were really nice and it was still fresh. Definitely a little treat and everything was best of all, cheap. The service was friendly and efficient. If I'm in the area, I will definitely be back to try some more of their items. Best to come earlier in the day and you will find more items available to choose from. Their cakes look delicious and beautiful as well.
5	Great bakery! I've been coming to this bakery for more than six years and I like it! The food is great and tasty! Everytime I come in, they greet me. Every year, my family keeps buying birthday cakes for me and my brother. Without this bakery, I would die!
1	I could not give these guys any business since no one- NO ONE THERE- out of the entire staff in the entire restaurant- could make a latte. Like, I asked, and it's on the menu, but they told me no one who knew how to MAKE A LATTE would be available for an hour. I was gonna eat there, but if you, management, cannot manage to scrape up one staff member per shift who can make a latte I will assume you also do not have the sense god gave a goat and I do not want you to have my money.
5	The best Taro fruit cake that's I always get for everyone's  birthday...from they've been opening until now. But still want it more even we have different one. I'm taro cake lover:).
1	I was there today with my family to buy a roll cake, all I ask is cut in half & the owner poked his mouth in said NO!! GO TO DIAMOND BAKERY . STUPID! What kind of service is that! That is horrible, I can't believe they are still in business with that attitude. I will NEVER come here again. EVER!!!
4	Very good pastries, service was not bad either. Not sure why there are so many complaints on their service, it's a bakery, I barely need to talk to anyone through the whole process. I took off one star because even though everything tastes amazing, their cakes look pretty meh. There are so many asian bakeries with much cuter cakes, they need to be inspired a little more.
1	I used to stop in here often and pick up a few snacks/rolls. I thought they were fresh and hit the spot for a quick snack. I came in recently, asked the counter girls if they had baked BBQ pork buns? They all stared at me, so I asked again, and this man, sitting at a table, drinking coffee and reading a paper, yelled, No! Hmm, interesting. Not exactly the service or treatment I would expect as a customer. I will never go back.
1	Tiramisu tastes like crap.... literally has no flavor and crapp asss cheap texture.....Waste of money and expensive chinese rolls..... i can make all they make better than them!!!!
