5	Let me just start off by saying that I've only been in Arizona for 3 days and I've already been to this Sonic twice, so I guess that means I'm a fan.I had never been to a Sonic before because there wasn't one in the area I lived in Washington, but my husband talked about them ALL THE TIME!  So once we moved down to Maricopa it was pretty much a given that we would be going pretty soon after we got here.  The first thing he noticed was that it isn't a full car hop like the ones he had been to before.  You go through the standard drive thru lane and give your order to the giant speakerbox but then afterwards you stop and wait and someone brings out your food and takes your payment then.  He wasn't too fond of that but since I didn't have a prior knowledge of how it was "supposed" to be done, I thought it was pretty cool.The food was very good for a fast food place.  The first time I got the popcorn chicken meal with tator tots and a cherry-limeade slushie.  All of that was great and the slushie helped my sore throat feel a lot better as well.  The second time I got the extra long coney chili dog with chili cheese tator tots and a strawberry-limeade slushie (I'm not too adventurous with my drink selection yet).  And let me just warn you, when they say "extra long" what they really mean is this hot dog is longer than your forearm.  Needless to say I was not able to finish even half of that monster.  The tots were awesome with chili and cheese and I discovered that I liked the cherry-limeade over the strawberry, but that's all just personal preference.The service was good, everyone we talked to was friendly and chipper.  The second guy who came out to our car apologized for the wait even though I didn't notice one.  I guess it took 3 minutes instead of 2 to get our food or something.  I liked that they go through all of the food to make sure that everything you ordered is there and made correctly before they have you pay for it.  Most fast food places I have to sit there and go through the bag before I leave to make sure they didn't screw something up or give me someone else's food.Sonic is definately a place I will be going to again if I'm in the mood for some good fast food.
1	Been here 3 times in 5 months.  Each visit is a nightmare.  The help is not focused, they do not pay attention to your order.  The food is sub standard for sonic, and I will not be back.  Last visit was easy, a burger and tots.  The tots were forgotten, and the burger was so overdone it was crusty.  I would give negative stars if I could.
2	The staff is friendly but I think not really paying attention. One time I went here, I ordered only $4 worth of food. I gave the girl  $20 and got back $11. I did not realize this right away because I got a bunch of ones! The next time I waited for a really long time. The girls kept coming out, passing me, and asking if I ordered the items on the trays. At least 8 cars pulled up and were served behind me. Finally, a girl asked me what I did order. She came back and told me my food had been sitting there all along but nobody picked it up. She said it was there for a really long time and she thought someone left without it. I would have thought that the car waiting a really long time may be there for the food that has been sitting there a really long time! My food was cold and my ice cream was melted all down the side of the cup. I gave her the ice cream back and asked for an unmelted one. Seriously, you don't give someone ice cream soup! You take the initiative to make a new one!  I asked for a chili dog with no cheese, and completely confused the girl. I have been back, but I do not order ice cream, do not request anything off the menu, and pay with small bills. The food is not the best Sonic I have had. It is just okay. I think that if they did just a drive up window, serving one person at a time, maybe they would be less confused and possibly get things right more often.
3	Cool little place. A Sonic that has a small dining room. This was cool. The food was as good as any other nation-wide chain. The service was the same.
1	I think one star is too good for this place.  All too often, when I order anything fried, it has such a bitter, horrid taste to it, that I'm convinced they don't change their grease out enough or don't clean the fryers properly.  I ordered cheese tots and could only stomach two.  It's a half hour later, and the horrible taste is still in my mouth.  This is how our food comes out at least 80% of the time, and I will never, never, NEVER order any food from this Sonic as long as I live.
1	This Sonic is disappointing. The one at 51st Ave & Baseline is much better. When I order something there they get it right 95% of the time. At this location it seems to be wrong 95% of the time. Pretzel dog: all bun, no dog. Waaaaaaaay too much mustard on it. I really like mustard and I had to scrape some off just to be able to eat it. Not sure why I keep coming back to this location, but with the limited offerings in Maricopa I guess you just bite the bullet every now and then just to mix it up. Tater tots are good, though.
1	This place is no good at all.  My wife loves the slushes so every once in a while she will pick up lunch/dinner.  After the last time I told her enough was enough.  Food is always cold and greasy as all get out.  My Texas toast was so soggy from grease it was hardly edible.  Service is slow, prices are high and the food sucks.  No thank you.
1	Decided to give this location another go since I'm pregnant and been wanting a cherry limeade. My friend ordered cheese tots. They came out without the cheese melted hardly at all- just two slices of cheese places on the tots. It took several minutes for them to answer the buzzer again and then said they'd bring out new ones. When the new ones came out only half the tots had cheese (so one slice now instead of two) and the other half wasn't melted again. Buzzed again and asked for the manager. He came out and I asked for a refund and he said he would make another one. We were on duty ambulance crew and I said no thank you we have to get going, we would just like a refund. So he takes the receipt and comes back with the $2+change for the tots but then says to come back and ask for Adam and the next meal would be on him. I can't understand for the life of me why he didn't just refund my partner's entire meal instead of making that offer. I can guarantee we won't be back!
1	This is the the worst Sonic Burger I've been to.  The young lady who took my order on the phone wasn't polite or patient even though the restaurant was empty.  She told me that the ran out of bottled water.  Are you kidding me?  In the middle of the Arizona desert you run out of bottled water?  I asked who's job it was to order the water and she responded her manager who conveniently wasn't there when we were.  Tap water tasted like it came out of a rubber hose.  Speaking of water, there was water (?) all over the men's room floor and my daughters said the ladies room was filthy.  Food was marginal at best.  Kids slushies had  a nasty aftertaste and they wouldn't finish them.  Will not stop here again.  Ever.
1	After my previous bad reviews I vowed to only come to this Sonic during Happy Hour for half price drinks. Turns out they can't do that right, either! Came with hubby and daughter who both ordered those drinks with the Nerds in them. We went through the drive-thru...get halfway home and ask my hubby if I can try his, so I do and I say "well the cherry part is good but I didn't get any Nerds"...he says "yeah I didn't taste any either" so we open it up and there are NO NERDS. Open up our daughter's and...NO NERDS there either! Not worth driving back just to get Nerds...just highly disappointing, although not surprising.
1	I was highly unsatisfied. The restaurant itself was unkempt, then when I was placing my order, the employees switch and it was two different people. The second order taker was extremely rude and had an attitude with me for no reason. Not only that but she blatantly wrung my order in wrong and when I tried to work with her to fix it she just cut me off. The only hospitality and courtesy I received was when they messed up part of our order and replaced the sandwich. Lastly it wasn't until I got home did I realized they had every order wrong.
