4	I have been coming to this store for many ,many years now. It is open 24 hours a day. I know that for sure, once I had to get my girlfriend pantyhose for work @3:30 am.It has a Pharmacy,with a drive thru. Which I still find odd for Drive in drugs. But,I guess it is good if you have sick children in the car.It has a really good selection on everything, you can even buy food here.Cleaning supplie, laundry products,etc.They have a great little photo dept. as well you can get photos developed as well as reprints and movies, even copies of photos that are 30 years old.What more could you want?They have great sales all the time, every week and the have a CVS reward card, let me tell you this card is well worth the time it takes to use it.Lots of savings here for sure.There are 2 ways to get into the parking lot here as well. One from Rural and the other from Southern. Nice big parking lot. With a few Pan handlers of course.
4	This is a convienant place to go to. I like CVS and I needed some photos developed.I dropped off 2 dispossable camaras here for double prints on a Wedding we went to recently.They were ready the next day. Though I could of had them ready the same day if you so wish. When I went in ,they were ready as promised. Resonable price for 2 packs double prints.  I liked the photos but, they just seem a little dull. I feel the color could of been better on them. They do ask you if you want them Glossy or Matte. I had chosen Glossy. I don't know maybe the Matte would come out brighter.Regardless, I was happy and they did what they said they would do and that is good and I would come back again.Don't forget to use your CVS Card for points and coupons in the future.On a side note, still have those Pan handlers hanging around. I wish they would get rid of them.
1	I made an appointment to get a flu shot here.  got several emails telling me not to forget and when I showed up at 8 am on a Monday morning a girl shrugs her shoulders and tells me they are not doing flu shots that day.  after I missed two hours of work this sucks.  never going to cvs again it is always a bad idea no matter which location you go to.
2	Went in twice to get my son's prescription filled, was told each time that they were out of stock of the given medication, but would be getting it in in a couple days. Asked them to hold my prescription and fill it when the medications arrived; they wouldn't. Called on the third scheduled delivery date to save myself an unnecessary trip, and was told they couldn't tell me over the phone whether they had gotten the medication in, because it was a narcotic. Fine, regulations, whatever. But they also wouldn't tell me whether they'd received a shipment of ANY medications that day. This pharmacy has zero respect for its customers' time, and I won't be going back.
