1	Save your time and money.  Lunch took almost 2 hours from start to finish.  One waitress for whole restaurant.  Are they kidding? Extremely slow service even though restaurant wasn't crowded. Slow getting water and menu to our  table, slow getting coffee,  slow getting entree.  Lamb kabob entree ($9.95) okay with about 1/4 cup tabouleh and 1/4 cup hummus.   Baklava given to us for the slow service was ONE piece for 2 people!.  Okay, the waitress or owner was being very, very cheap.  That would have been okay if the baklava wasn't the worst I've had: greasey phyllo, dried chopped walnuts with absolutely NO honey or sugar syrup.  Won't ever go again even though waitress apologized profusely for the fact that she was the only waitress.
4	Went here with a friend over the weekend - the place was totally full! We were told it would be a half-hour wait, so we headed over to Starbucks to wait. When we came back, there was a table waiting with a little reserved sign for us. We tried the muhammara as an appetizer - delicious! The chicken schwarma and chicken kebab were also very good, generous portions for each! I will definitely go back. The service was a little bit slow, but it was a busy night, so it was totally understandable. The waitress was very friendly! The owner/manager  was also walking around, checking on tables, chatting with customers, which I always appreciate seeing.
5	Delicious food and great prices. We come here very regularly and always enjoy ourselves to no end.
5	The food was as always delicious. We live in the area and are regulars both for takeout as well as dine in. This is an authentic Syrian restaurant serving only the best ingredients marinated and prepared perfectly. This restaurant is a must for anyone in the Madison area.
5	Home for Shish Cafe expats...it's the same people and the menu has gotten closer to Shish (it was already almost the same) the times I've been there.As before, get the jibne. It's a plate of fried cheese! And it squeaks like a good cheese curd.
2	The owner of the Shish Cafe (Robye) moved here after his last endeavor went belly up. Everyone loved his last restaurant, I guess making money is different than making great food. This one in my mind is not as good. I always gave the Shish 5 stars and recommended it to everyone. At Palmyra I ordered the signature dish and it was disappointing at best. Many of my favorite menu items were missing. I have not been back since.
