4	saw Blair's review of the place and  i figured WTF i drive by ths place all the time, why not give it a try ?!?Hit it for lunch last week and i'll be damned ! decent philly steak ! And i haven't had curly fries in a long time and these were good by me - dunk 'em in the 'ol ranch dressing I'm coming back for sure.Cost about $12 bucks with the diet coke - might be a lil on the pricey side but they did have some lunch / dinner specials that i'll try someday soon.  pic added
4	I'm a regular...Patty melt is outta sight & reasonably priced.  Everything is cooked to order served hot & delicious.  Never have to wait more than 15mins for our order. However, service suffers on Thurs. due to gaming specials the place is packed!
2	Be careful of what activity is going on when you visit.  DO NOT  for food go when there is a drawing or contest.  Your food and service will suffer greatly!
4	I have been going here for four years and seemed to have not put in the good word for this neighborhood video poker bar. Not too much has changed, the prices went up slightly, but the food quality is still top notch. Tonight went with the old standard, the Philly at $9.99 with your choice of toppings and steak fries. I really never had a bad meal here. The cheesesteak has the rolls directly from Philly and real steak being chopped and cheese folded into meat. It's a large sandwich and one of the better secret Philly's in the area.     Waitresses have been there for years and are all very nice, but TV's are new and HD and a huge screen is in the dining room.; Other things i love here is my fav, the Turkey Melt with bacon and cheddar on grilled sourdough and the Pot Roast and the Veggie Omlette for breakfast with potatoes and onl;y 6 bucks. Oh yeah, onion rings are quite worthy too.; THis place does deserve props for its longevity and solid food over the years.
5	Gotta try their chicken Philly and their red velvet cheesecake! Both are supper yummy!
4	Because it's out of the way for us, we hadn't been to the Triple Play in years.   Went in this past weekend and we were thrilled that the philly steaks are still among the best in the city.  It's so good that I'd give it five stars if it weren't for the smoke.  As it is, I won't eat in LV "restaurants" that are attached to bars because the smoke smell ruins the food...but I make an exception for Triple Play.  Outstanding philly steaks...it's just that simple.
4	This place has wonderful bar food - the best Chicken strips in Las Vegas!  I order the medium, and it's great.  The zucchini strips are great- they are beer battered (not breaded w/crumb topping) and tasty with the cheese sauce!  Enjoy!
5	I love this place!! All the food is amazing. I recommend it to everyone!! Their Philly cheese steak is the best I have ever had by far! The food is ALWAYS hot when you receive it.
5	A.K.A. The best Philly cheese steak in town hands down. If you have ever read any of my reviews I gets down on the steak and cheese. Yes I eat them plain but that don't mean nada. Food slingers is now closed formerly #1. Pop's is NO good they use frozen meat. Well Vegas is never ending when it comes to entertainment and apparently never ending when it comes to steak and cheese sandwhiches. I stumbled upon this gem of a place because I had a coupon for buy one get one free in the entertainment book and boy did I get lucky. Yes it's a bar, yes it's smokey on one side, yes the service isn't great and YES the philly steak and cheese is delicious ( it has now been comfirmed by the philly phanatic lol) I've been here 5 times since and always get the philly. They also have steak or curly fries which makes it even better. The meat is amazing steak it's gotta be rib eye and it's goooooood perfectly seasoned also on a nice soft bun. I cannot confirm nor deny cheese whiz though sorry. I do swiss. The vegas Villains
5	This dive was one of my main hangouts in the 90's. The Philly cheesesteak was the best in Vegas. I just moved back to Vegas after 12 years in Texas. I stopped by the Triple Play wondering if the food would still be as good as I remembered. I was not disappointed. The Philly cheesesteak was still as good as it was back in 1993. I'll be eating here frequently. Glad to be back in Las Vegas.
4	Nice spot... famous for their Philly cheesesteaks. Being from Philly, we're hard to satisfy, but these were very good. My wife liked the chicken cheesteak better and I favored the meat. But both very good. As good as any I've tasted in Vegas. With all that, the service was even better. Dina was friendly and helpful and although an ex-New Yooorka, she is a good reason to return and try something else on the menu. One slight negative, the cheesesteaks were slightly overpriced. Didn't like the fries, liked the colealaw
3	Hmmmm. This is a Vegas classic, dark, smokey, cheap drinks and cheap food. I was there with a group of maybe 12. We did find seating, although we had to inhabit one of their 4- plex poker machine table thingys. I'm not much of a gambler but this place obviously caters to them big time. There are quite a few machines of all types stuffed into this place (and this place isn't all that big)There was some kind of big wheel thing that people were spinning off and on throughout the night, not sure what you win, but it was the center of attention when someone stepped up to it.Like I said, cheap drinks and cheap food. Friendly bartenders are key, and they nailed that one on the proverbial head. You can tell the regulars there too, nice people they were. Easy to strike up some convo with. Not a place I'd go out of my way for, but if in the area, it's a good watering hole for sure.
4	I can confirm that the cheesesteaks here are really good. Good portions which mean that you should plan a nap after eating here to work off the food coma. Good onion rings too ...
5	good prices for a heffty amount of food!! nice quite place maybe be a distance away from the strip, but its worth it if you have someone who can drive or can afford a cab ride there and back
4	Good food, good prices, and friendly staff.  I have yet to have a bad meal here.  Give it a shot you won't be disappointed.
5	Let's face it folks, watching Top Chef at 2am is going to lead to a little night food hunt.A quick thought, I have not been to Triple Play in....Well years, far to long actually...And I want a good Philly Cheese Steak...So off we go, the wife complaining that I am dragging her across town (15 minutes) to a place she has never been (she's been a couple of times) and she probably won't like (she did the couple of other times).Anyways, it looked closed when we rolled up at 3am, never have I seen the parking lot empty, but tonight it was...This cannot be good ! Has the place closed down? has the food gone to hell ? Nope it was just dead.There was a time that all I had to do was walk through the door, the waitresses would put in my order and bring me a diet coke...Those days are gone, now I am a nobody...How the mighty have fallen...Guess I should visit there more than once every 5 years huh.Anyways, I ordered the Philly cheese steak with mushrooms, the wife had the burger, would the Philly still be good ?Oh hell yes it is, the meat is good, the cheese is good (no cheese wizz used but hey it's Vegas not Philly) and a fantastic roll.There are certain things that bring back memories for people, smells, sights, taste...Yep this Philly has not changed in the 20 plus years I have been eating it. It really is the best in town and certainly worth the drive to get it.As a note, it was actually displaced for a short while by a philly place set up in a Texaco gas station at Lake Mead and Buffalo (now gone but not forgotten) so if you're a Philly lover go for it.The Cheeseburger also got the thumbs up from the wife.The service was good, as the only people in there it should be, but the server was friendly, quick to refill drinks and didn't press us to pay the bill quickly...Ok, Philly, cheeseburger, two soft drinks..$18...Yep I am happy.
5	You want atmosphere?  You're not gonna get it here.  We must have driven by Triple Play a million times and never noticed it.  It's a hole-in-the-wall kind of place that's nondescript on the outside.  But with an Entertainment coupon beckoning us, we figured it was a good place to go for a quick dinner after a show at LVH that ended close to 10:00 p.m. and was on the way back home. The inside isn't more impressive than the exterior:  dark, a little smoky in the restaurant from the proximity of the bar area, the video poker machines populated by the sort of locals who you just know have an intimate relationship with the stool they're sitting on.The dining room - mostly vinyl-covered booths surrounding a few pub tables in the center - was tired-looking, and I would have jumped at the opportunity to be handed an expense account to do a complete make-over.So with all these negatives, why am I giving Triple Play five stars?1.  The food is delicious.2.  The portions are BIG.3.  The prices are incredible.4.  The service was outstanding.5.  The leftovers meant no cooking the next night.One star for each.Oh, and the last time I saw a glass of wine in a restaurant priced at 3.25, gasoline was .75 cents a gallon!  But five stars is as high as I can go.Besides the usual burgers, sandwiches, and cheese steaks (which the waitress said is what they're known for), there are dinner entrees. The entrees come with soup or salad, plus two sides.  The soup of the day was vegetable beef, which was calling my name on this very cold night.  It was astoundingly delicious - homemade, not overly salty, with big chunks of very good beef and lots of fresh veggies.  Our server said they use prime rib for the soup, and prime rib is their Saturday night special.  I hope it isn't made with peoples' leftovers!My Lemon Chicken was wonderful, a grilled chicken breast pounded thin, well-seasoned with lemon and herbs, but without any gloppy sauce that that dish often has.  For my sides I had a [big] baked potato, and veggies, and I was delighted that the veggies were fresh string beans, carrots, and mushrooms.  In this kind of atmosphere I'd expect canned, but they weren't even frozen!Hubby chose Chicken Teriyaki and ordered the same sides, but started with a salad instead of the soup.  His salad was very big, and had a lot of stuff besides the lettuce. We were here two nights ago, and since we said we'd definitely go back, we did tonight, and so I'll update this review momentarily!  Oh, and unlike many video poker joints, the kitchen here is open 24 hours.
5	After walking all day at CES at the Convention Center, there was no way on God's green earth that I was going to go home an cook dinner.  Even the thought of microwaving a couple of Lean Cuisines was more work than I could bear.  So a scant two nights after our first encounter with Triple Play, we decided to return.  Hubby was eager to try their well-respected Cheese Steak.  I figured I'd get some sort of sandwich, too.  But when we walked in and I saw the little blackboard announcing that Tuesday is Chicken Tortilla Soup, and the Entree Special was Pork Roast for 7.99, it was a no-brainer.At that price I sure wasn't expecting much.  But I'm a quick learner, and the lesson here is that you can get quality, quantity, and a low price all in one little restaurant check.The Chicken Tortilla Soup isn't exactly the same species as what you'd get in Mexico.  Here it was very thick and creamy, and very, very spicy.  I'm not a fan of cream soups, not because I don't like them, but because they don't like me.  But I have to admit, though,even through my burning throat and running nose, that it was delicious.  I tasted the Cheese Steak, a food I've had maybe twice in my life (for the same reason as cream soups); it tasted fine, but since I'm no connoisseur, I have no idea if it deserves the accolades accorded it by the waitress and other reviewers.  Hubby sure liked it, and for him to like something that doesn't cluck is a major deal.I couldn't believe the plate of food placed before me when my Pork Roast special was delivered:  three thick slices of the Other White Meat, a portion of savory and delicious stuffing, a scoop of real mashed potatoes, a small cup of applesauce, a bowl of gravy (I asked for it on the side), corn off the cob, and a slab of hot and tasty garlic bread.  $7.99?????  I don't understand how they do it!  I would have preferred the green veggies from the other night, for color and nutritional balance, but I sure ain't complaining.  Oh, the pork was a little bit dry, but since I really don't touch gravy, I couldn't benefit from that moisture.  The weight of the take-home box assured me I'd be having this meal maybe two more times.Hmmm, I forgot to look on the menu to see what specials are on the other six nights of the week, but I'm sure I'll find out in person before too much time passes.
4	Pretty good priced food.  Graveyard specials are good as well.  Looking forward to trying the philly next...
5	Food is good and cheap!
4	This bar has been here since before my time, and I finally went, the other day. I had to try the Philly. It was delicious. I grew up with my server, so my service was on point. She's a great gal and works hard to make sure everyone's happy. Ask for Gwen, and try the Philly steak. It's a Vegas icon. Oh, and sorry Pop's, Triple Play is better!
5	Best Philly's In Town Hands-Down!!!! You also save money on the Graveyard Shift!! You Get a Choice from Steak or Curly Fries!!! Almost enough for 2 People! And If You Like to Gamble, They Have the Old-School Gambler's Bonus Machines with the Progressive on Every Game even Bonus Poker! Awesome Las Vegas Original!!!!
5	If you are looking for a chicken or beef (philly sub)  they have the best.  Loaded with your choice of meat and smothered with cheese and all the extras.  Service is great too. You can get in and out if you are on a time crunch.
5	This review is based solely on the cheesesteaks. I've had them a few times now and they never disappoint. I'm arguably kind of a cheesesteak snob, and have had a bitch of a time finding a proper one out West, but I can't find anything negative to say about these. They are absolutely perfect! I really can't add much more that hasn't already been said 200 times in other reviews, so I won't even bother trying. I just wanted to add my $.02 worth and here it is: If you love a REAL cheesesteak, this is the place for you. Simple as that. Maybe, one day, I'll get around to trying something else from their menu, but considering how good their cheesesteaks are, I'm guessing that will be quite a while away.
5	Had to get my fill again of their medium buffalo fingers - I get it with a side salad instead of fries - yummy!  They close on the December 20, 2013 so get your favorite items while you can.
5	My husband and I discovered the Triple Play on Yelp, so many good reviews about their Philly Cheesesteak so we had to try it! Well let's put it this way a month has passed and we can't get enough of it! The Philly Cheesesteak is juicy, cheesy and just darn right delicious! So this morning (12-8-2013)we thought let's go try breakfast. Well my hubby got breakfast which was delicious but I had to get the cheesesteak with extra mushrooms! As we were enjoying our meal we over heard the waitress tell the people in the table behind us that December 19, 2013 will be the last day the Triple Play will be opened. My husband and I turned around in disbelief. She informed us the owners sold the Triple Play to Jackpot Casino and the new owners will not have a kitchen. Very sad news considering the Triple Play has been there 27 years, and also very sad to know a lot of people will be out of a job during the holidays. It's very sad to see a great place to eat close, there are not to many good eats in Vegas especially home cooking.
4	This place has GREAT Philly Cheesesteaks!  Fat Tire on tap.  Video Poker.  What's not to love??  I'll tell you.  They're closing on 12/19/13 at 8 pm.  Sad.  Go get a cheesesteak before you can't.
5	Had chicken fried steak breakfast here, it was amazing. There are  not many places I'll even order it from but on that morning I was preparing for my ride back home in Cali so I wanted to make sure I'd be good and not need to stop on the way. I had my pup with me, he is a service dog, and they were so totally cool about letting me have him in there. I shared my breakfast and he approved as well =) The gravy was amazing, the food was nice and hot, and the service was impeccable. This place is awesome! Great food, great prices and machines at the bar where I ate so I could play a little while waiting for my breakfast to arrive. Also, the coffee was great and drinks were made VERY well! Not watered down like most places. Just a really great place to hang out, gamble a few bucks and have some really great, fresh food!! I would highly recommend this place and I plan on going again.
5	If you are looking for cheesesteaks, go to Boodles Tavern and Gaming at 7006 W. Charleston at Antelope. Chef from Triple Play now leasing their kitchen. Check it out. You won't be disappointed.
5	Ive been eating these cheese steaks since I can remember. They still exist! Over on Charleston and Antelope. Triple Play American Grill check it out for yourself. They are amazing still!
4	Hands down, one of the best cheesesteak sandwiches in Vegas!!! Still the same after they moved locations!! Awesome food!
