4	Not bad. Definitely not my favorite. This is a very small place with good customer service, at least this has been my experience. The menu is mostly your basic NY style pizza, subs and some pasta. The only one chicken choice is chicken parmigiana, other then chicken wings. Go here with the knowledge that the menu match's the name. If you live in the area, your lucky they do delivery! So yeah, guess what I ordered? A pizza and a sub. Plain cheese pizza was good. The meatball parm sub was very photogenic. (I am really getting into this whole food porn thing, I need to start taking more photos) If you like cheese and meatballs you need to order one a dee's suckers. I might have given them three stars because the pizza crust was too chewy (too much chew, not enough crisp crunch for me) and very skimpy on the sauce. The sub was really loaded down with cheese like a heart attack waiting. Service was good and they seem to be Yankee fans so I will go back to try other items but since their name says "NY pizza" I needed to get that one squared away.IMO, my favorite is some tough competion but four stars says" Yay! I'm a fan.
5	I'm not gonna lie, this is some of the best pizza you can find here in Charlotte.  I always order the combo pizza with ricotta, mushrooms, onions, and sausage, and have not found a better pizza anywhere. Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed.
4	I ordered two slices and they were bigger than my head. But more importantly they were great.  Just like you would find in the New York City area.  Great price too!
3	I am a New Yorker orginally and a pizza snob and I am sorry this is not the BEST in Charlotte.   Although it is very very good it is still missing what Tony's in Ballantyne has perfected...crispy crust.  Your pizza needs to crunch!  The taste and amount of cheese and sauce were perfect and the garlic knots delish as well, but not the best I'm sorry.  I will be back no doubt if I am in the area and the price is great especially for the size...I would even say top 5 but no blue ribbon.
4	This is some of the best NY style pizza in Charlotte. Took me 5 years to find a good pizza joint. This ranks right up there with Upstate Pizza, but NY Pizza is closer to my house. Highly recommend to anyone that appreciates a real NY style pizza!
2	I wish I could have given this pizza a 5 star but even a 2 was pushing it.  I've seen this place several times off s blvd and thought i'll try it i just wanted a slice of pizza.  I ordered the sicilian cheese pizza an garlic cheese bread, my friend ordered a salad an wings with no sauce just fried.  I had my pizza and cheese bread before he got his salad, not a good sign. It took them 10 mins plus to throw some lettece , 2 tomatoes an a few black olives on a paper plate !!!  I finished my pizza an bread before his wings came, if they were busy it would have been a different story, there were less than 5 people in the whole place. Anyhoo, back to the pizza at hand, the sicilian was just some dough and cheese thrown on top not impressed.  The wings were so small and fried hard, somebody needs to teach these folks about pizza an wings.  I wont  go back, I read somebody's comment that the service was fast I had to laugh.  Heres a little extra for you, as I walked to the bathroom i'm not sure but looked like a generator in the hallway just saying.  As I walked in the bathroom I was taken back to see the toliet with no lid, now we know us ladies dont sit on public bathrooms but i found it rather odd.  But you decide for yourself if you'd like to try this place :)
3	Not bad and not extraordinary.  This is what I call an "if" place.  By that, I mean:The pizza is pretty good, *if* a little greasy.  The service is polite, *if* kind of sloppy (I got my food a good 10 minutes after my coworkers got theirs).  The prices are reasonable, *if* not amazing...and so on.The slices here are huge, so you only need 1, especially if you ordered a side.
4	Have seen this place time and time again, but this weekend finally went and tried it. Live near here so called the pizza in and was ready withing 15 mins. and I had to wait in line to pay, Pizza was huge and great, cheaper and better then any chain pizza!
3	Make it 3 1/2 stars. If you want NY style pizza that's exactly what you get. Not that real NY pizza is the best mind you (far from it) but it makes for great comfort food. And this one is not tasteless like "Tony of Charlotte"s pizza. Hey Tony NY called and they want their subway map back, you fake!I had a slice of Sicilian with extra cheese the first time (Yes!) and a plain slice the second time. If you saw the pizza that Trump shared with Palin this is it. It tastes exactly like the pizzeria from across the street back when I lived in New Yawk, at least before the Greeks took over and ruined it. Plenty of cheese (extra would be an overkill) good sauce and a huge slice for $2.45. No, it's not crispy! NY style  pizza NEVER is -other than Frankie's in Miami, I don't know how they do it.  Not even Ray's Pizza* was crisp. NY style is rich, gooey and runny. And you tap a paper napkin on it to absorb some of grease so it doesn't run all over your chin. This is not fine food, it's pig-out comfort food. I've long outgrown this stuff. For dinner it's crispy, thin crust brick (open) oven or nothing but a slice for lunch ... hits the spot like the good old days.Wanna know what's not authentic about this joint? No freaking way that you'd have to wait for a simple slice in NYC, especially not ten minutes like you do here. Are you kidding me?I haven't tried any of their toppings and honestly they didn't look too famous, I'd stick to the plain slice or the Sicilian w/extra cheese.*  Ray's pizza became famous in the seventies, there was only one location and it was called just  Ray's Pizza - the night shift cabbies stopped there at 2 -3 am, that's how the word spread around. All these "Originals Ray's", Famous Ray's are just copycats. A thanks to Mike S.  for reminding me!
4	With a name like New York pizza, you would expect the pizza to be New York style and that it is. It's thin and it's large and its cheesy and it's very very good. But I think that it's not as good as Luigi's on South Tryon. Yes, they have stuff other than pizza but with this name why would you have anything else?Excellent pricing - two slices for just under $5.Typical pizza joint with some booths and tables and you can see the kitchen areas clearly. TV on the wall tuned to a sports channel.
5	Coming from New York City and eating this type of fast food for my entire life I have to say these guys are on the mark.  They live up to their name.  Charlotte does not have alot of authentic NY style pizzeria's.  This is my favorite by far, perfect amount of seasonings, great tasting crust.  The hero's are good as well, chicken parm and meatball are the only one's I've had and they are both good, but you go here for the pizza.  Don't waste your time with the others, if you like NY pizza then you'll love this place.
4	I'm a big fan of this place, it gives us more variety in the Starmount/Montclaire area. No offense against the Latino restaurants, but they are all over the place with roach coaches to boot. If the dudes that run this place are not of Italian heritage I'll eat my tennis shoes. Any way great non chain pizza. The best steak subs since the Pizza House on Central. Somewhat slow at time, but I think those cheese steaks take longer the way they are prepared. Never tried anything else but pizza and subs. No need to.
4	There are certain things you're never going to find "excellent" in Charlotte and instead you have to settle for "good enough".  New York style pizza is one of those things.  This joint is one of the better places (along with Luigi's) and lets you indulge in your slice fix as best as you can in the South.It's got everything you're looking for in a NYC pizza place: big ass slices, the need to dab the top with napkins, and reasonable prices.  They even deliver which puts them a notch above Luigi's in my opinion.Is the the best NYC pizza I've ever had in my life, no.  Is it damn good for the Queen City, yes.
3	Looks like new york pizza, feels like new york pizza, but the taste falls short. 1st time here will try one more time...
4	This place is right around the corner from my house and I have always wondered about it because there is zero flair to the exterior and it's in the middle of strip mall.But because a friend who loves NY style pizza tried and loved it I decided to take a chance.They serve pizza by the slice and true to NY style they are huge thin crust slices that you can fold over to get it in your mouth. If you see someone take a knife and fork to it, smack them. I assume it could only add to their authentic NY experience. THen show them how to eat it properly. Fold nearly in half, insert into mouth.If you don't like pizza, you probably got dragged here with a friend but it's okay. They serve subs and salads too.I will definitely be back for a slice or two but hope to also try their Italian subs.
3	I went to a pizza place and got a sub... I know, I know....I literally drive by this place twice a day and have never noticed it.  It is in a shopping center at the intersection of Archdale and South Blvd.  I work close by and some coworkers had gotten takeout pizza before and it smelled delicious.  Since I am southern by birth and have no frame of reference for New Yawk style pizza, I am assuming based on the oooh's aaah's and regular visits of our resident Lawng Islandah that this is the real deal.  If huge, greasy slices are what New York pizza is, then this place fits the bill.  It did smell delicious, but I declined that day.  Everyone seemed happy and full (although a few came by my desk asking for Shout wipes and Tums - I guess we are all accustomed to chain delivery places).  A lil grease in moderation never killed anyone though, eh?Today a group of 8 of us ventured over there for lunch.  We arrived right around noon and the place wasn't packed, but they were relatively steady with people who seemed to be regulars (that's a good sign).  You order at the register and then wait for your food.  With 8 separate orders, we should have known this was going to be a bit of a cluster, but we all enjoy the company of the others, so it's all good.  The pizza slices came out immediately.  Huge slices, layer of grease on top... they all looked and smelled delicious.  The pizza peeps were happy and we told them to eat and not wait on us.  And then the wait began...I ordered a meatball parm sub and a drink ($10).  The girl who ordered behind me ordered the same thing.  The girl behind her ordered a calzone. 2 ham and cheese subs after that.   I honestly couldn't see behind the counter when they were making the sammiches, so I am not totally sure what happened to the orders after me.  The pizza slices were on the table quickly, 1 of the 2 ham and cheese's came out.  Several minutes later my meatball sub.  Many minutes later (10-15?) the pizza folks were done, I had started on my meatball sub and fries, and we were still waiting on the calzone (which could have been made fresh, which would explain the wait), a meatball sub and a ham and cheese sub.  Someone from the table got up to check... another 5 minutes... here comes the meatball and the calzone.  Finally our lone remaining order of a ham and cheese sub, who luckily is the most patient and wonderful of the group, asked for his sandwich to be put in a to-go box as we had been there for almost an hour by then.  With 8 people all at the same time, and all ordering separately, the timing of the orders really can't be judged, but 30 minutes for a ham and cheese sub is a lil nuts.  And to have two of the same order, ordered back-to-back, that were spaced at least 15 minutes apart, that was a little odd too. The food was quite good.  The sub was a standard meatball sub covered in cheese, but the fries are AMAZING.  Double fried or something to make them extra crispy, but oh so delish (extra blockage, hooray!).  The calzone, when it finally got to the table, was huge and served with marinara.  I didn't hear any complaints from the rest of my group and the portions of the sandwiches were large enough that most had lunch and then got a to-go box with the other half for another meal.  Good restaurant for a "slice and a Coke" (my only frame of reference for ordering pizza in NYC is an episode of Sex and the City), my only suggestion would be that if going in a large group, stick to slices so everyone is eating around the same time.
1	i created this account just to leave this review reading all the reviews about this place some saying good some saying bad i had to let you know if you like chuck e cheese pizza you will probably love this place me personally im a grown up with taste. if this is what you call thin crust ny style pizza you have no clue, i would rather have papa johns dominos or pizza hut. this pizza was so bad i still have a weird taste in my mouth while writing this review,  if you want real ny style pizza go to luisa's pizza on abby st off montford near park and woodlawn they toss it and brick oven bake it, i love how i see people writing this is the best pizza in charlotte OMFG they have to be friends with the owner because i can name so many better places for pizza revolutions in noda is the absolute BEST, mellow mushroom, brixx, luisa's, theres even a bowling ally on montford called george papas that has better pizza then this place if you waste your money on this place im sure you will be in the same postion i am in pissed off and writing a review.
4	Used to get their specials and pizza's but due to their portions getting smaller and prices getting bigger I just go with slices-which are delicious btw. Staff is always friendly and quick. Sad to see my favorite calzone go to the waist side though.
3	Hello friendsI thought I'd written a review but I guess not. This time the "New York" pizza wasn't so "New Yorky" to me. There was no way I could fold the pizza the way i could with other "New York" pizza. It was pretty crowded. I like this place. Just caught em in a "Non New York pizza day" I guess. I'll go backTTFN
5	Can get pizza by the slice and the stromboli and garlic bread are excellent as well. NY Pizza also has extremely quick service.
5	5 stars!... solely because it's honestly the closest to true NY pizza in Charlotte (far and away). I've lived in Westchester and Fairfield county all my life (until a year ago) and I've tried the rest... this is the only pizza in CLT I look forward to eating. Enough said!
4	Have to agree with other folks here. It's a hint towards great NY pizza, or perhaps another style of NY Pizza that I've yet to experience. Regardless, I'm a fan. It was pouring, bitter cold, I had been sick all day, and I wanted some effing pizza for dinner. These guys were awesome. Can't comment on dining at their home base on South Blvd, but the delivery, as was the product, was fan-freaking-tastic. Simple ordering. They deliver in a 5-mile radius from the shop. We're just in at 4.7mi. Score! We were quoted about an hour due to the weather and every other soul in Crown Town ordering pizza at that exact moment. However, our delivery guy showed up in about 40 minutes. Bless his heart, man. He was a trooper. Super nice guy, too.Went with the 18" (more like 18') white pizza -- add spinach AND tomatoes. You apparently get either/or. Also scored a slice of their stuffed pizza. First, the stuffed slice. Stuff is awesome. Manageable to pick up and eat like a normal slice, but fork and knife made it easier for dunking into the marinara. The marinara was a little watery for my liking, but not a deal-breaker. I inhaled it. Not just because it was the only thing I had eaten all day, either. The white pizza. Goodness gracious, it didn't even fit in the box! It was massive. Each of us ate one slice and called it quits. Had we some friends over it would have been gone, no doubt. Good luck tackling this monster with just two. The flavors were great. A little overzealous with the ricotta, but the garlic flavor was nice. I'd order it again, but not in the 18" variety. I'm a fan. I'd definitely count on these guys for trusty delivery yet again, but look forward to dining in house with a nice, foldable slice of cheese or pepperoni!
5	This place is amazing. It is my go-to pizza place! I haven't had anything from here that was bad. Although I wouldn't get the garlic bread again, the garlic knots are phenomenal. The baked ziti is sooooo good too. If you want some great pizza or pasta, this is the place!!
4	Mmmmm....GREASY goodness...I mean dab it with a napkin and it's still covered in grease kinda good slices here! I was craving some pizza and wanted to step out of the big chain places so off to New York Pizza I went. It was pretty busy for a Wednesday night. But I was able to order in no time, just one pepperoni slice....and it was less than $3 so that's a win.The inside is quaint. It's a couple of table and chairs, booths, tvs...nothing fancy.My pizza actually came up pretty quickly and I was out the door in no time! The pizza crust was good, there were plenty of pepperonis, cheese...and of course grease! The sauce had a little kick to it, but it was not overwhelming and I liked it. I agree with Ben G, it's a different "kind" of NY style pizza...but still very tasty! I look forward to trying their wings and fries and subs, when I was waiting for my order someone had ordered the philly cheese and it looked delicious!
5	I've been here at least a dozen times for lunch.  The pizza slices are huge...If I closed my eyes I would think I was back home.  Great crust.  Sandwiches are great and the wings are superb.  This is my go to place when I want to take a pizza home.
4	It took seeing this as a REVIEW of the day to inspire me to write about this......I LOVE THIS PLACE.  Bryan introduced me to it as one of the few pizza establishments in our Park Road/Archdale subdivision that delivers!  AND IT IS GOOD!  When you are craving NY style pizza, the fact that with one phone call it comes to your door within 30 minutes, hot and greasy (just as NY Style pizza does)......is pure amazingness.  I've only tried the pizza b/c I can't get past that.  Only down side (hence the four stars) is that they are closed on Sunday and that seems to be the day that I crave it the most (damn Chick-Fil-A syndrome!)  .....lol....seriously, if you're in the neighborhood, don't be afraid to pop in and grab a slice.  It is GOOD.
3	Although the service was nice, restaurant was clean, everything was just okay. I ordered a slice of pepperoni and a side salad. The salad was large & fresh, however the ranch dressing was right out a store bought jar. As for the pizza, it was served hot, but the crust was a little hard & like the ranch, the pepperoni tasted like those pepperoni's bought in the bag at the grocery store. I ended up picking those off & enjoyed basically a cheese pizza. Unfortunately it didn't meet up to Tony's, still my favorite New York Style Pizza!
5	We were looking for a place to grab a quick bite & found New York pizza. I had a meatball sub & my husband had the chicken parmigiana sub- both were excellent.  12" subs with fries for a very reasonable price. We wrapped 1/2 of each sub to take with us, but splurged on dessert- tiramisu and cannoli. Again, fantastic! The staff was extremely busy, but not too busy to check on us to be sure everything was ok. If in Charlotte again, New York Pizza will be my 1st stop
5	I'm not from New York, I am definitely a southern girl, but when I imagine the best NY pizza possible I think of this place.So cheesy, so delicious. My friends and I can't get enough! I love a slice with Italian sausage, I love the stuffed slice with a side of marinara, and the manicotti is truly addictive!
5	I got the stuffed pizza slice with marinara dipping sauce. Cheap, fast and delicious!
3	Owner was rude.  The grandkids were active and knocked over parmesan.  He tried to yell at them but rethought his actions after my look of concern.  Must admit that he can cook though!  Pizza was relish and my meatball sandwich with sausage was absolute to die for!  Lah is was good.  Kids loved their pizza as well.  And they eat all of my tiramisu before we got out of the car!  It was that good.  I smeared my finger over the bowl and was in love.  Try everything.  It is good.
5	Love this place! Good food! Great service and that includes dine in and take out. Their portions are huge! Me and hubby always split their salads. And the pizza is great! Love the New York style.
5	The best pizza I have found in Charlotte. To start, these folks use ovens that are well seasoned (they moved them down here from CT!) and the staff consists of experienced pizza through-ers!  The result is a crust that is not too thin, a tasty, balanced sauce and baked to perfection pie!My recommendation (and favorite) is the mushroom, onion and sausage pizza with a side of garlic knots and hot wings.  This is a feast for a hungry crew!
5	Attn all Northern imports! Get cha pizza here! No seriously. This is authentic New York pie that I've been searching for awhile now. They deliver to Southend too. Quick! Doesn't get better than that. Fah get abou itttttt
5	Great place, tasty food! Went hungry and ordered so much had to take the rest home.Single slices are huge like 2 pieces in one. The stuffed pizza was great and not chewy or greasy.  Got the tuna sub, very good. Slice of pepperoni and the Sicilian way better than any other place. Fuel pizza in town can't compare,  wish there was one in Rivergate!
4	The evenings hunger attack let me to New York Pizza as New York I wasn't feeling like getting into the great debate of if the pizza was as good as that back home. So I took my trusty taste buds and ordered the calzone and some wings instead . The hot wings, while they could a been a lil bit hotter for my tongue, they were tasty,  flavorful, and down right delicious.  My pepperoni mushroom and onion calzone was a work of art. A long time lover of calzones, they could not have done any better if they contracted me to come over and show them a few tricks.  I finished this off with some hot cheesy garlic bread that was succulent..... M
4	Visited this place for dinner tonight....NY Pizza gets 4 stars because they are true to their name.  The pizza is exactly as what we have in NY.  The only small difference is in the crust.  These guy's crust is thinner than the regular crust of NY pizza, but other than that, this is NY pizza if I've ever had any.I bought a a 14' plain chees pie, some buffalo wings and a 2 liter bottle of coke and paid $14 for it.  The food was good and so was the price.Thanks to the yelpers for pointing this one out!!
4	I have been hearing rave reviews from friends and have yet to been. Was over on this side town and figured it was the perfect time. We ordered buffalo wings and a large pizza with 1/2 cheese and 1/2 pepperoni and banana peppers. The pizza came out first. The crust was a slightly thicker than I find at other NY style places but this made it nice and crispy and it held up, so if you like your pizza loaded this crust can handle. The cheese was fresh and full of flavor, sauce was perfectly seasoned and not overly sweet and a good ratio of sauce to cheese. While the pizza was excellent hot and fresh from the over, I enjoyed it even more after it sat in the fridge at home. The wings came out next, they were super hot and smothered in spicy buffalo sauce. They were cooked to perfection, nice and crispy even with the sauce all over it. I would recommend checking this place out for sure, they had a good menu variety with sandwiches, calzones and Italian dishes so there is something for everybody. I have a chicken parm or meatball sub in my future!
4	Delivery at a Hotel on 11/5  Garlic Knots were some of the best I had every had - seriously good!  Side Salad added cheese and asked for Caesar Dressing (extra) - and it was much bigger in size than I thought it would be. Lettuce was crisp & fresh.  Got a medium pizza with Pepperoni, Onions and Sausage.  I was debating on adding banana peppers and the gal said, why not just get them on the side..it was prefect - that way they were crisp and fresh and not cooked.  All this food and delivered for less than $29.  Great value, quick service and great food.  Cant go wrong here!
5	attention : new york pizza does not have online ordering there is a website named : www.bringmethat.com that has them listed there, however this website is a scam they have noo agreements with any restaurants on their site . also their prices are way higher . please call if you want to order from new york pizza .
5	Best pizza in Charlotte hands down. Their antipasta salad is great and their Italian dressing we absolutely love. Their hot hoagies and and their pasta dishes are amazing.  We always order from here. You have to try it.
5	Pizza looks great.  Wings were good. Customer service is very nice. Establishment is very clean.
3	I ordered plain cheese pizza and garlic knots. I normally would just pass a place like this, but the other yelp reviews made me decide to give the place a try. Everyone was pleasant, the food came out promptly. I wasn't impressed with the pizza, I found it to be too hard. If I tried to fold it like an authentic NY slice, it would've split. The garlic knots, on the other hand, were amazing! They were warm, soft and seasoned very well. My daughter and I gobbled these up. I'm curious to try their pasta, so I will be back for that and more garlic knots. I'll pass on the pizza.
5	Awesome food!!! Awesome owner Cesar is the best!!! Really big portions... I'm addicted to their salads I know salads at a pizza joint what can I say
4	Ordered pizza from New York Pizza the other night, and I was quite satisfied.  Pizzas are large - we ordered two larges for eight people and had plenty left over.  The garlic knots were amazing (as everyone else has mentioned), and the pizza was tasty as well.  We got the "two larges with one topping each" special for $25, as well as wings and garlic knots.  Wings a little small and not anything special, but garlic knots were great.  Only downside with the experience is that the delivery boy must have tilted the box when on his way here - pizzas were smooshed on one wall.  Otherwise, perfect experience!
