5	meets my expectations!!!!
4	Last night was my first time in 32-years having Papa John's pizza.  I never knew much about them until this season watching the NFL and last night I broke down and had to go pick one up.  I'm glad I did.  I ordered 8 of the buffalo chicken wings and a large pepperoni and black olive pizza....it was good!  I say "delish" but I HATE THAT word...but I just used it...agh!  Anyways, it was great pizza.  The chicken wings were not the greatest I've ever had but they weren't bad.  I would never go their just for the wings but I will definitely go back for pizza.  It was fun waiting for it in the lobby because everyone seemed to be having fun and laughing.  Customer service was great!
3	We frequented this location for about 5 years and were always happy with the quality of pizzas that we got. We stopped going because $15-17 is a lot to spend on a take-out pizza. I can get a Streets of New York pizza across the street for that price, and it's better tasting.  We usually get Costco or Little Caesars for take-out.
3	I order online from here. The pizza building website thingy is awesome. You can tailor your pizza by the 1/2! Tonight I went with the Fiesta! Beef, sausage, jalapenos and a couple other things. Was pretty tasty on a thin crust! $9.99You gotta click the link for specials - there's always a bunch of deals going on, so you can save some $. The downside to that is not all the deals are well-described. (e.g., You can get an AZ Cardinals deal, but you only know the price...not what it consists of until you click into it)...that's kinda lame...Anyway, the toppings are fresh, the guys at the shop will open your box and show you it matches your order. Good for special requests like "well done crust".I usually pick it up ( It's in the Fry's market/Hobby Lobby shopping center), but sometimes we have it delivered. No problems there either. They always offer cheese/red pepper packets either way. The garlic sauce and pepperoncinis are 75cents ea extra, but ya gotta have 'em! Don't forget to add those onto your order!
1	I try to not give out 2's and 1's for ratings but I really can't stand Pappa Johns..  Do yourself a favor and pay a few bucks more for some good pizza.  If you insist on greasy chain pizza, Hungry Howies is the only choice..
5	We placed an order for delivery last night online and not even 20 min later our doorbell was ringing. The pizza was piping hot, exactly how we ordered and very tasty!Kudos!!
2	Love Papa John's, location is clean. Young lady behind the register was quite rude and snappy. Will not be back to this location.
5	Wow,I placed an order here last night and the pizza was to my door in 15 minutes!  I got a pepperoni pizza with a chocolate chip cookie and the cookie's are to die for. Also if you order online there are a lot of good deals going on.
1	I wish I could give this place a good review since the food itself is usually good and they have some decent deals.  But the fact is that make far too many mistakes with their orders:  Once they only brought me 25% of my actual order and more than once a driver would forget something, promise to return with the missing item and then abandon me.But the main reason Papa John's has lost my business is because the Phoenix Director of Operations, Christina Carter took it upon herself to send me a homophobic email describing gay people as vulgar and stating that I should take my business elsewhere.  Prior to this, I had boycotted Domino's Pizza for years because of the company's antigay attitude but never in my entire life have I ever heard of an employee of a company (much less an upper manager) directly targeting a specific individual customer and telling them "We don't want your kind here."I notified both the corporate office and this store of Ms. Carter's actions and neither place could even be bothered to do so much as to issue a minimal apology, implying that the company itself fully condones, supports, and encourages Ms. Carter's reprehensible actions.  If you give Papa John's your business, just be aware your pizza will be topped with hatred and bigotry.
