2	PROS: * The apartment units are beautiful, especially if you can get a loft (which is a top unit). Hardwood floors, stainless steel appliances, granite countertops...open and airy feel. We were fortunate to be one of the first tenants and got a unit facing the creek and trees in the back. It was so relaxing!*Salt-water pool*Quiet in the unit (perhaps it was because we had really awesome neighbors).*Maintenance is fast and friendly.*Valet trash. How lazy am I?*Gated parking garage*Friendly neighbors and events to build community within complexCONS:*Parking is tight. Even though there are a lot of spaces, they are tight and I've almost gotten hit from residents flying around the corners.*Projects are always left unfinished. For instance, they have been working on the irrigation system or something at the front entrance for the past 2 months (I think it's finally finished by now), the lounge has been in a DIY remodel for at least the past 3 months, and the shared community spaces are still waiting to be finished since they opened in August 2010.*The projects that they do complete, take way too long (see above con). After 10 months, they finally finished getting a security gate installed. Meanwhile, there were 3 break-ins to people's apartment units. Since then, however, no break-ins have been reported and I feel safe living here.*Some of the front office staff do not send a "warm" or "welcoming" vibe. Rather, I've felt intimidated to go in and ask for something. Some seem unhappy...*Communication between the management and tenants is lacking. See above. When I've gone into the office to ask about changes, they seem defensive. Perhaps because some residents are not happy with the anxiety experienced from the changes, like having 3 management properties and change in owners within the first 3 months of living here. *Rent has increased by $200 a month and no upgraded or finished amenities to justify the major price hike. *Staff said they don't reserve elevators for moves. First come, first served. Not convenient for tenants.We would have enjoyed living here longer just because of the pros. However, it's expensive rent and getting the increase motivated us to look at other options...for the same amount that we were paying in rent, we purchased a house and our monthly mortgage is similar. If you don't mind the expense, stay to yourselves in your great unit, you may like it here. However, if amenities and customer service are important, look elsewhere. There are many other apartments in Charlotte that have fabulous, completed amenities & units for the a similar price.
5	This review is based on my experience BEFORE move in. I'll add another one after I've gotten settled at Cielo.My experience with the leasing office has been fantastic. Anita and Tabitha have both been very welcoming and professional... even when I've probably been slightly frustrating to work with. They've let me tour the building multiple times, they've responded to all the emails I've sent them in a timely manner, they've changed our move in date for us without complaint, and they've remembered my name and always greeted me with a smile. 4.5 isn't an available rating, so I've decided to give Cielo a 5. The only negative thing I can say about Cielo so far is that it's a little pricey.
5	Moved in here about a month ago. So far it has been amazing. I have the loft option which gives me that chic bachelor feel to the apartment. Anita was very helpful and got me in here ASAP. I know I was very quick and she was right there with me. Another pro is that it is convenient to South Park mall, highway 77, and walking distance to Montford Drive. All the amenities are perfect and another reason that sold me on these apartments was the fact that the parking garage is gated. We will see how this year unfolds,But so far everyone has been nice.
3	Updated!The building itself is really nice, but I wish the amnesties got more attention. The blue ray player in the theater room rarely worked, and I tried it many times. The pool table was always missing balls. I would also recommend not getting a unit that faces the pool, it can get loud at times. I don't regret living there, as it's a really impressive building, but the cost (1170 for my studio) is a little high.
4	Have lived here since August 2014, and I've been really impressed with the apartments and the staff so far.  The building is very eco-friendly, which means your power bills will be low but you may hear your above / next-door neighbors.  However, no one is too loud, and this is an apartment after all.  The thing that stands out to me is the quality of the staff - they go above and beyond to help out.  Maintenance is quick, and does a good job, amenities such as gym and movie room are well maintained and above average quality.  Location is also perfect - I commute daily to Ballantyne but wanted to be close enough to uptown to enjoy it.  Would highly recommend this place, though would get one more star if the walls & floor were a bit thicker!
