4	Three words, Thai Yoga Massage. Wonderful experience. Staff was friendly and courteous and the locale itself is just lovely.  Four stars not five is because I was expecting a different sort of  Thai yoga massage. =p Nevertheless it was a fantastic experience.
4	I haven't used the services myself, but i sent my girlfriend and her mother there while i was playing golf at Trilogy and they loved it.  It's behind the gates of the Trilogy community, so a bit off the beaten path.  But the therapists were very good and the setting is pretty spectacular.
5	I'm not going to lie... the drive to Alvea Spa in Trilogy at Vistancia is quite far.  A lot farther than I thought.  But once I arrived, I was extremely impressed at this little hidden gem of a community in the Northwest Valley. I wanted to go check this place out since they are participating in "Hawt On Yelp," and since I was making the drive, I rewarded myself with an appointment for a facial and brow wax.  Lucky for me, my appointment was with Suzanna, and she was incredible.  But let me back up a second...  before I met Suzanna, I met Maggie.  Maggie gave me a quick tour of the place and brought me to my locker where I met the most comfy robe I've ever put on my body.  And then I was escorted to the heaven that lay ahead of me in Suzanna's room.We started with the brow wax and I could tell Suzanna was good as she carefully explained what she was going to do to make sure the brows were even and cleaned up just right to accent my eyes.  Next the facial began and she talked / educated me just enough so that I could relax and enjoy but learn a little something too... several scrubs, a partial pumpkin peel, a mask, exfoliation, and moisturizer later, I was given a choice: hands, feet, or neck and shoulders.  I chose feet.  Deep exhale.  No words can explain how amazing this was.  I didn't want my time to end, but it did... :(And as I type this, I wish that Alvea Spa was just a bit closer to home.  However, if it were, I could see spending a lot of time and money there, so maybe (for the sake of my checkbook), it's a good thing it's not!  Regardless, if you live, work, or play anywhere near Peoria, go pay this spa a visit.  It's a beautiful facility and I am willing to bet money on it that you'll thank me later!
5	If you are lucky enough to live in or near Peoria you might already know about Alvea Spa (a little piece of Heaven on Earth).  When entering Trilogy (the complex Alvea Spa is located) you are transported to lush, luxurious grounds and the sounds of the many waterfalls around you. It gets even better when you enter the spa itself.I was greeted by a friendly staff member who escorted me to the ladies changing room, tranqulity lounge and the refreshing outdoor jacuzzi (secluded and surrounded by mountain views).Now that the scene is set let me walk you through my services.  Adorned in a comfy robe and slippers with water by my side I entered Pam's room for my massage.  After inhaling the wonderful scents my body relaxed so I had to be awakened to turn over.  Pam gave me a few pointers to work out my knots at home but believe me she did a great job and I will be back.Fully relaxed I then entered Suzanna's den for my facial. Suzanna knows her stuff.  She evaluated and suggested and away I floated to a clean, buffed glowing face.  What I liked best was her knowledge and how she educated me to the reasons one should exfoliate, moisturize, scub and peel. For me Alvea is a bit far from home BUT after my services and lunch on the terrace viewing the mountains I know I'll be back.HEAVEN isn't always around the corner...Kudos to Chris Farley for running a top notch operation.
2	Thanks to the Hawt on Yelp Week, which allowed me to sample some choice spas at reduced rates, I booked a couple's massage at Alvea Spa.  The experience turned out to be mediocre, and I wouldn't consider going there again.  This is what I didn't like about the place:1.  No one told us prior to our visit to bring our bathing suits so that we could use the pool during our stay.  I would have taken advantage of this opportunity had someone told me.2.  While no outright discrimination occurred, both my girlfriend and I got the distinct impression that our massage therapists were not comfortable working with a lesbian couple.  I felt a strange vibe in the air and didn't say anything, so I found it interesting when my girlfriend later mentioned feeling the same way.  3.  I was not impressed with my massage.  We booked a Hot Stone massage, which I never had before.  The stones themselves were relaxing and a fun treat to a standard massage.  The massage itself was forgettable at best.  The womyn grazed her forearm back and forth along my back quickly and with little pressure.  At other massages, therapists have been easily able to pinpoint the areas of my body that are holding my stress, and they will give more attention to those areas.  This womyn, however, seemed more concerned on covering all the different areas in the allotted fifty minutes than she was in actually working on the areas that needed it.  To be fair, my girlfriend stated afterward that her massage therapist did a great job.  We ended up tipping them both 20% just because I didn't want her therapist to possibly get the lesser gratuity I *wanted* to leave for my therapist.  4.  The music was distracting and not relaxing.  I also wondered why both of the therapists were explaining the procedure to us; they were talking at the same time, and their comments were overlapping, making it hard to catch everything they were saying to us.
5	I get waxes here and they are great! Relaxing,  personable staff, beautiful accommodations, and for me living in Vistancia it's extremely convenient!
5	When I am looking forward to a massage, I want to know that I am going to feel that I had my kinks worked out but also in a way that makes me feel pampered and relaxed. The massages that I have had at Aleva have always been all of that and more. From the moment you are taken back to change, to the tranquil areas that you can sit after your wonderful service, special is how you feel! They also have monthly specials on the website also. Do yourself a favor and try this spa!
5	Just recently had another massage here and I have to say, it was even more amazing than last time! The zen garden is incredible and Katherine has magical hands. I can't say enough great things about this place. If you're looking to get pampered in a serene environment, I highly recommend this lovely establishment.
1	I just moved to Vistancia, so I was excited that there is a Spa close by, waited two weeks for my appointment for a gel manicure.  After having this service elsewhere,and disappointed in how long the gel actually lasted.  I was assured by Alvea that would not be the case there.  The facility is beautiful & clean.....receptionist was   friendly. My appointment was the last one of the day on a Saturday.  The tech was somewhat  friendly, she let me know she was ready to go home, so she sped through gel manicure.  Which she did not do the manicure part,  just gel process, but no manicure.  My nails were so sloppily done, there was product all over my skin & underneath my nails.  When I went to pay it was $55.00, more than I was told....they called it a full set, but that was not so, for it was over my own nails.  I then noticed all the crap still on my skin, and told the receptionist.  She escorted me back to the tech, she was less than pleased, told me I was picky.  She herself could not get product off my skin, It took a week for it to wear off.  Sloppy job!!! :(  Needless to say I took the gel off a few weeks later......for I am a cosmetologist.  It has trashed my nails, would not recommend.  Would not go back to Alvea Spa for nail service, very hesitant to try any other services.  I wanted to ask for my money back, due to bad experience, but did not......too stressful to deal with. Tech was less than professional, and did not act like she appreciated my being there.  Grateful to hear other clients have had good experiences.....that is hopeful for the Spa.
