1	I wish I could give zero stars !!! I visited this office for a routine annual exam to renew my Birth Control prescription . I had to wait over an hour before I was seen by Jenny ! From the moment she had walked in the room she was not pleasant with me she was extremely rude while I was telling her my medical history constantly snapping back with rude remarks. She was generally demeaning throughout the whole exam . She then told me that she was going to change my Birth control to a pill, and I told her that unfortunately I had many issues while on any pill form of birth control including irregular menstrual cycle lasting months at a time , nausea , vomiting , and extreme mood changes. and have not had any of these problems while using Nuvaring. She insisted that I change. I was uncomfortable with this so I decided to get a second opinion somewhere else. I got up, grabbed my cloths and went into the bathroom inside the exam room to change. While in the bathroom she came after me slamming the door open crushing me in between the back wall and the door . She did not apologize and had no medical reason to be in that bathroom ! I left the office shaking and crying in complete shock.She abused her power and authority and I am concerned for any other woman that she may injure. Please don't go to this office !!!! They are rude and only want your money even after all that they sent me a bill for my copay that I am still trying to work out with them and It has been over 2 weeks !
1	I paid a copay three times for one visit. The billing office and the front office do not communicate payments at all!!! I took my teenage daughter there to find out if she had been sexually active so that I could get her on birth control. The nurse who assisted the doctor in the office glared at me the entire time! She was not shy about her feelings on me making my sexually active teenage daughter get a pap test against her wishes. My daughter was not fighting, she was just not happy to be there and was embarrassed. Never mind the fact that I am being proactive so that we do not have any unplanned pregnancies to hinder her future! They flat out lied to me and to this day have not credited my account with any one of the three copays I have paid! My daughter is now 18 and decided to try the place out again. She had tests and is unable to get the results. She is treated badly. They just do not care about their patients. They are unorganized. And, they charge way too much. If I want to be charged for outstanding medical treatment, I will not go to a place that treats patients horribly!  I refuse to give any of them my business
1	I have never felt so ignored by a dr before. This is my 5th pregnancy and I believe I know my body better than they do. They will not listen to you, just tell you see you next week and if anything gets worse go to the hospital. I'm sick of it and if I wasn't already 40 weeks pregnant I would find a new OB stat!
