1	Yikes!A very nice salesman came in our office & we agreed to buy their water and have their water cooler. We signed an agreement stating they will refill our water every two weeks at a great price. Deal. Two weeks later, no water. I call and ask they say it's only refilled once a month. Well we are out of water and would like more please! FIVE DAYS later water shows up. When we go to use the new water, the cooler doesn't work! I called to have it picked up, we were over the service. They said they would come pick it up. I guess they came and fixed it two days later. Not what we asked for! I called again and asked why it wasn't removed, they said they would call back. Five days later I call them again, they tell me they will pick it up in 10 days. No thanks, we want it gone now. I feel like this water cooler is a disease I can't get out of the office! The manager is very nice, the lady who answers the phone is a complete snob who cares very little about customer service. This company needs to run like a business. If people are not satisfied, why leave your cooler there? We got this service so it would conveneince us, but with the amount of time I have spent on the phone with them it has been a complete waste. Sad that their poor customer service is pulling down the whole company. Let's see how long it actually takes them to remove it. It's been five days since the planned removal date...
5	I've had service for about 4 years and love my water! The people at Tahoe Springs are very friendly and nice!
5	Great Service! Been with them for 3 years now!
5	Great service and price. I've shopped around and this is the most affordable best tasting water out there!!
5	Love em! best water in LV best service!
5	AMAZINGLY great water!  Great service!  After a while, I got really tired of always getting bottled water at the grocery store.  My deliver guy is really cool and friendly.  Bottom line, best water in town, so get it!
1	FYI they sell filtered TAP water everyone.  Oh and when you try to complain about getting to many bottles I get crap about not being able to refund the water becuse of health restrictions.  Like im asking them to resell my water, please.  Here is a tip Tahoe,  If you have a water factory reslling filtered TAP water then it only costs you pennies, then to make a customer happy, EAT the extra water you have delivered instead of trying to get out of it by lame legal excuses.  It just shows you what kind of business bracticess you use.
5	They send you a text message a day before to inform you that they are delivering. I was finally able to ditch my bottled water because nothing tastes quite as refreshing as Tahoe spring water. I usually fear any sort of contract but it cost us almost nothing to start up (dispenser came with it). One bottle is 5 bucks, it's the same price & volume as aquafina value pack we used to purchase at SAMs club. Our guy even carries the bottle inside of the house whenever my husband is not around to do the job. Refer a customer and they will give you a month credit.
5	Great local water delivery company offering fair prices and great quality water. Both spring and purified, 5 gallon, 3 gallon, 1/2 gallon & 1/2 liter. They deliver every 2 weeks and rent coolers super cheap!
1	Even 1 star is a waste to this jerk ass company!!! We got their service around 1 month ago. The sales told us you pay $20 for the rental with 4 free bottle of water then you order at least 1 bottle every two weeks is fine. After the agreement signed up, here is water happened, the first week the put 3 bottles on the front door, second week 3 bottles, third week 2 bottles without asking! I called them to tell them we cant drink these much water. The man who answer the phone is such a mother fucker with an ass hole attitude! He told me that I am under the agreement of getting their water! Yes, I signed for 2 bottles a month, why the fuck on the earth you put 3 bottles every week without asking?! Then he tells me I need to call them every week if I want to skip a delivery!  You know what, I'm out of your fucking service. Take your damn equipment and get the fuck out of my house!!! I see there are other people also have problems when they cancel their service, I will see how is mine going!
