2	Standard family diner. Nothing surprising here. A decent place to stop for breakfast.
1	Oh. My. God.One would think that any restaurant in America's Dairyland, especially a chain restaurant that has been around for decades, could serve breakfast without screwing it up.Our family of three ordered breakfast for dinner tonight and this Perkins disappointed the heck out of us.One order was steak and eggs: the steak was supposed to be medium and the eggs over hard. What came to the table was a bloody, raw steak -- not rare, mind you, but raw -- and eggs with a translucent, inedible crust around the outer edge.Some of that crust ended up in one of the other orders, which was scrambled eggs with biscuits and gravy. One does not expect the possibility of breaking a tooth when eating scrambled eggs, but not one, not two, but three two-inch long pieces of that translucent crust ended up in the folded, dry "scrambled eggs."Another order of scrambled eggs -- mine -- had a long, thin, hair-like thread of indeterminate origin. Was it the same substance as the translucent crust? Was it a string from a hairnet? Was it a human hair? When I pulled it from my mouth, it split in two and curled up like elastic might curl up.Our server was appropriately apologetic and tried to make things okay -- the service was good, but the food was absolutely horrid!The manager asked us how our dinner was when we went to pay, so we told her. She took 20% off of our bill but, truly, the food we ate was overpriced at any discount. If we all hadn't been so darn hungry and tired, we'd have left without eating. And if I had it to do over, I would have insisted we all leave after finding the inedible translucent hard gluey stuff in the eggs and find somewhere else to go.Do NOT repeat our mistake. AVOID this restaurant. Try the IHOP down the road if you want breakfast. Go across the interstate to Texas Roadhouse if you want a steak. Go hungry if you must, just don't eat here. Please.
4	Was staying at the comfort inn next to Perkins and the clerk told me they gave 10% off for guests. I figure I'd get a late night burger and I wasn't disappointed. I called and ordered. It was coming off the grill in the time it took me to walk over. Burger was good and staff was friendly.
5	My wife introduced me to Perkins just this year and every time we've driven through Wisconsin, we've stopped at a Perkins. This was the 3rd Perkins that I've been to and have enjoyed the food and service every time.We both ordered pancakes with a side of bacon. The food was very good and the service was even better.My wife commented that either Perkins manages to hire the friendliest people or they have excellent training.
1	This is so below average. The restaurant decor is out dated and worn out.  Poor service below average breakfast and how do you even screw up breakfast. Manager asked how was everything I said "just ok"he said ok did not inquire. Food did not have quality flavor it was very bland.
3	Pretty good breakfast. Good service - I didn't wait at all to be seated or to receive my food.  I really like the food came exactly as I ordered it.
2	Well, The pie is good. The coffee is good. The restroom was gross. But they did have lots of parking. My breakfast was 75% correct. As the Yelp 2 Star rating says: Meh. I've experienced better.
3	Not so good. Eggs were overcooked, I could not chew the whites, and the hash browns were burned on the outside and raw inside. Come here for desserts only, not breakfast.The service was excellent and friendly and the restaurant was clean. Prices were quite high, three eggs and hash browns was $14.00 with coffee.
3	If you go here for the muffins only,  it's 5 star. The food is never as good as I want it to be.  The cheese in the ham and cheese omelet seemed processed and the ham seemed canned.  The turkey is processed butterball. Stick with the bakery.
4	It's not fine dining, but I've always enjoyed eating at a Perkins. They serve decent affordable comfort food. I've always received good friendly service and here was no different. The restaurant was just across the street from my hotel so it was pretty convenient for me. The entrance was sort of in the back.For this particular visit, I ordered the turkey dinner with mashed potatoes and corn. It was good as if it was an early Thanksgiving dinner. I had an ice tea with my meal and my server made sure to keep my glass full the entire time.
