2	I'm sure this review will be "filtered" because its a bad review, and I don't like to write bad reviews, but when it comes to hair(especially MY hair), I feel like I need to be truthful about things.anyways, heres my story: I got a coupon of the living social website so I thought I would try it out. It seems like a nice salon. Kinda hard to find since its so off by itself. The parking lot was empty when I got there but I figure since it was evening no one might be getting their hair cut. Another customer was there and her hair was looking nice so I wasn't expecting this kind of experience.I got my hair cut by I'm guessing by a new hairstylist who was new out of beauty school. All I wanted was for my highlights to be done and a trim. I wanted my highlights to be a caramel color. Well after I was done sitting she washed the color out and when I saw my hair it was YELLOW! Not blonde or caramel like I wanted. YELLOW. I said it wasn't right so we went back with the toner. The owner walked in at the moment and was asked by the stylist what color of toner I needed. The owner then mixed it up after asking me what color I wanted my hair to be. After it was washed out it seemed ok. Not caramel still, but looked at the time to be ok. So we proceeded to the cut. I asked for just a trim. She did start cutting but she was just talking away and I was noticing that she was not cutting my layers at an angle like I've seen previous stylists do with cutting. She was Just cutting my layers straight. She asked if I would like my hair thinned out and I said yes. She pulled out a razor and began to hack away at my hair with it. I don't know much about hair cutting but I know when other stylists have thinned out my hair its with one of those special looking shears made for that. So after a 5 MINUTE "trim" she started to blowdry my hair which that didn't come out bad and I paid and left. So afterwards when I got home I started looking at my hair closer. I noticed that my hair looking almost an ORANGE color. I just washed it today and now I see the real damage that the woman did to me hair. It looks absolutely awful! The "layer" that she hacked away at my hair look just monsterous and the top "layer" is almost above my ear so I don't know how the heck I'm supposed to be able to find someone to fix it. I'm trying to grow it out and its so bad I have a feeling I well have to hack a lot of it off. Its so raggity looking now..and that orange color is bothering me even more. This whole experience was just a waste of money.
1	I purchased a living social medi pedi.  The manicure was so bad I had to leave before the pedi.  Cut my nails to short after I told her twice NO, filed horrible, applied polish worse then my 12-year old niece.  What a waste of money and my time.  Don't go here for a mani or pedi, save your money.
