4	Hooray!  At last a restaurant within walking distance.  Luigi's is good.  We tried salad, pizza and pasta dishes.  I am very particular about pizza crust -- always hoping for that  New York/New Jersey thin crust, which is thin but flexible and tears rather than crunches.  Luigi 's comes pretty close, with nice slices of mozzarella and basil.  The pasta may not have been cooked in salted water, which left it bland.  Further, the pasta was a shade over cooked for my taste.  All in all, Luigi's is a much welcomed and tasty addition to the neighborhood!  Can't wait to try the paninis and the make your own cannolis.
3	I tried this place twice. It is pretty uneven. Service was choppy. Cheerful but our order was slightly wrong both times. It was quickly corrected. The pizza is OK but the crust is paper thin and the portion small. One pasta dish was great, the other was overcooked and dry. So I see potential but some adjustments should be made. Pizza Brutta nearby does a similar style pizza much more successfully, and Cafe Porta Alba does better with both  the pizza and pasta.The dining room was cozy and inviting. I hope they work out the kinks because I am really happy to have a restaurant in this location.
2	Finally got to visit the new Luigis with my kids.  We went mid-afternoon, so it wasn't crowded.Pros: pleasant ( we chose the cute booth with disco ball by the door), quick service, nice people, kids meals are super cheap.Cons: kids food was cold. My Italian wedding soup was reasonably tasty (better after adding salt & pepper), but the orzo in it was mushy. I was hungry, so ate in anyway.In sum, the kids were happy, but I've had better food.
1	Went to Luigis this evening to check it out. Our family used to patronize this restaurant when it was located downtown near the square and always enjoyed it. But something has dramatically changed. My son and I ordered two different salads and both salads were excellent. I enjoyed the house viniagrette dressing as did my son. But we both were very disappointed in our pizza's. He ordered the pancetta pizza and the crust was overdone on the outside but inside was soft and underdone. I ordered the Margherita Pie and was very disappointed. It was salty and the crust tasted like it was made with "Boboli" bread from the supermarket. I am a huge fan of pizza, especially the so-called NY thin crust pizza. But this place does not qualify for that style of pizza! I will not return!Madisons Pizza Brutta is still the best place in town for the real deal in pizza!
4	First off, this place is extremely family friendly.  At this point in our lives that is our number one priority when dining out.   Everything else takes a back seat!We visited Luigi's for the first time on Saturday evening.  We went with another family.  So... 4 adults and 4 kids under the age of 3.  We arrived at 5:30p and had to wait about 30 minutes - the restaurant was packed!  Not a big deal - it was a nice evening - pletty of areas close by for the kids to walk/run around.  The food was really good!  The adults shared  a salad (fancy), and a couple of pizzas (sausage and the special that day).  We really enjoyed the thin crust.  The kids menu offered pizza and some pasta options.  The kids portions were generous and reasonably priced.  Our waitress - i forget her name - sorry! - was great.  She was attentive, but not pushy.  She also had a good sense of humor, which really helps when dealing with 4 children under the age of 3.  The place was filled with a nice mix of people - families and couples, young people ,as well as, those with more grey around the edges.  The noise level was appropriate.  The concrete floors are a God send for easy clean up after the kiddies!Luigi's will definitely get put into the rotation for our weekly family dinners out and about.As Yelp says...  Yay!  I'm a fan!
2	I've had Luigis at least 20-30 times since they opened, but the only reason I occasionally still get it is because it is the closest place to get a bite to eat at.  The quality and size of the food is very inconsistent.  The same menu items are never really the same twice.  The ingredients and recipes are good, but the pizzas have trended towards being notably overcooked on the outside and very undercooked on the inside.  I have a feeling that this is intentional, and that maybe they are trying to emulate "NY" style thin crust.  I'm not sure.  Whatever it is, it's rather sub-par.  It just cannot hold a candle to Cafe Porta Alba which isn't too far away.  Even something like Glass Nickle is really much better, but like I said sometimes I suck it up and order because it's so very close.Another thing I don't understand was the decision to go to full service.  I thought the counter service was a plus for them, because I don't know about other people, but I tip 20% standard for full service, and $0 or $1 total for counter service, so the switch to full service ups the price significantly for me, making it that much less competitive.  I used to compare it against places like New Orleans Take Out, QDoba, etc when I wanted good food without paying for service.  Now I compare it with all other restaurants and it cannot compare.  The place was kind of designed around the counter service, so an error in judgement seems to have been made.  Also they really need new side dish choices with the sandwiches.  The sandwich I had once was great but the cold noodle salad was a true joke.  Luigis was a nice concept that has been poorly executed.  If/when a competitor opens nearby, they will lose half of their business unless they change some things.  Hopefully they will.
3	I'm not a "foodie", people, so bare with me.... this is going to be a "normal" review. I guess I could go into this review in chronological order...The ambience of this pizzeria was 'pizza-y". It was loud, a hand full of kids and the servers had those tuxedo T-shirts on. Kinda seem hokey. My 2 friends and I went here on a Saturday afternoon/evening. We had to wait 20min to be seated which is expected for a Saturday, So I'm not complaining. We had soda (also serve alcohol) and chatted while we waited. I was surprised on how small the menu was (one page, front and back). The waitstaff was funny and friendly but I hardly could get a refill on my drink. No problems with the pizzas or our order in general. I had a chicken pizza which was pretty good. We all had dessert, in which I had cheesecake. PRO- it was twice as tall as a normal restaurant slice of cheesecake. To-go boxes were needed for all. The price was average, maybe a tad above average. I'd have to say the whole experience (quality, quantity, service, price) was average. Thus the 3 stars. Would I go again? Yes, if I was given a gift card. No gift card? I rather go downtown...
3	The sausage pizza was very good.  The crust was thin but not too crispy - which is how I prefer my thin crust.  I'm no sausage expert but they say it's house-made and I believe them.  It tasted good enough to be such.  The pizzas are a lot of food for a good price, and if you have a light appetite, they can easily be shared. Hopefully the pizza is this good every time - other reviews note inconsistency in that regard, which sucks, because my pizza was one of the better I've had in a while.The meatball pasta was a flub however.  The tomato sauce was overabundant and way too acidic.  The pasta was overcooked in some places and undercooked in others; about half of the pasta was what I would call properly cooked.  And the meatballs were mostly flavorless and mediocre.  The sauce issue is odd because the sauce on the pizza had just the right amount of sweetness, and I'm sure it's the same sauce.  I would be reluctant to order any dish off the menu where the sauce isn't tempered by massive amounts of cheese and other ingredients.A companion's prosciutto pasta was delicious however.  It's the only pasta that features a non-tomato sauce, and they should change that.The decor seems to be suffering from split-personality disorder.  Industrial-style exposed ductwork?  Yep.  "Rustic" Italian stucco from the homeland?  Yup.  Classic pizzeria-style red-checked table cloths? You betcha.  It's pleasant enough but they may have been trying too hard.  Scratch that - they were absolutely trying way too hard.  The only thing missing is translucent-green plastic squiggly things hanging randomly from the ceiling.  And fake tuxedo shirts - oh wait.Overall, Luigi's is a nice addition to the area, but not a transcendent experience by any means.  A typical Food Fight restaurant.
3	The first time we were here it was for dinner. It was very crowded and a bit slow but the pizza was delicious.We came back two days ago for lunch. It was reasonably priced with the perfect amount of food for lunch! For about $8 we each got a small salad and a 6" pizza. I got the bada bing and he got pepperoni and mushroom. I highly recommend the bada bing- it has bacon, fontina, white sauce, caramelized onions, grilled asparagus, and roasted mushrooms. YUM
3	I had heard good things about this place and was looking forward to checking it out. In the end, the experience was just average. It's like this place hasn't reached it's full potential. I went with my Mom and we shared a carafe of white wine. The wine was not served very chilled which was disappointing. I ordered a small salad with arugula, mozarella, prosciutto and melons with balsamic dressing. It tasted good-but it was supposed to be an arugula salad and there was a lot of regular lettuce in it. The dressing was delicious. I think the presentation was a bit disappointing (the cheapy bowl it came in and the way the ingredients were cut up and thrown in) but overall it tasted good. I ordered the truffle oil fontina pizza and it was very good. My mom ordered the pizza with mushrooms, red onions and spinach and was disappointed in hers because it didn't have enough tomato sauce. Overall Luigi's was good - not sure if I would rush back. The prices make it affordable and they have outdoor seating which is nice. However, I think there are areas that can be improved to make it an excellent place.
3	I went to Luigi's tonight, and, call me jaded, but although the small $3.99 'fancy' salad was really tasty (blue cheese, nice greens, toothy thingies) the bowl it came in was (as one poster intimated) like something from a garage sale (and as another posted intimated, it was like a big pile of hacked up stuff).   The B. B.  pizza  (I won't spell it, just as I avoided pronouncing it at the restaurant)  was a sumptious treat, with a vast sea of cheese on a flat, flat crust highlighted by bacon peaks and sweet caramelized onion hills - - the thing was delish.  The welcome from the staff, and the obsequious service (no choice but to tip 25%; actually in many ways stellar excellent), was something that normally you would be grateful for, except that it was WAY over the top ingratiating.  Like WAY.Will I go back?   Yup.
5	Great food, perfect pizza
4	Not quite Neopolitan style, but very close. The Bada Bing pizza was a flavorful astonishment (bacon!!!), and the salad ahead of time was fresh and dressed properly. The wine list is short but enough to cover your dinner needs. The server was quite attentive (and she volunteered to fix a problem with the meal for my child even before we said anything).It was not fair to Luigi, but we noted the Chocolate Shoppe across the lot and skipped dessert at the pizza restaurant in favor of ice cream.  But, for you, you have the choice of either (or both if you're really in a dessert mood!) - Enjoy.
4	I'll admit upfront that I am writing this review shortly after visiting Luigi's where I did drink a significant amount of wine. But we had a great time sitting outside and wanted to express my enthusiasm straight away. The staff was very friendly and the food was good.To go into detail about how outgoing the staff was, the waiter went across the parking lot to the Chocolate Shoppe Ice Cream store to make our chocolate pudding cake 'a la mode'. The cake was very good. In conclusion: Pretty Good food (well above average Madison pizza), Very personable and outgoing staff, and a great all round experience.
1	I'm always disappointed. It's expensive and 3 out of 4 times I have not liked my meal. Portion size varies drastically, too, especially with to-go orders.
4	Good thin crust pizza. We had the Dough Knots as an appetizer, the 10-inch Popeye Pie for dinner and took home a slice of the Italian Creme Cake. Can't complain -- all was tasty. Best part? The price. The cake was somewhat of a splurge ($6.50, but the slice is huge) - otherwise, it would have been a $12 dinner for two. We'll be back to try more pizzas.We were there early for dinner on a Wednesday and it was not crowded (not shocking...). Our order was taken at a table, though several people came in to order to-go and went straight to the counter.
4	I've had Luigis now about ten times in the last year and I must say, I'm a fan. I've only had it for carry out so I can't speak of the table service. I truly believe that Luigis makes some of the best pizza in Madison, without a doubt! It's not Neapolitan and it doesn't pretend to be. However, it does sort of on the surface maybe a little bit resemble neapolitan pizza but with a real midwestern twist.The pizza has been somewhat inconsistant over the last year (mainly in the first few months)  but I feel they've worked out all the kinks.If you live on the near west side then I highly recommend calling ahead and picking up a double cheese (thick) baddabing to go, with a side of spinach and artichoke dip. Order doughnuts with dipping marinara as well, they make for a great little side.I don't think I would be sitting down for dinner since I can't have a rum drink here. Either way, It's a great addition to the neighborhood.
1	Our party had three different pizzas, all poor in quality - overdone and the toppings were sparse to say the least.  We had a VERY long wait for our food, even though it was a Monday and there were relatively few customers.  They need to rethink their kitchen and service.
5	Great pizza, great service, and the Dough Knots are addictive!
5	Good service, friendly staff, very good pizza with some unusual toppings.
1	Heads up: the gluten-free pizza is not actually gluten-free. If you have an intolerance, don't take your chances. You will get sick.
2	I really want to like this place because I'm so glad to have a restaurant in the space...but after perhaps 5 visits I guess I'd rather just see another restaurant take over.  No visit to Luigi's has been memorable - mostly forgettable.  The service is always friendly, but turnover seems high and they just can't seem to get it together. I can tell they're trying - they really are, but the proof is in the proverbial pudding.  They do have a great variety in the pizzas and my pasta tonight was good (though it is hard to miss with a cream sauce), I SO wish:-they had a lunch menu (their prices are fine for dinner, but for lunch it's just too pricey)-they had 3 times as many sandwiches-the desserts were a better value (like the kids meals!)-they offered perhaps 8 pasta dishes instead of 4
4	Wonderful pizza with fabulous serviceWith definitely be visiting again!
5	Sat outdoors and had great iced tea and fantastic pizza.  Wait staff was really nice and atmosphere was just right.
4	After attending the Yelp Elite event "Cheesy Does It" at Luigi's, I vowed to return as soon as possible so that I could dig a little deeper into their menu.Part of my project team demanded pizza for lunch today, so I suggested we order Luigi's. Very few of them had heard of the place (zero, actually), but all were eager to give it a try.Online ordering was a breeze; the Chow Now service was incredibly easy to use. I registered, ordered, paid, and received confirmation all in less than 5 minutes. Wow!The next pleasant surprise came via email - Luigi's said, "Your order will be ready in 20 minutes." Holy cats, that was fast! Delivery isn't available over the lunch hour, so I raced over to Midvale as quickly as I could. I arrived exactly 20 minutes after receiving the notification and guess what? The entire order was ready and waiting. Friendly staff handed me the order and thanked me for the business.I drove back to the office and shared the bounty. Cheese bread, with roasted red pepper, garlic, bacon, and bleu cheese was excellent. Slightly salty but oh so flavorful. Bread got a little soft during the 20 minute drive, but that's my fault, not Luigi's. Folks devoured this in no time.The margherita pizza was simply awesome. The crust was so perfect - about as thick as a "thick" saltine cracker, chewy yet crispy, and bursting with yeasty flavor. Toppings were fresh and flavorful; the house made mozzarella was firm and incredible. This was my favorite, believe it or not.The Bada Bing boasted white sauce, bacon, asparagus, fontina, caramelized onions, and mushrooms. The crust was once again superb; the entire pie was delicious. I could only grab one slice before it was gone.The Truffle featured white sauce, mushrooms, fontina, mozzarella and truffle oil. Aside from making my car smell like a million dollars, this pie received the most compliments from my fellow team members. They thought it was unique, bursting with flavor, and they loved the savory aroma. I agreed. I think I've found my new "go to" place for pizza. Finally! Yay Luigi's!!!
1	Less than 8 minutes away and you won't deliver because I am on the wrong side of the beltline. Lost a customer for making me feel less because of the side of the beltline I live.
4	I have driven past Luigi's hundreds of times and read the mixed reviews here on Yelp and elsewhere, but on Friday I was out with the kids, with whom pizza and pasta is always a hit, so this time we finally stopped in. They were busy, but we didn't have to wait for a table. Unfortunately, we waited a while for the busy server and for our appetizers (although the entrees came out very shortly after the apps). The dough knots were well baked, crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside, with a golden brown, buttery finish and topped with parmesan. Good appetizer. The garlic cheese bread came out about 10 minutes after the knots. If it had been 8 minutes, it would have been perfect -- it was a tad overcooked. The marinara dipping sauce for both appetizers was fresh and thick, if a bit heavy on the garlic. . The kids ordered their $2 entrees (yes, I said $2 kids' meals!!!) -- buttery pasta and an individual cheese pizza (the sausage was $0.50 extra). The blood orange Italian soda was refreshing on this mild summer evening. I had a 12" sausage & tomato pizza. The cornbread-based crust was crispy and the tomatoes were fresh if not plentiful. This pizza is more than enough for two people; I brought half home for my wife.One star for fresh ingredients, one star for $2 kids' meals, one star for a 4/5* pizza and one for the excellent desserts (you can tell they're a sister restaurant to Hubbard Ave.). If you're expecting gourmet Italian, you'll be disappointed; for casual dining with a good variety and value for families, Luigi's hits the spot.
4	This place was amazing. It reminded me of the little cafes I ate at in Italy. The pizza was to die for. We will be back for sure!
2	My wife and I tried Luigi's tonight and were mostly unimpressed. Although there were several tables open, we waited better than five minutes before we could interest anyone in seating us.   Then we sat.... and sat..... and sat.... And were about to walk out when a server finally came by and asked if we were ready to order.  We asked if he might want to take our drink order first which seemed to irritate him.  He took our drink order and returned a few minutes later w/o the drinks and asked if we were ready to order.  I asked about the drinks and Justin, our illustrious server, said he was "in the area" and thought he could "save some time".  That pretty much summed up our service--whatever was most convenient for him.   I had the lasagna which was just ok and lukewarm at best.  However, they earned a second star for my wife's pizza--that was darn good.  When it came time to pay the bill, an observant server (NOT Justin) swung over and said that he had seen us looking around as if we needed some help and took our credit card  Bottom line:  Although the pizza is very good, it isn't worth enduring the lousy service--there are much better choices around town.  We won't be back
5	Love, love, love! What a wonderful addition to our little Sunset Village, not to mention the fantastic location adjacent to popular local shops we frequently patronize & our beloved, green Sequoya Public Library. But I digress. The pizza here is generously sized, beautifully presented, quickly served, and most importantly, authentically prepared, and oh-so-delicious. The service is prompt, friendly, courteous, and professional. The other night we wound up having a very interesting conversation with our server. We love to meet new people and this guy was interesting, educated, articulate, and friendly. One of our fav places in the 'hood to be sure! Deserts to die for as well if you have room after all the fab appetizers & mains.
3	I received a Food Fight Restaurants gift card from a friend. After reading the mixed reviews, I still ended up deciding to try Luigi's above the other restaurants. We initially went on a Saturday night. There was a 45 minute wait and we had plans later that night, so we left and decided to come back the next day. We returned on Super Bowl Sunday around 2pm. The place was very empty and we were seated right away. We ordered the garlic cheese bread and 2 pizzas: Pepperoni and the Whadayacallit. The garlic cheese bread was awesome! The pizzas were just okay. They weren't bad but they weren't very memorable either. You may like the pizzas more than I did, they just weren't my favorite. Since it was practically empty when we were there, the service was okay, but I can see it being slow on a busy night.
5	I really like the salads, especially the fancy salad.  I also that there are gluten free options.  The pizza is yummy too!  The staff are always very welcoming.  They also have a great lunch special which includes a salad and slice for around 8 bucks.
1	I have driven by this restaurant many times and always wanted to try it.  Well tonight we decided to try it.  We were sat right away.  Then proceeded to wait almost 20 min before a waiter came to our table.  When they finally showed up they were apologetic.      Since we had been waiting so long we already had our orders ready.  Our drinks and app came out quickly.  We got the garlic knots.  They were super tiny and very bland.  Not worth it.  What we ordered as our entree was the porky pizza.  And after an hour of waiting and being told several times it would be right out.  My husband went and found the waiter to see if it was close to being ready and surprise surprise no it was not.  So we said forget the pizza paid for what we had already had went to another restaurant for dinner.   We will never go back ever.  I wish there was a rating in the negative!
4	Always searching for a lunch deal - that's me. Luigi's may become my near West side place to go when I am out doing errands and crave some cheezy fresh pizza and a salad.Lunch special - ANY pizza at 6 inch size with ANY small salad for $8.99. That is a good deal when the pizza is truly handmade with fresh mozz.I chose the housemade spicy sausage pizza and the arugula salad. Crust was thin and perfect really. (fyi- I am super picky about pizza crust.) Sausage was tasty. The salad was BIG for a small salad; it came with lots of caramelized onions, walnuts and fresh goat cheese.While a 6 in. pizza would not satisfy my husband - for me it is exactly right for lunch.Service was very friendly and prompt even though the place was busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large kid party.Tables have paper covers and crayons- fun!They were offering some fresh fruit Sangrias - which sounded awesome - must go back and try those!
4	I really like this place. The staff are always friendly and memorable, and the food is great. The pizzas are thin with a perfectly crispy crust. My husband orders the sausage and adds mushrooms. It's really good. He eats about 2/3 of it and has a nice treat for breakfast the next day.I really like their "fancy salad" with fresh  greens, bleu cheese, real bacon bits and avocado slices. So darn good.The cheese bread has roasted red peppers, bleu cheese and bacon, topped with mozzarella. Wow, that's good stuff!It's a cute restaurant in a handy location. Save room for ice cream at Chocolate Shoppe!
5	Best pizza I've had for a long time. Crust is soft and crispy and just perfect. We ordered the sequoia bomber and sausage. The former had artichokes. My girl ordered it and I expected it to be meh but actually it was very good. The latter was just amazing. Wish they would deliver to MN.  Also, did not bring my tape measure but let's just say it is rare for me to be defeated by a "12 inch" pizza. Seemed large to me!  Brilliant place.
4	Went with our 3 kids. I had a pizza which was pretty good. Like a lot of Neopolatin  pizzas it was soggy in the middle but ingredients were fresh and good. My husband had the lasagna which was also good. 2 of my kids ordered from the kids menu. (3d is a baby) The tiramisu was the bomb! The only downfalls I have to mention is that I was surprised that are total was almost $70. Also it is kind of dark in the restaurant. I would of liked a little lighter and brighter but maybe that's just me..
4	Really liked this place! Friendly service and food was great. We had some dough knots for an appetizer, a sausage and mushroom thin crust pizza and split a spinach salad with a glass of sangria. It was all really good and came to a total of $36. We will definitely go back and try other pizzas and more sangria. Love frequenting locally owned places.
5	I was going to rate this four stars, but then asked myself "why only 4"?  And I had no good answer.  I took a colleague there for lunch (his suggestion) and we both ordered the lunch special (small salad, small pizza) for $8.99.  And holy cow was that good!First the salad.  I wouldn't call them "small".  It wasn't huge either, but for being 50% of the meal, it was properly sized.  I had "the Arthur", which was very tasty.  The roasted peppers weren't overpowering and the candied walnuts added a nice zest I didn't expect.  Next, the pizzas.  The lunch combo comes with a 6-inch pizza.  While I could have eaten more, it was an appropriate lunch portion.  Since it was my first visit, I went with a standard Italian sausage 'za.  Gotta have a benchmark...  Oh my!  The crust... the sauce... the sausage... the cheese - it was all fantastic.  I *wish* I had more!!  My colleague got "the rocket" pizza, which looked really good (on the menu write-up as well as on the table).  I will get that one next time...For me, this wouldn't be a "grab a pizza on the way home" sort of meal.  This is a "I deserve a fancy treat for lunch" establishment.  Lucky for me, I deserve treats often, and I will be back again!
1	What a travesty.  Sysco headquarters.  Ingredients were terrible.  Pizza, if you can call it that, was almost inedible and the kids pasta was worse than a cafeteria.  The interior was corporate and obvious.  They were running a raffle for a bike or something that was bizarre for a restaurant.  Terrible Disney-fied Italian.
5	This may be the best pizza I've ever had. And I've lived all over the country and world while in the military for 20 yrs.  It's in the ingredients. High quality, unique.  The pie is cooked just right.  Incredibly flavorful. I drive all the way from Sun Prairie once a week to get this pizza.  Amazing. Great, friendly service as well.  P.s. Shocked that this place only has 3.5 stars on here.
3	A year ago I would have left a 4 star score but not today.  Recently Luigi's updated their menu, and the focus is now more on pizza.  Their pizzas are great but they have only 3 items under pasta.  There are many Italian restaurants in Madison that offer plenty of pasta options so having such a limited pasta section is not the smartest move.Yesterday I went with 2 friends for dinner.  I ordered the spaghetti pie without the meatballs.  When I saw my bill I was a bit surprised to see they charged the same price for my dish.  If I knew that was going to happen, I would have asked for the meatballs on the side and given it to my one friend who is a meat eater.  Another disappointment was that they gave me a tiny (and I do mean tiny!) round piece of bread with my pasta dish.  What up with that?!Otherwise, the food was good.  All of us enjoyed our meals.  My one friend commented that the pizza she ordered (chicken with goat cheese and onions) was good but not as good as Grandpas Pizzeria on Williamson St.  The appetizer we ordered, the cheese and garlic bread, was absolutely fab!  We all commented that it is probably the best cheese bread we've eaten yet.I'll go back for sure.  The restaurant is small and quaint.  The menu is not cluttered which I prefer.  The prices aren't bad either.  For the 3 of us including tax came to $42 and change for an appetizer, 12 inch pizza, the Arthur salad, spaghetti pie, iced tea, diet pop and an italian soda.  Service was pretty good too.
1	I've been to Luigi's a handful of times because it's in a great location, and I want it to be good so badly, but it falls short every time.When you first enter the restaurant, expect to stand in the entryway (you will not be able to avoid hovering over other patrons while they dine during this time) for a couple of minutes before one of the several employees milling around doing nothing behind the counter deigns you worthy enough to greet.The dining room is dirty, dirty, dirty. There were napkins and food beneath our table from the people who sat there before us, there was marinara caked on the bench, and salt and pepper from the shakers were spilled all over the table beneath the piece of paper that they use as a tablecloth. Word of advice: Don't use the Parmesan cheese on the tables. When I noticed a foul odor coming from the shaker on our table, I unscrewed it and found moldy cheese inside. (I would have given two stars if not for the mold.)The food was alright. We ordered dough knots as an appetizer and were disappointed not only by the small size, but by how greasy and unseasoned they were. I have ordered them before and gotten large, fluffy knots cooked and seasoned to perfection, so I was really looking forward to these, but the inconsistency was disappointing. As far as the pizza, some slices were loaded down with toppings while others barely had anything on them, and the crust was cooked really unevenly. Our server was friendly but careless and slow; he walked by our table full of dirty dishes dozens of times before another server (not ours) got them out of our way, and we had to practically beg for drink refills. This wouldn't be that big of a deal if it were super busy, but it wasn't, and all of the workers seemed to just be lingering behind the counter, having loud, personal conversations. I was put off by how sloppy some of the employees looked, too. People working in food service owe it to their customers to look hygienic. Body odor, long and greasy hair that isn't tied back properly, dirty fingernails, etc. are total turn-offs for diners.
5	Fantastic meatball sub! Came with a side salad at a reasonable price. Unfortunately, I didn't get the full experience of the restaurant, as I dropped in between mealtimes, and just got carry out for myself. The proprietor, Matt, was very friendly and accommodating. I look forward to going back to Luigi's and bringing the whole family
4	Super quick service, a cozy atmosphere and delicious pizza. This place is great! My boyfriend and I came here for a date on a Saturday night without a reservation and were seated right away. I ordered a glass of Chardonnay and was pleasantly surprised with how much wine they give you (no such thing as too much wine). We ordered the Garlic Cheese Bread to start, which was yummy and cheap. And for our pizza we chose the Florentine pizza. I really enjoyed their white sauce, it was super creamy but not too rich. Sometimes white sauces can leave you feeling kind of gross but this one definitely didn't. We both loved the pizza, only complaint I had was the crust got a little soggy. I like thin crust pizzas that retain a little bit of crunch. Did I mention that they give you crayons and put a big white piece of craft paper on top of your table? That was pretty fun.
5	We tried Luigi's last night for the first time and we were pleasantly surprised. It's a nice cosy place that could probably get a little busy on a Friday night however we got right in and seated right away. The hostess was great and took time to explain some promotions while getting us seated quickly. Right after that our very friendly waitress came and got us settled with our drinks and an app ( cheese bread, which was perfect) and came back and took our order in a nice timely manner. All in all we were in and out in ~45 minutes.First things first, I don't care how old you are who doesn't love drawing on a huge sheet of paper with crayons? Why don't more restaurants do this? Our food could have taken hours to come out and I wouldn't have noticed. I had masterpieces to create. We ordered a 16" florentine pizza which was probably a bit much for two especially after the appetizer. It was dynamite, I think the white sauce was my favorite part. Gave a great base for the rest of the flavors. I haven't got a clue what specific brand of bacon they use but it had a good smoky flavor that was hard to miss. Another notable, my girlfriend ordered wine which is usually a peeve of mine because it's usually some ordinary wine and you pay $8 for a glass when the bottle was maybe $13 to begin with. I'm not a wine drinker and I have no idea what the quality of wine is there BUT THE IMPORTANT PART IS they gave her enough wine to justify the price of ordering wine. So I was pleased to see that. Im sure that makes me sound cheap but it's always something that's baffled me. Luigi's serving size made me feel better about itAs we were leaving the hostess and every employee along the way thanked us and asked us to come back, and we will!
