3	Well there trying ....my beer glass has set empty for 10 minutes now while the wait staff tries to figure out  something to due with the tequlia prices or something with a total of 10 patrons in the place. That being said the menu is basic sports bar food burgs sandwiches nachos which is what I had fully loaded 10$ wings ect. This day they were playing some cool jazz and jazz vocals.my server is sweet yet not that efficient . I may return to try breakfast ps great beer selection
3	this pub has been 6 differant places in the 7 years i have lived here  every time it changes hands they seam to to keep with the same menu and decor this new owner has gone w/ a irish sort of feel. they have redone(or bought new ones) the chairs with a leather finish the front door has been painted red again bit of a euro pub feel. they do sport a good beer selection and the service was friendly but i did sit with an empty beer glass for about 10 minutes while eating my natchos which were ok. says they do breakfast on the weekends. menu again seems to be the standard pub fair
5	Best place in East Mesa to grab a pint, enjoy some good music, good conversation and good bar food. You feel very welcome to sit back and just hang out awhile, this is definitely the new neighborhood hangout. I know this place has changed quite a few times, but I hope this one sticks around because it seems they finally got it right. Everyone there is super friendly, especially the REALLY good looking new male bartender they hired! ;)
5	We recently relocated to Mesa and wanted to find a local hangout.  We've enjoyed Echo since our first visit and now go very regularly. They were in the middle of changing things over when we started going - changing the menu, adding TVs on the patio - and it has been great. The food is excellent. We've tried several items, including Sunday brunch and have never been disappointed. Sometimes when it's busy, service can be slow but the waitstaff is extremely friendly and we aren't there to rush, we're there to relax and enjoy ourselves so it's not an issue for us. I highly recommend this place!!
5	They have the old pretzels that Cadillac ranch used to have! They are so good with that cream cheese fondue. Actually everything I've had here is great. The service rocks too! Glad I'm close to this place. The owner is super cool too. Go here.
5	What a great find! Service was awesome, food was great and the vibe was spot on. The manager made sure we had a TV close to us with the game on that we came to watch, even though it was during the World Series. I had the garlic burger and it was really good! We will definitely go back!
3	I'm leaning towards 2 stars but since I just ordered appetizers off the menu, and not any of the bigger items, I'll give them the benefit of the doubt that some of their other food is better.  I've been going to this place since it was Indigo Joe's back in 2006, and although none of its re-inventions have been bad, none have really stood out either.  This version is no exception.  It seems like the same place with a different name.  I will say the owner was there while I was eating, and happened to be having a meeting with some staff next to my table, so I could overhear him working on strategies to make sure service and food were kept up to par.  So I think he's definitely got an investment in the restaurant.  Honestly, it surprises me that this place hasn't had more success over the years, as there's a definite shortage of sports bars in NE Mesa.  I really hope they do well, but I'm not in any rush to go back.
5	Great atmosphere,  television everywhere including patio. Order Philly with onion rings,  not the standard garbage frozen onion rings that are chopped and formed!  Real onion rings dipped in a very tasty batter and not burnt. As for the Philly,  none of that shaved steak here it is a thin steak that is chopped and put onto a soft hoagie with red and green peppers, onions, mushrooms and provolone melted on top. Very good and not at all chewy. Staff is very friendly and attentive.
5	Interesting location. Excellent food. Great beer. Waiters are very nice people. Really injoyed my stay.
3	I love the food along with explanations of the different Echo 5 Sports Pub.
