4	Wood oven Pizza, how can you go wrong.  I'm surprised to see there are very few reviews about Mozza but if you have any reservations about trying it, don't hesitate.I've frequented this spot many of times day and night, and I can't find anything negative to say.  Trust me, I like to pick at everything given the opportunity.  Portions are great, service is very good and the food is fresh and tasty.  Nice atmosphere and the prices aren't jacked up so high to help them pay off the huge amount of capital they invested into the place.  If you haven't brought your date here yet, what are you waiting for.  Borrow your dads car and go, you'll certainly score a few points and who knows what else. wink wink
2	Mozza has a great terrace, fantastic service, and an amazing variety of pizza served fresh out of a wood-fired oven. So why only a two-star rating, you ask?Well, unless you're jonesing for pizza, Mozza probably isn't the place for you. It's a one trick pony, meaning that anything else you order on the menu probably won't be as impressive  - or it will be overpriced. I speak from personal experience, of course; I've been a few times, and while I definitely enjoyed trying the pizza, the three pasta plates I sampled were among the worst I've tried in town. Nonetheless - grab a spot on the terrace, order a pizza and oddly enough, it will seem like a five star experience.
3	In the great tradition of giant Suburbian restaurants serving up generic food, Mozza archives in failing to inspire!Although I did enjoy my pizza, everything else on the table was real ordinary. The service was a real zero. I hate chasing the waiter for water. You know the type of waiter I'm talking about, he purposely walks around with tunnel vision, ignoring customers trying to get his attention. Waiting times were generally slow.
3	I agree with the previous posts that it is ordinary, but I seem to go back here often so the food must be descent. Haven't had anything else in the Centropolis I would go back to.
5	Mozza Laval or Mozza West Island, they both have the same in common. Excellent food, excellent service. I frequent the Dollard one more and we never are stuck deciding between restaurants. Menu has choices but not too large that you're overwhelmed. The pizzas are made to perfection. Service is constitant from visit to visit. Well priced.A must go of you're looking for REAL Italian food.
2	I hate to come across as a food snob but I just can't wrap my head around Mozza. The food isn't really *that* bad but at the same time it isn't *that * good either.  I've been to Mozza Laval 3 times and the one thing that really sticks out in my mind from the three visits is the lack of service. I hate when I have to chase down a waiter/waitress or they don't come around the table that often. What I especially hate is when the wait staff comes around the table and hears that the ENTIRE table is speaking ENGLISH yet she speaks French. It's one of my pet peeves. You obviously hear us talking, ask us what we'd like to eat in ENGLISH!Tonight, I wasn't that hungry so I decided on a salad. I was really debating between two different salads so I was doing a check list of what was on the salad that I like vs what I don't like. My favorite vegetable is cucumber but my favorite green is arugula, however these two weren't on any salad together. When the waitress came by I asked her (in English) for the arugula salad but to omit the onion and please add cucumber. She told me, "We don't have cucumber". So I kindly point out that they in fact do have cucumber as its one of the main ingredients on their other salad. She replies with "I don't know if my chef will do that". Listen lady, your chef isn't making my salad okay? It's a line cook...and since I'm paying for my salad and I'm asking for the cucumber put it on there. It's not like I asked them to add some crazy unheard of wild ingredient that they have to fly to Brazil for....After a while the food comes and salad is made the way I want it to be made so I was happy with that. I wasn't happy with the waitresses attitude about it though. The salad wasn't anything to write home about, I think I make a better salad at home (my sweet balsamic dressing is more flavorful).  While we were eating the waitress came to ask us something (in french) so I have no idea. She could have told me to go fly a kite and I'd be like "no merci". I have to say, my best experience at Mozza was good (minus the service) but I had a pizza which was super flavorful and huge. There were left overs that tasted great. We also had seating near the pizza oven so we got to watch them make the pizza fresh. A poster below me mentioned that Mozza is a one trick pony and the truth is.... IT IS. Any thing other than a pizza and its mediocre at best.If Mozza wants to stay afloat for longer than a few years I would definitely work on finding better staff. Staff who like their job or are good at pretending to like their job. A little service goes a long way and if I'm going to spend my money in your venue, please show me you appreciate it.
3	The service is pretty good here but the food doesn't really stand out.  I had the pizza Calabrese which had sausage and hot peppers.  They serve thin crust pizzas here which is always my preferred style of pizza.  They also use a wood-burning oven which is a huge plus.  Overall though the pizza was way too salty.   For dessert I had the apple cobbler which once again was nothing spectacular.  It was also too big a serving for one person.  If I'm in the area I'd go to Mozza but it's not a place I would go out of my way for.
4	If you love authentic Italian food but in an American-Italian style, you'll love this place! They have great appetizers starting from the fresh soup of the day to the "Butcher's board", which includes prosciutto, cacciatore, salami, speck, parmigiano, provolone, cippolini & crostini, all served on one cutting board easy to share with your friends! Great salad! If you're a shrimp lover, you should definitely try the "Mediterraneo" salad. Not only do they serve salads, they have a variety of pasta and their thin crust pizza cooked in their wood-fired stone oven! Finish off your meal with a glass of Val di Suga red wine and their dessert! Excellent food, and a quick & excellent service. And not too pricey.
2	It's a vey busy place on a cold November night. I was really not impressed. Yes, the thin pizza crust from the wood oven is good, but the ingredients are out of balance: too much arugula on mine, too little mozzarella. Same lack of balance for my 3 friends, It is really average pizza by all means. If you like a busy restaurant, the settings are OK and the service decent, but for the food and price, you can easily get better.
1	Went w a friend and was told not to order anything unless it was pizza.  Now I understand.Ordered steak and extremely over cooked and chewy when I asked for medium/rare. Took an hr to get our meals and when I pointed out to the waiter that the steak was Charcoal and nor what I ordered he replied "what u want me to do". I asked him if I asked for the right thing would I wait another hr and he told me I would be. Didn't like the food. Didn't even get a free drink for the mistake. Waiter was rude. And everything seemed overpriced.The only upside, the drinks wer good
3	Mozza is a pretty average Italian restaurant located in the sea of restaurants known as Centropolis.  I stopped in on a quiet weeknight with some coworkers and we had simple, decent meals.  The service was friendly, however, it was very dry.  Our waitress didn't have too much personality and almost never smiled.  It's surprising how much of a difference this can make on overall feel of the restaurant.  The meals were very large which seems to be the norm for most Italian restaurants.  I took half of mine home and had a good meal the next day.  They also had a descent wine selection which we took advantage of.  Overall this is a pretty average Italian restaurant.  If I'm craving Italian again, I'll probably look for a place with better reviews or return to Mozza if I can't find one.
5	There is one menu item that mozza does better than a lot of Italian restaurants, and that's the ruccola pizza. Thin white crust, fresh mozzarella, plenty of thinly sliced prosciutto, and a mountain of arugula salad. I've had a few other pizzas at mozza and none of them live up to this combination. I'd agree with a lot of other posters in saying that this place serves pretty average Italian pizzas, however, this particular pizza is a gem and keeps me coming back. This pizza is five stars sitting in a 3.5 star restaurant.
3	BackgroundCame here for a business lunch.  Food 4/5I ordered the spinach and goat cheese pizza.  The pizza was thin and crispy and there was an abundance of spinach.  I like pizzas with a small amount of tomato sauce and this was just perfect.  A little more goat cheese would have been better.Service 3/5The server was ok.  He wasn't really helpful with the dish types and didn't really recommend anything.  The food came out fast.Ambiance 4/5The focal point is Italian pizzeria brick oven inside.  Plenty of seating, high ceiling and open space.
4	Came here for a 5 a 7.  For those who are not from Quebec, this is a after work social or work gathering where the conversation loosens up from the regular work blah blah.... or to my American friends better known as Happy Hour.  The place was bustling and the patio hopping on a Friday night!  As my wife was there before and ordered me I just ended up eating a bit of her pizza and salad.  The salad a rucola was quite good but I found a tad salty but good none the less!  The Pizza the Calabrese I could have eaten a few more pieces as it was awesome!  Very light (thin crust) yet lots of flavour!  The atmosphere of this place is quite nice and very lively!  Definitely need to come back to try something else!
4	This place is my home base for Friday lunch with coworkers... But my son also loves their pizzas and I sometime end-up caving in and going a second time on Friday night just for that :-)Food is good, quickly served and always equal.  Service is fantastic at lunch time, but I find that when I have dinner on the outside terrace, it's not always that great.That being said, I'm always going back.
2	I've eaten here regularly when I lived in Laval. Here's the breakdown:Big place with a great big patio during the summer.STAFF:They should just rename it "Hooters" snobby girls prancing around with micro mini skirts and push up bras with tops two sizes too small doesn't impress me. Total lack of professionalism.They don't smile nor do they seem to care about doing their jobs very well.I don't think it's appropriate to look like that when serving the public. Women go there to dine too, not just men so if that is to be the uniform then please make it equal and put some of the waiters in something just as revealing so us women can have eye candy too. I had one waitress many times who was always so rude. She spoke only french and while I am bilingual, when I'm spending my money and I'm the customer I want to be served in my language. After I answer her in english she would respond to me in french. That's rude. The least she could have done was go get someone who could speak english to wait on us.The male waiters are far superior than the women. Emilio is one of my favorite waiters.FOOD:Very good. I always loved their pizzas. Only reason I used to go thereDRINKS:They have quite a nice wine list
3	Food was ok.  Not the best flavours but not bad , good portions. I took the soup of the day tasty, the salmon Cesar was ok not the best Cesar i had. Service is fast and very professional. Waiter was friendly and helpful.  Decor ok nothing fancy, Overall its an ok place.
