5	valet service is excellent
4	I was waiting for this restaurant to show up on YELP ! I have been here several times since it opened last summer. It is housed in the same building that used to be The Colony, Cafe Euro and then Jasmine restaurants. Hope they do better than the previous two although The Colony was open for approx 30 years ( My parents used to love that place ). I was told they are going to open a patio for outdoor seating next summer.  The food has always been good with many nightly specials but I feel the best thing is the wine. They feature many quality bottles for only $20 each !!!  The cheapest I have ever seen in a nicer restaurant. The bar area is a nice area to sit and have a drink or even grab a bite. This place is busy for lunch and dinner so be warned.. call ahead. If you like DeBlassio's or Atria's , you will love this place.
4	Good place for a quick drink.  Met a friend for a quick drink.  Place is nice and relatively large.   Had the jumbo lump crab cake appetizer with a red onion caper sauce that was very good.
4	Went to Andora with my son at 8pm on a Sat night.  The decor is very traditional and we were by far the youngest people in there, probably by about 30 years, but that's OK, because I'm not there for the crowd or the decorations.I had an ahi tuna dish that was cooked to perfection.  I asked them to give me the tuna almost still alive and that they did.  It was tender and melty in my mouth, no knife required.  There was a wasabi mango, I almost want to call it a chutney, on top of some rice as a side.  They went a bit heavy on the wasabi, this coming from a sushi lover.  The pours of wine were more than generous.  We didn't have dessert, but they looked incredible as the servers were bringing them out to the other tables.Our server was outstanding.  Always there when you needed her and a really sweet girl.  We'll go back once we've tried a bunch more places in Pittsburgh.
4	Very happy that Andora has come to the South Hills of Pittsburgh.   The food in consistently good and the service is outstanding.  The zucchini ribbons are a must try appetizer.  Both the horseradish crusted Atlantic cod and the grilled salmon were very good.  You could feel comfortable in jeans and golf shirt or in a jacket and tie.  We will certainly be back.
4	I went to Andora recently and really enjoyed the food.  I got the grilled salmon and it was perfectly cooked, not too dry or raw - flaky just how it was meant to be.  The flavor was very light so if you like a heavy hand of seasoning, maybe choose another entree.  The portion was just right and the service was good.  The decor is all fancy inside, but well done.  I forgot I was in Green Tree...or I guess Mt. Lebo.  I had never heard of this restaurant and was pleasantly surprised by the positive experience.
5	I really enjoy this place. It's in a convenient location for us and it's upscale, but comfortable. The decor is traditional, classy, and it's a generally quiet restaurant. You can go dressed up and it would be nice for a date, but it's also good for a delicious family meal. The bar/lounge looks really cool, but I've not seen it busy. My mom lives very close to Andora so we tend to visit on off-nights, I think.The crab cakes were mentioned to be a house specialty, so I tried their surf and turf (crab cake and filet mignon) on my most recent visit. I had the filet rare, and it was cooked perfectly. The crab cake is very meaty with just enough filling to hold it together. The menu changes with seasons (they were offering a pumpkin filled pasta dish recently) and everything is fresh and presented nicely. If you want a salad, this is more of a $$$ Yelp dinner, but well worth it!They have a lot of interesting wines that you don't see on every menu and there are options priced for everyone. The waitress was cool and let us try some things before ordering a glass. The glass pours are generous. Her recommendations were spot on.Andora is located in the old Colony Restaurant location that has changed several times since the long-standing Colony closed. I hope Andora stays because the staff is friendly. There is complimentary valet parking, so don't be afraid about their narrow parking lot.My mom also said they get a big lunch crowd, but I've not seen that. I would be interested to try it for lunch sometime!
4	You know I have probably whipped around the corner that this place is located a million times and nothing really peaked my interest. I tried this place because a buddy and his wife asked us out for dinner and I was really blown away by what a tasty joint this is!WE had reservations on a Saturday night which from the looks of the place it is probably recommended if you want to be seated in a timely manner as it was packed at 7pm. We started off with 2 appetizers the zucchini ribbons that had a pepper cream sauce on them and the shrimp spring rolls. The Zucchini was pretty tasty and I know that quality over quantity usually applies with me but for the price I think there is room to bump up the serving size of the zucchini a little bit maybe 2 extra zucchini pieces would suffice. The Shrimp spring rolls where not the fresh type but the deep fried version. Even though they were deep fried the wrapping was not overcooked and it was fairly light and crisp. I would have the spring rolls again over the zucchini.The special Lady had the Crab Cakes which I swear to god are some of the best crab cakes I have ever had. So take that Maryland! Seriously though not much filler at all in these crab cakes and I would almost say that the large lumps of crab meat were almost on the side of too much meat and not a enough binding agent. But man they were tasty. I had a wedge that was also dynOmite with a really nice twist added to it with some corn on it.  Then I had the Potato Crusted Seared Tuna which I was like holy crap you all have to try this but psyche, I'm not letting any of you guys try this it is all for me. I liked the crispiness of the potato flakes on the outside of the fish but it was cooked perfectly medium rare for me. It was then topped off with some sort of chipotle sauce that really made this dish fantastic.The bar area looks like it could also be a great place for a few drinks and apps, maybe I will try that next time. I also Thought that their wine list was expansive and had some great choices as well as a nice array of beers to choose from on tap.The service was very good  as our server was very attentive and everything came out at the appropriate times and we did not feel rushed at all throughout our meal. I really recommend giving these place a shot with your next paycheck.
