2	They have great chicken tenders that always taste freshly made. BUT if you go thru the Drive-Thru, always check your order before you leave. The last three times I ordered the 5 piece chicken tenders, my order only had 3. So either somebody doesn't know how to count in there, or it's done deliberately. Whatever the reason, it's absolutely annoying and inconvenient to have to park and walk in just to get the two missing pieces.
1	SLOW!  Sat in the drive through no cars ahead none behind for 16 minutes.  All I ordered was a grilled Santa Fe style chicken sandwich.  I rarely go to this location because of the wait.  How ever 16 minutes is FAR to long for one sandwich.  I live 2-3 minutes from this location and when I got home the bun was all soggy.  Seems a bit fast to me for the bun to be all soggy.I will never go there again.
4	Quick lunch and your coupons are expired, don't worry this Carl's has your back.   Many options and salads too.
3	It was clean! It's Carls Jr for sake. What do ya want?
3	I gotta say of all the fast food in cave creek, Carl's jr has been by far the best. Only issue I have is that I ordered 1 double western bacon cheeseburger for $ 4.50 and just a western bacon cheeseburger (only has one patty) for 3.99. Then I ordered 2 medium French fries for 2.50 each. How is it that 2 medium fries are 5.00 and the double western burger is only 4.50. Then, there's only .50 cents more for another patty??Either way, French fries are wayyyyyy to expensive! 2.50 seriously?? Total was 15.00 for fries and hamburgers. No, sodas. Ridiculous. Hamburgers were great however as always but then we totally also got shorted on the French fries. Like we were there at 7 and they didn't wanna make more so they evenly distributed whatever they had left so I paid 5.00 bucks for basically 1 fry.  Wanna come back but feel ripped off.
3	I gotta say of all the fast food in cave creek, Carl's jr has been by far the best. Only issue I have is that I ordered 1 double western bacon cheeseburger for $ 4.50 and just a western bacon cheeseburger (only has one patty) for 3.99. Then I ordered 2 medium French fries for 2.50 each. How is it that 2 medium fries are 5.00 and the double western burger is only 4.50. Then, there's only .50 cents more for another patty??Either way, French fries are wayyyyyy to expensive! 2.50 seriously?? Total was 15.00 for fries and hamburgers. No, sodas. Ridiculous. Hamburgers were great however as always but then we totally also got shorted on the French fries. Like we were there at 7 and they didn't wanna make more so they evenly distributed whatever they had left so I paid 5.00 bucks for basically 1 fry.  Wanna come back but feel ripped off.
1	OMG! Stay away from this location, the bathroom is a mess! The toliet seat is broken in half  and they were out of toliet paper except for the bunches on the floor. I sent a email to Carl's Jr as well as calling their "guest" Hotline asking them to fix the problem before someone gets sick. I asked to be contacted by the GM or district management, nope I did get a a very nice email from Carl's Jr COO Carl LeLecke tell me he was sending me some free food coupons...  I waited two days do post hoping the would fix the prooblem I went back in today and the toliel teat is still  the broken one and most of the toliet paper is off the floor. You know what they say about bathroom conditions and clealiness of restaurants.Yikes!!!
1	I usually give fast food employees the benefit of the doubt, maybe in part because I've worked in fast food before, but the service at this location is exceptionally bad as far as how long it takes the employees to get me my food when I'm the only one waiting there for anything. I always seem to be standing around for a good 10 minutes while they don't quite do their jobs. I won't go back.
