4	Free on Thursday nights from 5:30pm - 9:00pm. Why wouldn't you go? It's a lovely little museum with a coat check on the first floor at the entrance and exhibits on the second floor. A permanent display of construction toys greets you on arrival at the top of the stairs. Bathrooms and auditorium to the right, exhibit to your left. The current exhibit is called, "Journeys" and is a social study of how migration of peoples can impact the environment. From simple ideas like how a new immigrant group creates new needs in housing and stores within a community to a town along the St. Laurent river getting flooded and having to move a further downstream and the opportunity for urban planning. Written explanations in French and English. Mixture of photos, drafting, books, and videos.
4	one of North America's premiere museums devoted to architecture and the built environment--FREE film screenings on Thursday nights from time to time--great bookstore
5	This place is a favourite of mine - the intimate exhibtion spaces make you feel more like you're in a gallery than a museum.The exhibitions are often thought-proving and generally not limited to architecture - they really encompass a wide variety of disciplines from art to geography to design and social culture. Admission is free on Thursdays after 6pm, and with the opening of every new exhibit the CCA throws an awesome vernissage - drinks, DJs, and interactive stuff1
5	The CCA is truly a treasure in Montreal that I proudly live close to and has been my "get-away" spot since I was very young. I'm not sure that it gets the attention it deserves.The exhibition here is great and ever-changing, it's cheap, sometimes free, and studies the various forms and cultural roots of architecture, ranging between geography, design, the environment, and more. When a new exhibit opens, they throw a fantastic vernissage that is enjoyable for all; music, drinks, and interesting people all around.Now, for my favourite part - the "Arch-Park." Earlier I mentioned that this place has always been my get-away spot. Whether it was for a picnic, to take my dog somewhere quiet and not rowdy, or to simply relax alone or with friends under the Montreal summer sun - the Arch-Park has always quenched my thirst. It is beautiful, not too big, doesn't get too packed, and is under great care. There is a large green-patch next to the entrance of the Centre where many people will enjoy a picnic, take their lunch break at, and often you will find a few well-trained dogs running around. It is enclosed by green bushes and trees, with two entrances that can serve as a small seating area too. On the other side of the museum (across Renee-Levesque), you will find the other half of the park, where many people sometimes play frisbee, hangout, go for a tan, take their dog, as well as enjoy a picnic with friends (of course, this can be done on either side). Here, you can sit on the grass or sit on the cement barricade that overlooks the highway and the rest of Montreal. There are a few interesting structures laid out across this side of the Arch-Park - a chair in the sky, a few podiums dispersed across the stone rubble, and what seems to me as a part of a broken down castle entwined by a vertical garden of organic ecological art that consists of plants trailing across the walls (albeit very small; with an emphasis on 'part of'). On this side too, at night, there are a few spotlights beaming from under the rubble, just by the podiums, which give off a Michael Jackson "Billie-Jean" vibe.Sounds magical, huh?
4	This was a beautiful museum.  & it doesn't feel like a museum, the spaces are intimate & feel more like a smaller art gallery.  The exhibits we saw included photography, building models, sketches, ground plans, & video presentations.  The surrounding grounds are well-groomed & the architecture of the building itself is well laid out.((Free wi-fi.))The gift shop / book store was a wealth of resources.  You could go coffee-table-book-CRAZY in there if left to your own devices.  Which luckily, since we were traveling in a pair - we had to remind ourselves of the carry-on luggage weight limits.
5	Un endroit incontournable pour tout amateur d'architecture !
4	Growing up driving from downtown out to the West Island we always wondered about the sculpture garden that looms with disconnected architectural detail, beautifully lit at night beside the highway. I had picnics in the CCA sculpture garden before I ever stepped foot inside, and this si still one of my favourite places in town to dine outside. In the past years the CCA has made a concerted effort to do events that connect with the arts community here in Montreal so now it's common to see a pack of friends making their way through the strange gate and parking expanse to get in the doors that look like a back exit in order to drink the free wine and shmooze to the tunes at the regular vernissages held here. Empty your glass then go explore the show - sometimes a bit dry if you're in party mode - but a real attempt is being made here to exhibit ways of thinking about built spaces, city life and the designs we inhabit and the ways generations of people and cultures have thought about how the world should be shaped. The library is lovely, and the reading rooms are dreamy too.
