2	I stopped by here yesterday with my girlfriend at around 2:30 or so.  We got our tickets through living social and so they were $15 for both of us instead of $15 each.It was held on the second floor of the convention center, in the back.  Whenever I walked in I was surprised at how small it was with around 30 vendors or being there.  While many vendors were giving out free samples, it was to get you to buy their product.  It almost felt liking walking through the strip district on a Saturday.  I also do not think that I really learned anything which was sad.The bottom line for me is that I would not head back here next year.  Even though it only cost $15 for both of us, I felt that it was at least $11 more than it was worth.
3	Pretty crowded, lots of samples! We ended up buying 3 peacock feathers, 3 jars of pickles & a jar of honey.  I'd like to see more vendors & exhibits next year!
4	As with anything, this will take some time to get its groove and really get going but, what my wife and I saw was a good start. The presenters we saw on the day we were there were informative and entertaining, especially Nigel Tudor from Weatherbury Farms. Right now, a lot of the conference (probably 70%) is related to farmers showcasing their CSAs and such but we did encounter some awesome vendors too, like a local honey provider. It would be nice if they could have some locally sourced concessions there as well but I believe that is the DL Lawrence Convention Center not allowing that.
5	It was great.  Tables and demos all over the convention center, but not spread out too far.
4	This was a lot of fun with so much information on urban farming, CSAs, locally-made foods... I left with a tote bag full of goodies and a stack of cards to look things up later.I will definitely try to make it next year!
3	I enjoyed this conference, but there were a few things that I would change.  I got in for free, but I'm not certain I would have paid to go.  I saw a bunch of presentations, though there was only one I considered worthwhile, a gal talking about food in the schools and how food impacts our children.  The others were either very boring, unimaginative, or talking about how awesome they were.  I enjoyed the vendors and their free things.  I picked up some wine, some cream cheese that I had never seen before, and a few other things.  There were many samples, lots of local vendors, and some information about living and going green, which I appreciated.  I think that this conference will improve with time, especially with the presentations.  I saw some good things, some things that could be better, but generally had a good time walking around and seeing things.  I learned a few new things about the bees and local flowers, and tasted some really excellent foods.
