5	This particular location helped me out of a potential issue related to closing on my Madison home; the teller, Shaun, was as professional, helpful, and friendly as they come - he's definitely an asset to Summit.Gritty details:36 hours before I was due to close on my Madison home, the title company called me to "remind" me that I needed to have a cashier's check at closing to cover the downpayment and closing costs. That was the first I had heard of needing a cashier's check... when I bought my house in AR, I just wrote a check and things were good.Apparently this title company doesn't accept personal checks, which put me in a bind, because my primary bank account is still with a bank in Arkansas. There was absolutely no way I could get a cashier's check from them in less than 36 hours. Eeek!I have a savings account, a Visa credit card, and an auto loan with this Summit location, so I visited them to ask for ideas/help. They suggested using my debit card (from AR) to do a cash advance into my Summit savings account, at which point they could generate a cashier's check for me.I called my AR bank and asked them to raise the daily debit limit; they did it immediately. Summit then ran the cash advance, and presto-changeo, things were golden. Total cost? zero-point-zero! So cool.I've had nothing but great experiences here, and today continued that streak. I was truly stressed, because I stood to lose my earnest money deposit if the closing would've failed. Shaun and Summit saved the day for me. Thanks!
1	I was a member of Summit Credit Union for over 10 years, and I've always been a huge fan of credit unions... My mom had even worked for their corporate office for awhile. I had taken out a loan through them during college to help consolidate the debt I incurred from school, and a few years ago (about half way through my loan) I was laid off when the economy collapsed. I was struggling with my bills and though I had taken out the insurance for job loss, they found a loop hole and didn't credit me with the insurance, even though I had been paying the extra $50 for the insurance for over 2 years. Then I contacted them multiple times trying to reasses my monthly payment, as I couldn't keep up with all of my bills, I spoke with Mary in the finance department and through our conversation she was rude and extremely hostile. She accused me of lying when I told her I had been calling in and trying to find a solution, when I asked her if I still paid my payments but paid less, she said that they would send me to collections for not making the full amount. Then she looked in my account and saw that I had money in there (enough for only 2 months of rent and my bills... will no real income coming in) and said that there was obviously no reason I was having problems and I shouldn't have even called her. I was really frustrated, I was trying to negotiate so I didn't have to file bankruptcy. Then after I could no longer pay, due to my dire financial situation, they took out all the money I had in my account and applied it towards the loan... i.e. my rent, without any phone calls or letters reaching out to me before they were going to take my money. Ultimately, I had to file for bankruptcy, but I would never ever bank with them again.
5	Awesome customer service.  In the many 17+  years of membership I have only had two problems and the response to those issues went above and beyond my expectations.  Bottom line this financial institution has not only the lowest fees and some of the best rates around, it cares about its members financial future.
