5	Our 15-month-old has been a patient here since birth and we have been very happy. Our doctor listens well and we never feel rushed with her. They're good with after-hours phone calls (which we new parents are probably much more quick to do that veterans :o) We are also choosing to opt-out of several standard vaccinations, and they have not treated us like child-abusers for doing so - they respect our decisions. I feel the staff of a clinic is just as important as the Doctor - we spend more time with the former than the latter. I do wish they would implement electronic record-keeping.
1	We've had so many red flags after 6 months of prenatal care we're switching to another group before we give birth and something REALLY wrong occurs.  The nurses are RUDE - I've interacted with 6 of them, four were just awful!  One nurse (in her mid-50s) actually forgot to turn the fetal heart rate monitor on and said, "That's funny, I don't hear a thing".  OMG, what  moron!  I had to tell her to turn on the machine. Another nurse recently told me I've gained too much weight - I've gained 23 lbs and I'm 31 weeks pregnant! ??? She later came back and indicated she was incorrect, but why would she say that??? Our OB is nice, but she's transferring out of the group soon.  There seems to be a lot of drama, I really DO NOT recommend going there.
4	I have been a patient at AP for the last couple years. When I got pregnant I was referred here from UHS and could not have been happier with my experience. (I had moved here from Milwaukee and hadn't gotten hooked up with a new OBGYN yet). My OB was Dr. Weidel, but I met all five doctors who had been in that practice, and Dr. Dickmeyer delivered my son. However, about a year ago, four of the five OBs from this practice left AP to start their own women's health clinic, Madison Women's Health. Now they have four new OB-GYNs at AP, and presumably new nurses, PAs too. I followed Dr. Weidel to MWH and I would really strongly recommend this new practice. It is very nice and the doctors are great. They are concerned about comprehensive women's health so there's more emphasis on overall health and well-being, not just OBGYN-related sort of things. Since my son was born he has seen Dr. Heather Rainwater in the peds department at AP and we have also been very happy with everything in that area. The nurses are really nice, they are pretty quick with everything, and the doctors seem to enjoy their work.
1	I had both my sons through doctors here. Neither births were positive experiences although my sons are happy and healthy. Pediatricians upstairs are grand. Obgyn, not so much.
