5	This review is long over due, Andrea is wonderful! I have had both my makeup and eyelashes done by her, and I'm excited to say I'll be seeing her soon for a facial ^_^ I love how she really takes her time with your service, and it's easy to see that she enjoys what she does. She is so sweet and personable...it is a bit of a drive for me to see her because I live so far, but her service makes it so worth it! I won't trust anyone else with my lashes, come see her and I'm sure you'll become a loyal customer just like me. Stay fabulous ladies! ;)
5	The best services I've ever had. Andrea is kind, skilled and extremely good at what she does. I've had lashes, make up and a facial done. She's VERY thorough, and she knows exactly what she's doing. I can tell she takes what she does very seriously by her attention to detail. I recommend her to all of my fiends and family and I won't go to anyone else. If you want someone who cares about your service just as much as you do, then book with Andrea!!
5	You will be thrilled with Andrea!  I have had my lashes done by her and she is amazing!  I have also seen her in action doing make up for a wedding and she is quick and does gorgeous work!  On top of all of her talent she has an awesome personality.  She is fun to talk to, and she is very calming, so it is relaxing to be around her. If you are searching for someone to get your lashes or make up done by your search should be over!!
5	I was never one much for artificial lashes or wearing much makeup, but once I tried the lashes, I was hooked! Andrea does a wonderful job and really takes her time with the application. The lashes last a long time and you can tell it's quality work! The best part about it, if you're not one for a lot of makeup, the lashes make you look like you're wearing mascara and you don't even have to!  Her facials are also great! She's got a great technique and picks the best products! I HIGHLY recommend Artistry Perfected by Andrea and all of her services!
5	I got a pumpkin peel/facial from Andrea and she is the BEST. She talked me through the whole process before we started anything to make sure I knew everything I needed to and got all my questions answered. She is personable, easy to talk to and makes the facial process smooth and fun. My face is an odd mix of oily and super dry, especially from living in Vegas. The pumpkin peel was super hydrating and made the skin on my face feel so smooth and healthy again. I went back for another one two weeks later and it continues to get better. I am ready to take on the winter dry winds with ease before of Andrea! I would recommend her to everyone. Andrea also does lash extensions and make-up and is just as amazing throughout those. She is a pro at everything.  Check her out! You can't go wrong with her.
5	Andrea is incredible at what she does. I have been getting my lash extensions done by Andrea regularly for a few months and I am complemented daily on how they look. Andrea takes the time to perfect your lashes at every appointment. I have been an artificial lash wearer for years and lash extensions have made a huge difference to my everyday routine. They are easy to care for and Andrea provides you with all the tools you need to keep your lashes looking gorgeous between appointments. I love pairing my lash service with her pumpkin peel and facials. On top of that she is also and extraordinary make up artist. I love looking at her portfolio and all of the beautiful looks that she creates. Andrea is a true master of her craft and I highly recommend her.
5	I used Andi for my wedding. On your wedding day you want everything to be perfect, thanks to Andi my makeup was. She made me look like the best version of myself. Everyone told me how glowing and beautiful I looked that day. Do yourself a favor and book Andi for any event you might have. She is professional and a true artist.
