5	With the wave of yogurt places sprouting up all over the city, this place has got to be the best....well, at least in my opinion:-)  The toppings are simply endless, from cereal to candy, to fruit, to sauce, to cookies, to cake, to brownies.......endless!  The flavors are soooooooo good and too many to name, but my favorites are: Dulce, banana pudding, german chocolate, and cheesecake.  Most of the yogurt is fat free or low fat, but the toppings will do you in so........I see increased gym time in my future, this place is the real deal!
1	The yogurt was great, however there were probably 10 kids there that were using the free sample cups to get yogurt.  They were sticking the cups in their mouths and licking them clean and refilling them multiple times. They were also sticking there hands in the bins to get cookies and such.  I have been there twice and saw this happening both times (there were 4 kids doing it on the first trip).  Employees were present both times and did nothing to stop it.  I talked to the manager and was told that there was nothing they could do to stop it.  I told her that they needed to provide clean sample cups so that they would stop reusing them.  I also suggested that the employees standing there watching should make them use new cups and keep their hands out of the bins.  I told her that I was sure the health department would care.  The manager said she was sorry I felt that way, but she would not look me in the eye and was very dismissive.  Part of the problem may have been that every worker looked to be high school age, even the manager.
5	The best place in the whole wide world!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!A++++++++++++++++++++++
2	I am not sure what the rave reviews are for since this is average at best. The yogurt was neither creamy or tart enough to be considered frozen yogurt to me. Sure they have a good variety of flavors but they were forgettable to say the least. I like the toppings bar they have, definitely covering all the bases. But for $0.49 an ounce? I will take my business elsewhere, only wanted to try the place out since I have never been to it before. Only thing I liked was that it was attached to Books A Million which had wifi.
5	Lets get something straight here people. Don't whine that you only get TWO samples.. You're not really entitled to them at all anyway. The staff do them for sanitary reasons, if you can't understand that then go somewhere else. I love the yogurt and the staff is always pleasant.  Triple chocolate with some hot fudge is the best. White christmas during the holidays is TO DIE FOR! Mixing the salted pretzel and peanut butter is yummy too. their rewards program is pretty cool to.
