1	Pros: - They have groceries.- You don't have to drive all the way to 40th and Chandler.- You probably won't get killed by zombies while shopping here.Cons: - Very limited selection; this is some kind of "grocery store lite". The meat dept doesn't even have ground pork.- The produce dept is the absolute pits. Lots of what they put out is bruised and damaged. If it does look OK, trust me when I say that it's one day away from going bad. I've bought so much produce here only to behold a pile of mush the next day.- Lots of snotty Foothills biddies who would just as soon step on your face as say "excuse me".- The cashiers must be going for some kind of slowness world record. One guy in particular is so slow that I've literally contemplated calling him out on it. He's got to be doing it on purpose.- The baggers are inattentive something awful--they'll throw canned goods on top of fruit, chicken in with dish detergent, etc. One time they literally put a six-pack of beer on top of a loaf of bread.- The manager doesn't exist. Good luck contacting whomever it is, if you have a complaint.
2	Things have improved a little bit at this Safeway since last year:- There is a bit more selection.- They are fairly responsive to concerns and there seems to be at least one manager roaming around at all times to ask if you need any help.Some things are still very bad:- The produce situation hasn't improved. There is still bruised, over-ripe produce everywhere that goes bad within a day of purchase, or is already bad.- The baggers are still recklessly inattentive and will bag dish soap with bread, milk on top of produce, and so on. They literally don't even look down... they just toss items into bags randomly until each bag is full.
3	Used to shop here when I lived in the Foothills. Super convenient location for those times you don't want to make the trip to the Safeway and Fry's Marketplace on Chandler and 40th just for one can of chicken stock, spices, etc.  Starbucks inside . . . cha-ching! The selection is a bit limited, but this seems to be a smaller Safeway so that's to be expected. Can't stress enough how friendly the staff is, especially one of the managers. He'd always remember your name and what you may have chatted about previously while bagging your groceries. Sad that I'm drawing a blank on his name, because he's a cool dude and deserves props!
1	Read the expiration dates!!! I have personally seen expired items like cheese and eggs on shelves. They are very bad about inventory and restocking. The Starbucks girls are great but beware of produce and refrigerated items.
4	I spend a lot of time here bc I live nearby. The prices are a little higher than other options, but the staff is very friendly. I love Marilyn especially... she is always smiling and cheerful.  The store is clean and I can usually find what I need.
4	I was looking up their phone number and saw the yelps so I had to add my review as they didn't seem to have been given a fair shot. It's not the giant Safeway but they have a nice variety which seems to cater to the community they serve. I've asked for things they didn't have over the years and they made it happen. Their floral department gets several visits a year from me and they will put together a special request any time the florist is in, which for me, seems to be most of the time. I just had a special b-day arrangement created for one of my daughters with a bouquet of balloons for 4:30 today and I called at 2. Quick, fresh and fairly priced. This store covers 70% or so of our grocery shopping and has done so for the 15 years we've lived in the Foothills. Everyone is friendly and helpful, the manager is always ready to assist you and remembers who you are. This is our neighborhood market
5	This is my favorite grocery store in the area. The people are all very friendly, they carry a good selection and stock of groceries, and they run a lot of good sales. Plus, the money spent here let's me get discounts for gas at Chevron. Win-win!
4	Ok, I'm a Fry's girl, I admit, but Safeway's got it going on.  This location is pretty darn cool with tons of food and awesome displays.  It's also convieniently located in the foothills, which is even better.I like this location because it's a really nice clean location.  Plenty of produce, it has a hot food counter, a deli and ton's more.  The staff here is friendly for the most part, and my shopping experience was easy when I was here.  No long lines, friendly service and I was able to find everything I needed.Overall a very pleasant experience!
