4	More spacious than the other Book Gallery, but doesn't have the same quality of books as the other location. Still plenty of books to catch your eye, and the same fair prices. Lots of parking in the public lot behind the store.
5	The Book Gallery is a great cerebral maze to go wander within where a few hours could easily turn into days. Like any self respecting book store it possesses the basic pedigree of a bedazzling selection of sections around everything from the Punic Wars to grooming your Pomeranian. Unlike the most other shops, the Book Gallery manages to pull off said mind bending pedigree with a good selection of the old and the new while avoiding that whole dirty hoarder vibe.The Arizona section is actually really interesting and includes at least one to two copies of the Kolb brothers famous tome concerning the Grand Canyon as well as more modern books about Arizona. The layout of the shop is good but I still like the overall semi-mysterious creaky floor vibe, which constantly gives you the impression that you just might find a Mogwai around the next corner.
5	Book Gallery might have one of the best overall collections I've ever found in a used bookshop. And I've seen a LOT of them.My experience here was mainly with books in the science, technology, and transportation genre. The selection was so broad and deep, I'd imagine that it must be incredible in the more mainstream categories.Prices were fair and reasonable, given what I knew about the titles I was finding.I haven't yet checked out the Phoenix location, but the Mesa proprietor says the selection there is even wider. I almost can't imagine it could be.Hours are 10am - 6pm Mon-Sat, by the way.
5	Mike at Main St store makes it 5 star store. The depth of a lot of categories is almost shameful.I have been a customer forever and have liked all personnel. Mgr Mike is exceptionally knowledgeable and still modest enthusiastic and pleasant. If you will spend some time looking through the store you may be suprised. Three levels. Parking is sometimes available on street and always in back , north side of store with rear doorway or St. People are as interesting as the books, magazines and records.
5	This is the nicest place ever. Every old book imaginable. Nice people. Great location.
