1	This is an impossible company. Everyone gives you different information. No one is on the same page. They are inefficient and "pass the buck" between themselves so no one there has ANY responsibility. BUYER BE WARE. You will have an absolutely, astonishingly, horrid experience working with this company. So unless you plan on never having to do anything other than schedule a trip, DON'T buy in. Worst company/customer service I have ever come across.
1	lies, lies lies.  They claim they can book a resort and will have it done "next" week but nothing ever happens.  One Representative will tell you one thing and the next time you call in another will tell you the opposite.  So disappointing.  .
1	This company is not even worth 1 star.  It's a SCAM, they take your $$$$, make all these promises and then do not fulfill any of them.  Especially the cash exchange for your time-share (which is the main reason we purchased this).  I feel so ashamed that we fell into their trap. Please do not let this happen to you..............
1	Save your $$$ ...book your own vacations with Expedia, Travelocity, Hotels.com, etc. -- at least they have web sites that serve a purpose.  The only reason HSI has a "website" is so that people like me, who prefer to transact business online because of the convenience, and because one can print out what we are purchasing for our records, can feel some small measure of confidence that they may be legitimate.  But when it comes to actually utilizing their website, forget it.  Unlike Expedia or one of the others, with which you can choose to either book online or talk to a real person over the phone, with HSI EVERYTHING has to be done over the phone, always with a totally different person from the last one you talked to who told you they would research your travel request and get back to you.  They don't get back to you, and when you call, you have to start all over with someone else because they don't keep notes of your request.  After you pay $99 or so for a membership, you may believe you are a valued customer to them, but every time you call you have to go through three or four people before you get to someone who acts like they want to help you.  Who has time to be on the phone for fifteen minutes, only to be told that they will research and get back to you?  If they actually have a decent supply of vacation opportunities, they should be able to pull something up on their computer.As for the "free cruise" that they may offer to get you to buy a membership in the first place, it is not "free" -- they charge port fees of $350 that the actual cruise lines do not even charge their customers.
1	We submitted our time-share maintenance fees and documentation on July 11.  We finally  received our  re-mbursement  cheque on Dec. 6! I sent many emails, made several phone calls; was assured a couple of times in Sept that they were putting a "rush" on our cheque.  We used the money to book our own cruise and from what I have read this is a better idea than working through HSI.They sure have slick and expensive promotional material, though.
1	If I could give 0 star, I would have. This company has the worst boss that I have ever worked with in my 20 years. This is an abusive working environment. The CEO Mr. Morganson is absolutely a psycho. You can hear him curse at the employees every single day!! Don't be surprised if you hear a lot of F words and S words from the CEO in the office! He just doesn't know how to behave in a professional way!! You would feel that you're nothing but a slave, the feeling is so bad that you would feel want to escape from the place all the time!!!!!!
4	Been a member since 2010, if they cant offer something they will tell you to WAY LIST (sometimes it comes sometimes it does not) bad thing is you really need to follow up with them instead of them following up with you, but they will also give the options they have right away. They do have some rude people in Costumer service and Travel; but again they have some really nice ones too.I guess you just really need to find the right costumer service Rep to take care of you!
1	As a former employee for the company and I believe the reason why not two people are on the same page is because of the extremely high turnout rate they have. There are people constantly in "training" on top of that it was a rather hostile environment to work in. The CEO is known for his temper tantrums and usage of foul language towards his employees.  I say save your money, book the stuff yourself. Most travel pages are self explanatory and you can probably get better deals.
2	I had these folks for about 5 years before we gave them up Expedia is just as good or better if you have to book ahead.  If you can travel inside of 30 days or better yet 7 days you can get great deals on Burn weeks. You just get killed on airline tickets short notice. We were in Cabo when we attended those timeshare sales. As the get out the door they offered us HSI for 10k!! What deal..NOT. Anyhow I allowed the Mrs. close this one a membership to HSI for 2.5k and 8 7 day cruise certificates that cost us at booking 700 which we took the kids on. So all in all a good deal. These guys have to make sales Name YOUR price you are willing to pay and walk if they say no unless you really know sales. We own Wyndham and RCI too and use them no complaints.
