4	I've lived far too close to Haddows' Delicatessen for far too long now. Sadly, it's made a wee bit of a dent in my wallet. This is, undeniably, my own fault. Haddows, as far as delis go, is a pretty standard deli. There are wraps and paninis. There's homemade soup. There're also a variety of really mouth-watering cakes. My comfort food for ages was their banana cake. It's crazy-sweet and also topped with a healthy (and by that I really mean unhealthy) quantity of icing. Their sticky toffee brownie, or rocky toffee brownie (there's toffee and brownie in it and nuts and yum) is also amazing. There's one man who works there, whose name I never got, but who always looks slightly grumpier than he actually is, with a pretty sound beard, who makes excellent coffee. Or an excellent latte, anyway. Perfect proportions of milk to coffee. And it doesn't taste burnt or anything!They also cater, so if you're looking for catering, I recommend popping in and asking about it. Their pies are pretty lush too. They have spanakopita (feta cheese and spinach in filo pastry) and a roasted pepper and spinach mediterranean kind of pie. You can get syrups in your coffee and also, you can just go in and buy freshly made pesto. With chunks. Chunks of cheese and nuts. Oh my!It's always been our first stop for croissants. We had a blind-folded tasting in my flat to figure out which were the best croissants of our area and they won hands down. Sadly, we never wake up early enough to snag enough croissants for everyone. Oh well. Stop by. Eat a panini. And then digest that over some banana cake and coffee. Then buy some cheese! Why not, right?
4	Haddows deli and coffee shop is not to be confused with off-licence Haddows which is what I immediately thought of when I popped in here for a tub of Ben 'n' Jerry's the other day. I had to wait in a short queue and when I got to the front I was served by a friendly gent who was nice and helpful. I was very tempted by the deli counter which offered a good range of fresh cheeses, meats, salads and sandwich fillings but seeing as I'd just had lunch I decided just to stick with my tub of cookie dough.The whole shop smells amazing and if you're looking for a quick bite, a snack for later or a coffee to go then Haddows is excellent.
4	Haddows is one of those delis that has a little bit everything.  They have a great selection of breads, cakes and cheeses.  You can also buy coffee beans (which they can ground on request if you don't have a grinder).  They do takeaway coffee and sandwiches.  The chap behind the counter is very friendly.  The only problem is I now live far too close and can't resist the cake call on lazy Saturday afternoons!
