5	OK, full disclosure - I know the owners.  Still, check out A Second Look and you'll see that they set the bar very high by consignment store standards.  It's definitely not your typical second-hand store.For one thing, it's huge - as big as a department store, and the shopping experience is similar in terms of atmosphere and better in terms of selection given the range and uniqueness of the things you find there.  The store only accepts "as-new" merchandise, so no worries about stains, holes or weird smells.  The clothes are sorted not only by style and size but by color, which makes for a more efficient search for random treasures (I'm an attention-deficit shopper, especially when digging through racks of random clothes - so I like being able to save time by looking mainly in the colors that look best on me).  You really never know what you're going to find, and their inventory turnover is high, which makes coming back regularly not only fun but practically mandatory.  The discounting system is pretty innovative - almost all of the clothing has a dated price tag, and after 30 days on the rack, an item automatically goes 25% off;  after 45 days, 50% off;  after 60 days, 75% off, and after that it's taken out of inventory and donated to a charity that supports needy women and children.The housewares section is awesome, too - perfect place to find a bargain on the ice cream maker you keep thinking you want, or to change up the decor of your place for a fraction of retail.   They have a big kids' section, and their holiday decoration stuff is definitely worth checking out once Christmas rolls around.Also, there's a coffee bar area tucked away in the back on the other side of the consignor drop-off area.  It's a nice place to take a break from shopping, or to give bored companions a spot to hang out.  Great coffee, too.Consigning the good stuff  you just don't want any more is much better than just hauling it all to Goodwill - at least you stand the chance of making back a little money;  worst case, if they don't sell, they'll end up going to charity anyway.Update 6/5/09 -  No more kids' section here, nor hot coffee at the coffee bar, although cold drinks and snacks are still available.  Still plenty of great bargains to be had!
4	This store is seriously a treasure!  One of the best consignment stores I have shopped at in my day!  I wish they all were like this!When you enter the store, it is extremely well organized.  Clothing for the women in the front, with lots of racks to mull over.  Everything here is divided up my size, style, etc for easier shopping.  Pants, blazers, shirts, etc. Plus, they have a nice variety of casual clothing, work outfits and everything in between.  They sell name brand items in excellent condition...but at times, I do feel like some of the prices are a tad higher then maybe I am willing to pay.  I guess its really up to the shopper what is considered "expensive" but I usually feel like I am getting a deal, most of the time.They also have a great shoe selection organized by size, purses, some mens clothing, formal wear. luggage, and a HUGE "home" section.  Dishes, comforters, all in excellent shape.  Nothing here is in bad shape...just "lightly used."  I would purchase (and have) any of thier housewares, as they are discriminating on what they sell and stock.I do know that they offer markdowns for items that are past a certian date to clear thier shelves.  So, if its older then 30 days, you get a specific discounted amount off....60 days, bigger discount, etc.I do not believe that they sell any furniture, which is a bummer.  No couches or entertainment centers, which is somewhat of a sore note for me.   I knocked them down a star for that, becuase I wish that they did, considering that they are literally a Scottsdale address, and I am sure with all of the designer clothing they have in here, that getting thier hands on some top notch furniture to sell would not be a difficult task.
5	This place is such a find. We had family friends that used to own a little cafe in the complex so my mom and I ventured over to check out A Second Look one day. Let me just say, this is not your typical consignment store. It reminds me more of a boutique of treasures. The place is super clean and well kept and they always have a really wide variety of items in the store. I have found so many awesome things in here, I couldn't even begin to list them all. They have everything from paintings, to fancy outing attire, to cds...and even a little cafe in the back. I could spend hours in this store checking everything out. One of the best finds was some Ansel Adams framed photography. (I am a huge Ansel fan!!!) Best part ,of course, is the steals you get!!! They have a pricing system based on how long an item has been in the store. Everything has a date on it and they have signs conveniently located all over the store that show you the dates of when the item will be reduced. I have picked up many things for 50% - 75% off. This place is ideal if you are on a budget and looking to add some flare to your home decor or if you are just in the mood for browsing for a good deal!!
3	I AGREE ITS AREAL NICE STORE.I had went in there 1 time and it was like heaven.SO MANY NICE THINGS , FELT REAL COMFORTABLE .I felt like it was a real snazzy store even for me . Unfortionatly my partner got fired there cause partner  loves me, Yes we are together and  they didn't  want our kind there. I'm saidin by this alot. We stay to our selfs and we don't hurt anyone, we love all that are them selfs and yes we except the straight people. All im tryin to say is why do people judge you, god excepts us as we are. My partner really enjoyed working there and my partner felt that partner found a job that made partner fell that there is hope in a good job.So every one please enjoy this store and  please think of me when you buy, There is alot more to be said , but why, i just wanted to tell every one to be ware , if you are interested in working there, you had better be straight..
4	This review is for bringing your stuff in for consignment and based off one purchase.My family used to bring stuff here on a regular basis but not so much anymore, I need to get back into the habit.  But when we did bring clothes, accessories, house goods, etc it was was really great, easy and very organized. I purchased my first real furniture sofa and love-seat set from here when I had my first real apartment after college.  It was a great set and so affordably priced!  I actually kinda miss that set, since then I have bought new stuff for my first real house.I remember the staff being very friendly and helpful. Especially when you aren't sure how consignment works, they walk you thru it with ease.
4	I have been shopping at A Second Look for several years now - actually before they moved to their current location.  It is a good place, not a great place to find some quality men's clothing.  Most of the items can be had at Macy's for a fraction of the cost.  However, I have managed to find some finer apparel items at a great price including Gucci sneakers, Zegna shirts and a black cashmere coat for $50.00.The best finds are in the electronics and handicrafts.  I found a pair of Ohm E speakers for merely $25.00 and a pair of KEFs for about $30.00.  I use these speakers today years later.I used to drop off items as well, but now they require an annual fee plus the right to reject my items without my knowledge.  One time I brought in two Zegna suits that were discarded to my dismay!  For these two reasons alone I do not drop off items.  I have not scene a penny since my last drop off six months ago!It is definitely easier to shop here than to rummage through mounds of crap at a thrift store.
2	This place is better for shoppers than for consigners.  On the positive side, I think it is organized well & doesn't feel cramped.From a consigners perspective, their policies have gotten ridiculous.  They now charge you a $10.00 annual fee PLUS $3.50 EVERY time you drop items off.  In addition to that craziness, they also want clothing brought in on hangers, pressed/completely wrinkle free.  Quite frankly I don't have the time to go thru all of my items & either iron them or take them to the dry cleaners (which even if I go to the cheap cleaners for $2.00 & I end up with maybe $3-5 for the item when it sells, doesn't even make it worth the trouble).  They also want to take a week or so to go thru your stuff & either donate what they won't take or call you & you have to make ANOTHER trip to go pick it up.  Too much time/effort to make it effective for me.  It also seems when my items sell, I get less for them than if I would have taken them elsewhere.As said in other people's reviews most of the items they have are very middle of the road (i.e., Express, GAP, etc), so it's not like they're only taking designer apparel to warrant such strict consignment policies. I will stick to taking stuff to My Sister's Closet which is easier to work with, they don't charge you fees, and tell you right then & there what they want to take. I feel I also get top dollar for my items at My Sister's Closet as opposed to here.
3	A second look is right... I definitely had to take a second look at some of the items that were in that store, I couldn't believe some things that people buy LOL....I did in deed find some great finds though and was impressed by the organization that this store has, call me a little OCD but I was a little stressed walking in there thinking "great, I'm going to have to dig through all these racks finding things in the wrong place," but to my surprise it was even color coded! I will definitely be visiting this place again...
5	Great place with great people. I shop here mostly for my work shirts, I have gotten some amazing dress shirts from $4 - $15 since I have been in AZ. I think my favorite thing about this place is they way they do their discounting. The longer the item has been in the store the more you save up to 75% off. Be sure to check the wall in the front of the store for the discount available based on the date on the price tag. Right now I am waiting a few more weeks in hopes that this one item I have my eye on hits the 60 day mark. This consignment store has a decent art section, plenty of household decorations and lots of cloths and none of it junk. I find the full non discounted price to be pretty reasonable most times (the item I want right now is overpriced). They go out of their way to be helpful and friendly and I appreciate that.
5	Drove by the store on my way home from an appointment.  Very nice inside with lots to look at.  Found a great deal on a Posture pump that retails for $150. Got it for $60!!!
2	Who doesn't love a bargain? I get an adrenaline rush every time I find a great piece at the fraction of the retail price. I don't even mind if it is used as long as it still looks new-ish. I thought A Second Look would be a great place to get that shopper's rush, but boy was I wrong. The place reminds me of my grandmother's closet because it has the hallmark finicky old woman organization. Everything is arranged according to color with signs everywhere proclaiming the consequences of touching and breaking. It is a little overwhelming. The clothes are not that great. Everything in the designer section looks like it came off the Beverly Hills 90210 set circa 1990, and it is marked up like crazy. The rest of the store follows suit; for example, I saw a faded shrunken American Apparel dress for $13.00 (I can't even begin to tell you what is wrong with that picture). While I commend the staff for meticulously keeping the store in perfect condition, I did not see anything that I would think of giving a second look.
1	i haven't been here in awhile but did find a pretty good selection when i did,  what annoyed me the most and drove me out of the store b4 i was really finished looking was the DING, DING bell that went off EVERY time soneone came in or out.  i know why they do it and it's not for the customer.  until they stop (and Kohl's did awhile back), i'm not coming back!!!
4	I really like this place a lot. I can't begin to tell you how many people I have complimented on what they were wearing and they would tell me it came from A Second Look. So I had to take a look for myself.The place is highly organized and they have lots of great finds. I especially like their discount policy. They also have some great china and collectible pieces.
1	I was quite disappointed today from a company I've been very happy about in the past.  A pity really because I've recommended them to so many friends in the past. Well all good things come to an end and as with many the devil is in the return policy. The customer service rep helping me was defensive boarding rude when I attempted to return three shirts I had purchased yesterday. Apparently I misread the return policy and thought I had 24 hours but that was just for electronics. Though I was calm during the conversation even sharing an idea to take to management that might mitigate such situations in the future she continually assumed my statements and an aggression on my part that was not there. I repeated made statements such as "I am not upset" "I've been on your side of the register" We finally ended our interaction with her defensive recommendation that I consider reconsigning the shirts. Thinking perhaps this was a viable option I took the shirt that had been in my possession for less than 24 hours to the consignment area tags still on. There I spoke with another employee who seemed shocked when I shared that I shared that I had purchased the shirts less than 24 hours before and yet was unable to return them. She, like myself, was under the impression this was the policy. After learning that there were fees involved with reconsigning, and feeling the A Second Look had already taken my time and enough of my money I departed with the shirts still in had.It is obvious that the staff need training and the policies clarified. I guess I'll try the consignment shop on Tatum and Bell in the future.
4	I like this place a lot. But I'll admit, you need to be in a scavenging mood, and you probably shouldn't go when you're looking for something very specific. As we all know, you'll see nothing but leather miniskirts when you're *not* looking for one, but as soon as you decide that's what you want, poof.I make rules for myself when I go here: I won't take anything home unless it's 75% off (based on the date tag) and/or extremely unusual. And they do have some unusual things! Clothes are clean; zippers and things seem to be functional. You'll find a lot of Chico's stuff and blah blah department store stuff (A. Byer, Jonathan Martin, etc.) but you can also find designer items and mid-market treats (anthropologie, Cynthia Steffe, Marc Jacobs, Ella Moss, etc.) if you are patient.I get so many compliments on the things I get here, but every time I've brought a friend or family member to check it out, they've been nonplussed.Oh well, I guess it's OK if one of my favorite spots doesn't catch on with absolutely everyone!
5	Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.
5	I wanted to write an update based on my recent find. I usually stop in here to look at the decor type stuff, but after a crazy hunt for a dress for my formal work X Mas party I recalled seeing dresses in here before and thought I'd give it a try.I found the PERFECT dress for the party and it only cost $35! I received numerous compliments on it at the party and felt like the bell of the ball. So aside from my regular great finds, I have to recommend them for formal attire as well. Gosh, I love this place!
3	Found cute blue leather gloves for around $8! Otherwise, it's REALLY REALLY huge and you need a lot of patience if you plan on combing the whole thing. I didn't have patience that day, so I browsed for about a half-hour and snatched up the gloves.
3	"Second Look and perhaps third and beyond"I cannot attest to the consigning system here since I have not brought any thing to consign, but this review is from a consumer standpoint to their selection of apparel and service.  The staff are friendly and personable and helpful when you need it.  For men's apparel, there isn't much as it seems that women's clothing out number men's 4 to 1 in the store.  The store is huge for a consignment store; however you'll find household items and small appliances that you wouldn't anticipate seeing at a regular consignment store. There was garbage disposal for sale.  Very reasonably price as well.  The women in my family do enjoy coming there, but in terms of clothing selection, they like My Sisters' Closet a little bit better, but one did find a pair of Prada sandals for $40.  I do find that the clientele her is more mature therefore the selection seems to sway in that direction as well.  Their system is interesting in that the longer that item has been on sale, the bigger the discount off that item.  If you are a bargain shopper, love to consign and looking for other things other than clothing then a Second Look is worth a Second Look and perhaps third and beyond. If you find this useful, funny, or cool please check below.
4	Love this store, I tell people about it all the time. Have found some great deals. The last one was a Neiman Marcus Jacket that was adorable for $10 and a dooney and burke purse for $25. Though since it's on consignment, you never know when or how long something will be there.If you are patient and on a budget yet need great clothes this store is for you. I've never sold anything there, but as a buyer one of my favorite clothing stores.Also, the way they separate clothes by not only size but colors makes it simple to shop for a specific item.
4	I almost don't want to write a review on this store so I can keep the secret to myself, but I will!  This store is so well organized and clean for a consignment store.  Everything is organized by color, which I've never seen before, so it is a lot easier to find what you're looking for.  Pay attention to the large TV screen over the register for that is where the deep discounts are posted by date.  I scored an awesome J Crew linen dress for $9.00.  I also picked up three awesome pairs of shoes for under $30.  This store is now my new go to place for consignment shopping.
4	Have been shopping here for years, the store itself is not much to look at - but the prices are always good. They must cycle the inventory regularly - as I routinely find new things every visit. Staff seems friendly too...
4	Always find something. They are helpful, nice and organized. I consign and shop here and am always happy with my purchases and that I have money in my account too!
5	OH MY GOSH!! Where have you been all my life!!! This little store is ADORABLE!!! I LOVE it!!! I Will definitely keep visiting, and the ladies working here are all Amazingly Jolly!!! :)AWE-MAZINGLY GREAT!!!
1	You lost our business!  A Second Look has some of the most inconsiderate sales staff that we have ever encountered.  Each time that my wife has gone into the store with any of our children the staff has been extremely rude.  If you don't want children in your store please post a sign that they are unwelcome. A good friend of ours just had a similar experience in the store and has vowed never to return. You are running a second hand store people. Please don't pretend that you are a high end Scottsdale boutique.
4	This store is more of a freak show than anything. True they got good deals. But it's more interesting to see the maze of stuff piled all over the place and people digging through it all. It's like a hoarders dream come true. Best yet they have a snack bar in the back with a table in chair when you get tired of hunting for that perfect something. I don't' think I will be going back but I will be telling other people to go check it out.
1	uhhh...this place is terrible. Like...TERRIBLE. Goodwill next door ranks about 400% better than this place. I have no idea how this place has anything higher than a star??
1	There was a misleading sale tag stating something with $0.00 when I brought it to the attention of Duane she was very rude, told me that she have to figure out the pricing and didn't even say thank you for bringing it to her attention even though by law I should be able to pay what on the price tag which meant it was zero aka free. I didn't like the item and had no plan on buying it but so did want to bring it to their attention and do the right thing. Instead I was treated without any dignity or respect and like I did something wrong! Talk about getting treated like shit for doing the right thing! See photo.
4	Great store - tastefully displayed items.
1	They need to fire their staff and hire new ones.. they are extremely rude and not friendly at all.Stuff is way over priced too.
3	I've only shopped here once, to find a men's blazer for my teenage son. That was an unexpected success - walked away with a classic navy for about $25.However, as a consignor I just took in a trunkload of housewares and I'm a little offended by how little I'll net from the deal. They keep 60% of whatever it sells for, plus a $2.00 drop-off fee every time you consign, AND a $10 fee to set up an account. I was told it'll take them 7-10 days to sort through the items, so I'm not sure when my stuff will even hit the sales floor. Right now I owe them money for the setup fees - such a deal.We'll see how I do - if it's better than what a garage sale would produce I'll call it a small success.
5	Wow in reading some of these reviews, I honestly don't understand all the negativity unless they are from competitors trying to bring this place down a notch! I started shopping here about a year ago and the place is fabulous! I can't begin to tell you the wonderful finds I have made here. Besides the pricing, what I like is that this store is well organized and all of the items are new or like new. I've purchased things still in the original packaging. The used things are so gently used you sometimes wonder if they are brand new without the packaging. I've been to some other places where the quality is "early attic" and the prices are outrageous. This is the place to go for one-of-a-kind, well-priced household items. The shoes and the purses are not bad either! I haven't found a better place to shop than this.
2	I have been buying from, and consigning to, A Second Look, since the 80's, when they opened the first little store on 32nd Street & Thunderbird. They were so good at the business, that it grew into a store the size of a regular department store. Unfortunately, they have gotten very full of themselves and their success, to the point where I can find NEW clothes, bags, and accessories online for a lower price. Also, one must now actually PAY for the privilege of supplying them with their inventory. That's just crazy and greedy. Really too bad. Used to be a fun treasure hunt.
5	For women's clothing and household it is the best I have ever shopped at.  So much better than the competition in Scottsdale.  This is an amazing store with great prices and fabulous merchandise.  Those who give negative reviews are way off.  I have brought people there from all over the country and they come back time and time again.  They are very organized and quite selective with their merchandise.  There is noplace better.  I have found the staff extremely friendly and helpful every time I have gone.  Never have I seen anything overpriced and again the merchandise is high quality.
1	I would never do business with this consignment shop. Simply put, they are solely interested in serving their own interests, even at the expense of their consigners.First, a $10 fee just to set up an account, then a $2 drop off fee for each drop off. Top that off with a 60/40 split in their favor and that was enough for me.What ate me the most was that they had a three week processing period to get your items on the floor. I realize that it is an arduous process, but this clearly shows they are too heavily back loaded with items. At some point, you have to bite the bullet and just close the acceptance store for a week and catch up. If your shop is worth it, people will wait to bring in their goods.Another thing that put me off was that you had no control in the acceptance process. You were expected to merely drop your items off and receive a list of what they accepted and a donation slip for what they did not. I asked if I could get back my refused items and they said, "no." How do I know that they actually donated the refused items? Maybe I would prefer to do the donation myself.My experiences in the last two weeks trying to consign some very nice, high end clothing items tells me that the consignment business is one slippery business. It just seems like all of the stores are trying to separate you from your items while guaranteeing you nothing in return.
3	I love this place, I go there often.  I do however agree with a previous review...some of the employees are a bit uppity, cold and unfriendly.  So to the ladies that work there,  please be helpful and friendly to ALL customers. I'll be there this weekend.
5	Everyone should check this place out - there is something here for all tastes.  It is such an amazing store!  I have bought several shirts and household items here for next to nothing!  Even the stuff you think you're paying nothing for rings up at a discount sometimes.  I haven't quite figured out the tags, but almost every time I check out I am pleasantly surprised by multiple unexpected discounts.  The people I have dealt with have been super friendly too, I have read some of the other reviews and been doubtful.  Maybe every time I have been there I got lucky? I found the people to be customer service bubbly and fun.  I also thought the consignment side was very helpful and professional.  I will be back many, many times as long as I live in Phoenix.
1	They "donate" almost everything you bring in.188 donations in one year! I have heard they have an underground shop in Prescott. I will never consign there again.
