3	Great steak, shame about the sauce. I've been here twice, a couple of years apart. First time I had a burger and remember it being everything a good burger should be. Good enough in fact to return with enthusiasm. This time I ordered steak with a fancy-pants chili sauce. Seemed like the thing to do. 'Twas not dear reader, 'twas not. After a couple of mouthfuls of red gloop I scraped the rest to one side and concentrated on the fine steak buried beneath. A salutory lesson. They do certain things really well; starters, grilled meat and puddings. The trimmings; sauces, gussied-up dishes, decor, not so good. If both parties stick to what they do best a fine meal can be enjoyed by all. Especially if you take advantage of the BYOB option and spend a tenner on a decent cab sav to go with the food.
5	Buffalo Grill, like its sister restaurant in Newington, is the place to go if you want a good steak! This isn't just your normal bland Steak House, this is a steak house with character! The menu provides a range of steaks, however I have to insist you to try the Roquefort Rib-Eye steak. It's delicious! However, you are someone who goes to a steak house for something which isn't, well, a steak, then you will not be disappointed! On offer are chicken, fish and even some vegetarian options! Yes, this steak house does indeed provide for vegetarians! Furthermore, what adds to Buffalo Grill is that it has its own independent feel about it, something which you do not get with large high street chain steak houses. Also, you can bring along your favourite bottle to the restaurant, for a small fee for corkage. This is one of my favourite restaurants to Edinburgh, prices are not cheap, but well worth it when you tuck into that Roquefort Rib-Eye steak, well done of course, with its blue cheese, garlic, red wine sauce...enough, I think you get the picture, Buffalo Grill is the best place in Edinburgh for a steak!
2	Not as good as I remember it to be.Maybe they were understaffed, or maybe they staff are not as good as they should be... whatever it is, this restaurant can do better.The food was nice, nothing more, nothing less. Portion sizes are good and my steak was medium-rare as I requested, but there was a certain something missing... the flavours do not grab you. At no point did I feel that I must return here, yet at the same time it was good enough to satisfy my hunger.Maybe my taste buds have matured, or maybe I expect too much, but I left Buffalo Grill having eaten as much as I wanted / needed, yet also feeling that it wasn't as special as it could, and possibly should, have been!
4	After a wander down Stockbridge and looking for a place for a decent plate of food, I ended up in the Buffalo Grill for the first time. Initial impressions were reasonably good, as the restaurant had a varied tex-mex menu and the decor was rustic but cosy. There were lots of cool photos and paintings on the wall showing the native Americans from yesteryear, which had me fixated. I wanted vegetarian or seafood and found that the menu had six or seven options, which is pretty decent for a place that prides itself on its knowledge of beef. I ended up ordering a wrap stuffed with beans, rice, bell peppers and chilis, topped with guacamole, sour cream and cheese. Upon dinner's arrival I was a little worried that the meal wouldn't fill me up - the plate sizes looked a wee bit on the small side for the price. However, I was quickly proven wrong upon digging into the grub. The food was hot, tasty and a good portion size after all. My dinner companion had the blue mountain burger, and for a meaty meal he was happy with the result. We also scoffed down onion rings, leaving us too full for a pudding (but the toffee dime bar cake sounds AMAZING...). Service was friendly and prompt. Everything was delivered in good time and nothing was late or incorrect. Nice.  We weren't looking for anywhere particularly fancy, so if you want a relaxed atmosphere and some good, home-cooked grub then this is a good bet. The restaurant was busy so I think it's a popular haunt around the area. Give it a go!
4	We'd looked at the Buffalo Grill a number of times as we'd passed through Stockbridge, and we finally decided to take the plunge. We enjoy the steaks at Kyloe, but it's a little pricey and, to be honest, I don't feel it has a great atmosphere. Not bad, but just not intimate. The Buffalo Grill is a much more rustic environment, with a good amount of space between tables, though I wouldn't like to have had the small table by the door. We both chose to have the T-bone medium rare, with a side of seasonal vegetables. The steaks were big, juicy and had great flavour, occupying the whole plate, with the chips and veg on side plates. The chips didn't seem home-made, but were hot and tasty. Definitely worth the money. We finished with the desert specials: a crumble and a sticky toffee pudding, both with ice cream, and both excellent. Wine prices were generally very good, and the Cabernet/Shiraz we had was great value and delicious. Service was excellent. Very friendly and welcoming, and the waitresses were attentive without being imposing. Recommended, and we'll definitely be back.
