1	I used Bryant Pest Control after moving into a new house. The guy who came out to do the service spent about 20 minutes spraying the inside and outside of the house, even taking time to show me the "hot spots" where the cockroaches were hiding out and the different varieties of cockroaches taking residence in my house/yard (ick... but cool to get the knowledge). I signed the paper saying that the service was complete and the guy left. No issues whatsoever with the actual service performed. Later that evening, I got 6 text messages from the guy who sprayed my house (must have gotten the number off the service order because I sure as heck did not give it to him). He was saying some very inappropriate things about me and his "desires." I text back saying that I had a boyfriend. He then, sent me 5 more text messages that were equally, if not more, inappropriate as the first set of texts. The next workday, I called in to the office and spoke with one of the owners, letting her know what happened and my concerns. She stated that she had "known him for years and couldn't imagine him doing something like this." I felt like my concerns were blown off over the phone, and never received a follow-up letter or phone call, which I believe would have been good customer service, especially in this situation. I have since been receiving calls about once a week to schedule another appointment despite me asking them to stop calling. I now am using another company for my pest control needs.
4	I have been a customer of Bryant Pest Control for several years. They have been wonderful to work with and the technicians have always been professional. I live in Seville in GIlbert and being out here can be challenging with bugs, scorpions, etc. They are thorough and personable. They DO NOT require a contract and are family owned.
5	I was referred by my boyfriend who has been using these guys for a few years. I have a MAJOR cockroach problem, living on a golf course. My HOA pays for another company who sprays the outside, but it obviously doen't work well. These guys came on time, sprayed the inside and outside, to include my garage for a very good price. I have them come every four months. If a cockroach does make it inside, I find it dead. Whatever they use works and there is NO SMELL or residue. I even got a follow up thank you letter and $10 off for any referral. I would highly recommned them!
5	Same day service!!  Had some bees making a home in the wall of my 2 story home.  I emailed them and they were at my door an hour later.  Either I was really lucky or they offer great service.  The man in the bee suit took care of it and no more bees.  I highly recommend this company!!
5	I came here to write a bad review about another pest control company who came to our door and lied about who their customers were.... and then I remembered I should give my current pest control company a good review! Been using them for 10 years atleast now and my parents have used them even longer...  Love that there's no contracts, they will call me monthly to remind me of service or I can call them if I want it sooner... Overall a great company.
5	They always deliver good service, My house is bug-free.
5	We have been Bryant Pest Control Customers for several years.  Their customer service techs are always friendly and professional.  They offer monthly service, but do not require a contract and are never pushy about it.  If you want to have a bug free home with no hassles these are your guys.
5	Had a very good conversation with the person at the office in regards to getting pricing on bi-monthly pest control service for my new house in Gilbert.  She was very friendly and provided great follow up to my questions.  She was also able to schedule a technician to come out first thing the next day.  Bruce showed up on time and was very friendly and helpful in providing me questions about their services and all the Arizona critters.  He explained everything he was doing and gave me additional advice as I'm new to the state.  Very professional.So far, I'm very pleased with Bryant Pest Control and would recommend them highly.
5	I recently moved into a home and much to my dismay, I had a scorpion problem. On any given night, I'd find several in my backyard with a black light. Over the course of the summer, I'd seen around 10 inside my house. I tried several sprays and treatments from the home improvement stores, and they only helped a little. I read a lot positive reviews on Bryant and thought I'd give them a shot. I had my house treated and by the third time, wow what a difference. Summer is coming to an end and I only saw one scorpion inside, and it was dead. Outside, I've seen very few. I havent seen any other bugs either. I'm very pleased with the results!
5	Bryant Pest Control is the Best.  They are affordable, and truly take care of their customers.  when they arrive at our home they are always professional and very courteous.  We appreciate the Excellent customer service they supply and well as their flexibility when it comes to scheduling.thank you for the continued excellent service.
5	I had Bryant Pest Control come out to my house to treat termites. The person that came out to my house was extremely knowledgeable and treated my whole house for termites. After he treated them, he explained what I should expect, and told me how Termidor would work to kill the termites. The cost of the termite treatment was extremely affordable and came with a 3-year warranty. I could even extend the warranty if I wanted to for $75/yr. I am very happy with the service and would recommend them to others.
1	I'm so disappointed with Bryant Pest Control. You come to my house for services that were agreed upon and noted on the first job receipt, I didn't get all of the services promised on the first visit, I was assured that I would receive them 2nd visit and they didn't happen again. After a phone call I was told I'm not getting those services!  No reason, no follow up and a very rude service manager. I will never recommend this company...terrible customer service and essentially liars. Thanks for the aggravation.
5	We have been using Bryant Pest Control for a couple of years.  They are always on time, neat and professional. The phone person who calls the day before they spray is always in an upbeat mode and a pleasure to talk to.  Like most people, we are not fond of bugs.  Accordingly we have Bryant Pest Control out once a month, year round.  Never an issue and rarely do we see any bugs.  If you are not having them spray every 30 days, you might wish to consider that program.  To us it is money well spent.
4	Always do a good job. We haven't seen any scorpions since we started using them about 1 1/2 years ago. Wish I would have used them at our old home! Even if I have a problem, they quickly come back to fix it. I appreciate good customer service and the staff is very friendly to deal with. Recommend them!
4	Just went through their initial 2-part treatment. I had Bruce both times and felt good about the job that he did and the information he provided.Definitely competitive pricing. I like that they're local, family-owned. You can tell that they get to know customers and what is important to each. He saw that I had a dog and went through some information on his safety. Also gave me some pointers on what I could do in the nursery we're assembling to make sure bugs can't fall/crawl into baby's crib. Didn't have to spend the time to talk through that with me, but was impressed when he did. I'll certainly keep using them.
5	Bryant Pest Control is great.....the treatment they use definitely keeps the bugs away!  I've been using them for years and always had great service.  We don't usually have them come on a regular basis and we love the fact that we don't have to....they are not pushy about getting you on a plan.  Every few months is enough to keep the bugs away for us.
5	Great company! We have used them at our home for over 3 years! Unlike most pest companies, they don't make you commit to a monthly agreement but they do make a monthly courtesy call to see if you are ready for them to come out again (which is very much appreciated). We have two dogs so it's really important to us to keep them safe but that's also a priority for BPC. =)Most recently, I came home to a bee swarm in the street in front of my house. I immediately called Bryant Pest Control in a panic. The bee specialist got right on the phone and guided me through the process. He mentioned that it wasn't necessary for him to come out because he has been to my home numerous times and knows that my property doesn't have a "home" for bees. He said they would most likely just be passing through but if I still saw them within the next 2-3 days, I should call back. He was absolutely right... they were gone within the hour and I wasn't charged for that information or told that I needed an "emergency visit" with a premium price. They are good people and we are happy to support their business! Thanks for all you do!
5	We have been customers of Bryant since April 1997. It's true-they do come monthly and it is our choice. This company is awesome. Over the years we have had the normal bugs but have also had scorpions, bees and about 6 months ago a neighbor down the way had a termite infestation. No termites here because the technician checks monthly for just that. My sister has also been a customer for just about as long as us. Anyway, they have always been more than fair and provided us top service. 5 stars from the Kiley Family!
5	Office staff is very pleasant and helpful. The exterminators are quite professional. They did a great job, stand by their work and have reasonable prices. I selected this company because it's local (Gilbert) and there were so many positive reviews on yelp!
5	Love Bryant!  No contract and no pressure.  They came out after we saw our first scorpion in our house since we moved in 3 years ago.  Price was reasonable, they arrived on time, and were very thorough.  I was impressed by the guy and there was no odor which was a concern for me.  We use them at my office every month and I would never use anyone else!
5	Fast, knowledgable and professional. All around the right way to do business. They will continue to get mine.
