5	CLOSEDQuality always-being-tweaked menu, attentive staff and hands on management.  Upscale yet still reasonably priced - and friendly !Gorgeous rib eyes, best Veal dish ever (chef's special - not on menu yet) and my favorite burger in the state (on-premises hand ground best-of-class beef).  Yup it's true.  Beats even the excellent Blu Burger, and Zinc Bistro offering.  Fresh made buns, large single fried onion, thick, tasty, juicy - just perfect.Haven't tried it yet, but going back for their new Sea Bass FIsh n Chips.  Heard rave reviews from other guests over it.Excellent views across the FH lake to the "world famous" ;-) fountain - bound to go off at least once during your meal - even lit up at night.Will extend this review with more time and visits - but it's a nice change of pace and just a couple of minutes off of Shea.
2	I wish this place was better.  In fact, I think it was.  At least the mushroom flatbread was.  I had it a while back and it was great.  I had it three days ago and it pretty much sucked.  Mushy, tasteless- except for way too many onions.  I will go back and try some other things, but what used to be a great dish now blows.  On the upside, service was friendly.
5	Again, i can not believe there are only three reviews of this place, what are you Phoenicians doin and why does it not involve adoring this place. It is in Fountain Hills which is almost worth a deduction of a star but i guess i can get over that, it is phoenix, you can get anywhere in 25 minutes. From the outside it has a pretty awkward location, tucked in some business park, but once you are inside it is a decently decorated restaurant. The patio is the best part, comfy and you can watch the fountain go off.  They used to have a calamari app that was some of the best i had ever had but according to the site, no longer. The sea bass is spectacular, well paired with risotto and ratatouille.   They have a smattering of flat breads that are all pretty great for lunch, not so much for dinner. I am going to go back to AZ in a few days and will def stop by to try the steak fritte (truffle frittes, eff yea!) If you ever feel like a drive or are in the area this place is great, if it were in Scottsdale it would rival any Fox Concept Restaurant and is just generally awesome.
