4	I'll admit, I was pulled in here for an event, and probably wouldn't have stopped in otherwise. I don't usually find myself in a shop like this, with lots of personal crafts, but man am I glad I did. The regal find is a great combination of local artist productions and vintage "finds" from the area. Within minutes I had picked up an awesome blue and red giraffe toy for my nephew, knitted by a lady down the street in an assisted living facility-- the craftsmanship was fantastic , the toy was super cool, and it was amazingly affordable! We had fun in the crafts area in back, and they have a ton of other products from local artists and craftsmen. I'm a fan.
5	I can't believe I haven't written a review for this place yet!The holidays are approaching and The Regal Find is THE PLACE to go if you're in need  of a gift.  Soaps, jewelry, dolls, pillows, cards, posters, coasters (intentional rhyme), hair accessories, beer accessories, books, candles, and more.You can't go wrong for picking something out for a loved one here, but what's even cooler about The Regal Find is that the items in the store are from local artists. The staff is kind and enthusiastic about the products that are sold there and they are willing to help you find anything that you're looking for.After you're done shopping, head next door to Bloom for a cupcake. :)
5	Oh hey there Regal Find! Aren't you just a gem of a gift shop!And the fact that you're right next door to Bloom Bake Shop makes ya even sweeter! It's not often (enough) I find myself in Middleton's downtown core, but when I'm there, I can't help but visit The Regal Find and hunt for treasure. The place is one third boutique, one third vintage shop and one third craft corner! That's right, you can contact them about hosting an event for a posse of peeps who like to get their craft on. But if you're better at spotting handmade treasures than making them, there's plenty to look at. And give yourself a decent amount of time, because there's items in every square inch of the space. High and low and tacked up on walls and stacked up in crates... there's lots to look at, and all items have a stellar story to go with them.And it's for that reason I really dig the place. I have friends who have everything, so when I need to impress them with something giftable, I like to find things that have a bit more meaning than anything I'll eye over at the mall or a big-box retailer. And because owner Jessica has such a strong connection to the community, she can rattle off more info than you can fit on the gift card, but it'll warm your heart to hear her stories. Last up, the place is a 20 minute drive from my abode east of the Capitol, and I mention this to simply say Middleton isn't far! Go. Discover. Support great local businesses. Then treat yo self with a cupcake next door!
