1	Horrible service. I have never been treated so poorly in a cafe. The coffee wasn't spectacular, and it was fairly expensive for what it was. Head down to Starbucks or the Coffee Beanery.
3	This coffee shop is fine -- decently made espresso drinks and I've had no problems with the service. I use this as a backup location when the others in Shadyside are too busy. Not a huge fan of the atmosphere inside...
3	Pros: Friendly service, cookies were yummy, portions are generousCons: Coffee smoothie resembled more of a slushee, ice cream was way too soft (melted pretty much as soon as we started eating it)Conclusion: I'm willing to stop by again just for the cookies (but only if I'm already in the neighborhood). Also, looking forward to trying their coffee the next time around.
3	Jitters definitely has good coffee and ice cream, but as others noted, the service can be a little hit or miss.  The ice cream here is hand made without any preservatives.  The baked goods are from Prantl's, so they're localy sourced.  In the fall and winter they have a good pumpkin spice latte.One thing I noticed:  theyhaven't updated their website in awhile.
1	I see people sitting in Jitters' chairs outside all the time and I like the decor so I really, really want to like this place but the first time was the last time. The service was horrible and their coffee didn't taste great. I waited for ten minutes at least before the two people manning the cashier/bar before I was paid attention to and serviced as they were busy chatting with one of their friends who had stopped in. After getting my coffee, they were low on the sugars and milks and other fix-ins so was not pleased even further, especially for what I paid for a small coffee.
4	When I wake up in the morning on the weekend, Jitters is where I go for coffee.  There's nothing wrong with the Coffee Tree, but Jitters is a little bit closer, and a little bit less busy, and that's all it takes for me.The coffee's good, the prices are reasonable, and the line's never long.  The folks who work there are really nice, and all together the place just leaves you with the sensation that you enjoyed your coffee experience.  Unfortunately, I can't speak for the ice cream.  I'm not much of a sweets guy.  But it's a nice, quick place to get a decent cup of coffee.
5	Jitters has great coffee and a great atmosphere. Its cozy and has a European vibe. There is outdoor seating and the noise level is just right; quiet enough to get work done, loud enough to obscure conversations. The crowd is diverse - groups of locals, internationals, and people of all ages, but everyone is friendly and down to earth. If you are new to the area, I highly recommend it. It is a progressive coffee shop where people sip their coffee and enjoy it. A refreshing escape from the typical grind ;)
5	Big fan!  First time i have ever been to this place, and the milkshake I got was delicious.  My mother also got a frozen coffee, and I think I wound up drinking all of it for her.The cookies that were there also were great.  I am not sure whether they cooked them there fresh or not, but they were delicious.  Defiantly the best stop my mother and I had while we were on Walnut street, and i would venture back to the place in a second.PS the wait staff was also very pleasant and kind.
4	Best coffee on Walnut. Ice cream is excellent. Like the other commentators, I feel the service can be hit or miss, mostly because the lack of a clear location to form a line, but it is generally excellent. The venue isn't as cool as Coffee Tree, but the staff are always friendly, and again, the coffee is better. This is my go-to coffee place in Shadyside.
5	My favorite coffee shop on Walnut St.  Most of the folks in there are regulars who greet each ohter by name.  I did my job search there this winter so I was in daily and I too, got to know everyone there.The coffee is great, the staff is friendly, and they have free wireless.  One day I couldn't get the wireless to work and the guy who does their IT just happened to be in the shop, and not only did he set my wireless up for me (which he didn't have to do), he also fixed my computer which he REALLY didn't have to do.This place has a warm, friendly, welcoming environment and is a lot quieter that hte coffee tree.  It is my fave coffee shop! The also serve ice cream, and have outdoor seating which is perfect for summertime.
5	This is by far my favorite place to get coffee ever. If you are a student, or maybe a recent graduate in need of Internet this is the place to go. Grab a coffee and grab a seat inside or outside and enjoy using the Internet as long as you like. NO TIME LIMIT!
4	With Coffee Tree Roasters and Starbucks packed to the brim, I mustered up the courage to go back to Jitters after my first review. And the experience was a total 360! I've been back a handful times thereafter to make sure I wasn't dreaming and it has been consistently good I'm happy to report. Each time that I have gone the staff has been friendly, attentive and quick. I do like how they list the coffee of the day and of the three places here on/near Walnut I have a preference for how Jitters' coffee tastes (Starbucks is too dark for me and CTR's roast just doesn't appeal to my palette tho sometimes you'll see me sucking it up and drinking their joe). Jitters is a local neighborhood joint so you'll tend to see the same faces whenever you go which is nice and comforting in a way. They have free wi-fi though password protected and you need a key for the bathroom. I'm very glad that Jitters has turned into a positive for me!
3	Decided to give it another shot after their recent remodel.  The open/outdoor plan is a great improvement, and their regulars seem a nice bunch.  Service is friendly.The coffee options are pretty limited, as are the pastries.  I see an old review that mentions they get pastries from nearby Prantl's.  They really should go back to that.  I do not generally get ice cream with my coffee, so I can't comment on that portion of the menu.They are in a very competitive location, so they must be keeping their regulars satisfied.  I can see myself stopping in here on a whim again, but it won't be a magnet.
5	Awesome staff, quick and accurate service, great tasting coffee and free wifi... Umm, what else do you need?  I avoid the other coffee spots on Walnut either because the staff ain't so hot or it's always jam-packed.  Jitters is cozy and clean, check it out if you need a quiet little place to work or study.  The baked stuff always smells delicious, but I have yet to indulge...
3	Sorry folks, I'm not a fan.  When out with my family we decided to get something frozen for a treat.  The one good thing about this place is that it serves Dave & Andy's ice cream.  But that is possibly the only good thing about the place.There is no order in here.  Especially with three possible ways to enter.  The proper entrance at the front of the building, the side entrance or if and when the doors are open, walk right through the front of the store.  With that, no one seems to know where the line starts, if there is a line at all for service.  What should take just a few minutes to order your item easily turns into a good ten to fifteen minute wait staring down the person that just cut in front of you and several other people.The pricing seems a bit high here too.  For two scopes of ice cream the cost was equivalent to going to a frozen yogurt place and getting a cup filled with not only frozen goodness, but mixture items as well.The place is nicely set up, but it does feel a bit crowded in here.
4	I generally hate flavored coffees, but I always enjoy the flavored coffees here, especially the Hazelnut and Coconut when they are featured.The remodel makes the place much more inviting than it was in the past, and I love going in the mornings and seeing all the regulars. It's definitely comparable to Coffee Tree Roasters a few storefronts down, and definitely better than Starbucks. Fun spot for studying I would imagine, but those days are behind me thank goodness.
5	highly recommend - Ravi and the staff are the best in Shadyside
4	Quiet little spot at the end of Walnut street and my fav spot for doing a little work!I always get the same order of a cup of coffee, but all the other drink options look yummy as well!  They also have a good assortment of baked goods and ice cream!!  And in my opinion, their coffee is better than Crazy Mocha or Coffee Tree.The space is bright and clean and the baristas are also really friendly.
4	I have not been as much as I would like to in this place but I can see me going there more often.  After remodeling the place it was a nice open feel that really welcomes you to the place.  Their selection of coffees, beverages and "food" is comparable to any other coffee shop in the area.  In addition, they serve ice-cream, which is a big plus! The atmosphere is nice and quiet, appropriate for studying or even just reading your book.  They also have a mute TV that you can watch for example the world cup every 4 years :) or whatever else is on.  I am quiet sure I will be visiting this place more often in the times to come.
4	A great little neighborhood coffee that's located two blocks from my new place in Shadyside. I'm pretty sure that this place may quickly become my new place to work, and I'm surprised that I never discovered this place the last time I lived in the neighborhood. The people who work here are really nice, and what I love about this place is that most people who come in are regulars. The staff know almost every patron by name (which again speaks highly of the staff). The venue is cute and homey right at the end of the Walnut Street stores. A part of me wishes it was a bit bigger, but I think it would probably lose a lot of its charm if it was built up like the Coffee Tree Roasters across the street. One minor setback I have here is that you have to walk a ways through the building to get to the bathroom, which is a little on the gross side (however the bathroom is for the entire building, so this is probably more of a reflection on the other businesses here as much as for Jitters).  Anyways, the coffee here is good, and you get your second cup for free! I look forward to becoming one of the regulars here.
4	One of my favorite non-chain coffee shops in Pittsburgh. It is a small venue, yet there are usually some seats and tables open. However, I did have a lapse in judgment when I visited in the middle of the World Cup. They have a television set on one of the walls, so the place was packed; all the tables taken, seats being shared, and people standing, all fixated at the game.Anyways, their espresso drinks are great, their ice creams are heavenly, and their staff are very warm and nice. They provide free Wi-Fi, but the password changes occasionally. You need to ask the barista for the password. Speaking of which, the bathrooms also require a key code to enter, and they are different for the male and female bathrooms. Again, ask the baristas for these all-access passes.Overall, a great place to meet with friends, clients, your visiting relatives, or your next door neighbors. It's also quiet enough to do some studying; however, their choice of music may be distracting occasionally. Bring some headphones just in case.
4	I am definitely a fan of this place, as compared to all other coffee shops on Walnut, it is not packed. They have great coffee, and delicious homemade cookies etc. Their hot chocolate is the best. The only reason why I wouldn`t give this place a 5 star is that their tables are super tiny, and because of the size of the place, if you are a group of more than 2 people, it is very hard to sit at the same table altogether. Great place to hang out while waiting for your table at Pamela`s, especially when the weather is nice and you can grab a coffee and sit outside!
5	Their coffee is solid--better than coffee tree roasters, imo--and the atmosphere is nice and relaxed. Prefer this place over the local chains any day.
4	I just came back from a visit to Jitters, and it has totally changed in layout from how it used to be two years ago.  The counter, which used to be against the wall on the Negley side, is now across from the main door on Walnut. I think the new layout is a lot better and more intuitive.  While the space is bright, clean, and welcoming, it's quite small, only containing six tables plus a few lounge chairs inside.I ordered a small cinnamon-cardamom herbal tea, and it was served nice and hot.  I didn't add anything to my tea, but condiments and napkins can be found across from the barista's stand where you order.  I also wanted a snack, so I decided to get a potato chip cookie, since (1) it looked the most appealing and (2) it sounded interesting!  It was saltier and crispier than a regular cookie, but was still also sweet, and had a drizzle of chocolate icing on the top.  While I liked the sweet-salty combination, I would have preferred for it to have been a bit sweeter to offset the extra salt--if there had been more icing, it would have been perfect.  It was definitely different and interesting, and worth a try, though!Before I ordered, I overheard the barista saying to other customers that she didn't know where the baked goods that they sell come from, which didn't sit well with me.  (If you read the other Yelp reviews, you'll see that they come from Prantl's.) Employees should be informed about the product they're selling.  Having said that, she did describe the potato chip cookie accurately, which partially redeemed her.
