5	A fantastic little restaurant that serves delicious Japanese cuisine. Fresh ingredients, friendly staff and interesting dishes - what more could you ask for.I particularly enjoyed their eel.
4	I have been eyeing up Sushiya for a long time now. I finally convinced my flatmate to join me on a raw fish eating expedition. Sushiya is located behind the big crowd of people standing at the bus stop on Dalry Road. Blink and you will miss it, so best push past all those folk to get in. It is pretty much the smallest restaurant in the world, so you will probably have to wait like we did.The menu if packed with various raw fish delights. I am not a fish eater, but I found plenty of vegetable dishes to keep me entertained. We got a little carried away and kept ordering one dish after another, which was great fun if a little expensive. We didn't end up vomitting the next day, so the food is clearly fresh which is important when you are eating it raw!
2	I don't like Sushi, so I was doomed from the minute I walked through the door here.I asked the waiter what is the best thing to have for a first-time sushi experience,... he laughed in my face and told me I was in the wrong place. How rude!!My brothers loved the sushi, they actually like it, I hated it. I left feeling hungry and cheated. It's a nice place, but just not my cup of tea.
5	Despite the unglamorous location, Sushiya is surprisingly excellent. I pretty much like anything Japanese, fishy or raw, so I suppose they were already preaching to the coverted, but after a few makis, sashimis and gun kans, I was pretty impressed.They've also made a bit of an effort beyond the food, with Japanese telly and (possibly unintentional) clinical and cramped feel that adds to the whole feel of the place.Try anything with fish eggs. Tremendous.
5	I'm vegetarian and I LOVE sushi.It is the antithesis of all other foods which I indulge in when visiting restaurants.  Light, delicate, healthy, and when you stuff your face full of it you don't feel like lying down in a dark room, unmoving, for a few hours.What on earth do I eat in Sushiya? Skewered vegetables to start, a beautiful selection which always includes slightly charred leeks with a delicate sweet soy sauce.Maki.  Wonderfully uniform rolls of rice wrapped in nori (seaweed), with tender rice and either creamy, rich avocado in the center - or a tiny and refreshing crunch of cucumber.  Dip them in soy sauce swirled with wasabi and feel that countering hit of savoury bite and mustardy inhalation assault your senses.Tofu nigiri.  Hand shaped rice 'pillows', wrapped in a miniature tent of slightly sweet, delicate tofu.  Wash it all down with some Asahi Super Dry, which compliments the wheaty richness of the soy sauce - and cool off with a serving of deliciously light Green Tea Ice Cream.  There's not much space in the restaurant, but I personally could not care less.  Service has always been lovely.
4	I've been here a few times for lunch and enjoyed it every time.  I'd quite like to see what it's like in the evening.
3	My quest for good sushi in Edinburgh is one I have been patiently working through. Each time a friend suggests "sushi?" I make sure it's a new place I've not tried before. And when said friend lives near Haymarket, there were really a lot of options close by. Two doors down in fact.We pipped for Sushiya as, firstly, there were good Yelp reviews and, secondly, it just 'felt' nicer. It's really small inside, and we nabbed the last table (at the bench bar) and a few people were turned away after us. Although I did see 'reserved' tables so you can book.I was impressed initially by the display of raw fish at the counter. Yum. The menu isn't *too* extensive which is, in a way, nice as it stops my endless chop-and-change, last minute panic "I'll have it all!" dilema.I went for the chicken skewers, and the squid. I was excited about the squid. It's one of my new discoveries, and one which I love. I wanted a whole mini squid to nom. My friend ordered the rice box with eel, which she was also excited about.The chicken skewers were chicken skewers. Nice, did the job, but no better than a pack of chicken skewers from a supermarket you could heat up. They lacked any 'grilled' or charcoal flavour too. And my squid. Oh sad, sad days. Not a whole squid at all. Instead, a little ball of rice with the thinnest, spaghetti-type strips of squid I've ever seen. I couldn't even taste the squid. The way it had been cut, into spaghetti strips, meant it didn't have that satisfying juicy bite. This is the first thing I"ve ordered in a long, long time that I have been thoroughly disappointed with and eat only out of "well I've paid for it now". It was mainly rice.It could be my fault for not understanding what the dish was. But the description only described it as 'grilled squid'. No mention of rice. First off, the squid-spaghetti on top was not grilled. And secondly, there was probably one whole mouthful of squid in there.My friend's eel box was rice, eel, brocolli and that was it. The eel had a really strong flavour but was a bit spongy.I did eye-up other people's dishes (of course) and the sashimi dishes looked far more appealing and well presented. You still don't get a lot on your plate (standard practice in sushi bars it seems) but the raw tuna and salmon looked like it would have been more flavourful and satisfying.Three stars because it's cute inside, the other dishes looked ok, and it wasn't 'bad' per se. Apart from my squid-disappointment (squid spaghetti I tell you!) Next time I'm just going to order 'a whole squid please'.Also, three stars as so far I've been generally unimpressed with all of Edinburgh's sushi offerings and this seemed to be one of the better.
4	Can't comment on the sushi in the joint, although the platters floating by did look appetizing. I came here because I was hid with a sudden and severe craving for ramen, and Yelp helpfully told me this might well be the only place in town that does it.I ordered the traditional ramen and it hit the spot perfectly. The broth was sweeter than I'm used to, and there was no chili oil to spice it up, but it was still hearty and flavorful, good for the soul and the hungry belly. Noodles cooked to perfection, and all the fixin's - tender pork, sweet bamboo shoots, salty seaweed, a hard-boiled egg - and this Yelper was in ramen heaven. The vat, I mean bowl, was big enough to stick my head in, I mean fill me up with delicious ramen goodness. Mmm, I'm craving it all over again.
4	We ate here last night and we were very pleased.  We had six or seven different dishes.  My son, who has had sushi in many big cities says what we had was very good, but their selection is not as broad as some other cities (e.g. London, Chicago,....).  We did not have reservations either night that we went to Sushiya, but our timing was perfect so we got to sit down.  Several people were turned away while we were eating.  You might want to make reservations to be safe.
3	For some reason, I had a craving for ramen in Scotland of all places.  I found this place near a bus stop on my way back to the hotel.  I ordered the traditional ramen.  It was a miso based ramen with all the fixings.  The bamboo shoots was almost candy like (don't like it).  The half egg was hard boiled instead of being half boiled and flavoured.  The noodles had a good textured and cooked perfectly.  I was still hungry and ordered a scallop handroll.  It wasn't on the menu, but the chef agreed to make it for me.  He made me order it through the waitress instead of him telling her to put it on the bill.  He wasn't that friendly.  They seemed pretty busy back their.I would give it 2 stars if compared to restaurants in the San Francisco Bay Area, but it deserves 3 stars for being in Edinburgh.
2	This restaurant is only appropriate for a quick casual lunch/dinner, but is not recommended.Pros: very tasty prawn tempura, ok food presentation, very kind and attentive waitress.Cons: average taste overall, very poor ambience, uncomfortable chairs, poor value for money, misleading pictures on the internet, very unsuitable for a date.Comparison: Kanpai, Tang's, Koyama and Bonsai are all much better (in order of preference).
3	The overall atmosphere of the Japanese restaurant is good. There are about 6 table (not wide restaurant). I ordered traditional port ramen, california roll, kyoja (a fried dumpling stuffed with minced pork). Ramen is very good. California roll is not bad (it is bigger than the size I anticipated and a grain of rice is not 'Shari used to making sushi. but it is general in Edinburgh). Kyoja is so so. Price is a little expensive than my anticipation.
2	I love Japanese food. Its usually non greasy, great presentation and with fresh ingredients.Previous experience in sushiya had been good, but the last time I went, two things I've noticed; different people ( chef and staff ) and the quality of food was disappointing. I've ordered one of my favourite item from their menu which was Tokyo roll. When the food arrived, presentation was great just like the old times...but as I was having my first bite...it tasted funny...like it was cooked in some overnight oil or something like that. It had that stale taste..it wasnt pleasant.  Then the ramen I ordered and was so looking forward to, again it looked exactly like how it used to look but flavour wise was very bland...lack of flavour...both my favourite...I was so doubly looking forward to my meal at sushiya...and I was doubly disappointed...
5	Awesome place to try some Sushi that is great tasting. Waitress was really nice and when we left the staff all said 'goodbye' which I thought was a nice touch. Will be here again sometime soon!
3	Getting a table at sushiya has, for some time, been a minor goal of mine. Booking one, rather than turning up in hope, finally achieved that last weekend. The place is tiny and has been popular pretty much since first opening its doors so it came as no surprise that even on a wet Sunday evening it was full.The sister establishment of the larger Kanpai on Grindlay Street, it was clear from the website that many of the same dishes were going to be on offer. Like Kanpai Sushiya lets itself down with the initial impression created upon opening its menus - marker pen crossings out of dishes etc. all look unprofessional. Added to that they had apparently run out of common or garden pork so stock management issues seem to be another trait the two places share.The two ramen dishes we ordered were well served and as filling and unfinishable as you'd normally expect for that option. As with Kanpai the green tea and water are regularly topped up and the service overall was attentive and speedy. Still, I'd not rush back.
