5	We've needed a convenient local urgent care facility rather than using large emergency rooms in this part of town. We got the chance to use it yesterday when my wife fell and thought she broke her ankle. We got in, saw the doctor, had four x-rays taken, casual conversation with the doctor, and abrasions wrapped and out the door in one hour. The staff was casually professional, quick, and friendly. Without this facility, we would have had to use the hospital or wait until the next day. One hour-----if we had to use the hospital, we'd still be there.
5	Clean, professional, not scary. There was no one else waiting there, so I saw a nurse practitioner immediately and was out the door 15 minutes after I walked in. She was super sharp and explained my illness and her prescription very clearly. If you can't get to your general practitioner, this is a fantastic alternative.
5	I needed to get an appointment to get some stitches removed from my finger. I called my primary care physician, the hospital I went to and a few other places and nobody could accomodate me in a reasonable amount of time. I contacted Alliance, and they were able to get me in same day. Not only did they get me in, but unlike almost ever other dr experience I've ever had, they were ready when I arrived! Check in was a breeze and within 10 minutes or so up on arriving, I was already in the back awaiting the doctor. All total, I think I spent maybe 30 minutes there? It was a great experience (or as good as it can get when you're at Urgent Care). The staff was courteous, speedy and professional. Highly recommend this place if you're in need of urgent care in the area.
5	Came in right as they opened on a Friday. Was seen immediately. Treated with both dignity and respect, which was more than I had for myself given the degree of my illness and the lack of slept I had. I was in and out in under 30 minutes. Incredible! The last urgent care I was at in Chandler took over 2 hours, so this was a nice breath of relief to come here and really feel  like I was being taken care of. Doctor answered all of my questions, wasn't condescending, and told me to come back if I didn't feel better in 48 hours. Luckily, I am. Thank you Dr. Nadine! :)
5	came here cus a 48 year old lady who dress like a teenage boy whooped my ass on the lightrail cus ahe wanted me to fork over my thirstbuster. i said no its mine. and she started swinging on me with her can o pringles. tgen my face started to bleed. i ran off the train straight into urgent care. when I asked the doc how many stitches I had to get on my busted lip, he said, "one."
5	Sunday morning minor injury without insurance. No waiting, was seen immediately, X-ray bandaged up and Rx in hand within 1 hour! Competent caring medical professionals. Very affordable.
5	Came in on a Saturday. I was greeted warmly. They got me in and out so fast! Even gave me a doctors note if I don't feel better by Monday.
