5	Two Spoons Desserts is by far the most outstanding dessert caterer in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.  Lonni is a true culinary star, and her brownie bites with their chocolate ganache frosting were the best.  Recently my employer purchased 100 of these delectible desserts and our staff could not stop raving about them for days.  can't wait to see what she delivers next!!
5	I ordered the Toffee Bar Cheesecake for my husband's birthday and oh my gosh, it was beautiful, absolutely fabulous and deliciuos!  My husband and guests were so impressed. We all commented on how it was the most delicious cheesecake we've ever tasted! Yum. A bonus was that Lonni, the pastry chef, personally delivered to our home. You can't beat that for service. She was right on time, too.I've already placed an order for the chocolate ganache brownies for my sister's 50th birthday coming up on October 7th. I'll share a review of those after we devour them.You can't go wrong supporting this local bakery : )
5	Three words- PEANUT BUTTER PIE..............the newest thing on the menu....wait, it might not even be on the menu yet......If you like peanut butter and banana together, you can not go wrong with these individual bite-size (or maybe two bite size) delicacies that absolutely MELT in your mouth.Definately my new favorite, do you think I can somehow incorporate them into Thanksgiving dinner??
5	I met Lonni at a party (actually a party at my place as she was the guest of a mutual friend) and she brought a few amazing treats to share... (yes we were instant friends...her treats were soooo deelish how could anyone not Love her!) She brought some of her brownie treats and some caramel popcorn bites and they were finished in minutes!  I have ordered from her on a few occasions and have had rave reviews for my gift of goodies every time! When I brought some of her treats to thanksgiving at my boyfriends families home last year I asked her to make something that could last a few days, travel well and was sure to impress.  WOW she packed them extra carefully and after the family tried her Oatmeal Caramelita treats they wanted to know if she was single so they could marry one of the cousins to her so they could get to eat them more often! Funny story but OH So True! Her treats are fantastic! I haven't had the cheesecakes yet but I am thinking they are next on the list!
5	Lonni is truly talented not only because of the magic she creates in every bite of her desserts but also in her artistic presentation of it all. It must be a gift she was blessed with! In all the recipes I've tried i just can not duplicate the taste in even the simplest of desserts. What is your secret ingredient?! I'm beginning to wonder if it is an illegal substance : )  I proudly present her desserts to clients as thank you gifts and THAT is why they keep calling me for repeat business! My all time favorites are her brownie bites and rice krispie treats. Oh, but the choc. chip cookies are so good, too, and the mini-cheesecakes...
