4	I have stayed at this location several times, the first was back in 2006. We stayed there for 3 days if I remember correctly. It was clean and reasonably priced with our government discount. We had a dbl queen room on the 3rd floor. I don't remember to much more about this stay.The most recent stay was on August 5th. I stopped here again due to location and rates. I did not have a reservation but they had several rooms available. I opted for a King Deluxe room this time (I have stayed at other La Quintas and stayed in the King suites; if you don't need that separate sitting room and couch the King Deluxe is sufficient). It has a nice desk with office chair, another sitting chair, recliner, dresser with flat screen TV. and to night stands on either side of the bed. It also comes with a mini fridge and microwave. The hotel was clean and the staff was very friendly. I paid $86 for a Friday night (very reasonable- the king suite usually runs you about $100) It is cheaper if you book on-line or have a Government or AAA discount, I believe the accept AARP as well. On-line booking usually saves you about $20.The best part of it is they accept pets at this location (some of their locations do not). They do not charge extra for pets, they just have you sign an agreement about damages your pet may make and give you a list of rules like having your pet on  a leash at all times (your usual pet policies). They have a continental breakfast from 7am - 10am; I did not try it but there were a lot of people partaking in the breakfast. They also have an outdoor pool. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 was due to the noise level. You can hear people in the hall when you are in your room and  you can hear people in their rooms when you are in the hall. The other reason is they did not have a vending machine or ice machine on my level (level 2). I am not sure where they are located; I  didn't ask or go looking for it.
4	I must say I usually stay at Hyatt's and was SO impressed with this hotel.  It was clean and the service was amazing!  I also loved that it had about 7 different restaurants to choose from within walking distance.  I would definitely stay here again!
1	The hotel is great and very nice. It's a very nice La Quinta Inn.  The issue is the hotel double charged me for my stay.  I spend several hours with the hotel staff and told me stuff. I am not sure if the stuff was true. I have my doubts.    I finally dispute my charge with my credit card company as it was not refund.  I then had to threaten legal action against this specific hotel including cost of going back to Yuma for the court case. Only after that did they refund the money.  It took almost a month for me to get my money back after they double charged me.  Please note with my credit card activity, I can tell when the refund was put through on their side and when it posted so I know it was posted afterwards.    I have been double charged before by hotels. I understand the mistake, it happens. All the hotels had the charged refund within a day or two of calling, not a month and not having to threaten legal action.  I don't known, if I would stay here again. It's nice but I would NEVER GIVE THEM MY CREDIT CARD AGAIN.  In all honesty, I am not sure if I would stay at another La Quinta agian.
4	I don't normally frequent La Quinta's but this one is convenient for my work in AZ. There are tons of eating choices within walking distance. The rooms are large, clean, and they have updated TV's. They have a nice continental breakfast in the morning with a waffle maker. I always try to stick to cereal! I would stay here anytime I'm in town and I would also reccomend it to others visiting the area.
2	Not impressed with the hallways that wreak of cigs... And it comes through the vents when the cooling system is on. Otherwise it could have been okay. I hate second hand establishments... Free cancer is on the free breakfast menu I guess.
1	We stayed here without realizing that they allow pets.  There was barking in the early morning, dog droppings on the carpet in the hallway near our room, and dog mess in the elevator.  When we complained to the front desk, the clerk was sorry, but not sympathetic, stating that she always takes her dog along when travelling.  We will not stay here again, or at any location of this chain that allows dogs.
1	The Inn is very clean and the staff is very curteous.However, months ago we reserved ten (10) rooms for two nights, for an upcoming event. We were given the rate of $85.50 per night. We didn't know that it was a special rate for booking so many rooms - we just thought that was the regular room rate.Later, we found another hotel that was less money per night - so we cancelled all but one (1).  We were not told that now the price per room was going to jump from $85.50 per night to $135 for one of the two nights and $139 for the other night. Nope. No one said anything to us. If we'd known about the increase in price we never would have kept the room.So, imagine my surprise when the bill came to $307.  We spoke to the hotel manager, Kimberly Riddle, and explained our situation. She listened to our explaination and then just said,"We quoted you the new price. We will not adjust your bill."  Really? Well, it was months ago - how would she even know - we didn't talk to her!But she was adamant and that is that.  If she would have just apologized for the misunderstanding and gave us like $20 or something - the gesture would have been appreciated.  But she was very curt and rude and made us feel as though we were trying to scam her.We enjoyed our stay there - but it ended on a rather sour note with the experience and talking to Kimberly Riddle.My advice? Book at your own risk!
4	I was here for 5 days for a training for work. It was very nice and my minor problem was handled very quickly and politely by Sean on the first day my group was there. The room was newly remodeled and on the 6th floor, AC worked great, bed was comfy and everything in the room functioned well. Breakfast was included and there was at least 10 restaurants in the parking lot so you will not be hungry. The only reasons I can't give this hotel 5 stars is that the "business" center computer was down all week and the nice lady who refilled the breakfast buffet was very slow to refill the items, something was out of stock every few minutes of every day, milk, bagels, cream cheese, waffle batter, syrup. Yes I would stay again in a heartbeat and everyone was very nice.
2	Ok, so I'm not expecting 5-star accommodation but I think the management needs to understand that the little things do make a difference. For example, they have the cheapest, 1-ply toilet paper and the facial tissue is more like a paper towel. Also, just bar soap and shampoo? No conditioner or lotion?  Come on, how expensive can these be?  Otherwise, it's ok for the price and, for me, the location was ideal. Would I stay again?  Probably not. I'm big on the little things.
