3	Great food [the menu has pages and pages of Mussels!] and lots of microbrews. Seating can be tough, but it's worth the [short] wait.
4	Very funky brewpub that would fit right in on South Street Philadelphia.  Open late with great pub food, we got the locally made sausages which were excellent, thankfully they do not serve poutine, the ghastly signature snack of Montreal.  Make good beers as well as stock an huge international list of bottles.  Walked by it for 3 days until a nasty rainy evening and it was across from our hotel, so we went in and happy we did.
3	I had a pint of beer and a small bowl of fries here, while waiting for a friend. Nice ambiance, good micro brew beer. Sweet potato fries comes with selection of mayonnaise, nice.
3	Good beers, good food.
4	The beer list is great and the atmosphere is very relaxed compared to the rest of the area.  We got a few burgers that were really interesting.  Caribou burger was decent and the ostrich with goat cheese was great!  They know how to make an awesome french fry and the best part was that they were topped with sweet potatoes chips that were really delicious.  Definitely check this place out!
5	If you like a mind-blowing beer and mussels selection, then get your butt here pronto. I was blown away by the beer list, which is far bigger than their menu. Nevertheless, I have never seen so many delectable mussel creations served piping hot and super delicious. Everything I drank and ate was shear bliss and it wasn't as pricey as I expected. The quality of beer, mussels and service made this place a favorite of mine. Go here with friends, a date, or just by yourself if you don't want to share.
5	This place is an exceptional gastropub.  A well-curated and extensive selection of beers, primarily focused on Belgians, it seems.  Local brewers are nicely represented in the list, as well as a wide range of imports.  There really isn't a beer there that I wouldn't consider enjoying.  While there, we enjoyed De Block's Satan Gold, St. Ambroise Apricot Wheat from McAuslan, Unibroue's Don de Dieu, and Leffe's Radieuse, all of which constitute an excellent cross-section of the local and imported offerings.The food was a brilliant complement to the beer; much of the food incorporates beer from their list in its preparations.  Notably, Bieres Et Compagnie offers a large range of preparations of mussel, as well as several gourmet burgers and other main dishes.We spent much of a weeknight at this spot; it was fairly full but not overly crowded and with a good atmosphere.  We had a friendly server with good beer knowledge, and will happily find ourselves here again in the future next time we are in town.  It's a no-brainer stopping point for beer fans.
4	Before Yelp came to Canada I found myself wandering St Denis not knowing where to eat. That was 4 summers ago. When I searched "Mussels" on Yelp recently, I came face to face with the very place I passed an evening drinking fruity beers from a staggering list and nibbling on frites. And how happy was I to find an old favourite.This time, I was floored by the choices in mussels - three pages worth! Between the Guinness or wine broth blended with a symphony of onions, tomatoes and other tasty ingredients there's no way of getting bored of the choices, unless of course you're not into mussels. And if that's the case... the medley of sausage might be just up your alley! Ostrich, duck and beef, served with fries. If I could chose again, I'd ask for three of the duck sausage with it's citrus goodness. And in the department of fry dips, I'd go Dijonnaise over and over and over again. (You get one dip with every order of fries, but you'll have to specifically request ketchup)Grab a beer, or a bite, or both. There's plenty of seats, lots of TVs, lively posters and an overall atmosphere that will make you feel like a local.
3	a great list of choices for beers and drinks. lots and lots and lots of choices for mussels. almost too much with a few ones similar. but still a really good place for mussel fries. i would say the fries are on the light side. deserts were awesome, though a little pricey. staff is nice but not really exceptional, provided we arrived late on a saturday night. but good service makes for great tips, and we didn't get "great"  service. still it was decent and we had a good time. i will go again.
5	I really enjoyed this place tonight. We had a lot of beer, and all of it was new (and, even better, local) for me. The beer selection is pretty impressive, and I really enjoyed finding stuff I've never had before, especially since I had had 550+ different beers before arriving here. In terms of food, it was also good, but not as good as the beer. We started with the crispy cheese and the cream of mushroom soup, and both were divine. Don't neglect the semi-decorative salad that comes with the crispy cheese, because it is super tasty. The tomatoes were a little hard, but otherwise the whole thing was delicious. For entrees, we got the bison flank steak and the caribou chili. While both were good, we were both a little disappointed with the decision to heavily spice the meat. With good (expensive), interesting meat, it's a shame to drown it in spices. I would not have been able to tell you the chili was caribou; I probably could have managed that it was not beef, but no more than that. I guess in chili that's understandable. But the bison... It says on the menu that it's heavy on the spice and I ordered it anyways. I'm still puzzled as to why you would want to disguise any meat, and especially something that's a little unusual. Anyways... If you're not a francophone, don't worry about the food; the menu has English at the bottom of each French listing. The beer list, on the other hand, is all French.
4	I've never had a problem getting seated here. I've been in for both lunch and dinner several times, as well as for the occasional afternoon drinks-and-dessert. The food is very good--dinner especially, I think, when you can get any number of game meats in addition to the usual beef, chicken, and mussels. I've especially enjoyed the bison here. There are also some great desserts--the cheesecake is recommended!The highlight of this place, though, is the beer. Oodles and oodles of options, pretty much all of them reasonably priced. I'm a big fan of the "beer cocktails" menu--you wouldn't think, to read them, that some of the combinations on the list would be good, but truly, all of them (and we've tried a number of them) have been very, very tasty. The Guinness-and-cider Black & Tan "cocktail" is really good, and sort of fascinating to watch as it mixes itself together over time!There aren't many places in the world where you could go with your sweetie and also with a big group; this is a restaurant that could and does ably serve in both situations. The booths can be cozily romantic or full of a crowd, depending.I don't find the lunch menu as compelling as the dinner menu. While it is well-priced for a very solid lunch, I don't think it is nearly as spectacular. So save your cash, and come here in the evening--you'll leave pleasantly stuffed and pleasantly tipsy.
3	Went there with a bunch of friends. Ordered various mussel dishes, fries and beers. The mussels were OK - though mine were a bit sandy and on the small side. Flavors were decent enough. Good beer selection. Solid service - nothing to write home about though. With all that said, I'd go back. Nice atmosphere for a late summer day.
3	This place is a Quebec chain. The restos are conveniently located, large enough to generally accommodate you whenever you show up. Large plastic menu in the style of American chains, but in French and with an emphasis on foods we dig here in Quebec like moules et frites and smoked meat. The food is average, but if you go for beers and fries during 5a7 you're likely to leave feeling buoyant and ok with your life choices. It's called joie de vivre =)
4	If you like mussels, this place will do ;) 3 pages of different mussel dishes, a full beer menu + it's been around for long enough that you know no one has ever been poisoned here (which is the first thing I look for in a mussel restaurant).
2	3 star for the food and the beer... 2 star for the service (one of the worst I experienced in Montreal during my short trip)Bieres et compagnie has great selections of beer... pages and pages of beers... hard to make a choice especially the place is so dark...  Can you move the candle over?Mussels... mussels are really good! I really enjoyed them... they are big and fresh and the broth just prefect with a hint of beer.Hard to get any services... we were seated for a long time before anyone would take our orders... and then just wait for everything....  The waitresses were busy talking to the patrons at the bar and the place was not even busy... maybe it was too dark they couldn't see us in the dark?
4	I've been here twice now and really enjoyed it both times.  We came early both times, so no problems with seating, and had delicious meals.  But let's get real; I went for the beer.  I had some delicious beers, some mediocre beers, and the hands-down-wash-my-mouth-out-with-soap-worst-I've-ever-had beer (maple syrup something-or-other... don't do it!).  Back to the food for a moment: the menu is huge, especially if you're into muscles.  There are some more interesting dishes like caribou chili and then some more common things like steak.  I would recommend the fried cheese appetizer and a willy-nilly sampling of some of their beers.The reason I'm not giving 5 stars is that I wish this place didn't charge so much for their beers.  I know that it's standard to price things as they have, but that doesn't mean I can't feel slightly grouchy about it.
5	Love, love, LOVE this place!!!  Perfect place for sustenance after a full day visiting the Botanical Gardens + Insectarium.  Why the love? 1) An extensive/impressive beer selection (Unibroue, now one of my new fave beer makers - hope I can find their brews in Ca!); 2) Food: Fully loaded nachos with bacon, sausage, chicken, black olives, cheese + onions. Bison burger was juicy and flavorful; 3) Great service/ambiance - definitely mellower vibe in the early evening, but still all good. ;-)
4	Came here for dinner on our first night in Montreal. It was close to our apt and a little off the beaten path. We were seated at a table and though this place specializes in brews we decided on a bottle of rose. It was moderately priced and not too dry. For dinner i chose on a small caesar salad and a small pot of mussels. There are about 10 different the of mussels to choose from I opted for the leek,cream and garlic. The caesar salad was plain but came avec bacon... interesting but strange. The small mussels looked more like a large i wasn't able to finish the whole pot. A few were un opened which usually isn't a good sign. Im not really sure how large the large is but  the small was more than enough for me. The only downside was that i didn't get any fries with my mussels but the plat size comes with fries so if you are super hungry then the large pot will be your best bet. Our server was super nice and suggested a few bars for us to check out on rue mont royal.I would come back here for sure.PS Loads of TV's for catching up on the sports action
5	Ok so if you like beer, come here. Seriously. Just do it. You will thank me later. Why? Because they have over 100 beers to choose from, all countries, some local, all alcohol %, fruit, not fruit, amber, dunkel, weiss..you name it they have it. I am not a big beer fan, but I enjoyed the 3 that I tried.Next. If you like seafood, come here for the mussels. Seriously. Just do it. You will thank me later. Why? Because they have over 25 sauces for mussels! I got the irlandaise mussels which were amazing! And then split (I forgot the name!) an Italianone? Maybe Romanoff with a friend and omg they were super amazing. You will not leave here hungry that is for sure and on weekends apparently there are free refills on the fries and mussels! Whaaaaaaa? Also, calling ahead got us in pretty quickly!
4	On my three day trip to Montreal, I made the rare move of eating here twice. The atmosphere is nothing special and reminds me of any brew pub. However, the menu is huge and the value is incredible. The menu had to contain at least 50 beers and thirty preparations of mussels, as well as numerous appetizers, steaks, and burgers. Each portion comes with a huge dish of French fries and house-made sweet potato chips. I had the caribou burger and the bison steak here. Both tasted great and very reasonably priced. FYI: The burgers are cooked well done by default, so be sure to let your server know if you prefer your burgers cooked less.
4	I wish I had more time to spend at this place because I really want to try more of their menu. Spending a long weekend in Montreal and came across this after much yelping for a high quality beer-food combo. The beer selection is ridiculous. Most of the varieties are a bit further afield than what I get to taste in my travels, which was a welcome surprise. There are about 8 beers on tap, and the rest are in bottles. My one complaint, beer-wise, was that they dedicate more of their menu to drafts. Who wants to schill out $8-11 for a 12oz?!I had the European hot dog, which was really tasty. It was served in a hearty roll, but midway through it became a bit too much, so I tossed it aside to enjoy the sausage/mustard combo. Flavorful without being too overpowering. They have five house mayonnaises; I tasted the spicy garlic and the dijonnaise. Both were great, but I was hoping for a more distinct mustard flavor from the latter. Girlfriend got the burger. Had a couple of bites. It was good, but nothing special. I was surprised to learn that they only cook it well done, even after asking for medium rare. Is that a legal thing? It seems absurd to so overcook good beef. If that's the case, what do French restaurants serve in lieu of tartare??Next time, I intend to come hungrier and try out one of the many mussel varieties that they have on offer. Definitely on my list of places to try again the next time I make it back to Montreal!
4	Dined here just last night after feeling conflicted on where to go. I immediately knew we chose right upon entering the restaurant. It was dark and busy without being packed, and every table seemed to be in great spirits. I got a burger with spicy garlic mayo and an American IPA. Food was solid despite the fact that the burger was only available well done. The real winner for me were the fries and mayo combo. Definitely ate more of them than I had intended to. (I think there were like 3 left) only star off comes from pricey beer, though that seems to be the norm around town. I wish there was a place that had such an amazing beer selection that I could actually reasonably afford to try a variety of. Staff was nice and very accommodating to out of towners. Overall, a satisfying pick for beer people.
4	Came here for the mussels and they did not disappoint. There is enough mussel variations to choose from to make its own sub menu.  And when you come Sunday through Wednesday they have an ayce special at the listed price so quite a find. Wish we had places like these in NYC. Their list of beers is even longer than their regular menu plus lots of things to choose from aside from mussels as well. Service was great and they even give you choices for the mayo.  And the broths are hearty - we had the frutti di mare and Genoese and that came with fries and sampling of bread. That was plenty. Nice environ located in what appears to be an old bank space so good for date or small group setting.
4	While this is not the best place to have a quiet, romantic dinner because the music is always very loud - they even have speakers outside the restaurant... I don't get that - it is hands down the best place in Montreal for mussels, fries and killer homemade mayo.
4	Me and my boyfriend were visiting Montreal for the first time, and whist looking for somewhere to have dinner, we stumbled across Bieres et Compagnie. It looked so warm and inviting on what was a very cold evening. We were seated fairly quickly without a reservation. The decor and the ambiance in the place was pretty sweet and relaxing. Decorated with loads of beer bottles and vintage beer adverts. The menu was extensive and mixed, we skipped on the mussels and decided to go for the Chicken and Mushroom burger and some beer battered onion rings to start. The onion rings were awesome. Not soggy but super crisp and delicious! The burger was also amazing, really enjoyable and full of flavour. The only disappointing factor was the fries - they were quite soggy, but came with a choice of mayonnaise. We went for Sun-dried Tomato Mayo and Green Pesto which were pretty good.   We just went for a standard pint of cheap beer each as we were on a budget, but their drinks menu was pretty extensive with some of my favourites in there (Desperado's!) I gave 4 starts based on the fries and it was also a little pricey for what was on offer, it was more like 4.5 starts however because we would definitely go back if we were in Montreal again!
3	My first time in Montreal! I have heard so much about the food here and because my bf and I were only here for two days, we (or I) wanted to maximize my eating experience. My bf brought me to this very popular brunch place (name eludes me now) and the line was INSANE! I am normally not a stand-in-line girl, but add to the fact that it was FRICKIN cold, I was dying. And I was hungry. I was so hungry that I told my bf I just wanted to eat at St. Hubert's for lunch as it was close by. Yes, St. Hubert's as my first restaurant destination in Montreal!Luckily, we also passed by this pub, which I thought was just a regular pub...until we stepped in. This is a classy, glorified, upscale pub...whatever you want to call it. The place was pretty empty and we got to sit in nice circular booths...stars for that! As with other reviews, you come here for the mussels and we were not disappointed. However, can anyone really do mussel's badly?Because I was planning a birthday dinner for my bf, I wanted to eat light. And of course, my "light" was ordering the sausage dish with your choice of two HUGE sausages, salad and a compliment of different mustards. Delish, but feeling absolutely full. I couldn't even imagine eating dinner...which is probably why I got sick after my dinner (another review on that).There are lots of beers here and my bf tried a local Quebecois choice. I had some beer with a polar bear as the icon...refreshing to say the least.All in all, not bad. I loved the atmosphere, but it was quiet and for a late lunch. From other reviews, the service may be on or off, but ours was certainly nothing to complain about. The food also didn't disappoint (BIG PORTIONS), and you can never go wrong with a wide selection of beers.
2	Got the burger of the month.  Was good but not exceptional.  The menu is a little pricy for the quality and service.
4	Service was friendly and with a smile. I had the European mussels and our waiter made good suggestions on beers. I can't resist mussels, it's a weakness. The ambiance was cute for a date or an intimate group dinner.
1	The mussels were excellent. The french fries were mediocre, but the choucroutte (sauerkraut) was awful: large chunks of hard uncooked cabbage with carrots, potatoes, and, admittedly some slices of sausage all floating in warm water. It ruined our evening.Ed
3	Came back w friend & took advantage of the ayce which was a great deal. Good tv screens and lots of bieres. Service could b better & tables get tight w all the items they bring u for the mussels & beers.
2	I am sad to have to give a poor review to one of my favorite restaurants going back 9 years. It appears the owner has decided to turn it into a quasi-night club, with a DJ and music turned up to extremely loud. But at 830 pm?? How can anyone enjoy a meal with friends when everyone is shouting and straining to hear? Bad choice Mr. Owner. When I complained, the staff responded quite apologetically (they seem to know about the problem), but were not able to get the sound lowered to acceptable levels. My speaking up about this earned me several high fives from other patrons. But where were all the customers? Place was unusually empty..... Oh yeah, the disco atmosphere drove people away. If the situation is corrected, I will gladly update this review. Aside from excess noise, food was great (as usual), and the staff were friendly and charming.
4	This place is amazing for mussels and beer. Two dozen varieties of mussel sauces and over a hundred different beers from local breweries and worldwide. Each beer is served in its appropriate branded glassware and on its branded coaster. Fries come with the mussels and a choice of fine dipping sauces. Yum. You need to reserve on Saturdays.
1	Three of us went here on a Tuesday evening at around 6:30. We were greeted by the hostess and shown to our seats. That was it. 15 minutes later after no one aknowledged that we were there except for the hostess who kept on sneaking into the kitchen and coming back out pretending not to chew on something.We slowly got up and left. No staff even noticed.I can understand if they were packed, but not even close.
1	Horrible!!! The worst service EVER!!! Went there on Monday Dec 8th around 9 pm and the waiter was extremely rude all night!!! Normal food, overpriced! But the worst service!!!! Hope the boss can read this and really do about it... The waiter ruined my brother's b-day!
1	The food has gone downhill. We ordered French Onion Soup, Nachos, and Chicken Wings. I know, I know, we should have ordered the muscles, but come on - this stuff was on the menu, if they don't want people to eat it, don't put it on the menu. The French Onion Soup was 40% cheese, and so sweet - eyes closed - it could have been a caramel macchiato. The wings weren't the worst, but just weren't 1/10th as good as they were last time I was there. They tasted like rotisserie chicken. The nachos - let me just say this about nachos - if the salsa you put on it is actually curry sauce, you need to put that on the menu in giant bold letters. They call it cheddar beer sauce - but again, eyes closed - it's butter chicken sauce. Which isn't bad per se, but what it does to nachos is bad. It makes them into a soggy corn mash about 2 chips down.The beer cocktails were kind of alright, and the service was ok. You know, just don't eat the food, because it's super gross.
