1	Being a customer at the Ellsworth/Baseline store for nearly 12 years, after my recent check up, I've decided this will be my last visit.  They seem to have undergone an entire staff change on the day I was there, and as a medical practice manager, that was probably the least professional group I've ever seen. No one made eye contact with me, they were too glued to their screens.  One employee would only help a couple that was there (for the whole hour I was there), who were obviously personal friends of hers. The other employee not only wouldn't get out of her chair to show me glasses, but was very little help when I was asking her questions about options, etc. Her eyes only would look at her computer screen or the tatoos on her forearms. I assume it was "friday dress down day" when I was there as the T-shirt wearing young man took me back for my initial portion of my eye exam. Even though I stated out front 2-3 times what I was there for, and completed forms AGAIN, with full information on them, I was AGAIN asked for the 4th time the same darn questions over again. (Does no one read a patient's chart or forms any more???)  He took my blood pressure and twice incorrectly put the cuff on my arm.  The machine was malfunctioning and wouldn't quit inflating which was extremely painful and I begged him to take it off.  He continued to push buttons trying to get the machine to quit. Then put the cuff (on wrong again) on my forearm of my by then extremely inflammed arm. Again the machine mal functioned.  He put down a grossly inaccurate reading on my chart and I asked for it to be removed since obviously this machine did not work and I didn't want a abnormal reading on my permanent record.  The optomatrist... well, very indifferent and again, would not look at me or speak to me. Since my prescription had been chnaged by him (up and down, up and down) a few times, I voiced my dislike of the current prescription that I tried for a year.  I was met with less than favorable explaination as to why Ive been given so many different prescription strengths on my eyes the last few years. (I had recently had a full check up with an opthalmologist for a spot on my eye 1 1/2 mos prior to this appt., and he also felt I should not be given so many different prescriptions that weren't seemingly accurate for my visual complaints.) There certainly seemed to be no discount for this place, (many little fees that get added to your final product), so when I pick up my partial order of contacts in a week, along with my new glasses, I don't think I'll be coming back.  My only regret being that I just didn't take my prescription from them yesterday and fill my contact order, and glasses order somewhere else.  It's a shame, they used to have such helpful and cheerful staff.  I don't think I could have cracked a smile out of that group even if I'd come in with a car load of clowns and balloons!!!
3	We have two kids with glasses, as well as my husband and I. We have been using this particular location for just over one year (after 5 years at the Nationwide at Gilbert/202).  The staff at this location, although not as "put together" as our previous location, have been helpful; and have assisted us in coordinating insurance coverage through our carrier.  They do fine with the kids (one of mine is just 5 years old, no kindergarten yet), and have shown plenty of patience, which is important b/c eye exams for kids can take double-the-time due to their delay in answer questions/kids don't always understand what they are being asked to describe or explain.Good selection of frames and options for lenses.  Coordinates well with my insurance.Good location.
1	This is the worst place to try to get glasses, they won't deliver your glasses in the time frame they promise, your prescription won't be right and you won't get what you pay for, on top of that if you complain to the manager she will get loud and call you a liar in front of other customers. I wish I had never wasted my time going here, do yourself a huge favor and find somewhere else to get glasses or contacts from! I will be filing a complaint with my insurance company and the better business bureau
3	Its ok. The women at the desks seem to always be very busy. But the 2 different Optometrist that I've spoken to me have always been really nice. Also he pronounced my name correctly and even showed off some of his Spanish speaking skills. ImpressivePros: OptometristCons: Front Desk
