4	As everyone knows from my reviews of Soma in Town Square and the Soma Outlet in Allen, Texas, I was thrilled to see The District getting a Soma store, especially when many stores have closed in the District recently (and Soma closed in Fashion Show last year). I popped in today for the grand opening (free bra with $75 purchase fyi!) and toured the new store.  A sales associate greeted me warmly and helped me navigate the store.  It is so dazzling and bright!  She was so friendly.  The store is a tad smaller than Town Square (or maybe it just seems that way) because I did not see as much product (no workout clothes and limited clothing in general) but there are lots of sleepwear, tunics, shrugs, and cardigans for now.  The bra and panty selection is abundant.  I would recommend just checking it out for the novelty and great service.  Be sure to touch something in the cool nights collection - feels like a dream!
4	I came by to take advantage of the spend $75 and get a free bra deal. If you are into glittery whore-chatta crotchless crap you will not find it in this store. Everything here is tasteful and high quality with classic colors and made with the softest material. Especially the pjs, night gowns and sweatsuits. The saleswomen are super helpful and can border on obnoxious. However I do appreciate being fitted for a bra by someone who isn't scared to touch a big boob. Come here to get fitted ladies! Trust me.My free bra would have cost me $55 and it's so comfortable it feels like I'm not even wearing one. For that alone I will definitely be back for more and matching panties, too!
5	You know what I love?  Honest salespeople.There is TMI coming.  Fair warning.I came in Soma to find a good strapless bra.  Strapless bras are a pain no matter who you are, but in my case, I have some saaaaaaaad ladies that need a little, um, HELP from time to time (I've lost 150 pounds, so things aren't where they should be anymore, if you know what I mean).  Strapless bras are a tough find because most seem to lack the support and lift I need.  When I described my needs to the Soma sales associate, she showed me all the strapless offerings Soma has.  When I seemed less than thrilled with what there was, she gave me a personal suggestion of another retailer that offers what I was looking for.  Sure enough, this helped me to find exactly what I needed, even though it wasn't at Soma.Because of this, when I want a bra WITH straps, I will be heading right back to Soma.  Sure, they lost a sale that day because they didn't have what I needed, but the saleswoman's honesty and hospitality won me over as a longterm customer.  Yay for doing the right thing.
5	When looking for a good quality Bra in southern Nevada, I had a limited supply of stores available here that had stock in my size. 32 or 34 DDD. Last night I just happened into this quaint store "Soma Intimates" inside the District at Green Valley Ranch while waiting for my daughter to have dinner at Balboa's Pizza, and what a "FIND" this store is.I was greeted with a delightful young blond lady (and I am sorry I have forgotten your name) and immediately asked what my needs were. I didn't have to do anything but wait for her to arrive with what I needed, and some customer favorites to see if any of those would also be a good fit for me. Not only that, but each Bra was strap loosened for me, and adjusted to make sure it was a great fit. Now this is not the kind of treatment you get anywhere else that's for sure!!Their pricing was great as well, and they have some good specials going on. I only came in for one Bra, but left with their deal of two, and found some amazing thongs that don't leave any panty lines at all. The Bra is sooooo soft, the underwires are put together very well, and the Bra back doesn't dig in like many Bras. Very pleased with my purchases last night.Great store, service and quality under apparel for women!!
5	Excellent brand. I was introduced to soma two years ago and absolutely love it! The comfort their bras give is incomparable. I haven't tried their panties or sleepwear yet but I'm interested in their shape wear. VS doesn't have a patch on them in the comfort and support department. I do wear VS but that's because they have sexy styles. Price wise they are comparable. But I'd wear soma any day over VS.
