5	Dragon Ridge Country Club is located in MacDonald Highlands and is surrounded by some of the most beautiful homes in the valley. It is a private club, but with a bit of effort, I am sure anyone can enjoy a nice lunch on the golf course. I had the pleasure of dining there for a private luncheon, but decided to give myself the tour of the facility. We ate in the large dining room, where servers were dressed is white and always present. When I walked around, however, I noticed a smaller grille that looked out toward the driving range. There was a small bar in here as well, and some members were watching a baseball game on the plasmas located on either side of the bar. There was a gift shop, mostly golf attire and equipment, but also some fun girly bath bubbles and soaps. Another bar area was across from the great dining room, and the bartender told me that at night, they open the big glass panels to reveal a porch that looks out to the course. He also gave me a great chocolate martini on the house (thanks, wink &#61514;) I continued my self-guided tour downstairs which led to the locker rooms. The lockers had engraved names of members (pretty swanky) and all sorts of toiletries. I spritzed a bit of perfume and continued on.  There was a game room, a gym, another set of showers specifically for the gym, and a pool. The pool was my favorite. It had an amazing waterfall which wasn't on, but still gorgeous, a kiddie pool, and a snack bar. There were some kids hanging out around the pool eating cheeseburgers and hot dogs, and they told me they come skateboard down from there homes for the snack bar food. I would too, that is, if I knew how to skateboard. So I made my way back up to the dining room where everyone was finishing lunch, and we relocated to the bar where I received my first martini. Dragon Ridge Country Club, while indeed exclusive, is the perfect place for something like a graduation party, meeting, or reception. It is comfortable and classy, and located on the Dragon Ridge Gold Course, which I will save for a later review!Recommended drink: My chocolate martini made a lasting impression Recommended lounge area: The bar which overlooks the gold course, not the driving range...
5	Absolutely beautiful. Quiet, serene (that's the same as quiet, isn't it?), and green. Hard to believe there's a large area of grass/trees in the heart of Henderson, Nevada. The country club is pretty, especially the main ball room where you have a beautiful view of the golf course and houses. You can also see the Las Vegas strip from there during the night which is gorgeous. The architecture is modern, classy and comfortable. I'm not an expert of country clubs but this one, I rank it up there.
4	We recently held out Graduation banquet at the Dragonridge country club.  Kerry, the pretty event organizer, was SUPER helpful.  She is also very anal retentive, so she makes sure that all the details are taken care of and covered.  Exactly what you would want from an event planner.  She was also very nice about working with our budget to make it the nicest event possible.  She worked with our caterer to make the food arrangements nicer as well.  The room was very pretty, and designed in shades of champagne, and warm tans.  There were pretty chandeliers, and the two balconies outside had a beautiful view of the sunset and then the strip.  It was very pretty and classy.  We heard from many people that the banquet this year was much nicer than the previous year's, and I'm sure that Kerry and Dragonridge had a hand in that.
5	Another  5 Star golf course in my book.....if you get a chance to play Dragon Ridge, make sure you take your time and enjoy everything this course has to offer.The course is tucked atop the most exclusive area of McDonald's Ranch in Henderson.  The golf course is very challenging and the elevations and valleys will fool your eyes into believing the distances are not what they appear to be.  Despite it's tough layout, it's a very fun course.  The views of the Las Vegas Valley are amazing!The greens are very fast on this course, so bring your A-Game and make sure you hit the practice green before you step up to the 1st Tee!  If you play this course during the Summer, make sure you buy some water to bring with you during the round, because it gets really hot!  I'm accustomed to playing in the desert and normally don't have any issues with playing in 100+ degree heat, but this course for some reason must have a magnifying glass hovering above it.....it was a scorcher!The food in the clubhouse is very good.....what you would expect for an exclusive private golf club.Will I return?  The next opportunity I get!
5	Do whatever you have to do to get an invite to this fabulous golf course.  I live here and occasionally get an invite and if it wasn't for the fact there are so many valley courses, I would say this is a place to join if your into Country Clubs. Next time, I will move up a set of tees. Hats off to the maintenance staff. Hope the members give them the credit they deserve.
4	The first time I came here was for my cousin's wedding back in Nov 2010 and the second time was just recently, Jul 2nd, for my sister's wedding and both times were delightful. This club is located in the prestigious Henderson, Macdonald Highlands community.  To get to the club you have to drive past a guard which makes it nicely secured.  The banquet room had plenty of space and has a balcony with a view of the Las Vegas Strip.  The scenery is mesmeric.  It's got a nice layout once decorated for an event.  The only downfall is the space for the cocktail hour, it's a bit small and not convenient for a large amount of guests.  It was way too hot to be outside so people were crammed in there. About the food:  My cousin's plated dinner meal choices were Steak or Chicken.  Of course, I chose steak...it was savory and juicy!  My sister's choices were among Prime Rib, Salmon, and a Vegetarian Plate.  I heard the salmon was tasty so I skeptically ordered that instead of my usual choice of eating meat.  My plate arrived and it had a nice presentation and it was pretty good but I wish I had the prime rib cause I was picking off my cousin and my sister's plate (I love my meat).  The h'ordeurves were amazing and is tray passed by a waiter which puts a nice touch to it.
4	Dragon Ridge Country Club is located in MacDonald Highlands and is surrounded by some of the most beautiful homes in the valley. It is a private club, but certain hotel guests or booking through a golf package company will get you on.  I didn't find the clubhouse very impressive and although the homes are gorgeous, for me they overtake or are too much for the golf course itself.Some really gorgeous holes and some bland holes as well. Immaculately kept and certainly a fair test of golf has this place on a play list if you have never been.  Once you have played it I would not put it on the OH I have to play this one again. Its one of those really good courses that don't awe you.  People were very nice and it wasn't crowded though a dust storm from Arizona clogged the air which made the expected views of downtown Vegas non existent we still had  nice time.   Greens were fast but not lightning.    No complaints just not spectacular enough to earn the 5 Star GOLF COURSE Rating for me.
5	Best Golf course in Las Vegas, Beautiful views, challenging holes, lots of elevation changes.
4	Great views and a course in great condition.  Doesn't have bermuda grass so is totally green in the winter.   Greens are fast but not to fast.  This is another desert style course but the large landing areas for your drive keep the ball out of the desert.  Good course, but I personally like courses that have some trees.  No trees here.
4	Played golf here on a Wed as part of a stroke play tournament. I was so excited to play b/c I've heard good things. I ended up enjoying my entire experience here. This course is beautiful and well manicured. From tee to green, this course is close to flawless. The greens aren't that fast, but can sneak up on you at times. As for lay-out, there are some quirky weird holes like #10, but all in all it's a fun lay-out. The desert rocks can be challenging to hit out of and damaging to your clubs if you are inaccurate with shots. As for practice amenities, there is a large grass range and large putting green. Not sure if there was a chipping practice area or not. Staff is super friendly and attentive. The carts have GPS and an ice chest to keep things cool in the hot summer heat. All in all, it is truly a country club experience. I would love to play here again!
5	Probably the most stunning and challenging course I have ever played (and I am a member at a Jack Nicklaus designed course  in canada). I shot off the cobalt tees (6400 ish yards) and thoroughly enjoyed my round.I was a little surprised they didn't have the equivalent of a Vegas showgirl driving the drink cart, but that's a pretty minor caveat in the grand scheme if things.The tee shots were the most difficult, because there are a couple of blind shots and often you are hitting over vast expanses before you even hit fairway.My short game was terrible so I also got to experience plenty of their sand, it was consistently hard, but at least it was consistent so you knew what you were getting into.Overall I have to give this course 5 stars because it is the best I have ever played.
2	Writing this review in regards to the service provided by the personnel in charge of wedding preparations. I was the matron of honor in my sister's wedding and while the panoramic views from the Grand Ballroom and the final set up for her wedding were absolutely stunning, we experienced quite a few head aches the day of.  My sister and her hubby had hired a wedding coordinator to assist with their planning. Apparently the country club had gone under new management and the couple had been given a new wedding coordinator and informed of these changes THREE WEEKS before the wedding. While Millie (the new coordinator) was quite friendly and pleasant in nature, I have never been more frustrated in my life trying to make sure my sister's day was picture perfect.The rehearsal was the day before and while there was another wedding scheduled for that day, I understood why we weren't able to do a quick rundown of our entire processional from where we would start the day of. So we start the rehearsal and we are told where we would walk from and how we would proceed down this imaginary aisle. Great. I'm very particular when it comes to detail so I ask Millie when each couple would proceed after the other and she replies with "I will tell you when to go". That's fine. I also ask her where the ladies would stand and how far apart from each other in conjunction with how the groomsmen would be standing, no answer. The rehearsal was quick which was fine but she was so uninformative which drove me bonkers but I'll roll with it. My sister's DJ shows up and asks for her wedding program and her reply was, "Millie was supposed to email it to you. You haven't received It yet?" His answer, "No not yet". RED FLAG. After the rehearsal dinner and all my sister is on the phone at 8PM with her DJ FINALLY going over the program and the songs. Well... at least he finally got the email from her.  DAY OF the wedding was hectic enough. From what I was told, the candy table that we were told WOULD BE set up was NOT set up and luckily for us, some girlfriends had arrived early and were able to throw it all together quickly. The coordinator had us drop off favors and what not the night before and told us everything would be set up. WRONG. And someone please explain to me why they were still putting the wedding arch together 15 minutes BEFORE the guests were scheduled to start arriving?  And hearing this from several guests, the microphone that the officiant was supposed to use during the ceremony was already NOT WORKING. We also had to ASK for the cheese plate that was supposed to be ready in her bridal room which we received about 5 mins before we had to make that walk down the aisle. Anyways, fast forward to ceremony.We march. We are about to begin the ceremony but the microphone still isn't working. Tap tap. Nothing. I look up and the DJ looks as lost as ever trying to figure out his equipment (Bliss Entertainment  Las Vegas) who by the way is NOT the same DJ from the night before. The officiant decides she will proceed anyway and use her best loud voice. I look for the wedding coordinator and see her texting like crazy on her phone. I pray to God she is texting for a new mic but apprantely she wasn't because MY HUSBAND (who is playing the role of usher in the wedding) is the one to go towards the DJ and try to get the mic working WHICH HE ACCOMPLISHES. The coordinator is apparently fine with the mic not working because she is still texting away. We start the ceremony over. It ends. Everyone is told to head to cocktail hour which is WRONG because it was requested that family stay to take pictures with the bride and groom. So we spend half an hour trying to rangle everyone up. UGH. We waste MORE time.So there are a few instances where we cannot find Millie, the coordinator at all. Whatever, we take care of the things we can take care of which is fine. But if you pay the extra to have a coordinator THE DAY OF the wedding and she has an assistant, everything should run smoothly right?Quick rundown of everything that went wrong:-Terrible rehearsal. Whatever. We made it work.-Didn't have starving Bride's cheese plate ready in room and it didn't come until minutes before we had to leave.-Didn't send the DJ the wedding program in a timely manner, which she was supposed to do.-Failed to have the candy table set up DAY OF the wedding.-Didn't tell the Bride or Groom the vases for unity sand were missing until hours before wedding.-Didn't make an effort to make sure the mic was working during ceremony. Was texting only God knows who.-Didn't relay information properly causing family members to waste time during picture taking and cocktail hour.There were a few minor things that were said that were going to be done but, I ended up doing them myself like grabbing the vases for the bridal party's flowers. Luckily another bridesmaid had words with Millie. I was too furious!
5	When in Las Vegas, the last place I expect to be is at a country club. But, here I was, and this is my review. Let it begin. I actually came here for a non-Elvis type of Las Vegas wedding and was pleasantly surprised to find a place of class and sophistication outside of the strip. The banquet room was honestly quite lovely with ornate decorations and a perfect view of Sin City. Dining and dancing with the Las Vegas strip flickering back up at you is a perk for all your guests and an ideal backdrop for any and all pictures.The ladies room is a bit small, which for all women out there who know and understand the annoyance of primping with 7 other ladies in the mirror, can be quite frustrating. There is a gateman before entering the grounds, and I deeply appreciate the "Wedding" directional signs the club put in place to ensure we arrived in the correct building. Every server, bartender, gateman and security guard I encountered had the utmost professionalism and made the entire experience quite enjoyable. Overall tasteful wedding thanks to the tasteful tastes of Dragon Ridge. Thank you for an unforgettable setting for an unforgettable night.
