3	I've lived on Holyrood Road for over 2 years now, and it still never seems to get any better of livelier. At one point, we had a small (but successful) supermarket but was, sadly, short-lived. Yeah there are two nice sandwich shops and a nice coffee shop. But that's it. That's where the liveliness ends. It drives me crazy that I have to get in the car for a pint of milk, and the nearest supermarket is about 10mins away by car. The area has so much potential and it drives me crazy to think that it's just sitting there doing nothing! Whenever I see a tourist here I lingure a bit to see if they need directions - they must be lost. It is next door to the Parliament, the Palace, Dynamic Earth and has great views of the Craggs and Arthurs Seat....yet it has nothing special about it. I wish it had a bit more life! It's a famous road so it should have something more to offer than a couple coffee shops and a seedy housing estate!
4	It's hard not to be bowled over by the sweeping Crags of the Holyrood area, and the immenseness of Arthur's Seat at the centre of Holyrood Park. I've been running here a few times, and on one occasion there was this amazing fog and mist hanging over the large expanse of water on the route round Arthur's Seat, and the whole area just felt absolutely haunting and amazing. I do feel we're really lucky in Edinburgh to have places of such natural beauty, so close and accessible from the centre of town. The Holyrood area also encompasses The Scottish Parliament, exhibition centre Dynamic Earth, and Holyrood Palace. I'm a little bit ashamed to say I've never been to Holyrood Palace, or maybe I did go on one of those school trips I can't remember, but it's one of those scenarios where I always say I will go, but when something's on your doorstep, you put it off. However, I definitely have been to The Scottish Parliament, worth a look so you can form an opinion, if you wish, on the controversial expense of the architecture, but I more enjoyed peering into the Debating Chamber and chilling there for a while.
4	Just a few minutes from the city centre, accidentally walking into the Holyrood area can often seem a bit odd as it will quite literally feel as if you've arrived in the middle of nowhere.That's not a criticism. The looming presence of Arthur's Seat is very impressive, and there are few city centres in the world graced with rugged natural beauty on the doorstep.In terms of actual civilisation, there's the hapless parliament, and tourist attractions such as Dynamic Earth and unsurprisingly, Holyrood Palace. The past few years have also seen a few moderately high-profile companies open up offices in the area, yet in some ways it still feels a bit underdeveloped.I quite like it this way though, one of the more peaceful locations within easy reach of the city centre.
4	Holyrood is unmissable.  If you missed it during your time in Edinburgh then you were either walking around with your eyes closed or in Glasgow.It's well worth a visit, but unless you know where you are going it can be a little tricky to navigate through.  I do, however, fortunately have some tips on getting the best out of a visit to Holyrood.My advice is to start near Holyrood Palace where there is a car park.  Then head either up Sailsbury Crag or head left and up towards the old chapel (St Anthony's) just above the loch.  Here you will find great views from St Anthony's and then from here you can head up and left and you will see Arthur's Seat.  The climb from here isn't too demanding and you should soon be at the top appreciating the view.
5	I can't believe I almost passed this up. I thought to myself, I've seen Edinburgh Castle. You've seen one castle... you've seen them all! NOT TRUE.The most interesting part of this castle, was to see how England, Scotland and even America, are all interconnected so deeply. How one country's triumph was another country's failure. All a matter of perspective I suppose. And to think many turning points in Scotland and England's history and current state affairs came/come to fruition where I walked this past August. Though its no Versailles, or not even a Hearst Castle, Holyrood has its own charms.The audio-guides were helpful in painting a picture of what the original purpose of the room was and how they are utilized today. I'm a history person, so I love learning about how things were back when kings and queens weren't simply heads of state. I do wish I was able to take pictures. If I had more time, I would have liked to climb Arthur's Seat, which isn't to far from the Holyrood gates.Holyrood has to be one of the top 5 things to see when visiting Edinburgh. It also doesn't take a lot of time to tour either, maybe 1-2 hours tops, so there really is no reason to miss this gem.
