1	San Fran based boutique hotel chain.  Kinda an oxymoron.  Their decor theme is an outrageously bright desert sunset which turned out to be the ugliest decor imagineable.  I think their flamboyant designer needs to lay off the acid trips before designing their next chain link.  Not an ounce of charm.
5	I stayed at this hotel the same time I would guess as T G. I understand if you know the chain and hate the colors why you might not like it but I found the rooms clean and beds comfortable. What gets the Full star rating is the service provided. The valets always asked if I needed directions or ideas for activities. Every day Jordan greeted us at desk by name and Insured we were prepared with ideas for the day. Every person working the desk said hello and made eye contact as soon as the front door opened. The whiskey bar was great. Flights of whiskey to try, specialty drinks, duck fat fries all great. Bartender John was very happy to talk anyone sitting at the bar through how he was mixing very involved drinks. All the waitstaff and bartenders there took just enough time with the patrons so no one was ignored. Because rooms were still needing some finishing touches breakfast was free everyday. Again charm was found all through the hotel if you looked at the hard working staff who took time to insure our stay was memorable.
3	I suppose that I was a bit harsh in rating the Saguaro based solely on the decor and lack of warmth.  Therefore, I've updated my rating to reflect the warmth of the employeees who were very attentive and pleasant.  I also want to distinguish that this review is not a reflection on the separately-owned Whiskey Bar which was a solid 5 for 5.
5	Amazing service, hip yet not trying too hard vibe, color everywhere!  Actually loved that there was color throughout hotel as I did not realize how beige the desert really was until I got to sit in The Saguaro lobby.  Gotta be sure you dine at Distrito once open (which is tomorrow).  Had a ton of fun here!
4	So this was the old Mondrian Hotel. While you can tell the place is on the older side, it's very well kept and has that modern- retro mid century vibe going on. Good location, right in Old Town and the staff seemed friendly enough, while I didn't like that there is no public or visitor parking. You have no choice, you have to Valet- it costs 5 bucks. I suggest parking in one of the parking lots right outside of the complex if you don't want to valet your car. My friend paid about 100 bucks for the room, which I thought was very fair. I also passed a lovely area by the pool with a hammock, I am tempted to sneak in and send a couple hours there with a good book and umbrella drink!
3	We stayed for three nights while visiting family for the holidays.Good:Very comfortable bedCleanFunky/cool decor which is uniqueVery friendly and helpful staffFair priceGreat locationNot so good:Pricey overnight parking that was a surprise upon check inNo coffee maker in room; this is pretty well standard for most hotels. We had to either go to the lobby for $4.50 per cup or drive off site. On our final morning before leaving (2 1/2 hours before checkout) with our do not disturb sign duly mounted on the outside of our door, we were disturbed by a rap-rap-rap-rap of who I assume was the cleaner. WTF!
4	I like the remodeled public areas.  The colors are bright and fun.  Distrito is a fantastic restaurant.
2	Super friendly staff, but they are unable or incapable of solving problems. I asked for coffee pot to be sent up (so that I could make tea in the morning), was told no problem they would send it up in the morning at 7:15 and received an empty carafe at 6:45 in the morning. That is not when nor how I wanted to wake up. Fire alarm went off at least five time during my three night trip. The sheets smelled moldy. The cleaning staff did not heed the DND sign and still knocked on the door very early in the morning. The bell hop doesn't carry your bags to your room. The hotel music is extremely loud by the pool and lobby areas at all hours. The air conditioner/heater is disturbingly loud.A fellow coworker of mine received an unrequested early morning wake up call, and had his luggage and toiletries moved around. Another coworker was given a room with no mirrors (not even in the bathroom).
4	Unique hotel.  Valet parking attendants very friendly and helpful.  Did carry our bags to the room.  The room was comfortable.  My boyfriend did not like the bathroom door.  Did not shut all the way, which did not provide enough privacy/sound proof for him. ;-)I wish the room had had a coffee maker.   When we went down to get coffee on sunday morning they were understaffed and overwhelmed with people. I would stay here again though.
4	Colorful place right In old town!
4	I haven't stayed here yet, but attended the grand opening... so my review is based on that experience. Which, was phenomenal! We had a blast. Service, food, drinks... all were amazing. The lobby, bar and patio are way cool. After I stay there, I'll post another review. Definitely recommend for drinks/happy hour.
1	Trying way too hard on aesthetics and not trying hard enough to book people in UN-occupied rooms. A terrible experience handled terribly, with terrible follow-up earns this hotel an unapologetic, terrible review. If you have five minutes, read on to enjoy a laugh at my expense because this was a nightmare stay.Three colleagues and I booked here for a Valentine's Day business trip. I arrived later than they did, so after a late dinner, I had to find my room at 12:30 a.m. The property layout and room numbering is tricky and no map is provided (Tip: If you dare stay, 1305 = bldg 1, 3rd flr). I didn't have the hotel phone #, so after wandering in the dark, feeling unsafe, I finally called my colleague to dial the front desk to guide me. The hotel actually sent security to find me, which was nice, but the only compliment I'll be able to provide from here forward. What ensued after was the worst hotel experience I have ever had. Ever.1. A man in a black hoodie appears out of the darkness to help me find my room (Not an ideal uniform choice).2. Security escorts me to hallway, leaves.3. Key doesn't work.4. Call colleague, to call front desk, to send security back.5. Security returns and lets me into ... 6. A room with someone sleeping in it. I'll just pause to let that sink in.Initially, security's key doesn't work either and he comments that it's "as if the privacy lock is engaged," so he uses the master key to open the door ... and send the woman who is asleep in her bed into a terrified state of confusion and panic as strangers appear in her bedroom. Oops.Security backs out, with no apology or explanation to her, and shuts the door. I'm stunned.7. Security tells front desk via walkie talkie that the room is occupied.8. A sheepish "Oh" comes back after the situation is explained several times. Then, we're given a new room number to try. (Try?)9. We head to the next room for our 2nd awkward break-in. Yes, 2nd. This time, the latch lock keeps the door from fully opening, but it's clearly occupied.10. Security, mortified, yells at walkie talkie man for sending us to occupied rooms. We get a lame, non-confidence-inducing "system went down for 3 hrs" excuse and are sent to the next option.11. Security goes into that room, but comes back saying it's inappropriate. He tries to quietly report this via walkie talkie, but the front desk isn't getting it, so he finally has to admit: "It has trash and, um, well, toilet issues." Nice. 12. Talkie squawks to try another. 13. We get to that door and now I'm hanging back as the doors open, but even I can readily see the air conditioner looks like it was sold for parts.14. Security reports that it's "out of order." He's mortified and apologizing. It's not his fault, but it doesn't help. We walk halls and ride elevators, me lugging my luggage, in an awkward mutual acknowledgement that whatever room we find is definitely costing me nothing.Finally: An unoccupied suite. Amazing! Security disappears to check it out ... and is gone for quite a while. I'm wondering why, but then he emerges and says he thinks it's ok. (Thinks?)I nervously enter and find this is actually a really great room. Big living room, two bathrooms, nice bedroom.. Every light is on so I can see it's clean. The tv is on, too. Really loud. That seems unnecessary since it's pushing 1:00 a.m., but I'm grateful to have an unoccupied room, so I say bye. (Don't get excited ... there's more ...)15. Security asks if I want the key now or in the morning. I say now, so he says he'll get it and put it on the table. I say ok, but after he leaves I realize that's weird ...because it means that he's just going to use his key to come in ... while I'm sleeping. Flashes of the terrified woman from our first break in flood back. Oh heck no! I turn off the blaring tv and sit in the bedroom to listen for his return.16. And, with tv off, that's when I realize there is a dance party happening downstairs. People laughing, yelling, music. (#FML)17. I hear security return and drop the key on the table by the suite's front door. I go lock up and do the mature thing---barricade the door with suitcases. (I'm bleary-eyed and  paranoid at this point and, despite the noise, going to crash in .05 seconds).18. Morning comes and I meet my colleagues for breakfast. One has had no sleep because she was terrified that someone tried to break into her room. (She was rm #2, and now I'm wishing I had known so I could have just taken over her sofa!). The only guy in our group lets us know that even men who wear pink shirts do not want to sleep in magenta rooms. Our other colleague is just listening intently while eating her oatmeal ... until she bites into a raw onion.Sigh.The hotel did comp my room, but unbelievably, sent a snarky email after we checked out, complaining about my colleague's room charges. I think our bar tab got charged to the comped room. Really? A few drinks was the least this hotel could do.
5	Nothing but a 5 star resort experience at very affordable prices. I'm shocked reading some of the previous reviews because I have absolutely no complaints, aside from thin walls that allow evening noise in. That's what earplugs are for people.This hotel re-opened in November of 2011 owned by the Joie de Vivre hotel chain and is an absolutely beautiful boutique style hotel. We were so impressed with it that we decided to cancel our previous Saturday plans and hang out poolside all day. Great choice!! The larger of the pool areas is a resort-like experience with both food and drink servers that come to you on your queen size lounging beds or in your covered cabana while you watch the flat screen TV and enjoy the fireplace (it's still "winter"). The staff and servers and very attentive and always around when you need something. And if that's not cool enough, their poolside food comes from one of their two in-house restaurants Distrito, which is a highly-rated tapas style restaurant run by Chef Jose Garces!! Put it this way...the food is spectacular and their drink menu is just as impressive.As for the aesthetics of the hotel, if you're not into a 70's hipster style atmosphere with bright colors and bold artwork then this place is not for you. But I find this type of architecture and art to be quite mood altering. The lobby of the hotel is absolutely beautiful and leads to the entrance to Distrito and their other restaurant on-site Old Town Whiskey, which is also highly rated. The rooms are just as modern and colorful with an amazingly comfortable bed!! Like I said previously, bring earplugs. It is an older hotel so the walls are a bit thin.  The grounds of the hotel are quite spread out so figure out the numbering system or you may get lost. However if you do get lost you may end up in the yoga circle next to their hammock garden...not too bad!If you,re not into hanging out at the hotel all day then you won't have a lack of things to do. The hotel is located right in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale, so walk a block in any direction and you'll be somewhere cool! Lots of restaurants and shopping opportunities! And if you're there on a Saturday make sure to check out Old Town's farmers market. Probably the largest and best one I've ever experienced. And more than likely there will be some type of festival going on in the park adjacent to the Scottsdale Civic Center which is just behind the hotel. LOTS to do in a beautiful location.I think I'm in love!Know before you go: The hotel parking is not run by the hotel but an outside company and they charge $14 a day. If you're not wanting to pay, there is a parking garage in between the hotel and Old Town and it's free.
3	It was nice. The staff was friendly and I liked the bright colors around the property. You can tell it is an older hotel that's been redone, but I think it looks great. Parking is $14 per night (whether you use the valet or not, which is kind of lame). Location of the hotel is great. You're right next to the old town Scottsdale area. There are two pools and a nice work our facility. As for the noise level, it is loud on Friday and Saturday night. You will hear all kinds of hangovers-in-the-makings. All the staff members are young and easy on the eyes and speak with super trendy catch phrases like "rock and roll," "right on," and "bro." I think they all might be genetically engineered super humans with perfect hair and Raybans.
4	My husband and I have concluded that this hotel is a great get-a-way "in town" establishment for us. We liked the attentive service from the polite young hipsters that work for this hotel; everyone from the valets to the "check-in" person to the food servers in the restaurant were striving for the best in our humble opinions. It was nice to have our names remembered as we made our way around the property during the weekend. We give the service 5 stars!The rooms were the "low point" of the trip; although we liked the funky color and decor for the most part, I agree with a comment one reviewer mentioned regarding the bathroom door that did not shut all of the way. It seems like a minor complaint, but it does make difference on the dual counts of privacy and "sound barrier," as previously mentioned. We give the room 3 stars!The food was great; we ate in the bar for late night snacks (possibly the best oysters I've ever had, so fresh) and for breakfast (the homemade sausage patties ROCKED). Again with the flawless service. We were delighted by the fun small talk we made with friendly bartenders before going out for our night on the town. In retrospect, we should have just hung out in the bar at the hotel all night. We give the food and bar 4 stars!Overall, our experience was a solid 4 stars! We will definitely back back, and we wish the new owners and management all the best.
5	Fabulous Spring Training/ St. Patrick's Day/ Birthday weekend! I personally loved everything about this hotel. The location is unbeatable - walking distance from everything you can imagine doing in Scottsdale. I loved the colors and decor. My boyfriend asked for an upgrade since it was my birthday and they really went above and beyond to make me feel special. Not only did they upgrade us to a beautiful, spacious suite, they also comped our drinks and apps and gave me flowers and a card! I honestly was extremely impressed with their customer service. I am a Spring Training junkie and will definitely go back every year and stay at The Saguaro!
4	Funky, bright and enthusiastic.Rounding up to 4 for the room's location.  The property is small, compared with other resorts.  It seemed to give the staff a more intimate approach to their jobs.  Two nice pools, tho the Sunday we were there the populace was a combination of young men and older women -- not necessarily together, though the older women's consumption of champagne might have made it so.The rooms are well appointed and retro-modern, bathrooms ample.  Best of all, quiet.The nicest touch I've seen in a while: the rooms feature Arizona magazines from the 50s and 60s, revisiting the swank history of the region.  Bravo.Would return and refer.
3	Great location, very nice pools, decent rooms, poor customer service.  I recently stayed at The Saguaro on a Saturday night while attending the Culinary Festival. It was the perfect location and with the recent deal I purchased on Deal Chicken it was priced just right at $99 plus tax. It also included a bottle of wine (about a $12 value). That being said, I would be sick to my stomach had I paid full price ($250) for our room. We really enjoyed the two pools. They were very clean, well maintained, and nicely decorated. There were some issues though too. We found it strange that the pool girls would come by when you are not in your chair and actually take the towel away. Why? I just went into the pool! I'm gonna need that towel! Speaking of the pool towels, they were so tiny! More like small shower towels. They need to improve them. Also, the beer selection at the pool bar was kind of weak.The rooms seemed cool upon entering the hotel, but upon closer inspection you can see how they cut some corners and did a shoddy job on some things. For example, the paint jobs were poor, the bathroom needs a makeover, and the bed frame was terrible! The bed itself was very comfortable, but every time you got out of bed it was so loud, waking up the person next to you. The most annoying part of the room was that the bathroom door wouldn't close all of the way, limiting your privacy. Also, what's with the blue window on the bathroom door too? This hotel seems to want it to be as unpleasant as possible when using the toilet.Lastly, the service was pretty bad. I will say the valet guys were very courteous and prompt. I liked them. No problems there. The front desk is where I took issue. Over the two days spent at The Saguaro we had three issues with them and every time they were unapologetic. That's a lot considering I feel we are an easy going couple who don't expect too much. I could get into specifics, but this review is already too long. It really is amazing how far a simple "Sorry for the inconvenience," would go, but as my girlfriend put it, "'Sorry' is not in this hotel's vocabulary." Also, it is really weird and inconvenient that a resort would not have a small shop to buy some vitals, like headache medicine, drinks, snacks, or toiletries.One nice plus, the late check out was for 2pm. That's the latest late check out I've ever had. Overall, I'd only stay at this hotel again if they offered another $99/night special. Otherwise, no chance.
5	I've seen ads for the Saguaro and was excited to see what all the hype was about.  This hotel probably isn't the best if you have kids that need peace and quiet.  Don't get me wrong...it's nice, but the party/fun vibe is quite apparent.  Some of these negative reviews on Yelp are shocking.  Luckily for me, my experience here was quite pleasant.Check in was super easy and fast.  The lobby is really cute with a cool bar in the back.  If you're hungry, there's Distrito which is a really great restaurant located inside the hotel.  The guest rooms are on the other side of the property, so you're going to have to walk (maybe further than you're used to) to your room with your bags.  Upon getting to our room, we discovered our key cards didn't work on the door so we had to walk all the way back to the front desk to redo our keys.  A bit of a hassle, but hey, these things happen.  Upon entering our room, we were pleasantly surprised.  It was comfortable, and everything looked nice and updated.  Flat screen, clock radio with iPod dock, nice toiletries, and cute modern bathroom.  I wasn't expecting all the updated amenities seeing how the buildings looked a bit older.The pool was nice, complete with padded lounge chairs and a convenient poolside bar.  I was able to peek into the fitness center and it's really big with brand new super nice equipment.  I think it rivals some of the best hotel gyms I've seen.For what it is, The Saguaro doesn't disappoint.  It's a casual hotel with some elegant touches.  If you're used to staying at B&B's or lavish resorts, I'd suggest sticking to what you know.   If you want something cool and different, check out the Saguaro!
4	I couldn't find anything bad to say about this place. The valets, front desk, restaurant staff were remarkable. So friendly and seemed to really wanted to ensure we had a nice stay. My boyfriend and I travel a lot of work and fun, so we're used to staying at some nice hotels, but after this experience, I'm considering upper moderate boutique hotels as an option moving forward. The gym had huge open floor to ceiling doors that opened up to the pool. It was so peaceful to workout in the am. Only bummer 2 out of 3 treadmills were out of order and my boyfriend who is training for a half marathon couldn't get on. The Distrito, a mex/latin restaurant in the hotel, was fantastic our first night. The menu was a little different but delicious, no waiting. Bummer though, we attended a food festival that had a VIP event catered, mexican food again, then at night, we wanted room service - and again mexican food was our only choice. Wish there were more options. We did get chinese delivery which made us happy. Overall, I would definitely recommend a stay. Trendy decor, rooms are neat and clean, nice soaps, and great service. Wish we could have stayed longer to enjoy the pool.
3	got a deal on readercity for 99- a nite for the saguaro.  unless i got that deal again, i won't be back.modern eclectic rooms and buildings.  friendly front desk people.  nice pools.  rude, rowdy, and generally obnoxious guests.now i know it's not the hotels fault for putting guests in an unoccupied room right next door to another occupied room, but perhaps they should have their insulation in the walls checked out.  at 2:15am i woke up thinking there were 4 more people in our room!  the neighbors were SO LOUD i heard every word, every tinkle of pee in their toilet, and every slam of their door!  after a call to the front desk and security telling them to shut the eff up, they finally did, about 30 minutes later.a new room and a new day later, i was a happy camper.  except i left my phone charger in the old room.  a really long story short, i was assured (by multiple people) that the room had been searched (the damn charger was behind the bed people!) and no charger could be located.  after much more drama a charger was given to me from the magic basket of phone chargers that other people had left behind.  a phone call to my cell at 2:35pm informed me that my charger had been located in my old room!  *forehead slap*fun party atmosphere at the pool.  nice pool and lounging area.  saw the gym and waved.  great location.  friendly and for the most part, helpful front desk peeps.14- to park a car?  boo!  the whole phone charger fiasco?  boo!
4	First: the actual hotel.The hotel is good, inexpensive, has many services and some wonderful food (Iron Chef Garces is the head chef). It's rooms a funky and cool, brightly colored, with an old film camera on display in each room. The facilities are decent, with an awesome set of pools too cool off in, one with a tall waterfall. The hammock zen-spot was a great place to work on my iPad and take a nap. It's located in Old Town Scottsdale which is like a movie set, but small and not open that late.Overall I'd give it 3 stars -- it's certainly not ritzy, nor is it in an amazing location, and the internet is pretty weak, however, the staff is amazing and single-handedly earns another star for this review.The staff is very young. It seems like they intentionally hire young and attractive, both genders. Young as they may be, customer service is obviously their focus. I didn't have a negative experience -- from the maid that let me into my room when my card didn't work (she checked ID and room roster first; professional) to the bartenders at our 64-person business dinner, they all treated us like VIPs. Some I got to know by name during my short stay. Hilary the bartender at the Distrito restaurant downstairs took back a drink that my coworker didn't like and offered to go to the kitchen to get some Serrano peppers when we asked for custom drinks during happy hour. Cory and Barney worked the front doors and valet and would look up activities for us on our day off or run up the stairs in the morning to open the door for us. Lexi (the Enforcer) and Whitney apparently don't sleep at all -- they're there setting up our breakfast in the morning and cleaning up after our late dinner and drinks at night, all the while looking fresh and being attentive. Even the new girl at the front desk, Leah was on top of our every need.
4	Located in Old Town Scottsdale The Saguaro is great option if you are looking for a hip place to stay without paying an arm and a leg. Overall I was pleased with my room. The beds were comfortable, I loved that we could rock out to our own playlists with the IPOD radio, and there was a nice flat screen tv for our viewing pleasure. I'm picky about the products I use and was satisfied with the toiletries in the bathroom. There was shampoo, conditioner, body wash, a face bar, and lotion. All products were paraben free. My only complaint is that the bathroom door is like a sliding door and it doesn't close all the way. Luckily everyone was kind enough to warn each other before going number 2!This is a party hotel and people are going to party all hours of the night so if you are looking for a relaxing place to stay without the riff raff you should probably stay somewhere else.If you're looking to stay and play in Old Town Scottsdale this is a good choice. You'll be too busy to sweat  the small stuff.
3	My overnight stay was super brief. I basically checked in, left for several hours and came back just to sleep. I can say that when I checked in I was impressed by the modern twist on the Mexican decor. I loved the bright color and the over all interior of the lobby; it was all very fun. The staff was also very friendly and welcoming. My room was nice and comfortable, and the decor was also what I call Modern-Mexican. The toiletry selection was nice and paraben free! I did notice that the bathroom door didn't close all the way (it was a sliding door), but since I was alone it was no biggy. I'm not sure if I would feel the same way if I was sharing the room though.I didn't get to check out the pool area, or the fitness center (if there is one), or the rest of the property because my visit was so quick! I gathered that this is a party hotel. I had a view to the pool area and it was poppin! This place seems good for a young fun loving crowd!
5	We arrived in Scottsdale EXHAUSTED, and on very short fuses. The Saguaro saved us- with its whiskey bar, comfortable bed, terrific bath products, friendly staff and delicious breakfast. It was the best "free breakfast with stay" I've ever stumbled accross.There wasn't a single false step. The decor is resourceful, bold, fun and creative. I appreciated the decor risks- they could have gone very wrong- but it just all came together. I was so happy to have a shady spot to self-park. The walkability is a plus. I wished I had a bathing suit for the pools. I was impressed with every single staff interaction- especially with the ladies at front desk. It was a real bargain at the price.
4	Fun, bright hotel with a great staff.Got a deal for the Saguaro on Sniqueaway and decided to have a staycation with the hubby. Everyone was so nice, from the front desk to the valet to the pool bartender.Pool area was rockin'  but not too crazy. Good DJ, good (but pricey) drinks. I love all the bright colors in the pool area.Our room was tiny but thoughtfully decorated. We loved the little pieces of Arizona history throughout our room. Bathroom was cramped and I wasn't too crazy about the sliding door. I didn't feel like I really had privacy. And the renovations were not that great in the bathrooms. But they had Lather bath products, which was nice.Like many hotels we had a $20 resort fee tacked on to our bill. But you still have to pay extra for wi-fi. I believe wi-fi should be included in the resort fee. Overall we had a wonderful time. What a fun way to spend the weekend!
3	My first impression was that it's "colorful".  Seriously, everywhere you turn there's purple, pink, orange, yellow.  I liked it.  Second impression, Caitlin at the front desk was so nice and so sweet.  She explained everything to us and since my husband and I were there before our friend, who was sharing a room with us, we were able to leave a roomkey for her at the front desk.The valet was nice and personable.They have a pretty nice pool.  It's a good size.  Plenty of lounge chairs and there are also cabanas.  Our server was pretty nice and attentive...at first.  Then it got busier at the pool and she along with one other server had to tend to what appeared to be upwards of about 75 -85 people.  It was harder to get a drink.  I would advise going earlier to the pool.  There were towels at the pool and a DJ.However, our friends had gotten this deal for the hotel (2 rooms for $75 per rm plus a bottle of wine).  When we were checking in, there was a huge confusion over the price and eventially after being told 3 different prices, it got worked out.  I hate that kind of stuff.  All we want is to have a relaxing staying and not deal with the BS.  Plus, I don't think we ever got the bottle of wine.
3	Stayed here a few days ago with my boyfriend...It was a quick check in and the room was very easy to find. When you walk in, it was a clean bathroom to my left, which actually had no door, so that kinda sucked. The room was small and cute and I really dig the pinkish walls.Overall, it was a fair stay, however I think it was overpriced for what I got. And prior to my arrival, I was told my room was going to be a different price than what they charged me. Anyways, I LOVED the pool/pool bar. If you just like to have fun, this is a suggested hotel. If you're looking for somewhere quiet and serene, probably not your cup of tea. But I probably will stay here again in the near future.
5	If you're young (or young at heart) and don't want to break the bank, look no further than The Saguaro.  You couldn't ask for a better location for Old Town Scottsdale. After chowing down at Distrito and having a drink or two at Old Town Whiskey, you're walking distance from two of my favorite Scottsdale drinking holes: AZ88 and Old Town Tavern.The rooms are an interesting mish-mash of retro and functional/minimalist modern that works really well and makes for a comfortable stay. White walls contrast with vibrant purples and pinks; colored wood furnishings contrast with stainless steel and modern black and white photos along with old Arizona Highway magazines and other furnishings and accents from yesteryear adorn the rooms. My suite had an awesome huge bathroom with cool toiletries;  my bedroom had a comfy king bed;  and a spacious double patio was accessible from the bedroom and the living room. The Saguaro also passed the test by having iPod docs in the bedroom....and necessity in my book! We spent Sunday by the pool in a cabana. Needless to say we were very well looked after by the wonderful staff as a DJ cranked out some awesome tunes and we frolicked in the pool.definitely a party atmosphere and a FANTASTIC day!My stay at the Saguaro was really great and i would recommend this property to anyone who wants to have a good time in Scottsdale and stay in a hip, cool property and still have some money to spend on drinks. The staff are all great and ready to help ensure your stay is great. They really took great care of us.P.S. nice job on the purple carpet walkways throughout the hotel!!!!
5	What a fun place!  The staff is absolutely incredible and anticipated my every need before I even knew I had it!  Wonderfully accommodating, fun, funky and kitschy - I just loved all of the attention to detail!I stayed in the Chaparral Gardenview Patio Suite, which has a huge furnished patio with loungers and a walkway to the pool area!  Lots of space in the room and even a separate living room area for entertaining friends.  Distrito - Great food! (Try the Queso Fundido with duck barbacoa!)Old Town Whiskey - Great selection! (Try the Commodore!)Pool - Great DJ's and vibe on weekends! (Get a cabana!)
5	I cannot say enough good things about The Saguaro hotel. The look is incredibly Arizona, playful and fun. I love all the colorful paint, decor, and the atmosphere just has an incredible vibe. The food at Distrito is to die for. The tacos and margaritas are probably the best in the valley. Old Town Whiskey is a personal favorite of mine. I love the old fashioneds. The head bartender is an encyclopedia of whiskeys and whiskey drinks. The pool is fun and relaxing. The atmosphere is hip, vibrant, but not flashy.  The staff are incredibly helpful and kind. If I could live in a hotel, it would be at The Saguaro.
5	We had a great time at the Saguaro. We stayed from August 24th until August 26th. Our room was awesome 2 flat screen tv's a huge bathroom with a super deep tub and separate shower area. The bed was so comfortable, although the pillow were a little thick for my liking. The staff was super friendly and they really made our stay wonderful. The pool is really cool and when you go under water you can hear music, nice touch. Last but definitely not least Distrito was great especially the drinks that Jay was serving up. We will go back just to drink some more of Jay's creations. They were absolutely unreal and out of this world.
4	This is a complicated little property.  I'll break down the review into some key areas and then you can decide for yourself. - Location: 4 Stars.  The Saguaro is right off Indian School and Drinkwater; the heart of Old Town..  You are within easy walking distance (even if your drunk) of dozens of bars, restaurants, nightclubs, shopping, you name it.  The hotel has pleanty of parking and is on the Old Town trolly route so you can take advantage of all the old town entertainment without being taken advantage of. - Service: 5 stars.  Every staff member I encountered made me feel like a treasured guest.  The check in process was smooth.  The hotel amenities and policies were explained.  They gave my dog a house made treat.  The valet staff were friendly and approachable.  They answered questions and made helpful suggestions.  When I asked to change rooms, the valet watched the dog and the front desk handled my request quickly and without argument.- Property Condition/Amenities: 3.5 stars.  This is a converted Holiday Inn, and while they've done a good job creating a fun and intimate atmosphere, this is not a typical resort property.  Everything feels just little bit closer together, just a little smaller in scale.  It isn't bad, it's just different. The lobby is open and clean, with cool modern Mexican decor.  The landscaping is mature with tall Palm Trees, colorful paint and furniture.  Jasmine serves as live screening between the 1st floor rooms, offering both some privacy and great fragrance.  There are two average/small pools, no hot tub.  One pool, Picante, hosts a weekend pool party from 10am to 7pm and the music is loud.  The Calma pool is smaller (small for a resort type property), and you can still hear the Picante party, but it generally has a relaxing vibe.  Lots of chaises; we never had a problem getting a spot.  The on site Spa is more of a series of treatment rooms.  There's no locker area, sauna or steam room.  - Room: 3.5 stars.  We had a 1st floor double room facing the Calma pool.  1st floor rooms and semi-private patios with outdoor furniture and are worth the upgrade price.  Even in the summer, it was awesome to be able to hang out at the pool, then walk back 10 steps to the room for a beer.  The rooms are on the smaller side, narrow and long.  Beds are comfortable, with quality linens and duvets.  Everything was spotless.
3	Better than average, but nothing amazing here. The spa was tiny but the service was great. Decent gym, but no locker room. The pool area was clean and very colorful. The pool bar was lame.  3 outta 5 for me.
1	Don't stay here unless you are single and under 30.  You could hear conversations from the pool through the sliding glass windows and every noise (including knocks on other guest room doors) from the hallway.  We stayed over night on a Saturday night and there was lots of "Night Life" all around us.  It was not worth the $150 - $180 per night plus the $19 per night resort fee.  Thankfully, we purchased a free night for a charity event otherwise I would have another complaint.
5	My stay was great here. We booked it for our wedding at a venue across from the hotel and they all had an amazing time. They loved the intimate resort feel the decor and the service was great. Distrito had great food and whiskey bar had great choices. if your looking for a fun active boutique hotel this is a great spot. Plus its walkiing distance to everything!
5	I don't think I could love this hotel any more than I do. Sure, there are a few things I would change if I could, but I cannot give this place less than five stars. Right when you walk into the Saguaro, the colors and design work will blow you away. I checked in on Saturday and got here way earlier than the normal check-in time, but when I got to the front desk I was pleasantly surprised to hear that it wasn't a problem! The girl working at the desk was so nice and asked me to wait about ten minutes and she'd have a room for me. She followed through on her word, and a few minutes later I had a bottle of water in hand from the valet guys and was making my way to my room. Since I was recovering from a cold and had a long morning of travel, I was so happy to be so close to a bed.I was totally blown away by my room. It's absolutely huge and beautiful, and the bright colors & cool designs pop. The king size bed is one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in, and the balcony is nice when I want to get a bit of fresh air. The bathroom leaves a bit to be desired, but you can't have it all I suppose. The robes are unbelievably comfortable, and the true comfort of this room is so appreciated. Also, there's a Kuerig in here with a variety of K-Cups. Yes please.The room service menu from Distrito is ridiculous. When I got here, I ordered guac, chicken tacos, and a plantain app, and everything was so flavorful and well-made. The breakfast is pretty good, too. Employees are more than friendly and do what they can to make you happy & comfortable.I have only two small complaints... well, more just things to be aware of. The hotel was having some sort of pool party on Saturday from 12-6, and it sounded like an episode of Jersey Shore was being filmed right. outside. my window. The music was so loud I could feel the bass vibrating my bed, and had to listen to lots of "whoooooo!" and also some bro talk. I was so glad when that damn thing ended. This hotel markets itself as a social place, though, so you already know what you're getting yourself into. Also, on Saturday night around 9pm, two young men in staff shirts came by and knocked on my door to do some housekeeping. What? Why are you coming to my door on a Saturday night to fix up my room? I called the front desk to make sure that was normal (and yknow, they weren't some crazy dudes from next door) and the front desk assured me they were just being thorough. The pool is pretty cool, though, and impressive. Think Vegas style. I don't know how appealing the furniture is because it's a little dirty and stained up, but I could see myself laying in the sun for a few hours at some point this week. The workout room is also a good size with tons of equipment!Five stars, especially for having a restaurant as cool and beautiful as Distrito attached. Glad to be living in luxury for the next four days!
4	When the cab driver pulled into the main entrance to this hotel I already knew I was going to love it. I spotted walls painted bubble gum pink, bright orange, canary yellow... It was really eye popping. And who attracts that much attention with bright colors if they don't have much else to show off?Walking into the lobby I was warmly greeted by smiling folks at the front desk who checked me in an instructed me on how to find my hotel room. What's neat about this hotel, especially coming from wet and rainy Seattle, is that aside from your actual room, much of the hotel is outdoors! The corridors are open and the actual floor is covered in this bright purple all-weather carpeting. As I searched for my room I could help but wonder what I was in for. Each door in the hotel is painted a different color too. This is not only fun but it's useful for finding your room again.In keeping with the rest of the hotel, the latin inspired bright colors are also inside the bedroom. In a tasteful and youthful way, splashes of color appear in artwork, on some some of the linens and pillows and on the bathroom door. It's not overdone at all. The room itself was lovely too. Nothing over the top or luxurious but easily suitable for anyone looking for an affordable place to stay for days on end. Courtyards and outdoor spaces here are covered with local fauna, water features, places to sit outside in the sun, places to sit in the shade, and of course, two swimming pools and a hot tub! The bigger pool is a nice big lap pool that hosts hotel parties on weekends. In fact, the pool is so hip that there's a stereo system that plays under water so you can listen to music as you swim. The communal patio areas around the pool are decorated with modern, brightly colored chairs, tables and various shapes and sizes of padded furniture for lounging on. One thing I loved seeing today as I was out getting some sun was that an employee was steam cleaning each of the pads on the chaise lounges. This hotel is nearly spotless. Small details like this didn't go unnoticed as I even saw people re-painting walls and tending to the common areas to keep them clean and bright for everyone.Other great spaces in the hotel include a spa, a gym, a large lobby with tons of seating options and a good sized bar with plush sofas and soft seating.I just stayed here 4 days but I could have easily stayed 4 more!
4	I think at the beginning of my trip I would have given the Saguaro 2-stars but like a really bad first blind date, sometimes you can't judge a place by first impressions and you've got to give it a second chance to really see what it's made of. FIRST DATE: I got into the Saguaro around midnight and checked in at the front desk. The girl who greeted me was over the top friendly and gave me instructions as to where my room was. I guess I was expecting for the Saguaro to be your standard corporate hotel where everything would be in one building. (BUZZER) Wrong. Like an apartment complex, it's separated into several three story buildings which surround the pool areas. They offered to have security escort me but I didn't want to seem like a SCARED BABY, which unfortunately was the God awful truth. I am a big scared baby when I travel to myself because every horror movie scenario starts flashing in and out of my mind. I walked down the long corridors freaked out by the fact that if something were to happen to me, I'd be completely screwed. No one would know what happened to me and I would be BURIED IN THE DESERT!!! Noooooooooooo! As you can see I survived the entire ordeal and continued my self-induced SCAREFEST by locking myself into my room. The best way to describe the rooms at the Saguaro? TRADING SPACES. Some decorator did the best they could to make the space cool on a small budget. Yet what the Saguaro lacks in fancy accoutrements, it makes up for with a HEAVENLY BED. Wonderful big pillows and the best sleeping I've done in awhile. This of course was completely disrupted the next morning by BLARING POOL MUSIC and I jumped out of bed startled. Is R Kelly in the house and is he filming a music video? I was totally pissed but again, I am a mother of three and all I wanted to do was sleep. I left for a work conference and my bad first date was over. SECOND DATE: I had no choice but to give the Saguaro a second chance and returned from my work conference with feelings of resentment and dread. Come to find out all my co-workers had rooms surrounding me and I really had created the scarefest unnecessarily. I plopped into my room for a night of working online and was stoked to find that there was FREE WI-FI. Hooray! The next evening we all hung out at the pool and it was really great that although the pool closed at 10 pm, we hung out past midnight and the hotel staff was totally cool with it. Oh Saguaro you are growing on me!THIRD DATE: Regardless of my initial bad first impressions the staff at the Saguaro really managed to change my entire viewpoint. On our last evening at the hotel we all gathered around a large table in the lobby for a good 5 hours. The table was brilliantly engineered for co-working with outlets built into the center. The music playing in the lobby was fun without being obnoxious. The staff constantly checked up on us by removing trash and asked how we were doing in the friendliest manner. Whoever does the hiring and training at the Saguaro, you should write a book and do a national speaking tour because you are AWESOME! Even the custodial staff is SUPER FRIENDLY & CARING!If you LOVE POOLS you're really going to enjoy the Saguaro. It's very fun with one pool that blasts music (as I had found out on my first morning) and they pump the tunes underwater, which I thought was the coolest! Great for sunning and enjoying the heat of Arizona. If you want a more mellow experience there's a Calma pool which has a more relaxed vibe minus the bumpin' music and there's a spa.RELATIONSHIP SYNOPSIS: If you're wanting to sleep in and experience TOTAL SERENITY the Saguaro is not for you. The walls are thin and there's a music video that gets shot every morning at 10 am. If you're coming to PARTY and hang out with friends for the weekend, then THIS IS YOUR SPOT! I'm not sure if we'll have a long lasting relationship but I'll certainly entertain the idea when I plan my next trip to Scottsdale. For the price, I doubt you'll find a better option and it's less than a mile to Fashion Square (the best mall ever!) and Old Town. There's lots of shops and bars in walking distance right next to the hotel, so the location is tough to beat. Thanks for the memories Saguaro!31 Yelps Challenge: #6/31
4	The Saguaro is not what I expected. This converted hotel is a mix of hip, colorful and southwest with a dash of pool party mixed in.  I guess from the photos I wasn't expecting this spot to have as much of a "party" vibe as it does, and that's a pleasant surprise to me. The upsides to this hotel are the service, color and flair. From the lobby decked out in a midcentury-modern/southwest feel complete with vintage Arizona Highway magazines scattered about to the yellow-and-orange poolside cabanas to the mod rooms, it's a mish-mash of boutique hotel design styles all thrown in to one. The front desk is helpful and all smiles, as are the valets. You can tell by walking through the pool area that they host plenty of parties, but the pool itself is huge - nice and long but never too deep. Perfect for a mass of people. The rooms are comfy and decent-size, equipped with showers, tubs, comfy king beds, flat-screens, free wi-fi, some vintage/mod accents, a desk area and some decent quality soaps/lotions. Each room has an air conditioner, safe, fridge and lighted closet space. Oh, and there is plenty of purple carpet around. The pathways are outdoors, which kind of sucks in the Scottsdale heat, but the air con keeps the rooms themselves cool enough. What knocks this hotel up a notch for me is the permissive vibe of the staff. Numerous times we were in the pool well past "closing" and as long as we were behaving ourselves they didn't seem to care that we were there. Instead of the usual hotel SS that kicks you out the moment it's supposed to be closed, we were in the pool and hot tub as late as 1am with no consequence. Also, the hotel is a block off of Old Town Scottsdale, with lots of stuff to do. Also in the hotel are a whiskey bar and Distrito, a fairly stylish restaurant with pretty decent food. The bar has a great happy hour with $6 old fashioned cocktails (a good price for a hotel bar) and the pool offers a bar during daytime hours as well. I'd totally stay here again, especially at the price we paid. Dig it.
4	This retro boutique hotel is decidedly unlike any place at which I'd stayed before, and while it took me a minute to warm up to it's charm, I would confidently recommend The Saguaro to any of my friends. The absolute best thing that The Saguaro has going for it is it's staff. Every single person which whom I interacted was friendly, personable and helpful. They were able to get me into a room laughably early, something I don't think they could know how much I appreciated. The guys that handled valet were just awesome! They were on hand to give me recommendations and advice on the area attractions, and were also just generally cool dudes. I would hang and talk with them longer than necessary because they were just incredibly likeable. I wish they didn't make them wear bandages and such to cover their tattoos, b/c they all look like they were in accidents! They're professionals here, a little ink isn't going to change that! The restaurant staff was quite good at their job, though a touch on the cornball side. The property is divided into two sections. There is the check-in side that has the restaurant, bar and a coffee shop. Also there is a great big table that is perfect for group working, with plenty of space and plug-ins. The space as a whole is bright, clean, and at once modern and vintage. I want the name of their decorator. The other side of the property are the hotel rooms, the pool and the gym. The rooms are pretty great. I thought the bed was quite comfortable and the bathroom had great products. I had a beautiful view of the pool through a number of palm trees, which made me feel like I was on vacation rather than a business trip. The only thing I would change would be the sliding bathroom doors. I don't much care for those. The pool area is just awesome! Huge hot tub butting up next to a long, large pool. If you wanted to swim laps for exercise, you could. If you wanted to party and look fabulous, you could. The bright cabanas and beds and pool chairs, as well as the stellar landscaping made this pool a true oasis. The music was all great, and I like that it was pumped underwater as well. Definitely makes swimming laps more interesting. The hotel gym is... OK. A decent selection of free weights and machines. Some cardio options. But I really expected more seeing as there's a resort fee attached to this. I rarely stay at places with said fees, but when I do I always feel like they earned it. I just didn't feel that way here. The pool is great,  but I would have liked to have seen a sauna or steam room. The bike rental is a nice touch, but I don't know how often I'd use it. I Overall, I am a big fan of this property and would come back in a heartbeat. It's a fantastic way to enjoy the Arizona sun.
4	I've stayed at just about every chain hotel across this country. I once lived in a casino for nearly two months. So when I get the chance to go to a custom, unique, colorful hotel like The Saguaro I definitely jump at the chance.That's not to say that one-of-a-kind-ness is an automatic grant for top honors. You have to stand on your own merits at some point. But it does give them a head start.So let's talk first about the service. So many smiles. So much help. Those valet fellas were on top of their game, and the front desk was always super helpful. Never had a problem with housekeeping. Tip tops, for sure.As the accommodations go, I was happy. It's got a modern feel to it from their recent renovations. Not that it takes itself too seriously, it's still brightly colored (helloooo purple carpet in the hallways) so there's that fun element. The main building with the lobby turns into a bar which turns into Distrito, a delish and simple Mexican restaurant.Before booking here you should be aware that these are enter from the outdoors rooms, and they're spread over several buildings on the campus. They all sort of surround the pool. If you're not down with doing some walking to get to your room then you might think about whether this is the right fit. On my last day, my key card stopped working prematurely. I was in the lobby, walked all the way out to my room, up to the second floor, and then had to return to get re-keyed. Hey, these things happen. And it's not much bother. But if you'd rather have everything in one building with a central elevator then think twice.After staying in every corpo hotel in the heartland and both coasts, I'm happy when a place has a vibe that's... well... any kind of vibe. I expected a party place, but was glad to see it much calmer than all of that. Still dunno what's up with that bumpin' & jammin' music at the pool. Music at the pool? Great. Loud music at the pool I can still listen to in my room with the doors and windows shut? Maybe a bit much.Comfy bed, simple room, nice little balcony, big flatscreen, good shower, right near Old Town. Wouldn't mind staying here again at all!
4	The Saguro is a bright, happy place in the middle of Old Town Scottsdale and I, for one, am a big fan of bright, happy places (people, too but that's a story for another time.)It is set up more like an apartment and less like a hotel with lots of buildings scattered about, all surrounding a pool. (There is actually more than one pool to make this happen.) It definitely has more of a party vibe than some hotels, which is just fine by me. I can imagine during the summa, summa, summertime these pools are hopping. And, even though the feel of the place is fun, the staff of the place is nothing less than professional. Every single person I interacted with was beyond kind, helpful, and happy.Whether you need a hotel room for a night or a full trip, a place to hang out poolside, a happy hour cocktail, a casual meeting place, or breakfast or lunch I think The Saguaro just might have you covered. And all with a smile. What's not to like about that?
4	When I first pulled up my first thought was "tacky" thanks to all the bright colors in the lobby of the hotel and my room. However, after a few hours The Saguaro grew on me.  There is a fun pool area, which sadly I wasn't in Scottsdale long enough to enjoy. There's a fabulous gym filled with state-of-the-art equipment. And the hotel staff was as cherry and bright as the colors throughout the hotel. They also offered me bottles of water about every 2 minutes, which was much appreciated in the hot Phoenix weather.We scored a pretty awesome rate of $125/night. For that I'd definitely book The Saguaro again. You won't get the resort experience that you'll get at some other hotels in Scottsdale, but definitely a fun and cheerful place to stay.
4	Only stayed here one night but I was very impressed!  It was a Saturday night in November and I was able to score a rate of $114 for a king size room.  Not bad!  I didn't think it had much "curbside appeal" but once you get inside it's got lot's of charm and appeal.  I really didn't explore the property much because I was there for a limited time but the room was really cool and creative.  If I was back in the area I would definitely stay here again and check out more of the property.
5	Loved.
5	I have to say that this hotel is everything that I expected and more.  I was somewhat concerned about staying here last week since this property has gone through several owners in the last decade.  Have no fears, this property knows how to treat its customers.The look and feel of the property takes you back about fifty years to the desert glam look of the pre-hippy era.  I am extremely fond of the colors and attention to design of this property.It is in Old Town Scottsdale near most anything you want to be near.  The staff is simply outstanding in every way - friendly and will bend over backwards.My company had an event here.  To the best of my knowledge, everyone enjoyed it.I am not going to comment on the food (albeit great) it is not part of the Saguaro.The rooms are comfortable with soft bedding, king size beds, clean bathrooms, warm water and LCD television.Try this place out!
4	I stayed at The Saguaro for a business trip and was very happy with the customer service.  Once I arrived I was greeted by the staff who directed me into the lobby, which also happened to be where the restaurant and bar were located.  They checked me in and directed me back to the way I came in order to go to the rooms which were on the other side of the circle drive.  I was pleasantly surprised to see a 2 pools, lots of seating, and a spa.  The room was unique.  Very bright and in a way, made you very happy.  The bed however (though a very large bed) was squeaky and hard.  I thoroughly enjoyed the Keurig coffee maker and super cute mugs (I ended up buying one in the lobby to take home!).  The best thing about the hotel is it's location.  It's very close to the performing arts center, museums, Old Town Scottsdale, lots of restaurants and shops!  I highly recommend it if you want to be near the action of Old Town and don't want to drive a car while in Scottsdale.    The restaurant and bar at The Saguaro are also well worth going to.  Check it out and don't forget to check-in!  You get a free appetizer on Yelp!
5	WOW! The service at this place is really amazing!!! I use Yelp for reviews but never have done one myself...They made me WANT to let you know what to expect as well as make sure management knows what a valuable asset they have in the people that made the experience amazing enough to make me take my time to do this. Ever touch point with a staff member went above and beyond normal service. Great food: Keep the Chef...I will never be able to eat Mexican again anywhere else now that I know what it should taste like.  Great beds: I am always hesitant to travel because I love MY bed and NEVER sleep well away from home. This bed put my bed to shame, the great location that makes it accessible to Old Downtown has the noise factor that concerned us after reading other reviews...the bed overcame it by leaps & bounds ...My husband & I actually discussed before leaving if we could somehow get the bed as carry on! Great service!!! The staff is really superb at what they do...because of that consistent it must be the dogma of management...Well done. Older hotel that will always keep us coming back for more. Edgy vibe done really well. A+++.
5	I was attending an event at the Biltmore for several days but didn't want to stay there since I didn't want to get stuck at the "Island" with nothing to do so I selected the Saguaro for it's location in Old Town.I really wasn't expecting much from the hotel but wanted to be within walking distance for things to do at night. I was pleasantly surprised by how responsive and friendly the people that work there were. I can say that I have never had such personal service at a hotel for just about anything I could ask for. I had one issue during my stay and can say the front desk took care of the problem within minutes.Each evening for our small group started and ended at the whisky bar. The guy who oversees the whisky selection is great and truly knows his stuff. His selection of beers is also very good. It's very comfortable both in the bar and out at the patio.During most of my hotel stays I usually only have contact with the employees when I check in and check out, but here they really are a big part of the experience of staying here. They were even kind enough to let us use the parking lot to detail our cars prior to driving them up to the Biltmore for the show we were in. Nice touch.I will certainly make this my first preference for any future stays in the area.
1	I hated this place. I was there for work and I worked nights. every morning at about 8 o'clock there would be music blaring right outside my room. everyday I had to call and have them stop it. They would take about a half hour. well I was up by then. The rooms were cramped and there was a sliding door that never quite closed on the bathroom door. The location was nice. But stay at the hilton across the street.
3	Strange little hotel tucked in a weird part of Old Town Scottsdale, I guess this place has been through multiple owners and never seems to be able to be successful.  It's old and has been fixed up to be "retro cool".  However, it's not attractive to me....it doesn't make me want to come hang out here.I like to come here because when I go to restaurants in the area, their parking is convenient.  Also, it's easy parking to find during Spring Training games.....but you have to pay $5, which is worth it.I would've probably rated them 4 Stars, but they closed the Whiskey Bar/Lounge in the lobby....which had awesome Pickles and bar food.  I've attended networking mixers and group functions in their pool courtyard and it was average....felt like I was in a throwback to the 1970's.The service here (Valet, Front Desk, Concierge, F&B staff) is above average and friendly.  Too bad the building is so weird and uninviting.Return Factor - 50%
5	We came for a 24 hour staycation. We sat by the pool all day. The pool food was amazing (ceviche was the best i have ever had!) as was the pool staff! The guy getting chairs and towels was on top of it! The waitress was friendly and fast! Upon check in the girl at the front desk, Devin, asked what the occasion was and I mentioned it was our anniversary. When we arrived back in our room that evening there was a card, a bottle of wine, and some snacks. What a nice touch! The rooms are fun and clean. The pools are perfect for hanging out. Upon checking out I decided to grab a coffee. Even the cute barista was friendly and efficient!  The staff makes this place! As a business owner, i want to find out who trains these kids and how they are incentivized. Nice work!
2	The Saguaro has a very late check in time of 4pm, and don't be surprised if you won't even get into your room until hours later.  The housekeeping is incredibly slow, and customer service is sub-par.  Considering the value, I guess this is to be expected, however, it shouldn't be too much to ask for a friendly front desk and management.
5	i'm a chicago native.  i love chitown.  i don't think i could ever move to arizona because everything is brown.  except the saguaro.  there's life here.  this is the most colorful hotel i've ever stayed at.  if you're depressed and just need some love (not from, like, a hooker or anything), this is place to go.my friend, who actually only lives 15 min away, decided to book us a staycation for one night.  we arrived on a friday, and although the hotel was at full capacity the night before, we were able to get the pool-side view room we requested earlier than promised.  we checked in and ate at the hotel restaurant, which i'll do a separate review for.the staff is SO nice.  and really good-looking.  seriously, everyone was fantastic.  they kept offering us bottled water for no reason.  and they always wanted to carry our luggage, like, all the time.  awesome.  the vibe is so laid back, friendly, and relaxing.i took a terrific FREE yoga class on saturday morning.  it was class of me and another woman, and then the teacher.  we cuddled in a small grassy area, and it was perfect.  the rooms were amazing, too.  decorated with bright colors, pics of old road trip photos and vintage cameras everywhere.  seriously.  effing grand.  clean.  just really cool and different.the pool area was kept clean.  a heated pool, which are like, my favorite kind of pools.  the next day we stayed at the pool ALL DAY.  and the staff, again, were so nice and sweet.  i hope to be back again next year!  xoxo, saguaro!
3	04/03/13Spotted a "Massage and Mojito" Groupon at The Saguaro and took this opportunity to check the spa grounds.  Made the reservations via phone with Josh a week before and arrived around a half-hour before to check out the pool and perhaps read a little on one of the lounge beds.  The pool** was long, narrow, and rectangular, with a net at one end and busy with guests- couples and families, and not many singles, if at all.  There were many lounge beds, but those that weren't taken were either dirty, or barren of towels or pillows, so I sat at one of the picnic tables, instead.  It was only around 10 to 15 minutes' of reading did I look up and notice that the vacant beds now had clean towels on them for guests to use.Checked in with Josh at 3:15 pm and was asked if I wanted to use the restroom and something to drink.  The restrooms were in the hallway separating the spa and the pool area.  Understandably, the restroom lacked the relaxing ambience of a spa and felt very utilitarian and impersonal- it felt like I was at a picnic or rest station area, albeit well-stocked with napkins and cloth-lined trash bins.  Back at the spa... the "lobby" was tiny, with only three chairs for waiting guests.  Wasn't able to study the products that lined a few shelves, but did find it amusing that thong slippers were on sale for $30 and up!  My therapist, Mary, was prompt and came out to meet me at 3:30 pm to show me to a room.  I asked her what kind of products would she be using on me, as I am sensitive to a few ingredients and found out that the spa is currently using an orange blossom-based lotion and oil.  I told her I was allergic to orange oils, but was told, after she checked with another person, that orange blossom was different from orange oil, so I decided to try it.  (While I did not break out at the patch test before the massage took place, which didn't allow enough time anyway, I did start itching while dining at Distrito afterwards.)  I had thought ahead and brought a bottle of Aura Cacia's Heart Song for Mary to use in case I couldn't use the products here, but the spa did not have suitable carrier oils for me, and when I told her that my former therapist used it only in the beginning anyway, to induce relaxation faster by warming the oil with her hands and asking me to breathe in, she was eager to try it herself.  I was afraid I'd lose the time it took to check and double-check for substitutes, but Mary provided extra time to allow me a whole hour's massage- much appreciated, Mary!The room's ambience was comforting and inviting, nicely-lit, and the mood music was lovely.  I enjoyed the massage, but after years' worth of weekly 90-minute massages, an hour just wasn't enough.  (Ha!  There was no going back to an hour's massage after my first 90-minute!)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-saguaro-scottsdale-4?select=PGqqHOWG9a5x2WQoSKRzHA#PGqqHOWG9a5x2WQoSKRzHAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-saguaro-scottsdale-4?select=YGXU--DAA7qhyaVHK1V2zQ#YGXU--DAA7qhyaVHK1V2zQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-saguaro-scottsdale-4?select=2tTmIwELpdf0BmWsj0oYmA#2tTmIwELpdf0BmWsj0oYmAAfterwards, while paying for the service with the Groupon and picking up the ticket for a complimentary mojito- I could either use it at the pool's bar, or at Distrito- Josh told me that the spa would be offering 60- and 90-minute massages for $60 and $90, respectively all throughout the summer, and as always, the services would include the use of the pools.  If you need a change of scenery, check out the spa!**While I didn't take any photos at the pool, to respect the privacy of the guests, I did take a couple of the flowers I spotted on my way to Distrito...http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-saguaro-scottsdale-4?select=q32feSqSUW4UIZz7SUicCg#q32feSqSUW4UIZz7SUicCghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-saguaro-scottsdale-4?select=i4O2V9IPmm2o6ZNi4EyHuQ#i4O2V9IPmm2o6ZNi4EyHuQ
2	Pros:  Pool area, location, colorful.Cons:  Rooms leave a lot to be desired, price for what you get.If you like this type of retro-hotel, just stay at the Valley Ho.  They do it much better.  The rooms at The Saguaro aren't very nice.  They tried, but there are a lot of details that are missed.  Don't get a room on the lower level -- the only curtains they have are black out curtains so if you don't want people being able to look in as they walk past you have to pull the black out curtain and now your room has no natural light!  This really bothered me!  Just put in a sheer curtain for goodness sake.  On our last night a group of 20 somethings were staying next to us.  They had a VERY loud party all night long.  We called the front desk MANY times.  They would not do anything about it.  We finally were able to sleep after 4:30am!!  That was NOT cool.The location cannot be beat if you are staying for Giants spring training.  And it's right there in Old Town so many choices of restaurants and bars all right there.  If you want bottled water and don't want to pay $6 for the water in the room, you can get bottled water from the 5 gallon tank in the fitness room - bring your empty bottle and fill it up!  Just sayin....If I ever stay here again I will make sure to ask for an upper level room, but I'm thinking it's not likely to happen.
4	This is a perfect location for exploring old town. You can walk to shopping and plenty of restaurants.  The pool has a party atmosphere and it's pretty casual.  The pool chairs are really comfortable.  The decor is unique and fun, however, plan to stay up late because you won't get much sleep with the paper thin walls.  I would stay here again for the price and the location.
5	We spent a weekend in Scottsdale for a wedding and had two nights at The Saguaro.  Wow!  From the moment we stepped out of our car to the second we left, everyone was super friendly, the grounds were kept in great shape and the vibe was top notch.  We spent some time in the pool area and loved the atmosphere.  The location couldn't be better.  Rooms were quirky but clean and the beds were comfortable.  Will definitely go back here.
5	Man I really liked this hotel; I'm glad I found it on priceline after deciding to stay in the area after my work trip turned into a Treat Yo'Self trip, Meagle/Haverford style. It happened to be one of the cheaper options on Kayak so I booked a room for Friday night. I ended up liking it so much that I decided to go all fuck it on the rest of the weekend and just hang out by the pool bar (this was a great decision although my sunburned thighs might disagree).There is just a charming vibe to the hotel. It's small and colorful, swathed in palm trees and meandering paths, which gives it an "oasis" feel, sort of like a sunny hideway/cove. All I wanted was to get day drunk on sangria and sprawl out in/around the pool. mission accomplished in quite a lovely fashion. The large pool and plethora of lounge chairs and day beds were quite a treat, and the music selection was great (kudos to the DJ).  I was also quite impressed with the Distrito food. So, yeah. I liked it as a bit of a self-contained world within itself, mellow and laid back. I'm actually not a "get pampered" type of person, but I really enjoyed just succumbing to the bright, peppy colors, the chile relleno, Wild Nothing on the stereo, burbling fountains and of course sun and sangria. The decor is very inviting and the staff helpful. I'm definitely glad I holed up here for a weekend.
3	Chic and trendy on a shoestring.....  Just finished an enjoyable four day stay at Saguaro Scottsdale. If you have "W" taste with Holiday Inn budget... this might be the place for you. PROS:Location... steps to old town shops, gallaries, pubs and restaurants.Beautiful landscaped grounds with creative and dramatic water features.Two pools, one party central, one on the quiet side.Great Pool food.Excellent In room Coffee.Excellent Room service (price & quality)Great security lighting throughout the property.Bed & bedding was very good.Bathroom amenities were good.Copies of old Arizona Highways magazines in the rooms a plus.Internet worked fine.Complimentary Bikes to borrow.CONS:Guest Agent checked me in, took my cell phone and said she'd call when my room was ready. She went off duty two hours later... I never got a call.Renovation done on the cheap. Creative at times yes but cheap!!!Old bathtub, tile enclosure, floor tile, toilet, mirror and light fixture in bathroom.(Sink and cabinet were replaced as well as hardware)In room carpeting with the texture and feel of indoor/outdoor carpeting.Sliding Glass door was only window for light. It has only a blackout curtain so no option for privacy with natural light. No comfortable furniture in room, one IKEA desk chair, and a Mexican import table and chairs.No comfortable outside furniture on the private patios. IKEA plastic-rubber set. Pool chaises and beds were stained. Should have removable covers that can be cleaned.Pool short staffed two out of four days. Towels, garbage accumulated in pool area. (Why can't people drop their used towels in the hamper when done with pool time????)Loud old fashioned in the wall AC & heat. They did install a wall mounted thermostat and a decorative shell for the units.The hotel is fun... a solid three stars.
1	This hotel was nice in theory, in real life..it sucked. We won't be coming back. The walls are SO thin you can hear your neighbor fart. Our delightful drunk neighbor woke us up ralphing at 630 in the morning. He was THAT loud and the next night they came back drunk as hell at 330 in the morning loud and obnoxious. This hotel is good for party goers but not for business and family trips. The service was great and all the employees were wonderful but that's just not enough to make me want to recommend this place or rebook here, and we come to Phoenix frequently.
4	I went to the Saguaro with two girlfriends for a Staycation. I arrived, feeling like the woman in Bridesmaids when she pulls up in her hoop-ty and doesn't want to put down the lemonade because it is so good. Well, I drive a car similar to hers and unfortunately Valet is what you are subjected to utilize as there is no other parking around. The valet guy was very cool about it after I told him, I didn't have cash. He said, don't worry the valet service is complementary. Still, I felt bad not using self parking knowing I didn't pay for the service. The food at the pool is over priced and not very good. For $23.00 we ordered chicken nachos. The gratuity was included so the woman who walked our nachos over to us automatically grated herself a whopping $4.00. We ate them and carried on with our UV rays. Dinner at the Disitrio was interesting. The server was nice and charismatic. He made us feel comfortable in our ordering choices and said they were all "shareable" entrees. When the $19.00 ceviche arrived, I think I spit out some of my margarita with laughter because the portion was incredibly small. We had a great laugh. Thank goodness we ordered guacamole, as it held us over and was of normal serving size. The kale salad was a bowl in a bowl with maybe 10 ounces of greens and very little of anything else. We ordered carnitas tacos to hold us over. Renting bikes at this hotel is optional for guests. I highly encourage it because if you want inexpensive, good size portions, you need to pedal to food and drinks. The staff was great. Very friendly. Since we rented bikes everyday and used valet we got to speak to them daily. I thought it was a little hidden gem in the heart of Scottsdale, I would come again!
4	The Saguaro is an upscale, modern, hipster, cool, hotel and a great place to stay right in the center of the action in Old Town Scottsdale. However, to me it will always be the Doubletree Hotel where my family spent many weekends while visiting Scottsdale from Tucson. And while I love the pool area that is so cool now with the cabanas, I can't be help but be reminded of how many times I played Marco Polo in that pool as a kid... and we didn't have to buy bottle service to get prime seats :-)However, even if you don't already have great memories of this hotel, you can create them now by staying here next time you're in Scottsdale.Check it out!
5	Pool was fantastic. It's a secret hidden gem of a rockin pool scene, but that won't last long. I'm sure it will be packed this summer.
5	Had an amazing time at the saguaro.  From reservations to check out I recieved amazing customer service.  I could probably find something to critique if I was super picky, but I didn't find myself focusing on anything else but the warm welcome and cool surroundings.  The location was perfect.  I recommend taking advantage of the bikes provided by the saguaro.  The pool areas are cool and relaxing.  Pool side service was great and food was surprisingly delicious.  I will definitely be returning.
4	On a recent roadtrip, I stayed here twice.  My nephew tells me that it was an old dorm.  The rooms are a little on the smaller side, but clean and comfy.  This is a Joix de ve hotel, so they take dogggies :)The grounds are nice and the pool area is comfy.It is nicely located next to Old Town Scottsdale, so you don't need a car.What I really liked was that they had flavored water at the entryway.We liked this place and definitely would return.
5	This has been many different hotels since I've lived here but the Saguro is by far the best one and I hope it stays. This is such a great location if you have family or friends coming in town. It's right in the middle of Old Town so you won't even have to drive anywhere if you don't want to. It's really funky with all different bright colors all over it so it's really aesthetically pleasing and fun looking. There are two pools (a big one and a smaller one) that get pretty living and there's a bar there and all kinds of fun bright pool furniture. Also, when we were there we ordered food from Old Town Whiskey (now closed) and they brought it out to the pool for us. They also have bright orange beach cruisers that you can rent for free while you're staying there which i think is so cool My dad and & stepmom stayed here and they were able to rent those and take them out with us and ride around. Also, Distrito is here which is a nice perk, and the rooms are cute and colorful as well with all different colored doors and walls. The "balconies" are a little odd because they're like slanted and you can't really hang out on them but whatever.  Highly recommended!
4	This place makes me happy. My husband and I came for a weekend getaway in April - we like to stay in downtown Scottsdale and walk everywhere (especially FnB) and this location was perfect. The rooms were stylish and comfortable. The two pool areas - one quiet and calm, the other larger and more bumpin' - were great for sunning, swimming, relaxing and reading. And also drinking. It might be too easy to get a delicious pitcher of margaritas or sangria here... We signed up for quick (30 min) massages in the spa - which is bare bones (you can hear conversations through the walls but who talks in spas? just us chatty cathys talking the ears off of our massage therapists). The massages were  - which were perfectly pleasant. We would most definitely stay here again. 2 pieces of constructive criticism: 1. the front desk didn't always seem knowledgeable about the amenities listed - like when/where the free Saturday yoga is (9am in the gazebo by the calm pool) or how to sign up for it (call the spa or just show up and hope there's a space if you arrive after the spa closes on friday night). 2. I really wish the coffee shop near check in was open later. We can't be the only people who sleep in on vacation and it would be nice to be able to grab something light near the hotel without having a sit-down breakfast after 10am.All in all I count the Saguaro as the benchmark for how to successfully re-position a 70s era hotel.
4	Stayed over on the Fourth of July to celebrate my best friends birthday. We hung out by the pool all day and enjoyed the friendly staff  bringing us drinks pool side. The pool was soooo hot like bath water, sometimes this isn't bad but when it's 115 outside your getting in a pool to cool down not to boil. After enjoying our time pool side we headed back to the room for the night. The room was beautiful. Mexico vibe living room area and two beds in the room connecting. The bathroom was also really nice...  Big. The layout of the room was interesting, but still comfortable. I also liked that we had a small little balcony with a nice view! Everything was great but during the night the ac broke. We tried to suck it up but we were steaming hot! It's was soooo hot we ended up leaving. No bueno. The next morning we came back to check out of the room and when we explained what happened they took care of our room for us. That's was I call awesome hospitality! The staff all around was awesome and made my experience a great one! Ill be back for sure, despite the mishap with the air.
4	I stayed here the last weekend in June 2013. I used to live in the Phoenix/Tempe area, so I am some what familiar with my surroundings here. However I wanted to get a hotel right in the thick of things so that I would not have to drive all around town. This is a great location, close to the mall, close to bars, restaurants and clubs. You get a lot of bang for your buck here! It's a beautiful property. Lobby is colorful, gorgeous and comfy. The valet service is, fast, kind and helpful. The front desk, is fast and friendly. I had a room across from the main entrance, on the bottom floor just steps away from both pools. Which turned out to the be the BEST location! My room had a little patio, and walk way to the "non-party" pool. Great view. Great room. Not going to bore you with the details since there are plenty of very detailed reviews that are right on the money with this hotel. I WILL be staying here again in the future. Probably several times.
5	Likely the best deal in Old Town for a room - which you can get under $100 in the summertime. Location being the Saguaro's key advantage - walking distance to the best bars and restaurants that Scottsdale has to offer. The rooms are simple with modern furnishings and a western theme that grows on you. Room service is excellent - Thanks Joe! The onsite restaurant is very good, They also have two nice pools and a little coffee bar. After you check in - check out my list of Scottsdale's top 100 bars. Your first and maybe last stop of the evening will be The Old Town Tavern right next door.
4	Great summer time specials!  Staff was super helpful when my car malfunctioned and locked the keys inside.  Walking distance to everything - restaurants, bars... we never walked more than a few hundred feet!
4	I am so happy to have The Saguaro across the street from my apartment complex!  The first thing of note is the spa.  Actually, the spa itself is nothing more than a waiting room with the individual treatment rooms in the back, but I had the BEST massage there!  I had a 90-minutes massage with Karen recently, and, no offense to my boyfriend, but it was the best 90 minutes of my life!  Unlike most places in town, the massages are very reasonably priced.  After my 90 minutes in heaven, I spent the day by the pool.  The Saguaro's pool is fun, vibrant, and they have good service.  I think it can turn into more of a party scene than I would like, but it's never been too overwhelming.  Their restaurant Distrito is great, but I wish they hadn't changed their menu earlier this year.  They actually took most of my favorite things off the menu.  I remember that my food was good the last time I went there, but not memorable as it had been before.  They do have fantastic guacamole, but the only criticism is that it's a tiny bowl of it.  They used to have a second restaurant, The Whiskey, and I LOVED that place!  It was comfy and never overly crowded, and they had my favorite burger in Scottsdale--maybe my favorite burger anywhere.  Sadly, though, they turned it into an event space earlier this year.  Another thing that I think is great about this place is that they offer memberships.  For a very reasonable price--under $200, I think!-- you can use the pool and fitness center any time you want, and you get discounts on food and spa treatments.  I can pretty much guarantee that there is nowhere else in Scottsdale that offers a deal like that!  I've already decided that, when I move out of my apartment complex and no longer have an on-site fitness center and pool, I will be getting one of those memberships.Despite living across the street, I have actually stayed a night at The Saguaro.  The rooms are very unique and brightly colored.  My only complaints were that the bed was a little uncomfortable and squeaky, and the bathroom door was a sliding one that kind of made you feel like you were in a jail cell.  But overall, I love this place!
5	My husband and I just had a staycation here this weekend and we absolutely loved it! It is so centrally located in Old Town Scottsdale that you can either walk or take a very inexpensive cab ride anywhere. This hotel has had a lot of owners and incarnations since it was originally renovated from the old Days Inn of yesteryear to the sexy, sleek James Hotel back in the early 2000's that I wasn't sure how I would feel about the most recent version of this hotel. I'm happy to say that, while it's no James Hotel, in our opinion it's the best version since the James Hotel. It was clean, the staff was friendly and amazing, the rooms were clean and fun, and even though it may not have been the size of crowd they were expecting at the pool, it was perfect for us. The music was awesome and not too loud. We will definately do this again! And best of all, we were able to bring our very well behaved dog with us as the hotel is pet friendly! Bonus!!
2	Great location for Spring training, but when they are gouging you for over $300 a night, your room should be ready for check in before 5:00 pm.  Does this mean I can check out at 5 pm?It smelled musty too...
4	Overall great boutique hotel! I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here - the rooms were nicely decorated, lobby was inviting, the pool was awesome and the food/drinks were good. I stayed in a king room right off from the pool - it was so nice to be able to sit out on the patio and enjoy breakfast before heading out to the pool for the a few hours. I only ate and drank at the pool, but the food was good. The hotel is within walking distance of most of the major Old Town shops and restaurants so that is very convenient! I also was able to get quite a few runs in during my trip.The staff was very nice and attentive.Overall, I would highly recommend staying here!
2	This place has done a great job with decor, friendliness of the staff and making you feel welcome.The food is where I would want to give more stars since this was the highlight of staying at The Saguaro.The rooms are fairly small, and not updated at all. The noise level was extremely disrupt full. Loud people talking, laughing, screaming at all hours of the night compounded by the street noise does not make for a pleasant stay.Please upgrade your rooms and put sound proof windows in.
5	I've stayed here twice in the last 5 weeks, The pools are awesome to chill out in. The hotel is clean and staff are generally friendly. Great location to old town pretty much walking distance to everything. the free bike rental is an awesome ideal also.
3	Went to the pool only, on a travelzoo promo for drinks/food that seemed a commitment-less way to try the place out.The pool is nice, quite long but not wide.  There were lots of available seats and overall really nice and clean. The staff was shorthanded and took quite some time in bringing us drinks and food but overall not a bad way to spend a Sunday.  Overall, really nice.  Had to valet to park and can see where it would get crowded quite quickly.  No dj or entertainment which made it a bit lowkey.
3	The hotel has a very nice lobby and a hip modern vibe. It is very close to the historical downtown Scottsdale. Never tried their restaurant but I heard good things.The rooms are nice but the sound proofing is not very good, and the furniture could be updated. The shampoo they provide is really nice! It has a invigorating mint smell.Wifi has two options: free v premium (for a cost) too.Do note the $21.64 resort fee, a day! Since I did not use any amenities other the parking, I thought it was a little exorbitant.
2	Great hotel and extremely friendly workers. HOWEVER, the manager Katelyn is very rude. It's amazing that this woman still works here. She is very unfriendly and goes out of her way to NOT accomodate guests, while still holding a very condescending tone. I will not stay here again because of her.ALSO, whoever they use as a cab service was beyond inappropriate. Telling my girlfriend and I that we are sexy and that he was checking us out is disgusting and unprofessional.
3	Average rooms.  The decor is nice, but you can tell the rooms are old.  The spa is less than exciting, it's several private rooms, but no actual shared spa area.  The massage I had was ok, the therapist used more oil than I have ever seen before and I felt really gross by the time I left.  Wouldn't recommend it.  If you're in the heart of downtown Scottsdale, you can find much nicer places to stay.
5	Best service ever! Will definitely stay here again! Ricky, Alex and Michael came running to help with our bags. From check in to check out it was amazing! The free golf cart service was the icing on the cake. No can fare necessary :)
4	This was the second time that I stayed here on a business trip and once again I enjoyed my stay.  It must be mentioned that this is a boutique hotel, so don't go expecting a Hampton or Hilton type establishment.  Hotels of this type often buy older ones and make them up to their liking.   The place is colorful and has a Miami type feel to it.  One of the downfalls about this place and other boutique hotels are they tend to be old.  No matter how much paint a person adds, it still has old plumbing and things like that.  But with that said, it was also very very clean.  One of the best things about this place is that the staff is friendly and you can constantly see them working around the hotel.  The pool area is awesome and it looks like a fun place to hang out at.  I am sure that this place gets busy around spring training, but when I was here the whole area was a nice peaceful sleeping town.
5	Needed to head to Phoenix to visit family and saw a Groupon for the Saguaro... score! Check in on a Sunday- my room was available early so I got to spend a few extra hours lounging at the pool (another score!). Staff at Valet station and front desk were super friendly and helpful. Quick check in process and the room was gorgeous. They asked if I wanted to be near the "quiet pool" or the "pool that plays music"- I opted for quiet and glad I did. The large main pool plays music until late at night- might not bother some but that would drive me nuts. The quiet room was... very quiet! Huge bed, lots of counter space, desk space, cute table and chair in the room and large bathroom. The pool areas are quite amazing- lounge chairs, picnic tables, cabanas, private eating areas.. needless to say I spent a lot of time there. My visit was this past week so swimming in the heated pool in October was magical. I see reviews saying the bright colors are tacky but I really liked the design of the hotel- it was different and cheery. Hotel designs are so boring sometimes- not this one. I did not dine at the restaurant, but we had room service a few times and it was delish. (Carne asada... Mmmm.. ) The location is great- close to my favorite restaurants (Orange Table, AZ88) and my kids loves the grassy park area and library right across the street. Central to getting around Scottsdale and Phoenix. I usually find something to complain about at hotels because I'm such a homebody and don't like leaving my own space, but this hotel was really great and I enjoyed my visit. I will definitely stay here again the next time I visit AZ.
5	I have stayed here twice and will definitely be back. The decor is very "Southwest modern". Lots of bright colors, everything looks very sharp. The staff has been great both times I've stayed. Everyone from the valet staff to housekeeping seems very genuinely friendly. The front desk staff have great recommendations on things to do in the area.The rooms are a bit on the small side, but the layout is very efficient and modern, so the size didn't bother me. The toiletries are great, I would probably go back for those alone!My one caveat would be that it can be a bit of a party hotel, and due to the location in Old Town Scottsdale, some of the rooms can be a bit noisy. On first stay, there seemed to be plenty of people around having a good time, even late at night. On my second stay, my room was around the "designated quiet pool", and it was a much calmer scene. If noise bothers you, be sure to request one of these rooms!I haven't been able to check out the dining or spa yet, but the offerings look good and I'm sure there will be future opportunities for me to try them.
4	I didn't really choose this hotel. It was the hotel priceline had given me. But after booking it I looked at their website and the place looked fun.After reading a couple of reviews on the place they all were good, some okay! But one said something about 21 bucks a day resort fee. I didn't really think anything of it. I was stuck with the hotel anyway, because I had already prepaid for it, so why sweat the small stuff.When the car dropped me off at the resort, it was really tropical looking and the staff was so friendly. It was kind of weird that the place didn't have a ramp to pull your bags up. But the staff offered to keep your bags at the valet desk while you check in. The girl at the front desk was very nice and informed me about that 21 dollar resort fee. You know if it was one of the warmer months, I wouldn't mind paying the 21 dollar a day fee because I would be using all of the amenities. But I wasn't going to let it ruin my trip.The room was cute. I obviously had the "hotwire" room because my balcony was big enough to fit one person. And on the top floor over the trees, so I couldn't see anything at all. But it was cool.The pool was beautiful. It was too cold to get in. I did use the gym everyday. It was big for a hotel gym, so that was good. And the equipment was modern as well.Over all the hotel was cool. They didn't have a store there to buy things like snacks and drinks late at night. Which kinda bothered me a little one night I was thirsty. I ended up drinking the hotels 5 dollar water on the counter. Booooo!!! Minus the 21 dollar resort fee in the winter and not having a store on the premises it wasn't so bad.
4	Mid-century Pop-art meets desert style.Everything is bright, colourful and cool. There's some funky artwork and eclectic touches, and it's in great condition.  They've got two large pools and a hot tub, in excellent condition and very clean. The gym is large and bright, with high quality new condition equipment and also very clean.The rooms are fun, stylish, and have crazy uber comfy beds. If it weren't for the warm Arizona sunshine (and my alarm clock) begging me to get up, I never would have left.Downsides? While the walls and floors seemed really solid, the doors didn't stop any noise. If you've got a room that connects to another room using a double door, you can hear everything in the next room. With noisy neighbours, this would be a real big problem, and would have drastically changed my experience at the Saguaro. Luckily, the person in the room next to me was respectful, but I could still hear every cough and conversation word for word.  I probably should have let him know... Now I feel like a creep.
5	Love this place...everything about this hotel is as good as it gets, as long as you are not expecting some kind of old timer style hotel. This hotel is great and of the contemporary moment with great and simple facilities, clean clean rooms and an AMAZING staff. We had some  simple easy issues and they were resolved immediately. The staff is so kind, the food is delicious... the drinks are awesome....! What's great is the design of the space and the communal spaces are so well designed...The Saguaro is in the center of old Scottsdale so its within walking distance to things and if you have a car, even better. yes there is a nominal resort fee, but it covers parking, Internet and newspapers.. Bravo to the Saguaro for keeping things hip, simple, modern and positive..Cant wait to return..:)
5	What a find. Funky and fun place really convenient to Old Towne Scottsdale. Service very friendly and accommodating. Restaurant Distrito in hotel excellent quality. Part of Garces group. Could put microwaves in rooms/ we had a suite which did not have one- we're told none of the rooms do .  Will come back next time in Scottsdsle.
4	Great hotel for the price. I would definitely stay here again on my next trip. Location is perfect.
5	Super cute.. The staff are all extremely friendly and helpful.. I love the atmosphere of the place .. I come into town every other week and this is my first choice of where to stay..
5	The staff was super helpful and friendly, the rooms were clean and cute and I loved all the pool areas.  I will defiantly try a 'stay-cation' here this summer.
5	I like to stay here during escapades to Old Town. It's got an upbeat vibe that prepares you for the night. You can relax by the pool the morning after and reflect upon your wise decisions of the prior night, much like Simba sat by that lake and saw his dad. If you see Mufasa after a night of drinking, you're likely still drunk. Protip #1: pool parties here during the summer - go to them. Protip #2: head to the valet stand before you go out and they will call you a pedi-cab. Wait times apply during busy hours but at least you don't have to flag one down yourself. Protip #3: if you get a coupon for free guacamole at Distrito, the in-house restaurant, make sure to get some. It's a gateway drug to the amazing food served there. Don't fight it. Rich's recommendation: Saguaro is great for a vacation or a place to gather some friends before a night out. It's hip and trendy without being pretentious.
5	Absolutely love the vibrant colors and art at this hotel. Our room was clean and comfortable, not to mention fun! I just found a new favorite place to stay in Scottsdale.
2	I was not impressed by this hotel. Between the toilet taking 5 minutes to flush, to the hotel staff that they sent to fix the toilet, not great.Not to mention the fact that this place has an obvious colorful type of theme that they're incapable of maintaining. The paint is chipping EVERYWHERE. The bed, the doors, the walls, overall, they need to hire a better team to repaint this place.Now their restaurant Distrito on the other hand is great, but that's the only thing that this hotel has going for them.
2	An older property that has been somewhat rehabbed and hip-i-fied.  But rusty bathroom fixtures, scuffed woodwork, clogged toilet plumbing, a non-working TV in my room are evidence that keeping this place up as a first class destination is a losing battle.Other minor annoyances: Rowdy guests who scream 11pm,  constant loud Electronic Dance Music at the pool, long lines at reception check-in with just 2 desk clerks on duty. The #1 asset = the location in the nicest part of old town Scottsdale. And just a 5 minute walk to the SF giants cactus league spring training camp stadium. I stayed 5 nights. Would I return?  Probably not.
4	Perfect combination of relaxing and social. The employees are all very kind and helpful, especially the bellhops/valets. Can't wait to spend another 48 hrs here!
5	Pool was terrific.  Room was great.  Old Town Scottsdale was a trip.  Me and my girlfriend had an absolute blast.Special note*** Aurora at the front desk took great care of us.  She even surprised us by buying a bottle of red wine for my girlfriend on her birthday!  Who does that?!  High recommendations.
1	Resort fee is bogus.  Hotel hosted radio station party at pool, opened it up to public, leaving no room for guests.  I was told by manager that guests should reserve their chair at 9am if they want a spot.  A lot for pleasing the customer. We will be  spending our money elsewhere next time
4	We had a wonderful time at the Saguaro over Memorial Day weekend.  We only stayed one night, but it was a great one!  My husband and I had already been in town for a wedding, so we stopped by after reserving online to see if we could get an early check-in.  The staff was extremely accommodating and we were in our room in no time.  The entire place is filled with such fun decor!  Bright colors, cute graphic design, very southwest.  The pools were fun - poolside beds as well as lounges.  However, if you don't like dance club music, maybe request to stay in a room away from the main pool.  Over the weekend the BOOM BOOM BOOM went for hours until about 9 p.m.  It was fine for us, but I could see that being annoying for others.  I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 because the fees were totally confusing.  We reserved through the hotel's website and were given a "discount".  When there was a $15 charge for service and fees, I assumed that included the resort fee.  It wasn't until checkout that we were charged a resort fee.  Very weird.  Why wouldn't you just ask for that up front?  Other than that, it was a wonderful experience.  We would stay here again.  Close to the Old Town Scottsdale area too which was fun for dinner!
5	We had a great time at the saguaro this past weekend. The staff was great, the pool was awesome, the rooms were nice and comfortable. I got a massage at the spa and it was wonderful. Heather was amaaaaaazing!!!! Highly recommended! It is a 2 minute walk to old town and to a bunch of cute little shops. Right outside of distrito is the civic center with beautiful fountains and greenery. All around a wonderful experience.
5	We stayed here last month for my fiancee's birthday. We had an awesome time. The pool was a lot of fun, everyone was super friendly. Especially Megan Gladney and Crystal Benjamin they really went above and beyond. Would stay again.
5	Great vibe, friendly helpful staff, funky throwback details in the rooms, bright colors, nice pool and spa, delicious restaurant Distrito on the property, valet parking included, phenomenal fitness center, perfect Old Town location, the list goes on and on! No complaints, I will continue to stay here on business trips for the foreseeable future.
5	Beautiful hotel, very nice restaurant.
2	The hotel has a bright and colorful theme going for it.  At first glance, it seems great.  However, there is debris in the pool and all over the chairs.  I had to tip my chair over before laying on it because of all the plant particles.  I do understand that there are a lot of trees around the pool and some of this is inevitable but it did appear that no one was attempting to keep up with this.I live in Phoenix, had a hectic work week and decided to play vacation at the resort.  The two main reasons we chose this resort is that it has pool service and a spa.  My game plan for the day was to lay by the pool, have someone bring me mojitos, and get a massage.  I walked in the door and was charged a resort fee.  I feel like renting a room at the resort should pay for me to use the resort.  When I got to the pool, I discovered that there is no pool service on Monday.  It was a Monday so I was out of luck.  I did see a phone on the wall that says call #### for service.  When I called to order a drink, the girl on the phone told me that there was pool service and that I should wait.  So, I waited 10 more minutes and called her back to tell here that there is clearly no one working here.  She insisted that someone would be with me shortly.  So, I started walking to the restaurant to get a drink.  The valet guys stopped me to inform me of the phone on the wall and that the girl on the phone should know that there is no pool service on Mondays.  Eventually, someone brought me a drink and never came back.  I was again charged a random extra fee for my drink.  I was also charged a random extra fee for the bottle of water that I drank later on.  I think this hotel is clearly not doing well so they are trying to nickel and dime you to death with all of their lame fees.   Then, I tried to book my massage only to find out that again I was out of luck.  The spa is closed on Mondays.  I was completely unimpressed and will not be back.
1	This was hands down the worst experience I have had in a long time, including my recent hospital visits.  The staff was not only rude, but looked you in the eye & lie to your face.  Hidden charges, (25.00 per night to park your car for starters), no internet, poor air conditioning just to name a few.  They did, however, have big pillows. That was the highlight of our stay.
1	I booked this room on-line and was told it was a 4 star Resort. NOT .. This is one of the worst places I have ever stayed in Scottsdale, Az. Not only do you have to pay for a room you have to also pay $25.00 parking fee which I was never informed about. The rooms are older rooms with older wall unit A/C's that won't even cool down the room.  I would not recommend this place to anyone. It may be marked as 4 stars but it is more like a 1 star.. The only thing I can say positive about the stay is the pillow's were nice. I also forgot to add that as far as the internet service it was 3 megabytes and slow,slow slow.....plus while I was in the middle of something the internet went off .   It is an older place that has bright paint wanting to pretend that it is newer and up to date. NOT. I WOULD NOT STAY HERE EVER AGAIN even if they offered me a free night.
4	We stayed at The Saguaro on a summer Saturday to celebrate my birthday. I've passed it a million times before and dig the retro vibe. I am always drawn to those bright colors like a moth to a flame - gets me every time. We got a great rate/package online that came with a cheap room with upgrade upon availability, a "VIP daybed" at the pool with a pitcher of sangria, and 4 p.m. checkout time the next day. Why the hell not?!The room was comfy and cozy and really cute. The beds and pillows were lovely and inviting. We had a view of the smaller pool with an interesting copper water feature. I also liked all the little "throwback" artifacts in the room as props, such as books and an old camera, something different. They took care of us at the pool, where they were having a "pool party" that day. Service was nice and our VIP daybed kept us relaxed and shaded during the heat of the day. The sangria wasn't the best I've tasted, but it was free afterall. It's in the perfect location, we are locals so we called golf carts to come take us to some bars, but it's easy to walk places too.The next day our room keys wouldn't work anymore, despite having confirmed our late checkout time. We had to walk back and forth to the front desk three times because of this issue. Finally, the man helping us unlock the door said he'd bring us a free pitcher of sangria for our troubles, which helped. He was kind and apologetic. 4 p.m. checkout was awesome because we got to enjoy the pool for another whole day (after brunch of course). I think this is a fun place for a staycation and would highly recommend. Good value for the money.
4	I highly recommend this hotel for it's wonderful customer service. I booked a trip there for me and my girlfriends for September, but unfortunately cannot go due to work conflicts. I then realized I actually booked a non-refundable room and they reimbursed me! I know most hotels/resorts do not do much to help you in this kind of situation, but this hotel did thankfully. I hope to get to Saguaro in the near future.
2	Beds are horrible and the shower assembly is straight out of 1950.When you pull the shower activator (didn't know what else to call it)is a 70/30 split with 70 percent of the water coming out of the faucet.  And it has some water banging sound. Rediculous!  The bed was so loud from just rolling over getting comfortable and you sink in way to spongy thinking they need to replace them oh and be careful not to bang your leg on the bed frame. Not coming back
4	Cool place.  The staff is really friendly from the valet attendants/bell hops to the front desk and pool staff.  We had an event there recently and had a great time.The rooms, while hip, are a little bit lacking compared to other local hotels.  This is a 'boutique' hotel so you kinda have to take that into consideration when assessing your expectation levels.
4	If you want to be close to Old Town but not too close (to all of the clubs) I recommend staying here!  Saguaro is a fun/hip/trendy hotel nestled right near all of the best restaurants in Old Town (Citizen Public House, The Mission, AZ 88, Orange Table...to name a few).  The hotel is no where near 5 star but the beds are comfortable and the rates are reasonable...you get what you pay for!  Definitely will stay here again when I visit Scottsdale.
3	The style of this place is awesome. And the service at the front desk, the valet, and the restaurant is also. However, the age of the place shows in some places. The rooms had thin walls, and you could also smell when people were smoking outside.The bed was not comfortable.
3	When my husband and I arrived here for a weekend getaway, I loved the vibe that the lobby gives straightaway, and the staff was very pleasant.  It definitely isn't a regular "hotel", as your room isn't entirely enclosed within a building, but it's not a motel.  I found it to have a "Euro" vibe, strangely enough.  They offer valet parking, but it's much more convenient to self-park, with the layout of the property.  There is a resort fee which is clearly explained up front, that covers parking, pool, fitness, etc.... all of the regular things a fee would include.When we started settling in, I loved the room, the location (close to old town, but not TOO close), but things went downhill over two days.  I'll try to keep it short, but essentially it was a bunch of smaller things that added up.  The shower had one setting, the AC worked very poorly (we would walk in from 110 degree weather and feel great,m but after a little while, get hot, because the room wouldn't cool any further, it was a very outdated system), the walls were really thin and we only noticed the second night, when a baby was screaming next door for about 40 minutes (of course this happens, and since it was in the middle of the night, we called to request a late check-out... they said to call back in the morning and check (???) - my husband called back early morning, and he said it sounded as if they were reading off of a script... that they had too many check-ins that day (Sunday August 17th...) so our request could not be accommodated (couldn't they have realized this the night before?), and any movement on their beds, including climbing in quietly as to not wake your spouse in the middle of the night was very noisy/loud/easily felt... it was impossible to move on the bed without it creaking (and be careful not to trip over the bed frame that sticks out on the bottom of the beds)... it was just a sub par experience overall, but most of the staff was great.
1	This by far has to be my worst experience at a hotel. Thank god I didn't pay for this crappy place. My employer did. This place is super old and run down. The only modern thing I saw was the tv in the room and that they have WiFi. The worst part for me was the bathroom. They work fine if your only going to urinate. But if by any chance you need to do #2.... You might want to say a little prayer and hope it flushes. Because there is a high probability it won't and everything will start overflowing on the floor.. I feel bad for whoever has to clean it up because I sure ain't going to do that..
4	Poolside on Sundays with House Music makes the fact its hot out. Plenty of shade and also family friendly. I don't have kids, but its nice to go somewhere without people showing their ass. The only downside is the pricing for drinks. I'm a Jameson on the rocks girl and $12 for that is eh. The food is cool.
4	Nice stay-cation location. Made the mistake of booking a pool-view room. Not really a view with all the trees in the way. But the music goes till about 10pm. Pictures on website might be a little bit nicer than in real life.  Overall decent and will probably try to visit again and book a different room.
4	Lovely place to stay in Scottsdale, close to bars/restaurants and the main downtown area. Staff was friendly and welcoming. The pool area, hallways, rooms and lobby were clean! The whole hotel has a great South Beach vibe to it, perfect for a vacationing couple or relaxing weekend getaway. Although we only stayed less than 24 hours in Scottsdale, the hotel is a place I'd definitely stay at again if we ever find ourselves back in the area!
2	I thought this place would be cool and hip judging from the pictures. The lobby is impressive. But the actual hotel (disconnected from the lobby area) is really just crap. It is definitely a "lipstick on a pig" scenario. Clearly an old dilapidated motel gussied up with bright colors in an attempt to make it seem modern and hip. But it has like no maintenance going on. Bright colors aren't as fun when the paint is way overdo for being redone. The bathroom tile and fixtures are disgusting. All sorts of drips and broken grout and air conditioning unit loud noises. Popcorn ceiling. Weird decor that can't quite decide what it wants to be - is it supposed to be ironic? Is it supposed to be retro? Is it supposed to be outdoorsy? It's just a lot of random elements and bright colors trying to hide the fact that you are indeed staying in an overpriced crap hole. And a 22 dollar resort fee? Outrageous. Stay away unless you get a real good special rate.
3	This place is interesting to say the least. The room that we were in did not have any emergency fire sprinklers. We contemplated having a bonfire since we wouldn't have to worry about the drowning ourselves by accident. The 3rd floor ledges are angled strange. If you were to trip with the sliding glass door open, you would very easily slide down 3 stories to meet the grim reaper. The room setup looked similar to something out of a 1970's adult film. Yes, that kind. With all of the hair. I couldn't help but feel the bathroom and it's door had a similar setup to a gas chamber. While gas may be released in the bathroom, it definitely made it a little uncomfortable. I did however get a lovely view of someone's backside from the rectangular window that is attached to the door. I think we can agree that we both got a free show while I was in the shower. The biggest issue with the whole entire room however was the lamps. The lamps looked very similar to a Pope hat. I spent countless hours attempting to unscrew the lamp in order to get a funny picture of me wearing said "Pope" hat. I'm never going to be the Pope. It would have been a nice family friendly Kodak moment. And I would've gladly put it back the way it originally was supposed to be. I was left extremely disappointed when I left with the lack of any Pope hat pictures. It was upsetting enough to make me consider never staying at the hotel itself again. However, the food is amazing. The staff is very nice, even when requesting plungers (long story), and the memories made there are unforgettable. Despite the fact there were several cases where life could be compromised. Also they need metal signs that are not as sharp. Someone we know may need a Tetanus shot due to sharp metal signs in the area. PS: Please make the lamps more Pope hat friendly.
4	The Saguaro was a bright pop of fun! I loved the colourful decor, and the lobby area is covered in really interesting, unique art. I instantly felt like I'd stepped into a cool place. The woman at the front desk was very welcoming, and checked me in quickly and efficiently while giving me the speedy run down of where to find the pool etc. The hotel's location is absolutely unbeatable, steps to the cheesalicious old town in Scottsdale which is packed with shops and restaurants to explore. When you're done with walking, there are two awesome pools to choose from, both of which have the option of lounge chairs or full on beds. Not even kidding! So cool.My room was a little dark, but faced onto the lovely public grassy area behind the hotel: this was great but did make me reluctant to open my patio doors as there was no fence or barrier to the public. The decor continued in the same fun, vibrant tones, although you could tell it was an older hotel that had been spruced up - there were still older patches showing through in some areas. The bed was comfy and all possible amenities were catered for - even a cute little booklet outlining the local area, as well as some handy tips (like how to pronounce saguaro!!)It's a cute hotel with a great location - I'd recommend it.
4	Cool, funky boutique hotel in old town Scottsdale. Nice central location to walk around for dinner or a drink. Loved the quirky popculture art in the lobby. Staff was friendly and room was clean and comfortable. Will definitely pop in again next time in Scottsdale.
3	3.5 StarsI stayed at this hotel this past weekend for a wedding. My friend I was rooming with was already check in, so the check in process was rather easy. I just went to the front desk and retrieve the key she left for me. Positives:- Great customer service. Cleaning staff even help me get into my dress (darn zipper!!)- I lock myself out of my room and staff member I ran into help me get back in with no problem- Nice pool with chairs in shady areas as well (Definitely a positive)Cons:- Lobby is quite a distance from the rooms- I didn't really care for the colors of the hotel rooms. I thought it looked sort of dingy- Weird lightening in the bathroom, so I had a hard time putting on my makeup- We were on the second floor which faced out to a street, so had to have the blinds closed the whole time. I love natural light so that was sort of a bummer.The highlight of my stay was the great staff! I don't come to Phoenix often, but this would be an option when I visit again depending on the price/discounts.
4	We always try and stay at new boutique hotels when we travel so we gave this one a shot.  I was very happy with everything.   The decor is fun and vibrant. The bed was comfortable. Room size was fine.   The staff is extremely helpful.  The location is great!!! Just a few feet away from the Center for Performing Arts, several great restaurants,  a Starbucks, a breakfast spot, etc.  My only complaint would be thin walls!!!! As with any older hotel,  the walls are paper thin and we the unfortunate experience of rooming next to a crying baby.
2	You can find better for the price.
2	I stay here 4-8 weeks out of the year for business. We bring both large & small groups here. Hotel staff is outstanding! Proximity to restaurants, shoppes, bars, etc., is perfect! Gym, pools, are great! You get used to the old creaky beds & the sub par AC in the summer, so that's not an issue, for me.Restaurant is a little slow, but the food is good & we get good customer service. However... the internet is terrible. Makes it so hard to work on business when in your room. Since there's very minimal cell service in the rooms, you're reliant upon internet to get any kind of reception. As much money that is dumped into this hotel every year by my company, this is definitely an inprovement that MUST be made. It's so incredibly frustrating to not have reliable internet in nearly 2015, especially for as many business travelers that this hotel has.
2	Thank God I brought my iPad, I couldn't even get online with their 'wifi' on my computer so couldn't do any real work and the front desk thought it was my problem??? also get more then one person to work the front desk.  When I checked in there were 3 valets, one front desk person so I waited 20 minutes to check in and her computer froze too!!! I booked on Hotwire and so they do an extra $25 a day "service" charge??? never had this with hotwire before, what rip off.  Great location, just bad management.
1	100% would not give this hotel a chance, had a work Christmas party less thAn 2 miles away, came in my room and got kicked out! Less than 5 minutes of being in the room, Nd hard core rude making u feel like a criminal kicked out fromA hoodlum prospectiveIf we wanna go there, stating I was being loud and needed to be evicted within 5 min. It's a hotel room and I'm paying u, not vice versa.. First n last time staying there and would never recommend my out of state family to stay here. Nope, it was a Completely ridiculous situation. Had plans for the next day even.
3	I stayed at The Saguaro 2 years ago and remember it being just okay, but I recently stayed here again for 2 nights due to points and feel my overall impression of the place was basically the same...Pros - 2 pools, which have a great scene in the warm months. Pet friendly (no fee). Location. You're in the middle of old town and really can't get a better location if you want to walk to bars, restaurants and shopping. All rooms have a balcony/private patio area. Cons - the place is just dingy which makes it feel dirty, like really dirty. The bed is loud. There's a $22/night "resort" fee, which they charge tax on so it comes to $25/night. You WILL hear your neighbors. Bathroom is tiny, dated and has a sliding door offering little privacy. I think depending on what you want, this isn't a terrible choice, but I definitely don't think it's worth more than $100/night.
1	Usually, I have had wonderful experiences at the saguaro, but last night, New year's eve 2015 was a most unpleasant exception. We were told that there would be the usual exceptional chef Garza inspired dishes for a buffet,and drinks,as well as music. It sounded like a lot of fun, but what we found for our combined price for two of nearly $350 was a long drink line, a very small cup of salad, and not even a coat check. It was a shame that some very scamey promoters made a mockery of what was a very nice hotel which usually has very good food and service. I am wondering if the owners of the hotel chain that owns the saguaro know what a mess their usually lovely hotel was reduced to. We travel often, and consider the saguaro our, home away from home ,when in Arizona. At this point, I will be making other choices.
3	Not a big fan of the rampant smoking everywhere and the loud families smoking in the quiet pool, but the pools were gorgeous.  The room left much to be desired, they were brightly painted but slightly run down feeling, stains on the bed frame and walls, and the mini fridge didn't work.  The staff was very friendly, and although we didn't get a chance to borrow a bike, I loved the concept and the dispenser of cucumber water at the lobby was a nice touch .  Of course the one block walk to shopping was a big plus. The biggest plus was that we stayed free as part of an event package we had purchased, otherwise I would have not been as impressed.The spa staff was friendly, the services were inexpensive for being on holiday but the quality of services was so-so - I had a massage with an add on service and a facial - they fit me in last minute, but possibly the staff was overworked because I didn't really feel much better after either.  There wasn't too hard of a hard sale on products, though they had some waiting at checkout for me.The loud thumping of music was the only serious negative, it was every night, almost all night from the hotel bar.
