4	Not what I expected, Better. A wide selection of toys LeLo and the like with tons of lingerie and shoes! Body glitter and bindi; fun fun fun. Reasonable prices. The outside is plain and does not do justice to what they offer inside.Think 50 Shades meets Victoria's Secret. Yes they have movies and magazines but their selection of books (instructional) and body lotions, potions, creams and lube is larger than their movie collection.What I was not expecting was their selection of gag gifts! Too much fun!!Deff worth a shopping trip. They do parties and I just might have to invite the girls out for a great night.
5	Clean store, friendly and knowledgable staff, and great selections. Variety of plus size lingerie. Out of the way but would definitely return!
2	Ya, OK, it is a adult toy store right.. Sometimes I want to go look at things I might buy on Amazon.. Seriously. This store is a bit over priced, they all are in my opinion, anywho.. I just want to snoop around in stores like this, I have no interest in chatting it up with the sales staff. SERIOUSLY, if I need your help I will ask. So I walk in and the sales staff says hi, I say hi and move on in.. now she is following me.."Is there anything I can help you find?" Nope, I'm good... She is still on me, "Well we have x and y and this and that" Uh, ya thanks I'm good.. SERIOUSLY? I have a rough idea of whats in here, leave me alone sheeesh!The sales staff is inappropriate and nosy, unless you like to feel like you have stepped onto a used car lot from the 1980's... come on people a bit of decorum! UUGGHHH.. Will not be back..However, if you have zero idea of what to do with the things you find in here, I am pretty sure the sales staff could give you detailed instructions ANNOYING..
5	Friendly and Knowledgeable staff. This place has high quality products and fair pricing for this type of retail store. I highly recommend them.
1	Worst prices on lube.. terrible decorum..  bad customer service.  Don't shop here.  YOU will get ripped off
3	I checked out this place purely because it's location was the shortest distance to travel . Upon entering I walked in at the same time as this really old gentleman. We were greeted upon entry and carded. Now I get being safe rather then sorry but I am 30 years old and the other guy had to be pushing 60+ . So it took me by surprise. This isn't my first time coming to a adult store however it's the most uncomfy vibe I have ever gotten from one.My personality is the type that when I get flustered I make jokes so I called myself old and pretended to be flattered. I forget for other females who may be older than I am it's offensive to call myself OLD because that makes them ancient . I quickly had to go on the defense explaining that I was joking around . It just was strange.I got a chance to walk about 5 steps before a male employee came up to me while I'm checking out this toy that you can create your own sperm for it to shoot out . I am laughing and he says "excuse the mess we are remodeling" . Now I am all about customer service but I truly just was there to browse for any sale items  . I don't like being bombarded with tons of questions or shadows.  I have no shame in wanting to spice things up in the bedroom but I also don't really want to feel like I am a criminal that might steal or someone who needs help picking out xxx store. I'm guessing the staff is encouraged to engage every customer and to up sell products I just wish they would learn some tact as to when to use the charm. If I was there for something specific I would of been able to get in and get out really fast because they have plenty of people working the sales floor and everyone was really nice.The selection of items they have available and cleanliness of this store was good. They have everything spread out all over the store though so I didn't care for the layout .Price wise they are overpriced . Which is common at most adult stores I've been to but this was my first Vegas adult store so it's hard to compare . I'm notorious for being really cheap so I typically order my adult items online . I did find a few items on sale but the clearance section was very tiny. While I was looking at that rack the lady who carded me came (no name tag in sight )back and asked what brought me in today . I advised her that I was just looking. She started to try to probe me for more info. It almost felt like she was asking my fantasies. Point blank I ended up telling her I just want to browse and asked her to take the stuff I already decided to purchase up at the counter.The last area I checked out was the lube /condom/edible/stimulant shelf. I didn't like the selection of that at all.  I ended up just going to the very front of the store and browsing the trial size lubes. They only had two different brands and as I was trying to read the info off the tiny little packets I was yet again questioned. This time though it was a wonderful chick named Jaime. She was sweet and knowledgeable about the products . She advised about her personal favorites and earned herself a tip by being genuine..Yes I said TIP. They have a jar at the register that is soliciting tips. That's usually a pet peeve  of mine but all three employees i came across were at least trying to work hard for their tips. Be warned though tips are cash only you can't add it to your card.I'd recommend this place to someone who isn't super shy or has any shame about going to a adult store. I can see it going wrong in so many ways for anyone who has shame. I also don't think id bring my boyfriend there because the staff would end up butting in on any convos and would kill the mood.  I will make my way to this place again onlyIf one of the fancy organic lubes merit a full bottle purchase. I ended up spending around $55 on the sale items I got. My favorite was the candy whip I got for 3.99. The look on my boyfriends face that I got a candy wip was priceless. The selection of bdsm stuff was a whole wall but it was sectioned by company brand instead of product type and I lost patience trying to find the prices. I don't like the placement or their price tags or their layout but I went with three stars because it was A-OK...
