4	I love this shop....great environment. Almost feels like a spa. Van does an amazing job. They almost always fit you in at any time and there are always great coupons in the mail. Don't miss the spa pedicure and spring for the paraffin wax!
1	Just terrible service, rude and unprofessional.  Pedi polish was done well but  massage, sugar scrub and hot stone massage were done rushed and with an attitude like I was bothering her by being there for service.  Mani was a nightmare.  The gel on both thumb nails crinkled up and looked wrinkly and bumpy.  She tried to "cover up" the error 8x and then refused to do them over again when they still looked awful.  She and the owner kept telling me how pretty they looked, and refused to admit that the nails looked obviously horrible.  Some other nails didn't get the polish evenly applied, and they wouldn't even talk about that either.  They were pointing at me and talking & laughing.  It was so frustrating.  I will not only never go back there, I will be telling everyone I know to stay away.  This place was a very pricey bad nail experience for me.
1	If I could give this place ZERO stars I would. This is the second time I have left there so unhappy. The first time my Fiance and i went in and got mani's and pedi's. they were rude to both of us and acted like they hated every second of us being there. I THOUGHT it was probably just a fluke and I gave them another shot this afternoon. ... and I wish I hadn't. I only had limited time so i picked my pink color and asked for just a regular manicure. THe girl then proceded to tell me that that the pink wouldn't look good on me. I should just do a french manicure with pink tips.I said no I just want them to be all pink. She said "It no look good, to much pink for you" I thought she was joking bc who the hell says that??!! ... but she wasn't. She then told me well its only going to last 2 days with this color. So i said 'Oh is it a bad brand should i pick another brand'? and she said 'no you can do gel manicure'. I again said nope JUST the REGULAR manicure, and she shook her and and said ok but it is going to chip because your nails are so OILY..... WHAT??? AGAIN who says that ... in all my years getting manicures I have never had issues with my nails being to oily for a manicure. This literally went on for like 5 min and I should have just left. The manicure she gave me was TERRIBLE and she was so sloppy with the clipping ( she wacked them off, and the edges were like razor sharp) filing( so uneven, I had to tell her to fix spots)  and the paint job was uneven and lumpy. I literally felt like crying she was just SUCH a b*%&*h and so bad at her job. In all my years I have never NOT tipped and I did not giver her a dime more than the $12 it cost me to have this done to my nails. I just couldn't tip her. It was that bad. I WILL NEVER EVER GO HERE AGAIn... there are waaaaay to many other places to give your business too in the area.
1	The only thing that's nice about this nail salon is the layout and pretty sky ceiling. Besides that, the people who work there don't give a crap, their massages are shitty and they burnt both me and my friends legs with their hot rocks. For what we got, their prices were outrageous! I won't pay a dime to come back here. They also told me my daughters polish change would be $3 and then charged me $5 without letting me know!
1	Went to Julie's once before and had a great experience. So I returned today. They bumped me to three different nail techs ( ?).   I guess they had to bump me to yet another tech to appease a regular?? Looked that way. Well the second tech had already started removing my gel polish.   Filing and scraping.   Then the third one. Wanted to start all over. I told her he had already filed.  I told her doesn't the right hand know what the left had is doing here?   So I asked him to tell her where he had left off.  He did. She acted all exasperated.   That's when I walked out.  Nail salons are a dime a dozen won't waste my time on rude little girls.   Three techs in 10 minutes.  I guess my business isn't important enough to be treated as well as the woman I was bumped for. Not to mention. They made me move three times.   The last girl there received 50% tip. I'm an pretty generous tipper. Shiny Nails across the street will get my business.    I'll do my own before going back there.
5	The frescoic atmosphere entices everyone walking through that open door.  Airy and bright, the roman columns command that classy touch.Classy owner, classy environment and descent prices provide me my monthly escapes. Pedicures and sculptured nails are handled by talented, funny, and beautiful Ms. Van. She is a fiery personality that paints picturesques. Daring and thorough, she offers me the best of all services, including a chat and a smile !
4	Julie's nail salon is very good however it would be nice to have WiFi access to get work done while enjoying the pleasure of a pedicure!!! Come on Julie, get WiFi!!!!
5	I have been going to this nail shop for about a year. I usually go to Jan but, on occation I have had Van take care of my Pedicure. I always make an appointment & have never had to wait past my appt. time.  All the women that work for Julie  are very professional I enjoy getting a chair massage while Jan is working on me.What more could you ask for, pleasant atsmophere, well done services & a freindly tec.I will continue to go here.
5	I have been going here for years. Van used to do my pedi's at another salon that was a bit of a drive for me, so imagine my surprise when I walked in and there she was. I see her about once a month, my toes last that long!! Van is the best and always takes her time and is always happy!
