4	Getting away from the greasy hullabaloo of Plaza Midwood for a quick and healthy lunch (with Jared!) is easy at this Subway location.  It's large and just enough out of the way that there's always a seat.  It also happens to have nice bathrooms.  I can't remember the last time I  was at a Subway with nice bathrooms.  And they definitely get points for cleanliness.  However I'm withholding a star because the customer service can be sub-par.  The sandwich maker and cashier simply don't seem to want to talk much.  Maybe they were having a bad day when I visited.  I promise it's not my fault!
2	This is just a typical Subway. $5 for any footlong all month is a good deal, probably the only reason I would come here. Got viscously sick one time after eating a meatball sub here, last time I do that. Staff can't really be bothered to smile, forget about saying hi, and that really bugs me. Way better subs close by at Sub Station, or even across the street at Teeter! I probably won't be back.
3	This is now the closest subway to my residence.  Therefore I feel it behooves me to get to know my local subway and its employees as soon as possible, as I am nothing without subway once a week!With that being said, its a SUBWAY folks!  I will say that the one time I went here the cust. service wasn't on the spectacular side.  But that's OK.  Why?  Because my chicken bacon ranch sub WAS on the spectacular side!  They didn't short me on the cheese, veggies, or sauces.  I also like that there is parking here, in an otherwise crowded area where parking is ALWAYS scarce.  This is the subway for you, if you are in the Plaza Midwood area.
3	It's a Subway. I don't know what to say except that they were tidy and clean and my sandwich artist did a good job. Plenty of seating. Dessert is next door at Rita's and don't forget to stop into the used bookstore.
2	yo, this subway sucks. as soon as i walked in, a seemingly unsupervised small child followed me around needless staring at me. there was no one at the counter when i walked in. i stood there for about a minute and a half before a small hispanic woman popped up from behind the counter holding her cell phone. she then continued to make me a sriracha steak melt with the same gloves she was just texting with. she moved on to the next customer after putting my meat and cheese on the bread. it took about another three minutes for someone else to come to the counter and finish my sandwich. she then tried to charge me for both my sandwich and theperson next in line. when i told her that wasnt my order she scoffed at me and took my sandwich off of the tray and put it on the counter. i had to ask for my own tray and napkins. the bathrooms smelled awful and there was urine all over the toilet seat. 1/10 if this subway wasnt the only one in the neighborhood i would never come back here again yo.
1	Last three visits were totally unsatisfactory. I will not be back. Wrong sandwich took two additional visits to get a decent sandwich. That means customer before me got wrong sandwich too! No communication at all! Next time, there weren't enough ingredients on my footlong to even make a decent half sandwich. No communication. Last visit same with ingredients, Ordered a Club. Girl had no idea what I was talking about. Took two other girls to finally figure out what I wanted. It's plainly listed on the menu! After saying "Club" 5 times, I kept getting a blank stare. Tried to describe it and was met with another blank stare. Tried to point it out on the menu, another blank stare. She finally asked another girl and was told what I wanted.  Again, short on ingredients. No communication. Train your employees about your products and how to assemble them to maintain consistency. Put somebody in the store that can communicate in English to offer decent customer interaction with us English speaking Americans. Again, I will not go back to this location. I will go across the street to Harris Teeter or to Li's Banh Mi and get a much better sandwich.
1	This place is a disaster. Every experience is like a horror movie. The staff are limited English speaking which isn't typically an issue, but when you have to point to each ingredient because they have no idea what you have said (four times) then it is time to do some employee development.  The food is always fresh, but this business will never last as long as customer service is this terrible.  As a side, being a person who speaks Spanish, it is not polite to cuss in Spanish and assume no one can understand you!  Completely rude!
4	Clean and tidy. The sandwich I had there was perfect, I can't say that about too many subways. They are definitely not one of these subways that skimp on the toppings. I'll probably be driving out of my way to this one when I eat subway again. Only thing I didn't like is most of the people that work the lunch hour only speak Spanish and you have to point to what you want on your sub Lol.
