5	My cup runneth over. After my near-spiritual experience at Torres Cigar Factory I checked this place out the next day. Super, super friendly, and new enough that there are no cliques. The selection is not overwhelming, but he has all the favorites. Best of all, he has a very nice, comfy lounge/club area that is...ready for this...FREE!!! I like Tinder Box, but whenever I am there and want to have a cigar I feel like a steerage-class passenger on the Titanic. All the "special" people that can afford it are in the club, while the rest of us hoi polloi are outside in 3rd class. I live practically across the street from Tinder Box, which is a fine store, but it is worth it to me to drive down the road to this place.
5	Stopped by here for a gift for my buddy NBOD.Jim greeted me as I entered the establishment, and asked how he could help.  I mentioned that I was looking for a gift for a friend.After some qualifying questions, he suggested specific items from his stock, describing each.After I told him I was with Yelp, he offered to give me a tour.  They have a room in the back.  It is Byob. Beer & wine only.They have an 8 ft conference table, poker area, and dual flat panels. It's all free for the use, and all they ask is that you purchase your cigars there.
2	Drove past this place the other night and made a note to stop by and check it out. Well tonight's the night. I must say that it's a modest, nicely laid out location with a small but good selection. That's about where the fun ends though. It hasn't been often that I've walked into a cigar shop (almost anywhere for that matter) where I haven't felt welcomed, but I have to say, this is one of those shops. I'm not sure if it's because of the great time I just had at Majerle's or if I was interrupting the game (which I came in to watch) but I simply "wasn't feeling the love."I smoked an Arturo Fuente Hemmingway which was perfectly moist and relaxed with my iPad for most of my visit. The clerk (proprieter?) literally said three words to me the whole time "cigar?," "$9.99" and "Thanks."  No offers of joining the rest of the guys, where you from?, what do you like to smoke?, not even "Do you want to smoke here? Need matches, etc" Although the guy after me at least got the last question. All in all, a pretty disappointing visit. Selection was ok, but I can find that anywhere along with a bit of camaraderie. Therefore I'll take my business and friends elsewhere next time. If you decide to check it out, I hope you have a more enjoyable time.
4	I by chance stopped here while in my stay in Arizona.As you can see I live in Los Angeles where smoking lounges are a rare find.I was so delighted with Cubano's.You can tell alot of love is paid in the attention and care.Friendly staff and a great selection of all your favorite cigars.Great source for a gift as well they have a very nice selection of cutters and lighters.The establishment is very clean and well filtered along with lots of leather seating with couches and classy wing back chairs.They host NFL games (or anything you want to watch) with plenty of tv's to watch the game of your choosing.Cubano's also has a seperate area for your private card games.It's just simply a very cool spot.The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because this place isn't in LA.
4	This place is great! So much variety as well as some food recommendations. I'm not am avid smoker, but like to celebrate with my friends, and a once a year type of habit goes well with their great suggestions.
1	OUT of business !!!!  Don't waste your time !!!!
1	closed.
