5	I consider Dicks to be by far the best sporting good store in Charlotte or the surrounding areas. It has pretty much everything from basketball equipment to under armor clothing. They also carry things like exercise equipment, guns, heart monitors, weight lifting gear, etc, etc.They even have a climbing wall (at least the one at South Park mall does).
3	This Dick's in Pineville has your typical sporting goods found at other locations.  Seems like there is a better selection of running shoes at this store than the others I have been to in the area.Also, even though the building seems fairly large, the clothing and shelves are really packed in - I got a little claustrophobic walking through and browsing the men's section.
3	It is a good alternative to BassPro and a much shorter drive for me. The selections are a bit limited but for the most part I can find what I need. Since they have renovated the store their hunting supplies have increased a little but would like to see a bit more.
3	Not the best shopping for firearms accessories, but I managed to find something that fit my needs. Dick's (you do need to spell out the entire dickssportinggoods.com because just the first name and dot com gets you a completely different type of indoor sports) has a great selection of things that you wear when you plan on engaging in sporting and camping activities - shoes, gloves, shorts, shirts, hats - and anything that you might use to hit a ball  - bat, stick, club. Plus things to use when you're out in the woods. If the zombie apocalypse happens and the world ends, this would be a good first stop.Wide aisles and good choices. Checkout is as organized and quick as it can be. No complaints.
3	Oh Dick's!  Bet you never started a review like that before.You never cease to underwhelm me with your mediocrity.  We sort of have good stuff, we sort of have OK prices.  We sort of want customers to be loyal.  What gives?I used to frequent Dicks all the time.  Mainly due to lack of better options.  I realize that this is retail...and many of your workers are here for a paycheck...but for the love of God...a sporting goods store should have people that know something about sporting goods.Just because somebody works in the shoe department does not make them a shoe expert.  I've never heard such ridiculous shoe "expertise" as I did last time I visited.PS.  Not all bats are legal in all softball leagues.  FYI
1	I now understand where the name comes from. Yesterday I went into Dick's to buy my daughter some shirts. As we were checking out I noticed a bin that was full of bags that had sports watches and body bands to monitor vital signs. I started going through them to find a watch that would meet my workout needs. Most of the bags that contained these watches were missing something. Not a problem because the outside clearly noted what was wrong with the package. It said things like " missing manual or dead battery" I found a watch that was missing a manual. I went online and looked up the watch and it had what i was looking for. I purchased the watch as is and took it home. After trying to sync the watch to the body strap monitor for an hour, I went online and found that the watch that i have takes an analog strap and the one that was in this bag was digital. I went back to the store today to swap out the wrong band for the correct on. I was told that i had to speak to Nicole the store manager. I was directed to Nicole who was assisting another customer. After standing patiently waiting for Nicole while the customer and Nicole discussed trading in his older wife for two younger ones, I got annoyed. I went back to the counter to find a different manager. I was told that Nicole is it. I waited some more. After waiting for Nicole for 15 minutes and listening to conversation that had nothing to do with products or services she asked how she could help me. I explained the situation and showed her the online picture of what i was supposed to receive with my purchase and she told me that they take everything out of the original package and put them into the bags that they sell these in.   i pointed out that as people look through the bag,   watches are being mixed up. I showed her Timex watches with Polar band and bags with two watches and no bands. Some watches had no bags at all and were sitting in the bottom of the bin with other loose manuals and straps. After going through each bag, I could not find the correct band. Someone is walking around with a digital watch with an analog band. I asked if i could purchase a more expensive watch and just pay the difference. Nicole said no. I get "as is" but I purchased it because the issue that was advertised on the packaging was it was missing the manual. It did not say that the accessories in the packaging do not match and the watch can not be used for anything except time and date.Now I have to pay for a new band as well as pay for shipping which is going to be more expensive than buying the watch at the original retail price. Thank you for horrible customer service and a useless watch.Pissed of Morrison Family YMCA Soccer Dad
1	I've been to several Dick's sporting good stores and this one is by far one of the worst. A few years ago I took my mountain bike to them for a basic service. Upon picking it up I realized that my high end pedals had been switched with some of the ones they use on their floor. I brought this up to the staff's attention who didn't hesitate in saying that I was wrong and they don't do that. I asked to speak to the manager an nobody was there from the management staff. I asked them to go review their security footage and they said they didn't want to do that either. I took this issue up their corporate ladder and all they did was apologized.I since stopped frequenting them. Sadly due to lack of options from a similar retailer in the areaI had to visit this location again recently, I had a backpack on as I rode there in my motorcycle. I walked in the store and started headed to the department I was needing, I was stopped by a rather unpleasant employee who told me I could not be in the store with a backpack due to recent theft issues. I told her that I had been in other dick's sporting goods and was never made aware of such rule. I also informed her that there was no signage stating that as I walked in the store. She continued to state that I could either give them my backpack or I could leave the store!!!!I told her that neither option worked and that she could inform her security staff to watch me on camera or have someone follow me around as I did not feel comfortable giving them my backpack which had my valuables in it.This brand has high prices and the staff isn't very knowledgeable nor very pleasant. They are definitely missing the point of retail on so many levels it's pathetic.I wish there were other options of stores similar to them in the area.
2	Thank you everyone who posted reviews. Due to the information I have now researched, I will not be attending this store ever. I will be driving to another dicks location bc clearly this one seems to be one hot mess.
4	Never had a problem with this location; I'm not usually in there very long except to get some tennis balls and make some socks.  In and out in 15 minutes or less, if that.  The staff seem engaged; I don't really have any complaints.  The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because nothing wowed me, but I'll be back I'm sure.
