2	My co-worker and I decided to make a change for lunch today and hit Arby's. We're not strangers to Arby's but I wouldn't say were regulars either so we decided to take a look at the online menu. I found a Market Fresh Farmers Chopped Salad that looked pretty good so decided to order that. When we arrived at Arby's they tell us they don't have any such salad. Now with Yum brands at least their restaurant websites will tell you "at participating locations" this Arby's location offered no explanation. Now because my co-worker and I split the bill for lunch when we return to the office amongst each other a receipt is required to do so. Well no receipt either. If that wasn't enough, when it was time to dig in and eat we also discovered that the Arby's sauce we requested was non-existent... My alternate food choice was amazing but the service and experience.. meh.
1	Hey arbys explain this to me.... I went through the drive thru... mistake.  When I ordered 6 meals and request a big handful of arby sauce (love that stuff) I get 4.  What's the difference with 4 and a big handful? A lot!  We use it on our sandwiches and fries. I use more than 4 myself. I ask for more and they give me about 4 more. He gave me this irritated look like I was bothering him. IT'S YOUR JOB! If you hate it, leave it.  He informs me that I can only get 3 per sandwich (3 x 6 =18 right?). If I want more, he'll have to charge me. I just spent over $40 at ARBYS!   The last time we ate there, we had to search for a table that didn't have garbage on it.  I went to the register to ask for a rag so I could wipe off the table, the girl gave me the rag... that was a hint. All the tables are dirty. Someone who "works" there should clean them.  Anyway.... if I order the same meal inside, I can get as much sauce as I want from the pumper.  Why charge me for sauce when I'm messing up my own table?   Terrible service.  Terrible eating conditions. Terrible policy on sauce...-SAUCE NAZIS-
1	I've been to many Arby's and this was by far this worst I've ever been to. I ordered through the drive-thru and elected to wait for a chicken sandwich to be cooked however, it was in fact not cooked all the way through and I nearly puked biting into the middle of raw chicken. The fries were the burnt leftovers sitting for hours I'm sure. I will never be returning to this location.
1	HORRIBLE!We got a late night dinner there and everything was horrible. First, it looked like it was closed. I am sure that the employees do this so people just drive away (I wish we did). Our order was wrong. Cold and super greasy fries. and the chicken sandwich was RAW! If you think it's a pain to cook chicken late at night because it takes awhile SAY YOU ARE ALL OUT! But never rush it.This place needs to either be under new management or torn down. Start over with a place that gives a damn.
4	I get coupons in the mail for Arby's so I like eating here when I have those. Some sort of deal is usually going on like 2 for $5 or 2 for $6 on the more popular sandwiches. I saw a new "snack 'n save" menu where certain menu items like jr bacon cheddar melt, mighty minis, jalapeno bites and several other things that all ranged from $1 - $2.99. I like the reuben w/o kraut when it is on special but usually order between the beef n cheddar with a sesame seed bun or the French dip and swiss. No matter what I order I always ask for a side of au jus to dip my sandwich in and it is killer good. My wife loves the arbys sauce but I think it is so nasty. Just give me the roast beef and some liquid cheese and some au jus and I'm good. this location has a drive thru and the employees are always nice. The inside is clean and roomy.
3	They do NOT give sauce, double check your bag! Asked for a handful, got 1 per sandwich! Dorkwipes.
3	I read the other reviews on this arbys and had a better experience than most I guess. I went in to order planning on telling them it was a 'to-go' order planning on sausing up my sandwich and having packets of sauce left over if needed, and then leaving. I stayed because the guy at the register was nice and also gave me a lot of horsey sauce. The fries were also hot and fresh. The dining area here is terribly outdated and felt like a grandmas house. Aside from that someone at least took the time to clean it and make it look nice. Overall its not a blad place to stop at.  I can definitely see why people get angry at the sauce packet policy and them being stingy with them. Luckily that didnt happen to me.EDIT: the speakers got turned on during my visit and the quality BLOWS!!! Filled the dining room with AM quality radio. Get it together arbys.
2	every trip here (Drive-Thru) it's something; incorrect change, rude employees, long wait when there are NO OTHER CARS IN DRIVE-THRU, no sauce/wrong sauce, and of course (as it happened again today); WRONG ORDER!!! seriously. this location has always been terrible. My wife and I visit here maybe 2-3 times per year (over a 10 year span), and always cringe when we drive-thru. **IF YOU MUST HAVE YOUR ARBY's FIX HERE, please go inside and eat. That way they can fix any problem you may experience. Odds are (it is Vegas) you will!!! *Note: the food is always pretty good, just wish the service was...
