1	So, this place calls itself an outlet store?  Where are the deals?  Where are the savings?We live in Hawaii, so we're used to playing more (usually a lot more) for most everything.  One of the nice things about visiting the mainland is the chance to go to outlet stores and malls to find deals on things that would normally be much more expensive at home.  Imagine our surprise when the prices at this "outlet" store were MORE EXPENSIVE than Hawaii prices!  How is that possible? If these are the Disney Store's "outlet" prices, I'd hate to see what the prices are like at their regular store.RIP-OFF.  Don't waste you're time here.(Tip:  go to the ToysRUs store a few shops down.  Found some GREAT deals there.)
3	The Disney outlet store may not have the greatest prices BUT it is definitely better than the prices at Disneyland and Disneyworld. I have been to both parks. If there is someone claiming the prices are outrageous here then they have never been to those 2 places.And let's not kid ourselves here. It's Disney! Where are you going to find bargain basement prices for Disney products. And I'm talking about Disney licensed products.This outlet store has decent prices for a variety of products. We just bought ornaments for $8 each if you buy 2 or more which is not bad. They are at least 2-3x more at hallmark. We also bought tshirts for our daughter which were $7 if you buy 2 or more. They were of Rapunzel, Merida and the main character in the new Frozen movie. In addition, they have up to date items too along with older items. We just saw some products for Frozen and that movie doesn't come out until the end of November. Just make sure that you shop around cause they will have some good deals here.
3	Ok the title says OUTLET right? OUTLET is supposed to have awesome deals not at the regular store.  So we were very excited when this store opened, closer to home and we figured they would have some great deals on costumes, disney dresses, dolls, or something. WRONG!!! they have all you could want, slippers, dresses, all the costumes and accessories, and all things disney for boys and girls.  But the prices were the same as the regular store and dangerous to bring kids into thinking going to catch a deal.  Yes they have sale items and deals, but you can find that anywhere.  Its a nice addition to this mall as there was only one disney store in town and one other disney "outlet" and they were both on the other side of town.  So the location is great and the staff is quite helpful and nice.  So if you need something disney yes you can go here, but don't let the semantics fool you!
3	As far as Disney outlet stores go, this one is average (I like the North Premium Outlet store- more deals there). Only items worth getting are the t-shirts @ $7 each if you buy 2, youth are in front or adults (higher pricing) in the middle in front of the cashier line OR the items on the clearance racks toward the right side of the cashier line- there are 3 racks specifically for children. Generally looks like girls stuff is on the left side while boys stuff is on the right side. After spending a couple days at Disneyland one can appreciate these prices though; avg. price for a t-shirt at DL is $25-$35.
4	For getting things on the cheapie side, I've found that they have a great sales rack.Apart from that though a lot of things are marked as per retail outlet prices. They sometimes have some good deals on t-shirts as well.But the main reason I come back here whenever I'm in Vegas is because I always need more Jack Skellington PJ's - and they deliver on this front.I scored a great zip up hoodie as well for $10 from the sale rack. So you can sometimes find a great deal!
1	NOT an outlet. Found the exact same products and prices at my regular Disney store last week. Save your time and shop online.
1	We walked into this Disney "Outlet" store expecting to get a good deal. Boy, were we disappointed.Imagine our shock when we took a look at the price tags. The merchandise here actually costs MORE than the regular Disney store in Honolulu! I thought the point of an Outlet store was to offer items at a LOWER price.Won't bother coming here again.
