1	I went to this place a year ago because my regular optometrist in Scottsdale moved overseas.  Terrible.  I even scheduled my appointment online 2 days prior and STILL had to wait 90 minutes.  The so called "optometrist"  briefly looked at my chart and asked "what's the reason for your appointment today - did your scrip expire?"  I said it is called an ANNUAL exam.THEN she insisted that i needed bifocals - and I explained to her that my eyes were simply exhausted from studying (16 units) and late nights.  She totally did not listen to me and said well then we will just give you regular glasses and then you will have to buy your own bifocals.she did NOT check the general health of my eyes NOR did she ask for the reason behind why they were obviously IRRITATED.I advised her that only 1 brand of contacts works for me (cooper vision torics) and she gave me a prescription for a completely different brand.  The brand irritated my eyes and one month later she would NOT change the prescription - 6 months later the brand was recalled and they did not issue replacements or change the prescription.  I basically had 1 year of crappy contacts because I was laid off and had to stick it out. The 2 for $69 deal is a bait and switch - and they try to sell you on the membership upgrade - garbage.  i wrote to their customer service and they had NO response.  Also, they would not give you a physical prescription to get the contacts elsewhere until you bought at least ONE box in house.CHOP SHOP.I am grateful to them - because this year instead of taking my chances on another crappy eyeglass place I went and got lasik surgery.Thanks you hack.
1	Appointment was at 11:15 and it took over an hour to see the eye Dr for the eye exam. The Dr was nice but when it came time to pay for the frames the two pair deal they advertised for $69 with a free eye exam turned into $200. I didn't even pick out special frames they were the basic ones that went with their advertised special. However, I did opt to get the basic plastic lenses with glare resistance which is an extra $60. At the most I expected to pay around $140 but definitely not $200. What they don't tell you is that the basic plastic lenses are an extra $60 as well. When I asked the lady any questions about pricing she just looked at me but didn't respond. She basically had a, it is what it is, look on her face. Ugh! Just ugh awful experience I don't recommend them! Go to lens crafters at the mall instead because atleast they have nicer frames for that price.
3	It's pretty alright, I got what I needed. I have the saver's club thing and that's a nice deal since I wear contacts.My main complaint is that sometimes the place is just friggin crowded/busy, there's a ton of people waiting. And you always end up waiting a bit, even if you just want to pick up your contacts or glasses. If you have the time and want some decent cheaper glasses and eye exam, it'll do.
3	Waited 20 minutes before being seen.   There were 4 ladies working up front.  2 were busy dusting & talking about the air filter instead of getting me into a pair of contacts.Dr. Black was great! When I got here I was planning on doing glasses & contacts.  But he said I didn't need to get new glasses unless I just really wanted a new style.  Which I didn't.
1	Walk in is not correct for they book the whole day. Doctor is not on site all day like they say. So not happy with this location.
