4	I've been coming to J'Adore for my past couple of pedicures. $28 is more than I was spending at a salon closer to my house but I like the ambiance of J'Adore better. And the spa chairs are the best I've experienced. Here are a couple other highlights:$15 basic manicure (so I can get a mani/pedi for under $50)There are several polishes to chose fromThe salon doesn't smell like chemicals (they do mostly gel nails)Daciana, the aesthetician, has a nice private room with a very comfortable tableEye brow wax is $10 and she did a great job!
5	No kidding, best pedicure in town! Starts at $28 includes callous removal. They take their time while you relax. Great foot/calf massage. Watch for coupons in Moon Valley Tattler -- just got a pumpkin sugar scrub and paraffin pedicure for $40. The luxury lasted a little over 1 hour... Worth every penny!
5	What makes this salon great:Excellent customer serviceTechs do your nails exactly how you like themBeautiful nail shapeExpert french manicureNo chemical smell in salonBack story:I started coming to this salon after finding out about it from a living social deal.  What I liked about this place is that they seemed very friendly and also they don't do acrylic so the place never has a strong chemical smell.  Yay for no chemical fume induced headaches!  Plus the techs don't do a funky v shape on your nails that so many salons do these days.So, I started getting shellac french manicures there, and did have a bad experience. The product seemed like it was going on goopy but the tech continued. She even said she was having trouble with it.  To make a long story short, it did not last and even started turning black, which was pretty bad for me since at that point I was in Mexico at a friend's wedding and stuck with nasty looking nails.I went back to the salon as soon as I got home to get the shellac removed, and the tech taking it off told me that shouldn't have happened and they were done wrong. She offered to fix it for me but she wanted to charge me for a whole new manicure.  The owner was there and I thought she knew what was going on so I was rather upset. I left and did not come back.Since then I have tried several salons in my area, searching for a good place.  In the process I have had some really bad experiences - extremely aggressive, even mean techs, ugly shaped nails, etc, and they all smell bad inside from chemicals.  They don't even try to get your nails how you like, they just don't care.I went back to J'adore and talked to the owner. She told me she didn't realize what had happened last time I was in and apologized. She seemed very sincere and sweet.  I got shellac and pedicure.  The techs did a great job.  The nail shape is great and french looks really nice.  They really took care of me and really care.  They will make sure you are happy.This is my salon.  You'd have a hard time to find a place this good - believe me, I tried.
5	I got my first ever pedicure here.  Wow!  I loved this place.  The massage chairs are worth $28 bucks alone.  Guys are welcome and I would recommend this to any guy.  Ask for Kyi ... she was awesome at her craft.  I'll definitely be back!
4	I needed some TLC on my crazy brows. I am very particular with my brows especially at a new location.  There are only a few that can really manage it.  After reading many Yelp reviews, I took my chance at J'adore. One-stop shopping, mani/pedi, full salon, and unique piece of jewelry.  Eyebrow waxing is only $10.  This place is clean and open later than other salons.  The sad part is that I don't remember the name of the lady who worked on my brows.  I hope she is still there the next time I visit.
5	Finally a nail salon close by that consistently does a good job as well as has great customer service. I mostly see Jenny but have had different nail techs and they are all great. I normally get the shellac manicure which lasts a long time, 2-3 weeks for me. (I am super hard on my nails).The owners are very, very nice as well. I have even had my brows done at Jadore by Myra and trust me I am the most picky person on the planet about my brows (too many mishaps in the past by previous estheticians). She did a great job. She is now only one of 3 people in the valley that I will let near my brows!
5	Just visited this place for the first time.  Both my mother and I got our hair trimmed and my 5 & 6 year old daughters got their hair trimmed.  The service was great, the cuts are perfect and flattering to our face.  Mayra did my mom and 5yr old and Jaclyn did mine and my 6yr old hair.  Jaclyn also waxed and shaped my bows.  Everything was great.  There is also a cute little boutique with hair accessories, wallets, purses, sunglasses and jewelry.  Everything  was quality and priced well.  This is my new spot!  I'll be visiting again in two weeks to get my hair colored! :):)
1	Manager/owner is temperamental, argumentative, and rude.Happy to take your money but does not value her customers or customer service
5	I decided to try J'adore when I moved to Phoenix and found during research that they are the only salon to offer true gel nails.  They have the Gelousy Nail product and found them by going to http://gelousy.com and saw they were the only authorized salon listed in Phoenix.  I am very particular with my nails and hate how acrylic is so thick and hard on your nails.  I get compliments on my nails all the time and love how nice the staff is.  If you every break a nail they will always fix it for free.  I have also gotten a pedicure and they are amazing!  Besides the typical cuticle fix, nail file and painting, I get pedicures for the foot and leg massage and boy do they spend a good amount of time massaging your feet.  I am more then capable of painting my own nails so if I pay to get a pedi it better be worth it, and it is.  Also very decently priced for the quality of work and time spent on the serve.  A must try.
5	I'll never go anywhere else. My aunt turned me onto J'Adore, and since then my mom started going here as well. We love the environment, the people, and the service. We love the gel nails. Everyone is so creative and makes our thoughts come alive. Pauline is my favorite, xoxoxoxoEverything I have gotten done there, from eye brow waxes, to nails, toes, hair has been top knotch. kudos to you J'Adore. -Casey Milleractive customer
4	Tucked away in a small strip, this salon is a relaxing place to go yourself, or take some friends and enjoy the back room intimate setting (~4 chairs) and get pedis and chat!  They happen to be close to where I live, and I found them through a quick Yelp search for local nail salons. I needed somewhere to soak my feet and relax after a semi-stressful morning.I invited a girlfriend to go with me and we met out front and headed in to the cozy establishment.  We were greeted right away and taken back to the pedi room with some great massage chairs.  After choosing our nail polish colors we sat in chairs next to each other while enjoying the basic package offering.  The techs were incredibly nice and chatted with us during our visit.  Really felt like we had been there a dozen times before with the friendliness level we received.  My nails looked awesome when we were done, and I felt way more relaxed than when we went in.Overall: AThe parking lot is a touch tight, the techs are super friendly, your nails will look great!
5	I love this nail salon.  I get my nails done here every couple weeks by the owner.  She has the best personality. She is so friendly and goes out of her way to make you feel at home.  Her staff is so friendly and will greet you every time you are there.  I would highly recommend them.  They can do anything.  My nail tech is very creative with color also.  She picks the best colors.  I love the Razelberry color
5	Pauline has been doing my nails for years (I get gel manicures/pedicures), and always does a great job. She is also very fast and efficient at what she does.  Myra has also done my nails in the past, and is also excellent. The front staff is friendly, and it always very accommodating of my busy schedule, especially if I have needed to reschedule on late notice. There prices are reasonable.
5	This salon is the best there is! I get my nails done by Pauline. They have great service and this place is very close to a very good donut shop called Rainbow Donuts that is just a minute walk away. Nothing better than getting nails done and having donuts!
