5	This place is by all measures the best coffee shop I've ever been to.  I live in coffee shops.  I've been to almost every one in Champaign/Urbana and many in Chicago.  This one will always be my favorite.  In the many hours I have spent studying, talking, eating, and just sitting in Kopi I have always felt warm.  They have just the right mix of unusual sandwiches, homemade pastries, weird drinks, dcor, and staff to make the perfect atmosphere.  With so much variety of food and drink there is always something new to try.  And every cappuccino I've had there was expertly prepared; this is NOT Starbucks.  I like that it us just far enough from campus to keep it from being a kids hangout.  Parking is a little tough sometimes, but that's normal for the town.  It's small too, so sometimes you can't find a seat.  They have a great collection of antique tables and chairs that adds to the homey feel.  In true caf style, the art on the walls is always changing.  And, just to make sure they don't miss one aspect of a perfect caf, the walls are lined with outlets for your computer.  They're open late for long study hours and, even though everyplace gets crowded near finals, the staff has never bothered me about staying too long.  To show my gratitude I make sure to stop in every time I get back to Champaign.
4	A great coffee shop - easily a favorite for anyone who likes to go out to work, chat with friends, or just enjoy some fine java.  With a great selection of food and drinks (including alcohol and alcoholic coffee drinks), it's too good to pass up.I do have to ding them slightly, though, for being a tad on the dark side, plus the seating isn't super-comfy.  But depending on your mood or style, you might well prefer Kopi over the other also-great alternatives on the same block.
5	This is CU's top-notch coffee shop. They have delicious hot and cold drinks and wonderfully fresh pastries. If you want to get some hardcore studying done, this place has good study seatings(outlets galore!) and a diverse enough menu to provide sustenance. Though I am an undergrad myself, the distance from campus means there aren't too many of my kind here...and it's probably better that way.
5	why is it that you love a cafe when the coffee they serve doesn't really do it for you?  i think there is so much good going on here that the coffee being too bitter for my personal taste buds, doesn't really matter to me.  coffee is such a subjective thing and i do know tons of people who love it here.here is what I love at kopi:the staffthe vibethe cucumber, roasted red pepper, goat cheese sandwichthe green saladthe grilled cheese with tomatoesthe princess cookiesthe earl grey teathe cucumber waterthe doorway to circles
3	Cafe Kopi is one of the better cafs in town.  Loads better than Espresso Royal, Panera, and Starbucks for sure.  I would give it 3 1/2 stars if I could give half-stars.Cafe Kopi buys their coffee from the Columbia Street Roastery and the CSR is an excellent roastery.  It is a pleasure to be able to go and get a coffee drink that doesn't taste like the beans were burned.  I find their coffee to be robust without being bitter.  Their chai is some of the best in town.  Their apple cider, however, is stale  (store bought, non-local and just heated up from what I can tell) but I guess that's not exactly a hot ticket item.I have a problem with their pastry case because on MANY occasions there have been multiple flies buzzing around inside the case and landing on all of the food.  That is not so tasty to me.My personal preference in caf atmospheres is one where each table feels like a cozy and isolated space and I do not find that Kopi's atosphere lends any feeling of coziness or isolation.  All of chairs are made of wood, so it may not accomidate the armchair and comfy couch types.  Many people go there to be seen and table hop, so I guess it works for most.  I prefer the outside tables in the summer as long as the homeless lady doesn't come by and ask for $2.
5	Definitely the best coffee shop in Champaign-Urbana. Great coffee, plus you can get port and some other boozy drinks. The food's tasty, the decor is warm and cozy, and yeah, they have a doorway to Circles next door. OK so the chairs are uncomfortable after a while, that's true. No couches to encourage settling in for the long haul. That's probably good for business though; nobody would ever leave otherwise.
4	Great coffee, amusing staff, fun music, delicious sandwiches, great specials, and free wireless.  The internet's been really flaky of late, but the occasionally cheap Cafe Miels and the tuna salad salad make up for it most of the time.  The ambiance is great, and sitting outside people-watching on Walnut is wonderful.  I'm leaving Champaign in a few weeks, and I will genuinely miss Kopi.
3	Nice atmosphere but not so nice hot chocolate. I can be a food/drink purist sometimes and I didn't like them using chocolate sauce for my drink. Eww.
5	I lived in Champaign-Urbana for nine years.  During that time, I frequented every coffee shop in the area, and even worked at two.  Kopi was my favorite.  In fact, it may be one of my favorite spots in Champaign, coffee-related or otherwise.The place meets all the basic requirements - good coffee, cozy atmosphere, free wireless.  Toss in a few extras like yummy food and independent ownership, and you've got at least four stars.  The fact that employees' health coverage is fully paid by the company (or was when my friend worked there) easily rounds it up to five.  Supporting a business like this made me not just well-caffeinated, but proud to be a regular customer.
5	Alright... Cafe Kopi deserves its full 5 stars. You'd almost forget you're in Champaign for a second. The interior is pretty big, with a large room in the back and free wireless... Relaxed laid-back atmosphere, cool music, friendly service. I'm sipping a mocha right now (pretty good I must say... sounds like Beirut?) and nibbling on a slice of blueberry bread (very yummy), and I already know that this is a place I will be visiting often after I move here (ouch!). Great coffee shop!
5	EASILY the best Espresso for at least a 100 mile radius. The coffee at Kopi is wicked good. For coffee lovers, this is one of the few places in the mid-west (apart from Soma in Bloomington IN) where they actually know how to both extract espresso correctly AND heat the milk perfectly. Depending on the barista you might even get some pretty foam/crema art action going on. Love it.
3	I really like Kopi from the outside (head for Circles, or you'll miss it).But the dank, dusty darkness inside is a real turn off when I'm trying to work.  I will go to Kopi for a chat with a friend, but not for anythign else, where the darkness and dust is depressing.
4	A thousand times better at night when it's brightly lit.  Afternoons are gross.
5	I really liked this place.  It was recommended to me by some friends, and when I walked up at 6:30pm on a Monday night, by the number of people sitting outside I thought no way would I get a seat to study.  Low and behold, as I open the door, great music floods my ears, fabulous decorations, and air conditioning.  And open tables.  I order a house coffee to start off with, and after I taste it I am horrified at what I've been drinking out of my Mr. Coffee in the mornings.I grab a table next to a wall, and next to the place where the cook the food.  And right over the air conditioning vent.  I really don't study well when I'm hot, so the air conditioning was a huge plus.  The food smelled great, the lighting was perfect, it wasn't too loud with people talking, but the soft background noise helped me to focus and study.I tried the pesto turkey panini which was fabulous.  And they wear gloves when they make your sandwhiches.  And cute garnishes.  And the coffee was reasonably price (I always think paying over $5 for a sandwhich is a little too much, but you're paying for wifi and atmosphere as well... and supporting a local busines... so...  I suppose it's worth it).Overall I plan to spend many a weeknight there studying and drinking coffee (although I may have to switch to decaf because I was up way too late after that!)~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Okay, not all tables and chairs are created equal.  I ended up sitting at a very uncomfortable table.  Now if I was just there hanging out with friends and playing a game or something, I probably wouldn't have cared.  But I was trying to read and study, and sometimes I fidget or sit cross-legged on the chair, but the table had these panels on it that made it too short to do either.And the tables that look out the glass front window are great to people watch, but once it gets dark the lighting is pretty low.  To visit and chat- no problem.  But studying- towards the back would be better.Luckily someone left and I grabbed a different table.  But still, great coffee, music, and good place to go.  I still definitely recommend.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I was here the other night, and maybe it was a fluke last time, but there was plenty of lighting by the tables in the front, by the windows...  Just FYI.  And I still love their turkey panini!!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I prefer their house coffee to their "Coffee of the Day".  I still haven't found a "Coffee of the Day" that I prefer to their house coffee.
3	I admit the coffee here is stellar. However, the ambience is all wrong. Its super dim and crowded ambiance rubbed me a little the wrong way. It's a good place to have a chat with a friend, but definitely the wrong place to go and study. However, every single table was taken by some student!? Geez. Your eyes will go bad if you try to read in that light!
4	You're growing on me, Kopi.  Night times are great to study here, or cold rainy days.  Also, the tuna bacon melt is the greatest thing in the universe.Another fun thing: If you order a sandwich or food item, the staff will write down your physical description for the server to bring it to you.  One day I saw him write "glasses, blue sweater, beard--"And I simply said, "You could just say, 'guy with big afro.'"He looked up sheepishly and said, "Yeah, I thought about it, but this seemed least likely to be offensive."I let him know it *wasn't* offensive, and this Afro-wearer was happy to get a delicious Kopi sandwich.Also, scotch enthusiasts:  they serve it.  I know.  Odd.  But delicious.
4	I would've given Cafe Kopi 3 stars if I hadn't been wowed by their Chicken Noodle Soup (homemade taste, a touch creamy and oh-so-heavenly).  But, I think that the place merits future visits based on the fact that they have scotch available for my drinking pleasure.I didn't like the sneer-y guy taking my order or the poor layout of the place.  But if it were less busy, I think it would be decent.
5	I used to live in Bloomington, and if I really needed to study, I'd trek all the way to Kopi, because it was the best coffee and atmosphere in that 50-some mile radius. Sometimes it really was the only place that could tether me down to get some work done because it was such a reward!They make their Chai Tea from scratch, which is amazing, because pretty much any where you order a chai it will come out of a plastic container.Recently revisited this place and it really hasn't changed a bit - it's still among the best.
5	Having basically moved in here during last semester, I must rave about it! Great atmosphere with regulars and they don't mind if you camp out. I second the praise of the Mediterranean sandwich too! All they need is to start serving chocolate cookie scones and I'll be in paradise...
3	Kopi is...meh.  Well, that's not entirely fair, it's definitely one of the nicer coffee shops in this area, but there are just so many other better ones (Morning Cup, Aroma) that it kind of pales in comparison.  The coffee is decent, food is okay, and the decor chill but a little too dim for studying (but nice if you just want to hang out).  My biggest two gripes are a) them revoking their free wifi (as of May 2009; perhaps they have restored it since then), but mainly b) running into one of the snootiest baristas I've ever had to deal with (girl with short cropped hair) who barely gives you the time of day.  Maybe she's tired, but I've gotten the same frosty excuse of service from her on multiple occasions.  In any case, Kopi is a nice place and definitely a local favorite (meaning it can get quite crowded), and it's usually my choice of late night study place since it's open later than most other places.
4	The baristas are nice, the coffee is good, and the atmosphere is perfectly comfortable for reading or studying. You don't get that uncomfortable feeling that they're waiting for you to leave once you've finished your coffee. The sandwiches are a little expensive for the portion size, but they're delicious.
2	I go here a lot because I live nearby.  There are some things I like, but I don't understand the management's shrill and defensive attitude toward the customers.  They post a remarkable newsletter that always explains why they cannot do anything about the most frequent customer complaints (flies in the pastry case, the deteriorating floor, and more).Let's take one example:  The flies in the pastry case.  They've posted a long letter on the wall about how nothing can be done about the flies in the pastry case because it isn't safe to use insecticide near pastry.  OK... maybe that time could be spent to kill the flies and keep the pastry case closed?  They act like flies are an insurmountable puzzle never before encountered by anyone else.  Try a flyswatter.  Or a trap that doesn't use insecticide (like the sticky ones).  Or buy a larger insect zapper.  But I think they'd rather write notes to us about how they will change nothing.I still go there because there aren't that many nearby cafes.  The staff are very nice and the Curried Egg Salad Pita is good.  I just wish the missives from the owner weren't so hostile (large print Wi-Fi restrictions, defensive explanations of why certain smoothies aren't profitable, and so on).  Also I wish the dim lighting and the weak espresso could be improved.  But the bagels are good. I put "no" on the Wi-Fi because they restrict it on certain days to prevent studying.It's a mixed bag.
2	While visiting friends in town, we decided to get a pick-me-up in hot liquid form downtown. We ended up at Kopi because it was Dad's Weekend for the University,  and our first choice was packed, with no table space.I totally wish that I could have tried the other shop, because I was pretty much disappointed with this one. I guess it was doomed from the start, when I was given the wrong drink.  I ordered a Mate Latte, and was called over to pick up my drink, and it was a regular latte. Now, I am normally the person who would say something, but it was cold and drizzly, the place was busy with lots of people trying to get to and around the counter, and I was cranky. Whatever. I also wasn't too impressed with the Snicker-doodles that we ordered. Not bad, but not great either. The place itself has your basic non-chain cafe vibe, but it's so overcrowded with tables that it's hard to maneuver through. I guess I'd try this place once more, just to be fair.
5	I view myself as a coffee shop aficionada, and this place is my favorite!  I love the decor, laid back atmosphere, complimentary cucumber or orange-infused water, and hot drinks - especially the mate latte.
4	Good coffee. Not as strong as I'd like, but tasteful.
3	My boyfriend is interviewing at Volition today, and I wanted to spend my time studying, reading & yelping (of course). Kopi was a random choice & it fits my purposes perfectly! It's quiet, large (no problem finding a table), and I am in good company. I'll have no problem spending hours here, without feeling pressured to keep buying coffee. They even have sandwiches for when I'm hungry again!If we move here, I'll be back to Kopi!
3	If I was still in school and needed a place to study where I could occupy the same table drinking coffee and looking cool on my Macbook for hours and hours, I would give this place 4 stars. If I was still in school, needed such a place, and they allowed smoking, I would give it 5 stars. Alas, those days are gone, so all I see this place as is a cafe with fairly decent sandwiches, meh soup, 2-3 choices for daily coffee (plus 1 type of daily decaf) for prices that are a little higher than I think is commercially reasonable.The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is great: a very homey, anti-corporate coffee shop where the employees are friendly, competent and patient. The coffee itself is quite good, but I think Aroma (on the other side of the block) is a little better. The sandwiches are okay. They use high quality ingredients, but they are still just sandwiches. They definitely put thought and effort into the presentation of their meals, and this counts big in my book. Sandwiches come with a choice of healthy sides (apple, salad, Sun Chips).Their soups are not great. Pekara and Aroma are better in this department, but they have good ideas (like today's pumpkin apple soup). Prices are a bit high: a half spinach salad with about 1/4 cup of tuna salad with a balsamic vinaigrette and a cup of that soup plus a large black coffee was $8.50 or so pre-tip. Get a sandwich with a small salad side and coffee and you are north of $10 real quick. If these prices don't make you immediately balk, please note that their portion sizes are not very big, and are at least third smaller than a meal at Guido's or Esquire. Not terrible if you have a small appetite, but this guy would leave hungry if not for the marvelous effect of strong coffee.
4	Great place to study. It's an indie coffee shop which is a nice change from Starbucks/Panera. Drinks are really good, priced about the same as Starbucks. Daily specials are on the cheap side. Food and pastries are good but a little overpriced. Definitely one of my favorite places in Champaign.
4	I've been going to Kopi for a couple years for coffee (on occasion), but just last Sunday was the first time I got food there.  Their coffee is always good (from the local Columbia Street Roastery, if I remember the name correctly).  They serve it in pint glasses (which I always found a bit odd).  I got a Brie and turkey open-face sandwich, and pasta salad (a dollar extra option) for about $7.50 total, plus my coffee.  The sandwich was good, and the price wasn't terrible for what I got (it also came with fresh fruit).  This is good, easy to prepare food, since they don't have a real big kitchen.  However, I would recommend stopping in one day for a light lunch, since everything I got was good.  Only downside was I waited a little bit for the sandwich, though they were very busy.
2	Not really a fan.  If you go for the coffee drinks or even better chai, you'll be ok.  Sammiches are cheap but tiny and, honestly, nothing special.I did not think much of the decor/atmo/etc; many seemed to like, but was underwhelming to yours truly...
3	I usually have a pretty good experience here.  They have fairly priced drinks in comparison to other coffee shops, and it's usually pretty quiet.  The old woodwork in the building is peaceful.  Since they opened the new seating, it's not a pain in the ass to find somewhere to sit anymore.  The only real complain that I have is that the food is almost always overpriced.  Although a bagel is just around $1, if you want cream cheese it's $1.10.  Huh?  $1.10 for a condiment?  I also made the mistake of purchasing a granola & yogurt cup for $3.85 because it looked particularly good.  It had minimal fruit, the granola was soggy, and the nuts spoken of on the ingredients list were nearly nowhere to be found.  Not worth it.
4	Great place for coffee and good studying!! Or the other way around? Whichever. Anyway the coffee is great, I always get the Cafe Caramel in a To-Go cup since it gets cold faster with the indoor mug. The taste is always good, sometimes a little strong, but nothing a little sugar couldn't fix. The environment varies ... sometimes it's nice, and sometime's it's not; it depends on the crowd. I had one occasion where some Asian girl was sitting in front of me and kept talking to herself ... which was uhh hella weird. Another instance had some girl in basically tight boxershorts showing off cellulite to the world like there's no tomorrow. And the most unforgettable one was where the place was packed and some smelly ass guy sat next to me. I had to get 2 hours of studying done to prepare for the next day and I couldn't move and this guy just killed my night ... As far as customer service, it's fair. You order up front, wait a couple of minutes, get your drink and study the night away.Not the best cafe, but I return here frequently to get studying/work done. I would recommend this place to others.
4	Cafe kopi has the best cappuccino's in champaign/urbana. The staff knows what they are doing and they are the only coffee shop to use beans from the fantastic local roastery "Columbia street roastery."Coming from a coffee snob, this place *could* do better in the espresso department. Something is just not right about the espresso; it has a metallic taste. Machine needs cleaning perhaps? Needs filtered water?
3	Cafe Kopi's ok.... I mean they have a great environment and well roasted beans but they just can't get the prep right. They're far better than Starbucks and Espresso but not nearly as good as Aroma Cafe and Cafe Paradiso. At Kopi a latte is espresso with warmed up milk, not steamed milk. The espresso's also not as good as it could be. I've bought their beans and made stuff at home. It turned out pretty well but every time I go there for a cup of coffee it tastes stale. I really don't know what they're doing back there.I don't think they have any idea how to make espresso beverages either. They have a grinder but it's manual and when manual grinders are used improperly they make horrible espresso... Basically if you can get past the really really bad coffee then go here, but I can't. If only we could combine Aroma Cafe and Cafe Kopi. Then downtown Champaign would finally have the perfect coffee house.
3	Oh, Cafe Kopi. I want to love you, I really do, but I'll be damned if you ain't something that works better in theory than in practice.Kopi is really quite lovely inside; the smells are wonderful, the decor is pleasing. The drinks are generally at least satisfactory, sometimes downright excellent (the cafe miel, when done well, is heavenly). The food is good, especially the lox and cream cheese on a bagel. Umph. God, so tasty. I come from Washington, so I know good salmon. The prices are a little higher than I would like, but then I am poor and cheap, so you might not want to trust my judgment in such matters.I really, really can't get right with the atmosphere in this place, though. I've tried, but no dice. Sometimes I'll step inside expecting to sit and read for a half-hour or so, but I never follow through with that desire; except for those times when I've been with friends, I've never stayed longer than it takes to order and grab my drink. First, there are the 20 gazillion students with laptops, which would not make me so grouchy if I didn't constantly encounter solitary people taking up all the room at tables meant for four or more with their  prodigious crap. Put some of that shit on the floor. I promise that your bag is not going to suffer hurt feelings if it doesn't get to sit in the chair across from you. Second, the service here is pretty iffy. Every third member of the staff is friendly and helpful. The rest display this cold, huffy Midwestern Hipster variety of unpleasantness that makes me grind my teeth. Having your order taken by some guy in cutoffs and boat shoes who remains silent and stares at the wall during the entire transaction is a shitty experience. Come on, dude. You're picking up my napkins and washing my plate after I leave. You're not better than me.So, I dunno, I'm torn. On one hand I love the fact that there's a place near my apartment where I can duck out of the cold for a few moments and get a hot drink, and on the other hand I hate that the vibe in said place is unwelcoming.But lord almighty, that lox.
5	I love this place!  I always stop in when I'm in town (which isn't very often).  The drinks are always delicious.  This last trip was the first time I got food, and I was very pleasantly surprised.  My tuna pita was very good, and the turkey pesto panini my husband had was DELICIOUS.
4	Definitely the best coffee shop in the Champaign-Urbana area. The prices are reasonable, the music (at times) is decent, and the baristas for the most part are friendly. On top of this, they have consistent closing hours at midnight. The reason for four stars is that it can occasionally be a hit or miss on the quality of the prepared drink. Also, the sandwich sizes are tiny given their price.
5	Great mochas.  Very tasty.   We're from Portland, Oregon and I was worried about finding good coffee in Champaign.  Not to worry - Cafe Kopi has great local coffee, nice atmosphere, and yummy looking food.  Worth the walk from campus.
4	I love it here. Nice atmosphere, good drinks. I love the Cafe Miel and the mate latte.
5	Love this place. I used to live basically upstairs and this was my go to spot. The atmosphere is very chill, the coffee is always good, and the food is perfect for a light lunch. No compaints here!
5	Great atmosphere, delicious coffee, awesome food. This is my default stop for coffee or a place to spend the afternoon. It can get a little crowded at times though.The Thai Tempeh sandwhich is amazing, also try the cold brew coffee sometime.
1	Prices are out of hand at Kopi. $2.40 for a large cup of (plain ol' regular) coffee?! $7.40 for a small vegetarian sandwich, and $2 extra if you want 8oz of soup to accompany? $6.00 for a pint of pasta salad? $4.10 for a cup of yogurt with 5 blueberries and some granola?As best I can guess, Kopi mgt. is trying to finance their expansion (and possible recession-related dip in sales) by raising prices. They doubled their footprint when they moved into the place next store, but this expansion did not double their sales because the new part is always filled up with students occupying the same tables for hours on Kopi's WiFi, spending hardly any money. Instead of raising their already high prices on the people that contribute most to their bottom line, they should focus on getting more revenue out of the table squatters or expanding their sources of revenue. Bigger kitchen for more diverse menu? Catering? Advertise the booze?
4	I just moved here from Seattle and was in search of a good cup of coffee and a pleasant atmosphere.  Thankfully by reference of a patient of mine I was referred to Kopi.  I couldnt be more pleased.  It has a nice varieties of tea, and coffee for when Im in the mood to switch up.  The food is pretty scrumptious too.  There are outlets along the walls tables so I dont have to worry about my battery.  All in all I say its a great substitute for what I was used to.  Enjoy!
2	Coffee's fine. You won't be in business long with nasty coffee. The food is incomprehensibly overpriced, and the coffee is just typically overpriced. Although I've experienced poorer customer service, a glower instead of "what can I get for you" is pretty weak. Cute girls do come here, so if you can tolerate the downside, sure, it's worth a stop.
4	For you vegan's in central Illinois this is a good place to go to!Try the Baby Greens salad or the Greek salad with no feta cheese.Some soups are vegan but ask to make sure!Also, try the Thai Tempe or the Matty Pooh Hummus.For drinks, get the Chai latte with soy and no honey. AND THEIR CHOCOLATE FOR MOCHAS ARE VEGAN!  Every time I go there I make sure to get a mocha with soy because most places don't offer vegan chocolate!
4	I love the atmosphere here, it's very chill. Their coffee isn't bad and the service is pretty good. Also, they are open "late", so that's an added bonus if you need to make a coffee run at 11 at night
4	It's all in the details. I was short on cash so I ordered two iced small caramel lattes, and they were so thoughtful to not give me too much ice without my having to ask. The drinks themselves were rich and delicious. Their ice water was wonderful with sliced citrus fruit in it I think, and their sugar cookie with frosting tasted like my mom's. They seemed a tad expensive, but if I can get what I pay for served with a smile I really don't mind. They had a lot of variety in food it looked like, which from what I read is on the expensive side, but I will have to taste it to see what it is like. I tend to drink espresso drinks and not coffee so don't know about that topic here yet.
5	Prices are about on par with other small local cafes I've been to (generally speaking, not necessarily in the area), and they have daily specials which are reasonably priced.  I originally tried this place out because I got some coupons on the back of my Schnucks receipt (medium espresso or chai drink for $1.85/$2 off a sandwich or salad).I've become a slave to Starbucks over the past few years because there simply weren't any good local cafes where I lived (unless I felt like driving 30 miles away).  Cafe Kopi is exactly what I want from a cafe, and I'm happy to finally have a local coffee shop that is actually worth supporting.Their coffee drinks are tasty, and their chai tastes like it's freshly brewed (though I can't be sure if they actually use a mix...I'll probably ask because I'm really curious).  I tried the Matty Pooh Pita today with honey chipotle pasta salad on the side and it was delicious (also, the plating was beautiful!).  I thought the pasta salad might be weird, but it sounded interesting and turned out to be pretty awesome.  The pita was served open-faced, with tons of hummus and sliced tomato, cucumber, and lettuce.  The hummus to veggie ratio was a little lopsided--I would have appreciated more veggies--but nonetheless it was a damn good meal.  Plus there were a couple tasty pieces of fruit on the side as garnish, which I happily devoured.Food and drink aside, Cafe Kopi is just a great place to hang out.  My boyfriend and I like to play games (Scrabble, Sumoku, UNO...etc) and there is PLENTY of seating with tables of various sizes.  The atmosphere is cozy and it's just a lovely place to spend some time.Music selection is kind of weird (whiny sounding hipster music?  not sure how to describe it) but it's not too loud, so it's easy to tune out.Basically: I really like this place.  If I didn't have to pay for metered parking mon-fri I would probably be here everyday.
4	I like this place because it has pretty decent coffee and if I want to get out of the office, I can get some work done here. Hip and what not but still a good place. Don't order the food unless you are desperate.
4	Ok...I had my first bad Kopi experience today...the Thai Tempeh panini was just...disgusting.  It was gooey, there was way too much peanut sauce, and it was on regular sliced bread (I tend to think of paninis as being made from a more substantial bread like ciabatta or something).  It definitely was not worth the $5 I paid for it, and if I'd paid the full price ($7) I would have complained.  Lesson learned: don't get the Thai Tempeh panini.I've yet to have a bad drink from here, and it remains a great place to hang out.  Still a great cafe as far as I'm concerned, but evidently not everything on their (food) menu is as tasty as their drinks.
2	I really would want to avoid this place because of the service.EVERY time I've been here, they always get something wrong. Wrong pastry (they have a fly problem in their pastry case...), wrong drink. I just feel that the aren't very attentive.First of all, it was sweltering outside and I ordered iced mochas. One with soy, one regular. What I got were 2 tall glass cups with cardboard sleeves on them with hot drinks. Ugh. How refreshing...at this point I don't care anymore to get it corrected and I hate to waste perfectly good espresso and milk. That and I feared it would take forever for another since it took her forever to even pull the espresso and put in the chocolate. I dunno, new hire?The drinks are fine, just all my experiences turn me off to Cafe Kopi.
5	They make a good Chai Tea Latte and their Cafe Miel is delicious (a bit sweet though). The sandwiches are decent (had the Turkey and Gruyere.
4	I have enjoyed Kopi for a number of years. However, the expansion has made it much more comfortable to stay and have a drink. The coffee is always decent. I enjoy the tuna melt as well. Both are not fantastic but very solid. However, I love their chai bomb. It elevates my rating from 3 to 4.  Although I would love a 3.5. Depending on the day, I sub in orange cinnamon tea for the chai teabag in the chai bomb. Highly recommended. Kopi is always a place to stop when in the CU area.
2	I don't know. This place seems a little tragic to me; the self-consciously arty vibe inside and the affected hipsters behind the counter are aggressively mannered, but also a little frayed around the edges. It's like a very good diorama of a coffee shop made by someone who has seen one in a movie or read about one in a book.  The coffee is just ok.
5	My favorite sandwiches for lunch--great Mediterranean and grilled cheese + tomato sandwiches.
5	Best chai latte in town, if not in the country ;D
4	I stopped in with 8 friends during April 2012 along a road trip between Iowa and Ohio, because we saw the great Yelp reviews.  Cafe Kopi did not disappoint!  My husband had the bacon tuna melt and I had the pesto turkey panini - both were excellent.  I like that they come with Sun Chips instead of the typical potato chips, and you get a couple carrot bites on the side as well.  Husband got the last cup of tomato asparagus bisque and it was sooo tasty that he kindly declined to rave about it at the table so no one would be jealous that he was the only one who got some.We all finished off with some sweets.  I had a small ginger spice cookie - just the right size for a sweet flavor without being too heavy.  My chai tea latte was very tasty as well, it was just a little too sweet for me so I didn't finish it, but very good!Everyone seemed quite pleased with such nice food and atmosphere in the middle of a 9 hour drive.  A nice break from fast food; much healthier but still very affordable and the staff was very friendly too.
4	I came here with a friend hearing good things. It's a great place to come study and get off campus. The drinks are pretty good. I had the mango Italian soda. It's fizzy and sweet. This place is pretty quiet so don't expect to come here and have a full out conversation. The staff is super friendly and knowledgable.
4	Last Friday I visited with my daughter who lives in Champaign.  After lunch and shopping what's next?  You guessed it, coffee!I have long been a fan of this cafe, it's cozy and definitely has the college town vibe to it even though it is far away from campus. There's a nice little patio, good food for lunch and great coffee!It was pretty warm so I had their iced vanilla latte.  I prefer coffee hot, in fact the hotter the better, but in the summer unless I am in frigid ac all day,  I add the ice.  Their coffee stood up nicely to the ice and since I was getting a beverage, what the heck, might as well try some cookies.I had their iced ginger cookies and they were really good.  I love ginger cookies and these are what I would call ginger lite, delicious but without a zing.  I liked the lumpiness of them and the chewy texture but the ginger was mainstream.I will be back as I miss my daughter and just coming here would be enough of an excuse for me to head south on 57!
5	This is my home away from home. I probably would have been ashamed to say this in the past, but I'm a regular, and I'm damn proud of it. This place is wonderful, granted you can find a place to sit. Don't get me wrong, there are a couple dozen tables, but it gets busy, and it gets busy often. I always get the coffee of the day; today it's a creme brulee. Sometimes it's a chocolaty blend from Nicaragua or something strong from Peru. I'm probably making this up. There's Wi-Fi, obviously. There's a decent food selection, too. I love their pita and hummus. They also have Everything bagels, which I like lightly toasted and plain. I get weird looks when I tell them to hold the butter and cream cheese. Anyway, what really makes this place great is the staff. Hands down--the friendliest bunch of baristas in town. I have no shame in spending every waking hour in this coffee shop. I get all my work done, and I see friendly faces. I feel like one of them. Lol. Okay, I'll stop now. Try the latte or the tea. Great selection of herbal teas--my goodness. Excellent stuff.
5	I've been a regular here for years, and Cafe Kopi has never failed to impress.  Their coffee and tea is superb (my favorite being the chai bombs), and the food isn't half-bad either.  I particularly enjoy the basket of sliced pitas with hummus - their hummus is amazing!  Also, the "pots of tea" are great.  I'd suggest that anyone spending time in downtown Champaign come here!
2	I like the idea of Cafe Kopi, but the drink are less then impressive. On the plus side, there's ample seating!
4	Cafe Kopi is one of my favorite places in Champaign-Urbana and one of my most favorite coffee shops in the whole world. More than anything else, I love the character of the coffee shop with art exhibitions, with such a diverse set of customers, and such a warm environment. The coffee is good, the tea selection is very nice. The quality of the food is very good. Unfortunately, the internet connection is not good and if you are a UIUC affiliated personnel and you want to connect to UIUC network using your VPN, it does not work there.  Overall, I love cafe Kopi and hope that it will be alive for ever.
5	I had some time to kill a couple times in Champaign. I tried this place and also Cafe Aroma. Both were nice but I definitely would go back to Cafe Kopi. It's as good as it gets with regard to coffee houses. Huge seating area so it didn't feel crowded and I didn't feel pressured even during peak hours (although it was a weekday so I can't address possible weekend crowding). The food was really delicious and the coffee was excellent too. The atmosphere was very pleasant and the people seemed good-natured. I definitely enjoyed my hours here and would like to return next time I'm in the area.
5	Perfect Iced coffee, and I mean perfect. The only place I've found that actually cold presses their iced coffee instead of just icing down espresso into a bitter mess. The rest of their menu is great too, including the food, but man, is that cold press good!
1	While I can see the appeal of this large coffeeshop for hours of studying, I had the misfortune of finding a piece of a plastic wrapper in my mocha.  This along with the dozens of flies in the shop (as well as in the food case) convince me that sanitation and cleanliness are not high on Cafe Kopi's priority list. I'd remove this from your list of coffee options when visiting Champaign-Urbana.
3	Located this place on yelp and stopped for lunch. Great atmosphere and character, clearly a place to study on the weekend. We ordered a sandwich and a coffee, which both were great. Recommend the Turkey and Brie open faced sandwich.This place would definitely get another star if it were easy to find a seat. Every table in the place has 1 person sitting at it with an empty coffee cup and a MacBook Pro- you could make a great commercial about it. There were literally no tables to sit at and no one appears to vacate a table during peak thinking times. Great if you grab a table early, but sucks if you need somewhere to sit and eat your food.
3	I've been here over a dozen times. For a coffee shop, it's terrible. The only good coffee drink I've had is the Cafe Miel. Also, the baked goods are just terrible. I had a muffin and had to force myself to eat it because I didn't have time to get anything else. So why am I giving it 3/5 stars? Because the lunch is excellent. And the environment is the best. I come here a lot ti get a pot of tea and lunch and work. I love it for that but I wouldn't recommend it to an outsider. There are much better places in town!
4	Like everyone else said, it's a good place to study (though be careful which table you choose, some are wobbly). Everyone who works here is super nice and the little pots of teas are perfect for the winter. The coffee is decent, too. I will say that I am not a fan of the food here. I think it's overpriced and sloppy. The baked goods especially are almost inedible- I wish they would just get pastries from Pekara a block away! Once I had an oreo brownie here, and it was beyond terrible. Still, I'm giving it 4 stars because I like it for coffee and studying.
5	I love Cafe Kopi!  My husband and I come here every Saturday and have for years.  The owner and staff could not be friendlier!  They are efficient, courteous and always polite.  I have come here many times for coffee with friends and have never had a problem finding a table; especially since they have expanded.  Sitting outside is one of the best things to do over the summer as the downtown area has become quite the place to be when you just want to sit and people watch or hear local groups playing  on Fridays, during happy hour in the summer.   The only slight negative I would give is the scones.  We used to buy them all the time here as they came from a local bakery.  Not sure where they come from now; but they are just not the same.  That does not deter me from my 5 star rating!A big thank you to Kopi-for making Saturday mornings a time we look forward to!!!
4	There isn't lots of room to study; most tables are typically being used, but if you do find a spot, it's a great place to work.  Typically quiet, with a noise level just above library-silence, and a nice bright ambiance in the "green" room.  The "yellow" room is typically just a little bit noisier, but still relatively quiet compared to Espresso Royale.  Music barely audible and of the "indie" variety, and there is always free naturally-flavored water!  I love this place, but wish it would be open later than midnight.  I could honestly work here for hours at a time.  Docking 1 star only because it's usually hard to find a good spot.  I guess I should say something about the beverages... I haven't consumed food here, so I will leave that out, though I will say it is available and seems tasty if you want a quick refuel.  Coffee-- I've had a few of the different concoctions and have never been disappointed.  I am particularly in love with their "miel" coffee, which is basically honey and milk with coffee.  Tea, however, is the surprise triumph, here.  I don't know what they do to their green tea latte, but it's different and greatly superior to any other I've ordered pretty much anywhere.  The bold green "earthiness" is balanced with a sweet shot of vanilla.  This is typical of green tea lattes, but the one at Kopi is particularly "earthy," for the lack of a better descriptor.  I also love the regular teas, plentiful in selection and served with an adorable teapot if you're drinking in-house.  Five stars, minus the lack of seats.   If you find one, you're set.
4	I've recently been experiencing very hit or miss service. When done right, they make a very good chai latte, chai bomb, and cafe miel.
5	This coffee shop got me through college. I use to love going here in the summer. lots of outdoor seat. When I first started going there, they served beer and wine. It was amazing. Studying late at night, nothing like a glass of wine to help ease the pain but NO MORE. haha and thats fine. They recently expanded the coffee shop so now they can fit twice as many people as before. They do a great job with their coffee and my favorite latte is the  MIEL. It is a mix of vanilla and honey. Let me tell you... it is perfect. I get it every time I am down in Champaign. I don't think I have ever had another latte like it anywhere else. And I used to work at a coffee shop in Chicago. I even tried to replicate it once but it didn't come out the same. They close at midnight every night [at least they use to] so it is great for some college cramming. Plus their food is organic and delicious.
3	Kopi's okay, but there's nothing to really recommend it over any of the other coffee shops. The beverages are better than Espresso Royale, but I'd rather drink at Dunkin Donuts than Espresso. I have friends who really like the atmosphere, but I don't like studying in public, so I can't really say. I do like their baked goods, and the location is really nice, as are the outdoor seats.
5	Great place for late night studying since they're open until midnight! I love the big room with little lamps at the tables. Also, a very friendly staff and great coffee, of course.
3	Good coffee and hot drinks. Breakfast menu leaves a bit to be desired. Something other than pastries?
5	Very delicious and not too sweet drinks! One the cutest and coolest coffee joints I've ever seen. The baristas are awesome.
1	This review is based on my experience sitting outside.  In the summer, as many others do, I enjoy sitting outside to meet others and have great coffee.Unfortunately, the majority of the tables outside of Cafe Kopi allow smoking, even though many of these tables are less than 15 feet from the door.  I have been sitting here for an hour and a half and I have not been able to enjoy this for more than five minutes, as the stream of smoking is constant.I would think that in this day and age, cafes would discourage smoking so as not to harm the health of other guests.This is intolerable, and I won't be back to sit outside.Coffe is good, but my lungs are worth more.
5	I really like this coffee shop!  I have been here a few times when my band has played in town!  It's a great coffee shop with lots of options on food, and drinks! The coffee is fantastic, service is great, and it's a great place to kill a few hours working!  Lots of outlets, clean bathrooms, and great service!
5	I'm a coffee shop-kind of girl.  It may come from working part-time as a barista over the past 4 years or perhaps more simply because I love the quiet solitude of drinking coffee (or your caffeinated beverage of choice) with others in a space that can serve an office, a spot to relax, or a location to catch up with friends.  It might be silly to say, but I think you get a sense of whether or not you'll like a coffee shop and, in regards to Cafe Kopi, I got that "I'm going to like it here" feeling as soon as I walked under the store front awnings and through the glass front door.  The lighting is just right, the music is a suitable volume and of a pleasant variety, and the staff were very friendly.  I ordered the iced Cafe Miel (a single shot latte with honey and vanilla) after reading some other Yelpers' reviews.  After talking with the barsta, she assured me that it was good both hot and cold.  I thoroughly enjoyed it as I read my book on this quiet Sunday morning.  It was definitely a nice option for those that are not Mocha lovers.I can't speak to the food, but I can speak to the ambience.  It was a comfortable spot to read and get some work done and it is a place that I hope to frequent during my brief stay in Champaign.  There was plenty of seating and outlets; Cafe Koki definitely has the potential to be a great study spot not far from the U of I campus.Stop in and see if you get that "I think I'm going to like it here" feeling yourself!
3	Cafe Kopi is one of my favorite cafe's in Champaign, due to their awesome location and free wi-fi.  My friends and I will generally meet up there if we're not looking to go to a bar--there are so few other places downtown that have such generous amounts of seating and stay open late (12AM!).The last time I was there, I stayed from afternoon until later in the evening, and the staff were kind enough to let me hog a table (although it never got overly full).  They have a yummy hummus and the coffee is OK.  I'd advise against the tea (doesn't seem very fresh, so the flavor is a little lacking).  To cap it off, they're credit card friendly!If you're looking for a place to chill downtown, give them a try!
4	So pretty. So yummy.Cafe Kopi is my favorite coffee shop in this town. The baristas are angels. They know how to make a drink, a talent so rare. The bakery items are too pricey for being so, so, SO blah (please just go down to Aroma or Pekara or Cream and Flutter or anywhere else if you're hungry), and their 6 buck sandwiches will make you weep because of how small and flimsy they are.But if you want some coffee, some really good coffee (and decadent espresso drinks), bring 10 books and plop yourself down because it's an experience.
4	This is a great study spot with good coffee. It has a great cozy-coffee shop feel. They have a lot of power outlets and the music is not overpowering. My favorite thing to get here is the chai tea latte. The customers have this mutual understanding that it is a study spot. If you need to cram many hours for an exam kopi provides the right environment.
2	Very unimpressed.  I had the turkey pesto panini.  It was OK, but definitely overpriced, and very short on turkey.  My wife had the ham and swiss.  She didn't think to ask what was on it, and was extremely surprised with rye bread (makes her sick), onion, and what smelled like a vinegar based sauce.  The drinks were OK, I had a spiced cider that tasted good, but not great.  She had chai tea, and it seemed to lack flavor compared to a typical chai.It was relatively quiet, so we were able to eat without being disturbed.  It's definitely small though, so if it gets busy, there would likely be no room to work with.  I wish we wouldn't have had to pay for parking, but that's just an extra cost of eating downtown.  Until the city stops charging for parking, there isn't much to do about that.Overall, nothing bad.  But as the two star rating indicates, "Meh.  I've experienced better."
4	Was looking for a good espresso while driving through, found it here.  Also a great selection of snacks and light meals.  Would go again when in the area.
5	I thoroughly enjoyed my time at Cafe Kopi. I was there on a Tuesday afternoon for a couple of hours. Internet speeds were great and the food was fantastic. I ordered a turkey and Swiss from the sandwich menu. They have free cucumber or orange infused water. The art was beautiful and the atmosphere was on point. 5 stars from me!
3	Across the street from Esquire, Cafe Kopi has an inviting exterior, beckoning you in to try one of their lovely drinks on these freezing winter days!Upon entering, I was definitely feeling the relaxing vibe. I could definitely see myself studying here if I went to school here. It was quiet, chill, and CLEAN. Another thing I liked. Unfortunately, neither barista greeted us, even after eye contact. And there were five of us. I know they saw us. Immediately overwhelmed by the 'Oh-you're-not-a-hipster-like-us?' vibe, which, ironically, did go with the ambiance of the place. It was slightly irking, but I got over it and walked past them to look at the huge chalkboard menu! Ordering was as pleasant as the barista's demeanor, what a surprise. /sarcasmOpted for the cafe late, which turned out to be delicious! Wasn't too hot, wasn't too cold. Perfect for the weather. We did have trouble find a table on account of how full they were, but after we sat everything was fine. There are stairs in the back, but DO NOT GO UP THESE. There is no seating! It's a trap! Just mosey around the corner to the other half of the cafe and ignore the inviting stairs.Oh, and make sure to clean up after yourselves when you're done! There are tubs for dishes and glassware here and there for you. No one likes to clean up after someone else's mess! Key points then;-Good drinks-Snooty baristas-Very full
