4	There is some flavor for everyone in this shopping center.  I have written about most of the shops here, excluding a few, and plenty of hobbies are covered.  There is a place for dog lovers, smokers, horticulture fanatics, coffee fans, movie-goers, and outdoorsmen (and women, of course).  I want to give my number one pick to one that I didn't mention above and that is Park Road Books, thank God there is a place for book readings besides Barnes and Nobles.  This shouldn't exclude any of the other stores, because they are all great.  It seems to draw a more upscale crowd, but that is only the area.  I never experienced any rude employees or guests.  A real winner for gift giving and window shopping.
4	I believe this is the oldest shopping center in Charlotte, filled with local businesses, not having given in to the chain/franchise fad. The stores here are great & all unique to Charlotte.You'll find everything you need in this shopping center. They have a Harris Teeter for your groceries, plenty of banking options for your money, a couple restaurants for your going out, a movie theater for the latest flicks, & plenty of stores for all your shopping needs. I'm a big fan of Park Road Books, which is a great little bookstore that is so much better than a big chain store. I also really like the Great Outdoor Provision Co, supplying you with all your outdoor gear needs.Park Road Shopping Center holds a dying breed of stores & you'll be amazed at the variety this place has. You can get basically anything you need here & feel good about it because you're giving back to local businesses. Park Road is the oldest, longest lasting shopping center in Charlotte for a reason, & hopefully it will continue on for years & years.
4	I can totally envision this shopping center in the days of the cart and buggy. Well, maybe that's stretching it a bit far, but what I like about this center is the older, but not run-down feel. Park Road Shopping Center is filled with busy people coming and going and I have never seen a down time when I've been here. There are so many stores packed in this area that anyone can find anything here! They have restaurants in the main strip or behind it, a Hallmark, Harris Teeter, Post Office, Michael's, drive up banking...oh and a real bank, Monkey Joe's, Blackhawk ACE Hardware (you can find almost anything here...see other review), bike stuff, sporting stuff, shoes and clothing, local bookstore, even fun for the movie-goers. The only issue with this center is the parking. I always get anxious driving through here because it can get so congested, people driving down the lane the wrong way, someone trying to parallel park, dodging pedestrians...yikes.Go here and explore the afternoon away!
5	Old Skool does not represent much better than the Park Road Shopping Center.  At the heart, it is a strip mall, but it is so much more.  There are your average strip center shops and somewhat unsurprising destinations like banks, pizza and even a theatre, but then you get the good stuff.There is Bedford Falls Toys.  Blackhawk Hardware.  The Carolina Soda Shoppe.  Park Road Books.  Suarez Bakery.  Make sure to visit the Park Road Key Key Shop in a photomat-sized booth in the middle of the parking lot.  Truly awesome.  Makes me want to pick it up, throw it in the back of a truck and toss it off of a bridge, Police Academy style.Even the parking lot is decent - something you will be unable to find in most shopping centers in Charlotte.  I only wish they were closer to my side of town.
4	Since I've spent a fair amount of time in this shopping center, I feel compelled to review it as a whole. Park Road Shopping Center is a bit like a hip grandma - it's kind of old, but folks love the history and it's still relevant and cool overall. You really can get a quite bit accomplished at this shopping center - grab a cupcake at Tizzerts or Suarez, stop at the Teeter, grab a few toys at Bedford, snag some varied home goods at Blackhawk, get your craft on at Michael's, shop at Recycle Boutique, Omega Sports or Julie's, pamper your pooch at Urban Pet and cap it off with a movie at Park Road Theaters. While the building itself looks a little sad and oh-so-brown, it's what's inside that counts, friends. Do yourself a favor and take an hour or two to explore Park Road Shopping Center. Shop on, friends.
3	Shopping center with all the trimmings. They have everything that's required by "Shopping Center Law" - a supermarket, a hardware store, a post office, a bagel/coffee shop, a hair salon and if you look really close in the back, they have a shoe repair shop and a dry cleaners.Even though they have adhered to the Law, they have exceeded the number of speed bumps that should be permitted in such a place. Bam! Bam! Bam! They keep the speed down, which is a good thing because the pedestrians tend to not look for cars and just step out into traffic. Then there are the drivers who don't look for pedestrians. I'm talking to you, elderly lady in the land yacht!You can park and pop into the post office, or you can use one of the drive-up mailboxes.Getting out can be a good time. It's well worth your effort to drop down to the lower exit where there is a traffic light.
5	My Favorite Coffee Spot! Spacious, Free Wifi, Great coffee and service. You won't find better customer service then this Caribou Coffee.
5	Love the location!
4	My 400th review!Where I'm not the biggest fan of getting in and out of this shopping center, I'm a fan of quite a few of the businesses found here. This place opened up in the 50's and was a hot ticket for shopping...and still is(?). Come here on the regular and a few of my favorites are:Park Place TheatreCarolina Soda ShoppeGreat Outdoor Provision (sometimes)Blackhawk Hardware (free popcorn!)The Flying BiscuitIt's a great place to shop. Getting out of here onto Woodlawn is a little tough. Beware of long lines of cars.
4	I don't often get over to Park Road Shopping Center, but it does contain a few places that I do enjoy.  A first time diner at The Flying Biscuit last night, I am now a fan - awesome!   I have been to Suarez Bakery several times over the years and always find some fresh, sweet treats to enjoy there (including the hard-to-find creme horn - yum!).  A Bruegger's Bagels with a Caribou Coffee inside (for now?!) and a Michaels Arts & Crafts.  I have never been to the movie theater, as I have it's similar theater, Ballantyne Village, closer to me, but it plays mostly indie and late run films based on what I have seen on Fandango.  It appeared last night that they are changing their signage, so currently there are mostly banner signs up for businesses.  A facelift on this old gem is a nice touch.  There is parallel parking along the front of the stores, and plenty of diagonal spaces in the parking lot.  Great little shopping center.
4	I'm really started to dig the Park Road Shopping Center!It's old school charm meets new businesses and restaurants. They are doing some remodeling to the buildings but still keeps the charm.Okay so here's the run down... there is a little bit of everything here! But some of my favorites food places are The Flying Biscuit and Bruegger's Bagels. But they also have a tons of shops; a drug store, post office, Harris Teeter and even a movie theater. I mean what more could you ask for???So no matter the need, you can get lots done here! This is my second day returning in a row....so clearly I'm a fan!
4	I decided to stop here on the way home from the airport.  It's a great shopping center with history that's about to be changed due to the current owners.
4	Nice center and getting better as they continue renovations. Lot's of variety. Plenty of outdoor seating. Great place to spend a couple hours shopping, relaxing or socializing. Free WiFi in many places.
4	The shopping center of all shopping centers, that is currently getting better and better by the day.  I have been a frequent visitor to Park Road Shopping Center over the last 10 years, and shocked I haven't written a review yet.  In years past it was okay, but over the last two years they have been conducting a complete revamp of not only the frontier, but rather a lot of the individual stores have done some construction, all for the better, as well.In addition to some construction some new places have moved in, Cantina 1511, Va Da Vie, etc. that have increased customers visiting this spot.  Unfortunately you must be prepared for a lot of traffic and some tight parking spots.  Overall I will say you can get almost everything you need in one day done here, Post Office, Grocery Store, Movies, Bakery, Hardware, Brunch, Lunch and Bakery Treats...among so much more.
5	As others have opined, this is a "throwback" shopping center that is the "anti-mall" and that's why I LOOOOOVE this center! Like my friend Kate says, you can get a lot done while here.....like get charcoal for the Big Green Egg at Blackhawk, milk and groceries from the Teet, pet supplies, bike equipment, craft supplies etc ad nauseum...then stuff your face at Sir Edmond Hillary's, grab some pastries at Suarez's and wash it all down with the best gelato ever at Va Da Vie's!People have complained about the tight roads and precarious parking. Check. Agreed. But in COMPARISON to the HORRIFIC parking at Southpark Mall this place is heaven! Now that Cantinal 1511 has moved in, you have even more dining choices. And don't forget about the cool retro Park Road theatres!For Charlotte this really us a great place and thankfully it's only 5 mins from my house!
