5	I got a stroller from here for my daughter that was delivered from Atlanta, GA and not a thing was wrong with it. I didn't have any problems, I just gave them my name and they got it from the back. They are very friendly, and helpful. I also got Christmas gifts for my daughter and others on a separate occasion with no problems, everything they advertised was there, and the correct price. I got in and out. Didn't spend over a penny more than my planed budget. I was so excited. lolol.
4	Great customer service. Convenient location. Large assortment of games which is appreciated but the prices are a bit high.Minus the prices, I dig it.
3	This is a solid location for Toys R Us, but the building itself does appear to be on the downside of it's useful life. It might even be living on borrowed time. A good power washing could help, or it could start poking holes in the walls and then they would just have to tear it down.If this location were in South Park, it probably would have been razed already since it is a bit of an eyesore. Then again, if it were in South Park, it would probably carry some sort of overpriced baubles rather than the row after row of only slightly expensive toys that we all know and love. Enjoy it for what it is.
2	The parking lot is dark and scary.  There were rusty carts strewn about.  Boxes and toys were all over the floor in the store.  I went twice in the past week and they had one register open with four other people doing nothing both times.  First cashier wasn't friendly but the most recent one was.  The prices were okay.  I had a Groupon for the first visit and 15% off for the second.  The store needs a major overhaul and some employees who care.
3	LOL!  I love how everybody refers to this location's creepy feel.  It does seem to bring the ol', "One two, Freddy's coming for you, three four, you better lock your door" thing to mind.Sure the place is a bit dated and dillapidated, but it gets the job done.  The selection is plentiful and fairly priced.  The prices are going to be a bit more than places that aren't specifically "toy stores," but you came to a toy store for a larger selection of toys...didn't you?  The customer service has always been a bit hit or miss here.  Sometimes the workers are hanging out like extras on a movie set...and at other times...they're stalking you like a bum in a liquor store.Toys R Us usually gets my patronage around Christmas time.  It serves its purpose and I don't really have any complaints about it.
2	I have been in this place several times and have had mixed experience. The service here is not so great. I had a question about a video game for my nephew and I felt like I was putting the clerk off by asking questions. The store was a bit disorganized, but I would expect that for a Saturday afternoon.
3	I've got to jump on the bandwagon, here.  This store has been here for a long time and really needs a refreshment.  The outside is old and dilapidated and could stand a new coat of paint.  The inside serves it's purpose but the shopping carts are rusty and old school.  There also never seems to be enough staff around at checkout.Other than that, they have toys and that's what you're there for.
5	Always very helpful in this location.  The employees really seem to care about helping customers.  Store is always clean and well stocked.  Today we picked out a 16" bike for my youngest.  Time to get home and ride!
