4	Been to many of their chains, up and down California. Have to say, I am a huge fan. I visit their locations in vegas at least once a day while out there. Not much to say about this location except its small and drinks are a dollar more than most locations. I still get the same drink over and over, regular vanilla ultimate with extra, extra beans. What more can I ask for.
5	Yum. The coffee was just what I needed for my morning "fix." I got a non-fat vanilla latte. Strong, but the vanilla lent a great flavor to it. Next time I will try the black forest...I was very tempted before! Too bad there aren't any in Chicago.
3	Cappuccino was good.Would have been 4 stars with some fresh lemon.
1	I came to the Palms with my girlfriend to watch a movie and thought to myself, "Awesome! They have a Coffee Bean inside!" I walked in, checked-in, and saw there wasn't any real good photos of their display, food, and staff so I take my phone and start snapping away but then a man, rude in his tone, and loud enough for the rest of the customers and his staff waiting in line could hear, starts snapping at me about their policy of no photos of the food case.I was so upset that I had to walk away, then came back to ask this person's name. His name was Sam and he was the manager of this Coffee Bean! And what a coincidence, Sam is also the duke of this Coffee Bean!  You would think the manager wouldn't be so rude and by the way he displayed his power as a manager shows how high of regard he shows to patrons and customers to the Coffee Bean. I understand some stores do have policies of no photography and those stores do post signs to alert the customer of such policies.Hey Sam! Lighten up and be a little nicer to your customers. Not everyone is aware of your policies since they're not posted up here. There is no need to be rude!1 star for horrible service BEFORE I even got to order! And won't be coming back here again. But because of this whack experience here, it turned me onto Blizzberry! HA!=======================================================UPDATE:After ordering our Blizzberry creation, Sam the manager approached us and apologized for his rudeness and explained that he was upholding the company's policy of no photographs of the case. He gave me his card and asked if there was anything he can do. I told him "No."...... I didn't have any comment but to say, OK, uh-huh. Nice gesture, but what if I wasn't sitting there anymore? Apology accepted Sam, but I hope you've changed your attitude to fit your position at this company.
1	Boo on Coffee Bean. My wife and I being the earth conscientious types, bring in our reusable thermos for our coffees and hot chocolate. Barista makes my wife's coffee in a paper cup then pours it into her thermos and throws away the cup! I tell her "That's a waste of a cup.  You can just pour it directly into our thermos." She then shrugs her shoulders and gives a stupid look on her face. Then she does it again with my hot chocolate. I point out her wasteful ways and she just responds "I don't know how to measure it in your cup." Oh geez. Go figure it out Coffee Bean. Most places, including the gas station give me a discount for saving them a cup. At least my wife liked her coffee although my hot-choc was bland. Even with their cups they can't measure.Eco-conciousness: 0 out of 2 starsFood and experience: 1 out of 3 stars
3	Service was adequate, coffee was better than average, the line was short, and the price was better than Starbucks (so was the coffee.)
2	This was stop #2 for my coupon frenzy @ The Palms. The coupon said it was good for a free coffee beverage. Well I get there and it was buy 1 get 1 free. Thankfully I was there with someone so that was an ok deal but seriously..put it on the coupon. It said a free drink.I had a caramel latte and it was ok nothing amazing.
3	Overpriced coffee, and that's evening compared to Starbucks.  Nobody should cost more than Starbucks.  Pass.
4	It is nice and quiet in the morning, the parking spaces right outside the door are open, and the craziness of the Palms is nowhere in sight. Sitting in the food court and watching the paint dry on their new wall is as exciting as this morning is going to get. By all means is this fine by me. With a yoga class to come, frantic is the last mood I want to be in. John, the barista/cashier, has a bright smile plastered on his face and is quick with the dispensing of my Phoenix Dragon Pearl/Cherry Blossom Tea. My overall experience with this Coffee Bean is more positive then most of my past ones with the Palms.
4	Needed a quick pick me up. Caramel over ice. Good service good coffee!
5	Excellent and clean Coffee Bean and tea leaf.  I had a very reasonably priced and tasty breakfast burrito.  Very good to have a place like this in the Palms Hotel.  Plenty of parking right outside.  Palms is a cool place.  Plus they have a Ben and Jerry's here.  Hats off to the staff because they were bright and nice.
5	Excellent. I would trade them in for my Starbucks loyalty. They have XL coffee sizes which is pretty nice. Much better than Starbucks.
3	This Coffee Bean is located inside the Palms Casino Resort in Las Vegas.Service: A-OKCoffee: DeliciousPrices: ASTRONOMICAL! Almost $7 for a large Americano.So - if you're staying here and are tired / hungover / don't have options, then by all means, pony up for a hot coffee and go about your day. Just be aware of the prices.
5	I am giving it 5 stars out of being grateful that it is even here... I would give it 3 stars for the prices.  It is more expensive inside of The Palms Casino but if you have a players club card or at least tell them you do, it's 10% cheaper.. It's next to my house so what do you do??  I'm not driving across town to find a cheaper one.
4	the Palms was the last stop on my self guided Vegas tour, and i desperately needed a boost after dragging myself from casino to casino in an attempt to see as much as possible in 4 nights.  did i make a special trip to Palms just for Coffee Bean?  absolutely as I've wanted to try their tea for years.i loved the Chai latte!!!  not too sweet, not too spiced... just right.  sure $5 for a "small" is a bit steep, but you're in Vegas, and everything is overpriced in the Strip's vicinity.  i wish we had more Coffee Bean's in the Sac area, but if i'm that destitute i'll make a special trip to sf and grab a fix.
1	Wow. ..shocking, coffee absolutely Sucks.  Bitter,  overly hot,  foam is bubbly like dish water. .. Where's your fine creamy foam?  The dude was so bitter who "helped" us.  Looked like he'd had a night on meth and hated the world for it.  My friend had a chai that tasted like super sweet vanilla syrup with burnt milk on it.  It cost closer on 14 Bucks.  The area is horrible amid a sad food court so we just left.  We're staying at the palms place which is great. .. so walked back and that's the only reason we went there. .. I'm no fan of star Bucks but it's easily way better any day!  Don't do it. .I'd read reviews here which were pretty bad but thought maybe those clients had a bad day. Now I'm having a bad day. ..control, alt,  delete this place for all of humanity.
4	It's your typical chain coffee shop inside of a casino. This time, the chain is the venerable but fading Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf, and the casino is The Palms. Stopped here for a cup before a concert at The Pearl. Coffee was fine. I have a hard time giving a place more than three stars for a cup of coffee, but I'll give them an extra star for the good folks at The Pearl allowing me to bring my coffee into the venue.
1	The sign says they open at 6:30 am. At 6:32 my husband and I stopped for a coffee on our way out to work -- the bakery case was still covered, and the baristas ignored us. We asked "What time do you open?" and she replied "6 more minutes" then continued to ignore us with a smirk on her face. This might be a great coffee spot, but we wouldn't know. CRAPPY service - fire your lazy staff and hire someone who cares!
2	Too pricey, coffee was meh. Its Vegas, what did I expect, right?
5	Staff her is super friendly and they make great drinks
4	Prices are a little high here but the service is great. No wait either early in the morning which is surprising. It was even busy but they were able to keep up. Nice job guys, definetly will be back
5	I needed an extra boost before a busy night at work and had extra time to stop into The Palms before work.  I had a coupon for a buy one get one and ordered a hazelnut white chocolate iced latte. Joe was super friendly and made sure my drinks were ready quickly since I needed to get to work. I think I'm starting to like this coffee joint better than my others, they are always quick and friendly. Thank You for giving me a great start to my busy night.
3	Any coffee shop other than that overpriced overhyped Starbucks is good for me.  Located in the Palm's food court, you can get your coffee needs here.  I'm not a fan of McDonalds but love their coffee.  If it's coffee you want, then head over to McDonalds where is just as good, but much cheaper.  But if you want ice blend, cappuccino, espresso, then come over here.
2	The only good thing about this coffee bean is that it is conveniently located in the Palms Hotel. You have the option of eating the Earl of Sandwich catching a movie or even chowing down on some McDonald's :-) when my partner and I walked up, the associate at the front counter did not know what the lactose free options were. He had a thick accent which was hard to understand. One of his coworkers spoke over us and clarified the milk options. After we placed our order, there was at least five minutes that our coffee was not made. When we look behind the counter, everyone was talking and the lids to our drinks were sitting on the counter. One of the employees was talking about how her mom likes drinks to be made... I don't mind employees talking, but they should at least make my coffee first. Also, I suppose the employee who took the order did not have an open drawer because he asked us to wait. To pay.
1	Alan and his team were not very proactive. It was awkward ordering from them. Also they didn't seem to not know what was in there products. They need extra training and better customer service. Get it together
2	yuck, not only did they mess up the orders twice but they don't even blend out the milk correctly.
3	I don't encounter too many Coffee Bean's, but I absolutely love the blended drinks!  I had the hazelnut flavor this time, and I could have had 10 of them they were so good! The location in the Palms casino isn't ideal, but the two guys making drinks were really friendly. I was going to try a pastry, but lost interest..all the treats looks mass produced.
5	As always great coffee with great service.  Especially at 7 am.  Pumpkin Spice Latte was good, added an extra shot of espresso. Wait for it,  wait for it. .. you guessed it the price!  A whopping $7.77 for a regular cup!  I could have gotten a venti caramel macchiato at Starbucks for that price and still walked out with change!  Maybe it's just Vegas. Idk, next time I'll just go to Macas (Mc Donalds) and get a breakfast combo for that price.  The server was friendly and perky which was a plus.
5	The coffee was great! But what made it complete were the staff on duty Justin and Muhammad ! Very friendly, knowledgeable, I'll definitely be back :)
2	This place is hit or miss. We were able to each score a $6 for $10 Groupon, so that was good. However, this place is WAY overpriced. I mean like REALLY overpriced, a few dollars over any Starbucks Manhattan price expensive. The first time here, I asked for an iced pumpkin chai. And I got stared at like I had ten heads. I was told that, they don't put ice in their iced drinks. What? Then what makes it iced? The girl told me though that if I wanted ice in my iced chai, she'd give me ice, though no one ever asks for it. Okay....and $7, (yes $7) for this drink that was disgusting. It was undrinkable. I had to throw it away, I felt awkward going back up and asking for something else. I also got the YaYa's yogurt parfait, and that was very tasty, but it was $5 so it was still expensive. For breakfast for two and two drinks (boy got an unsweetened iced tea and a plain bagel) it was like $23. Gimmie a break! Sorry, but that's just way too expensive, even for a food court in a casino. The second time around, I tried one of their famous blended drinks, the small mocha with soy, and the boy got an iced earl grey tea. Tip - if you like iced tea, they can make any of their regular teas iced so you will have plenty of flavor choices. The large iced tea is $5, FYI. And no, they won't question you on your wanting ice in your iced tea drink, just if you want iced chais. :)I guess if you are able to get the Groupon, give it a try, but honestly - right next door is Earl, and you get unlimited free refills and for half the price.
