3	This place is convenient. That's mostly the reason why I come here.  Yes, the Biltmore is a walk across the street, but walking there and back is 15 minutes alone.  This place used to be housed in the middle courtyard under a tent while their brick  & mortar building was being constructed.  Once their restaurant opened, prices for items that used to be sold under the tent went up a couple of dollars - granted some of the sandwiches now come with a more variety of sides, it's still a steep hike.  During the lunch hour, it definitely gets busy - but not as busy as when it first opened.  The staff seems to still struggle a little as far as getting everything together - sometimes they are a bit slow.  But they definitely are friendly so that makes up for not getting mad for the slowness.  Anyhow, the sandwiches are pretty decent - the portabello, the pulled pork is pretty tasty.  Salads are big. They also have a daily special pasta station for $7.99 +tax.  You'll find that most of their items are $7.00 and up.  Again, glad this place is here for convenience.
5	My office is located at the Esplanade across the street from Empire Cafe. We are always looking for different places to order from that will deliver. We tried out Empire Cafe for breakfast yesterday morning. We placed an order Friday afternoon for 7 breakfasts to be delivered at 9am on Monday. I was very impressed with the efficiency. I got a call around 8:15 Monday to confirm the order and we received our breakfasts at 9am on the dot. Our first (favorable) impression was that everything was still HOT. And it only got better from there. The order was filled exactly as ordered - no mistakes. Everyone enjoyed their meal very much - not one negative comment. We are now looking forward to our next staff lunch meeting so we can try out the lunch menu.
1	thats a negative 1. I had diarrhea for a week the virus was soo bad.
5	OK, we just had a lunch staff meeting and ordered from Empire Cafe. Again, they did not disappoint. We ordered about 8 sandwiches with sides and everything was delivered as ordered and on time. The sandwiches and salads were all very good. I personally loved the home made potato chips (and my "Empire" sandwich was delicious too!). The potato salad was "everything you wanted potato salad to be" per my co-worker. Everyone gave the Empire Cafe a thumbs up as far as whether or not to order from there again. I think that says it all!
4	Just had a chicken quesadilla here that was super good! Staff is quite friendly and the cafe is very clean.
2	This place replaced a great little sandwich shop in an office complex.  I wish the other place could come back!  One morning I ordered a bagel (untoasted) and it was somehow moist and chewy.  No more Empire bagels for me!  I've gotten coffee there a few times, and both times they had their flavored coffee and regular coffee carafes mixed up so that if you wanted regular coffee you ended up with flavored coffee and vice versa.  I had a takeout salad from there for lunch one day when my employer ordered in lunch for us.  The salad was big and tasty, but I'm sensitive to preservatives and ended up with a raging headache by the end of the day.  I thought the chicken in my salad tasted a little salty as I ate it, so maybe it was the salad that gave me a headache, or maybe it was other things.  Either way, I'll bring my lunch next time if my employer wants to order from them again for convenience.  Now I walk across the street to Bruegger's Bagels if I want a quick sandwich or salad.  They have much better food and prices.
5	I eat here often and have never been disappointed. Friendly staff, great eats at a good price for the neighborhood. My recommendations are the salmon Caesar salad, Biltmore burger or the fresh soups. Oh and don't forget some home made chips on the side!
5	Another great lunch at empire cafe!!love the prime rib sandwich keep up the good work
3	If you work in the Biltmore area, this is a great place to grab a quick bite.  The food is not terribly overpriced and is usually pretty tasty.  They sometimes get orders mixed up, but overall they do a pretty good job.  The breakfast burrito is probably the best thing on the menu.  You also can't go wrong at lunch with one of the melts or the chicken quesadilla.
4	Tried this place this morning.  I have been disappointed with some of the other places near this area for breakfast.  I was pleasantly surprised, tried their omelette, it was fresh and tasted great.   There coffee was much better than the diner I have been getting breakfast at.Food was served quick and the place was clean and had a huge tv to catch the morning news.  Prices were very reasonable.I will be back.
4	They have a great lunch, the burgers are really good. Have been working in the area and have been their several times and have not been disappointed.
2	Seriously....i prefer to go to potbelly....for 1/2 the price.  I heard this place was awarded something, i can't imagine what.  The sandwich was meh....ok.
