5	Adam did an amazing job tinting my Solara! I have recommended him to all my friends and family and the next vehicle I own without tint I'm definitely calling him to do the job! Very nice and professional he explained everything he was doing and how to care for the tint. I couldn't be happier with the work and service!! :)
5	Adam was very professional and reliable.. did a great job too.  He is going to come back and do some of my home windows next week.  I would highly recommend his for your tinting needs.
5	Emailed Adam for a quote on my vehicle and he responded that same day. His rates were reasonable. Scheduled to have him tint my vehicle first thing on a Friday morning. When he showed up, he explained the options (tint level). He was very professional, accommodating, and his work was excellent. His mobile setup is very convenient for me. Would highly recommend him to anyone. Oh, He gave me a terry cloth/window wiper cloth with his company's name and phone number embroidered on it...Better than a business card!
5	Adam tinted Mine and my friends car. He did an excellent job. He comes to you whenever its convenient. I will definitely go back to him.
5	Called up Adam to get my windows tinted on my 85 Grand National.I didn't feel like leaving my car at some random shop, so the fact that he came right to my house within a few hours of calling him was awesome!He took good care of my Grand National and I honestly couldn't ask for better results.It was so good that I called him back and had him tint my accord. Again, it came out awesome. On top of all this his prices are very fair, I called around to a bunch of REPUTABLE tint shops here in the valley and his prices are much better.I would recommend him to anyone needing/wanting some tint on their car.
5	He's tinted 4 cars for us over 4 years time - a BMW X3, a 740 BMW, a Mercedes SL500 & another SUV. I didn't know him before I hired him - I called because I saw his website on his car in our neighborhood. Awesome work, professional, right on time as promised every time, good price.
5	These guys did an excellent job tinting my subaru wrx! They came out the same day to my house. Tint job was top notch as well. They were very clean with the install on the car. Left absolutely no mess behind. I was very impressed with their service.
5	I made an appointment with this young man, and he did a great job.   Did exactly what I asked him to do, the tint looks really really good, and he charged me a very fair price.  AND he came to my house.  What more could you ask for?  Call him, you will be pleased.  Isn't it amazing how much different your car looks when the windows are tinted?
2	I like the idea of this mobile service and checked it out because of all of the positive reviews - Unfortunately no service performed here though.. I checked out the website and requested the quote/appointment there.  Never got a call or email and they didn't  show at the date/time requested.  Because of all of the positive reviews, I'll chalk it up to a technical issue and leave it at that.  Perhaps I'll try again in the future and have a better outcome.
1	I sent an email to Adam to get more information and schedule an appointment to get a single replacement window on my vehicle tinted. Initially, Adam responded in 24 hours. But, once I then responded with times and days that i am available in order to schedule an appointment, I did not hear back. After a couple days, I went to a more professional and customer-service oriented business. Their service was also $15 less than what Adam had quoted me in his first and only response. (Dann'y Family Window Tinting).
5	Great job done!  Adam was able to fit me in on a busy week, and glad it was done. Started at 4p and ended at 7p, old tint stripped, and new tint applied to back window and all 4 doors of my wife's Camry Hybrid.  Adam and Gabe was very thorough checking and rechecking to make sure all the film was done right and if anything was amiss: detailed-oriented, very professional. Save yourself the time to keep searching for someone to tint or retint your vehicle: very satisfied with Adam and Tint AZ.
5	Called Adam to tint my VW beetle.  He called back immediately with a quote and even beat the current Groupon price, plus he comes to you which made the deal even sweeter.  The car came out fantastic and he cleaned up all the overspray and left the car cleaner than it was.  Highly recommended! Thanks again Adam.
5	Adam tinted my car windows last week.  He was very professional.  He returned my phone call quickly and set up an appointment to come to my house.  Prompt, courteous and did a great job!  My car looks amazing. Highly recommend!
5	Adam has tinted a dozen of my cars throughout the years.  I will not go to anyone else for tint. His work is flawless and I have never had a problem.  Plus he is mobile and will come to you!
5	Adam is a true professional and perfectionist! He was prompt and courteous and took his time on the tint job. You can tell he really knows his stuff. The car came out beautifully and by far the best tint job I've ever had on a car. He is more than worth his cost.
5	I'm an artist and needed to tint something unusual. Adam was extremely professional and helpful, and helped me get the piece finished quickly. Would definitely recommend.
5	Great experience with Adam at TintAZ.  Adam added tint to my car about 2 years ago and I love the work he did.  Additionally, there was a small problem with the tint that developed over time and upon calling Adam he was extremely receptive to setting up an appointment to come by and repair the problem. He fixed the window and it did not cost me a penny as he guarantees his tinting product.  I offered Adam a small tip for his time and also to show him my appreciation for repairing the tint at no cost and he refused to take the tip.  I'm about to get a new car and without a doubt, he is who I will hire for my tint needs. Five star review!
5	The service and quality is great. Adam is a professional who really knows his stuff. Pleasant and friendly it was truly a much better experience than I expected. He did the windows on my car and my girlfriends car, and we couldn't be any happier!
5	Adam has tinted the windows in my home as well as my toy hauler and the work is top notch. He has more choices when it comes to different shades of tint compared to other companies I've hired in the past. He is a trustworthy and nice guy, I won't go to anyone else for tint services.
5	I couldn't be happier with my tint job from Adam. He does awesome work, and has a pleasant and friendly personality. I would highly recommend him, and will definitely use him again for any vehicles in the future.
