3	bought Blue Man Group tickets here. $80 instead of list price of $150, AAA had tickets at 30% off list but BETTER seats. minus 1 star b/c I had to go to the box office to get the tickets - the earlier you go, the better the seats you get, supposedlyminus another star b/c they lied. they said the a/b seats would get wet, but really only the 1st 5 rows have a chance to get wet, so maybe would have been good to get closer seats via AAAtip for Blue Man Group: center is better than closer. the better seats would have been in the 5th row but would have been off to the side.
4	Tix4tonight does a good job- the are quick to service, the staff knows quite a bit about the shows they sell and advised me well. You save quite a bit on shows, especially if you have a spare evening in Vegas. One tip: as soon as you get your tickets (book early in the day), reserve your seat at the venue. You will get nicer seats and will face no queues.
3	We've used tix4tonight before, and decided to come on our last day to see what shows were available for the same night.  We stood in line around 10'ish.  Already a line formed.  The ticket  window opened at 10a.m.Our choices # 1 and # 2 struck out as it was a Monday, and many shows are dark are Mondays.Staffers walk down the line to canvas your show of interest.  This way when you get to the window, you already know what's available and what show(s) you're going to purchase.We went with Human Nature concert playing at the Venetian.  We purchased reserve seating tickets at $68.00.  We were told lower side or rear middle.  OK by us.  Thing I noticed this time that I didn't before, at the window, they try to sell you more than you asked for.  What is this with Vegas lately?  Hustle, Hustle, Hustle.We declined everything else.  Just went with Human Nature.Then we ran over to the Venetian right afterwards to get our actual tickets with seat assignment.   Arrived to the ticket window at 11a.m.  We scored two great tickets.
5	NO LINE IF YOU CALL 877-849-4868.  Cheapest tickets for shows in the area.  From the comfort of your hotel room, you can avoid waiting in line to order your tickets.  I was even able to order for a next day performance as well.Once you make your purchase, you'll need to go to the ticket window to pick up your voucher.  Don't forget to bring your ID, Credit Card and confirmation number.  Go to an attendant and tell them, your picking up tickets that you pre-ordered.  When they ask you if you've ordered with them within the last 3 days, say yes and you'll be allowed to enter the VIP line...yes I know it's a small white lie, but it will feel GREAT skipping a long wait.  If it makes you feel that bad, go to confession.Once you get your tickets, don't hesitate to go to the box office...here's why.  First of all youll get to choose where you sit based on the availability.  The bosus on a next day show is that you can be upgraded, which js what happened for both of the shows I purchased.Enjoy.  Whag happens here...stays here!
