3	On one hand, the Sea Life Aquarium is an aquarium. If you've seen one, you've seen this one. On the other hand, it's in a mall. That's right. An aquarium in a mall. I mean Concord Mills isn't your typical mall, so what did you expect? The attraction (they say that a lot) is run by a group that has a few of these - this is apparently the sixth in the US, and there are another couple of dozen scattered around Europe. So you may have seen them elsewhere, but this is the first in the area. The closest in the US is halfway across the country, so there's that.First, you buy your ticket. It's not cheap (though you can save a few bucks if you buy online, or if you buy an annual pass if you want to go a lot). Expect to spend a good percentage of $100 if you have a family of four - and well more than that if you hit up the souvenir shop on the way out.On the way in, it's not unlike a Disney attraction - you get a little countdown timer, and cute animation and everything. Only the images aren't centered properly, so the porthole of your sub isn't exactly where it should be. Ignore that and pretend the room is moving, so you actually feel like you're in a submarine, so that when the doors open, you feel like you've moved, when in reality, you've gone nowhere. A bit more money in this department would do wonders. Even a visit to a Disney property would help explain why it's needed.Regardless, you then enter a cave-like aquarium, and the fish aren't bad. They say there are thousands of them, and there could be: But there aren't a huge variety. If you've been to the NC aquariums, you've seen otters and beluga whales and all sorts of wildlife. Not here. Just a bunch of fish. Even the touch tank only has a few starfish and some hermit crabs (admittedly, they are big hermit crabs). But you can see a bunch of those at Wings when you visit Myrtle Beach, it doesn't cost you anything, you can get your favorite team painted on the shell and if it dies you can usually get a free replacement.There are a couple of nice displays - the horseshoe crabs are perhaps the most active I've seen anywhere, and they don't look dead (like they often do). The rays swim, rather than burying themselves. The blacklight display of jellyfish is cool to look at, but you can see things like that in Spencer Gifts (at least, I assume you can - perhaps I am dating myself). And the sea horses are always fun to watch. Perhaps the best display is near the end, where you can walk through a tunnel and see the head of Poseidon attached to some tentacles in some strange mythological mash-up. Most of the sharks were hanging out here, including the only hammerhead I saw the whole time.One word of caution: The displays say not to use flash, which is fine because it usually reflects off the tanks. In fact, all of the plexiglass reflects horribly, so you get exit signs, display signs and the lady from Waukegan in your pictures. Try and take one looking up in the glass tunnel and you'll get nothing but LED lights and no detail on the fish because the lights are above you - in other words, pictures are almost a no-go here. But it is a reasonably interesting half-hour, especially if you have little ones.That's right, I said half-hour. While it's a big place for the mall, it's not a big aquarium. You can stay about as long as you want, and you can cut through at the end to go back around again and again, but you probably won't stay very long overall. Keep that in mind, and understand what you're paying and you'll be fine.
2	I bought a Sea Life annual pass, but now I wish that I had saved my money. There really isn't much to see. I have a 2 year old and a 4 year old. We have been twice already and the last time we were in and out in 15 minutes. There is a play area, but there is virtually nothing for my 2 year old to do while my 4 year old climbs. So, I have to listen to him cry the entire time because he doesn't understand why he can't go with 'sissy'. The person that was working the play area was quite unfriendly and was acting more like a hall monitor than actually working with the kids. Both times that we went there were no coloring pages and the second time the unfriendly person working the play area didn't seem to notice or care. You end your experience in the gift shop and there is no other way out. Which is fine if you're only going once, but trying to guide two small children through the cramped gift shop without hearing tears because we are not buying something every time we come in here is very off putting for someone who has purchased an annual pass. We now have these annual passes that cost an exorbitant amount of money and I literally dread taking my kids there enough times to actually recoup the cost.
2	We were excited to go try this new Charlotte attraction.  The aquarium is located inside the mall and seemed like a good rainy day activity.  First of all it is very expensive for what you get.  It costs over $75 bucks for my family to get in.  It was very crowded and shuffled you along in groups.  They placed us in holding pens, which trust me is no fun with kids.  The whole visit took less than an hour, not a good value compared to other family attractions. The positives were that it was clean and the various aquariums were well done.  However it was very small compared to other aquariums (i.e. Atlanta).   Overall we were not please with the experience and would not spend the money again.  This is in comparison to Discovery Place (where we are annual ticket holders) which has a lot more to offer.
1	I took my 2 kids, age 1 and 3.  At the beginning we waited to get into the movie in a holding area, several people pushed by us and we had to wait for the next movie, the person working did nothing.The movie was not good for small kids.  Mine were scared and my 1 year old cried the whole time.  I wish we could have skipped it.The displays were nice but nothing unique.  My 3 year old was excited to se the "big shark" that they had in the picture but the sharks were only about a foot long?!?  There was a petting area but older kids and even a adults were pushing my little kids around.  Again, the person working didn't care and being  the one to encourage everyone to take turns was exhausting so we didn't spend much time at the exhibit that would have been interesting to my kids.  The rest was just fish. We could see the same thing at a seafood restaurant or someone's home.  It is a series of ordinary aquariums.  They are well organized.  There is information available on each on a computer touchscreen, these were too high for my kids to reach.  Everything that we saw was very clean.I stretched it out as long as I could and it barely took 45 min.You have to exit through the gift shop which I understand but is difficult with little kids not only because I have to explain why we can't buy everything but because it is cluttered and difficult to get through.I got a season pass since we are local.  Supposedly there are bring a friend days  and special exhibits that are only for season pass holders but I wasn't able to get info on either of those benefits online or at the aquarium.  We have only gone once, I've offered it to my older child several times and she says it was "not fun" and she would rather go to the (free) play area at the mall.For me, with small kids, this was not worth the money at all.   We did not enjoy it.
1	Don't waste your time or money.  Arrived at the entrance at about 2:30 on a Sunday afternoon and was told to come back at 3:30.  Arrived back and we were allowed to stand in line to buy a ticket.  We spent around $80 for 2 adults and 2 children and that was with a single $3 discount for my military discount ticket.  Our grandchildren enjoyed it, but they are 8 and 6, they just enjoyed getting out of the house.  There was a single tablet size display at each of the different stops with a small picture of the fish in the aquarium and a few larger displays for the childrens "treasure hunt".  We were in and out in 30 minutes.  The sign at the entrance said they had 5000 different creatures.  It is hard to believe that had 5000 total creatures in such a small area.  And to top it off, the main reason for us to go is that my wife loves turtles and we didn't see a single one.
2	very disappointing.  For the price paid online and all the buzz that was surrounding its opening I found it to be overpriced and cheaply done.  The walk through tank was very nice...but really that was it.  I think they need to knock the price down a bit, especially since it only takes about 30 minutes to fully go through.  Maybe just make it into an interactive cafe with learning activities.
4	My husband and I live within 15 minutes of Concord Mills, so we bought annual passes to Sea Life thinking that we would pop in throughout the year whenever we were near the mall. If we really take our time and observe everything that's there, it takes us 40 minutes to go through. It's definitely geared to children, but adults can learn plenty, too. Staff will point out things to us that we didn't even see, and are knowledgable if we have questions.We thoroughly enjoy Sea Life and can't wait to see what changes they make with their displays as time goes on. Yes, it is on the pricey side if you buy a regular ticket, but where else are you going to see such fabulous sea creatures in this area? {{If you are wanting to buy annual passes, be sure to do it the right way! If you buy a guidebook first ($4.00) you can use a coupon inside for 10% off all annual passes. The savings can really add up, especially if you have kids.}}
1	So even after all of the bad reviews, my husband and I decided we would take our 13 month old today because she loves aquariums. We thought we would give it a chance.  So I went online to try to purchase tickets and on the main website, Concord wasn't even an option. So then I went on the website directly for the Concord one and after entering half of our credit card information I couldn't even purchase tickets because something was wrong with the website.  Disappointing already and we haven't even left the house. :/
1	If there were a 0, I'd select it.  The audacity to charge so much for a pathetic display of an aquarium!  Don't waste your money or time!
2	Took 4 kids here and we took no longer than 30 minutes to go through entire Sea Life aquarium.  None of the kids really enjoyed it and I thought it was very over priced for what it was. The introduction in the beginning was ridiculous and a sad attempt at imitating Disney.  It made you believe you were on the way to a thrilling experience which never happens.  The exhibits weren't very interesting and didn't provide much information.  The kids complained that the fish weren't interesting or impressive.  The Schiele Museum in Gastonia has many more interesting things at a much better price.  I will never go again, nor will I recommend it.  The only positive thing about the aquarium was that it wasn't crowded.
5	Great place to bring your kids great staff I can't complain my family out friends and I had a blast is not so big but your kids will love it
1	HOLY CRAP is this place way overpriced!  We had some time to kill in Concord today while the rest of our group did another activity  and thought the kids would enjoy going to the new aquarium.  We paid over $90 for two adults and 3 kids.  To be fair, there is a discounted rate online if your plan ahead, but this was a spur of the moment decision.  Let me put this into perspective - our annual family pass at the NC Zoo cost $64 and covers the entire family for as many times as we'd like to visit. It also gives us free and reduced entry into other zoos and aquariums nationwide.  A similar annual pass at SEA LIFE would cost $285 for just this location.  Or $850 if we wanted to include other locations.  After the wait and expense, we were expecting something fabulous and were horribly disappointed.  Even the kids were bored after the first 15 minutes.  It really is a collection of large fish tanks with very little educational value. Out of curiosity i checked the website for upcoming special events to see if we were missing something, but there was nothing listed.  It took us less than 30 minutes to walk through and I can't say we learned anything new or interesting while we were there.Two thumbs down from everyone in our group.  Save your money and visit one of the other 5-star kid venues in the area.  I'm really annoyed that we visited today and will definitely not recommend this to friends or family.  In fact, I might make it a point to warn people about this tourist trap.  If I could give this 0 stars, I would.
2	Positive: My kids liked it.Negative: It is WAY too expensive.  It should cost about $30 for a family of four, not $80.  My annual pass that gets me into the NC aquariums and zoo is around $100.  It took less than an hour to see everything.  I do not recommend unless they lower the price significantly.
3	I would give this place more stars except that it's a little expensive for what you get. They do offer a discount if you order tix online the day before and they offer a military discount. It is really well done and easy to get to, but the parking can be a challenge. It is located in Concord Mills mall. Advertising over at 150,000 gallons of water with over 5000 creatures, The aquarium has a nice selection of pretty fish, many native to the area. There are lots of activities for children including the playground area for them to color at the end. All told, expect to spend about an hour or so there.
2	I've been to some pretty outstanding aquariums and this one doesn't compare.  To be fair, it has a lot of disadvantages based on it's location. It's in mall. It's no where near the ocean. This totally takes away the ocean atmosphere. It's hard to compare it to Waikiki Aquarium, Monterey Aquarium or Atlanta Aquarium.  That being said, it's okay for what it is. The kids enjoyed the colorful and well put together exhibits.  The playground at the end helped them burn off that energy. The fact that you can reenter all day is a plus. I'm just sad that it wasn't bigger and my kids were expecting a sea turtle.
4	I'm really excited to have an aquarium like this in the Charlotte area. I've read reviews comparing this to aquariums over 4 hours away and further. But, those aren't 20 minutes away. Those aren't somewhere we can just decide, "hey, let's go to the aquarium!"The only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars is the size. But, they've done a heck of a lot with the limited space in the mall. (Come on, how often do you see an aquarium in a shopping mall?)The most impressive part of Sea Life is their strong conservation message. They do a great job educating children and adults about the different species and the impact we (the humans) have on these natural habitats. The staff are helpful and knowledgeable, always offering tidbits or quizzing children at the various displays. I've yet to meet an employee there that didn't seem excited about their job or anxious to answer questions about the creatures on display. It also seems they do have featured exhibits that rotate in and out, so there should be something new each month or season. To those complaining about price, I'd suggest you buy an annual pass. It'll pay for itself in about 2-1/2 visits.Your mileage may vary, but my family loves Sea Life. My daughter keeps asking to go back every weekend.
3	I bought an annual pass so I could bring all of my grandkids when they came to visit so then I could save a little bit of money.  It is very expensive for what you get BUT it is a fun place to visit.  There is plenty to see and it is a nice place to spend an hour or so (less if you have been there before). It should be priced lower but I understand that there is a huge cost to maintain a place like this and I'm glad they are here... so I will continue to bring my grandchildren even though it is pricey.
3	The aquarium is great for what it is and what it tries to do.  There is plenty of sea life to see and learn about.  Just like any experience, it is what you make of it.The aquarium has been beautifully crafted to lead their patrons throughout the maze of tanks and exibits.  There are sharks, seahorses, eels and an octopus to see.Temper your expectations when visiting, this isn't SeaWorld.Where the aquarium falls short is in its pricing.  Yes, maintaining and making a profit on a place like this must require a large monetary committment...but...you had to see the complaints coming.  A family of four is going to immediately compare the price they paid for about an hour of entertainment to where they could have made better use of it.I think the price-point lets people believe they'll be stepping into an all day experience...and that will be a major hurdle for your business in the future.  I hope you figure it out...because I think the aquarium is a nice visit.
