3	Smart and stylish, The West Room has an enticing cocktail menu, but I'm not sure the food was good enough to merit a repeat visit.Overall, we said: "the West Room is smart and appealing, but I'm not convinced it's all it could be or wants to be. Their menu doesn't quite compel you towards the dishes it wants to serve you, so could use a little trimming to focus it better. It likes to market itself as the west end's "hidden gem". Certainly, if you stumble upon it on your travels, I think you'll be impressed, but impressed enough for regular repeat visits? I'm not so sure of that, as things stand.
3	Maybe I was having an off night on Friday?  Aaaages ago, a friend told me that there's a bartender in Edinburgh who knows how to make a Periodista, and that he works in the West Room.  The combination of that and the fact that I'd walked by here a number of times and thought it looked good, brought me here when I fled Ryan's Bar on Friday.  My thinking was that, even if they didn't know how to make the drink, surely they would then ask how to make it and have a stab at it, right?  That has been my experience in the past, but unfortunately was not my experience here.  I get that it was a Friday night, but they weren't that busy and I thought that was proper etiquette for a cocktail bar.  So, the lack of cocktail paired with the non-interest in attempting to make it put me off.  We got a couple of beers and, interested in getting some food, headed to the food area in the back only to learn that the tables were booked.  Well that's really completely fair enough for a Friday, but they very kind waitress actually came and found us when a table opened up and invited us to sit down.  Unfortunately by that time we were on our way out the door, but I did appreciate her effort.All in all, The West Room just ended up being one more watering hole in the west end, and didn't really offer anything particularly special to warrant going out of my way for a return visit.
4	Great breakfast rolls, great service! Just what was needed on a dreich day in the capital.
5	We stopped here for a full Scottish breakfast, and were absolutely delighted. The decor is modern yet quirky, the service was top notch, and the food was really wonderful. Can't recommend it highly enough for a breakfast bap or the full works. Delicious coffee too.
4	Let me tell you why I like this place.It's not the quirkiness of the atmosphere with it's wooden tables and multi-color chairs. It's not the staff, who were friendly even on a Friday morning. It's not the menu, which was a nice mix of breakfast items. It's not even that they give you a tiny chocolate chip cookie with your coffee.Although I like all of these things.No, why this place holds a special point in my heart is this: When I was craving mussels - I mean, murderously murdering men for mussels - and it was stupid early in the morning... they still made me mussels. And they even warmed up some bread to go with it.And that is why these guys are the winners. They win. Hands down, the winner.
5	Went for a Sunday brunch catchup with some friends and fell in love. The food was phenomenal! I ordered a bloody mary and while it was delicious, it was a bit spicy for my taste. But the food. My god THE FOOD! I got eggs benedict with hash brown and loved it so much I even ordered more hash browns afterward. My friends got the steak burger, more eggs benedict, and pancakes with bacon. After significant sampling, I can assuredly say that everything was absolute perfection.The service was good but it did take a while for the food to come. It also seemed longer because I was so excited. Another reviewer was right, this is the best brunch in Edinburgh's West End, and it was easily the best brunch I've had in the city.
4	Eggs Benedict were great and I loved the eye for details in the decor of the place. Definitely a good tip for a Sunday Brunch!
4	Highly recommend the rump steak roll and mushroom orzo. Quality, tasty food & extensive wine list. Lovely space & great service too! Will be back.
2	Disappointing. Fried starters oozing oil everywhere ahhh! Even managed to overcook the mussels and the fries were of the frozen variety. Never asked how the food was until after we had paid and then prompted. Not recommended and in my view this is certainly not a Gastro type Pub!
