4	Quite surprised there are no reviews of this Chipotle yet.  Its been open for a month or two.  My lovely Wifey and I stopped in on the way back from Cali on Monday at around 8.  It was my first time inside and I was a little surprised that it is not quite the "standard" Chipotle set up.  There is no wall dividing where the line backs up with the rest of the restaurant.  There wasn't much of a line when I was there but imagine it could get annoying if you were at one of the tables in the areas with someone literally standing right next to you while you are eating.  On top of this the tables "next to the line" are high tops, so I imagine the folks in line are that much more in your space.When I went they were out of barbacoa so that was a bummer.  Other than that its your standard Chipotle.
1	I love Chipotle. I drive by this location everyday, so you can imagine how excited I was when I saw the banner with "coming soon" sign. When they finally opened, I was there within the first week. I can say I've been there more than 10 times so far and there were few times (3 or 4 times) I just walked out of there because their food just did not look fresh. Chipotle is known for its fresh ingredients and meat, but not this location. I love barbacoa, but every time I go, they just look dry or too greasy. Same with pork as well. I got lucky and was able to get fresh steak right off the grill, but everything else looked so bad and their mild salsa (pico de gallo) ended up being too sour. Also the rice was not made right. One time I complained about portion as well. The girl at the counter was only putting half scoop. I was there yesterday around 5pm and walked out empty handed again. I wish they'd step up and pay more attention to their food quality because I love Chipotle and this is right around the corner from my house and to work. I will continue to try until their food is consistent and update my post when they do.
1	I was so excited to see Chipotle in that spot many resturants have tried that location and nothing stays open. Not thinking this will either. The staff was unfriendly almost rude. They acted like they were being bothered to help and like you should know the menu by heart or something. The food was made so sloppy that my tacos has more sour cream on the outside of the shell than the inside. I only had to drive 2 blocks home and they were complety soggy, cold and gross. The taco meal which is 3 tacos, and a kids cheese crisp cost just short of 12 bucks. Way to much considering more that half of it went in the trash. Yuck, will never go back. And when I talked to my mom that lives near by about it she said the one time she went in will be the only time she ever goes either. Major disapointment.
3	I have frequented this Chipotle 3 or 4 times now as school is not too far away and Chipotle study breaks rock! It is mostly your typical Chipotle. It is expensive and my biggest issue is that you have to micromanage the staff. They are more than willing to skimp you on the portions! Usually asking if you can have more works, but should you really have to do that when you're paying 10+ dollars for the meal?? The staff is adequate. They are not eager to be overly friendly or helpful, but they aren't rude either. Overall, I go because I have a deep love fr Chipotle and it is the closest one to school. That being said, they could work in their staff attitude and the portions....Oh yeah, and the guac is a awesome.
4	Not sure why everybody is dogging this location. Been at this location a few times and the food is just as good as any other standard Chipotle.  Nice patio area to enjoy good food s well.
4	I love chipotle. I think it has fresh and delicious options. I was turned off for a while because my usual chipotle on Thunderbird gave me a salad with a giant green bug crawling in it. I finally wanted it again and went to this one. They were nice and the food was great. My usual chipotle experience.
4	I go here with a friend about once every couple of weeks. Thus far the food has been very delicious, though the staff is hit and miss. Sometimes they are helpful and attentive, other-times you might have to wait around for a few minutes before they get to your order. Also, you must be specific with what you want on your food. For example: if you want extra beans, speak up!The seating is a bit small, but that's because half of it is reserved for the patio area which is just lovely. Overall a decent place, I'd call it the Subway of Hispanic food.
4	Finally put a restaurant that wont go out of business in this spot.  This location is smaller than the other places here but it still good size for this area.  I love this corner with all the upscale food and shopping.  Chipotle will do well here and as always the food is consistently good quality and fast service.  I always get a burrito or burrito bowl with chicken or steak but you cant go wrong with anything here.
5	Love me them Steak burritos. Pricey but worth it
4	I LOVE this location! I love Chipotle to being with. But in regards to this particular location I felt the need to write a review simply because I drive out of my way to get here. I live near Norterra, and that location is less than desirable when it comes to staff & portions so I drive to this location. The staff are always SUPER nice & the portions are the BEST. They do not chince out like the one at Norterra. They give you a full scoop of rice and beans, not a half like other locations. They are usually always accommodating as well. I usually get a Carnitas Bowl, and had big chunks of fat instead of meat, and put it on a napkin and walked back in and said, "Could I perhaps have a little meat? I got some yucky fat chunks" They apologized and gave me actual meat. I wish Chipotle would have kept the yellow corn instead of the white because the flavor was WAY better but oh well. I still love Chipotle and love this location. I will go back time and time again. Love Love Love.
4	For a company that puts so much  effort into sourcing sustainable and ethical food sources, they might want to put the same effort into management. The dour, taller, older man seems to manage by intimidation rather than leadership. Food was terrific as always, it's Chipotle after all
3	Really good fast food. They have great service. Willing to give you extras and make you feel like your not overpaying. But at a 1.50 surcharge for guacamole they aren't fooling anyone. I cant dock them for the freshness- meat is always top notch and unlike Taco Bell- doesn't give you explosive diarrhea.
2	Total chaos at lunch time today and there seems to be an absence of leadership behind the counter. My usual experience is much better but with all of the chatter, disorganization and poor kitchen management I don't know what is going on. Out of guacamole at lunch? Really? No tables being bussed until almost 1:00pm? At least my food appears to taste ok even though I had to make changes due to guacamole and fajita veggies not being available. Better luck at another location?
4	Chipotle never disappoints!
4	They were really fast during lunch rush, so that's a plus. But, I totally feel jipped for my salad. I didn't get much lettuce and not even a full scoop of chicken. If they were running out of some ingredients during a busy time I would understand, but they had full ingredients all around and I barely got any.
2	Ok, I have read other posts that ran into the same issues that I did here. The food was average but it may have been better if I could have got what I wanted. It is not that they got my order wring, but they ran out of some of the things I wanted. I get that it was dinner time and people had been in there all day, but you have to know when you are running out of guacamole (which is $1.50 anyway), and find a way to get more.It wasn't just the guacamole that they were out of, they also somehow ran out of brown rice.I ended up going with a cilantro lime rice, which was good, but again not what I wanted. Over all I feel like I got a bunch of beans, ok amount of chicken, no guacamole, and a secondary kind of rice. I don't come here often and this is not the way to get me going back.
2	I noticed the quality, quantity, and service have gone down significantly since I started going here six months ago.The last time I went, the burrito my boyfriend ordered was half the size it typically is. Mine fell apart while the girl was making it, but she kept going so when I opened the foil, all the ingredients fell out of the tortilla.The cashier was quick to take my money, but she ignored our burritos waiting to be bagged. Four burritos piled up, waiting to be bagged, while she stood there blankly staring into space. No one says a simple "hi" anymore, just "burrito or bowl?" and no "have a nice day". It appears the workers don't care about their job.
4	My first time at Chipotle I went at 12:30, very busy! I got the bowl with lime rice, chicken pinto beans and mild salsa. they were a little stingy with the chicken, didn't even get a whole scoop. i also got some guac and chips, i spent $9 for that. if i'm spending that much on just lunch i expect more chicken which was very tender and seasoned well. But all in all it was good, very fresh ingredients, tasty and i will definitely be back.
3	This is your standard Chipotle with standard fare. The place has a decent sized dining area and a large patio. The patio is nice because for some reason they keep the place at sub zero temperatures inside. Ok so that's an exaggeration, but at the same time, as Arizona residents we are better acclimated to the heat and don't necessarily need it to be so darn cold inside. Aside from that, the place kept pretty clean and the service is friendly and efficient.On my last trip I ordered a chicken salad with guacamole. I'm not sure if it was a standard serving, but I got a monster dollop of guacamole. It was pretty darn good. The rest of the salad was ok. The chicken was over salted and there wasn't much lettuce, but with the salsa and black beans, all and all it was a fresh and satisfying meal that I would order again.I usually get a side of chips, but lately I've noticed that they are way too salty. But still really good.Enjoy!!
3	Skimpy on the servings as well as the service. employee at register made a comment about employee being late because she was probably macking in her car.
2	It just didn't seem like much of an effort was put into the food or experience.  It was all pretty 'blah'.  They were even out of rice.  Workers took care to make sure you got what you wanted, but the whole interaction was pretty stale.
3	Chipotle is well known. People now a days love it. I like it also just not this location. I came in and they brought fresh rice so I was happy ordered my burrito to go and when I got home to eat it rice wasn't even cooked. It was hard and honestly ruined the whole burrito. I know places make mistakes but how many times a day do they make rice? A lot right? So they should know how to make it.
