4	My son has been going here since he was 3 months old.  Yeah they get sick sometimes but what kid doesn't?   I enjoy the environment and staff and I know my soon to be 3 year old does too!  MGM and CCLC has made it easy and convenient for MGM employees to have their children taken care of.
1	I will never recommend this daycare. First problem is their prices. It's almost $20 more per day than most other daycares. Plus make sure you always make your reservation and pray you never get called into work at the last minute or it cost you $18 per day per kid drop in fee. Also pray your child never has allergies, a tummy ache, is sleepy or anything like that. Because then they charge you sniffle rates which is $15 per day per kid. OH and btw there is also a weekly fee on top of all that. It came to $700-$800 a week for three kids. Our current daycare is only $400. Next, we did not mind paying that much because our daughter has a major learning disability that presents itself a lot like autism. We were assured over and over that they were trained to handle her. But from day one we were getting calls almost every single day to drop everything at work to come get her. Claimed they couldn't handle her. That she was throwing fits. We duh, that's what kids with her problem do, but funny every single time we showed up she was never in the middle of a fit. We also didn't mind paying because it was one of the few 24/7 daycare and me and my kid's father needed that for our work schedules. Problem is that our daughter is an insomniac and they refused to give her the meds they doctor said because they were OTC and said she was disrupting other kids by staying awake, even though every time we picked her up, she was sitting at a time quietly coloring. But they told us we couldn't have her there past 9pm if she wouldn't sleep. On top of it they called constantly about my son's allergies and demanded we pick him up. We went to California for the weekend and the kids got mosquitos bites and they called saying we had to pick them up and have a doctors note that they were not chicken pox or bed bugs. Really, so many years claimed to have watching kids and you can't tell the difference? Even our doctor thought it was pointless. In Feb our oldest missed two weeks of school because she caught the Noro virus from there. We tried to be understanding that it was hitting Vegas bad and with parents working at casinos and then getting the kids, it would be hard to not bring it in.  But twice we the kids got lice from them, the second time is when we yanked them out. And several times when we went in there were signs warning us that our kids had been exposed to things like strep throat, ring worm and pink eye. All of this got so bad that I lost my job over not having reliable daycare. They also let my son crack his head on something, yet no one could tell us how a two year old child got this huge welt on his head. They lost clothes, medicine, shoes and my daughter's $50 leather boots were destroyed by another kid and the teach did nothing to stop it. And the director is not helpful at all, she is rude and condescending. We are not the only one with issues, my friend yanked her son out after he was being bit everyday and no one knew how. We have since moved the kids to a new 24/7 day care we found closer to home. They love it and we have not had a single call about any of the kids. They get free Karate and Gymnastics, another thing CC charges for, and we pay less then half what we did at this place.
4	I am very pleased with this day care for my 18th month old. He has been going there since he was 4 months old and I feel so comfortable having him there. Ms. Juliana in the toddler room is such a wonderful lady. She really cares about all of the children and makes you feel comfortable. You can tell she really cares. She treats the children so well and my baby is so happy every time I bring him here.  All of the staff in the infant room are amazing as well. I highly recommend this place to all moms looking for a daycare. They have great discounted rates for certain employers to!
