5	They say that you shouldn't judge a book by it's cover, and this is definitely the case with The Golden Steer. From outside of the building you would never know what lies within. The facade looks like a cheesy run down Vegas spot, but inside the rich burgundy leather seating, crisp white linens, dim-but warm lighting, and pleasant atmosphere is anything bust cheesy and run down. The service is spectacular, the food is nothing less than perfect, and the over all experience is great. Locals and regular visitors alike love and frequent this place. On the more expensive side, but worth the price, the Golden Steer is a place where you are likely to find a high profile public figure or celebrity at the next table. It's a great place to treat yourself or your travel companions to a special dinner with your gambling winnings.
5	This place is straight out of the Sopranos.  The food is excellent.  It's a steak house, but they also serve Italian food.  Everything is good that I've tasted.  The stuffed mushrooms "BOMB".  The place looks like an absolute dump from the outside, but when you walk in the restaurant  is top flight.
5	Vintage Vegas quite possibly at its best!  I have been going here for years.  Steaks are big, but not cheap. Get a steak-why order pasta or fish at a place known for its steaks!?!? And the steaks taste incredible!  This is traditional steakhouse food-no modern dining here.  Most steaks are about $35 average with NO sides!  Get the giant baked potato and tableside made Caesar Salad!  This place has been around since 1959 or so.  Sinatra is constantly on the muzak.  It is a block from the Sahara , so it is close to the strip.
2	Ate here the other weekend with family.  The atmosphere was nice.  Felt like oldtime Vegas and our server was good.  So, one star for that.And one star for the Apple martini... the best part of my meal!I ordered the veal parmesan and it was dry and a dinner salad that was swimming in dressing.  My bf order the ravioli and it was fried (what the heck?).   For the cost of this meal, I would rather have gone to the roulette wheel and bet all on green 0.
5	They are not kidding when they say "The Best Steakhouse On Earth".The service was incredible! I think we were helped by every service person sans the barkeep. If you made eye contact, they were at your table asking "Is there anything you want?" Not need, but want. The hostess was ready to seat us before our reservations were confirmed! The food was incredible. The best steak we've ever had. Truly. The wine was served perfectly. No room for dessert.
4	This was the best filet mignon I've ever eaten, hands down. It was also the priciest! The ambience is vintage Rat Pack- red naugahyde and bad lighting. You can picture the gangsters sitting at the both next to ya. The only reason it didn't get 5 stars from me was that it didn't come with any sides (another $10 to dole out) and smoking is allowed in the restaurant. Yes, there's a non-smoking section, but smoke kinda goes where it wants to. Luckily the food was so good it didn't distract me as much as it normally would.
4	Next door to Capprioti's Sandwich Shop.While staying a couple nights at The Sahara Casino/Hotel I ventured in for a steak dinner. Not knowing what to expect, I was greeted by the beautiful hostess who asked if I would be dining alone and I told her it was just me tonight. I asked about how I was dressed and if it was appropriate (shorts, collared silk shirt and flip-flops), she was cool with it. There were a few tables of people wearing golf hats, tennis shoes - Dressy? I dont think they mind.Sat in the Mickey Rooney booth right next to the Elvis Presley booth. The Kings booth sat an extra 3-4 people. Im sure the King brought more folks in than MR ever did.Wish I had eaten at the bar however, as I felt a little out of place with all the other groups and couples. No sweat, it worked out fine in the dining room.Enjoyed the petite filet mignon with whipped potatoes and a stiff Jack and Coke.The steak was almost perfect. A little overdone on the edges. The potatoes were the best Ive had!I overheard one of the waiters saying he had worked there for 21 years. He was very helpful and attentive as were everyone else that night. I liked how the waiters were equipped with a little flashlight to help you see the menus in this dimly lit, schwanky joint!From the outside, this place just looks like its going to do you right. Bravo.
4	I ate at the Golden Steer while visiting Vegas just before Christmas.Eating at the Golden Steer is like going back in time. The decor, the wait staff, the other patrons, all contribute to the ambience. We sat at the Natalie Wood table.The New York strip was very, very good. Potato side dishes were good. The onion soup was served somewhat lukewarm, and the flavor was average. Dover sole was excellent, as was the prime rib.The score should be 4.5. The ambience should be experienced at least once, the food was very good, but prices were very high, and the service was attentive but somehow not inviting.
5	oh no!  I think something has replaced my love of Gallagher's...Love love love this place.  Driving up on it may dismay you, the outside it not cute nor inviting but once you walk in its a whole different story.  This is a true old school place where Sinatra, Sammy Davis and even OJ have eaten.  Our waiter who has been there 31 years informed us who has been in and out of this place.  The menu is classic steakhouse with prime beef that they age to perfection.  We ordered Cesar salad's for two, a rib eye 20oz, a filet mignon 12 oz, twice baked potato and mushroom's.  Every thing was perfect and delicious and huge!  Oh and for dessert we splurged on the bananas foster which was prepared table side.  This place is very pricey and you must drive to get to it.  This is also a must do on the Vegas list because of its past.  I love you GS, you will be missed and I will dream of my return sometime soon.
3	The steak was delicious.  We shared the 20 oz steak between two people and  was still unable to finish it.  The escargo and twice baked potato was also very good.  The food was good, but quite pricey.  The ambience was dark and decorated in old style, so it may not be the best date place.  Reservations are not needed.  I made reservations online through OpenTable, but when I got there, the restaurant was almost empty.  They didn't even record that I honored my reservation.
4	The Golden Steer has been around since 1958 and if only those wood-paneled walls could talk. Oh those red tufted leather booths, white table cloths and oil paintings on the walls are retro and ageless at the same time. I had the $40 prime rib and since it was early in the evening I requested an end cut and got it. I kid you not folks ... It has been several years since I ate that slice of beefy heaven and I can still remember the delirious waves of culinary ecstasy that each bite sent swirling through my body.No, it is not cheap, but its not the most expensive steak house in town either. Their baked potatoes are legendary for their size and flavor, so at least one person in your party should order that. Service is classy and attentive but not in your face. Their bar is gorgeous and glamorous too!If you would enjoy traveling to another era for a couple of hours, then do try this place. As other reviewers have said, it is not all that inviting from the outside, but give it a chance and all of your senses will thank you.
4	Old School Vegas.Fernando the waiter has been there over 30 years.he is a class act.steaks are prime and very good .very tender,with a nice charr.the may have the best baked potato ive ever had.little pricy but well worth when in vegas
5	Wow.... just wow... This place has the absolute best steaks that I have ever had. Went here with my wife along with my sister and her husband. Their treat I am thankful to say, lol. The decor here is an absolute must experience for anyone living in Las Vegas, at least once. The outside of this place is extremely misleading from what actually lays on the inside. But once inside, it is classic Vegas. They have a table for the Rat Pack, a table used by Elvis, the works. The servers are friendly and we got to meet the waiter who'd been there for 30 years. The servers and the decor were all incredible in every aspect and I could find no fault whatsoever.Now for the food... Everything is a la carte, so expect to spend a huge amount of cash. We got the stuffed mushrooms as an appetizer and they were quite yummy, but the portion was a bit small for a group of four. I got the massive Diamond Jim Cut Prime Rib which is 24 oz... I thought my stomach would explode from the size of that sucker! I got it medium rare and it was perfect, I will dream of that steak for years and years to come. Everyone else at my table got something different, wife got the veal parmigiana while my sister and her husband both got steaks, but we all agreed at the high quality.  We also ordered one of the potatoes but with my steak I never could get around to trying it =(
5	We got seated by our host and the first thing that I recognized was that we were sitting at Burt Reynolds table. As I looked around, all the other tables were marked with famous actors' names. Whenever a certain actor comes into the restaurant to eat, they get to eat at their table. It's pretty neat. Clint Eastwood's table was right across from ours, so I went over there and sat down. It sounds weird, but it was kind of cool to be sitting at Clint Eastwood's table and where he had sat and dined.The restaurant has an old fashioned feel to it. It has wood paneling and the lights are dimmed down with Sinatra playing in the background. All the staff were wearing tuxedo's. Don't worry though, I ate in t-shirt and shorts. I felt a little out of place.The first thing that really impressed me was that when we ordered their famous Caesar salad, the waiter mixed the dressing and lettuce right in front of us. It was one of the best salads that I've had in a long time.If you love prime rib, this is the place to go! The Golden Steer is famous for it and they do not disappoint. When I cut through the steak, it felt like butter. The steak was cooked perfectly and I can say without a doubt, that it was the best prime rib that I've ever had.Coupled with the history and the outstanding food, I can't think of better dining experiences. Every time someone asks me for a dining suggestion in Vegas, I always mention this restaurant. It is a little out of the way, but it is the perfect getaway to the hustle and bustle of the strip.
5	This is a classic, 'old school' steakhouse, which opened in 1958. It retains it's charm, elegance and class today.Leather booths, low lights and courteous servers make for an outstanding experience. The food ? Oh, my, it is simply delicious ! I had a NY Strip steak (about $40) with a chopped salad and it was one of the most mouth watering steaks I have ever eaten.Many of the tables are marked with entertainment stars names, we sat at Dean Martin's table (next to Sammy Davis Jr's table).A great place ! Try it the next time you are in Las Vegas !
5	This is a great place, although it looks unassuming from the outside (it's located in a strip mall just off the Strip). It has been open since 1958 and has a really great "rat pack" feel to it, which is appropriate considering Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Sammy Davis, Elvis, etc. came here often. Each table has a plaque behind it with a celebrity name of someone who dined at that spot; we sat at the Mickey Rooney table. Service is very professional with career waiters in tuxedos. One waiter has been there for 30 years. I had the prime rib, which is their specialty (they have a number of other beef cuts too). It was the best prime rib I have ever had...about an inch and a quarter thick and big. You will find a lot of classic steak house dishes here...tomato & blue cheese salad, creamed spinach, french onion soup, etc. All are very tasty and far more than routine. Most salads and desserts are made at your table by the waiters. The place has a very grown up vibe, not really a place for kids. Although there were a couple of people dining in shorts and t-shirts, I would advise guests to get in the spirit of the place; grow up and dress up! It's not cheap; prime rib alone is $35, add on all sides, appetizers & drinks, etc. Lobster and filet mignon combo was listed that night at $95. That said, I felt the experience was well worth it. I will definitely go back.
5	So I am a big fan of the Rat Pack. No I don't mean Molly Ringwald, Emilio Estavez, Anthony Michael Hall, or Ally Sheedy. I'm talking about Frank, Dean, and Sammy baby. I'm talking about a time when being smooth was what it was all about and the dolls bore names like Marilyn Monroe, Judy Garland, and Shirley Maclaine. I am also a big fan of Vegas and despite it's several facelifts over the years the gold mine in the desert is one of my favorite places on the planet. This is where the magic happened and sometimes still does, especially when I'm rollin the dice and lady luck is kind to me. Unlike many who go for the mega-clubs, rollercoaster's, and the latest Cirque du Soleil act. I go for the nostalgic shows and spots that make Vegas . . . VEGAS BABY!!!One such stop is the legendary Golden Steer. This place is where the rats themselves would frequent which automatically makes it a must on my to do list. So after arriving in town Niki and I got ourselves ready and hit the road. Golden Steer is located on W Sahara Avenue just off the strip. Parking is convenient and it may not look like much on the outside but just wait. When you enter it is like you have been time warped to the late 50's-early 60's. The decor has an old school class that is rarely seen anymore but strangely still sheik. The wood plank walls and red leather booths set the scene and one feels transported to a different time almost instantly after being seated. The staff is impeccable and informative answering every question and open to offering recommendations without making one feel uninformed. Drinks are a must and something classic is on my mind. I order a whiskey sour and as quickly as I ordered it arrives. It is absolutely perfect and if you like classic cocktails I guarantee that this is the place. When the waiter returned to take our order. To start we ordered the Caesar Salad for two prepared tableside. For our entrees Niki ordered the NY Strip and I the Prime Rib - End Cut with a Jumbo Baked Potato.In a few short minutes a table was wheeled over and the salad was prepared. It was a show all by itself and it was clear this fellow has made this many times over the years. Let the eating begin. This is not your usual Caesar Salad by any means. The mix of vegetables makes this a more hearty Caesar but the hints of spice and anchovies is blended perfectly to taste.After we were finished with our salads the entrees and sides arrived. Niki's strip was so tender she could cut it with a fork and my prime rib was equally tender and thick. Both cooked medium rare, juicy, and oh so delicious. This steak ranks up there at the top of my all time favorites.The jumbo potato was simply that - jumbo. It was huge and cooked perfectly. It came with chives, sour cream, and butter. The combination as always, spectacular.Now I know that Golden Steer is known for it's Bananas Foster prepared tableside but I am not that big a fan. So Niki and I order the cheesecake. I know it is a safe option but boy it was good. thick, creamy, with a hint of vanilla. Niki is a big fan of cheesecake and nothing gets between her and a slice especially when the quality is this superb.So that's it folks, the shows over. When in Vegas, do what the boys used to do. Enjoy a great meal at Golden Steer and you'll be swingin like Deano himself. Since I got our attention I want to leave you with a quote from the man himself."I feel sorry for people who don't drink. They wake up in the morning and that's the best they're going to feel all day."Dean Martin
4	This place is a nice off-the-strip swanky-quaint place with dim lighting and leather seats. from the outside, during passing, one might think it looks like a run-down burlesque strip club. also, i'm guessing it's where the rat pack used to hang out and eat by all the memorabilia hung up on the wall.food was reasonably good. american fare with the focus on steaks. we got the bone-in ribeye and new york 20oz strip. the meats were cooked perfectly and the au jus really brought out the flavor but the rib-eye was extra fatty.  additionally, i didn't find the food anymore exceptional from another steakhouse but overall it was a good experience. expect to pay out a lot if you want wine, salad, meats and a side.
5	MY FAVORITE PLACE IN LAS VEGAS !!!!!!Do NOT let the exterior deter you from going in!! Its "Old School Vegas Baby"  LOVED IT! It truly is like a scene out of Casino VERY 60's-70's esque and the service is IMPECCIBLE!  I do not mind paying for a meal when the guests are treated like this and the food is superb and delicious indeed.  A lot of others should take note of this wonderful place!  The ambience if Old Vegas just enchanted me it just envelopes you as you walk in almost like the set of a movie.  I could care less if a celebrity was sitting there (there was and they "blended in) with the rest if us - EVERYONE was treated the same in this fine establishment.  I can see why they have been in business for so long - good old fashioned EXCELLENT food and IMPECCIBLE service.  I usually order filet mingnon (well done) not an easy task to do but they did it superbly. My steak was rich and juicy AND well done the way I ordered it.  The stuffed potatoe was GIGANTIC and very delicious too! Vegetables were fresh anad crisp and lightly butterred.  The shrimps we had for an appetizer were the size of small lobsters and mouthwatering GOOD!  LOVED then caesar salad and the way it was prepared - right at the table and FRESH and DELICIOUS! You can tell the shrimp and produce were not "sitting" in a fridge for a week either!! Beautiful and FRESH along with the rest of the meal.  No its not cheap but its sure not over priced for quality and service either! If you want cheap go to McDonalds and don't "whine" about the prices! If you want a meal thats "out-of-this-world" go here!  You will be treated like royalty.  I was very impressed that the Maitre-D waited who was kind enoug to wait with us outside while our cab came (yes I tipped him too!  It was just NICE and well deserved!).  A phenomenal experience and I am definitely coming BACK to this favorite restaurant!!  Another nice thing as I frequently travel it was nice to see diners who were dining alone were not ignored for a second - I'd be comfortable coming back here myself - oh its nice to dine with driends but I'd be just fine alone here too!! LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
3	I am being generous when I give this place three stars.  The ambience is very posh and the service is unrivled, but the quality of the food for the price is really sub-standard.  I ate here, after hearing about all of the great stories about this place.  The staff is quick to tell you about all of the famous people that ate there including the infamous Chicago mobster Tony "The Ant" Spilatro, but how does that make this pace special?  Ok, if your on a date it is a really nice atmosphere that kind of takes you back to the old days, but the food is a "let down"The rib-eye is good, but for $40 bucks, my God!  Not worth it!  Trust me when I say Morton's has a much better steak for the money.  However, the appitizers are excellent.  The escargot are done very well along with the oysters, and I must say the desert was fantastic!  The Cherries Jubillee I highly recomend as well as the bannanas foster.  So if you plan on stopping by and just getting a few appitizers along with desert with a date, this place is great.  If you plan on stopping by and getting a whole steak meal with the works, you will be dissappointed along with the two hundred dollar bill for two people!
5	I have visited this wonderful old-school steakhouse twice and can't wait to return next time in Vegas. The staff is friendly and the servers are very entertaining with their jokes & antics. The food is top-notch and the steaks are cooked to perfection.
4	After watching Food Network, I decided to find one of the best steaks in Vegas myself. Bon Apetit magazine named Golden Steer one year, and since it's one of those places that I never would walk into just by the exterior of the building, I thought to myself "what the hell", and made a reservation online.At 7pm on Sunday night, we arrived at the Golden Steer, still in the same builidng it opened in the 1950's. From the front, the large gold steer looks a bit strange and the outside seems a bit run down. It definitely reminds me of the older side of the Vegas strip, but I was in for a surprise walking through those double doors. The atmosphere is perfect--it's old Vegas, well preserved in it's oldest steakhouse on the strip. With the dark lighting, cigar lounge at the bar, private booth area and a general seating side, it's a classic restaurant and I was glad to be a part of it that night.I informed the host that it was first time there, so he was kind enough to seat us in the booth that Sammy Davis Jr. used to eat in. We learned that the nice booth area that hovers between the general seating area and the bar area was the private seating area for all the celebrities and mobsters in its day. Behind us was the booth where the ratpack used to sit, and across the way was Sinatra's booth. It was amazing.With white tablecloths, fancy plates and walls aged from cigar and cigarette smoke, the place was fancy but comfortable. The menu was simple enough with a mixture of French, Italian, and American cuisine. We went there for one thing, though--their famous steaks. I had to have my own, so we ordered a rock shrimp cocktail and escargot to start, and two 20oz bone-in ribeyes, medium well, with sides of lyonnaise potatoes and sauteed mushrooms.The appetizers were perfect, with the right balance of white wine and butter in the escargot, which melted in my mouth. The shrimp cocktail was very fresh and sweet. It was a great start to the evening. With warm french bread in between, we didn't wait long to receive our juicy steaks. They were served on their own plate, bone facing away from us, and obviously charred and beautifully cooked. The sides, although pricy on their own, were huge and perfectly cooked! But the steaks--oh, their steaks--are to die for.I eat on all restaurants on the strip, from Gallagher's to your local Lonestar Steakhouse. In all honesty I know that I will not find a better steak anywhere else now that I've eaten at Golden Steer. The prime aged USDA corn-feed beef is tender, juicy, and needs to seasoning. It's fantastic on it's own and deserves to be served a-la carte (which it is. Sides are extra). From it's immense size and flavor, you would think that a 20 oz. bone-in ribeye would be too much--but trust me--you'll finish every ounce down to the bone.After eating at Golden Steer, steak will never be the same anywhere else in Vegas or the world for that matter. They truly live up the their motto "The best steaks in the world".
4	Everyone from the cabbie to the doorman at the Mandalay knew where this place was.We had reservations at 7pm but, he it is vegas...  We got hungry and being the drinkers we are didn't realize it was only 4:45pm when we got there.   I walked right up pulled the handle and it was closed.    Dang it.No worries, they opened the door right up and welcomed us in....now THAT is service.3 of us got the 24 ounce prime rib that they are famous for...2 medium rare (i would suggest the medium)   and 1 medium.   One got the bone in rib eye.The sides, salads etc are all "nice" but they are $8-16 a piece and in my opinion not worth it.    4 people got out of there for $300.00 with tip.It is old school, we didn't sit at anyone's booth but instead sat at a four top near Joe Dimaggio and Elvis Presley's table.The ambience is classic 50-60's vegas....you could picture the rat pack in here smoking cigars when they allowed smoking in eating establishments and it brought a lot of clarity to our vegas trip.I will say I did get the meat sweats from all the beef and I don't know how Man -v- Food gets it all down in an hour.The reason why they get the ding on the star  --  The call the 18 oz cut of prime rib "the ladies cut" to goad you into getting the bigger one.   That is crap.   Get it and smile.
5	when recently in vegas for my 29th birthday, i had a mission. to go to an old time glitzy vintage vegas steakhouse for my birthday dinner. so i looked around on the internet and it led me to the golden steer.now don't be fooled by the area that it's in, this is old vegas style. i just loved the huge fiberglass steer on the sign! the minute we walked in i knew we had come to the right place. dark, swanky, huge naugahyde booths with a western theme, a piano player in the bar... oh yeah. as soon as we were seated the lovely hostess gave us a total history of the place. who used to dine there, who's table was who's (we were at betty grable's table), what was good to drink, etc. she was super friendly and personable. she also clued us in that this was infact the oldest restaurant in vegas.to eat we ordered the salad, the filet, a twice baked potato, and the chicken of the angels. all were very good. pricey but good. the server was totally old school and very attentive. a table next to us ordered the bananas foster for dessert and it was quite fun to watch it being prepared at their table. we would have ordered dessert too but we were both way too full and even took home leftovers.after dinner we had a drink in the bar and watched the piano man play. i requested a few old tunes and he loved that i knew old music. a guy sitting watching the piano man kept talking about how he had just visited his friend, dennis hopper (the actor), earlier. i guess this place still attracts the well to do and hollywood types.all in all it was a perfect vintage birthday dinner and now it will be a tradition whenever we are in vegas. they made me feel like i was a old hollywood movie starlet!
5	This is what Las Vegas is supposed to be about!  Over the top luxury and exquisite old school service at a restaurant that would be right out of a 1960's gangster movie!I made reservations here the last time I was in Vegas.  The local firefighters recommended this as a real Vegas experience and they were right.  When you step in, you're in a time warp.  The big leather-like booths are incredibly comfortable and invite you to sink in.  The hostess was obviously proud of her restaurant, going so far as to tell me the history of my booth.  (I was in Joey Bishop's booth.)The food..... the important part.  I splurged on the fried ravioli and was blown away.  Normally, I prefer beef ravioli, but Golden Steer's cheese ravioli was a perfect mild cheese and the marinara sauce was exquisite.  I had the NY Strip and was impressed.  The steak may not have been the best I've had (The porterhouse for two at Morton's in San Antonio takes that prize.), but it was an excellent steak.  The fries were good as was the bread basket.  My drinks were refilled and EVERY member of the restaurant's staff made me feel as if I'm the only diner there.If you want the old school Vegas, miss the Sands, and think that the current trend of resort hotels and celebrity chefs isn't what Vegas is -- then this is the place for you.   Have a drink for Dean!
5	Sure, you could go to one of the steakhouses on the Strip that have been decorated to look like an old-school steakhouse... but for the same money, why not GO to an old-school steakhouse?The Golden Steer looks like a total dive on the outside, but inside it's the room that time forgot. Everything looks exactly like it would have back when the Rat Pack was said to be among the Steer's clientele. Service is equally old-school - your glasses will never be empty and every crumb quickly swept.The menu is equally traditional - steaks, creamed spinach, etc. It's cooked to order and tasty.We've gone here to celebrate signing big deals, but we've also just gone to get a great steak. It's worth the cab ride.
4	I went here for dinner last week and I just wanted to update my review by saying YES YES YES!  I still love this place for steak and escargot, and always will.  They recently won Best in Las Vegas for this year, so congrats to them!  As usual, everything from appetizers to dessert were wonderful.  If you haven't tried this place, take the time to make a reservation and stop by.  It's more of a special occasion place because of the prices, but if you're in the mood for a great steak, being served and catered like the good ol' days with that old time atmosphere, please do stop by.
2	I don't see what the big deal is about this place.In Vegas for a trip away from the wives, we ended up at this old school steakhouse.It started off well when the bellman at the hotel complimented us on our choice for dinner.When we got to the restaurant, it was a bit bland outside. Picture a generic and plain front with the strip mall look.We were seated into a booth, Mickey Rooney's!, and looked around to find a pretty empty room. It was a Thursday night at 7pm so we expected a bit more traffic in there.The service was attentive enough (even when the waiter spilled a beer on the seat next to me). Come to think of it, he apologized but provided nothing more than getting me an extra napkin to get the beer from the seat and my pants. I didn't press it as much as I should have. An omen of things to come?We skipped the starters since nothing was jumping out as us so we focused on the mains and sides.Josh got the prime rib. I got a T-bone. Neither of us were happy. Both were ok to start, not bad, but not at all worth the price. We never felt that it was the best piece of meat we ever got in at a restaurant.  There were no happy plates.(Moreover, we both felt a little "off" after finishing.)For the sides, we got broccoli, sauteed mushrooms, and the whipped potatoes. I can't speak for the little trees but the mushrooms were good enough while the potatoes were too buttery. I only tasted butter.Our intention was there to try something off the strip and something historic. Next time in Vegas, and there always be a next time, I'll find some other old school place.So, skip it. (I rounded up to 2 stars due to the fact it's been around so long.)
5	Anyone following my reviews knows how much I like good service, grand surprises and interesting anything.  The Golden Steer meets all of my criteria in such a huge way that there won't be enough room for me to sing its praises.  The strip can be so repetitive and boring.  Let's face it, sometimes over stimulation can become mundane.  The brain becomes numbed with flashing lights, bustier clad waitresses and $50 tiny bites decorated with balsamic squiggles.  Surprise me.  Take me to the Steer.Walking in initially you'll say to yourself:  "...What the Hell have I done?"  (the place looks like a ranch house meets steak joint meets speakeasy - it's very old and in no way resembles the black lacquer, track-lit Wolfgang Emeril place you ate last night).  However,  if you keep an open mind, suspend your strip-sanitized expectations and really get in to it, you'll have the time of your life here.  For God's sake, people - dress up for the occasion.  Pay the proper respect to one of the last standing restaurants of old Vegas.  If it was good enough for Frank, Ava and Sammy to dress up for, it's good enough for you.  The staff fawns over the well heeled.  They,  themselves in tuxedos, bend over backward to make certain that you are comfortable, that you have what you need; they make recommendations, they give compliments, they prepare old school Caesar salad table side. The water & wine glasses are never empty.  It 's like being in an old black and white movie - they are just THAT courteous.  The food? It's not cheap, folks.  However, food is expensive in Vegas.  At the Steer, you'll be rewarded with huge, quality portions.  I am picky when it comes to red meat.  Very picky.  I like it so rare it might just be considered raw.  Few places ever get it right.  The Steer was right on the money.  My prime rib was seasoned beautifully, cooked perfectly, presented on dishes that probably have not been updated for 20+ years (to this last part I say, 'hooray'!  I'm so weary of the super slick scene in Vegas). My whipped potatoes were rich, creamy and delicious.  Don't miss the Caesar salad mentioned earlier.  They still use the raw egg and you can't beat the texture or the flavor of this authentic method.  My companion's NY steak was, again, a perfect medium-rare.  He commented that it was the best he'd had in recent memory.  Since the two of us eat out, literally, all over the U.S., Europe and central Mexico that's saying something.  I can't speak to the dessert tray as we were too stuffed for anything but coffee.  We sampled the coffee with seven liquors.  We made the mistake of ordering two and here comes my only criticism:  they are SO strong that they taste like gasoline smells.  Coupled with the bottle of wine we had, it was too much booze for one fabulous night.  I'd skip this staff recommended beverage and just have a standard cup.When it was time to bid farewell, jump quickly back into a cab (the Steer isn't in the greatest area of town - be advised), and head back to the masses we were actually a little sad.  Everything back on the strip seemed too bright, too phony somehow.  How an old joint sporting a plaster cow outside can be glamorous is beyond me, but it is.  Eating at the Steer you'll feel like you've not only had a meal, but an adventure.  You'll also  feel a little smug having had the moxie to actually leave the strip to dine where American legends have knocked back a few together.
4	I don't know how I originally found this place, because the outside looks like a location in an episode of "COPS". The inside is great! It let's you peek into the rat pack era, without the fabrication. This was my third trip to Golden Steer.  I Started with a Dirty Martini which was very good. As a tradition, I ordered the Oysters on the half, which were fresh but less tasty then previous dinners. The plump shrimp cocktail made up for the oysters. I ordered the bone in ribeye (usually my favorite cut), but also had some of the wifes filet. I would do the filet here. Both were seasoned well. The sides (creamed spinich, wild rice) were just so so. The service was excellent, like each visit. I most like this place for the atmosphere, steak and service, but rate it 4 overall.  The strip mall location doesn't fit today's vegas. (to be fair, they cant move it. Its the oldest steakhouse in vegas).  But if you don't want that manufactured, trying to look old school steakhouse, look past the exterior and try it.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by my dinner here. We took the recommendation of a good friend and decided to stop by the last time we were in Vegas. It was everything he had promised. The decor was awesome. I could totally imagine the rat pack sitting in these plush red leather booths while eating a juicy steak. The service was attentive and very friendly as well.We each ordered the steak of our liking, me choosing my favorite, the New York. My boyfriend ordered the rib eye. Both were very good, cooked to a perfect medium rare. I ordered a side of bearnaise sauce that I also enjoyed. I love dipping steak in bearnaise. We also had the table side Cesar. The server wheeled his little cart over and made the dressing from scratch. It was delicious. This is an old hidden gem that Vegas should talk more about!
5	I have never had a bad time here.  The service is just awesome.  I wish some other places I go to would send their servers here for training.  I can say that I have successfully tried all the steaks on the menu and this time I decided to try the pork chop.  My favorite place for a steak has just become my favorite place for a pork chop.The table side service is excellent.  Salads prepped for the table, bananas foster and cherries jubilee are like a little show.  Thank you to Fernando and all the the staff there for always showing us a good time.
5	Will always remain one of my 'to go' places when passing through vegas.
5	Want a decent cut of beef without the pretense, noise, long waits, or other nonsense on the strip and associated tourists? Eat here. Want to be hand fed lychee chocolate mousse while your waiter spins 500 feet in the air describing the sunset over Pahrump in between French accented recitations of poetically composed winelists and exploding white tigers backed by a Beatles soundtrack? Eat elsewhere. Best prime rib in town, pleasantly served at a reasonable price. A friend who's a local introduced me to this place a dozen years ago- since then,  I try to make it here at least once every time I visit the area.
1	Absolutely one of our worst dining experiences. Had an early reservation at 6pm, party of four. The walls have 4 light. Sconces with small shades. The one above our booth had non frosted bulbs and a Crooked shade that lit up half our table. It took almost 10 minutes for someone to come to the table and it was one of the 30 year vets. No hello or welcome just do you want a drink. After he took or order I asked him if he could either unscrew the non frosted bulbs or straighten the shade. He looks up at it and grumbles ''I'm not doing that Move to anyother table". I've been in service for 30 years too and I've never said that to a customer. He points us to the next booth that had a reserved sign and walks away. We stand by the table not sure what to do until another waiter gestures for us to sit down at the reserved table. Having our drinks thinking ok bad start but better now when the hostess walks up to the table and loudly asks my guest if we reserved the table. I said no but could explain what happened. The old waiter was behind her. She said she new what happened and walked away. WTF then why bother us. Not an apology nothing just walks away. One of the main reasons for going was the table side preparations. We all ordered the Caesar salad. Another one of the 30 year vets rolls up the salad cart but stops two tables away and starts making the salad. I thought it was for a center table until he served it to us. So much for the show. Our food was eh at best. First the bring the entrees out in the middle of eating our salads and only offered to keep them warm under the lights. The prime rib ordered medium came out part rare, part medium rare and medium. Terribly uneven. The veal Marsala had absolutely no taste of wine and had a red sauce? The veal was tough. Only the chicken Angelo was decent. But hey they did bring out a tiny dry piece of cheese cake with a Roman candle. Too bad they didn't bring forks to share. Lousy service from burned out waiters, overpriced and poorly cooked food. Don't waste your money.
1	We really stepped into it at the Golden Steer. Very typical steakhouse fare but low quality steaks, a really, really crappy $20+ Caesar Salad (maybe the worst I've ever had) ....everything else marginal. The stuffy waiter was telling me how their Black Peppercorn Sauce was similar to a Bordelaise Sauce.......not even ballpark. It truly added nothing to the meal and was very bland (and about $5 extra)......a baked potato with too much butter & sour cream can be had anywhere...or at home for pennies on the dollar. Their desserts were ordinary. Folks, there is nothing special about this place as far as I'm concerned. Decor is OK, certainly nothing to go out of your way for. I am not a snob foodie at all, however: I cannot really see the appeal of your typical everyday steakhouse anyway. The food  all seems the same whether its Ruth Crist, Mortons or the Golden Steer. I admit to not having tried some of the joints from famous names (Craft, etc). A steak plopped onto plate is pretty boring and lacks insperation, and I can do a better technical job of cooking it myself. If you want some tasty beef "on the cheap", pass this place by and head out to Southpoint Casino where for $16 (total) you can have a pretty good slice of prime rib with all the trimmings.....and it is, by far, more delicious than this hole. Or I have heard good reviews for some of the other pricey places....just don't do this one......really.The only people I would "Steer" here are unwelcome visitors, drunken tourists, superstar entertainers, and a few deserving others that I know of.
5	Yay for The Golden Steer! Everytime we visit Vegas, a good steak dinner is on our list. I have been here twice already and I love it! A good, old-fashion steakhouse serving a good piece of meat and traditional sides that are very yummy! The creamy corn, mashed potaotes and mushrooms are delicious! My petit filet was cooked perfectly and my vodka tonic was just right (refilled at the right time too!). I will say that the salad was not very good - so I would either skip it or try the table side ceaser salad (maybe next time)....It looks funny from the outside, but has cool history inside (this is where the Rat Pack dined - can't get any cooler than that :)  I love the dim lighting - perfect for a nice dinner. Oh! and their golden cow sign outside is just funny! You must appreciate this place for what it is - a classic steakhouse...
5	What an awesome evening. My man and I had heard this place was so cool and tasty...so we had to check it out. It was every bit as awesome as everyone had said. The hostess was very pleasant and complimented me on my dress (I told her where to get it and then we had a mini conversation on how great that store is).  We were seated at a cozy and intimate booth with lots of pics of the Rat Pack. Then we meet Fabian....and he was hilarious...with really cool hair. Fabian made us laugh and just made the dinner so much more delightful. He was poking fun at me for ordering an espresso while I was munching on my steak which sent me into scores of giggles (I must admit it isn't like me to have espresso before dessert...but I was dragging butt). Then he made the most amazing bananas foster table side. It was hot, sweet, tasty and gave us a good show by setting it on fire before pouring it over ice cream. Overall it was an amazing night and my man and I will be back for the great meat, great drinks (literally fishbowl sized martinis), and great people. So much fun!
5	I have been wanting to go here for years. The Golden Steer has old Las Vegas charm. The staff is attentive and friendly. The food & wine is amazing. This is one of my new favorite spots.
5	What a flash back to the past!!!! And not at all in a bad way! LOVED feeling like I was dining in the 50's in this place. The food selection matched the atmosphere! Starting with the cocktails to the dessert , everything was right on!
4	Went here 2/11/11. I got the petite fillet mignon it was very very good. A steakhouse should have a great steak and this place definitely did.The sides-calamari, crab cakes, broccoli, mushrooms, onion rings, were just ok. The service was excellent.Hubby got bone in rib eye.Also, got 2 glasses of wine and a martini. Total bill was $175 pre tip. I think that is very reasonable dinner total.
4	After driving by a million times and hearing about it from a few fellow foodies, my boyfriend and I decided to go Check out the golden steer on valentines day. They accommodated our request for a booth and decorated the dining room and bar nicely for the holiday. We were told it was a great old Vegas steakhouse and found ourselves sitting in Joe Demaggio's booth. The waiter was nice enough and the service overall was okay. The famous caesar salad was pretty good and so was the lobster bisque. I enjoyed the prime rib and my boyfriend ordered the t-bone. The twice baked potato and sauteed mushrooms were to die for! The creamed spinach was ok. We loved the bananas foster dessert and overall enjoyed our experience. Definitely a novelty experience and enjoyable old Vegas vibe. I'm planning on taking my grandmother for her birthday as a special treat...
5	You have to be doing something right in Vegas to be open since the 1950's. Well the Golden Steer does service right. Everyone from the hostess to the bartender and waiters are actually glad that you went out of your way to stop by the Steer. This place IS old school Vegas, table side salads, deep red leather booths and waiters in formal wear.Start with a martini (gin, vermouth, olive) and enjoy a good experience.The wine list has some nice selections at reasonable prices ($30-45). The menu has a nice selection of both beef and Italian. I'm a fan of the prime rib.
3	I went here with a few friends on friday and our experience on this night moved me to make this my first review.  First off, I'm a fan of this place, I've been here a few times.  It's a local steakhouse, interesting history, a real old school Vegas feel and definitely a place to try if you're looking for something cool and different in ambiance in LV.  So the service is eh, average.  Although the host was excited we were there, the waiter was less than friendly, robotic, interested in taking our order, and moving on to the next table. The food was good, traditional steak, american and some italian pasta dishes.  We ordered the escargot, crab cakes and calamari.  The escargot were good, buttery and garlic-y.  The crab cakes big, nice and calamari was just ok.  I tried the lobster bisque and it was delicious.  Everyone had a some sort of steak and we shared the asparagus, which were done very well with a nice buttery hollandaise and also mashed potatoes.When we got our steaks, one was wrong, not just grilled wrong but the wrong cut.  After a 10 minute wait the correct steak was brought out.  And it was disappointing that when the bill came out, we were charged for that steak despite the inconvenience and error on their part....and our starving guest having to wait for his food!  The Golden Steer has been around forever and obviously do things well and it is a must try place.  In the future though, I may try other local steakhouses unless I'm dragged here again by a GS virgin.  This experience was less than golden so I rate it 3 stars until they fully win me over again.
4	Another old school Steak House.  Open since the 50's!  Steak was good but not in the same league as Flemings or Morton's!
3	If you are looking for a good slab of meat at an affordable price, this is a pretty consistent place to eat, especially with a large dinner group. Not fancy or frilly but decent steaks in huge proportions with a family casual setting. Dont order the chicken or any seafood, this place is a red meat zone! Would you order sushi at Katz's deli? Far better than any outback, lonestar or boulder creek or any other chain steakhouse, but certainly no Lugers, Mortons or Delmonico.
5	Best ever.
5	My parents, my cousin and her husband, and my gf and I went to the Golden Steer awhile back. My gf used to go here a lot when she was in college and always talked about it, how awesome it used to be to get a serious steak dinner in an old school steakhouse with charisma and old school charm. Johnny the original bartender is still there, been told he's been there for 50+ years. (I bet he has some stories)Being from the Midwest and raising cattle my parents love a good steak. And my cousin and her husband are cowboys(girls) from Red River NM and they love a nice piece of meat as well.  This was perfect, they were all staying at the Flamingo Hilton (behind the flamingo tower) and I swung by to pick them up.  Being so close to the strip it's an easy trek up LV Blvd from flamingo.  We walked in and were immediately greeted and escorted to a table in the middle of the room, we wouldn't all fit in the few booths available. The place was remarkably quiet for the amount of people in there, a huge group of Texans with cowboy hats occupied a table of about 12 in the middle of the room but they kept it down even though there were about 4 bottles of wine empty on the table already haha.I ordered the Ribeye and it was out of this world. Such a big piece of meat!!!! Ribeye is my favorite cut of steak, the marbling is perfect in this cut and it holds a flavor really well. Some cuts of steak that you try to season never really hold a marinade but ribeyes do. I had the baked potato and it was huge as well, I didn't finish it all.My whole family still talks about their experience at "that steakhouse" in Vegas talking about how big and reasonably prices the food is. And they're from the Midwest where prices are about 60% of Vegas standards for the same quality and size of steaks so that's saying something.  Will definitely be back someday. Still waiting for a steakhouse to do better than this in this town, however there have been a few that are close to comparable. Overall experience was 5 stars, Can't wait for my parents to come back so we can go again (since they paid (: )
4	Lemme start this off by saying that I'm a vegetarian. At a steakhouse. That being said, I found PLENTY of options here that were very tasty. I settled, and I use the term loosely there, on the toasted ravioli, which was AMAZING!!! So creamy, and complimented by a great marinara. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their flesh, so no complaints there. The wait staff and hostess were so friendly! I especially loved the hostess, who was joking around with us and very helpful in getting us a cab after dinner. Definitely go here on your birthday. It'll be very "explosive"...
4	Don't like the way it looks from the outside, but don't ever judge a book by it's cover.  One word to describe my experience with  this place is "SURPRISED."   As soon as I stepped in the atmosphere was nothing like what I had expected.  It was an older, but classy setting and they even had a pianist.  We had excellent service from our waiter and our food was great!  It was worth the price and experience.  If I was rich I'd eat there on a regular basis!
5	The best of the best in Las Vegas.  Best wait staff, best martinis, best caesar made at the table (!!!!!!!!!), best steaks - no steakhouse in Las Vegas can come close to Golden Steer.  And you get old school history to boot!  It just does not get better than this.
3	Not the greatest steakhouse in the world, but a good one. I came in with mild expectations. When you first walk up to the restaurant, the decor looks real old-fashioned. You feel like you are entering the 60's version of Las Vegas. Pretty classy. I was greeted by a beautiful hostess who led me straight to my table. From there it seemed like I had two waiters for some reason checking up on me. It was kind of weird.I end up ordering the Caesar Salad, Stuffed Seafood Mushrooms, and the Bone in Ribeye Steak.Caesar Salad: (5/5) The salad was tossed right at the table with all the classic ingredients. The salad itself was amazing, probably the best caesar salad i've had. You could taste the subtlety of the anchovy. The croutons were also crisp, by airy. Stuffed Seafood Mushrooms: (2/5) I really did not like this appetizer. Usually I don't regret my orders, but this one was a big time meh. While the mushroom was cooked fine, the seafood stuffing was bland, lacked texture, and just tasted whatever. I had to force myself to finish it. Honestly, my friend makes a better version of stuffed mushrooms. Bone in Ribeye Steak: (4/5) The steak came out on a sizzling plate and looked like ready to beast on. The first couple bites were out of this world. It was perfectly marbled. I was ready to give the trophy as the best steak to this one. But as I beasted on the edges of the steak, the interior got a tad bit tough and was not marbled. As I got closer to the bone, the marbling came back, and I was happy again.
5	This place is amazingly delicious, a gem hidden just off LV Boulevard next to a bank of other food joints.  We went for my birthday and were not at all disappointed!  It felt like real Vegas old school swank -- the old oil paintings of the West, the tuxedo-clad waiters doing a nice tableside Caesar salad, the giant steaks that are cooked right and moist.   I wonder if Elvis had a giant roman candle jabbed into his slice of birthday cake, too?  It lit the entire room up for 45 seconds.  That's the Golden Steer -- doing it big, doing it right.
4	Old world charm and good food combine to make this a Vegas classic. The ambiance alone is worth trotting over to what appears to be a hole in the wall restaurant in a rather less appealing part of town. The hubby and I tried it for a dinner out after a show and we were pleasantly surprised by the experience. I absolutely love love love the decor. When you walk in it's like walking back in time to when wood paneling and large leather covered booths were the epitome of class. The dimly lit dining room with the rich dark colors made my head swim at the sight of it (or maybe that was the wine). I imagined what it was like years ago when the Vegas elite frequented it and I don't think they have changed a bit since. The service was impeccable. We couldn't have asked for a more attentive waiter. The food was scrumptious. We ordered the shrimp cocktail and oysters Rockefeller, both were divine. The oysters were lush and perfectly seasoned while the shrimp were fresh and cooked to the ideal texture. The bone in ribeye was delectable. I am a ribeye fanatic and I order my steaks rare which makes it easy to tell if a cut of meat isn't up to par. There was plenty of marble in the meat and although the outside wasn't as crispy as I usually like it, the taste was incredible. My husband ordered the filet and enjoyed his as well. The portions were ample and hearty. I relished the evening of divine food and vintage glamour.
3	I had heard from several people what a great steakhouse the Golden Steer is. So one Tuesday night, with Groupon in hand, the hubby and I ventured out to not the best neighborhood in town and tried it out for dinner. After walking past the neighboring seedy bar (the one that had signs saying "Karaoke With Porn Stars" plastered on the window), we walked into the Golden Steer. We were immediately welcomed and noticed the bar was bustling. The decor/ambience - dark, wood paneling, cowboy oil paintings, big horns on each wall, red pleather booths, staff in tuxedos - classic or cheesy? I can't decide. In comparison to the polished, popular places on the strip, I'll be nice and say vintage Vegas. The lobster bisque was thick, heavy and creamy, and not in a good way. Consistency resembled ... plaster mix. I ordered the NY Strip. Cooked perfectly. Very good. The hubby's rib eye was a little overcooked. But was ok. We've definitely had better for about the same price range in places like Mortons or Ruths Chris. Overall, the whole experience was ok. Service was good. Not sure if we would eat here again though, but I'm glad we tried out it out, at least to experience a little "old Vegas".
5	I have driven by this restaurant hundreds, probably thousands, of times while growing up here in Vegas, and I had never tried out out until yesterday evening. I wish I had tried this place out earlier, as it proved to be some of the most excellent steak I have had in Vegas.The real reason I held off on trying this place out for so long was the cost. It is an expensive restaurant, which each steak priced at least $35 and the Italian Specialties (Chicken Parmigiana, etc) running at about $26-$27. That being said, I did use a Groupon to eat here. The Groupon was good for $50, and while I initially intended to bring Dana as a nice dinner out, I ended up just going myself as $50 will really only cover one person.The interior of the restaurant stands in stark contrast to the crappy strip mall that it resides in. It's dark, as classic Vegas restaurants tend to be, and has a wonderful atmosphere. It's definently obvious the place was built in 1958, and the history of the building is easy to see and feel.The waiters couldn't have been nicer. They greeted me as though I were a regular in the place, and popped over my table from time to time to share stories about the more famous patrons (The Rat Pack, Elvis Presley, Mario Andretti) of the restaurant. Apparently, Robert De Niro's son also works here as a waiter, which doesn't make much sense...but hey, that's cool.As an appetizer, I ordered the signature garlic bread ($5), which was pretty tasty. It's pretty much impossible not to make a huge mess when eating it, which makes it all the more fun. The regular bread was excellent as well, and came out so fresh and hot that I almost burned myself when I grabbed it. No complaints though, I'll take hot, fresh bread any day of the week :)For the entree, I had the 14 oz. Top Sirloin steak ($37) and a side order of steak fries ($8). I am a seasoning and sauce fanatic...but this steak needed nothing extra. Much like Bob Taylor's Ranch House, the meat is cooked in such a way that the natural flavor of the meat is rich enough that no extra seasoning is necessary. When all was said and done, my bill came out exactly to $50, so I just had to throw the waiters a tip. It was truly an excellent meal, and I would consider this in the upper echelon of Vegas steakhouses.
2	We really wanted to like this place but we won't be back.  We celebrated my husbands birthday.  We usually go to Mortons but had a groupon for the Golden Steer.  Our server was ok, a little strange and not overly friendly.  Got the feeling he was over us when we mentioned groupon.  My husand had the Ceasear salad which was a good portion and homemade.  My onion soup was warm and not hot but flavor was good.  I had the smallest prime rib they had which was 18oz and ridiculously large.  My husband had the petite filet.  Both were just ok.  Definitely not the "Finest Steaks in Las Vegas" as they promote here.  The Lyonnaise potatoes were gross.  Smothered in onoions on top so you can't even see it's a potato dish.  Prices are high-not worth it
5	Love this place. Good food.good.times and excellent service..The chicken is ok.. but the steak rocks.. had the ny strip and it was very very good. I love the feel of this place as much as the food. Old School. No dorky fanny pack wearing people in this joint. . strictly Sinatra and the Rat Pack. Its a serious steak house with amazing service and great food. I felt tougher just eating there.. thus I will continue to patronize this joint just to lift my self esteem. Its Vegas old school still alive and well.
4	I'm a fan of the Golden Steer! My friend brought me here on our first night in Vegas and we were all impressed with the friendly, attentive service and the great food. The tableside Caesar was tasty but could have used a bit more garlic in my opinion and the shrimp was awesome! Lots of garlic, a little white wine and a bit buttery.My friends had steak and they loved it!Overall, we loved the place, including the cool, retro decor. Next time we are in Vegas, we will be back. Thanks Golden Steer!
5	the steaks here were one of the two best i have EVER had.  unfortunately everything is a la carte hence very expensive place to eat.  it looks like a dump from the outside but we can see the parking lot from our balcony and it is usually full at dinnertime.  it's an 'old vegas' haunt: dark, velvety, with dean and frank singing the whole evening. we sat in dean martin's booth (they say).  the service was very attentive when we arrived, but i think they forgot about us; not the quickest, i actually had to get up to give the waiter the check, but you can't beat the meat!hint: they say if you sit in the bar area the food is less expensive.
4	stiff drinks, mahogany and red velvet interior and plenty of red meat.  do you need anything more? they even have booths where sinatra and the rat pack used to come and dine.
1	There are not many wonderful old Vegas left in town.  My first trip to Golden Steer was a wonderful experience, fun full of history and great food. TIMES HAVE CHANGED.I will say the waiters are still very attentive and full of stories about the glory days of the Golden Steer - we heard our waiter tell 4 tables the same story. The decor fairly rundown but you can overlook it at times to try and get into the spirit of old Las Vegas.  The food tonight just plain not good and far too expensive for what it was.  The shortcuts are evident and the quality compeltely gone.  The frozen lobster tail was $100.  The New York steak had a prime rib au jus poured on top that shouldn't be there and on top of that was so obviously from a powdered packet that it was insulting.  The waiter suggested a twice baked potato that tasted like it had been in the refrigerator since my last visit two years ago.The whole experience made me sad as we are obviously losing another Vegas landmark, as return customers at this time must be few and far between.Bottom line we could have spent the same money or less at Botero or Scarpetta and been wowed by the food - truth is being mugged for the $500 would have been less painful then this meal.
4	Old school steakhouses are OK in my book. Last night was my first time at Golden Steer. The service was excellent as soon as I walked in the door. Camacho is one funny guy. I love the decor of this place. Lots of booths. Warm, dark and really really comfortable dim lighting. The food. You ask?Bone in ribeye - Soooo  gooood!!!! Cooked to medium rare perfection.very flavorful steak. Filet - pink juicy center. Go meat.Mushrooms - the sauce was awesome. 2x baked potato - its ok... this put our meal to  carbohydrate overload. I bit too much food I think for two people. Overall, my experience here was pretty good. I'm pretty sure that I will be back.Note: They have gaming machines at the bar.
5	Another excellent steakhouse experience on my recent trip to the adult Disneyland that is Sin City.  Golden Steer continues to be a shining example of old Las Vegas, before celebrity chefs and corporate owned casinos when a large steak and a strong cocktail were what fueled the Rat Pack.Golden Steer continues to deliver a prime steak with an even more prime serving of nostalgia.  I'll be back as soon as I have an "excuse" to visit Las Vegas....
4	I have a soft spot for this place... it's one of the last places, if not the last place, I ate out with my father. Walking in, I was waxing nostalgic and a little sad... and really - maybe too much so - looking forward to one of the most amazing meals on the planet.Ooops. To be fair, nothing was *wrong* but it just wasn't the 4-5 star amazing steakhouse that, I have no doubt, it once was. The "meh" experiences:The lobster bisque had a good flavor but it could have been a little bit deeper. It was also a bit too thick and began to form a skin pretty quickly. I expected much, much more.The Caesar was a disappointment. (1) It was made in stages; the preparer actually walked away in the middle to do something else, then came back to finish. (2) It was made too soon... so it sat while I finished my soup. I felt rushed because of this and passed my soup on to one of my friends who wanted to try it, just to make room for the hovering staff to deliver the now wilted, warmish salad.The great experiences:My escargot were perfect. Tender, a lot of flavor, and with a generous portion of garlic butter without drowning in it. Simply prepared and presented, the meat was the shining star here; spot on.My companions had the shrimp scampi with fettucini and a petite filet with a side of creamed spinach. The shrimp were large, tender, and done very well. The steak was cooked perfectly to order with just the right char on the outside. Very juicy, fantastic texture, and delicious. I didn't have the spinach (only because I was full off the escargot and tastes of the rest) but it was well received and, in fact, devoured promptly.The wine service was done well and the bottle of Paso Robles cab sauv I chose was (of course! ;)) the perfect accompaniment to the meal. We were also gifted a Sebastiani as a second bottle. It was good, but nothing spectacular. The thought is what counts, yes, but - and I hate to look a gift horse in the mouth here - you are a steakhouse and touting your wines... serve us something you would tout and celebrate.The creme brulee we shared was tasty. Nothing more, nothing less.So far, a solid 3-star experience. A-OK, and "good."But then...The AMAZING experiences:The overall service (minus the salad fiasco) was personal and friendly and engaging. Camacho and Jay and the gang want to be a part of your experience and take care of you old-school style. They are ingrained in the history of the place and are, by far, the main reason to dine here. They will, in between filling your glasses and placing your plates, fill you in on history (the good, the bad, the baudy) and are always quick with a smile, a handshake for the guys, and a wink for the gals. They truly enjoy what they do and it shows.If you want energetic, you have it. If you want quiet and intimate, you can have that, too. Let them know what to create, and you will find the atmosphere you want. *THIS* is the reason it's a 4-star review/place (as many say, I would do 3.5 if I could). Let the staff take care of you. Be not afraid to make requests, have opinions, and let yourself enjoy the evening.PS - Camacho's special coffees (not for the under-21 crowd) are yumminess in a cup. ;)
4	A classic.Picture where players of the mobbed up Vegas (60's and 70's) met to eat and discuss "business" and you're picturing the Golden Steer.Don't let its location (the "bad lands" with its wedding chapels, strip clubs, sex shops) and dated exterior keep you from trying this  steakhouse.  Step inside and you're in another era.Table side preparation is a specialty and therefore a must try.  The Caesar's salad (traditionally made with the raw egg and anchovies) is as good as any.  The lobster bisque is sublime.  Classically prepared old school style.  The steaks are very good.  All of it is prime but unlike the top steakhouses on the Strip, the meat is not heavily trimmed.  There is a good amount of fat and grizzle on a perfectly cooked piece of beef.  Once again, classic and fitting for this restaurant.  The T-Bone is excellent as is the simply prepared prime rib.Do not pass up the banana foster.  It is prepared table side.  A great show and a great desert.Service is extremely friendly.  The highly knowledgeable servers make you feel like a returning guest.The wine list is OK.  Nowhere near as extensive as many of the other top steakhouses on the Strip but prices are very good.Only two visits so far but more to come.Recommended.
5	I went to Vegas this past week with my daughter and my friend and her daughter, both girls were celebrating their 21st b-day.  We made reservations at this old school old Vegas steak house and man was I IMPRESSED!  When we walked in they knew who we were, they greated us so kindly, they gave us a great table where we could see the whole restaurant.  The hostess was so friendly she even came and sat wtih us for a bit after dinner to ask us how our experience was.  The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide! We had steak and salads and appetizers and delicious wines from the huge wine menu. The waiters work as a team so you can ask any of them for whatever you need.  They were all friendly and helpfu and funny! I was impressed all the way and would recommend this to anyone and everyone for the old time Vegas steakhouse experience.The prices were also reasonable and we had an amazing meal for a deal!
5	I have been there about a dozen times in the past 3 years and it is my favorite Las Vegas old school restaurant.  The host and waiters are always pleasant and humorous when necessary. The food is top notch. I took some clients there from Texas and they stated it was the best steak they have eaten in Las Vegas and one fo the best they have ever eaten anywhere; and they know steak in Texas !   The creamed corn is awesome and has a hint of nutmeg which offers a different taste.  If you can get a booth it adds to the evening- where Sinatra, Elvis and Marilyn Monroe and others used to eat. For the people who have dined at Ruth Chris', Mortons, etc, they pale in comparison to the ambience and nostalgia. If you want an experience that is top notch and off of the strip, this is the place for you.
1	I was really disappointed with this place. I heard it was the oldest steak house in Vegas and the Rat Pack used to go in here. I geek-ed myself up to go check this place out cause I'm a history buff.Food is not that good. I ordered a NY Strip ($40) medium, when I got the steak it was burned I mean burned, when your suppose to be eating a medium steak its' not suppose to taste like charcoal, it tasted like a low end steak. Mash Potatoes ($8) that I got wore horrible, I expected fresh made mash potatoes for the price that I was paying, they were definitely instant mash potatoes, no doubt. Salad ($8) I ordered with ranch was horrible, it was drowned in dressing and then when they cut the lettuce they put the bottom of the head in the salad and it's nasty, salad didn't taste fresh at all. All in all I spent $64 on a meal that was in all honesty worth $17. I was amazed at how when I'm paying $40 for a steak its burnt. Very Disappointed in the food.In all honesty when you look at this place from the outside your expecting a cheaper steak house and you figure its old etc, But to pay $64 for a NY strip dinner is crazy, maybe that's why there was only 2 other tables in the restaurant. If they charge $64 for a steak dinner then Outback needs to charge $128 cause there NY steak dinner is light years better. Like I said don't spend money on the food WAY WAY overrated. If you want to see the place they do have a bar where you can have drinks and look at the place.
4	From the outside, I just knew I had to eat here at some point, finally made it in.  I give it about a 3, my Aunt, who is rather persnickety, loved it, we will settle with the 4.  We went on a Tuesday and the place was just about packed by the time we left.  I knew the inside would be dated.  Their menu describes it as Turn of the Century San Francisco.  Now that I think of it, it does remind me of the back food area at the Golden Gate Casino downtown.  Lots of red and brown going on.Contrary to the other reviews, I thought the table side Caesar was pretty good.  The french onion soup was a little on the cheesy side, but who can really complain about that.  The lobster bisque was also good but of course any lobster bisque could always use a little more lobster in my opinion.Auntie and I had the crab and fillet, GF just had the fillet.  I had mine cooked medium and it came out just right.  The crab was okay if not a little dry.  The entrees came out fairly quickly, actually within a few minutes of finishing the soup/salad...guess I prefer this to waiting too long.Service was fine, although I was expecting a little more.
1	OK so DON'T go here... it's that easy!!! There were so many things wrong with my dining experience it's hard to even figure out where to begin!1) SERVICE-- I went on a Sunday evening and sat at the bar so I could watch football. The poor bartender does everything here.  She had 9 people at the bar, was cleaning glasses, answering the phone,getting our food  AND she has to make all the drinks for the waiters. And when I say ALL the drinks, they come up to her for a COKE, they don't even have a fountain drink machine for the waiters to do it themselves.  Needless to say, it took her a while to get my food ordered. There also was a group of 3 guys that sat next to me that were ordering food and playing video poker too [hold that thought].2) DRINKS--They have video poker at the bar. Fine by me. THEY DON'T COMP your DRINKS at the bar. Unheard of in Vegas. I lost $40 bucks and still paid FULL price for my 2 glasses of wine.3) FOOD--Bread? They have bread here???? Based on the other reviews apparently they do. We didn't' see any bread at the bar- carb free for us! My meal came out before my salad. Noooo bueno.  Also, about 25 mins after I ordered my meal arrived. WHY so long you ask? Because the bartender has to leave the BAR and go get the food herself. I have never in my life seen a restaurant where the bartender goes and gets her own food.  The reasoning for my salad coming out late, the waiters were getting there before her, and since the Caesars are made to order I lucked out.  Let's talk about the food...I order the combination meal-petite fillet, salad, veggie, & shrimp scampi to the tune of $65. Outback has better steak then this place. It was really dry [see pix] there wasn't even any juice on the plate. When I think of shrimp scampi-garlic, white wine, shrimp, butter, and parsley comes to mind.  This was NOT that.  It was gelatinous kinda like shark fin soup & the tails were still on the 5 shrimp.  Side of broccoli extremely undercooked. It needed 2 or 3 more minutes in the microwave from where it came from.Guys next to me started laughing when my food arrived. Then I one upped them told them I bet their apps come out with their food....well I was sort of right. Their food came out, but there were no apps with it. So poor little bartender, now has to leave the bar, for about the 5th time [with 9 people at it PS-it only seats 12] and once again go get our food. PS- I complained about the order in which the food came out, hostess did come talk to me [she might have been the manager] instead of apologizing, offering me a dessert, taking off a glass of wine, she told the bartender if she starts to get behind let her know and she'll help out.  I mentioned to her too the same thing happened to the guys next to me. She offered no apologies and didn't even go speak with them.Mind you we are drinking, eating, AND playing at this place.  My meal cost me well over $125 and was worth about $30 in my opinion.Again STK or Botero are much better options. I also have no idea how anyone else had a GOOD experience here as this might be the worst experience I've had in Vegas and maybe in a restaurant period.
3	Don't judge a book  by it's cover...or location...From the outside, you wouldnt expect to walk into the beauty that it is! Inside... The dark and intimate ambiance --just takes you back to when the Rat Pack was around.Food wasn't 4/5* but I'd give it a solid 3*... over all the food was pretty good.  We ordered steaks (order steaks if you go to a steakhouse...) didnt have to send anything back--cooked perfectly! Dont be in any sort of hurry or rush when you dine here--service isn't bad, but they do operate a little slower here!Not a restaurant I'd tell you to run to as soon as you arrive...but if you're a frequent visitor to Vegas, and you haven't eaten here-- I'd def. try it out!
5	After my experience here, I don't think I will go to another steakhouse in Las Vegas.  They had an article about Golden Steer in the LA Times, so we had to give it a try, and I'm glad we did.First, the front does it no justice.  It looks like a strip club from the outside which they admit they have been trying to change but the city wouldn't let them for whatever reason.  They also had video poker at the bar which was pretty tacky.Aside from that, this place is fabulous.  First it has a lot of history.  Apparently the Rat Pack hung here before they were the Rat Pack.  According to their historian, Stephanie, Mario Andrette, Bette Midler are regulars.  OJ Simpson had his last dinner here and other celebrities have frequented here.  The restaurant owned by Nickie Santoro in Casino is based on this restaurant.Once your inside, you notice the old school booths, the wood paneling, that the overall dark atmosphere, just how a steakhouse should be.  After being seated, Stephanie sat with us and gave us the history.  Then our server Camacho came and took care of us.  This guy is a character and knows how to take care of his guests.We went with a bottle of wine and I had the End Cut Prime Rib with a twice baked potato.  It was their smallest cut and this thing was massive.  No comparison to the Outback as another Yelper has suggested.  It was also a bone in which was not expected on an end cut.  The potato was also one of the best I've had.  We finished with drink and my Manhattan was filled to the rim of a very large martini glass.Overall, a great dining experience and a must do in Vegas.
5	Phenomenal steak, had NY Strip 16 oz, which was done to perfection, as was the fresh asparagus as a side dish.  Definitely old school restaurant with friendly professional wait staff (i.e., not actors waiting for next gig), and lots of history.  This was a taste of the original Las Vegas, and it's nice to see something like this has survived the arrival of the facade palaces.  Frank and Dean and Sammy ate here and hung out here, and you might be seated where they once sat (we were).  Not cheap, but worth every penny.  If you want to go beyond the buffet specials and chain restaurants and simulated splendor, definitely go here.  It's a step into the past and the food was great.
4	Good Ole Steaks in Old World Charm (After you navigate the rough neighborhood of Sahara and LV Blvd......I really like this place regardless of the feeling of the neighborhood.  Just park in front, make sure to put your alarm on and take your valuables.1.  Ambiance - Inside it is old School Vegas or old School steak house. Dark, booths, tables. While not modern and I would wonder what the place looks like with all the lights on, this place kinda grows on you.2.  Service - Same as the ambiance.  Old School for sure. Not your modern and gregarious type, but certainly knowledgeable and efficient!3.  Food - All the steaks are great an I particularly enjoy the Filet and the Rib Eye.  These two cuts of meat here are fantastic, tender, perfectly cooked.  All the sides are great, especially the mushrooms!  4.  Price - A bit on the expensive side, but most steak places are.5.  And... you can come here casual, dressed, in a large party or small.  This is a great place and while it may not have the "it" factor of other places, Golden Steer is very consistent!
5	The service is wonderfully old school attentive. There is so much history to this place.  The Rat Pack and Marilyn used to hang out here. The food is excellent.  Its pricing is the same as a typical class chain like Capital Grill or Del Frisco's, but the serving are huge!  You really get your money's worth here.  The small prime rib (perfectly cooked) is 17 ounces!  The waiters are quick to make suggestions for sides and appetizers.  Listen to them; they know what they are talking about.  And trust them on the wines.  They aren't trying to sell you on a $20 glass of wine.  It's extremely reasonable for what you get.  And ask about the history of the restaurant.  If you only have one night to go out for prime rib or steak in Vegas, make it at the Golden Steer!
4	The steaks are a 5 star experience. The other stuff is good but not great. We love the place except some of the waiters are a little too schmaltzy/jokey. One in particular makes some really off color jokes that are just not cool in a lot of ways & he NEVER lets up. Again, the beef here is sublime.
3	Well, I wasn't expecting much when I came here -- oldest steakhouse in Vegas? Old rat-pack haunt? They can pretty much phone it in -- which the waiters do, or did on this particular night. But while the service and starters were crap, the steak really was wonderful. I was pleasantly surprised after such a poor start. I had a bone-in rib-eye, packed with flavor and tender. Friends enjoyed their fillet mignon as well. The steaks made up for the whole night. The asparagus and mash were pretty decent, though the cream of spinach was watery and the worst I've had anywhere. I came for the experience as much as the food and it was 'interesting,' in a good way There was a Marylin lookalike kicking around, and a sign above our booth told us Joe DiMaggio used to eat where we were sitting. Still a formal dining experience but with a bit of kitsch thrown in. Is it possible for waiters to be very nice and act like they don't give a crap at the same time? Pretty much what they managed here. We got no service for a half hour and then four guys came by in quick succession. One waiter told us he was from Belarus (I think) and then a Mexican waiter came by, and then the Belarus guy came back and said, 'You're all white folks so don't listen to what the Mexican says'. He was joking, they were friends, I guess, but it was inappropriate enough to add to the surreal humor of the evening.I wouldn't rush back because of the service and the sides/starters -- the salad and calamari we started with were decidedly average -- but really, the steak saved it and got them from 2 stars to 3. And that's what you go there for after all.
2	We have lived in Las Vegas for 40 years, the Golden Steer was always on our "to-do" list but there are so-o-o many great restaurants in Las Vegas it took us a while to eat here. What a dissapointment, my t-bone was tough, you could go down the block a bit to Palace Station's Broiler & get a better steak and a much better deal. My husbands's prime rib was just okay, a better one at half the cost can be had at Jerry's Nugget.Since this was a "bucket list" thing to do we were let down.Everything was a la carte, I mean $12.00 for a small plate of Caesar's salad, really??? We don't mind having an expensive meal if it is worth it, save your money...it is not worth it.
1	I went to this place with some high expectation since a guy said it was the best SH in Vegas. I was very disappointed!If large portions mean good to you this place is for you.My filet Mignon was crap.. I ordered it MR and it came out burnt on the entire outside which left about 3/4 inch of extremely well done dry hard steak and then a absolutely raw center. not to mention a quite large piece of grizzle i spit out and hide under my parsley garnish.my buddy got the onion ring which were very good. Chop salad was very good with blue cheese dressing.Overall probably the worst steak house I have been to in Vegas.Avoid this place. way to many great steak houses.
1	I will NEVER  return to The Golden Steer.   I am a local resident, and had visited The Golden Steer only one time before, many years ago.  After my first visit I was convinced that I had eaten at one of the finest restaurants in the world.  The food, the ambiance, and the service were impeccable.  Could it be that when Thomas Wolf wrote 'You Can't Go Home Again' he was referring to restaurants, as well? On Tuesday evening, December 20, I revisited The Golden Steer with my partner.    The ambiance on my first visit had been that of a Fine Steak House, elegant and tasteful.  On the Tuesday that we visited it was more akin to a Denny's in a depressed area.  Even though the room was nearly empty, we were seated next to a large corner booth occupied by what was obviously a family.  That would not have been a problem, except that shortly after our seating a young girl, about 5 or 6 years old, began singing the one partial verse of Jingle Bells that she knew - over and over.  Again, not so bad - until she started jumping up and down in the seat.  Then a "Hostess' or some female employee came over to their booth and encouraged the little girl to keep it up, sing louder; and even joined in with her for a few more rounds of the same 8 - 10 words that she knew.  I could have asked to be reseated, but I let it go.  It was the Christmas Season, after all. My guest ordered a dinner salad without tomatoes.   They seemed to take forever to arrive.   They finally arrived via table side cart.  They were finished and placed on the table.  There were tomatoes on both salads.  We told the server, and he took the incorrect salad away on the cart.  Nearly 10 minutes later he returned with the salad plate in his hand, and plopped it down, very unceremoniously, in front of my guest. The entrees arrived.  I had ordered Prime Rib of Beef (36 oz), baked potato, and creamed corn.  My guest had the Top Sirloin, steak fries and broccoli.  We both asked for our entree to be cooked the same way; medium to medium well.   My prime rib was overcooked - to the point of being DRY.  Fortunately, the au jus was there to make it palatable. My partner's steak was closer to cremated.   There wasn't even a tinge of pink to be found in that steak.  We have both had meat that was a little too done on the outside edges, only to have it turn out to be fine as we got closer to the center.  We both kept eating, hoping for a tasty outcome.  Unfortunately, that was not the case that night.   After reaching the center of the dry, tough steak, the waiter finally wandered by.  We pointed out how overcooked the meat was.   He made a production of inspecting every aspect of the half eaten steak, flashlight and all, trying desperately to find even a speck of pink.  Unable to do so, he offered to replace it, although he felt it necessary to point out that nearly half of the meat had already been eaten.  We declined his embarrassingly disingenuous offer.  He left, returning a few minutes later to say that he had spoken to the management who had graciously taken half the price of the steak off of our bill. Nothing was right that night.  The corn was way too sweet.  The baked potato, while big,  was absolutely unfit to serve.  Nearly black on the bottom, it had about one half inch of dark brown, scorched flesh on the inside.  Fortunately, it was large enough that I could salvage some edible parts from the top half.  The broccoli was the opposite, both undercooked (to the point of being hard)  and COLD.  A dab of butter put on top in an attempt to make it palatable,  just sat there, unmelted, throughout the meal. We asked to have the remainder of our meals wrapped to go.  I specifically mentioned wanting the au jus for my prime rib, since it was inedible without it.  I was absolutely stunned and actually embarrassed when they brought out our take home package.  Cheap Styrofoam clam-shells in a generic plastic bag!  Even Denny's has more class than to present their guests with such a cheap, inelegant farewell.  When I got home I found that the waiter had forgotten (?) to include the au jus.  My dogs appreciated The Golden Steer.  That night, they ate prime rib for the first time in their lives. The prices were very high, on par with what one would expect from a steakhouse that actually serves good food.  The service was poor, and any sign of ambiance must have fled after Sinatra's last visit.  This is NOT "Old School Vegas".  This is just an establishment that  'jumped the shark' many years ago.
4	This is one of those places that you should go to at least once in your life, especially if you're a vegas local. You owe it to yourself to experience this old vegas landmark. You'll likely be in the company of some Old Vegas Money sitting nearby...peering at you curiously. Regardless, its a cool experience with waiters dressed in tuxes and spouting cheesy jokes and factoids for first time diners. The interior is well maintained with classy paintings and red leather upholstered booths that make you feel like you are breaking bread with the rat pack. If you like atmosphere the way I do, you'll feel right at home.The bread wasn't bad, but nothing particularly memorable.The steaks arrived at a reasonable time-- we didn't really wait that long. The steak itself was perfect-- definitely one of the ten best steaks I've ever tasted in my lifetime. I'm not sure if it was the best outright, or if it was considerably better than the one I had at Hank's steak and martini. It was a ribeye cooked medium rare--just the way any real steak eater likes em. My girlfriend had the prime rib which came with some pretty tasty horseradish and cream dip. We ordered steak fries as our solitary side. I had no problem finishing my rib eye and sampled some of my girlfriends cut, which was perfectly cooked as well. I can't comment much on the sides, other than to say that the fries we ordered were tasty but hardly better than the fat fries you can get at your local Fatburger. From what I've been told, the sides are good but not stellar at this joint. If i return in the future I'll be better able to assess the experience but from what I saw, it was an enjoyable night with good, expensive food.
4	Fantastic old Vegas style steakhouse. One of Frank's favs.  Off the strip but not to be missed.
2	I wanted a nice sit down dinner with the homies before we got the party started.  It being the oldest steakhouse in Vegas, I had to give it a try.  The place is pretty swank if you like that old school feel, which I do.  The cozy booths and the piano player set the tone for what I expected to be an excellent evening.  I snagged some of the Caesar's Salad that was prepared table-side.  I think I would have preferred the dressing come out of a bottle since it was so bland, I couldn't tell it was Caesar.  For an appetizer I went with the escargot that was touted as a house specialty and got sick from it immediately.  No, this wasn't my first or even tenth time having escargot.  I don't give up though and out came my monster of a prime rib.  Unfortunately, I wasn't impressed.  The meat was full of tendons and gristle, out of the 24 ounces only about 10 was edible.  Sadly, the whipped potatoes were the highlight of the meal.We did feel P.I.M.P. leaving the restaurant in their complimentary limo yet the free ride wasn't redeeming enough.
2	I took my Dad here for his birthday. He was completely indifferent on where he wanted to go for his birthday, and we both love steak. I figured this place was historic in this town, so it'd be cool to say I have eaten here. Also, I had a living social deal that was soon to expire. For all those reasons, it just made sense to try it. The hostess was extremely friendly. She kinda set the tone for what should have been an excellent experience. The ambiance was also pretty sweet. It was exactly what you'd expect after hearing that this place has been around for a while, and the old time Vegas elites used to eat here. After those two huge pluses, the main drawback was the servers. The servers here are absolutely terrible. No personality whatsoever, no customer service, inattentive, and even molasses would get infuriated with impatience waiting for service. It was a perfect storm of what makes someone a shitty waiter. After your waiter takes your order, you might as well say goodbye because that's the last time you're gonna see him. Someone else brings your food, which in and of itself isn't really a big deal. Your food even arrives in a timely manner. But your waiter won't be back again for anything. Want a refill on your soda? Nope. Apparently, you aren't good enough for refills on your sodas here. At other restaurants the waiter makes sure everything is good with your order, not here. No, at Golden Steer, you're on your own to track a busboy down with any requests or issues you may have. Then you need to cross your fingers and hope for the best. They do however, keep up on your water glass. So you aren't gonna die of dehydration at least. Upon looking around the sea of seemingly disheartened geriatrics eating their meals all around us, I assumed that all those people came into the establishment as bright eyed, young go getters. Then they aged horribly waiting for their check to arrive, while simultaneously losing all the hope they once had in this world. I was convinced I was going to suffer the same fate. I even managed to flag down our waiter and gave him my living social voucher after we were done eating, only to have a completely unrelated waiter bring me my bill without any discount showing on it (for what felt like at least a half hour later). I think they were trying some kind of strange, crafty server scheme. Maybe they would take the $50 off the bill afterwards and split it. Who knows, maybe they just get easily confused when they each have a whopping three tables to attend to. That whole terrible waiter experience completely took away any of the old school charm the place could have had, it also didn't represent the price they charge for their food (around $100 for two people without any discount). I have no problem paying for a great meal with great service, but this place left much to be desired. It seems awful that the one thing getting the least amount of attention in my review is the actual food itself, which was actually pretty decent. You can do a lot better for your money though. I would take the Palm steakhouse at Caesar's over this place any day of the week. Much much better service, and better food on top of it. I believe the pricing is even a little better there. I was gonna give this place three stars, but when I read the summary of a two star review, it summed it up perfectly. "Meh. I've experienced better." ... Cue "That's what she said" in 3...2...1..
4	A Vegas classic, opened in 1958, when it was across from the now burned down El Rancho, it is the oldest steakhouse in continuous operation in town.  The walls are covered with photos of celebrities and gangsters, plus a new one of of our current mayor and her husband, the former mayor and mob lawyer.  Ask for the room in the rear, as the lighting is a little lower and the wood paneling a little richer.  We had the Shecky Green booth at the far back and I will remember to ask for it again.  Our waiter, Fabian, was just right, no hovering or "I'll be your server today" prattle, but always just a little way off when we needed him.And the steaks were fabulous.  My rib eye covered the whole plate. Succulent and marbled with just a little fat, cooked exactly medium rare and let to rest just long enough for the juices to stay inside.  My friend's medium well filet mignon was to his liking as well.  He started with crab cakes, light and flaky and my crab cocktail was the kind that brings you back to Vegas.  My wife's oysters on the half shell were fresh and sweet, though the horseradish sauce lacked punch.My only gripe is that the wine list is just adequate, not great.  Fabian looked at the Barolo we brought to remedy the problem skeptically, but it was big and still tannic and a great match to the meat and corkage of $20 wasn't outrageous.  Can't wait to go back with our next out of town guests.
4	OK - a lot of people slam the Steer for having an "out-of-date" menu - but the Steer's charm doesn't come from the food. The Steer, along with Hugo's Cellar downtown, are the last of a dying breed - classic Vegas restaurants with red tuck-and-roll upholstery booths and a vintage spirit. I wish I lived closer - their lounge would be my new home.I ordered the scallops marsala which, I hate to say, was a bit strange and totally missed the mark - but the creamed corn and steamed broccoli sides were really well done. We told them it was our anniversary when we booked our reservation, so at the end of the meal they threw in a cheesecake dessert with a flame-thrower of a sparkler on top! Festive!The waitress was chatty and filled with cheesy Vegas tales, the old goombahs in the booth across from us kept ordering the waiter around like ex-mobster royalty and talking about how so-and-so's neighbor was a prostitute. Lots of local character and vintage Vegas wackiness.Like I said....you don't go here for the food!
2	Old school steakhouse off the strip near downtown.  Steak was perfectly cooked and delicious!  The ambiance was liking walking back into 1958 with red booths and dim lights.  The service however, was extremely lacking.  Our server poured our wine and we basically never saw him again.  We had to ask water refills.  That marred the experience for us.
2	Golden Steer is trading on its Vegas history. We started w crab cakes, lobster bisque, and salads. Salads were very good, but apps were avg. For entrees we had ribeye and fillet. Both ok...not bad but nothing special. Wine list was just ok. Nothing was bad but the prices were similar to higher end steak restaurants and food just wasn't that good. I'd prefer to go to Del Friscos or several other places. The live piano/singer in the bar was nice.
3	the atmosphere was nice.  old italian and most of the staff was authentic italian.  the best waiter there is Fernando.,  He is attentive and has a great sense of humor.  the main problems are the food and prices.  we were two.  we ordered the 24oz prime rib.,  but it was not warm enough.  the bill for two with one glass of wine and 2 drinks was $150 a bit steep for what we got.
1	The first time that we went there it was awesome, since then we have been there three of four more times and it was more disappointing each time (and no we are not bad tippers).  The food is great and I really like the menu but the service is so terrible it ruins the entire experience.  They have a team service approach where any of the waiters can wait on you, but instead of the service being excellent they are just trying to push you out the door and you do not receive attentive service at all.  When I am paying $200 for dinner I expect the food to be excellent and the service to be professional.  The last time that we went there after we had been seated for about 15 minutes and a busser had brought us water a waiter came up to our table smacking gum, leaned on the table, clicked his pen and said "are you ready to order?"  WHAT!!!!!  This is something that I would expect at a Denny's not at a high end steak house.  I was actually mad that the waiter was so abrupt and I thought the gum chewing was DISGUSTING.  We explained that we were not ready to order quite yet and he just turned and walked away.  A couple minutes later another waiter comes up and says "are you ready to order?  There was no introduction, didn't ask us if we had been there before and did not discuss the menu at all.  We finally ordered and another waiter brought our food out.  There was an issue with how the steak was cooked but we had to sit there waiting trying to catch a waiter's attention.  After sitting there for about 10 minutes not eating a waiter finally came over and asked if everything was OK (a different waiter).  We explained that there was an issue and he took the steak back.  I am actually sorry that the service is so bad because I like the restaurant, but when waiters are unprofessional and discourteous it ruins the experience for me.  The prices are commensurate with high-end steak houses on the strip but the service is not.
4	Great steaks and sides. Traditional steakhouse, very good service. Worth the trip.
1	I just received the worst service experience in my years of eating at high end steak houses. The food was good overall but I don't need to be disrespected and insulted on top of mediocre service when I'm dropping a grand in your establishment.We had a group of 8 get together for a post Viva Las Vegas dinner. Please note that while this is a rockabilly convention we all dressed up to the nines for a "classy" dinner experience at the Golden Steer. When we arrived we asked to have separate checks because as with many high end steakhouses, the items are served ala carte. Thus, it makes figuring the bill at the end a nightmare with this many people. The excuse was the computer system can't handle it..and apparently writing it down on paper is too hard as well for the 200 dollar tip. Our group was not loud nor over demanding yet had a lot of trouble getting service in general as others have mentioned in reviews recently. As expected, the chaos begins when it comes check time. We get handed one copy of the check and are basically told "you need to figure it out". After lots of asking we finally got multiple copies to try and make sense of the confusing bill. This whole process takes us 40 minutes of struggling with the staff to clarify the bill as if it just too much trouble for them despite the place being less than half full. We ended up missing a show in Vegas we wanted to attend dealing with this fiasco.As we start paying, the real fun begins. We are told by one of the servers in a very condescending and rude tone "well, maybe they do that at Denny's but we dont do it here" in regards to the poor service with the check. It seemed to be a personal shot based on being from the convention. Also, when asked why we are not being taken care of as is a servers job.. He replies "is it my job?" as if he would be doing as little as possible for the 20 percent tip. The older waiter over hearing the conversation was clearly embarrassed by his colleagues remarks.Sorry but there are too many other great steak houses in Vegas to deal with lazy and insulting staff. Perhaps he should not have been so judgmental. I work for a Fortune 100 company and like to take clients to dinner. I make a good living and I am highly educated, I dont eat at Denny's thanks.  I don't need this garbage. Guess who isn't taking any clients here anymore?P.S. Denny's probably has a spot on their overnight staff for your rude server. He obviously can't handle this gig.
1	I can probably best sum my opinion of this place up by saying that I could see this restaurant on Restaurant Impossible.  I won't dwell on the service, about which many have commented (which I could actually deal with if the food were good).  I'll start with the fact that none of the wine glasses set up at our table looked clean (all had some white-ish film and mine had a little extra something on it).  That's not acceptable at the prices they charge.  The real problem is the food.  We ordered chopped green salads that were something that looked like a 7-year old could make.  The toasted ravioli may daughters ordered looked and tasted like something you can try in the aisles of Costco on Saturday morning.  The quality of our steaks wasn't bad, but they weren't very juicy.  Of the 4 steaks we ordered, only one was cooked to the medium-rare that we asked for.  The others were medium to medium-well.  I ordered steak fries that were actually seasoned well, but were undercooked and looked like slightly higher quality than something you'd find in an elementary school lunch.  We ordered bananas foster (table-side service) for dessert.  it was kind of a fun process watching it flame up.  Taste-wise, it was just a sugar-bomb with only half a banana in it.  I'll sum up with 3 notes.1.  I went here on the recommendation of my best friend, who is a certified foodie.  However, my wife reminded me after our beyond-disappointing-for-the-price meal that my friend is Hindu and generally doesn't eat beef (so maybe he doesn't know it when beef isn't great?).2.  My wife said the best dish was the broccoli (which was a single steamed, unseasoned crown).  To be fair, my wife really liked her apple-tini.3.  My daughters' comment after dinner:  "The water was nice and cold."If people like the historical significance of this place, maybe it should be converted into a museum.
3	Service sucks. Waiter clearly on something. Food was ok but don't order very tough new York strip. Filet ok. Wouldn't come back? Bartender grumpy
2	I was very excited to check this place out, it had been written up as one of the classic/oldest steak houses in Vegas so my co-workers and I went in with great expectations. When we arrived the dinning room was almost completely empty, the hostess was very sweet and set us up in a nice booth. This is where things started falling apart, it comes down to just crappy service. The waiters, dressed in tuxes gathered in a group outside the kitchen and showed little to no interest in providing any level of service. When a waiter did show up to take my coworkers drink order my coworker  asked if they had any IPA's to which the waiter said  that they had Heineken my coworker pointed out that this was not an IPA which the waiter then disputed. I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself. I can't say enough about how bad the service was I'm pretty easy going but I was pissed my the time we were done eating. The food was good which is why I'm giving them 2 stars otherwise it would be one star. When we were leaving  we told the hostess of our dissatisfaction and she took down our emails and assured us that we'd be taken care of and would receive some sort of compensation, over a week later this hasn't happened.
4	Originally went to this place on the recommendation of a cab driver and have returned a half dozen or so times since. The ambiance is fantastic. The food has been great every time. The complaint remains the same as with all other reviews...the wait staff is sub par at best. They are disorganized and frankly quite rude. If you are capable of over looking such a thing it is a great place to have a fun older style dinner. I will continue to return on every trip to Vegas.
3	This is not the same restaurant of past years.  Been eating at the Golden Steer since the early 1970's and the service and food was outstanding.  Going down hill since the 2000's.  Will not eat there any more.  Not worth the value.  Staff was very friendly and they decor has not changed.  I ordered a NY Strip steak and they butterflied it and took all the flavor out it.  We used to brag about his place to all we know who were traveling to Las Vegas, no more.
4	Definitely an old school steak house and I say that in a good way!  I haven't been here since the 80s when we came here as tourists.  A friend and I went here to enjoy a tasty steak, and that's just what we did.  Since we were there early, we had run of the place.  We took photos of the different booths where Sinatra, Elvis, Sammy Davis, Jr. and Dean Martin dined.  The hostess showed us a side room where she said Tony Spilotro would dine and she had a story about a counter where their guns were placed before they sat down.  When she said that he was there only a month before his body was found in the desert (after he was murdered, he was buried in a field in Indiana), it cast a little doubt on the authenticity of her story.  Enough of that, on to the meal.We both ordered the 12 ounce filet that their menu refers to as "the Aristocrat of Tenderness).  I ordered a chopped green salad with Roquefort dressing.  I got the jumbo baked potato that the menu bills as "Vegas' biggest."  Finally, we each had some chocolate cake for dessert.The bread basket was simply some sliced Italian bread--nothing special.  The steaks were wonderful.  Mine was very tender.  I ordered it back and blue and that's almost the way I got it.  It was done a bit more than I prefer.  My friend ordered his well done--he's a Brit--go figure, but he enjoyed his steak, too!I only got butter with the baked potato and it was swimming in butter.  It was excellent!  My friend got fries which he described as chips as good as you can get in the States and as good as what he gets at home.We both ordered the chocolate cake.  This was a bit of a disappointment.  It was a bit dry and a bit small.  There was no dollop of whipped cream to dress it up.  Service was great.  Our server has been with the Golden Steer for years, and he was on top of everything.  Very nice dining experience in a classic Las Vegas steakhouse that has been around for years and years.
4	We had the earliest reservation on Saturday, 4:30, since we had theatre tickets for the Smith Center.  We arrived about 4:15 and the place wasn't open.  The bartender walked up a couple of minutes later and allowed us in to sit while we waited for them to set up.  6 of us sat in Elvis' old booth.  The decor was as described, very classic.  Service was great, we never went wanting for water or drinks.  On to the food:The best appetizers we had were the crabcakes and caesar salad.  The shrimp cocktail was also very good, but the sauce could use more horseradish for my wife and I's tastes.  The lobster bisque was a miss.  Tasted like they did not complete the roux.  Very floury and no flavor.  We sent it back.  It was odd, but dish was a complete fail, but the rest of the meal was very good.  My ribeye was cooked to a perfect medium rare.  They ladle on au jus which really accentuated the beef flavor.  It was excellent.  My wife had the filet and lobster tail, which was HUGE.  The table all enjoyed the lobster, which was grilled.  The end was a little tough, but the middle was great.  The filet was fine, a serviceable filet that was cooked properly to rare.  The sides were average, with the creamed corn and onion rings standing out.  We will return.  I am told the prime rib is excellent.  Given our steaks, I am sure this is correct.The wine list was short, but VERY reasonable considering GS's location and it's reputation as the "old Vegas" place everyone needs to try.  I was surprised wine wasn't more.
5	Step in to the Golden Steer and out of 2012.  Welcome to the age of the Rat Pack, where people drank martinis, dressed up for dinner and ordered chateaubriand for two with table-side caesar salad. Leather banquettes, a staff that are pros at this and atmosphere that just won't quit.There were 6 of us.  We walked in, had a cocktail, and were seated.  The hostess (who was great!  I wanted her to join us!) gave us the history of the restaurant and tales of Sammy Davis Jr.  She knows the history of Vegas well!We ordered an assortment of steaks (rib eye, new york, filet mignon) and prime rib (the diamond jim cut - HUGE!), caesar salad, creamed spinach, asparagus and potatoes.  We left FULL.  Note that the meat is cooked tru to temperature - if you say medium but are hoping for medium well... well, order medium well.We never felt rushed.  We had a 5-Star experience all the way.I can't wait to come back!
5	This restaurant will shock you when you walk inside as it doesn't look like much from the outside. The food is mostly steaks and Italian served in an old Vegas style atmosphere that you will never forget. Amazing dining experience!
4	Old school Vegas! The martinis flow, the Sinatra music plays... it is like a time warp. The food was good--not the best I have ever had, but good. Service was fast and efficient. Go for the atmosphere--there are not many places like this left in Vegas or anywhere.
4	Our experience was so great here!  On vacation and tired of the strip, we were so excited to have a delicious meal with excellent service and (as everyone keeps saying) an old school ambiance.  We had a groupon, which made it even better, but I have to say I will make this a must-do for every visit to Vegas from now on.    It is pricey, but you get what you pay for.
5	Awesome old school dining. Great steaks and atmosphere.
1	We went June 22, 2012 for our friends that are getting married.  They talked very highly of this place.  Well I think highly NOT of this place.  We paid for extra items that we didn't ask for, we never got our food till all other 12 people were done with their food.  All we did was order the chicken parmigiana.  Yes they didn't charge us for it but still.  The food was good once we got it.  We were left always asking for water and our waiter said he would be back but never did had to ask someone else for water after 5 minutes and then we got it right away.  I would not recommend this place!!
5	Bought a Groupon and was very satisfied. Will return with my family later this year when they come to visit. Thanks for the great food and service!
5	I returned to Las Vegas and the Golden Steer, this time for a bachelor party.  We had a party of 12 which was booked through Open Table.  We had to make a few changes with the time and the number in our party and they were very accommodating.On arrival, they put us in a private room in the back, which was a nice surprise.  We were told that this was the room used by the "bosses" back in the day who had to come in and out through the back door.  We had a team of servers including the Robert DeNiro impersonator that hangs around.  We started out with the the seafood appetizer which was a mix of shrimp, oysters, crab, etc.  All of which was fresh and delicious.  This time, I went with the New York Strip which was cooked to perfection, as expected.  Out of all 12 in our group, there was not a single complaint and compliments all around.The price tag is steep, but worth it.  Everything was great down to the food and the service.  A must do in Vegas if you are a meat connoisseur
1	Wow, was very disappointed.  I ordered a strip steak, $48.00 and a side of broccoli $8.00.  NOt that I mind the prices. But I do mind when the service is terrible and the food does not come out the way I order it.  I had ordered my steak "well", the server suggested that I get it butterflied.   I agreed.  Then I had asked to have my broccoli triple steamed, I said I want it muchy!  Any way the steak came out still bleeding and not butterflied, and the broccoli, well was still crunchy!  Not complaining I just didnt eat much of my steak, and still there was no questions asked of me.Anyway I don't recommend this place!
1	Not too happy with this place.  We went in to celebrate Fathers Day.  Although the food was pretty good (No where near worth the $!) the service was hands down the worst ever.  First off, the staff seemed irritated to be there, including the Bartender and Server. When we first came in we approached the bar and asked if we could sit and have our meal there, the bartender rudely replied that we could but the service would be extremely slow, then walked away.  We sat there for about 15 minutes while she did dishes and prepared 3 drinks before she bothered giving us a menu.  We decided to wait for a table instead. It took 30 minutes before our server came over to take our order.  We watched other tables being sat and orders taken while we sat and watched our server chat it up with the rest of his section. FINALLY I ordered the $40 Filet and a 12$ ceasar salad (it wasn't good at all) that was to be "prepared table side".  Someone from the back just came and dropped it off at the table.  I asked later why everyone else that ordered it had it prepared in front of them and I didn't. He said only at tables that order 2 or more salads.  Even though I watched the woman at the table next to mine order 1 salad for her table and get it prepared table side. We were younger than most of the crowd in there, but definitely were there to spend money. Hands down the worst service I've ever had.
5	Best food ever! For about $100 (ok maybe a lil more) a person, you can get any cut of meat and a lobster the size of your head, plus a starter like soup or salad, and a side, like a twice baked potato! The service is beyond amazing! The staff is friendly and very attentive. After we stuffed ourselves silly we asked them to call us a cab. They said no. And then had their limo driver take us back to our hotel. They go above and beyond for their customers. Also, the decor and overall ambiance is very inviting. I felt like I was back in old Vegas waiting for The Rat Pack to come and grab a table.If you go to Vegas, this should be a main attraction!
4	Everytime I come back here I love it even more. The service is always top notch and the atmosphere is classic. The steaks are always tender and delicious. Would recommend to anyone coming in out of town. Definitely a once in a while treat.
3	I'm a sucker for a restaurant with a piano bar.  This one has lots of history too.  Love the escargot, caesar salad, steaks, cocktails, servers in black tuxes, red leather high-back booths.  You got the idea.
5	Went to Golden Steer for our anniversary.  After reading some poor reviews, I was pleasantly surprised at the wonderful, friendly and efficient service.  The atmosphere was really old time Vegas, the staff from the greeting till we left were terrific. The prices may be high for some guests, but absolutely worth every dime.  We had the Caesar Salad for 2.. it was to die for.. omg haven't had that great of a salad in many years. BTW they also knew I had a groupon and we were not treated any different than anyone else in the dining area.  Thank you Golden Steer we will be returning.
5	Oh sweet baby Jesus, I love this place. Retro decor, a waiter who does a Robert DeNiro impression, and amazing steaks. About mid way through my (rare) petite filet the other night-I turned to my husband and said, "I want to give this steak a baby" Because that's how good it is. There's always a point where I start to get sad that my steak will be gone shortly, so I try to slow down. But it's too hard at the Golden Steer! I don't want to slow down! Nomnomnom.Forget the stupid fancy places in the hotels on the strip, the Golden Steer is the real deal.Go. Now.
3	Returned again last Saturday.  The crabcakes were as they were the first time, as were the onion rings.  Consistent on both dishes.This time, instead of getting the ribeye, I had the prime rib.  I prefer the ribeye.  The prime rib was solid, but not as overwhelming as I was expecting given what I had heard.  It was not crowded at all for a Saturday, but seemed to pick up around 8 pm.  You need to get to GS, old Vegas places are few and far between unfortunately....
4	WOW!!Everyone should do a dinner here.The GF and I made a date night out of it.The service was fantastic, the wine selection robust and the stake we PERFECT!!If you are from out of town, don't let the neighborhood worry you.
1	From the moment I waked into this place I was made to feel like I did not belong. Even with a reservation, they made me feel as though I was not welcomed. Rude host staff and bartender who seemed to truly careless about anybody other than some fat cat sitting on the end of the bar. Oh, well, on to my seat, and this is where the fun begins. I should have trusted my gut instinct immediately upon entering the restaurant and gone someplace else, btu I was hoping the food would redeem the poor service.I was sooo wrong. The food here was not what I expected for the price. My steak was tough, filled with tendon and not cooked properly, Escargot was amazingly bland, and sides had a "pre-packaged" taste/quality I could not get past. On top of the "okay" food, the service was disgusting. I dined alone, and was not pinching pennies; I wanted to spoil myself. At the end of the meal my server asked me if I had a coupon! This was beyond outrageous and I can venture a guess at to why he targeted me as a possible "coupon carrying" person. I paid cash, no coupon, and vowed to never return to this place that clearly is use to, and wants to, cater only to the "Good Ol' Boys". They should really be ashamed.
5	Love, love, love this place.  It is as old school Vegas as it gets.  We go here every year on our yearly Vegas trip of debauchery and it never disappoints.Oh, and the waiter is a DeNiro impressionist.  That NEVER gets old...  This is a must visit.
1	Very disappointed about our experience after hearing/reading such rave reviews.Service was terrible.  We were a big group but had an early dinner and the restaurant was close to empty.  Took forever to get to us for drink orders, then didn't check back throughout the meal to see if we wanted more.  Don't restaurants make a mint on alcohol sales?  /shrugThe waiter was non-existent throughout the meal, we had to chase him down to get the check.  Three of the steaks were dried out pieces of leather.  One person in our party said it was the worst stake she ever had.  At $40+ a steak, it damn well be the best.  We had a side of broccoli - it was practically raw.  Overall this was a very disappointing meal - certainly not worth the price.  There are many other steak houses in Vegas that do it much better.
5	Absolute favorite place to eat in Las Vegas.  Been coming here for years and refreshing to see the same staff here time and time again.  Always excellent service and the prime rib is wonderful.  I always get the creamy ranch house salad, mushrooms, asparagus, garlic bread, and a prime rib as big as my head.  Never disappointed.
3	I wish I could give it a bit higher of a rating.....My food was hands down FIVE stars but the service was just meh...We started with the table side Caesar Salad...by the way EVERYONE should make a tableside Caesar! But the person making it had NO personality....my husband even tried to joke around with him and he wouldn't crack a smile....tableside is about a show and we got no show....we barely got a hello.Our steaks were AMAZING I had a petite filet and it was cooked perfectly as our side were great too! Dessert...of course we had the tableside bananas foster...again...same dry tableside waiter....and the desert was just ok...wasn't the best bananas foster I had (I suggest stop using banana liqueur as you don't need a fake banana flavor and Bacardi 151 and use a brandy.....as it doesn't burn as fast and lets the bananas caramelize more without burning...and yes we make this dessert in our house frequently)I'd like to go back and have a different waiter...maybe I can upgrade to a 5 star review...as the food was certainly deserving of it.
5	We love this place.  We go whenever we are in Vegas.  Went with a group this time, 5 in all and it's really fun.  It's old style Vegas and they do it really well...  aside from the video poker in the bar, but that's pretty standard in vegas... it does contrast sharply with the decor and ambiance...  The only thing I wouldn't order again is the lobster bisque, which I normally love.  It wasn't bad, it just wasn't spectacular.  We had the ceasar, which was a little over dressed, but made table side which is worth it.  And it tastes great, garlicy.  The bone in rib eye we shared but it was cooked perfectly.  Our table mates had the onion soup, which was great and not salty which is a problem with that soup often.  The roasted mushrooms which were a little weird but good, double baked potatoes and the filet.  We loved and will go back again.  So will they, I'm sure!!Oh, and our service was perfect.  The waiter talked to us but wasn't annoying and they are on top of everything.  Loved it!
2	While the steak and table side Cesar Salad was perfection, NOTHING else at this restaurant was even close to acceptable.  From the moment we arrived, until we left, our service was simply HORRIBLE. First, at the hostess stand the hostess stood glaring at her computer screen as we stood waiting to be acknowledged. Never did acknowledge us, so we turned around and went to the bar. 2 cocktails (a beer and a wine) 17 bucks, gave the older man bartender a 20 and he NEVER CAME BACK WITH OUR CHANGE! The assumption that, that was his tip was rude and in very bad service and bad form. Of course he was going to get that as his tip, but to assume. BAD!  VERY BAD. Its stealing! And if he "forgot" even worse, he shouldn't be working at such a restaurant as the Golden Steer.  So we went back to the stand and the "harried" hostess was able to accommodate our reservation, clueless as to our earlier "encounter".  The food service was slow, wreck-less (no refills of anything: water, bread, butter, coffee, or up-sell cocktails!), and the removal of dirty plates never happened. We stacked our plates to get them out of our way after sitting empty in front of us for 15 minutes. The Prime aged 20 oz. T Bone was very good, as was the Cesar Salad. AS FOR the desert - forget it!! I wanted REAL NY cheesecake: I got Sara Lee...Im almost positive; NOT restaurant QUALITY in the least.  Coffee arrived bitter, luke warm, and no refills were offered. In closing, Id skip Golden Steer. There are wayyyyy too many fine steak house in Vegas to be bothered with this dinosaur.
3	I'm a bit torn writing this review. Our meal was A-OK, but there are at least a dozen other steakhouses I enjoy quite a bit more. That said, this place is a classic. When you step through the doors you are whisked back in time. Hanging on to the past isn't a bad thing. We started with warm bread and followed with a table side Caesar for three. It was pretty average, I don't recommend it. Moving on to the steaks, I had the filet which was nicely prepared. A porterhouse and the bone in ribeye were also had along with the largest baked potato I have ever seen. Total damage was $214 before tip. Ouch... back to present day.
1	I'd been there before with a large group (April 2009), and it was great. Some of the same group were there for this Sunday April 8th 2012 dinner. We were a large group, and the restaurant claimed it was "no problem". I'm sure we were all aware that we were going to be hit with an automatic 'large group' gratuity fee, and we were totally willing and able to pay it. While ordering, I inquired of our server (T#m) if it was possible to get "separate bills". He said that it would "all be divided at the end". OK. So we order. Some people's meals were much more expensive than others. The food was stellar. End of the meal, and the bill comes. One big bill. For everybody. When T#m was asked why our bills were not separated we were told: "We don't do that here". Which is BS, as I'd had it done before. We proceeded to spend about ONE HOUR trying to figure out who was supposed to pay for what. It COMPLETELY KILLED the good meal we had just consumed. In retrospect I believe he was just worried that we were trying to snake our way out of paying the automatic 'large group' gratuity. I normally over-tip as it is, but on this occasion I think I was sure to pay not a penny over what was required - purely out of spite. Oh yeah, he also uttered this gem: "This isn't Denny's". Huh, well Denny's has it all over the Golden Steer, as they automatically separate your bills! I don't think the Maitre D' was too impressed with T#m either, as he was openly mocking him whilst serving the appetizers.  It was doubly embarrassing for me personally as I had a couple of first-timers with me along for the experience. They were APPALLED at what occurred. Not a good experience, and a pricey one too! I'd consider going again if I knew that T#m didn't work there anymore.
5	We went here for my mothers birthday and it was a great experience. The staff were very personable and friendly. I ordered the larger filet (12oz I believe) and it was delicious. I can't say it was the best I ever had, but it's definitely up there and better than I expected. The temperature of the meat was perfect. I also shared the twice baked potato with someone and it was delicious as well. If you're looking for a nice steak dinner, this is your place.
4	This is a great old school steak house in Las Vegas. I loved it...
2	Well, I wanted to like this place.  I was here recently with a bunch of coworkers, one who has been here many times in the past and was raving and even he said that this time, it was just "meh".I ordered the Rib Eye, rare...it was medium/well when I got it, dry and cost $50!  Crazy!  I also tasted the asparagus side (just ok), the large baked potato (just ok) some potato/onion side (greasy), the fries (cold) and I had a tomato salad (didnt care for that at all).  What I'm saying here is, the food was WAY below par and the prices were outrageous!!  I'm only glad I didnt pay for anything.  If I had, I would have complained and sent the food back.  The food quality was a joke.  The service was fine and the atmosphere was fine as well however at the end of the day I only care about the food and it was not that great, end of story.  Would not go back.
4	Old School Vegas Steakhouse.AMBIENCE:  3 stars.  The bar needs to be fixed up--it is the first place you see when you walk in and it looks aged (and not in the good way),  Once you get into the steak house proper, then it is classic Rat Pack vinyl booths, with memoribilia and photos from famous people who used to frequent the steak house.  We sat at the Mario Andretti booth!SERVICE:  4.5 stars.  We were met by a super nice hostess and seated immediately (we did have a reservation--which I highly recommend).  The server and his support staff were very good and attentive--and certainly knew the menu in and out.  DRINKS:  3 stars.  A steak house should have perfect cocktails--ie martinis, cosmos, etc--ours were served promptly but the Golden Steer seems to use fairly pedestrian liquor in their well.FOOD:  4.5 stars.  We started with the best Caesar Salad we had ever had--made table side by a very skilled server.  We had the Ribeye, which was good sized, cooked perfectly, and very flavorful.  We also had the Lobster Tail--which was prepared perfectly as well.  Our sides were the Twice-Baked potatoes--which were amazing and I highly recommend them--and the Creamed Spinach--which was quite good as well.  The desert was the best part--Bananas Foster made table side--the bananas were lightly coated with the carmelized alcohol, and they were amazing!  Unfortunately the ice cream it was served atop of had ice crystals which kind of took away from the overall effect.VALUE:  This place is not inexpensive--but it is nowhere near where some of the super fancy places on or just off of the strip.  OVERALL:  4 stars.  I think the service and food are quite good--but the bar is an issue that should be fixed.
4	I have been here a few times... Work team dinners, and most recently, I took my husband here after our wedding in Vegas! (We live in Henderson). Con:When I took my husband there the last time, I have to say that the food was  5 star experience. It was even better than usual. However, the server was rather pushy. We ordered a bottle of wine, 2 appetizers, 2 filet dinners with 2 sides.  Even the server himself (as they always do) reminded us of how "ridiculously large" the portion sizes are. Yet the server became visibly angry and downright pushy when I said NO to desert. That's not how you treat a local for their wedding dinner.  Especially after the AMOUNT that I had ordered. Pros:That lousy waiter aside, I love this place. The service is NORMALLY ok... a few bad apples here and there... The food, I feel, is delicious if you enjoy a good steak. The price is a bit high, but it's not everywhere in Vegas where you can experience "OLD Vegas."The baked potatoes are delicious - and GIANT. I also enjoy the french onion soup and the lobster bisque. Overall, I've never had a bad meal here - ever. I also enjoy the bar from time to time. The bartender is always great and the drinks are not bad.
3	Ok I will start by saying I am a local who has eaten here at minimum 30 times in my life. This was my birthday, pre-going out, bar mitzvah, etc destination and still is. I say this because even if I have an awful experience and I have a few times I will keep coming back since its just part of my life. Pros- large portions of well prepared steak/chicken /fish its not among the best in town but on par with most higher end steakhouses I have been to in random towns thru out the US. Table side banana foster, this was once a staple of a nice Las Vegas dinner on the strip but due to fire laws has been banned for years. Golden Steer was grandfathered in and still prepares table side with large flame and all. Of all the faux "old school" "rat pack" (or whatever other lame term people use) stuff in this and other restaurants around town this is one thing that truly IS classy and old school and tastes great as well. Piano player- its always nice to have live piano in the backgroundPrices- while high you have to grade on a curve on or near the strip. If you have a big party of non club types who just want to enjoy some meat this will be more friendly to your wallet.Cons- Service can be rude. Most of these guys have been hear for a very very long time and can tend to take their jobs for granted. The bartender can be a flat out dick at times, hes the same guy for at least 15 yrs now but other times hes terrific. That pretty much applies across the board. That's not acceptable at a restaurant that charges on avg over 50.00 per head. If its slow expect some attitude. Location, I'm not bothered by it but I can see a person taking a date here the folks not being very comfortable. You got traffic on Sahara whizzing by about 20 feet away, a rough element in the surrounding shopping center etc. Desserts- for a nice steakhouse the desserts are very Dennys for my taste, hire a pastry chef please
2	I was invited to the Golden steer while in Vegas on business by a local who is friends with my boss. The build up was incredible, the food was a little meh. The decor is very old school vegas. You can almost feel the energy that previously occupied this space. You can picture this place on a busy Friday in the late 50's or early 60's. We were seated in a large room in the back of the restaurant that we were told was used a meeting room by mob members visiting vegas and some of the members of the rat pack. Pretty cool.We ordered our food and were all surprised with amount of food that came out. The portions are HUGE. I ordered a filet that while huge was a little bland. The twice baked potatoes were good but tasted like they'd been frozen at some point. The desert was okay but also had a frozen taste.if I was judging this restaurant on the food it would have been a 3 star review but the service was pretty awful. Just slow, unconcerned and borderline rude. Not saying I would never try this place again but for the money there is so many options that would blow this place out of the water.
5	At Golden Steer I finally found a ribeye steak better than I can make at home.  If you are a steak lover and in Vegas make the effort to find this place.  Everything about this ribeye was right - the quality of the meat, the proper melted marbling, the correct seasoning and the temperature.  Just fantastic!  If you order a potato be sure to have someone along to share it - it's huge!  If you looking for the best steak rather than the coolest atmosphere this place should be your destination.
5	The highlight of my trip to Vegas! Both times. I don't understand all these comments about how bad the service was. The first time we came here we were mislead by a guidebook saying this place was tacky and not great but was frequented by the likes of Elvis, John Wayne, Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Sammy Davis Jr and on and on. We pictured a diner that served diner type flat top fried steaks. When we walked in with t-shirts and jeans only to be greeted by a man in a tuxedo we knew we couldn't have been more wrong. They treated us great, so great we didn't even care the bill was over $200 for just the 2 of us. This was like stepping back into classy pre-strip Vegas, maybe that's why people aren't impressed.......
5	My wife, Sandy, and I have lived in Las Vegas since 1998. We had promised ourselves to eat at the Golden Steer some day. Well, that day finally came and it was well worth the wait. I ordered an end cut prime rib and she had a top sirloin. Both were perfect. We each ordered a chopped salad, fresh and delicious. The whipped potatoes were to die for. Our greeter Stephanie filled us in on the history of the place, a hang out for the Rat Park, Joe D. Marilyn Monroe, Clint Eastwood et al. If only the walls could talk. We will be back, on our next special occasion.
4	Oh Golden Steer, I totally have a crush on you!The Golden Steer is such a throwback to Old School Vegas.  When you walk through the front door, you are transported back to the 1950s.  Back in the 50s and 60s, this was THE place to go for a great steak dinner.  When you are eating, you keep looking over your shoulder to see if Frank Sinatra or Sammy Davis Jr. had just walked in.  It is just way too cool in my book.So back in the old days of Vegas, all of the Vegas Elite came here and had their own table.  If you were anyone, you had a table with your name on it saving your seat.  This is one of the cool leftovers from that era still in the restaurant.  You can request to sit at Elvis', Marilyn Monroe, Dean Martin (my favorite Rat Packer, oh Dean-o I love you!), and numerous other celebrity tables.  My mom is the biggest Elvis fan in the world, so when I took her here for her birthday last year and got the Elvis table, she almost cried.  It is fun to have something fun in common with a superstar from yesteryear, in if it is just sitting at the same table at a great restaurant.On top of the coolness factor, the steaks speak for themselves too.  I mean when the smallest steak on the menu is 12oz, you know you are in for a feast!  Last time I was here, i ordered the Prime Rib and it came out on its own plate because there was no room for anything else on the plate.  The Prime Rib was even hanging over the side in more than one place.  I only made a small dent in it and ended up taking it home and it turned into 2 more meals at home.  Now that is some serious MEAT.  Yum and drool all at the same time.Another awesome aspect of this restaurant is the table side service for the desserts.  This is one of the only places left in the world that does flaming Cherries Jubilee and Bananas Fosters at your table, flames and all.  It is such a fun time watching your server make your dessert right there for you.  And seriously, how doesn't like desserts on fire right in front of you?My absolute favorite part of this place is if you can go on a slow night when the owner is on property.  The owner is this very nice lady who will make friends with you as soon as she meets you.  I have been several times and she will always come by and just sit down with us at the table.  She will tell you all sorts of stories about interesting things that has happened at the place.  There are even some ghost stories about the place.  And yes, weird stuff still happens there.  BOO!  Now that is a fun dinner to have, steaks and ghosts!So if you want to experience Old Vegas, eat a huge steak, have a flaming dessert, and maybe get spooked by a spook, this is your joint.  Go check it out and support a local legend.
5	Old style Vegas restaurant....reminded me of "NJ mob restaurant" I am originally from there (NJ). Caesar Salad made at table and booths of Old Vegas. We had a few associates from work and wanted to experience non corporate steakhouse....this was great. they need to update outside decor. Graffiti on Gold Steer sign but,...don't let that deter you. Entrees $15-55  - 12 oz filet is $45 but work EVERY PENNY. cocktails were great and we sat at at Mario Andretti booth near to the Winchester Gun display. Impress clients and also great for couples to see Old Vegas style...we had a great time. Saloon long bar..felt so cool in there.
1	I wish I had a 'to be fair' line I could throw in here, but it's impossible. My wife and I ate at the Golden Steer on 5/16/13 (Her review is before the Golden Steer plant's review below mine.), and the food was simply horrible. For starters, we sat at the Marilyn Monroe table. Yes, the place has been open for a while, but they do stress the old star-power a bit much, making one wonder of the quality of the food. You'll see why I say this: When the bread and butter was brought out, we were eating it and noticed a really strange flavor. I tasted the butter on its own, and it tasted as if it had sat in the fridge for a very - very long time before being brought to our table. Sure we wanted to sit in Marilyn's booth, but we did not want to eat the same butter that was served to her!!! Right then and there I wanted to get out as fast as possible. Nevertheless, we decided to overlook this, notify the waiter, and give them another chance. He didn't bring out any more bread and butter, hence the bad butter must've been all they had. NOTE: Steak is often cooked with butter....The ceasar salad came out and it was prepared at the table. We passed on the raw egg, which I feel is a wise move after reading previous reviews alleging salmonella. Barring that, the salad was edible. I ordered the ribeye medium rare, and my wife ordered the porterhouse steak. Mine actually was tasty, though bloody and borderline raw. My wife's porterhouse, on the other hand, was a different story. She told me her steak tasted a bit off, similar to liver. I took a taste. To me it tasted like pee! I spit the bite into my napkin.   The waiter attempted damage control by bringing her a slab of prime rib. She didn't like it. I tasted it, and it was bland, unsalted, and I have had better at $15 buffets - time and time again. I really wish I didn't have to write such a scathing review, but this place is priced like an exclusive fine-dining establishment, yet prepares food like as if to act in direct defiance of the health dept. We will not be returning.
5	outstanding!! amazing!!! delicious!! the staff is the best we've ever experienced!! thank you thank you thank you
1	We usually take my dad to Del Frisco's when he's in town, and he loves that place. However, this time, we decided to also try the Golden Steer. I'd been there before and like the ambiance (even though it's a bit worn), but I don't like being cheated, so I won't be back. Read on if interested.We arrived early and had a drink at the bar. I ordered a very standard Cosmo, which the very grouchy bartender, who barely acknowledged us, is apparently unable to make. I asked him what he had put in it that made it so sweet, and he responded that he'd put in... pineapple juice! It was quite yucky and it was obvious that I was not happy, yet he made no attempt to make me happy. My dad doesn't like the fuss, so we paid for the drinks and took them into the dining room when the table was ready.The nice waiter asked me if everything was ok with my drink, and I said I hated it. He was fantastic and immediately offered to give me a real Cosmo (for free, of course). He went and fetched it from the bar and I was definitely pleased with that. The food was decent, but not outstanding. However, when the  bill came, I saw that I was charged for a Cosmo -- what a job! I'd paid for the first one at the bar and the second one was supposed to be comped. Turns out the hostess and the waiter thought I'd ordered the first one from the waiter and thus charged me for it. How is that possible? They saw me walk into the dining room with the drink and he was the one who asked me if I had enjoyed it, and since he hadn't taken the order, it was clear that the drink must have come from the bar. I was quite flabbergasted by this and told the waiter to take the drink off the bill. He said it would take 15 minutes to do this, as they were so busy. What? THat's insane. As an alternative, he offered another drink instead. I didn't want another drink. as I had to drive, but they made it very clear to me that it was terribly inconvenient for them to remove this drink -- which was their mistake in the first place. The whole experience left a bad taste in my mouth and I will most certainly not recommend this place to tourist friends. I don't want them to get bad drinks and then get cheated!
5	I have been to the Golden Steer now 3 times and I would return.  The service is impecable but a little slow, but I don't mind that when i am spending a decent amount for dinner.   The last time I went was with a girlfriend, who loves to flirt and we got free bananas foster!  The food is some of the best food that I have had in Vegas.  I have had the escargot here and it is pretty tasty.  We always order the table side caesar and it is fantastic because the dressing is made from scratch right in front of you.  I don't usually order caesar salad because more times than not it is from a bottle and tastes terrible.  The steaks are very tender and flavorful and the sides are big enough to share.  The bananas foster is excellent and is also served tableside.  They add a little orange zest to the sauce, which I have never seen before, but it adds a nice little zing to the dish.  We love taking out of towners here for dinner mainly because it is fun to reserve the rat pack booths, but next time I will request Elvis's booth (just found out that he used to eat there).  Love the old timey vegas ambiance!
4	Very old steakhouse in Vegas. The outside of the place looks weird and unsafe, but the steaks really are killer here. Some of the best I have had. The servers are all cool and can tell you stories about the history of the place. It's been a famous Vegas steakhouse forever, and was frequented by Elvis, Ratpack , and OJ Simpson. Pretty expensive, but worth the experience.
1	Worst service we have ever received in any restaurant. We ask the waiter if we could share the baked potato- He picked it up with his bare hand and then cut it into. Vert pushy waiter always rushing us to order and then trying yo pick up our plates before we were finished with our meal. A "no choice" 18% gratuity. Very uncomomfortable dining experience. The steak was very good but the salad & baked potato where very weak.
5	This was our first time - we loved it!The food was delicious. The service and overall attention was perfect.Don't pay too much attention to the seedy parking lot...
3	Had a delicious steak and salad here while I was in town.   I was very happy with my meal there but what keeps this at a three stars is that there were several waiters that assisted us during our dining experience but the the main one treated us horribly.   He treated us like we were inexperienced diners at steakhouses due to a couple questions.   I honestly felt such a genuine air of elitism it was very uncomfortable.   Everyone else was very nice though and the only thing that made up for it was the delicious steak.
4	Full disclosure: I don't eat red meat. That being said this place was still delightful. I had an incredible table side Caesar salad and twice baked potato. Service was decent. I was told the steak was delicious. I loved the vibe too. Ill be back!
4	Totally Old Vegas atmosphere, love it! The food was excellent. My husband ordered a filet and lobster tail and lets just say the portions were more than enough to make him happy. I ordered toasted ravioli, so amazing! We also had the table side Caesar salad. It was by far the best Caesar I've had. Everything was delicious and we really enjoyed the restaurant
2	Atmosphere was great, food was good but service was BAD. It was pretty expensive, about $100 a person and I don't mind paying for a nice meal as long as you get treated properly. There are so many great steakhouses in Vegas and being a local and industry person I've been all over and I won't be going back to Golden Steer just because the service was so poor. Everyone acted like they were at a funeral, no one smiled or made eye contact, the servers seemed like they didn't want to be bothered and it was a very unwelcoming vibe. A good expensive meal needs to be accompanied by good service but Golden Steer staff was rude and snobby.  It was such a disappointment because we were really looking forward to eating there and having a great experience. We won't be back and I hope the staff can cheer up and learn some guest service techniques 101 so they don't ruin the business.
5	Our experience could not have been better!  From the moment we walked in we were treated like royalty.  We were immediately shown to a table and ordered drinks.  From there, we had appetizers, more drinks, and our entrees.  After ordering beer and blood marys, we had oysters rockefeller, clams casino, veal marsala, twice baked potatoes, lyonnaise potatoes, toasted raviolis (which were a bonus as we didn't order them), and creamed corn.  I swear I could have stayed for 2 days!  I mentioned that I had a Groupon and not an eyelash was batted.  They retrieved it from my phone and we moved on without missing a beat.  Every single staff member was impeccably dressed, courteous, and accommodating.  I really did feel like I was "Rat Pack" worthy, all the way down the music being played.  We finished dinner and still managed to have enough leftovers to fill a bag. (We don't eat a lot but like to try a lot of different things.)  After paying the check and leaving the restaurant, we were called back by a staff member.  It seems Groupon automatically adds the gratuity and I had added another on top.  I find it refreshing and ethical that they would hurry out to find us to let me alter the total.  We have definitely added a new "regular" place to vist on every trip. I can't believe I didn't know about them before, but believe you me, I'll never forget them!!  Next time I'm asking for Sheckie Greene's table so my butt can sit in the same grooves as his!
5	Wow!   A step back in time!   If you liked old Las Vegas then have dinner here.  We celebrated my daughters Birthday with friends and loved it.  The service was exceptional, the food was prepared and presented beautifully and the drinks were made properly.   We had Escargot, perfectly prepared. Jumbo and I mean jumbo shrimp cocktail and seafood stuffed mushrooms to start.  All perfectly prepared.  Caesar's salad was crisp and well presented. All the steaks were cooked to perfection and extremely tender with aged flavor.  The side dished were tasty and all the food was at the proper temperature.  Almost ate too much bread it was so good.  This was our 3th time here and will return. Always consistent with service and food. As you drive up its a little questionable with parking but don't lit that scare you away. Step back in time and enjoy this place!
2	Really, there's a star here for service and a star here for ambience. If we weren't grading on a curve, it'd be 0 stars.I took my boyfriend for his b-day ... we went to vegas to celebrate for the whole weekend, and his one request was a great prime rib dinner. We Yelped and Googled, settled on Golder Steer or Lawry's, asked around and decide on the Golden Steer.Food was *terrible*. Granted, we got there at the end of the night, but when you're dropping $200 at minimum on dinner and wine, the 9:00 seating should still get some pretty badass food. Seafood stuffed mushrooms were squishy, bland and sub-par to even crappy Red Lobster stuffed mushrooms. Tableside Caesar was a joke. Had a really nice bottle of pinot noir, so even with teh bad food, we pressed on to dinner. My filet was overdone, underseasoned and grainy. His prime rib was repellant. You know that reason a lot of folks think prime rib is gross? His was it: raw, full of uncooked, glisteny fat and sitting in a pool of bloody 'au jus'. I couldn't even look at it. So, so disappointed. Will never be back.
5	I'm as tough of a critic as they come & have experenice with steaks all over the world. The outside may surprise you but...Go, dine, enjoy old school Vegas at its very best! Superior service, super steaks, divine caeser! Will visit every trip to Vegas! I truly have to question people's low reviews?  Our experience was truly awesome!!
1	I don't recommend this place. Food was medium at best, the service was terrible. And the price was $155.00....you do the math.
2	It was my husbands 30th birthday! His father was in town with his girlfriend   ... And wanted to take us out to dinner... We were having a hard time coming up with somewhere to eat...and I suggested the Golden Steer..have never been, but a landmark in Vegas I had always wanted to try... I am a upscale hairstylist and take many clients out and suggest many places to clients... Who are also educated and well to do.... We had reservations for 4 people at 7:45...    We walked in and over to his father and girlfriend sitting at the bar... they looked a bit frustrated...said they had been sitting there for 10+ mins and had not been offered a drink.. Said that "It  seemed as if bartender couldnt have been bothered"... Tried asking the bartender myself for a service when he had a moment... Didn't really aknowlage me and we stood there another 5 mins... I guess that should have been our sign... Decided to just go to dinner and order wine at the table... Stood at the front podium where I noticed an older lady who was our hostess? No greeting .. Just 4? And turns....we follow hoping that we should be .... Sit at the table and young man offers us water.., yes please and can we order some wine?             Then our waiter appears...      Fabian, I'm told later, he states  "So we are in dire need of drinks!??" with a condescending undertone, but doesn't even have the wine menu with him!.. Walks back and practically drops it in my husbands lap.  Another 15 mins later ! Comes back and we eagerly order wine and an appetizer. Fabian "our waiter" doesnt ask if there is a special occasion? nor does he introduce himself..or anything of that nature a waiter should do...  we are now all picking up his rude attitude around the table.. My father in laws girlfriend leans into me and says ... Did we do something wrong to our waiter? I has just wondered that myself I replied... With a shrug..;(When the wine and appetizer comes its been another length of time... Fabian drops it off and my husband has to call to him, quickly as he is already 10 feet from our table  ... "Excuse me... But may we order please ??" Then he hastily takes our order in a way as if he is too busy to be doing so, doesn't write it down.. ...doesn't take our enormous menus from the table.My husband asks him to "Please be more diligent with us and  would you mind checking on us more often, we also need..........." ( I kid you not as he asking him this he is literally shaking his head yes while walking away before he can actually finish his sentence! A few more minutes later a NEW waiter comes, I guess Fabian just handed us off?, with our wine and is much nicer but pours my Cabernet into my father in laws Zinfandel glass with wine actually still in it (cab is red and zin is pink)  I'm sure everyone knows and hate to say it but its absolutely a fau pas to do that..... .. Wow ! That's never actually happened before ) gives me my husbands merlot and  2 down and 2 to go... Father in laws girlfriend gets her Chardonnay (yay!) and no Zinfandel for for him;(.   Ah yes okay 3 wrong 1 right... Hahaha its almost comical how bad this is goingThe rest if the dinner is satisfactory.. ALL IN ALL... the food was very decent,  service sucked so  horribly bad that the overpriced (decent food ) was NOT worth it!! Will be telling my family friends and  clients not to go..
4	If you are looking for a great old steakhouse off the stop and out of the hotels this is the place. Don't let the outside scare you off. You'll get a good deal for about $75-100 you'll get prime quality beef and a few sides.  Try the caesar salad tossed table side. Awesome.
5	This place is truly amazing. Classy staff, excellent food and they play the best music!Definitely going to be one of my "regular" places when in Las Vegas from now on!
2	My husband and I have been coming here for almost 5 years - had our first date here and went this weekend to celebrate our first wedding anniversary.  How convenient there was a Groupon as well!  Well, as soon as our waiter learned we had a Groupon, he treated us like dirt.  Didn't take a drink order.  When we finally got to place one, he brought them after our salad had arrived.  Terrible service.  If you're struggling and need to partner with Groupon to get new customers, something is wrong to start with and you better make sure you do your best to get those customers back.  Food was good - but their prices are pretty steep for what you are getting.  I used to think highly of this place - old school charm, etc, but they are clearly going downhill.
2	Went here to try something slightly different than our favorite- Hugo's Cellar. Wish we wouldn't have:( Half the servers were a pleasure, the other half seemed very unhappy. Although the quality of the food was high, the taste left much to be desired. Service seemed very unorganized which is strange for such an established restaurant. The hostess seemed confused, multiple servers asked if anyone "had gotten your drinks" and "did anyone ask you if you'd like dessert". One server took the check with card in it even though "it was not his table". The facilities were dirty for the sake of not going into detail. Overall- for the money and drive- Hugo's got this place beat 10x over on quality, price, taste, cleanliness and service!
1	Spent our anniversary weekend in Vegas with another couple.  Husbands uncle is a local he says you gotta go to the Golden Steer forget about Gordon Ramseys place.  He says you get the same thing for $65 a person so we all gave it a try.  The atmosphere reminds me of an old time piano wine bar from the 70's/80's but a little run down in need of some updating.  Waiter was weird and had an attitude that kept growing throughout the night.  He told us how hed been there quite a long time but had left for a while and come back etc making a point I guess that most of them were there for 20+ years.  We got a bottle of wine and then ordered.  I had the filet which was nicely cooked and the twice cooked potato.  The potato was actually about the worst i have ever had because it was obvious that it had sat in the oven either all day or for hours.  It was completely burnt on the bottom but not in a good way.  You know how you can totally overdo a potato skin to complete crispy browness that its cracking apart but it still tastes good?  Ya well not like that this was BURNT.  Could not cut it with a fork burnt.  Had to use a steak knife to get through it sooo cuz our waiter was weird with attitude I wasnt going to say anything about my $10 potato.  The waiter came back at least 5 times aggressively asking if we wanted another bottle of wine.  It started to feel like it was a demand rather than a request which we all noticed.  At the end we all got dinner drinks/coffee and dessert.  The drinks came out right away and we had a nice conversation while we waited for dessert.  The restaurant only had 3 tables and I noticed 2 waiters and a couple bussers as well as the guy doing the salads and desserts so when we finished the drinks we asked where dessert was.  We were hoping to have it with the drinks but  its like 30 minutes or more later and the waiters response was really snotty that they only had one of those dessert trays and the guy was going to get to us.  We were there at 7 pm and the only people on dessert at the time.  We didnt understand the really negative reaction we were getting so we were doing our best to be respectful responding with yes sir etc.  Its almost as if he mistook our kindness for weakness which seems to be happening a whole lot these days when you go out.So I watched the dessert guy make our dessert and I noticed he was making cherries jubilee instead of the bananas foster we ordered so I said something about it in a very nice way LOL that doesnt seem to matter.  The response was almost like are you effing kidding me?  This bitch makes a mistake I gotta fix?  He didnt say that but his body language sure did.  The dessert guy went away the waiter comes back with more attitude and do you want another bottle of wine again.  He seemed pissed at us that the guy was making cherries and that we didnt want that as well.  They finally made it right and I tasted one bite and not good.  We make it better at home.  Everyone at table agreed we make it better so good thing I got the tiramisu because that was pretty good.This is the important part.  I would never have bothered writing any of this until this part happened!  The waiter brings the bill and most of the time my husband just takes care of it but this time I had a funny feeling about the waiter so I looked at it and thank the lord I did because that dude double charged us and charged us extra for stuff that already came with etc. For instance my husband ordered asparagus with Hollandaise sauce $11.  The waiter charged us for 2 of those $22 + Hollandaise sauce $5x 2 = $10 so his asparagus was $32.When we pointed out the errors to the waiter he seemed intensely aggravated.  He responded very quickly like he was expecting it.  I bet he was.  I bet they do that all night long.  He said oh when they put it in they must have made a mistake like someone else rang his order in and like it happens and he will have to go straighten "them" out.  Bill came back minus $150 but I am positive we still paid too much because that extra sauce crap didnt hit me til we got home that the asparagus already had Hollandaise on it and I just looked it up on the menu to be sure and yep sure enough.  Bottom line:  These people can cook a steak but so can the Keg and Firebirds etcDO NOT TRUST YOUR WAITER:  Go over your bill  -  They are looking for suckersFair restaurant prices on bottles of wineNONE of us would ever return
5	I was concerned when I read the negative reviews but decided to try it anyway. When I got there I was told they were full. However, the hostess smiled and said she would see what she could do. I was led to a small booth that was perfect (Clint Eastwood's booth). Service was superb; fast, friendly, and correct. The Caesars Salad was excellent. The filet and baked potato were perfectly cooked and so good. I had a cocktail and glass of wine. Again, just right! All in all, I highly recommend this place. It's pricey but definitely worth it if you are looking for a special place.
2	Met friends from out of state that we wanted to please. Had eaten here before and were delighted. Can not say the same about tonight. Met at the bar brought to our table, forgot to give menus which was not so terrible. Took another 30 minutes if not more before a waiter decided to come over. My glass of water was not replenished once throughout the meal. The waiter put on his best de Niro game face and tried to make light of the situation. But when diners are spending the kind of money we spent or would have spent more the service should have been top notch instead we were treated like this was steak and ale. Will not be back.
3	Came here looking for a good steak and found it! Sort of... It's all al la carte here. I ordered the prime rib and my boyfriend got the rib-eye. His steak was awesome! Cooked perfect and full of flavor. My prime-rib; however, was not very good. My first bite was awesome. Tender, moist and pure perfection. But as I ate on, I hit spots on the steak that tasted chalky. I don't know what the deal was, but it wasn't right. It didn't even have the texture of meat! Luckily the steaks here are the size of a side of cow so I was able to share my bf's steak. The chopped salad was so so. Not your typical steakhouse salad. The only thing steakhouse about this salad was the price. It had large pieces of lettuce, garbanzo beans, tomatoes, and lettuce. I didn't even finish it and I shared with my bf! The service isn't great either. Our waiter was not attentive. We had to ask for refills twice. He basically dropped our food and never came back until he had something else to drop off. Overall, the experience was okay. For the price, I'd go elsewhere. And for those of you wondering about the bread basket.  That was average too. We were given three halves of a mini baguette. I'm sure it was good at one point but it was hard by the time it got to me; wasn't fresh  :(Overall, I'm not impressed. But if you find yourself here, go for the rib-eye! :)
3	I don't usually dine at pricier restaurants, but I had a groupon. I had the prime rib. Ordered medium, it was more medium rare, but that's fine too. What was not was the seasoning, or lack there of. Prime rib is suppose to have a nice seasoned crust. There also seamed to be a lack of flavor overall. I also had the asparagus, average. As for the restaurant ambiance- the music selection was abysmal.   Rat Pack's 5 greatest hits on a loop. Decor dated, I realize they are going for the Rat Pack look, but my god!! The service was the highlight! Superb. Great. Stupendous. By the time I realized I needed something they were walking up with it.
2	We always eat at The Golden Steer when we're in Vegas. The place has never disappointed, but last night was the exception. The ambiance was nice--very old school Vegas--an older clientele. Lots of Rat Pack Music going. The service was fine, however we were disappointed in the food. My petite filet was cold and although it was cooked medium rare, like I had ordered, the cut of meat was not good. It seemed like a cheaper grade of beef than we had been served before at the Golden Steer. Also, I ordered fries that were supposed to be home cut, but were obviously frozen. My broccoli was raw. For the price we paid, we will have to reconsider & perhaps choose a more modern steakhouse with higher standards.
5	Recommended by the concierge!  Has a traditional Vegas appeal!   The food was wonderful!  I sat at the bar and had the best service ever from Joe!  He was courteous and professional and made the entire meal perfect!  I had dessert and coffee as well!  Every detail of the meal was incredible!  I travel all over the world and frequent places that I love!  This will be one of my new FAVS!
4	SUMMARY: My Dad and I wanted the old-school, real-deal Vegas steakhouse experience. We got it!THE SETTING: Red leather seats, crisp tablecloths, some Sinatra drifting by in the background. Waiters in bowties dressed better than the patrons. DO NOT LET THE CHINTZY FACADE OUTSIDE FOOL YOU - this is serious business.THE SERVICE: My father has recently had a stroke, and as such has had to seriously limit his salt intake. This was noted when the reservation was taken, and the hostess took great pains to make sure that everything was setup to accommodate his needs. If we needed water or bread or anything, a waiter was right there to provide it.THE FOOD: First and foremost, the tableside caesar HAS to be gotten. Anchovy, raw egg, the genuine article. I do not exaggerate when I say that we ate the salad one slice of Romaine at a time, as each piece had its own unique combination of elemental flavors.'Elemental' was the watchword for the steaks, as well; simply beef plus time for aging in a controlled environment. Cut like butter, melted in the mouth, crisp on the outside and perfect-rare inside, sitting in a pool of savory juices.The salad and steak were so filling we split only a potato on the side, with butter and sour cream. It was good, not great, but hey, it's a potato - it can be done poorly or decently, there is no 'amazing potato'. The only slight miss was the creme brulee; the texture was a bit lumpish and it had clearly been kept in the fridge, then quickly blowtorched to melt sugar on top.The coffee was excellent.THE DRINKS: 2 martinis each, well-prepared, no complaints.THE BILL: For four mixed drinks, two salads, two steaks, one potato, two coffees and one creme brulee, $200.
5	Once again the best decision I've ever made!This will always be a staple in the timeline of my life
4	I felt like I went back in time at this joint.  The history the ambiance.  It's like being in the Godfather.  They know their crowd.  It's those nostalgic for the Rat Pack. I wouldn't consider myself one of those people, but I can appreciate the history and their major feat to keep that special feeling.We got a small tour of the restaurant, learned a bit of the history before the meal.  The food keeps with the theme.  Very classic dishes from the era.  I enjoyed my meal there very much.  It wasn't outstanding and perhaps a bit overpriced, But the overall experience lender itself to being an experience of old Vegas.
4	What a pleasant surprise! I've lived in Las Vegas for several years now, and never ate here until recently.  It's old school, but deserves to have its name thrown around with the other great steakhouses in this town. My 12 ounce filet was absolutely perfect.  The French onion soup and twice baked potato were excellent as well.  I look forwarding to coming back here again.The signage and facade may be a little off putting, but make no mistake about it, this place is an elite steakhouse!
1	I WILL NEVER STEP FOOT INSIDE THIS JOINT AGAIN! We made advanced reservations for 8. When we arrived we were told they overbooked and we'd have to wait. The receptionist was very unprofessional and rude, telling us tables weren't available when we could clearly see empty tables from the waiting room. She even said that we could leave if we didn't want to wait. After she was told by my wife, son and daughter who made 3 separate status requests, we left. Maybe our money wasn't green enough, OR IS IT THEY DONT SERVE BLACK PEOPLE! Somebody needs to tell them the year is 2013...not the 1950's
1	I am a Las Vegas local. We eat out frequently. This place has the worst wait staff in town. Rude bartender. Rude waiter. With an automatic 20% gratuity, why would he give a shit. Steaks were ok. Worst creamed spinach ever. Just can't get past the rude waiter. Being a local business owner, I wonder how these people can survive in our competitive market. Don't waste your time.
4	Celebrated my 50th birthday here December 7 with a party of ten.  Our experience was fabulous.  We arrived when the doors were open...we were going out that night and wanted to take our time, eat, and enjoy!  That we did!  The staff was wonderful.  Everyone really enjoyed their meal, the service, and the experience.  Can't wait for the next special occasion!  Yes, the location is not eye catching....and the decor...I'll say...vintage, but I love that old style!
3	The food and ambiance were above average.  We ordered the French Onion soup, the crab cakes, a prime 8 ounce filet, and the king crab legs.  The prices were comparable to other high end steak restaurants. Drink orders were fill promptly but food orders took a little more time than expect for the amount of diners that were in the restaurant.  The server (his name was Jay) seemed pretentious and to have a classist attitude. I don't know if it was because we were the youngest ones in the place or not.  The waiters attitude wasn't bad enough to give this place a 3 star rating until we got our bill.  Our bill came (didn't have the our gratuity added to it yet) and it seemed right so I paid with a gift card.  When I got the charge slip back it showed my remaining balance on my gift card to be lower that it should have been.  I called my gift card to see how much was charged and it was $30 OVER what was printed on the charge slip.  We called the waiter over the inquire why my gift card was overcharged.  He said that the tip was already included in the bill.  I told him that he had no idea what we were going to tip and that gratuity was not automatically included with only a party of two.  He then got the manager who ran the card with my tip (which was 20% of the bill - $29.13) and said that it ran without a problem.  No apology given by the waiter or the manager was given.  This seemed highly dubious to me.  The pre-tip charge slip must have been printed and voided out and then reran for the higher amount.  It felt like the waiter was trying to guarantee himself a 20% tip without our knowledge.  The way the waiter and manager handled it felt like this fraudulent activity is a very common occurrence at this establishment.  My advice to anyone frequenting this establishment is to thoroughly inspect your bill and to pay CASH only.  It was an unfortunate event that ruined and otherwise pleasant dining experience.
4	food is so great. i liked the french onion soup. it looked so pretty when they serve and it actually tastes better than it looks.  steaks melts in yiur mouth. its a must go to steak house in vegas.
5	This was indeed a wonderful meal.  The wait staff was professional and helpful in suggestions and the food was most flavorful.  We had the prime rib and it was excellent.  A nice glass of wine to go with it and I am only sorry we were too full to try the desserts
4	Love the Decor. $17 martini a bit much. Prime rib over done, we went there last year & food was amazing, this time not true. They were busy but no excuse for poor service. It was so bad they didn't charge us for the sides. It was our 42 anniversary & all we got was a coment from hostess! Chain restaurants will give a small desert. Not cool. Next time going to steak restaurant in Orleans, better food & service. Sorry!!!
1	I wish there was a space for zero stars. I just paid 170 dollars for shit service and a bad steak. I am in the industry so I hate to ever make a stink but this place needs to get it together. I didn't go the orthodox route because we didn't make a reservation. So we thought we would be considerate and just sit at the bar. Waiters yelling at the bartender over lengthy wait for drink times. Her complaining that we say there...I mean really? Then the steak came out overdone( we asked for medium rare). What part of the game is that? If I wasn't so hungry I would've have sent it back immediately. It's not like anyone asked if it was ok though. My partner complained and the manager on duty after being asked if she had a moment to speak replied" yeah I have three seconds, go." I don't care about this places tradition or previous reviews. This place failed on many levels tonight. Nobody I know will ever dine here. I am born and raised in Las Vegas and I work at the best restaurant in the city. Get it together Golden Steer!!!!
4	Long on my Vegas bucket list, Golden Steer finally found me entering her hallowed halls for a recent monumental birthday celebration. The place conjures up everything that 'old Vegas' inspires in the minds of anyone of a certain age who is old enough to appreciate the Rat Pack era, but young enough to still be able to stay up as late as Sinatra did back in the day. Red leather banquettes, gold chandeliers, dim lighting, servers dressed at least as well as the patrons...it's all there. We were seated at Betty Grable's booth and promptly greeted by a somewhat aloof server. Our wine and calamari appetizer arrived quickly and we summoned our steaks and sides soon thereafter. We had ordered the signature tableside Caesar salad, but it was unfortunately forgotten. Once our steaks arrived we reminded our server of the forgotten salad and he halfheartedly acknowledged his gaffe. The hostess then arrived and told us that the salad would be compliments of the house. All appreciated. The steaks and salad were very good and prepared precisely as ordered, but once the bill arrived the salad was included. We reminded the hostess of the error and she quickly took care of it. (I wish she was waiting our table that night) Our server returned for the check, but without much to say other than the minimal niceties. All in all we definitely enjoyed our meal, but I have a feeling another server would have taken it to another level. I'd definitely visit again, but perhaps only when our particular server was enjoying a somewhat-deserved night off.
4	yum.yum yum BIG portions i love the gangster atmosphere....
5	A wonderful stop for a genuine change of pace. This steakhouse embodies the heart and soul of old time Las Vegas. It is everything you're looking for when you want a perfect steak and a glass of red wine in a swanky black leather booth. You'll feel like an Italian mob boss of days gone by being welcomed home and attentively served by these gentlemen in black suits. Make sure to get the caesar salad; crafted table side, you won't forget it.
5	Had the T bone and stuffed mushrooms it was great, very flavorful. Great music , tom was our server ...very friendly and fairly priced. Very nostalgic ...
4	Back in Vegas again. Starting to feel like my second home. What an old school classic joint. Feels like I'm in the old movie. The atmosphere was some what like a old gangster classic joint. I'm really enjoying this. Ordered me a glass of red wine and of course had to try the prime rib if beef: diamond him cut 24oz cooked rare. Not the best prime rib I've had but gotta admit on my top 5 list. I would recommend this experience to anyone. Need more joints like this back home.
2	The service wasn't very good. Multiple waiters kept coming to the table to get drink orders. None were particularly friendly . Then when we wanted to order couldn't get the server.  The food was just okay; nothing outstanding.
2	Food wasn't that good for an expensive steak house, a step above Outback. Supposedly our waiter had been there for 40 years, he sucked!!!!! Service was terrible
4	The steak was good... Very cool old gangster atmosphere. This place has some old roots... Cool restaurant.
2	I'm so disappointed. I really really wanted to like Golden Steer. See, I'm a food and wine writer and I choose only to write positive things in my column - which means I had nothing to write about Golden Steer. We had been planning to dine there for awhile and by chance I happened to get a Living Social certificate for $50 for Golden Steer so everything seemed perfect. From the moment we arrived, it was clear that we were not welcome and our business was neither wanted, nor needed. I would mention the name of our rude, terrible, gum chewing (I KNOW!) server, but he never bothered to give it to us. Nor did he give us a wine list until I asked for one. The server had nothing but contempt for us from the moment we presented our Living Social voucher. (If restaurants have a problem with taking these vouchers, then they shouldn't offer them, in my opinion). I guess he figured we were cheap kids and he wouldn't get a good tip. That really doesn't account for the lackluster service and presentation overall. The food was okay, not great, not bad. My filet mignon did have a piece of gristle in it - which is unaccaptable for a $45 filet, but at least it was cooked properly. The same could not be said of my Husband's ribeye. Honestly, what they did to that poor piece of meat was criminal. It was nearly burned to a crisp (ordered medium rare). Overall, the food sucks, the service sucks, and the ambiance is depressing. It's really time to turn this Golden Steer out to pasture.
5	I love this fucking place.My buddies and I head to Sin City -- this is our spot.  Table for 8, bottles of Cab, cocktails, killer steaks, great sides . . . Old School Vegas.  Muhammad Ali celebrated his birthday here, the Rat Pack, Marilyn and Joltin Joe . . . LOVE IT!  You wanna know what I hate about Vegas?  How they import great restaurants from other parts of the country.  I don't want to eat at Nobu in Vegas.  I want to go to Malibu for that.  I don't want to eat at Carmine's in Vegas.  I want to eat at the one on 44th St in NYC with theatre tickets in hand.  I don't want the replica, I want the gawdamn original.  And that's what Golden Steer is.  Over 50 years.  est1958.  A Vegas original.For those complaining about the service, you've gotta understand where you are.  You don't trot your significant other or your family into Golden Steer on a Friday night and expect rush service.  If you do expect that, then go to Black Angus.  This isn't 'dinner,' it's an event.  Soak it in.  Chill for a couple hours.  Actually chew your food.  Order dessert.  Extend the evening.  Experience it.  I've found the cooler you treat the staff, the faster and more pleasantly they serve you.  We were joking with our servers, taking pics with one server who looked like De Niro, and tipped the shit out of em.  We were there for a couple hours.  We loved it.  It was incredible.  All 8 steaks cooked perfectly.  If it's overcooked, send it back and grab another drink.  Sure beats a ruined evening while you quietly bitch about an overcooked steak and tell your fellow diner(s) how you can't wait to get on Yelp and destroy them.Smile once in a while.  This legendary place rocks.Bon appetit, bitches.
4	Experience the Rat Pack era with an evening at thi old school Las Vegas Steakhouse.  The steaks are good, the drinks are strong and the service is old school fantastic, as if they know exactly what you are thinking. I have ha the bone-in ribeye and the filet mignon... My preference is the filet.
3	Jay, gave me the worst service, ever! He reached across a couple of our guests to serve drinks and when he finally got around to taking our dinner order, at his leisure. All of our drinks were empty, and that didn't seem to bother him either. And amidst him taking the time out of his busy schedule to take our order( with 3 other tables in the place), he proceeds to tap his hand on his crossed arms. One of our group mentioned that we must have pissed off the waiter.  Steaks, tough! Feel free to check out my other reviews. I am never negative about restaurants, but this one took the cake. The only reason it was given 3 stars was because of the atmosphere. So if tou dont care about the food being good, or the service being worth a darn, well this is your kind of place!!
5	Business dinner. I was buying. I was hoping Spago, or IL mulino, or La Cave, etc. And the big shot i was taking out was old school and demanded Golden Steer. I wanted to jump off my balcony at Cosmo.  Golden Steer @ the Sahara?? You serious? Oh yes he was.Man, what a unbelievable suprise. While a classic steakhouse setting, greeting and service were upscale and professional.  Our server Tom Kehoe really made the night for us with amazing recommendations: seafood platter, bone in 22oz RIBEYE, and 120$ Napa Cabern that blew us all away. And he was engaging,  authentic, friendly, and charming without being phony or overbearing. He was on top of everything, controlling the pace perfectly. We trusted him all night long and his kitchen delivered a hell of a meal and a great business dinner.Sahara or not, This place and server are recommended.
5	The best non-touristy steakhouse in Vegas. For the money, you wouldn't find better service or food anywhere in town. I have been many times and have never been disappointed. All of the servers have been there forever and provide individualized old school service which adds to this unique experience. Try the succulent ribeye, escargot (hard to find nowadays), table side salads and cherries jubilee. Just delicious.
5	I love this place. You walk in and the place reminds you of a bygone era. We sat in a large leather booth with a Dean Martin sign behind it. Apparently we sat in Dean Martin's booth. How awesome is that. So we order the caesar's salad made table side. Seriously?  It was the best salad I've ever had. I mean its just greens right?  No. You haven't eaten a caesar's salad until Bobby has made one for you at the Golden Steer. We then get our prime ribs and lyonnaise potatoes. Awesome food. The finale however stole the show. The table ordered the bananas foster and the cherries jubilee. The cherries are likely the best dessert I have ever had. And i love good dessert. If you do nothing else, order the caesar salad and finish it off with cherries jubilee. Seriously. It could all end then and you would have lived a full life. Bon apetit
5	Old time vegas they deserve the respect of 5 stars. It is alittle overpriced and stuffy but they put out great steaks and prime rib.  They should remodel alittle and maybe change the uniforms alittle out dated .
3	The service was attentive. Caesars salad was quiet good. The steak was nothing special nod overpriced. The sauce was overcooked and flavorless.Our meals arrived before we finished the salad. The asparagus was cold, the sauce tasted like paste.Clearly this place is past it's prime and living on overcharging unsuspecting tourists.
5	Great from steak to vegetable. The asparagus was tender without being over cooked mush. The Caesar salads were made in front of us from dressing to mixing. The service was great the bread was warm. Will be back again with family
5	I honestly can't figure out why this restaurant only has 3 stars. If you want an authentic Vegas dinner, this is your place. The atmosphere is old school Vegas and the steak is some of the best I've ever had. The service was friendly and quick. My friend is gluten-free and the hostess and wait staff were incredibly patient and accommodating while explaining her options. I had the filet mignon and tableside ceasar salad and highly recommend both!  I'm definitely going back the next time I'm in Vegas!
2	I've been wanting to try this place for the past 18 years! FINALLY we made reservations (not really needed) on a Saturday night. The steak is no doubt 5 stars and high quality meat, BUT everything else needed help taste wise. The bill was $275.00 for 3 with NO alcohol (includes tip). PROS: Steaks (filet mignon & bone in rib eye)            Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail (HUGE shrimp)            Old Vegas interior & great picturesCONS: Clams casino (these looked like stuffed clams)            Beefsteak Tomato Salad (bland)            Creamed Corn             Creamed Spinach            $$$$
5	The best steak I have had in years! Stephanie was definitely the hostess with the mostess! The table side made Caesar salad was fresh and crispy and the dressing was ooo lala. I would give this restaurant a FIVE STAR.
4	Great old school restaurant excellent service tasty prime rib  Table side preparation of dishes.  Do not be fooled by the location in a strip mallWould have been 5 stars but tne steak Oscar was tough Thanks Tom for the service
4	It's been 10 years since we last dined hear. The atmosphere brings you back to the mob days in Vegas.  The oldest restaurant in Las Vegas.  The steaks are very good but not the very best I've been served in town.  The sides were small. Our server made up for any issues and was great.  Go to golden steer it is still a must stop to dine in town
5	Old Las Vegas steakhouse w/mob restaurant ambience and pictures of old celebrities over the walls.  5 star steaks, prime rib and seafood and gr8 ceasar's salad.   Cool bar and gr8 wine list.  Service is old school good.  Been here for 60 years.  Don't fix it if it ain't broke.
4	Pros: Amazing ambience, definitely old school Vegas steakhouse, food was to perfection! Music brought me back home, my father loves Sinatra! 4 Stars.Cons: We were greeted by the host who was blowing her nose, handed us the menus and walked us to our table - um I should have asked for her to sanitize her hands before handing us the menu cause that was a bit disgusting. Don't get me wrong she was great, very personable but we had our little ones with us (a toddler and a 6 month old - imagine the horror). Now the server, he informed us the specials etc, he was good up to but when my husband ordered for some soda, he seemed disappointed, mind you we had already ordered wine, he just likes soda - server didn't even said anything just walked away, not a "I'll be right back or anything" smh we both looked at each other stunned with the attitude?!? So if you're wondering why the tip was only 18% - here's why. We did notice he was and had an attitude with the couple next to us (I think she had too much to drink and was getting a little loud but don't roll your eyes where other guests can see you). -1There's was another server but he was great! And the Caesar salad maker was pretty awesome too!I will def be back!
4	We had dinner here last night. I think the atmosphere does bring back the old Vegas feel. This place is old school with todays high prices. I think it is good to try it once. The food was good and the service was great. You pay a lot for the Golden Steer Status - being the oldest Vegas Restaurant. That's about it.
3	I love the ambiance of this place. It's so totally awesomely old-school Vegas. Dark, red booths, tuxedo waiters, etc. And it's where Elvis Presley, the Rat Pack, etc. dined. There are even plaques next to the booths they regularly sat at. (Yeah, I totally went and sat in the Elvis booth.) 5 stars.When you walk in, there's a bar area with gaming on the bar and some couches and whatnot. We were greeted and seated promptly. The place was virtually empty on a weeknight.Our waiter was friendly, but the service just wasn't what one would expect of an old-school establishment, nor was it on par with the service at other Strip establishments. I love the old-school places where they fold your napkin for you if you get up and use the restroom, where the courses are properly timed, where the food is held and not brought to the table of everyone isn't there (because someone went to the restroom), etc. But alas, this place did not offer that sort of classy service. 2 stars.We started with the Caesar salad and French onion soup. The salad is made table side and was $12 a person. It was crazy delicious. Easily one of the best Caesar salads I've ever had. 5 stars. The French onion soup was also yummy. Bubbly and full of cheese. 4 stars.Before I was even done eating the salad (and whilst I was in the restroom), the steak was delivered. We opted to share the 22oz ribeye. At $50-some bucks, it's a big steak for a relatively low price (by comparison). But it wasn't all the great. It certainly wasn't bad and was cooked exactly as we ordered it. But it just didn't have a lot of flavor to it. 3 stars. Shoulda ordered the filet...To go with the steak, we ordered the bernaise and peppercorn sauces. Both were rather ho-hum. 3 stars.We also ordered the twice baked potato at the waiter's suggestion. It was overdone and not particularly flavorful. 2 stars.With the Groupon, the price we paid wasn't too bad. But I gotta say, had we paid full price, I wouldn't have thought it worth it.The main attraction here is the ambiance and history. The food is alright, but there are far better steak places around town.
5	I finally got a chance to try this place out. I gotta say I wish I would have checked it out sooner. I has the rib eye and fully loaded baked potato. The rib eye was huge and cooked to perfection. The baked potato was just alright but I ate the damn thing anyway. It's a bit pricey but well worth it. Anybody looking to do something away from the strip this is it. It's to too far off Sahara but enough. The app selection looks great. I got a chance to try the baked ravioli and it's was pretty darn tasty. Definitely give this place a shot.
3	Couple things on most recent visit-Calamari was surprisingly goodWaitstaff still act in a haphazard manner, had 3 different waiters during night. Some of the younger ones went into back room and I speculate were drinking. I mean whatever but its a sign this place is possibly headed downhillMy steak ordered medium came out darn near rare and then after a heat up came back leatherFinally, the bull that was out on Sahara is now in the backroom as some truck hit the pole it was on and knocked it off! A bit odd this long time iconic sign is gone and doesn't seem they will be putting it back up. Yet another sign this spot is not being run at a high end professional level.
4	Got a Groupon, couldn't find someone to eat with so came by myself and ate at the bar.  The older bartender Joe Extremely friendly along with the lady and gentleman who greeted me upon entering.  I ordered the bone in rib eye, twice baked potato, and caesar salad.  Steak was delicious, twice baked potato was slightly overcooked yet still good. Everyone raves about the table side caesar however I was bar side so I don't believe I had the same experience.  It was good but nothing amazing.  The bread comes out warm and soft with slight crisp so good.  I like the ambiance and music here.  It can certainly through you off from the outside.  My  meal was about 75-80 by myself though :-(, so prepare to shell out a little money.
5	We ate here Saturday night.  Joe, our bartender, made us some excellent Bourbon Sours while we waited for the others in our party for our 9pm reservation.   This gave my friend and I (two girls) a chance to peruse the menu, as we had been invited and didn't know much as to what to expect.  After the initial sticker shock on the prices of the prime steaks, she and I settled on sharing a 18 oz. prime rib au jus with horseradish cream (the smallest size they had; $40) and a Jumbo Baked Potato ($8.)  They were both delicious.   The wines were good and fairly priced per glass in the low teens.  We could hear each other converse which personally I appreciate.  I would have liked to try the authentic Caesar Salad ($12 per person) made table-side, but we really didn't think we could eat that much so we didn't order it.  If it cost a bit less - say $8 per person, maybe we would have tried it.  The service was attentive and not overbearing.  I'd definitely come back.  I enjoyed the atmosphere of the Rat Pack era Las Vegas - the booths even have plaques with the names of the people who would reserve them, such as Dean Martin, Elvis Presley and Frank Sinatra.  There was a man playing piano in the bar.  I would like to see this restaurant busier - by 11pm when we finished the place was pretty empty and it's as good as any of the more crowded places at the strip hotels.  People need to know that it's still there!  (Since 1958.)
4	Working in Vegas it would be easy to just hit the various big gun chef restaurants on the strip... Luckily, we were directed to this OG  true Rat Pack steak house. The host is great at breaking down the historical significance. The staff; sommelier, waiter, etc. are completely attentive. We enjoyed the old school prep if the Caesar salad table side & the filet / petite mignon's do not disappoint. Worthy of a visit! Enjoy the Red Label for a drink & some video poker after.
5	Now I know there is a lot of competition foe great steakhouses in Vegas but our meal service everything was fantastic!!!Easy to make a Saturday night reservation that's good. We bought a $70 Groupon for $35....nice!  Get there your like hmmm...ok... Strip mall on Sahara blvd...kind of old.Walk in hostess with big smile offered us ride in house car instead of taxi on way back...nice!Nice booth... Old school I felt Dean, Frank, Sammi and the boys in the air. The menu tells a great story about how they used to be regulars and you could almost envision it after their shows smokin n drinkin!Nice wine menu not pretentious. Ordered a steak and shared with my wife with no plate charge. Nice!  Food was great. Service awesome. I bet that waiter has worked there 25 years!! We had a great dinner. Skip past the outside impression and enjoy the "old school".
1	Sorry to say, but it was a very disappointing evening.The restaurant is very impressive, old Vegas. However the server was in a cranky mood and the food was not worth $190 bill.I would never ever return.
5	The ambiance is really great, very dark & sexy & it feels like you stepped back in time. The customer service is exceptional with many people paying attention to your every need & treating you like you're special. Frank Sinatra tunes play in the background & the food is straight up delicious. I love seeing old school things still popular these days with all the newer restaurants. This was my third visit & won't be the last. If you enjoy a traditional steakhouse this one will not disappoint.
3	Great old-school Vegas steakhouse. Come here every time I visit. Food is good, not great, but you come here for the atmosphere and the history, if you can sit in the same booth as Elvis that's pretty cool. Service is great, need to try a table side service from the Caesar salad or a flaming desert. Waiters are very professional, dressed to the nines, funny and extremely helpful. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who goes to Las Vegas.
5	What a great meal.  The restaurant is in a horrible strip mall that you would normally just drive by, yet the moment you enter you know you are in for a great experience.  The food is excellent, the servers were all quite attentive, yet did not make us feel uncomfortable when we decided to spend some time after the meal was complete.  If there were to be a downside it is a bit pricey, $200 for two with no alcohol.  Yet the food was so good it seemed worth it.  I will return.
2	Had dinner there a few days ago with a large group. Bartender over charged for two drinks to start with and his boss had to return me $9 dollars . Next was dinner . The prime rib had a large portion of fat and not tasty. The seafood starter didn't taste fresh, bread was ok and the salad was bland. The dessert cheesecake was very plain. Ended up paying over $120 for a meal worth about $30 tops.
2	If dinning out is about the experience then our evening was about learning to cope with disappointment.  And I have to tell you, no one was more disappointed than our waiter at having us for guests.  It started with the very obvious disdain most waiters have for us when we send a wine list away.  My personal feeling is they think because we're young and we're not ordering wine we're going to be cheap.  That's neither here nor there, but it's a common theme in higher end restaurants that we run into, and it was no different here.  I ordered a cocktail, and my father ordered a beer, and then we found that we had a seesaw for a table.  I tried to stop the waiter but he seemed really busy trying to work out in his head the minimum number of times he needed to stop at our table and still make a decent tip.  When it came time to order we asked if there were any specials or recommendations and we were told that everything was special.  Super helpful bro, especially when I was trying to wrangle two other indecisive orderers.  Our order failed to impress our waiter though as got bored  about halfway through it and started looking at the wall to see if there was any way it was more interesting than us.  It must have been, but he showed real grit when he forced his glance back to our table to take down the rest or our order.  Our premade salad came out to the table right around the same time as cart was rolling up to the table next to us.  They do table side Caesar salad prep?  Who knew?  I would consider that something special to recommend to a customer, but I guess we just weren't good enough for him to tell us about it.  The escargot was poorly done, with a mystery spice ruining what should be a very simple dish.  We think it was coriander.  We then fought with the server bringing our main course out for table space and no one seemed to want to come and clear off any plates on our table.  We resorted to busing the table ourselves and leaving a neat stack of plates on the edge of the table.  We would have asked our waiter, but again, he was probably in the back lamenting to the chefs about what a terrible table he had. When the stakes came out we forgot momentarily about dirty seats, the leaning tower of plates and the see-saw table because these stakes were phenomenal. Well portioned, well seasoned and cooked.  We almost didn't care the broccoli came out cold because we were too enamored with our stakes.    My wife and dad had a filet, and I had the rib-eye.  It really was the saving grace the experience.  Gluttons for punishment, or maybe like a 10 year old son trying to earn his fathers approval, we stayed for coffee and dessert.  We had the Bananas Foster and Cheesecake with fireworks on it since we were celebrating my dads birthday.  The Bananas are served table-side with ice cream and are very good, the cheesecake is cheesecake, and the coffee was coffee.  All kidding aside though, when bills start to get up in the $100 per person range there is a level of service that is expected, and we did not receive anything close to that level of service.  I've had better service at an Outback and I hope this was just a one off, but it's disappointing when a poor experience detracts from an otherwise good meal.
4	3 stars for the food. one extra star for the atmosphere/old vegas experience. don't let the outside strip mall location deter you from trying golden steer. Inside its beautiful....old school to the nth degree. photos of rat packers are everywhere..waiters wear tuxedos...hostess is especially nice and friendly....Sinatra music plays softly on the speakers...just wish the food would live up to the ambiance they create. Not that the food is bad...but its very expensive and for what they charge it should be better! we started with an  old fashion and manhattan cocktails and were all pleased. Caesar salad was made tableside and received rave reviews. French onion soup was tasty. steaks were fine.....$52 for a rib eye!! NY strip clocked in at $48! the twice baked potato was delicious while beware of the creamed spinach...my daughter thought it was "tainted". highlight of the meal was probably the bananas foster..again prepared tableside and enough to share...what a dessert! the entire experience is positive...the meal part..not so much..just typical. get off the strip just  to say you've been there. Its a slice of las vegas that's hard to find anymore.
4	I'm ambivalent about this place.  Guess we'll have to break it down:POSITIVES:---  If you like old-school steakhouses (and I do), you'll really like the atmosphere here.  Nice booths, pictures of old school celebs, Sinatra songs in the background.---  Service was quite good.  I was a bit worried after reading some of the reviews here, but our waiter was very nice and the service was attentive without being overbearing.---  Steaks were tasty and cooked to perfection.NEGATIVES:---  The tableside Casear salads were merely OK.  I expected a bit better for $12 per.  ---  The sides weren't very good.  The twice-baked potato was marginal at best, and the asparagus with bernaise sauce was NO BUENO.  I'd avoid having the bernaise sauce on my steak if I were you.---  It's a little spendy - everything is a la carte.  Ended up spending a bit over $100/plate after tip.I'm not really sure how I still come up with four stars, but there you go.  I REALLY liked my steak, I guess...
4	A secret gem just off the Las Vegas strip, this steakhouse doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside it is the essence of old Hollywood.  We had reservations and were seated quickly upon arrival.  Our waiter was quite knowledgeable which helped greatly in our meal choices.  Our friends started with the escargots which they said were "divine".  I had the poached salmon with dill cream sauce for my entree... It was spectacular!  The fish was cooked perfectly and the sauce so delicious that I wanted to lick the plate.  It also came with a side of wild rice.  My husband's 18oz prime rib was also good, but so much meat that he couldn't finish it.Our friends had the petite and regular filet mignons.  They raved!  The side of asparagus that we shared as a table was the perfect compliment to round out the meal.Highly recommended all around!
5	This is one of my favorite dining experiences ever.... 1. The food is amazing: Caesar Salad is made at your table from scratch, Steak is perfectly done, the twice baked potato is a must2. Love love love the atmosphere3. Stiff drinks and good wine listI can't understand why people poo poo this anything below 4 stars... and the reviews that complain about the servers... nonsense... old school gentlemen in tuxes who are no-nonsense.  I think others who don't dig it are used to the steak houses in the hotels that are more modern decor and such... pussies
2	After reading all the positive reviews, I was very disappointed when we had dinner here. Service was marginally acceptable, though slow and we often had to flag down the server. I had Chicken of the Angels, and it was VERY salty. It was supposed to be served over mushrooms and artichokes, though my meal had one piece of one artichoke! The side of asparagus were ordered to shared was ice cold - and barely enough for one person. One person in my party ordered a steak medium (pink) and it was definitely well done. The baked potato was huge, and ice cold on the inside but steaming on the outside. At a restaurant like this (and for these prices) I shouldn't have to ask for a wine list, and the server should ask if we want a second round of drinks. Although this place is "historic" I think there are far better restaurants in town.
3	The reason this is 3 stars vs 4 is due to expectations vs reality.This is a traditional, a la cart style steakhouse.  They are a left over from a different era and can be quite an experience to be in.  I've been in several similar restaurants (and worked in them as well in my youth) so I had a certain expectation to how it should be.Atmosphere and ambiance was what I expected.  Service is off though.  I'm used to being introduced to the waiter or waiters for my table and the bus boy and asked if I'd been here before (if I wasn't recognized as a regular).  Instead it was very lack of warmth.  We were brought the wrong salads and when we got the right ones, they weren't brought out at the same time.  We also had to flag someone down for water and ice tea refills at least once.  Also, places of this caliber have an intermezzo service, Golden Steer does not.The food was ok but not worth the price.  At this type of place I expect to pay high prices but I should be getting phenomenal service and top quality food and prep.  The so called "world famous ceasar salad" was not table side prep, was a small plate of a basic ceasar salad - nothing more.  The house salad a friend got was even more disappointing.  It looks like a salad I would get at a casino cafe.  Our tabled had 2 ribeyes and a top sirloin.  My wife commented that her sirlion was a bit overcooked and while good, she had had better.  The 2 ribeyes were cooked right and tasted fine but seemed to lack seasoning and didn't impress me much - for $52 bucks I can go to several other gourmet steak houses and get a superior piece of meat.  Golden steer is still trying to sell people on prime corn-fed beef at prices for what other competing places give for dried aging and grass-fed.The power went out while we were there (not their fault).  Staff was vary accommodating because of it and reduced the check for the inconvenience (didn't even have to ask or mention anything).We'll probably just skip this place in the future, there are better places where the food and service is better and I can get that fine dining experience.
2	I was not a huge fan of this place.  First of all, I realize it's an old establishment, but the neighborhood around it is not the best.  I went on a couple of friends' advice that it was the best steakhouse in Vegas.  It is not.  A friend of mine and I ate in there not terribly long ago.  I had a filet, a salad, and a glass of wine.  He had a ribeye, a salad, and a beer, and we split a baked potato.  And it was about $225.  It might be old school Vegas, but they charge some really new school prices.  The servers were curt and not very friendly.  We had to ask for water refills.  That should never happen in any restaurant, let alone one you're paying a house note to eat at.  They weren't busy, so there was really no excuse.   I've had much better steaks at Gordon Ramsay, Carnevino, Hugo's Cellar, Capital Grille, Vic & Anthony's, and others.  So, unless someone else is buying, I will not be going back here.  It was not worth the hefty, hefty price tag.  And despite their lack of business, the parking is terrible.
5	Food was amazing!!! Best Service I have ever had!! Fast! Food was great we had two Surf n Turf's amazing!! Ask for Tom Kehoe!!
2	I was a bit disappointed with this restaurant. First of all, I had high expectations considering the price of $52 for prime rib, without paying $9 per side. The steak was less than the size of my plate, perfectly fitting the central circle of the plate! It was tiny!! The steak was no better than purchasing a steak at any other restaurant off the strip! Prime, Hanks, and the steakhouse at Golden Nugget win the contest here. These steakhouses are steakhouses. I'm surprised this older restaurant still staying opened with the quality of food they are serving and keeping high prices! The prices are not fitting of the food at all; quality lacks here and the meat is greasy!! Would I come back? Absolutely NOT! I rather visit the steakhouses mentioned above anytime. My favorite steakhouse is "Vic & Anthony's at the Golden Nugget." I have dreams about those steaks, not nightmares like I had at the Golden Steer. Put the money in your wallet and spend it somewhere else!
5	Best rib-eye steak I've had in years. Flavor was excellent. Cooked mediumCream corn was delicious. Creamy but not to sweet.Creamed spinach was also very good. I didn't have more than a spoon full but I will make note to get it for myself next time I'm here.The staff are friendly and nice.
5	I love this old Las Vegas landmark. I've been going there for many years. It is a steakhouse the way Las Vegas used to be. It's a couple hundred feet off the strip on Sahara. If you like a big traditional steak, this is the place for you.    I don't think I've ever had bad service there. I've always left happy.
3	Although their website shows a golden steer as their marquee, there is none.  Had the bone-in rib-eye cooked medium rare and two hours later - EXPLOSIVE diarrhea.  The clam chowder was decent, but served lukewarm, as was the steak.  The steak was full of gristle and it did not taste right, but I ate it.  Golden Corral steak would have been better!  My wife's salmon was also lukewarm.  The four other diners at our table were very satisfied with their meals.  The service was fine.  Overpriced for what one gets - will not dine there again and suggest others try any of 25 great steak establishments in Las Vegas.
2	First the majority of the dishes were outstanding. Second the service was great. However, their signature dish the bone in rib eye had a bad taste and in fact made my guest sick that evening. I was very embarrassed. Also, the side of mushrooms was swimming in this terrible sauce.  I only ate one and no comment was made when the dish was picked up mostly uneaten.  There are many better choices in Vegas and I will choose one of  them next time.
5	Amazing food. The hostess was friendly and kind. The server was professional and prompt. I had the filet. It was 5 stars in itself. Love the ambience. I'm from Vegas and this feels like part of my roots. Great Birthday dinner!
2	It def was not what I thought it would be!! The shrimp was dirty, the twice baked potato was salty as hell (I couldn't even eat it, had to have them take it back), the steak was full of fat & grissle, and my friend king crab was salty as hell too!! They messed up our bill adding a extra $50 for something we didn't buy, the waiter was kinda rude.. But we was the only blacks in there so maybe that's why all this occurred. With all the great reviews I can't understand why it was that bad! I have it 2 stars because it beautiful inside and the calamari was great!
4	Food was great!  Service not so great...  When you're paying that much for a meal, the service should be just as good as the food.  Get the bananas foster for dessert, you won't be disappointed!
5	Started off seeing a physical golden steer off the side of the road.  I was curious.  I thought maybe it was a bar or something in a little strip mall.It ended up being a steak restaurant in an old strip mall.  It had some good reviews so I thought I would give it a try.I was amazed when I walked in the door.  It was gorgeous inside.  Stained glass windows, nice upholstery, the lighting was good.  A hostess/waitress came over and welcomed us.  We said we were just looking and they said go ahead, walk around.We decided to come back and eat here.  The 2nd visit was just as friendly.  We were seated at a beautiful booth.  The Hostess told us the history of the establishment.  The mobsters used to meet in the back where they had a special back door so they could get out fast if the cops arrived and in the 60's when Sammy Davis Jr could not stay in the hotels on the strip that he played at nor eat in their restaurants, he and his friends would come and eat there.   They still have his original booth with the same upholstery.  Very cool.  I love hearing the history about places.We ordered the Caesars Salad, Steak, Prime Rib, and Asparagus.Caesers Salad was made fresh at our table and was incredible.  I would come here just for the salad.Both the steak and the Prime Rib were cooked exactly to our liking.  My husband likes Medium well and I like Black in Blue (rare&cold on the inside and just browned on the outside).The asparagus was perfect.  Crisp, but cooked with a light sauce that was equally delicious.I will come here again.We also saw the next table over having a birthday.  Their dessert came with sparklers and singing. :)
2	Was really hoping to like this place because of all of the good reviews however I was sorely displeased. The location for this place sucks. Upon entering and being intimidatrd by thr dress code enforced sign we weren't greeted at all. After finding someone to recognize us we were seated and I immediately tried to redeem my Groupon. FYI my phone was acting up in this place so make sure you are able to pull up your groupon prior to ordering. We asked the waiter about their combo meals and holy wow they were almost all 100$ or more. Way more expensive than any other Steakhouse I've been to before. We ordered garlic bread and twice baked potato because of good reviews but I was sorely unimpressed. For $5 we got 3 pieces of dry garlic bread that was crumbly and overseasoned. The free bread is a wayyyyyyyyyy better deal. My gf and I ordered filet mignon which cam out burnt on the outside sitting in a pool of brown water w a single leafy garnish. Worst plating I have seen thus far. They do get one star because the center of my meat was pretty decent. The twice baked potato reminded me of the kind you can buy at the store in the freezer section and microwave. It was dry dry dry and just yuck! I didn't finish mine at all. During our meal we were sort of ignored by all of the staff which is quite odd as they spent plenty of time yacking to an elderly couple right next to us. The bill came and low and behold the guy that took our Groupon forgot to remove it from our bill. Even with a Groupon I thought I overpaid. I have to agree with others saying this place has old school prices for food that I guess is catered towards old people? As a local I will never be back nor refer anyone to this outfit.
5	Was very pleased with my steak.  Perfectly cooked and melted in my mouth.  Will be returning next time I am in Vegas.
2	Came here with a large group excited for a good meal.  Very nice decor and atmosphere inside.  And that's about the only thing going for it.  The only reason I'm not giving 1 star is because of the free cheese cake offered as our wedding gift.  The prices are quite extreme for the portions provided.  The salmon was nearly $40 and was barely enough to fill you up with its tiny scoop of plain rice and 4" long salmon steak.  Service was very poor.  My wife asked for a drink refill and it was never delivered and the staff was rude and stuck-up.  Couldn't even tip low due to a unavoidable 20% tip already included.  Never again.
2	It was very disappointing to have a horrible waiter (tall, asian guy maybe in his 50s) and it effected my opinion of this place. We felt ignored the entire time we were dining. It took 15-20 to get water (after we FLAGGED down someone) and the restaurant wasn't even halfway full. It was like we were invisible! The food was okay. The petit filet mignon and the NY Strip was pretty bland, lacking flavor. They also didn't cook my bf's NY Strip as he requested (medium), and instead gave him a medium rare piece--red but not bloody. He's too polite to say anything so he ate it anyways. The oyster rockafeller, 2x baked potato & creamed spinach was delicious though. The "special garlic bread" was soooo lame though! 3 pieces for $5! It was basically texas toast! After reading reviews from others, I wanted to also mention that they also double charged us for the "special garlic bread" with 2 orders when we only ordered 1 and it was over-priced to begin with and dry.To top off the night, the waiter had the audacity to ask me if we were using a GROUPON when giving us our check (keep in mind I had to ask for it because of the crappy service)! WTF!?! HAHA I'm not sure if that was a standard inquiry, but I thought it was an interesting question upon payment. I didn't find it appropriate, especially for a mediocre meal with embarrassing service. As Stephanie Tanner from Full House would say, "How Rude!".
4	I would give 5 stars if they didn't being so rushy....Thurs night open tables everywhere, 10 mins in food is on the table, while we are talking "are you done?" Umm ok yea...another 10 mins " sir, are you finish?" Anyways, the fastest fine dining we ever had. From seated to done about an hour and 10mins. Steaks is no doubt one of the best.
5	A great restaurant to me is defined by all components of the meal from service and front of house to the last lick of the spoon..this place exceeded our expectations..I've been to all of the usually spots but if you want classy superb service and quality look no further..so much Vegas history was made in this building..the food well I'll let the pics do the talking
5	This place was great.  Made a reservation for 12 guys during a bachelor party this past weekend and we were seated immediately upon arrival.  We had our own private room in the back that had been used by mobsters and celebrities alike.  Our waiter even took some time to explain the history of the restaurant which was actually quite interesting.  The food was excellent--a bit pricey but you get what you pay for!  If you're looking for a nice restaurant, away from the bright lights of the city, then this is definitely the place for you.  I'd certainly go back.
5	My families been going here for the past ten years. One of my favorite steak houses in LV!
5	this restaurant is one of my very favorites in the entire world. Food is very good, but the atmosphere is superb, and what really sets it apart. It is such a fun break off of the strip with all the glitzy new restaurants. This truly is a taste of the past. Always a fun experience. I have been there about four times.
5	This is the best old steakhouse In Vegas. You can feel the spirit of the rat pack, Robert Redford - Marlon Brando -  Naugahyde booths / the food is expensive but awesome and delectable, I love it here! Bananas foster! Fresh shrimp cocktails! Prime rib and New York steak! Asparagus w bearnaise. Caesar salad tossed table side. It's elegant! It's classy and it's old world 40s! Incredible. All our food was awesome. Creamed spinach, twice baked potato - prime rib --- so good.
1	This place is horrible. The sever (Asian guy in 50's) checked on us only once in the whole dinner. The restaurant smell like it's burning plastic! I ended up throwing up my food in the middle of eating because the horrible smell!! Lost my appetite afterward. The so call chick of angel is nasty! And my bf's steak was well cooked but there's no flavor. We had to add salt to it!! Extremely overpriced!! Probably will never come back here again!
5	Had a great night here. I had the filet and some seafood for an app. Everything was delicious. From the outside this place isn't appealing to the eye but go inside and it's very old school steak house. Loved it. Would return again!
2	On a recommendation from a cab driver I decided to venture off the strip to this classic steak house.I ordered French Onion Soup, a twice baked potato, creamed spinach and a the smallest cut of prime rib on the menu (18oz)The food was sub par to say the least but at least the portions were huge.Soup came out warm not hot and the cheese was not melted properly. The soup itself was tasty but again served at the wrong temperature.Like many of the other reviewers mentioned the meat was not delivered at the correct temperature.  I ordered medium rare I got somewhere between medium and medium well.  The Prime rib was tender and served with a soup bowl full of horseradish which was necessary because the meat had no flavor of its own.Normally creamed spinach is my favorite part of eating at a steakhouse.  It was inedible here. IN-E-DI-BLE!!! disgusting just plain horrible, the worst I've ever had, worse than I can even describe, sour, bitter and oily.  Also it was terrible.The twice baked potato was... nothing to write about, turly uneventful, really neither good nor bad.At least my Bourbon tasted Okay you can't really mess up pouring Bourbon in a glass from a bottle, Oh an the staff was pleasant, I never felt rushed or ignored.  Their friendliness should be commended.
3	Nothing to special. They have a good steaks and a good but really pricey Caesar salad and interesting deserts. However the atmosphere, the service, the quality of food, just does not justify the prices they charge. I would have given the place 4 stars if it was more reasonably priced. But the prices they are charging it should be better all around.
4	Its the Durant's of Vegas!  Step into the Rat Pack era as you lounge in padded booths with high-class wall coverings. You can't help to feel like a Vegas mobster or celebrity as you walk into the Golden Steer, its decor fits the era of its existence and the service is very good.I had the table side caesar salad, which was a neat experience. Taste was very fresh and filling. Three of us ordered prime rib of different sizes, massive cuts of meat although mine was fairly fatty the others were practically solid meat. No worries on sending anything back to the kitchen, just ask it they will handle it.They also have a pick-up and drop-off service that works on tips, I highly recommend this!Great place, I'll be back in a few months!
5	First of all, If you're looking for a glitzy steakhouse with a Food Channel Chef's name on it; this is not the place for you.This is an old school Las Vegas steakhouse!!!I am a local and have been to the Golden Steer on multiple occasions and never go home disappointed.The staff is always friendly and the steaks are always a good quality cut.The best part of this place, besides the meat, is the history.  For the out of towner's, this is the place where the Rat Pack used to eat and hang out after playing a show at the Sahara, what is now the SLS.  This is also where the Goodfella's used to hang out and eat.  If you ask the staff, they will be more than happy to recall countless stories about either.Anytime someone is in town visiting, I take them here.  There are a million cookie cutter steakhouses on Las Vegas Blvd., but there's only one Golden Steer.**There is one more thing I would like to add.  If there is something you do not like during your visit to the Golden Steer, try to bring it up to the management.  The staff at the Golden Steer take a lot of pride in what they do, but it's very difficult to change or correct an issue if they do not know something is wrong.  This restaurant has been in business for decades, and hopefully it will continue to serve Vegas for decades more.**
5	Short and simple.It's all about the ambiance and the atmosphere, baby! Like many have mentioned, this is old school Vegas. The superficiality, the glitz and glam of all those other prestigious restaurants on the strip....you can forgit-about-it!!! It's always good to go back in time and enjoy what Vegas was once all about.Food was delicious. (Of course it was...wouldn't expect anything less from a fine establishment like this.) One really cool thing they do here is that they make certain foods in front of you. We ordered a Cesar Salad and it was a fun experience to watch them prepare it for us. Ordered steak and shrimp scampi as our entrees, we were blissfully satisfied.Also...they lit desserts on fire??!! Seriously. It looks cool to watch but we were so full from our dinner...I couldn't stomach anymore food. Maybe I'll just come here for dessert another time?Definitely check this place out!
5	Fantastic!  The Ceaser Salad and Creamed Corn were both the best I have ever had.Atmosphere and Steaks are amazing.
5	If you are old enough to remember the RatPack, this is the place for great steaks.  Atmosphere is genuine old school. Steaks were great. The staff was even better.
5	We held a private party and the staff was unbelievably wonderful, John helped us get everything organized, Stephanie ensured our cake was delivered, Tom was the best waiter ever...and the food, just like every time we've gone was simply Devine! Can't pass this place up if you want great old fashioned service and a taste of old Vegas!
5	This is it.  I mean it.  Don't waste time looking around for the "latest thing" just get over there and enjoy the true steak in Las Vegas experience.  Oysters, yes.  Shrimp cocktail, yes.  The traditional Ceasar salad, done with flair and style at your table?  Yes.  Don't miss a very nice martini at the bar.  Oh, and the steak?  It's what this place does best.  I do not go Las Vegas without going to the Golden Steer.
2	Dined at this restaurant hoping to experience some of the charm of old Las Vegas. Unfortunately we only found some good sides, pictures of past celebrities, and poor customer service.When we first arrived and were walking up to the front door we were not greeted by a valet or door man, but by a transient who was going through the butts in the ashtray next to the front door. When checking in at the host stand I mentioned that we had a reservation, and was told to pick any table since few tables were in use. I suggested that the host check the reservation two more times, hoping that he would see the special occasion notes that were made with it, The host did not check the reservation and I was never able to covertly mention the special occasion throughout the evening.After selecting a table our drink orders were taken by the host. A short time later a waiter came to the table who spoke with a thick accent and was somewhat difficult to understand. He seemed to indicate that our drinks probably were not being made and said he would check on them. When the drinks did arrive, the waiter commented that it was a good thing he checked because they were not being made, then asked if we were ready to order. Waiter never introduced himself or explained anything about the restaurant or menu. We placed our orders of rib eye (medium rare) and fillet mignon (medium) with a table side Caesar, side salad, creamed corn, and twice baked potato.Salads came to table and a busser/expediter tried to remove them from he table while we were still holding forks and eating. Explained to him that we were not done yet, but would definitely set our forks down on the plate when we were. Same young man came back about four minutes later and tried to take the salads again!The entree's were brought by someone other than the server. The cooked medium was fine, but the medium rare was over cooked. When the server was flagged down by us (never came by on his own) we advised of the issue. The server looked at the cut and excused himself to get a woman who appeared to be the manager. We explained again that the piece was over cooked, and the server interrupted the conversation with the manager to insist that we cut further into the center of the steak in hopes that the exact center of the steak might be to our liking. The manager admonished the server a little, and said obviously the steak was over cooked and had a new one ordered.When the replacement cut arrived it was under cooked and almost slimy. My partner was frustrated as my meal was almost completed at this time, and when asked if they should fire it up again we declined because my meal was nearly completed and mentioned to them that the cooks at a "fine" steak house should be able to get their cuts cooked correctly since that is their specialty.We left feeling quite disappointed in our attempt to visit "Old Vegas" hospitality and dining, and have told friends both in LV and going to visit to skip this steak shop.
3	This is one of the most over priced steak houses in town. I always drive by and have heard good things. On a spur of the moment me and the wife went here. We weren't dressed to the nines but we were a lil casual considering a steak house. I always find the staff at steakhouses to be generally awkward and overly in your face helpful. The service towards us as opposed to the other table was the exact opposite. Not sure if it's the way we looked or maybe he didn't think we had $. Either way service was a 1 star rating and food was a 3.5 star. For the price I wase expecting a lot more. Ceaser salad was great. They make it in front of you but you have to get ceaser for at least 2 people. Food was good not great. They do bananas foster flambouyed in front of you. I'd rather go to any restaurant on the strip and pay strip prices with a view then go here.
5	Amazing. Fantastic food. Awesome classic decor. Old school vegas. Try the caeser salad - made at the table.
5	One Star,  very great service, attentive and they make your salad dressing in front of youTwo star, the steak is extremely delicious and they hafe a variety to chose fromThree stars, the lobster is large sized and its flavor is inpecable...it melts in your mouthFour stars, amazing low light atmosphereFive stars....just trust us.
5	Don't be deceived by the exterior. This is a really nice restaurant. It reminded me of a classy old style steakhouse. The food was great! My wife ordered a petite filet mignon and I got the 18oz diamond cut rib eye and we both got the twice baked potato. Everything was amazing. The portions are more than enough. We will definitely return.
4	Food and service were top notch.   First thing I thought when I got seated was that the movie "Casino" if not filmed there,  had sets modeled after this place. It was clean, but very retro. My biggest complaint?  I ordered the petit filet with bernaise sauce, and was asked house or Caesar salad. Not add, just choose.... I ordered the Caesar, and it was very good, but I would only eat small amount so as not to ruin my meal. Guess what?  It was an a la carte item I would not have ordered..it was an additional. '$12.  I felt misled. Do I mind spending good money for good food?  Not at all...but I would not have not have spent $12 on something I knew I would not eat very much off.
1	Going through the motions. Past its Prime. Simply awful. These are but a few of the things that cross my mind when I think back to what has to be one of the worst dining experiences we have had in some time. Having heard of the place from my father who had eaten there some time ago and having had a requirement for Prime Rib for my sons birthday, we thought we would give the Golden Steer a try. It was memorably bad, the kind of bad that has the whole table on edge and wanting to leave. Allow me to explain..... From top to bottom the whole experience was terrible. Service: BAD and got worse: . The waiter visited our table EXACTLY 3 times in the 90 minutes we were there. Since the wine list was spotty, I went for a beer. In this day and age it is not unreasonable to ask for the selection since no drink menu was placed on our table. More to the point don't roll your eyes at me either and look put out, how hard is it to say Bud, Bud Light, et al. (Seriously no local craft beers?).  The next and biggest sin in my book was not clearing the table between courses. When you see the appetizer plates, the salad plates sitting at the table, perhaps its time to clear before you try to WEDGE the next course in.  Clear the table BEFORE you ask about desert. If the service was bad the food bordered on edible. It was by far some of the worst food I have had in some time. The appetizers: Toasted Ravioli: Not only was it clearly a food service product (Sysco perhaps) it was not properly fried so the interior was not completely melted. (Food temp seems to be an issue with this place too) The marinara sauce had a canned quality to it and was pretty much lifeless. Shrimp Cocktail: Shrimp was decent and the cocktail sauce was just okay. I also appreciate the addition of horseradish which helped pump up the cocktail sauce. Bread: First basket was okay, the second clearly was old. I could have taken an at bat against Madison Baumgarner with it. Salad/SoupTable-side Ceasar: While they did prepare ours as part of the larger party next to us (and honestly I don't expect the poor guy doing it to make just two for us) it was dull and lifeless lacking much flavor. The croutons tasted like they were from a prior decade. Onion Soup: The broth was actually okay (more like an Au Jus) but again the issue of properly heating things reared its ugly head. The soup looked like it had been placed under the salamander and was never brought up to a proper temperature. The soup was just warm at service and that made the Swiss cheese clump within minutes into a curd like manner. MainsPrime Rib: Not a lot to say here but it was clearly NOT slow roasted but rather quick cooked. No seasoning and it was tough and quite chewy. The Jus had no taste either. No desert as we were thoroughly disgusted at this point. Its clear that this place is on its last legs and perhaps needs to a featured restaurant on Kitchen Nightmares or Restaurant Impossible.  Either that our closed to put and anybody who is thinking about eating there out of their misery
4	I recommend ordering signature items, that's what I did and thoroughly enjoyed my visit to a legendary steakhouse.  I had the Prime Rib and twice-baked potato upon recommendation from the staff.  Thanks Golden Steer for a warm welcome to the community.
5	Scratching my head on some of the previous reviews, but everyone's entitled to their opinions.  We had an amazing dinner, the service was excellent.  Our server was on top of it, and it seemed like there was an entire crew assembled to take care of us.  We even chatted with the nice lady in the front after dinner for a bit and enjoyed her telling us about the history. We loved the charm of the "Old Vegas" decor, and it is truly authentic as they've been in business since 1958.  My New York Steak was incredibly flavorful, and it was the meat and the juices you tasted, not a bunch of spice you didn't expect.  Twice baked potatoes tasted like a guilty pleasure and I tried my wife's desert (chocolate creme brulee) and it was out of this world.  I find it hard to believe that you could have a bad experience here unless you're looking for a bad experience, then you'll find it even in the best of places.
5	Food was great.  We started with the Caesar salad for four, which they make table-side.  Thereafter, I had the surf and turf.  The lobster tail was huge and the filet mignon was cooked perfectly at medium.  We also ordered mushrooms, asparagus, and mashed potatoes for sides which were quite good.  A bit expensive, but every bit worth it.  The service was just right:  they left us alone when appropriate, and checked on us just enough to refill drinks, clear plates, etc.
4	I must give the Golden Steer five stars for exceptional service and for the classic 1950's steakhouse vibe.  We patronized the Golden Steer for our wedding anniversary and were not disappointed. The food is very good.  We had the prime rib with whipped potatoes and Caesar salad.  The salad was the best Caesar I had in years, the potatoes very good.  The prime rib was good, but not great.  I don't hold it against the place as you never really know how a whole roast is texture wise all the way through.  I would have preferred a touch more seasoning but that is personal preference.  I would highly recommend going there for the entire experience.
5	Super old school high end GEM in an old run down strip corner If you can call it that. Impeccable service. Very comfortable
5	Excellent venue with a fun nostalgic ambience. Best steaks and seafood in Vegas. Great wine list. I Highly recommend the Golden  Steer.
5	Oldest steakhouse in Las Vegas .. I had been wanting to come here for years as l love a good steak . The ambiance was old school Vegas . The bar was cozy . We started with escargot and it was delicious ! I normally would order a ribeye but l was in the mood for a filet mignon. It was cooked a perfect medium rare , had nice flavor but don't waste $5 on getting a sauce for it . Overall food and service was really good and our server was a dead ringer for Robert Di Nero LMAO !
3	Came here for my birthday tonight excited because I never have been (and being a vegas native) the lady that seated us was super pleasant and helpful, even pulled out an iPad for my nephew to watch a movie at the table so he wouldn't be all over the place our server kinda sucked forgot my sisters drink, didn't check on us, had to ask some one else to take our dessert order and for the bill, the place wasn't that busy and they have a milling people waking around... Whatever, then I asked the old bartender what way to the bathroom (that's wasn't doing anything) he was a snob and yelled "YEAH YEAH YEAH THAT WAY" ... I'll probably be back because the food was SO good but come on for a $450 tab you would think they would be on it...
5	Plain and simple, good ole fashion steak and sides. The most simple you can get while getting all of the savory flavors of the meat.
5	This place ruined our dining experiences for the rest of this trip. The Golden Steer was so amazing Friday night literally from the moment we walked in until we left completely satisfied you guys (and girls:) were on point!The only problem is the rest of our dining experiences (Luxor - Tender steak house- HORRIBLE!) suffered trying to maintain the level you set. Can't wait to bring the wife back to enjoy this place. Won't be visiting Vegas again without stopping here!
5	From the outside this restaurant doesn't look like much. But once you get inside its an old Vegas feel where you would see the mob having dinner (back in the day) . Our waiters were amazing. They were all very funny and friendly. They wear suits but their personalities were not as you would think of with a waiter with a suit but their personalities were laid back and just overall friendly and humorous. The food was amazing. We were offered to try their clam chowder which Im usually picky about this kind of soup but it was really good. We were also given a tasting of a cabernet they had and it went perfect with the  18oz prime I had....and it was cooked perfectly and served with delicious creamy and fresh horseradish. After dinner we were served a complimentary cheesecake with the most sparkly candle ...what a nice surprise from our funny waiter. We also ordered Dirty martini's for after dinner cocktails. After dinner our waiter kindly called us a cab.
