4	I love Providence Cafe and the only reason I gave it 3 stars is because they typically have a wait and aren't good about predicting how long it will be, and other people I have been with have disliked their food. Personally, I think the Chicken Salad Sandwich (served hot and open-faced on an english muffin with melted white cheddar and tomatoes) is one of the best in town, and the pesto pasta salad is yummy.  This said, I almost always get this so I don't know much about the rest of the menu.  Many others seem to feel like for the cost (moderate at lunch and the low end of pricey at dinner) and the amount of time you have to wait, the food isn't necessarily worth it.  I recommend that you go for yourself and decide.  Oh and this is the kind of place that always has groups of women there attending baby or wedding showers- I've been to two there myself.EDIT:  I went here after my college graduation last week and we had a wonderful meal.  All seven of us ate something different, and we all enjoyed our food.  At least half the group got pasta, all of which were yummy.
4	This is a really nice restaurant. The food is always good and the wine list is nice. We usually go here for fancier family and friend get togethers. I had my bridesmaids luncheon here and it was super. I would go back any day.
3	I went here for my first time and had lunch; overall I thought it was ok. The menu prices are very reasonable. I had the southern BLT w/fried green tomatoes and it tasted average, definitely not the best BLT I have ever had. I would go back and try it again.
3	Good but not great.  The outside seating is lovely and will definitely come back for light appetizers and cocktails.WARNING:  They use those baby-martini glasses and still charge whack prices for them.  Those baby martini glasses just make me mad.Oh, and the things others said about the wait staff...not true from my experience.  Nice, not obtrusive, and attentive.
3	Providence Cafe kinda reminds me of a fancier version of the Village Tavern, if you're familiar with that restaurant. A little fancier, a little nicer, and a little easier (for me) to get there. Indeed, it's right off (not surprisingly) Providence, not far at all from the heart of downtown Charlotte. I haven't been there since it was warm out, so I don't know how great it is to go there now since a good part of their seating is outside, but it's great in the warmer months--and the secret's out, since the place usually has quite a bit of people there. The food's pretty good, but a little overpriced. I had a steak that had just a little too much going on (which I've found is characteristic of a lot of their meals). They should stick more to the basics as far as I can tell. Good date spot, though, and with close proximity to lots of after-date options, like the move theater and downtown CLT.
3	My review is kind of limited as I went here on a Saturday afternoon at an off hour (3:30pm) with a friend.  But, we had a really nice lunch.  I had a salad with grilled salmon while my friend had an "asian-inspired" salad  with tuna, and we both had glasses of wine.  A really nice atmosphere, good wait staff, no line, reasonable prices, and they were pretty generous with their wine pours.  We didn't feel rushed either.  So, at least for early dinners/late lunches on the weekend, this place is worth a visit.
4	We went to Providence Cafe on Saturday night after finding that everything else was completely booked and/or had over an hour wait.  Thankfully (for us, but not them), Providence Cafe only had a 15-minute wait, which actually turned out to be about 2 minutes as we began to order a drink from the bar.  The dining area was very clean and nice, but without a lot of ambiance.  I think they're trying to go for a "modern" look, but it's not quite there.   Almost, but not quite.  The lighting is also a bit brash (i.e., not very intimate).For starters, we tried the bacon wrapped scallops.  They were delicious jumbo scallops, but for the two of us, we got three.  I think they should consider making it four scallops so you don't have to cut the third in half to share!  For entrees, I ordered the blackened chicken penne and my partner ordered the angel hair primavera.  Although it had a lot of good ingredients in it (kalamata olives, artichoke hearts, spinach, etc.), he said the angelhair primavera didn't have a lot of flavor...other than garlic.  It was lacking spices and "zip."  On the other hand, my chicken penne had a LOT of spicy flavor to it, but the gorgonzola cream sauce was very runny and not too gorgonzola-y.  In fact, I didn't taste any gorgonzola at all.  Either there was little to none in it or the blackening spices overpowered it.  It was still very tasty (and spicy!), but not very creamy.  All in all, we enjoyed dining at Providence Cafe, but it's not someplace you'd say, "Hey--let's go to Providence Cafe!" with enthusiastic rapture.  It was very convenient to go to the Manor to see a movie afterwards, though, the pricing was reasonable, and the portions were just right to feed a hungry appetite.
3	I wish yelp started giving us an option of 1/2 stars because I think this place deserves a 3.5 stars. I can't really comment on the dinner here since I've never been. They're lunch menu on Saturday afternoon was so so. We had attempted for brunch on a saturday morning/noon and was a bit disappointed to see that they only serve brunch's on Sundays. However their brunch is where I think they shine. I actually hosted an event here a few weeks ago on a Sunday and they did a wonderful job giving us a table in a separate nook. They printed out these fancy menus and the table just looked really inviting. Its a pretty extensive brunch menu and priced well I must add. I got the Waffles which were absolutely yum and Hubby got the garden omelette and he loved his too. The portions arent too big...just the right size. So all in all a great Sunday Brunch place.
3	Mmmm brunch. It's difficult to find a spot in Charlotte that will take reservations for Sunday brunch - but Providence Cafe welcomes them. This is mighty helpful as the church crowd positively takes over so many Charlotte eateries after 11 am...Hubs and I met some friends for Sunday brunch and I was quite excited to try their fare, as Providence Cafe had just been featured in Charlotte magazine. From the outside, the cafe looks like an upscale eatery, with a stucco like (or just stucco) outside and parking on two sides of the building. It's a bit tucked away from the street, so make sure you look towards the back for extra parking. We were seated promptly in the largest booth I've ever sat in. It could have easily sat eight people, therefore the four of us had plenty of space. Service was prompt and friendly - they let the four of us gab and only came over to refill our beverages and check on us just a few times. I was super excited to try their Oscar Omelette - an omelet stuffed with lump crab meat, cream cheese, asparagus and topped with Hollandaise. When the food arrived, the portions were nicely sized and the food looked fresh. My omelette was a bit disappointing, while the flavors were nice, there was too much Hollandaise and there was no texture difference in the omelette. Maybe more asparagus would have helped? But. the cream cheese and crab were just a bit too mushy for my liking. While the dish I chose wasn't my favorite breakfast item, I'd definitely like to go back and try something else on the menu. Their strawberry and almond french toast looked tasty.
4	Go for dinner or lunch, preferably dinner, as the brunch is horrible.  They just can't make a good omelet or home fries.  That said, the dinner is excellent, I order the salmon salad almost every time (it is good with the asian dressing they give you or balsamic vinegar as well).  The free bread they give you is amazing (dinner only), it is one of the reasons I go and I often ask for a second loaf.  It is particularly nice in the summer, spring, and early fall when the weather is good and you can sit on the patio outside - great for a lazy Sunday.  Consistent and friendly waitstaff.
3	It's average, not bad, but not great either!! I find that this is a place that is just an easy place to settle on. The restaurant is huge and the patio is great to dine on! Service is hit or miss and the food is just ok not over the top, but safe. I have come here many times my sister actually threw my nephews baptism lunch here. It was a great deal and was just what she was looking for. I have since come in and tried numerous things on the menu. Some favorites are the fried asparagus (Asian style) the Steak salad is good and oddly I like this dish that is a Filet with tortellini in a cream sauce. I have come in on a Sunday but not looking for brunch and they weren't offering the regular lunch menu, kinda bummed me out but I made it work!! I think that they could maybe step it up a little more and this place would be great! They have all the makings at least!
4	This is a great restaurant with a very reasonably priced menu.  A wonderful atmosphere and a very convient location - just a wonderful experience and an outstanding wine list - definitely recommend this locations.
1	Been to PC for lunch a couple of times and it was OK, so tried it with my family for dinner, Very disappointing. The cost for dinner for four with appetizers and entrees, but no drinks, we all had water, was a ridiculous $150. When you consider the Formica tables with no linens and they can't even be bothered to set the table. The hostess just showed up with cheap stainless utensils wrapped in a napkin. Overall the service was at best mediocre, and that's generous. As for our food again there wasn't much better. The arugula and spinach salad was drenched in oil. The menu says the lettuce wedge comes with a blue cheese vinegarette, instead it came with a creamy dressing that tasted like it came from a bottle.   The only bright spot was that the prawns on the pasta were huge although a bit over cooked.Overall, you're better off at Applebees and save your money for dessert elsewhere.
2	My husband and I had dinner at Providence Cafe on a Wednesday evening at 7:30, the place was not very busy and we easily were one of the last tables there when we left at 8:45. The food was ok - good but the service was terrible. This was a celebratory dinner and we usually take our time at dinner but we were unfortunately rushed thru the entire meal, and I couldn't understand why...since there wasn't by any means a lack of tables. We had no time to enjoy our wine before our salads arrived and I wasn't even half way done with my salad by the time the entree appeared. My husband had to get up to get our own fresh ground pepper. And our water glasses were never filled so I finally asked for more water and Emily the waitress only filled my glass, even though my husband's glass was empty and was right next to mine. Never smiled, didn't know how to describe the restaurant she works at. Since this was both of our first times dining here we asked her (as a test to get her talking), "What kind of restaurant would you describe this place as?" Her reply, "I don't know, good question." I believe PC has been around for quite some time but if they want to keep their tables full they better start hiring a bit better. On a good note, the 2 man band that was playing was excellent. The salads weren't worth ordering for $6 but the Flounder entree and shrimp and grits were pretty good but unfortunately I probably won't come back because of the service, or the lack there of.
4	While in college every time my in-laws would come into town they would take us here. I've only been in for brunch and lunch, but I've never had anything bad. The eggs benedict is stellar. There is also an omelet with crab, asparagus and hollandaise that will blow your mind.
3	A Charlotte staple in need of a makeover. Generally solid food but sometimes inconsistent - biggest challenge is the atmosphere which is stale and hasn't kept up with the rest of the Charlotte restaurant scene. You can't go wrong by a visit to PC - especially if the weather is nice and you get to sit on the excellent patio. Salads are great here.
2	Eh. Blase menu and food execution. Excellent location and pretty nice interior but atmosphere is sterile. Many better options in Charlotte.
4	This place is overall pretty good from what I have tried.  The actually building and atmosphere is inviting and cozy.  The food that I have tried has been great : the prime rib is to die for, the spinach risotto was excellet one time and ok the next, the brie app. and spinach dip app. are excellet and the apple strudel is phenominal!  Only cons is that it is kind of pricey and everything is mostly a la carte.  However on the pricey part, you can join there mailing list and they will send discounts.  I would recommend giving this place a try.
3	I went to Providence Cafe today for lunch because I think I have heard a friend mention it before so as I almost drove past it, I whipped into the parking lot on a whim. My first impression was that it was a little fancy for my cut off jean shorts, but I sat out on the patio anyway and looked over the menu. The prices seemed about average at about $12 per dish. I immediately spotted a salad that I knew I would love and waited for a server to come by to take my order..  I waited quite a bit until someone finally showed up and took my drink and food order at the same time. I normally don't complain about service because I am very laid back when it comes to those things but it was SLOW today. My server took my order, brought the salad, and then only came back after I was finished with my meal. No checkback to see if I needed anything else. This preturbed me. The salad was delicious but it was ready in only about 3 minutes... Weird, right? Not that I'm complaining, but I know that that means they had random grilled chicken already somewhat pre-cooked. But, it was very good, nonetheless. Overall, I would return but would opt to go during a busier time when maybe I could have more attentive service. (I went today around 2pm in the middle of shift changes and such.) I was really hoping for a better experience from Providence cafe but I would still go back if asked to.
2	Went for dinner the other night, the place was pretty empty (not usually a good sign).  The place looked pretty nice but the food was very average.  Except for some mandarin oranges we were served which had turned, pretty drastically rancid.  Service was good, I don't know maybe we came on an off night, but I kind of doubt it...
3	It was a nice place for brunch. Nothing to write home about, but plenty pleasant for our group of healthy eaters. Some good vegetarian selections and spacious atmosphere. Outside dining looked great, but too cold for our visit. One of those dependable places for a constantly good meal anytime.
3	Pros: The food was delicious. Had the asparagus salad and partner had grilled cheese witha twistCons: Walked into the place, and just stood there for 5 minutes. It wasn't even busy. Waiters passed by not even acknowledging us. Finally, we just found our own seating outside, and then waited another 8 minutes or so for someone to come take our drink order. For a place that isn't too busy, not sure where the host is.
3	Hmm...I was expecting to be more bowled over by the their flounder, marked a specialty, which I found underwhelming.  The risotto needed more salt, and the fish came out fried, which I wasn't expecting.  So overall, it was a much heavier meal than I was looking for.  However, my friend got the Cowboy Beef salad, which I thought was really tasty.  I should've stuck with my gut and gotten that.  The sauvignon blanc we both ordered was quite nice, and I love the patio.  I just wouldn't bother with the flounder again.
2	Sadly - it closed this weekend
5	I needed a place in February that would allow me to celebrate my birthday with a group of 30 friends without hitting me over the head with a deposit cost. Providence Cafe was just the ticket! My friends & I had a wonderful time...I believe maybe it was because of me, because I bring the party! Lol! However, the manager greeted me(practically with open arms) when I arrived and they created a personalized menu for my celebration. We were set up in a lovely room with a fireplace, linens and floral that complimented the ambiance. Theprime rib was marinated & tender, mashed potatoes exquisite and salad was fantastic. Others had ordered a seafood dish and most enjoyed their meal as well. Price wise, was around $30 - $35 a plate, including appetizer, beverage, meal & dessert. We had two exceptional servers that were very accommodating. I would definitely recommend this restaurants to others.
