5	I stopped in to try this place because it was new, and I was wondering why a new sandwich place would open up on a street that already has at least 10 others within a few blocks. After eating, I can honestly say that Jersey Mike's is one of the best in the area. All the meat and cheese is sliced in-house as the sandwiches are ordered, and the tomatoes are very visibly cut from whole tomatoes and not prepackaged slices. Hot sandwiches have the ingredients cooked together on a stove and then put into a bun (the way it should be) instead of just sticking everything in a loaf and toasting it until the whole sandwich is dry and hard enough to slice your gums up like a bowl of Captain Crunch. I highly recommend Jersey Mike's, and I'd put it up there with Penn Station on the list of best sandwich joints on Green Street. Potbelly, subway, and jimmy john's are all a waste of time and money compared to this.
1	Terrible food. I ordered a Buffalo Chicken wrap and they gave me lettuce and chicken and squirted some Buffalo sauce on it. Nothing that cannot be done at home in less than 5 mins. It's worse than subway and more expensive.
1	Worst sandwich store on campus. I tried two different sandwiches here on two different occasions and both times, the sandwiches SUCKED. The bread is too dry and tastes worse than storebought bread. The sandwiches are drowsed in olive oil/vinegar and do not taste very good.
5	Me & my husband love this place. Taste like sub place in Chicago. I get the Italian & my husband gets chipotle cheese steak their awesome! Big size literally was good enough for 2 meals
3	Jersey Mike's has its own little atmosphere. The customer service is great and the workers are really friendly despite what other reviews may say. I've been here at least 3 times so far. I've tried the turkey & provolone and the Italian sandwich (only cold sandwiches). This is like a lower quality version of Subway to me and the sandwiches are pricer. A regular 6 inch is almost $6 compared to Subway at about $4+ The bread can be kind of dry. I suggest getting it "Mike's way" which is the addition of vinegar, oil, and some spices. Despite the sandwiches being a little sub par and not having much to offer they are still very fulfilling. For a female I definitely would recommend getting the regular. Something about this place, I'll be back.
3	Wow. Smallest water cups I've ever seen in my life (they're as big as shot glasses). The subs are fairly good, but they cost so much money that it's not really worth it.
4	I've recently grown to love this place. And I'm definitely a fan of the customer service and atmosphere.It's nice that they prepare the sandwiches and cut the meats fresh in front of you.The first two times I went I was not impressed by the food.. I had the cheesesteak and also a wrap. Both of which are nothing extraordinary. Actually, the wrap was pretty pathetic portion-wise for how much they charged for it.My recent experiences have been nothing but stellar. I have got the NUMBER 9 every time. Roast beef, turkey, bacon, chesse, and Mike's way always makes it an amazing meal. The staff are super customer service oriented too. They were making the wrong order for me and just combined the two sandwiches like I asked - which resulted in a Mike's Gargantuan more or less. Another time, it was near closing and they forgot to put bacon on my #9 and my friend's. So, I told them and they literally gave me with a pound of bacon for my trouble.All in all, my experiences with Jersey Mike's makes it a wonderful option for sandwiches.
4	You can keep your Jimmy John's, and your Subway too.  Dobt even come near me with your Quiznos either. Sandwiches here are the way sub's ought to be. Fresh sliced deli meats and cheese, great bread, and copious amounts of toppings.   I don't get here often but when I do, its a treat.
5	Probably my favorite sub place on green street! If you're on campus at U of I, it's worth the walk over. Sandwiches are decent sized. White bread or wheat bread. Both are good. Meat is freshly sliced. Veggies always fresh. Order you sub Mike's Way--it's worth it!
5	Definitely my favorite sub place. Whatever you do, make sure you get your sandwich "Mike's Way." It is amazing and tops Jimmy Johns and Subway in my book, hands down. The staff has always been very friendly as well whenever I have been in here.
5	I've been eating subs for many, many years, I'm 67. When I first ordered here, I didn't know anything about their food, so I ordered a #13, original Italian, because that's my benchmark of a sub shop. My favorite sub in Chicago is Fontano's, a little grocery place near UIC campus. The JM sub ties Fontano's for excellence in a sandwich. Subway, Jimmy John's and Quizno's shouldn't even be mentioned in the same breath with JM's. The only problem is that the Champaign store is on campus, and right now there are very few places to park. But it's well worth walking a few blocks.
2	I chose to try Jersey Mike's because ain't nothin' better than a good sandwich. It was on my way and not crowded at all: A+. I got the Super Sub (provolone, ham, prosciuttini and cappacuolo) on white and a small drink. It was just under $9. My first thought was this looks like a glorified Blimpie. They slice the rectangular loaves of meat to order and make the sandwich in front of you. The topping selection is okay. They had jalapenos so I was set. Upon trying my super sub, I was not impressed. Actually, my sandwich tasted just like a Blimpie Best. Half of it went into the garbage and I sincerely regretting not ordering the mini sub size. This place is not quite comparable to Subway, maybe a step above? The fountain Pepsi burned my throat and was AWESOME. Highlight of my meal. Based on my sub-par sandwich experience, I don't plan on coming back.
