3	Cute waiters bring groups of girls. Many cougars. Waiters play this up. French in Italian accent and chivalry in a city where guys like that seem to care more about their next dose of steroids.  Service very slow, disorganized, and waiter farts smell like eggs. Great coffee hard drinks.  Good focaccia pizza with mushrooms. Pastas are over priced.
4	Good food but a bit expensive.
3	Standard Italian fare. Nothing special but acceptable. No lines, no reservations needed, open late.
3	Standard Italian fare. No lines, no reservations needed, open late.
4	Great atmosphere ( specialy for a romantic date) :) . Super friendly staff . Good food . Fast service ! I will go back for sure
5	What a fun dinner.The waiter was super energetic & welcoming and the bar-lady was very attentive and helpful. Our food was tasty, with the small exception of my pasta dish (shrimp linguini) being slightly on the bland side, salt was needed, but I won't scrap a star for that since there's salt at the table and I did really love my starter (beef carpaccio). My husband's wild mushroom risotto was amazing.We ended with a panna cotta that was on a special temporary menu, YUM, I really hope they add that one to their everyday menu!
4	Good service and great food. The food seemed really authentic and was very enjoyable. I stopped in on a Thursday and the atmosphere was great. Would definitely go here again!
4	Landed on this spot by accident; a great find!Casual Italian bistro, good wine list.The chicken carbonara was so good! Was hesitant of egg on top, but made sauce even creamier. Husband had the veggie pizza and added chicken. The crust was the perfect crisp/soft combo, and the tomatoes were super fresh!Delicious!
4	Classic italian food with a modern touch,Eat there several times on different occasionThe food is good and service excellent, they are really proffessionnal I recommand the chicken calzone, the shrimp pasta, and the great cannelloni Give a try in their home made dessertsThe only cons i have is the priceToo much expensive for a pasta and pizza food
