3	I know what you are thinking... why is this girl reviewing another Sports Authority?!  Well, I drive by this SA location all of the time and every now and then I pop in if I have some time to spare.  After all, I'm always in the market for a new workout outfit to motivate me to get to the gym!I recommend going to this or any SA location when in need of sports apparel, shoes, or equipment.  The selection is decent, sale racks can be great, and regular pricing is on par with most other places too...For any girls that like the color PINK or are training for one of the many walks to find a cure for breast cancer, the selection of PINK apparel is pretty good right now and they have some really cute stuff to choose from in Nike, Addidas, Puma, Champion, Under Armour, and more!Parking at this location is easy as it's a shopping center with plenty of spots to choose from.
2	Awesome workout clothing section. Even for the cold weather types, they had a fair amount of Columbia & North Face wear. BUT, after asking about a weight bench that was displayed practically on the ceiling, whether it gave a flat recline or a angle, and no one could tell us...HMMMM.. the girl reluctantly acted like shed go get some help when we pressed to see the box, please? maybe? She left and 15 minutes later no one came! Another worker walked past and asked us how he could help, we explained about the bench. He cockily stated that no bench would recline flat...HMMM... my hubby pointed out the option on the ground and said , 'that one does'..the worker chuckled..'okay'. We may have purchased an elliptical too, since my running days post knee surgery may have come to a close, but were so aggravated on how no one knew the product or had the schbang to figure it out for a sale, we left and headed over across PV to Camelback SA. Epic, Fail.
1	Terrible offering and service.  Few products to choose from.  Was shocked to see the grumpy, rude cashier was also the manager.  Wouldn't return.  Sorry I spent any money there.  Online or alternate store would be worlds better.
4	This place is always clean, not too busy with friendly people ready to help.  Good selection and competitive prices.  Coaching a flag football team, I am here quite a bit for gear.  My boys love the selection from air soft guns to golf gear.
4	Like this store because it is never really busy and there seems to always be someone here that is willing and ready to help you. The prices seem to be a bit different than at others, and they also seem to have a different inventory than others, which I like by the way.
