1	Wish I could give a zero. Horrible customer service, called me and set up an appointment for the next day at 8:00 to 1:00.  Took a day off work to wait for them, and surprise surprise they didn't show. Give them a call after verbal sparing match with the "pleasant" customer service rep got a time of 3:00 to 4:00. Well at 5:15 I called again and got a girl who had no idea what so ever how I could of gotten those two times in my head because the computer didn't show any appointment.  Definitely will never do business with them again. If the warranty company was not paying for it I would not have done business after their first mess up.
1	The worst customer service ever, Nick the Dispatcher was very rude when I called to report the new garbage disposal they put in the day before wasn't working.  He said I will have someone there tomorrow, I asked if it could be at 2:00 and he said yes and hung up the telephone.  Went to work Thursday and then the stalker service man Tomas started calling me at 8:30am asking if he could come time now and I told him I was scheduled at 2 and he said he had no other work orders and needed to come now, I told him I was at work and then he rudely said then I don't have to be there until six and you can just wait at home till I get there and hung up.  Went back to work and then he began calling and calling and calling and after the fourth time, I answered because again I'm at work, he said he was on his way and again I told him I would not be there til two and he said he has to come at 1, I asked him to call his dispatcher and he said no and he was calling the insurance and jhung up?  I called first american to report the problem and they said they would send the Manager an email and report Nick the dispatcher because he said my service order was cancelled and just a real smart ass.  I was so frightened of these two that I called my son and the warranty company to report them. My son called them and the Manager said he would sendTony now to complete the work and we were both fine with that.  Tony comes in and says I was pulled off another job and what's the problem?  I tell him and he takes the drain apart and said see this its clogged with chili peppers and corn, I said well it wasn't from yesterday or the past five days because the disposal wasn't working and I wasn't cooking, he said no it had to be from me, again I told him sir, I haven't cooked in five days, look in the dishwasher I haven't even been able to use it, I aske could it be from TOMAS, because he put drain cleaner down the drain on Tuesday.,  Oh No lady it is your fault only, I said ok, I will take the blame, just fix the problem and go on your way.  Please do not ever uuse this company the emplolyees are very angry and scary, the Manager doesn't return calls etc, but that is how most plumbing companies are, they onlly employ convicts.  The owner was problaly in prison as well, birds of a feather, flock together.  I have reported them to the BBB, home warranty etc.  don't use please.
1	Absolute WORST service EVER.  I never get on yelp and write reviews but this was so awful that I had to.Every time I called it said that I was the first caller in the queue for up to 45 minutes.I was given the run around with my parts to fix my heater. They would call and say they had it and then call back and say that they don't have it, tell me people were showing up for 4 days in a row (which I took off from work) and didn't show until the following week.It has been a two month long process, at this point I'm pretty sure that the cold season is over and the whole thing is pointless.I want to stress that it is the Companies fault, management is awful.  The Technicians have nothing to do with this because when they arrive they do their job, it's getting them out here that's horrible.One of the technician actually called us to tell us that the parts were in but that he wasn't on the schedule to see us and to call the company so that he could come out and fix it, he did his part and deserves all the stars here....but we were told by the company that were were first on the schedule????
1	on 10/18/13 this company came out to my house to install a new hot water heater per my warranty company's suggestion , that was about five months ago. last week noticed a water leak from the newly installed pipes and the water seemed to be rust colored ,at that point i though i  could tighten the fitting and i was able to a half turn on it , the next day same thing a half turn still dripping  , day three i went lowe's to get new fittings  to stop this leak, while in the plumbing department a young man from that department stopped to help me  with the fitting i showed him the rusted out pipe & showed him pictures from my cell phone and asked him how could a new pipe installed less than five months ago could be this rusted out to the point of almost falling apart , and his reply was he had only worked in the department for two months and, still he  was knowledgeable enough to know that when working with plumbing that you can not connect a galvanized fitting or nipple to a copper fitting or the  galvanized fitting will disintegrate in a matter of no time . ( this was my ah ha moment ) the fact that i had paid this company $275.00 on top of what the warranty company paid them. for the sum of $275.00, i the home owner had to go behind this professional plumber and re-install new fitting / drain the water heater / go to lowe's / and a plumbing supply store. to replace the bad parts.( DO NOT USE THIS PLUMBING COMPANY WHAT EVER YOU DO ) OR YOU WILLBE SORRY. ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,.P.S - THE  CITY INSPECTION WAS APRIL 16/  2014 , THE INSPECTOR ADVISEDME THAT  HAD I NOT ( CHANGED  THE PIPE FITTING ) AND THEY WERE LEAKINGWHEN HE CAME TO DO THE INSPECTION OF THE WATER HEATER IT  WOULD NOT HAVE PASSED THE  INSPECTION FOR A PERMIT, AND HE SAID I SHOULD GO AFTER THEM......... ( 0 STAR RATEING ) .
