5	Omg!finally! !a great taco place close to me me and my sister have been on a hunt for a while. . ..I tried the asada, carnitas.,and the al pastor....they were all good but the pastor with pineapple. ....with the Orange salsa. .omygod delicious!to die for...I was sad when they were all gone....the salsa bar has great options and all the essentials: cucumbers, radishes,carrots.they also give grilled onions and chiles toreados. Upon request.ah...I'm in love and I'll be back:)
4	Food is great. You can't go wrong with anything in the menu really. I highly recommend the buche it's very well prepared. The tables are however a bit small. Still somewhat of a new restaurant but worth to try.
2	Came here on Tuesday November 11. I had the carnitas burrito which wasn't that good it needed more flavor, the cheese out did the taste of the meat. Also some of the fountain drinks were out of service.
2	I've been watching this place for months and months with a opening soon sign. It's close to work so I was looking forward to it opening, operative word "was". Well it finally opened and I went to try it.I ordered a carne asada burrito. It was asada, beans, cheese and I beleive sour cream according to the description. I liked the ratio, mostly meat with a few beans, could have used more cheese.I took a bite and it was like getting a gulp of ocean water it was so salty. If you're on a low sodium diet, stay away. It took the hotter sauces to mask the salt, which also masked the flavor of the ingredients, which was insignificant, since the only flavor was salt.  The texture was fine, no grizzly pieces of meat to chew through, but the overwhelming salt taste ruined it. Except for the calorie intake, I could have gotten as much taste enjoyment out of eating a salt packet.They have other rmeats available, they might be fine, I don't know nor will I know. I won't be back, If I might suggest, directly across the street is Cardenas market, they have a cocina in the store with excellent food, I would recommend going there.
1	This place was once of the worst places I have ever been too !! And I don't say that very often !! I went in there with my family after an event ... And we ordered some tacos and while we were ordering he yells at the cashier no more of those tacos because the guy behind them already ordered them and there is no more Of that meat. The cashier tells him well I'm sorry but she was here first and I'm giving them to her! Once our name was called we had also ordered a torta and they charge $9.00 and they put hardly any meat and 1 piece of lettuce nothing else . I go ahead and bring it up to the cashier and she asks to please have it remade the guy opened the Torta and stuffed it mad and put tons of meat in it and threw back on shelf .. It was so nasty you can tell they made all of our food in a bad manner !! When you are in this business they should welcome all comments good or bad. And they should try and fix the problem and argue with customer . And while we are paying for food that was disgusting the cook is now arguing with another customer over some tacos that were given wrong. I gave the cashier the torta only gave it 2 bites. It was so nasty but even then we paid for it!!! Yes even tho all our food was nasty we still paid for it, why because we were not looking for free food we wanted good food ! And this place is the worst:/
