1	One star, only because no stars is not an option.  I had the displeasure of dealing with this company through my home warranty company.  They didn't even show up for our first appointment, calling my husband and leaving a message saying they weren't coming because he didn't answer.  Getting them to actually come to the house was like pulling teeth.  The manager(?) kept telling me they were on their way and how far my house was from their location numerous times.  As if this is somehow my problem and gives them permission to be late to their appointments.  Not surprisingly, when they did finally arrive, they told us what we already knew regarding the issue we were having and then left without rectifying anything.  Shocker.
1	If I could give zero stars I would.  We are very handy people, and by the time we realized we were out of our league on our spa repair, we called Triple R Pool Service to ask them some questions and schedule a service call.  We were "greeted" with a nasty response of "I do this for a living, and I"m not going to answer your questions," and then he hung up on us.  Being level headed and optimistic people, we decided to call back to confirm what we had just heard.  Indeed, Tom answered and said that he did hang up on us, and that he does that all the time.  His exact words!  I think I was at a loss for words, because I as sitting there agape as he hung up on me again.  Then, we received a text message saying he had an emergency looming and he didn't have time to answer questions.  Its all very confusing.  I can honestly tell you this, if I had an emergency, I wouldn't answer my phone!  And I certainly wouldn't hang up on someone twice and admit that "I do it all the time"!  We are kind people.  I would understand a polite, "I have a family emergency right now, can I call you tomorrow?"  That is nothing like what happened, and its amazing to think that a business owner, emergency or not would talk to a customer as he did to both of us.  I recommend you stay far away from this business, and it gives me no joy to report these facts.  I love small local business, so I am sad to give this review, but I feel the need to let you know what to potentially expect.
