3	My first trip in I thought it was OK...not killer, just OK. The corn bread was outstanding. The sauce on the table is nice and spicy. The BBQ was OK., but not worth going out of your way for.
4	I kept driving by this place going to and leaving my hotel room when I came for CES.  I finally decided to swing on in and try it out.  I was really surprised.The place has got a real southern-style feel for it.  On every table is a bottle of ketchup, salt and pepper, bottle of BBQ sauce and a huge roll of paper.  And I mean that old school brown paper that's really rough, no hand towels.  I think it was this paper that endeared me more than anything else.  Really made me miss living in the South.I ordered the 4-bone dish which is 4 beef ribs and two sides and your choice of type of bread.  I got greens and mac & cheese as my two sides and white bread.  While I was waiting for the food, I realized I was sitting next to the owner at the next table.  He was eating chicken and watching a football game on the mounted TV they have.  I watched the game with him and we both commented on some of the plays.  When the ribs came I was surprised at how much meat was on the bones.  They were pretty good.  I ate two without the BBQ sauce and the other two without.  The meat's just good enough to eat without the sauce.  It's got good solid flavor and there can be a lot of fat on parts of the meat.  The BBQ sauce is a little disappointing.  It's sweet without a whole lot of flavor.  I prefer my BBQ sauce with a lot of herbs to bring out the taste in ribs.  I wasn't sure whether they made their own sauce or not and forgot to ask.The greens were ok, nothing great.  The mac & cheese were absolutely spot on though.  I was amazed.  Tasted just as good as any mac & cheese I had when I lived in the South.  After all this, I was stuffed and willing to come back-which I will.  It's hard to find a real authentic old-fashioned BBQ place that's got real flavor and Vegas' got one.
5	I have driven by this place a few times and finally went last night. The sauce is AWESOME! Had rib tips, catfish, cornbread (unbelievably moist!), fried okra, potato salad, greens and lemonade! Can't wait to go back! Great food, great prices and great jukebox music!
4	the food is great. I'm not a fan of corn bread but theirs is one I can definitely eat!
2	I wanted to like this place, I really did. To an extent, I did. I sampled it during first Friday when they had a dj playing at the door and the owner greeting people. He seemed like a nice guy, and in their menu they boast about giving back to the community on a variety of ways- things i can really get excited about. The restaurant seemed like it was being run by family or friends, with a group of people hanging out in a booth and gossiping about various things. I sampled the ribs with collard greens and mac & cheese. The ribs were salty and tender with a bit of smokey flavor, but weren't outstandingly memorable. The collard greens were bitter and cooked down, while the mac and cheese was alright but nowhere close to my southern grandmother's. The interior of the restaurant isn't very fancy and the beverages come in big foam cups. The bathrooms were locked and when I attempted to use it, I saw a roach scurry across the floor. EEK! :( The roach killed it for me.
2	I really wanted this place to be great.It's in a funky part of town (which all BBQ places should be).The namesake owner is large (every BBQ owner should be large, otherwise he's not eating his own grub).But I'm sad to report that the ribs are tough and stringy. Plus the BBQ sauce is salty rather than sweet, and the joint is kinda depressing.In an effort to find something good to say about a place that I wanted to like, I'll say that the sides were very good. Both the fries, and the mac 'n cheese were delicious.Unfortunately my jaw hurts so much from chewing the meat, I can say no more!
5	Ladies and Gentlemen - Harry O's is good BBQ. Hands down. Good, GOOD stuff.If you know good BBQ and, like us, you're stranded in a place (West Coast) where you're pretty sure most of the yanks around you have no clue what good BBQ is ... your refuge is Harry O's. Let's get down to it shall we? As a BBQ connoisseur who loves Tulsa BBQ over fake a#@ Kansas CIty bs. And who understands the Carolinan's get BBQ. And who knows that a good southern family who can cook some mean BBQ with a dry rub in their backyard beats any commercial hocus pocus out there ... As a BBQ aficionado I was so fricken shocked and happy to have found us some Harry O's. Harry O's is a needle in a haystack. A gem encrusted needle. ++++ LOVE the service. They are nice and attentive people. It's a small family owned feeling kind of business which is a nice break from the vanity of Vegas. ++++ LOVE their fried okra. ++++ LOVE their collard greens.++++ LOVE their bacon baked beans. They really do get how to make good baked beans. Not a lot of places get that.++++ LOVE their dry rubbed ribs. They were just perfect. Nice and dry thin skin layer on the outside and moist, juicy, smoked flavored goodness on the inside. Anyone who knows good BBQ knows not to jack the flavor of the smoked meat up with thick overpowering sauces that give way to stomach indigestion later. Harry O's gets it.++++ LOVE the brisket. Like the ribs it wasn't saturated and slathered in BS sauce. It was moist and chewy and allowed to exude it's own mild flavor on it's own. ++++ LOVE their dry rub. It's a demure and humble flavor. Nothing overpowering but most certainly complimenting to the smoked flavor. ++++ LOVE their corn bread. It's like eating buttery clouds of magic. ++++ LOVE the mac and cheese. It was a proper mix of fluffy cheese and pasta. The flavor was a melty / buttery / mild chedder. Hadn't had mac n' cheese in a decade and loved this stuff.+ Like their sweet tea. No complaints and they're generous with how much they serve you. + Like their sauce. It's on the side so you can have as much or as little as you like. It wasn't an overpowering sauce at all. Had a nice orange flavor to it. Still though, the meat + dry rub is all you need to achieve BBQ bliss. = Neutral about that facade of the business. Actually I like it on foot and the interior because it's not pretentious and you ease into your seat and dig into your food without a care. The shopping center this Harry O's is in though looks like something you should drive right pass and not think about and that's what I am neutral too.And that's it. Harry O's is the first officially delicious, proper southern style BBQ place I've found living on the West Coast. I just wish they were in L.A. now. Go and enjoy! xo
1	We went there on a Friday night around 8pm or so. There was no one else in the place which was nice but I wasn't expecting to have my ears blown off by gangsta rap, either.About 15 minutes after sitting down, we finally had to ask our waiter to turn the music down, which he did. A little.My husband had the ribs which were dry, tough and fatty. I had the rib tips which were bland and very fatty. The greens were well seasoned and tasty, however. The Yelp description lists this place as "quiet" and it certainly wasn't for us. I really wanted to like Harry O's. It's close to home downtown and I would have liked it to be our "go to" place to grab dinner on the way home.Nope. Not even close. And I don't even want to give it another shot.I will say, however, that they do get a small bonus for supporting the downtown community by displaying a poster for Las Vegas Academy's production of Hairspray. See? I can give praise where praise is due.
4	Came across this place when I was driving out of old Vegas with a group of friends. After all that partying and swimming with sharks at the Golden Nugget, we worked up quite an appetite. It became a toss-up between Harry O's and Denny's. The risky unfamiliar vs. old news mediocrity. Tough call.I am so glad to say the we tried Harry O's. It was one of the must unusual dining experiences I have ever had, and it was damn worth it.Our waiter was full of sass, along with his female (i think?) friend who amused us with her  story of getting "white-girl drunk" the night before. Thanks to Harry O's, I now know the definition of that term, I know what authentic hot links with mac & cheese tastes like, and I got major street-cred for playing Three Six Mafia on their jukebox. YES.
5	I stopped by to try Harry O's Bbq. If you are a fan of the rub and not sauced ribs this is a great place.  The meat was very tender and had flavor down to the very last bite. The sauce that they had for the ribs was good to but honestly it didn't need it. Now i did not try any of their sides, so I am thinking I need to go back for a whole meal and try other things. The staff was super nice and very informative about their product!
5	Da bomb! I was in Vegas and tired of the humdrum tastes of casino food! We decided to check out this Bbq joint downtown on the old side! OMG i ordered the fried catfish,fried chicken baked macaroni and cheese and greens!wow! It was super tasty.The seasoning in the greens was awesome.I am sooooo tired of greens without flavor.Harry O, i will definitely be back.
4	I took my family to Harry O's last night.  We drove down to Las Vegas Boulevard from the strip 1/2 to eat and 1/2 to show my 10 year old a seedier part of the world.A Car accident in front of the restaurant provided extra entertainment out side along with a parade of homeless and other people of the night.The waiter had big press on nails, which my son inquired about.Harry O himself came out after the meal and told us some of is secrets.  He only uses mesquite wood to cook, no gas and he has 2, 6-foot barbeques in the back.  It says no alcohol but there was plenty of beer and the table across from us they finished a  1/2-gallon of Absolute while we ate.  I am pretty sure there was discussion about some other down businesses going on, as well.The fried okra you must try.   The ribs were the best in Las Vegas.  The pulled pork was perfect.  The guy obviously knows how to fry things.  The chicken was also very good.  The ambiance was "great" but the smoky barbeque taste made Harry O's an excellent.
1	Maybe I came on the wrong night, maybe I ordered the wrong food, but my trip here was pretty bad.  The service was bad, yet the employees were nice.  I ordered a pulled pork sandwich with the baked beans.  The BBQ sauce looked like "sweet and sour" sauce and it tasted awful, and the baked beans were lukewarm and tasted just as bad.  My initial thoughts of the location were high, I've been to my share of BBQ places, and this is the hole in the wall that most BBQ places worth their salt look like, unfortunately they did not live up to the dive BBQ that I was hoping it would be.  I eventually might head back to give it another try after reading the other reviews, but it will be a while before I venture back.
2	It's closed and has been closed for awhile. Replaced by Viva Las Arepas. Major upgrade.
