5	I've used King Plumbing, Heating and AC twice now. Once for an AC issue and once for a plumbing problem. Both experiences have been wonderful! They arrived on time and figured out the problem quickly and completed in it in the same day. I felt very confident in their work and will definitely use them in the future.
5	Terry and Brandon came out to address a problem today that was left by a previous company (they refused to come back out). They were completely professional, kind and took our concerns very seriously. King fixed the problem and made sure we were satisfied, telling us they would come back out if we had any further concerns. I look forward to using them again.
5	I used Terry from King Plumbing, Heating and AC about 6 months after we bought our house. We needed service done on our heater, AC unit, and garbage disposal. Terry went right to work, got everything done in a few hours, including installing a programmable thermostat. He helped us get full use out of our home warranty plan and cleaned up after everything was done. Highly Recommended!
5	Lane from Kings Plumbing was so great to work with.  He was knowledgeable and very easy to get along with. He gave me straight answers and some helpful tips on preventative maintenance. Awesome guy and hard worker. Thanks KIngs Plumbing!
5	The guys at King AC and Plumbing are the best. They saved me thousands of dollars. I first had my AC unit looked at by one of the big AC companies here in the valley because it was vibrating very badly. I wont name names, but let's just say the original owner's last name is the same as a large South American country where the World Cup is taking place right now. After the big guy's "service tech" failed attempts to convince me that I needed a brand new unit ($5,000), he told me that the blower motor needed to be replaced and would cost $1,300 with some sort of "VIP package". A few days later I saw Brendon with King AC in my neighborhood working on my neighbors unit. It was already pretty late in the evening, but after a quick conversation with Brendon, he gladly climbed on to my roof to take a look at my unit. He came down and said there was an issue with the blower motor but it would be nowhere near the $1,300 I was originally quoted. He also informed me that the other guy that came out never even opened a single panel on my unit to come up with his "expert" diagnosis. The next day I received a call from the owner Terry who told me that the motor was a specialty order part and was quite expensive, but again nowhere near the original amount I was quoted. He also informed me that most likely the motor didn't need to be replaced, but the squirrel cage probably just needed to be cleaned out so it could spin properly. With Terry's advice in hand, I spent a couple of hours that weekend cleaning out the very dirty squirrel cage which was super easy to do and cost me $5 worth of cleaning solution. After I put a couple of panels back on and started up my unit again, the heavy vibration had completely disappeared. Today I had Brendon come out to take a second look over my work and make sure everything else was tip-top. He informed me that my unit needed a couple pounds of Freon and everything else with my dinosaur of a AC unit looked great. Now my unit blows colder than ever and stays on half the time that it used to, which is going to save me a small fortune on my electric bill. I have nothing but compliments for this company and their employees. All around knowledgeable and honest guys. I will never call another company for any of my AC or plumbing needs. I know with King I will receive an truthful recommendation at a good price. No scare tactics, up-selling, or commission based sales. The world needs more genuine people out there who work to help others and not take advantage of them. Thanks King AC!
5	Terry and Jason gave me expert advice on what to do on an old beat up heating unit I had. They were professional and courteous. Installed a brand new top of the line unit within hours of arriving at my house. I had my new heater ready to go that night! Thank you king plumbing!!!!!!
