4	I have to say I've been a fan of America's Taco Shop for as long as I can remember. I frequent the two Central Phoenix locations often and make sure to bring everyone there when they want amazing Al Pastor, Guacamole, or anything else.I opened my mind to this location, it is their first corp freestanding location since Kahala brought them under their umbrella. I was worried, I can't lie. I generally have a closed mind to corp locations but I had to give this a shot given my history. I walked in there ready to say, this is nothing like ******. Instead I walked in and found a familiar face, Terry. This comforted me and brought me back to reality, I was safe and trusted them now.Well I can report that everything tasted exactly how I expected. I got my usual to compare with the new location, Al Pastor Burrito, Guacamole, and a Horchata. It was a 1 for 1, I tasted all the rich flavors that I was accustomed to and I was excited. I now have a location near my work and 2 near my home, see you at lunch!
4	Soda machine was awesome (one of those new ones where there are a ga-zillion flavor options; I mean where else do you find diet fanta orange?) and so was the food.  If you're looking for good portions (ie: Chipotle) this isn't your place.  You pay more for less food than Chipotle.  However, if you're looking for good food (esp carne asada) this place is great for that.  They have combo options and deals that we noticed AFTER sitting down (they weren't obvious and we weren't up-sold by the cashiers).  I think if they promoted the combos where you get a burrito, chips and salsa and a drink--then they'd do better.  Otherwise, ordering a la carte makes it seem like you aren't getting that much food for the price.
4	Great Mexican food. Don't get thrown off by the name- this isn't Americanized gorditos and chalupas. Tasty, flavorful Al Pastor and Carne Asada burritos. Try the corn! It's unique and delicious. On the weekends they have happy hour deals all day, which are a bargain ($1: 7oz beer? $2: 12 oz beer? $3 margarita? YES!) They forgot a few things from our order and we had to remind them to bring them, but other than that overall very pleased with America's. Plus, we paid way less for a full meal than if we had gotten baseball park food.
5	I've seen this place before in Tempe so I was dying to give it a try....oh no, now I have another fast food guilty pleasure :)   Me and my friend both thought the guac was amazing and couldn't stop eating it.. one of the workers even brought us extra chips free of charge and refilled our drinks (did I mention this is a fast food restaurant?).  I had the carne asada torte and it was sooo good.. I keep dreaming about it.. I'll have to go back sooner then later..like tomorrow.
1	I tried the ATC in Tempe and fell in love with the carne asada tacos. After discovering they opened a location near my house I was dying to share this experience with my girlfriend. The staff is unhappy to be there and they messed up our order three times. To make matters worse, about thirty minutes later both my girlfriend and I were racing to the bathroom. we both became ill and I made a call to the manager who simply said; "sorry and we will try not to let this happen in the future".  Unwilling to refund our money, and the sickness this location caused makes this place a big thumbs down. We spent $30 bucks had an upsetting experience and became ill from the meal. This location was more generic then the one I visited in Tempe. The only cool thing about our experience was the soda machine.
2	Meh, I have had way better. Really sterile environment at this location.  Nothing like the 7th  ave location.  Food was bland at best and there was a ton of lettuce inside the quesadilla.  Who puts shredded lettuce inside a quesadilla?  Mmmm lettuce quesadilla.....
4	Solid carne asada. Not quite as good as the one on 7th Street. I think once the grill at this location gets more use and becomes seasoned, it will improve considerably. On the plus side, the soda machine is incredible! Great for a quick lunch if you live in No. Scottsdale.
5	I'm an avid regular at the Tempe location and I'm pleased to report that the food here is just as good, but the location is decked out with that over-the-top Scottsdale flair.
2	Pros: Really cool Soda machine. Very friendly people. Cons: Have yet to get my order correct. Just one request, no caramelized onions.
2	The people are nice, but the food is mediocre.
5	Ordered the following items: 1 Al Pastor Taco, 1 Carne Asada Taco, 1 Al Pastor Quesadilla and 1 Carne Asada Burrito. Also got the Cochatta drink.Al Pastor items:Great flavor and seasoning on the meat and the addition of grilled pineapple really perked up the dish. Food was not greasy or overbearing fatty. very very good.Carne Asada: I have eaten Carne Asada at many many restaurants and this was some of the best. Smoky flavor but still juicy and not dry. I am sure that as the grill seasons over time this Carne Asada will get even betterCochatta: Mixture of ice coffee and Horchata. Cuts the acidity of the coffee and adds a nice sweet cinnamon flavor without being overbearing. Great Drink.Overall I was impressed with the online ordering system, speed of food construction, and taste of the food. This place has replaced Chipotle and Fillaburtos as our quick Mexican food place of choice.
4	Always a great time at americas. Food is quality and staff is friendly. I prefer the carne asada burritos but you can't really go wrong with anything on the menu! Online ordering only makes the experience easier!
4	America...the beautiful. Ok...America the Delicious!Ordered the al pastor burrito w/ spicy chips & salsa. Also got one of the corn on the cobs. It was fantastic, but the corn is really the only thing that I dream about. Several nights ago, I woke up in a cold sweat. Why? Well, it was because in that horrible nightmare, the only thing that happened on 12/21/12 was the end of corn...cornmageddon is what Conan O'Brien called it (Jay Leno quickly claimed the phrase as his own)...and since I'm a Cornhusker, it was a really traumatic vision, made worse that I knew deep down that I would never again have one of America's delicious, succulent cobs of heavenly goodness, those sweet sweet ears would be no more. *boo hoo* Today, I made a decision to sell everything I own and start stockpiling. We're only 2 months away from the end of the world as we know it, don't just sit there, do something about it. Go order the corn!
5	America's Taco Shop likes to call itself the "Home of the Greatest Carne Asada".  The original restaurant on 7th Street, use to include "in the Valley" but I guess they're thinking bigger now, which is good.In some Mexican restaurants, ambiance is everything.  Here it's just one more thing that makes you want to come back and enjoy their fresh food!  This restaurant is hard not to like.  When you come in, you feel as if you left a beach in Mexico (see photos), or SoCal. There are hardwood floors and a surfer feel to it.What can I say?  In America's Taco Shop, it's all about the Carne Asade!  Whether you order the Burrito, or the Quesadillas, what you will get is a home made flour tortilla filled with flavor,  We ordered both, along with their Trio of Tortilla chips, Salsa and Guacomole, and a soft drink and a Horchata.  If you haven't tried a horchata drink, try it here.  It's a mixture of rice milk and cinnamon with a hint of vanilla, and it's out of this world.The food came out piece meal, with the chip Trio coming first.  The salsa had a little kick to it, but it wasn't too spicy.  The guacamole was tasty and well mixed, not chunky as in some places.  Just as we were starting to make a dent, out came the rest of the food.  The tortillas on the quesadilla and burrito were both flaky and fresh.  There was a fair amount of pico de gallo and guacomole, along with some caramelized onions that mixed well with the carne asada.  Each did not overwhelm the other and it produced  a nice layering effect.  Very tasty!The bill came to around $22 bucks, including tax and a couple bucks for the tip jar.  As we were leaving, we noticed that they had the Mexican delicacy of corn on the cob, brushed with mayo, cotija cheese and served on a stick.  Wow!  Horchata and fresh corn, what does that tell you about how authentic a Mexican restaurant America's Taco Shop is?Keep in mind that ATS has a Happy Hour which runs M-F from 3-6pm and all day Saturday and Sunday -- which has many items for $1, $2, and $3, including a 16 oz. Margaita, as well as a Tres Amigos Tequila for $3.00.  You can also sign up for their eClub and get their Trio for free.We left stuffed, with our taste buds tingling for more.  Well, until next time then.Very impressive, watch out Chipotle!
5	Super good food, great service, nice clean place.  Happy Hour prices on the weekend are awesome!!  I hope this location stays put, it's super yummy!
3	American Taco!Please come to meee!American Taco!Papas let me bee!Don't come hangin around my plateI wanna see you in my belly not my face!(American Woman Lyrics)America's Taco Shop is actually named after a woman named America; not our country America.  America Corrales and her husband created this popular chain restaurant in several states and luckily Phoenix was one of them.  Voted best Phoenix Mexican food by Phoenix Magazine in 2011, this Taco shop definitely has a reputation of providing some pop and zing!I ordered the Al Pastor Vampiros while my sister ordered the Carne Asada burritos.  The vampiros were marinated in a sauce that reminded me of the Chinese BBQ pork, yeah pretty weird, but overall I didn't think it was the kind of vampiros I was thinking about.  I thought it filled my belly that's about it.  My sister really likes the food here and her burrito was very good in her opinion.  We ordered a side of chips and salsa along with our food.  I had to add some extra spice to get some kick in the salsa.  America's Taco Shop is home cooked recipes at a fast food pace.  Thus, you ordered at the counter and the food is brought out.  You can also place your orders online, which I thought was pretty cool.  The place itself is a dive and diner feel with a modern gloss.  One thing brought to my mind; stainless steel.  Like a modern kitchen this place is covered with stainless steel!  I would say overall experience of this place is good.  I didn't really love it, but I would definitely come back because of its unique twist to Mexican food that I'm usually accustomed to. - Enjoy!
1	There is no option to give zero or negative star rating. We have eaten at the 7th location and lost our minds at how great the food was. Found it from some vlogger's post on his quest for perfect taco. And they were perfect!We moved and now this location is closer. Finally had time to try it tonight. Another reviewer has it correct, a sterile environment. You could tell me I was in a Subway, and I'd believe you. The table layout is awkward and we couldn't find a comfortable place to relax. Opted for the bar seating. I don't often order fountain drinks... their way cool machine looks great, but the mix is off. My soda was not flat, but just tasted funky. It took forever to get our food. A regular burrito al pastor, a taco al pastor and a carne asana taco. Not the most complex things to slap together. The burrito, the $6 burrito, was smaller then a Taco Bell bean and cheese burro. The two tacos, cheaper than burro we're both bigger. The meat in all three was cold. I'm talking chilly. No, it was not from the cold topping, it was flat out, against health code cold! Took two bite of burro and realized it was half gone, felt stupid. So, got the guts to go back to register and ask for something else. The cashier had nothing but excuses. "We portion control" "Meat is cold from the toppings" "Do you have your receipt?" I guess because it took 20 minutes to get food, they could have forgotten we were recently up there....Then asked if I wanted something else or money back. I opted for money back. No offer of a substitute on the house. No apology. Finally, one of the employees came out to inquire about our little food complaint. He did ask if we wanted something else, or a taco for the road. He offered an explanation (another excuse or explanation....) they were training a new person, that's why it was cold. Okay. Whatever. Sooooo very disappointing. Not America's best. Sad sad sad.
4	I've heard so much about this place and finally went during lunch one day when a coworker suggested it. I asked her what she normally got and followed suit in ordering a cochata (horchata with coffee) and a chicken vampiro. A vampiro is kind of like an open faced taco. Super messy to eat but delicious. Don't let its size fool you. I was definitely full after one. I really wanted to like the cochata but the cinnamon in it gave it a really rough texture. It was kind of like drinking sand. We went back another time and my friend got the plain horchata and said that it had the same texture. I got a chicken taco the next time and wasn't really impressed. The America's corn on the other hand is awesome, highly recommended. There's really no graceful way to eat it without looking like a slob. I chose to cut the kernels off with a knife to avoid a huge mess. I could go back just for that. Apparently they're really well known for their carne asadas but I have yet to try it. Maybe I'll try a quesadilla next. The restaurant is super small. During lunch, our food came out before we even grabbed a table. Also, it's not really a good location for groups. All the tables in side are 2 seaters minus a booth set-up in the front. I wish they had a heater for the outside too since people are forced to sit outside when it's cold out.
4	Been here a couple of times when I've been in the neighborhood. Food is terrific, love the corn rolled in cheese. Tacos are generous and tasty. Grab a cold Mexican coke and enjoy!
5	The best carne asada in town... my mouth waters every time I think about the carne asada burrito. This is a great little place to get a snack or lunch. Good prices and great food.
4	Stumbled on this place after taking the wrong exit off the 101.  The carne asada is amazing & the pricing is extremely fair.  Two tacos (full size, not street size), chips & salsa, and a beer for under $10!  I'll be frequenting here often.
5	I'm glad this place is not closer to my house or i'd be there way too much.  The chorizo breakfast burrito is awesome, Carne Asada tacos are also really good, and the horchata was tasty.  Restaurant is very clean, and service is good.
5	1st time here....2 beers, 2 street tacos, chips and guac...only $8.72!!! Super friendly and great tasting. Definitely recommend!
4	A few colleagues at work told me about this place.  After hearing about it for several months, I decided to give it a try.  I'm glad I did.  They have FREE WiFi here, which surprised me.  They also have patio seating and one of those new Coke machines that has a ton of flavors....the kind that you find in Five Guys Burgers.  I like those machines because you can get a variety of Coke Zero flavors.  I love Coke Zero, but it's damn hard to find in restaurants.Some items I've sampled here:Bean and Cheese Burrito, Regular $3.35http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/americas-taco-shop-scottsdale?select=0JU25g8PgSIPYiZxDdjbAw#0JU25g8PgSIPYiZxDdjbAwAl Pastor Burrito, Regular $5.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/americas-taco-shop-scottsdale?select=O8QF__8FWHj6MODZax5duA#O8QF__8FWHj6MODZax5duACarne Asada Burrito, Large $7.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/americas-taco-shop-scottsdale?select=VAyveM7JLoJRRBBXZbVWMg#VAyveM7JLoJRRBBXZbVWMgThe Bean & Cheese Burrito is fantastic....easily one of the best I've ever had.  I think it's because they make it Lard-Free.  Also, the Cheese they put in the Burrito is addicting....I don't know what it is, but it's got me good.The Al Pastor Burrito has a unique taste to it.  It's unlike any Al Pastor I've ever had.  It's a lot drier than I'm used to and it's kind of crunchy....I wonder if they grill or fry it before they put in in the Burrito?  It's definitely unique and good, but don't expect a traditional Al Pastor if you order it otherwise you might be disappointed.The Carne Asada Burrito was just average to me.  I was expecting more from it, but it just didn't blow me away.  I might have to give it another try just to make sure, but I can't stop ordering the Bean & Cheese or Al Pastor Burritos, so I don't know if I will give it a 2nd chance....LOLThey have a variety of bottled Hot Sauce options on the table, but lack a Salsa bar....wish they had that.  The bottled Hot Sauce options are very good though.  The green stuff will kick your heiny, but is very good.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/americas-taco-shop-scottsdale?select=GlYesCsPJSqwBgVlsx1vLQ#GlYesCsPJSqwBgVlsx1vLQReturn Factor - 95%
2	Came here for a taco, quesadilla, and margarita.  The cashier said we're out of margaritas until Monday.  Unfortunately, she didn't think it was that big of a deal.  I decided to leave, based on her response.  Rating is not reflective of the food, because I've eaten at another location and it was good that time.  Unfortunately, I was just very disappointed with the service at this location.
4	A friend took me here a few weeks ago. I think I have been back 6 times. Their carne asada is awesome, as good as you can get in town. Their "Al Pastor" is the shaved rotisserie thing they have. Also delicious. The people who work there are also extremely friendly and literate too. :)I'm a regular there now.
5	Awesome street tacos. Fresh guac. Fresh margs.  Can it get any better? Is this really fast food? Never in my life would I have ever thought I would choose carne asada over al pastor but - well - I guess things change. Honestly, I'm still a bit more than amazed by my experiences here. Nicely done America!
4	Went here on the suggestion from Georgie M, a fellow yelper..   Man was he right.. these Taco's and Quesadilla's are great !   The El Pastor Quesadilla I had was very tasty.. not overwhelming.. not your normal "mexican food".    fresh ingredients with limes and vegetables...  REAL "Street Style" Mexican Food...  not something smothered in cheese and a flag stuck in it.   Happy Hour to boot.  The store was nicely decorated and very clean.  open kitchen so you can see your food being prepared..  The quac and salsa was wonderful.   You want some real mexcian food at a great price and a cold pacifico to go with it.. here's your spot.   interesting location too.. easy to find.. right off the 101 in a little strip mall.  This is an amazing success story and their story is right on the wall..
4	Tried this place after many recomendations. Not too bad. Had the carne Asda tacos. Tacos were good, loaded grilled beef on corn tortillas with a little onion and gaucamole. Wanted a side of chips and gaucamole, however be warned they only have one option available that is an 8oz serving with chips for about $6. A little pricey, but tasty.Store was busy, however server was extremely friendly and explained the menu as it was my first time.
5	Amazing staff! Always helpful even when they are packed! The food isn't exactly authentic but it is delicious!
4	The food was delicious.  Some of the best guacamole I've had. I think everything else is a bit pricey for what you receive portionwise but it is yummy.
1	Should've known by the name America that this place was not going to be good. Not traditional at all skip this place.
5	First of all, I would like to thank Georgie for making this recommendation. I would have never found this place. I came here after a workout and was excited to try this place. Based on all the yelp reviews I ordered the carne asada burrito and quesadilla. My wife ordered the Al Pastor burrito. Everyone was right the carne asada burrito was so good. I usually will not eat onions but everything in the burrito was so good. I gave my wife a bit of my burrito and she wanted to switch cause it was so good. She couldn't stop eating it. The Al Pastor burrito was good and I thought the mango brought a real sweet taste to it. The carne asada quesadilla was really good. I think anything with carne asada is just outstanding. I wasn't disappointed at all. This is one of my top spots. All those other Mexican restaurants, look out cause this is one of the best with really good prices.
5	I loved the chicken burrito!! It was the best! It was one of the best burritos I've ever had! The restaurant was clean and the staff was very respectful. The new soda machine was cool and different! Their freshly brewed iced tea is worth trying! Mix it with lemonade and dump a lot of sugar and sweetener in it. I think it's better than chipotle.
5	Awesome food and great service!'
5	I really like this place and try to eat there when I can.  It's Mexican food that is not drenched in cheese.  They also have Mexican Coke, which is the perfect drink with the tacos or the Al Pastor.  The flavors are delicious.I recommend it to you.  Have also eaten the one on 7th Street and it's good.
5	America's is awesome!  This place is no joke.  My favorites are the Carne Asada, Al Pastor, Bean & Cheese Burrito, and America's Corn.  Everyone I have told about this place loves it...
3	Personally love the food however it take forever! I will generally call in my orders early and even when I get their I have to wait another 10-15 minutes.
2	What the heck are all you guys raving about? This place is okay.. Meat is tender that's about it. Tacos lack flavor and heat.. Two major parts.. I don't know what food you are comparing this to. I read lots of good yelps so decided to try this place. Had it the first time and thought it was a little bland. Now just took my girl here and got a few things to try more on menu.  And all I can say it was not gross but far from a good taco let alone best in phx
5	Great mexican food at great prices.  Happy Hour specials all weekend long - try the chicken (or beef or pork) quesadilla for $3, it is flavorful and delicious!  Margaritas only $3; husband and I enjoyed one out on the patio watching the beautiful AZ sunset on a Sunday evening.  Salsa has quite a bite, not that mild stuff like some other dumbed down mexican restaurants nearby.  Staff is super friendly and helpful explaining the menu.   Possibly the 5 star rating is a tad high, but I thought I had to even out the score after that last dweeb who posted an undeserved 2 stars.
3	Decent deals during all day happy Hour on Sunday. The $3 quesadilla was normal size and stuffed with mostly decent carne asada, but not perfect. The $1 ear of corn on a stick was slathered in mayo, which might have been better to eat in-house, than to-go when it was wrapped in tin-foil. It was average and then I had the chips and small guacamole for $2. Both of those items were successful. The guacamole was fresh and a good version.
5	This is my daughter's favorite bean and cheese burrito EVER! I really love the carne asada, and the Al Pastor is also quite good. During happy hour, I can feed my daughter before play practice for $1.08, and she LOVES it. Great deal, simple good food. Highly recommend if that is what you are looking for.
4	I had the carne asada burrito, it was really good. It was the perfect size for me, the meat was juicy and delish, tortilla was the perfect texture. People working there were very nice. I'll definitely be back for more.(:
2	Me and my friends decided to try this place out due to all the great yelp reviews, but I was disappointed.  I got the carne asada tacos and chicken tacos, which were a $1 each because it was happy hour, and they tasted ok.  The food is very generic like a chain Mexican restaurant something like Baja Fresh,  The service was great and the place is pretty nice.  Just the food was average and wasn't satisfying.
5	Outstanding burritos! Just happened upon America's Taco Place when on our way to Butterfly Wonderland (2 minutes away). Sure glad we did. Restaurant is super clean and modern, and staff were very friendly. The food was excellent!!
3	Very commercial. A lot like a Baja Fresh or chipotle. Not bad though. Food was decent
5	great!!!
5	Excellent flavor and value for the price. Here for a 24 hour layover and strongly considering coming back tonight for dinner! Wish there was one in Texas.
4	Love this spot! A little pricey for a quick lunch, but other then that, I am always pleased with the food and service!
5	LOVE the carne asada tacos, which come in corn tortillas and are served with guacamole, caramelized onions and lettuce. I usually order three, and after my second I start to think maybe my eyes were bigger than my stomach, but then I polish the third off anyway. The guacamole is awesome -- I split an order of chips and guac, and between our meals and that as a side, it was too much. So, I took the guacamole back to the office, and it was still great the next day.
5	If you're tired of long lines at Chipotle, head down the road to America's Taco Shop! Excellent food and lots of menu options. Staff is very friendly!
3	Bean & Cheese Burrito is a winner here, as are the breakfast burritos in the morning.  Service is fairly fast and there's ample parking at this location.A few gripes...  1.  None of the salsas are "hot".  Not even the "extra hot" one.  They need to rename those, or actually make them at least a little bit hot.2.  The chips & salsa ratio is seriously way off.  Few chips with a rather large salsa portion. 3.  The miniature salsa portion with the burritos is a joke, especially since chips do not come with the burrito like they do at some alternative places like Rubios and such.  Even if someone wanted to dip their burrito into the miniature cup, it is too small, and the portion is too small to be of much use for gently adding it to one's burrito as it is eaten.4.  Adding onto #3 above, why not just add chips to the burrito order so the salsa isn't so lonely, or take away the salsa and drop the prices by 20 cents or so?
1	Worst Mexican food in Scottsdale. Went to try this place with a friend and saw great reviews. Walked in and was pleasantly surprised that the shop was clean and trendy. Ordered a carne asada burrito and a quesadilla and my friend did the same. After modifying my burrito order the manager mocked me by stating that I had taken all the flavor out of my food. As a native Arizonan I know what good Mexican food is and what flavors I want. Immediately dropped this place a star for bad customer service.Next after a 20 minute wait we got our order and asked for salsa. They were reluctant to give more than 1 sauce without more pushing from me for more sauce.Drive home to find they left half our order out. Had to drive back to get my order in full that they charged me for. They did NOTHING to compensate me for my time and their error. In a competitive market for Mexican food attention to detail counts and they FAIL! Never going back, save your money the food was average!
1	Hands down the worst Mexican food I have had in Arizona (lived here for 27 years). The service was slow and unhelpful, the prices were way too high for the amount of food that you got, and to top it off they sent me home with the wrong order!! After calling the restaurant to share my frustration, all I got back was a "oh, ok." No apologies and nothing to make up the 10 minute drive back. The food taste was below average as well. My carne asada burrito had almost no guac inside of it and the meat was burned to a char. I tasted nothing but tortilla and burned meat. An order of chips and guac will get you a handful of chips that would probably satisfy a 4 year old. Don't even get me started on the chicken quesadilla I ordered. There was no cheese in it!! huh!? Just chicken and bread with sprinkles of cheese. Unbelievable! After coming back to pick up the food that they had forgotten, I asked for some extra salsa. The worker at the counter hesitated and reluctantly handed me 1 small side salsa that is good enough for 3 chips. Let me sum up this entire review for you. Service is below average, the prices are way too high, and on top of it the food is horrible. Save yourself and go anywhere else for some Mexican food.
2	Not authentic mexican food as advertise, disappointed.Burn beef, hard to bite commercial flour tortilla, nothing to be excited about, maybe the only mexican is the owner, sad.
3	the price is not equal to the size...after finished the meal, i still felt hugry :(
2	Not impressed at all.  From what I hear is that each America's Taco Shop is individually owned and each one is a new experienced.  My girlfriend told me about the one they go to in Tempe and had raved how great it was.  Today we went to this location.We walk in and scan the menu and notice... no tacos... Their digital menu wasnt working right and was still showing the breakfast menu.  The girl didnt offer any paper menus, because they didnt have any.  What eatery (besides fastfood) doesn't have a menu??)We ordered the guacamole trio with chips and a few tacos.  The meat was pretty dry on the tacos and if it wasn't for the ton of salsa and guac, they would have been pretty bland.  Spending $30 for lunch, I was not happy.  The only thing that made it two stars was that they had happy hour and we got a few tiny $1 burros.. they were hot with cheese and were ok.  Won't be coming back here.
4	I don't care if it's a chain - America's is fantastic.First off, they have beer, margaritas, and tequila. That's great.Secondly, they're fast.  Like, bring a group for lunch at 12:00 and get back with time to spare before your 1:00 meeting.Third, they're friendly and helpful.  Don't get me wrong, if you go in there like a big fat jerk and start complaining about things, I hope they punch you in the throat, but if you place your order with a smile, they take it with a smile, and check in you while you're eating to make sure you don't need salsas or chips, and get your garbage out of your way.Finally, the food is pretty good.  Incredible?  No.  But tasty and fresh, and they don't charge you an arm and a leg.  I get a burrito, chips, and salsa, and spend about $6.
3	Customer service what friendly and helpful. The portions could have been a little bigger and the spicy salsa could have been "spicy". Over all it was a nice little place.
4	I used to frequent the downtown 7th avenue location but then I moved across town. Much to my surprise they opened one down the street from me on Via de Ventura. I love the Pastor burrito. The meat is slow cooked and marinated, they add pineapple to the burrito and a guacamole concoction that's really tasty.  The Carne is good here too. Not quite the same downtown vibe as the 7th ave location (more modern and sterile) but same friendly service and great food. The chips and salsa are good as well. The other night, they ran out of pastor meat due to a late night rush, the employee was gracious and gave me some free taco coupons for my next visit. Lunch time can be pretty busy here (noon to 1pm) other than that - service is fast.  My only complaint is the soda machine is one of those new computerized versions with hundreds of flavors - the soda's never taste good from these machines.  I'd suggest the owners ditch the new wave machine and go old school with a regular soda fountain.
3	Can't go wrong with the large breakfast carne asada burrito.  (Spicy )  SO damn good every to time!Also, great customer service at this location.  Sometimes a bit understaffed it seems, but their food and friendliness make up for the wait.
4	I have lived in N. Scottsdale for over a year now and recently realized two things. 1) America's had a N. Scottsdale location and 2) how close this location was to my house. This was lucky for me since I was craving a chorizo breakfast burrito and ATS serves breakfast burritos all day. I called to place my order and they said it would be ready in 15 minutes. I hopped in my car and was on my way. The restaurant is located right off the 101 on Via de Ventura nestled next to a gas station/car wash and a few other businesses. There is ample parking outside and plenty of seating inside. Additionally, there is a tiny patio in the front.Since my first order, I have been back a few times and every time (usually between 8am - 11am) the place is dead. (Maybe one other customer either placing an order or just arriving as I was leaving.) I know they have Happy Hour, but I've never experienced it. Maybe it livens up for a lunch rush or dinner? Either way, the employees have always been nice and my order has always been correct and ready in the time allotted. Overall, they have great breakfast burritos. My husband liked their tacos but they didn't pack them to-go very well. (Three tacos inside one foil wrapper make squished/messy tacos.) I'll definitely be back and maybe one day try their Happy Hour.
5	First time going to America's TS. Really enjoyed it. Employees were nice & helpful. Food was really good. Salsa's are not very spicy (which was fine by me). I also enjoy that they have the "cool" soda fountain with lots of different flavors. Definitely will add it to a place I'll frequent.
2	We had bad experience. The burritos were cold on the inside and the soda machine was not calibrated correctly. I would skip this one.
1	Food quality has gone down. Ordered a pastor burrito and there was a small amount of meat with mouthfuls of tortilla. This place used to be excellent now there portions are half the size. Also the burrito had big chunks of fat in it.
3	Very convenient location right at the 101 in a little commercial area next to a gas station.  Can be busy at peak lunch time.  Breakfast all day too.  Reasonably priced, rather "gringo" Mexican food (perhaps the name was intentional for this reason).  The spicy salsa isn't at all spicy, which is just silly to me.
4	I could eat Mexican food for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Oh wait, I usually do as green chile is my all-purpose condiment.  Unfortunately, the pickings in Scottsdale are slim.  So I was thrilled when ATS opened a location here, two in fact!  My husband favors this location over Old Town, although it is closer and we've never eaten there to begin with!  Regardless, this location is just fine and they have Mexican Coke in 16 oz bottles!I usually get tacos because in my mind, corn tortillas over flour erase the calories in the tub of guacamole and large quantities of chips I will also be consuming.  I really like the carne asada, and the chicken is okay, too.  But the Al Pastor is my favorite by a landslide.  So much so that I have to remove a star for not having it on a Saturday afternoon.  I guess it's everyone else's favorite, too.  However, when almost your entire menu is built off of only beef, pork, or chicken, running out of one is kind of a big deal in my book.  But it's so good, I'll come back again and again!
4	Damn good!  The guac is a bit on the expensive side but very tasty.  All of the tacos and breakfast burritos that I have had there are very tasty. This place is legit.
2	Foods pretty good, a little over priced. They have a happy hour where a few things are a little cheaper but they keep switching it around and it's not posted so hard to follow and bad business if you ask me. I think they just keep switching it around to throw you off, very annoying.
4	I eat here at least once a week, the selection isn't huge but the food is always delicious. Can't go wrong with a large carne asada burrito. Staff is always very friendly and helpful. Great spot. My only gripe is I wish they had a larger selection of salsa. Nothing is spicy enough!
2	Blah nothing special carne tacos bland. Was fresh but not much flavor. Chicken burritos same reaction blah fresh but lacking flavor.
2	Staff was Great... But, the food not as tasty (tacos/burritos - it had no flavor unless you put hot sauce on everything) & to me, it was not authentic as the store down University.
1	Just left this place, By far the worst burrito I have ever had. I tried the El pastor burrito and it just tasted like leftovers. Leftover meat, leftover salad, leftover pineapples, it was pretty gross I didn't even finish the whole thing. Also, it's pretty pricey for the quality of the food, $6 for a burrito that's smaller than the average Taco Bell bean burrito? I don't think so, I won't be returning.
2	Taco Tueaday... Cool, clean taco shop'ish atmosphere - good for those who are skittish of your typical taco 'slop shops'.  Had two Carne Asada, one chicken and one Al Pastor. Though all were fairly unremarkable the chicken and Carne Asada were by far my least favorite. Very bland. Bummed as a good buddy highly recommended. Probably won't return.
2	They were off their game! Took 40 minutes to get our food.  Tables were dirty, customers were unhappy, food was so-so.  Just lots of little things that really built up and made for an unpleasent visit, will be hard to return anytime soon.
1	Skimpy tacos and only OK salsa, combined with the fact that an employee used the bathroom and resumed behind the counter without a hand-washing, made this the worst America's experience I have ever had. The only redeeming quality were the chips, until we got to the bottom of the basket and found a hair!
1	The service here is disgusting! Spent over an hour waiting for my food. Just to find out the cashier never placed my order to the cooks! All they did for me was give me a cheap apology. I will never come back!
3	Not sure why this restaurant is rated as highly as it is but I thought it was just okay. While the service was decent...the food was mediocre at best. I had the Chicken Quesadilla and the portions were definitely smaller than I thought. Not only that but the food was nothing special at all. After I was finished I decided to try a taco and while that was better, it's just not enough for me to come back to the restaurant. With so many other Mexican restaurants in the Phoenix metro area I doubt that I will be back.
