4	I like AAA here for their quick (with an appointment) $20.71 out-the-door oil change + free comprehensive check of the car.  Beyond that, this shop is clean, the staff members are bright & friendly, do the work on time, offer free shuttle service to drop you off at home & pick you  up, & there's good free coffee in the comfortable waiting area.Ok, the big deal here right now is this:  My "Check Engine" light has been stuck "on" for a long time.  I took the car to Bogi at 180 Degrees a while back & she & her crew spent a long time on the car & they were unable to fix it.  Then I took it to the dealer for my brand, Courtesy Chevrolet on Camelback.  They also spent a lot of time on the car, did a lot of things, charged me a lot of money, & couldn't fix the problem.  By this time, ALL the emission control valves, solenoids, & so on had been replaced & much more.     :-OSO here at AAA, they told me, "we can fix it, guaranteed, period, for a maximum labor charge of 2 hours...  less if it doesn't take him that long."  (What a great attitude!)Well, it turned out to be a very challenging problem of tiny air leaks, hoses attached to the wrong places (at least by the time the car got to these guys), & more.  It took the tech 3 days of testing & so on, but he said he would keep working until he DID solve all the problems, & he did!  They kept their word on the price quote, too!Now these guys DO charge what I would call 'full price' for repair work (More than Moreno's for instance), but if you're an Auto Club member you get a 10% discount on labor, which helps a little.
1	Terrible customer service. Went in one day, turned away but made an appointment for a week later. Showed up at 10:45 A.M. for an 11 A.M. appointment. All I needed was an oil change and for them to run a "Check Engine" diagnostic. They told me "45 minutes to an hour." Returned at 1:30 P.M., over 2 hours after I dropped it off and they hadn't even pulled the truck into the bay. They're response "Sorry. You can make another appointment." Are you serious????
5	This auto shop has consistently given me good, honest service. Whenever I'd have a problem, I'd always get ripped off anywhere else. But this shop always levels with me and tries to get me the best deal possible. Today, a problem that could have potentially cost me hundreds of dollars by being misdiagnosed, ended up only costing me $27 with the help of Clark Range! I'd recommend this shop to anyone!
2	I was driving through on a long trip to California and had some handling problems. They replaced the rear shocks but that was not the problem. When I got to LA, still with the same problem, I went to another place and they replaced the front struts: no more problem. When I called AAA, the guy told me they would make things right, but never heard back from him or his boss after 2-3 calls and a letter by mail.
4	Had the pleasure of using AAA Auto Repair today. I took my car there for basic service (Lube and Oil) and they completed the service in a timely manner. The only reason I did not give them a 5 star rating is because of their professionalism. They seemed extremely disorganized with orders and verbally displayed this in front of waiting customers. Overall, I would definitely recommend this business to a friend. I will update with any future experiences.
4	I have been going here for a few years now, and I have always been treated politely and kindly. The service has always been performed in a timely manner. They have always have been fair about discussing additional services I could benefit from. The waiting area is clean and comfortable. I will continue to use Jiffy Lube for my maintenance needs.
5	I'm not sure where some of these reviewers normally take their cars for routine maintenance and repairs.. but it must not be a quality place... if you think that the prices here are high or out of line, then you have been living in Hooterville too long.  I thought the prices were great... AAA even had coupons on their site..  The staff were all very attentive and took the time to understand my problem and listen to my feedback on what needs to be done.. I found the price I paid today was very reasonable.. Hell... they even shuttled me home and picked me back up again!
5	The maintenance minder in my car told me that a B1 service (oil & filter change, tire rotation, and multi-point visual check) was due so I called for an appointment and brought the car in at the scheduled time. The people at the office were very friendly and gave me an estimate for the service, which was a bit lower than the price I paid for the last B1 service at another place, and I gave them the go-ahead. I figured, though, that the multi-point inspection would catch something (the car was making some unusual noises around the wheel areas in the weeks before, especially during deceleration). Indeed, after a short while I was told that the brake pads were almost totally worn out - not surprising, since at a previous service I was told that I should have the brake pads replaced soon. They gave me a new estimate which was very reasonable, and I gave them the go ahead again. They told me it would take a bit over an hour, so I walked a block away to Tokyo Express (my next review after this)  for lunch. Shortly after I returned, the car was ready and it now drives smoothly and quietly. I'm one very satisfied customer.
1	Don't take their word for it when they tell you what's wrong with your car. I am a AAA member, so when my car broke down recently I let them tow it to their own facility. However, when they called with the estimate, I was a little nervous because it didn't seem like they knew what they were talking about, so I made a few other phone calls. Specifically, one of the things they wanted to replace was the cam sensor, because it was oil-soaked. My first red flag came when I called another place and they told me that because that sensor is right next to the cam shaft, it's supposed to be oil-soaked. After checking it out with a few other places, I ended up taking my car to the dealership and having it fixed for $500 less than AAA wanted and without having extra, unnecessary work done.I'll stay a AAA member for the towing, but this is not a place I can recommend.
4	Make sure you ask for Clark! I had a window regulator break on me recently, and when I called Honda for an estimate, they said they could get it done in "a couple of hours for around $350". When I called AAA for a quote based on a recommendation from a friend, Clark quoted me an exact price and told me it would be an hour and a half repair if I brought it in before 1 pm that day. So I showed up at 1, his tech started working immediately, and Clark even brought out the broken part to show me. It was done before 2:15 and cost less than what he quoted me. I'm not sure how AAA does with engine issues or oil changes, as this was my first visit and I already knew what my issue was, but I certainly appreciated the very quick service and specific, honest quote.
5	I called AAA on Monday morning after having challenges with starting my 2008 Infiniti M35s over the weekend.  Pete took my call and said to bring my car in at anytime in the morning for them to perform a free battery diagnostic.  My hope was that it was just the battery and not the alternator or starter.  Pete and the AAA team were fast, courteous and professional.  They have earned a new customer and I feel confidant with AAA standing behind them!
5	Clark was wonderful.  He helped me make sure that all of the repairs covered under my warrantee were done.  checked out the my car to see what else need to be done and made reasonable suggestions without being pushy.  He also talked to me about where to renew my warrantee as it expires in 1500 miles.  He even helped me set up the AAA app on my phone so that I always have my card with me.
5	After a disastrous situation at Midas where the unnecessary repairs just kept adding up, I was referred to this AAA Auto Repair by a friend. The manager named Clark was so kind and honest with me, I couldn't believe it. (I think he took pity on me because he knew I'd just been ripped off $900 at Midas.)I will definitely go back to this AAA Auto Repair.
5	I have used AAA auto shop the last three times I've needed service work and all three times was extremely impressed. Not only is their work high quality, but it's also done in a very timely fashion. I just had my alternator replaced and couldn't get there until a little after close and Clark offered to stay late just for me....on Christmas eve!  If you want quality work finished in a timely manner with a kind and honest staff, then this is the place to go. Thank you Clark and everyone at AAA!!! Merry Christmas:)
5	The manager was cheerful and easy going as he listened to my tail of the computer lights that had come on.  He took a hand held computer out to my Toyota and gave it a reading.  He told me I had 2 vacuum leaks but that I might be able to cure it by going to the dealership and buying a gas cap.  He charged me nothing, reset the warning lights and said that if they came back on before or after the new gas cap, he'd reset them Again!  He also promised to help me apply the new cap if I needed it.  What a sweetheart!  I thanked him and told him that I'd be back when I had my next carnundrom!
5	I have been going here for regular auto maintenance for several years. The manager, Clark, is really helpful and trustworthy. There is a discount for AAA members. I will definitely keep going back to this AAA Auto Service Shop.
5	I have had work done on my car twice at the Camelback and 10th St location.  I cannot say enough good things about them.  From the first phone call to the last Clark is an exceptional service person.  He knows me by sight now and it makes you feel good to know your not the '13 Buick but your name.  The shuttle drivers were very prompt and friendly.  It is a blessing to have this feature when you live on your own. Jarred has been my mechanic both times and i even came right back this last visit because i had a concern.  He stopped working, pulled my car back in the bay and had me on my way 15 minutes later.  I had used a shop previously to this and they not only did not fix my problem, they did 857.00 of unecessary work.  I won't make that mistake again.
5	Simply the best. Saved me over $5,000 in repairs that were not needed.  This is the place to trust.
5	First time will not be my last time!  From Clark's great customer service, finding me discounts and sending the shuttle to take me to work to Travis calling to keep me updated on the progress of the repairs and what needed to be done and what could wait, it was a great experience!  Car was ready when promised at quoted price.  I couldn't be happier!  Thanks guys!
5	I moved to the Phoenix area in Jan 2013.  The first night here, one of my spark plugs totally blew out.  As I am a AAA member, I was towed to the Camelback location.  They fixed the problem the next business day and I've been going back to them ever since.  Both my son and I use this AAA Auto shop for our regular oil changes.  The inspection that comes with the oil changes keeps my mind at ease because the mechanic has already learned my vehicle and will be able to spot any changes.  Everyone there is polite and helpful!  The bays are clean and orderly, something I specifically look for in a shop.  I have recommended this shop to everyone I know.
1	Yes, Clark is a nice guy. I would not say he is a jerk, by any means. He is a totally cool guy who I would probably be friends with if I didn't hate AAA of Arizona so much and if I didn't just waste hours battling their various departments.Anyway--my car wouldn't start, wouldn't take a jump, so I called AAA Roadside Assistance. They said it was the battery, and replaced my battery. Come to find 2 days later, it is not the battery. So, I take it to this very shop.Clark says I need a brake light sensor and brake light sensor harness replaced. I called the Nissan dealership and they said all I needed was the sensor, not the harness, and that it would save about $300 bucks to just replace the sensor. Strike one.Then I am told by a AAA member relations person I can get a refund on the battery and apply that credit toward the shop fees. Even though the Nissan dealership down the street is still $30 cheaper (including the credit), I decide to just get it fixed at this shop. When it comes time to pay, the credit is no longer valid, no one at the shop, at corporate, at member relations, or the battery replacement can help me.  Strike two.I spoke to 13 different people who are employed by AAA of Arizona. Got nothing. Ended up paying for both repairs, no credit, nada. Actually, the corporate lady, Martha, who I spoke to was 'nice' enough to pass my complaint along to AAA of California (where I am originally from and where the membership was purchased). Wow thank you. For nothing. Strike three. Hence, why I hate this place.
4	Be AAA customer.Have car not start.Jump attempt fails. Have car towed in.Also check lingering gas smell. Is bad battery. Is bad fuel pump. Get oil change, air filter, fuel pump and battery. Have total be $710!Be poorer but have car.AAA members get 15% off labor and free diagnostic if your car is towed in. Honda fuel pump was $426 and labor $121. Battery with 6 year warranty was $116. Oil change $20 with coupon. Overall not bad prices for parts and labor.I'll probably be back for breaks and a motor mount.
5	Incredible customer service!!  I recently purchased a Certified Pre-Owned 2011 Mercedes Benz SLK 350 from a MB dealer in Omaha.  Although I had the car inspected at a AAA-recommended facility in Omaha, I was unable to make this trip, and therefore, I purchased the vehicle  After receiving shipment of the vehicle, I wanted to get a second opinion from a AAA Auto Repair Center in Phoenix, and AAA was offering a 36 point inspection, brake inspection, and battery inspection at no cost until September 30th.  I decided to make an appointment and have the car checked out.  I was extremely pleased with the professionalism of the office and service staff.  They were extremely helpful and caring, and very thorough.  In fact, the service manager sat down with me in the customer waiting area to go over their inspections and findings.  The entire process was very efficient, and I know that whenever I need warranty service, I will take my car to AAA Auto Repair.
1	Call in for an oil change and the dude tells me the next opening is on Dec 10th, today is nov 21st???  that is 3 weeks away??? off to someone else I guess.
5	I can't say enough positive remarks about this business. I had to book an appointment 2 weeks out because they were so busy and now I can see why. Their customer service and expertise exceeds any auto repair shop I've ever been to. I brought my car in the other day for an oil change and to see if they could repair a couple issues I'd been having after my check engine light went on. Two gentlemen greeted me when I got in (one of them was Clark), and they listened to the issues I described with my car then went out to inspect it to see what they could find out. They were able to promptly diagnose what they thought the issue was but then they said my car should still be under warranty, so I shouldn't have to pay for the work. I told them I didn't believe it was, but Clark proceeded to call Audi and check on this for me - without me even asking! It turns out, it was still under warranty so I did not need to have them do this work and they were completely honest with me about this. Then, however, I told them I'd still like to get an oil change because I couldn't remember the last time I had one done. They also inspected my car to figure this out for me and told me I still had about 4k miles left until I needed one! So..... my ignorance was basically giving them every reason to charge me for an unnecessary service, but they didn't take advantage of this and did everything they could to help me. I am so grateful for their honesty and their impeccable service. I will never go anywhere else now! Thank you so much to AAA and these two men in particular for totally making my day :)
