3	As an Old Laveener, (even though i'm only 24 - I'm still old!) it's crazy to see fields develop into something different. For the longest there used to be field worker selling their surplus crops and now - there is a strip mall where a field used to be... and on the North East corner of said field is new and huge Jumbo Buffet.I first went to Jumbo Buffet during their grand opening. We entered into their brand spanking new place and saw a very clean and kinda tacky dining room. I gotta admit - I think it's kinda cute... but just kinda. But what I do like is their GIGANTIC plasma hung high in their dining room. It's on, but it's muted and you don't notice it unless you're looking for it, despite it's size. They have uniformed and friendly enough staff. But many things get lost in translation.I thought they had decent food - nothing great, but decent. They have a HUGE variet of food that attempts to be better than the run of the mill chinese buffet however - because there's so many dishes the cooks really can't concentrate on the dishes they do put out. So subpar all around. It was crazy busy which is to be expected however - we were frustrated with our server who had trouble understanding us and getting our drinks refilled was an uphill battle. One funny thing is that the buffet features a very well maintained Mongolian BBQ and someone asked for a hot dog! yes, a hot dog!! What was even MORE odd was that they had it!! lol! Pretty soon everyone was devouring hot dogs! Recently, I ventured back to Jumbo Buffet. I was disappointed to see that they raised their prices to $11 a person. and their American food was slipping. No longer were their roasted potatos and onions were these light crispy chunks of goodness - now they were oily and oniony hunks of mashiness - blech. The sushi is just as mediorcure as it was the first time I went. However, their salmon maki was decent. Their soups - I wouldn't trust their soups 'nuff said. The sweet & sour chicken was the biggest disappointment - the first time I went it was fresh and yummy, this last time - it was dense and hard! and it hurt my teeth to bite into it! ouch! What did stay good were their many seafood selections, the octupus still scared the crap out of lil kids, their fried shrimp was still good as were their crispy egg rolls. The Mongolian BBQ is still well maintained and thankfully everything was at a nice cold temperature! Their orange chicken was yummy! and or COURSE, the hot dogs still stole the show!! I would like to suggest to the owners of Jumbo Buffet that they close the smaller dining room that is obviously a different "store" within the strip mall and rennovate it into a hotdog place... and if they were to bring back the old Potato & Onions dish, in place of fries - that would kick ASS!!
4	This place is excellent, & no, it's not $11 most of the time!  Lunch is $6.99.  It's a new place (9 months), casual but nice decor, huge but divided up into three rooms so the atmosphere is comfortable.  There are so many food choices (over 100) that you can't even try a bite of everything before you get full.  The food is fresh & tasty, & there's a Chinese BBQ bar also.  I go out somewhere to eat every day, & this is my favorite restaurant in this part of town.  The food choices here include Chinese, Japanese & American dishes, various soups, plus kid friendly items like hot dogs, popcorn, etc.Dinner is 9.99 (crab legs), & 10.99 Sat. & Sunday (crab legs & prime rib!).
3	Came by for dinner buffet last Friday- paid $11 plus tax.  Beware, if you order anything else but water to drink, you will be charged at least $1.50 for it!  I arrived sometime around 4p, so I wasn't sure I'd be charged for lunch or dinner.  I'd already visited the buffet line twice when I noticed there weren't any crabs to be found; I was told that they were still cooking.  I'm guessing that the crabs were placed in the buffet line around 4:45p.LOVED the frog legs!  These will be one of the first I will sweep up on my next visit!  I also enjoyed the baked mussels, salmon, roasted cinnamon sweet potatoes, Chinese-bbq'ed pork (from the grill), and five-spiced crab.  I also spotted crab legs, but thought I'd save those for my next visit.  I also adored the steamed buns (the differing textures of the buns were perfect!) with red mung bean inside, and especially the lilyleaf-wrapped sticky rice and red beans (for my sweet-tooth)!!  There weren't many when I saw them (there were only two, actually), and despite my inquiring for more, none were brought out.Liked the omelet-topped sushi.  Coudn't try the others as they contained allergens.  Tried the sashimi, even though they still looked and felt frozen.  I ended up trashing these.  I took a few pieces of octopus to the table and liked the two bites I had before sitting down.  However, after having a few bites of the other food samples, I went back to the octopus pcs. and it felt like I was chewing on leather, and the taste wasn't that far-off from leather, either.  Even though I had my fill of sweets with the red mungbean buns and sticky rice, I had to try the soft-serve ice cream.  JB needs to enlarge their toppings area- I ran out of oreo cookie bits!  I didn't try it, but I spotted a great-looking strawberry-rhubarb pie...
3	Being the highest rated Chinese Buffet in Phoenix and being new to the area we went to Jumbo last night for dinner.  The food was okay, their green beans and steamed veggies get two thumbs up in my opinion.  The place was clean and the staff very attentive to taking away used dishes and we didn't have to wait on our check.My only complaint was they didn't seem to restock, it could have been that there were hardly any people eating or it was later in the night.  All in all nothing AMAZING by any means but it was alright buffet food and they had an okay range of dishes and selections.
1	Now in the culinary wasteland that is Laveen, we decided to give the Jumbo Buffet a try. Never again. Very few food items were up to temperature, which explains my digestive distress later on. The sushi was sketchy looking and tasted old. The meat was either dried out or fatty. The steak on the Mongolian BBQ looked as if it had been there a week. The ice milk was hard and the other desserts were all pre-packaged and virtually flavorless. This buffet is an epic fail in my opinion.
2	Meh, not so great in my opinion. I think that if it were inexpensive and I were a teenager with a huge appetite, I'd be all for Jumbo Buffet. But seriously, there's just too much going on here, and the food generally seems a little too rich for my tastes -- even the veggies, soaked in a salty, buttery sauce.  If they were to focus on one cuisine, maybe, it would be better overall, but this is entirely a plethora of well-presented yet mediocre food.  And now that I've written this, I see a picture on the profile with a hot dog and sushi that pretty much says it all.....
2	I'm always apprehensive about Chinese food buffets, because they almost always seem to serve second-rate food...This joint just backs every prejudice I have against Chinese food buffets.  The food is mediocre, though well-priced, and the service leaves a lot to be desired.  The veggies in the springrolls were overcooked, so they took on a semi-mushy texture, they should NEVER attempt to make sushi again, and their noodles were so underseasoned that even soy sauce couldn't help them.I did enjoy the crab legs, but even that could have been served a little warmer.Bottom line: I was SO not impressed.
4	Wow, I eat at this big place all the time but have neglected to do an update on it since January '09, so here goes:Jumbo here is an excellent, mostly Chinese buffet.  Yesterday was lunch here with Robyn N. & Mike C.  Things haven't changed much since my original review, & the price is up by only fifty cents.  Today's buffet featured 114 food items, not counting sauces & dressings.  Some things that were particularly good were the Egg Foo Young with brown gravy, the fried chicken wings, & I thought the Sushi was above average.  They have delicious, spicy Kim Chee here, as well as excellent seaweed, the bright green kind.  These are some treats that aren't served everyplace.So if this place is so great, why isn't it 5 Stars?  Well, it's the Mongolian BBQ, for one thing.  I don't mind that it's kind of small, with only 3 meats.  (This place has plenty of things to eat!)  The problem used to be that they had a young chef over there who was unfriendly & listless, & wished he was somewhere else.  Now they have an older chef over there who is unfriendly & listless, & wishes he was somewhere else!  I had to wait a LONG time for him to cook my food, while he diddled around cooking something that was NOT Mongolian BBQ for customers!  Also, he is also responsible for grilling the big tasty steak that they keep out over there for us to cut some of off, & he didn't think of cooking another one until after the first one was completely gone!  All together, I waited about 10 minutes for him to cook my Mongolian, with no one else waiting, & another 10 or 15 minutes for him to cook up a new steak.  Jumbo TOTALLY needs to replace this guy with somebody else!     :-OOk, once we get past that, this is a nice place with good food & service at a reasonable price.  They also have a fair amount of American food for your friend who comes along & doesn't care for Chinese.Still 4 Stars for Jumbo Buffet!  Lunch Buffet $7.49/$6.74 Sr.
3	I stopped buy here yesterday with a coupe friends for lunch. The sushi looked fresh and was pretty good, better than average for one of these places but not as good as my favorite Pacific. The steak was good and so was the usual assortment of Chinese food. Hot and sour soup was the normal quality you see at one of these places, not great but good. Overall a good inexpensive lunch and i will be back again when I'm in the area. They kept my drink full so I'd say service was good for a buffet.
1	I know to lower my expectations for buffets but this is a new low. Came here around 8pm or so for dinner with cousin.  I guess it's almost closing time and most items were either empty or dried out from the heat lamps.  So I headed over to the Mongolian BBQ station.  Had to wait 10 minutes before someone came out to cook the dish. Even though it was freshly cooked, the taste was barely passable.  Don't think will be back.
4	love this place its CLEAN! and the owners and staff always say hello to my parents wich is a great feeling for them,they get there 10% senior discount and there happy..the food is always great and the grill is the BOMB!...there SUNDAY prices are high,,,so we just do the Lunch..also if you live in laveen theres a coupon in the mail saves alot of money
4	It's been almost a year since an Update for Jumbo here, but I really do like this place & eat here fairly often.  Here's how it was today:There were 116 food items out this time, plus sauces, dressings & condiments.  Some things that were particularly good today were:*  The Sushi!  There were a number of varieties out, & my choices were fancy & very tasty!*  The seaweed!  They have the bright green kind here, & it was tender & tasty.*  The Kim Chee!  Not all of the Chinese Buffets have it, & the taste varies.  It's just right here!*  The Shrimp Salad!*  The tasty Mongolian BBQ, featuring 14 items plus toppings.*  The Kung Pao Shrimp!This restaurant is consistently very good.  It's clean & modern, the atmosphere is excellent, the booths comfortable, and the service always friendly & attentive.     :-))Monday through Saturday Lunch Buffet from 10:30 AM:  $7.49/$6.74 Sr.
1	Not very good
2	Nice clean buffet. Half the food was cold and the service was almost non existent. For the money I would drive the extra way to Lins.
3	Just an anerage Asain Buffet
4	Shame on anyone giving this excellent Buffet less than 3 Stars!  No, it's not quite a "Top 10" along with Pacific Seafood & Hibachi, but it's always been very good on my many visits here.  Mike C. & I enjoyed lunch here today & a couple of the standouts for me this time were the VERY TASTY SUSHI and the delicious Mongolian style BBQ featuring Chinese Snow Peas!Again, it's a nice solid 4 Stars for Jumbo Buffet!     :-))Monday through Saturday Lunch Buffet $7.49/$6.63 Sr.
4	I'm Asian, I walk in, there's already another table of Asians, the owners are super nice, I sit down, then more Asians walk in.  This buffet is top notch.  there's fresh squid, sushi, typical broccoli beef, freshest seaweed salad.  Yum.
3	This place is decent. I like the variety. Not a huge fan of the price but it is what it is. $11 per person. Cheaper if you go for lunch. Clams are good. Beef and broccoli was good. Deserts are good. Sushi is good. Minor complaints:The meat pieces in some of the dishes are too big. I always try to put the smallest pieces on my plate so I can eat the food together.I wish they had cones for the ice cream. You have to eat it in a bowl.On our last visit, our server was a good guy but I feel he gave us the bill too early. He also didn't ask us if we needed refills. He did clear our plates.Overall, we will return. I do prefer one other buffet but they do not have clams. Haha.
4	Found a 15% off coupon for Jumbo here on the back of my Fry's Food reciept, so of course I whipped right over here for lunch today!     :-)It's always a pleasure to eat at Jumbo here, & I've probably been to this one more than any other Buffet anywhere.  One reason is that it's the second closest one to home for me, after the marginal New Sun Star Super Buffet on Central, but here are a few thoughts on today's meal to share some other ideas about why I have returned here many times:*  Big attractive dining room (3 actually) with many comfortable seating choices available for parties of any size.*  Excellent selection of 127 food items (not counting sauces & dressings) now including TEN kinds of ice cream!!*  Delicious Hot & Sour Soup, with egg, tofu, seaweed, rice noodles, & more.*  Varied, tasty Sushi.*  Great Shrimp Salad with big (1"+) shrimps.*  Mongolian style BBQ including Chinese Snow Peas today!     :-)*  Good fried chicken!*  Almost all food items properly labeled.*  Staff is always pleasant.*  Yay, no TV!  (They used to have one, which they kept low anyway, but gone is even better!     :-)As always, it's a big 4 Stars for Jumbo Buffet where the Weekday Lunch Buffet is $7.49/$6.74 Sr. or only $6.37 if you find a coupon on the back of your Fry's receipt!     :-))
1	I've been there a couple of times. Last time I went it was worse than the first time. The food  really didn't taste that good.
1	Nastiest food ever .. all food looked really bad, orange chicken was over cooked. Will never step foot in there again. The restroom looked nicer than their food.If I could I would rate this restaurant 0 stars.
1	Jumbo Disappointment is more like it. Lyn's Buffet on baseline is far better. Don't bother with Jumbo buffet.  This place probably won't stay open too much longer.Where to start.  The buffet food was like warm at best. I stayed away from many of my usual favorites because the food was not hot. Selection is mediocre - especially compared to Lyn's.They have a BBQ area but apparently it's just for looks. We asked 3 separate times to get help at the BBQ station and couldn't get anyone to serve us (the place was pretty empty and cooks were just sort of walking around stirring the sitting food - so not really sure why they couldn't come over to the BBQ station and help us).Won't be going back to this place.
3	Was tempted to give 2 stars but went with 3 based on the grill offering. The regular buffet area was somewhat lacking, food was lukewarm, looked greasy, or looked like it had been out there a while. However, the gem was the cooked to offer grille items. All vegetables looked fresh and plentiful and even the chicken and beef turned out well and pretty tender. For $7.49/person for lunch it's not bad.
4	Please folks, don't believe the low Reviews for this nice Buffet!  I have eaten here MANY times over the past five years and it's GOOD!  Stopped back in here today for lunch, for example, joined by Mike C. & Jackie C.  Every bite of the food I had was cooked properly and up to temperature, as always.  Selection is well over 100 items, serving trays are kept stocked, the fresh foods are fresh, the Sushi is good, service is proper and friendly...  I think you just can't go wrong here for the price.     :-)One recent reviewer said they like Lin's Grand Buffet on Baseline more.  Fine, I like Lin's too, but it costs just under $2 more ($9.39) so it SHOULD be a little fancier!  For $2.60 more THAN THAT  ($11.99) you can enjoy the excellent Jasmine Tokyo & some think it tops Lin's.  Duh!     :-)Meanwhile, back here at Jumbo what you get is a delicious lunch at a nice, properly run Chinese(ish) Buffet for a McDonald's-like price of only $7.49/$6.74 Sr.I'm still SO HAPPY this Buffet is here!     :-))
4	Enough variety for me. Only reason I go to buffet - Shrimp, Oysters, Sushi and Salmon. They had all of these, so I'm happy. If you are looking for a quality buffet, skip this one . It didn't look clean and I had my waitress sit on our side table facing us while we eat. Annoyed, but I don't care much. Total bill without drinks, with tax - $22.64. I will come back here again over Lin's. I won't bring guests here though!
4	My wife and I have different diet needs and by going to jumbos we are able to eat without cooking all sorts of special needs. What is good also is that for a little more than a burger shops meals we can have meals with such diversity. She can have her food with fewer carbs and I can find special cooked grill food with fresh veg. love the green beans, chinese veggies,cream cheese wantons, some sort of filled sea shell, coconut shrimp. I could go on as so much to eat from. Burgers, all you got is cheese L&T. So the choice isn't hard. JUMBOS is the place to go for a fast good selection of food for ones personal diet.
1	si hubiera ninguna estrella pusiera... fui ayer 09/19/14 por primera vez, y jamas vuelvo a ir a ese lugar.. el arroz aceitoso y sin sabor, las noodles masosas y malisimas, los cangrejos sabian poco raros.. el peor buffet que he visitado en mi vida.. no gasten su dinero creo que se arrepentiran... absolutamente nada tenia sabor..  solo la cuenta tubo sabor amargo despues de haber comido esa comida tan fea... ya les dejo este comentario para que bo digan.que.no.les advirtieron... okay!!!;)
2	Came here for weekday lunch -- $7.50 if you drink water, endless soda is $1.80.Kinda standard with some pleasant gems such as veggie sushi, seaweed salad, Mongolian flat-top grill, and a breaded something mix in a scallop shell. The orange chicken is goopy and yummy, and the teriyaki chicken is delicious and full of flavor. The sushi offering is token but OK.A fair offering of kiddie food as well like an attempt at mini pizza, chicken nuggets and fries and a MOUND of jello. Of course no buffet is complete without a soft-serve ice cream machine and goopy red sauce for your cheese wontons. A pump of Hershey's syrup is on the right.There are also steam dumplings! I didn't have any but they were there.The hot wings were bland and swimming in a thin red sauce. The sauce needs to be thicker and less of it. There are also regular fried wings.All in all, worth the price and there are a fair amount of items.
