4	I wandered into this place after picking up lunch. It was near work, so it was convenient. It was a good choice and I'm completely satisfied. I've taken many articles of clothing here and I'm never disappointed. I can say that after my first experience though, I thought I was being overcharged. But after receiving the shirt back, the cut was perfect and nicely fitted. She explains everything and will try to keep costs low. I've since taken several pieces of clothing back and its always perfect every time. I've had everything done from pants hemmed, to fitting my dress shirts, to fitting my pea coat and even a suit done. Tailoring a suit isn't cheap. Since I lost a little weight, I needed it to go down a full size. It cost $120, but after experiencing a good fit, there isn't a comparison. Nothing feels and looks better than a well cut suit. A good tailor is hard to find, similar to a good mechanic. Prices here aren't the cheapest, but they seem to be average. Regardless, she provides good service and great quality work so I don't mind spending the extra buck.
5	I will not take my clothing anywhere else.I've had 6 or 7 items altered and each time I'm amazed at how clean and professional the results are. I've bought pants at The Men's Wearhouse and had them hemmed in store, and the results looked amateur compared to what Lisa's Alterations can do. I even brought in a pair of designer jeans with a unique wide, double-stitched hem and when I got them back I could barely tell that they had been altered. As another reviewer mentioned, the prices aren't super cheap, but rather about average. They don't try to gain clientele by undercutting the competition; they do it via great service and word-of-mouth. If you ask me, that's what you'd want in a tailor.
2	I gave her the dress to do a month before the event. I was curious a week before my pick up date and had called to check on the progress. She did not even start on it yet. I panicked, and she managed to get it fixed a day before I was flying out to California.  She picks up too many cases and forgets about her priorities. She's a great seamstress and has a great personality, but business is business. If you want a heart attack like I went through, then be my pleasure. Detail work was impeccable though.
5	I chose to bring my wedding dress to Lisa's after looking at reviews on line. It said they have experience in altering gowns so that is where I went! The first time I went they asked me to try the dress on and the woman who was helping me pinned me up and asked me what I wanted, exactly. I gave her the details and the girl at the front desk asked when I wanted to pick it up. I told her I was getting married soon and she said to come back in 5 days and put me on the calendar. I think the dress lady is there from 11-3?? I found that out when I drove there around 4 the first time around and I had just missed her. Anyway, I went to pick it up and it was done, so I tried it on to see how it looked. The front had pouched out a bit due to the other alterations that were done so I asked if they could flatten it out and they said they could so the front desk girl said to come back again in 4 days and again, pencilled me in. I went back the day they said and it fit like a glove! It cost $58 too. A steal!
