5	A very professional place remodel great therapist different modalties experience therapist call for your appt
5	I am a Las Vegas "Snowbird" and I return every winter.  I have been going to Lyndsey Ritchie for two years and she is by far the "best".  Now, I frequent her beautiful new spa, Summerlin Body Therapeutics. She is located in a professional building with little social foot traffic, so you will not be running into your friends on your way in or out; privacy is priceless.  Lyndsey is low-key and non-intimidating during your visit.  When you leave, you definitely feel you have been "serviced" and not just treated.  You will feel like you just experienced a little bit of utopia. She is very thorough in her service and very knowledgeable about her treatment.  She keeps updated on treatment techniques as well as trendy, but proven, skin-care products.  There is never a pressure to purchase any product. Her service is about you and "you" only.Pat M (Manhattan Beach, Big Bear Lake, Las Vegas)
5	I have never been happier with any massage therapist than I am with Lyndsey at Summerlin Body Therapeutics! I'm a dental hygienist and have been doing it for 35 years ...I credit her with keeping me working. She is knowledgeable, caring and does it for the love of helping people. She is totally professional and the Spa is beautiful. Do yourself a favor and visit them. You won't be sorry.  You will wonder how you got along without her!
5	I have been going to Daniel for a year now and my neck and back problems are gone. He has helped me with my posture problems from working at a desk most of the time. With his tips and help I have maintained myself pain free. I highly recommend Daniel. He is very professional and knowledgeable. I'm looking forward to my next session.
5	Love this place! The atmosphere is wonderful. I've had massages by Lyndsey and facials by Kelly, all were amazing!
4	I bought a Groupon of (2) 60min massage.   My therapist is Millie.   Very responsive but my first apt she arrived late by my standard.   Apt time 9am.  She arrived at 2 min to 9am.   I am busy so time is critical.   Second apt. She beat me.  I arrived at 10 min before the apt and she was ready!   Nice, clean peaceful office/reception area.  Millie is very goi d with derp tissue massage.   She is intuitive and does not talk too much.  She said she dies 90 min for $90.
