5	I lived a good 4 blocks from La Feria during grad school and loved every second of it. Yes, Pamela's is downstairs and, if you can avoid drooling at the thought of chocolate chip banana pancakes, crepe style you can enjoy the best of peruvian food- pumpkin, peanut, and sweet savory tastes. You can get meat, vegetarian or a combo of both (which is always what I ended up with). Delish salad to accompany and bread to take those last swipes of sauce off your plate. Everything is great with an Inca Kola- and maybe even better with the Peruvian mirror you've been eying up on the wall.Oh, and they do TO GO, which saved me on my walk home from the bus!
4	funky little cafeteria atop a very popular pittsburgh breakfast spot. it's BYOB - always nice - and the food is abundant and tasty. very casual, small menu, good, attentive service. plus they have a little shop with peruvian gifts, including an incas vs. spanish chess game, fluffy mini-llamas, and bright woven goods.
3	Service can be a bit slow at times. Also, I rarely see the place crowded. Still, its a good place to eat. Usually people go for the daily specials, where they give you a big plate with their house salad (delicious), a daily-changing entree, rice and some bread. It's about 10 dollars. They usually have 2 vegetarian and 2 non-vegetarian daily options. I love their limeade (its terrifically bright and fresh, made from real limes). Also, if you happen to be really rich (which I'm not) you might fancy buying some of the Peruvian art they sell in the store. Try touching the pelts on your way out, probably the softest fur you've ever felt in your life. Also, they have fun finger dolls, knit to look like naked people. The nudists sell for about 3 bucks a pop though...
3	This is a a good interesting spot.  It's located on Walnut above Pamelas.  I don't recall ever having Peruvian food before, but will definitely try again.  It's a small place where everyone seems to know each other.  The specials change weekly and are a good deal for $10.  The service is friendly and the portions are appropriate.  We started yesterday with sweet patatoe chips (I think) with some type of dip.  It was very good and a nice change for a first course.  I  had the chicken and rice cooked in cilantro which was really good.  The cilantro really gave the dish a crisp fresh flavor.  The limeade was delicious and gave me an appropriate mid afternoon sugar buzz.  It's a good discovery and a unique place to take your out of town guests.
5	I really love this joint. It is small and casual. The menu changes regularly, and there is always a vegetarian option. I'm surprised it isn't more crowded because I can't really thing of a negative thing to say about the place. The salad is yummy, and I'm not even a salad person. I think my favorite dish here thus far has been the Peruvian corn. The atmosphere is cozy with a little shop in the front.
5	This place has authentic peruvian food and tasty american style peruvian sandwiches.  Every day they have a choice of two or three vegetarian and two or three non vegetarian entrees.  They serve these with rice and side salad.  My favorites are pumpkin and potato stew and potato, cheese, and pea casserole.  They also make a great egg salad sandwich with guacamole.  The homemade sweet potato chips and alfajores (shortbread cookies filled with caramel sauce and dusted with powdered sugar) are must haves.
4	Excellent food, especially given the price.  I can't tell how they stay in business, because I've only ever been in there with one or two other parties.  But the food is really good, and the service is friendly and informal.  Come to get away from the crowds on Walnut, and be surprised by the quality of the food.  All entrees come with salad and rice.  My personal favorite is the cream chicken entree - deelish!
4	I really don't know where to start.I went to La Feria for lunch today, my companion and I did not utter one word while there was food on the table.We both started with "Inca Cola", a Peruvian "Cream Soda".  I'm not usually a soda drinker, but I felt like I should try something new.  It was unique, but a bit too sweet for my palate which isn't accustomed to drinking soda anymore.We also split a sampler of their empanadas, which were amazing.  Perfect ratio of pastry to filling.  Perfectly seasoned fillings, perfectly cooked exterior that undercooked nor burnt.For entrees, we both decided to get the "pollo borracho", BREAST OF CHICKEN BAKED WITH FRESH TOMATOES, OLIVES, CAPERS, AND WHITE WINE (from their website).  It came with a side of salad, rice, and french bread.  My companion paused after his first mouthful to say "oh my god.  this chicken is amazing."  We didn't speak again until both our plates were completely empty.  The salad, rice, and french bread were what were expected, but the chicken.  Wow.  I don't know how exactly they bake it, but the chicken breast was even more tender and moist than most of the chicken thighs i've eaten.  Not dry, not stringy by any means.  Completely exceeded my expectations.Prices were definitely reasonable, w/ the daily entrees topping out the menu at $10.50.I also like the homey feeling I get while in there.  There were around five other parties, which I think is pretty good since it was before noon on a Saturday and Pamela's is right next door.Highly highly recommended, I'll most definitely be back.  For sure.
5	This delicious Peruvian Restaurant is often overlooked due to its location over the wildly popular Pamela's restaurant.  For those who don't want to wait in line for Pamela's or those who are looking for a great bite to eat, LaFeria is the place for you.  All of the food I've tried there has been great.  Their daily specials are usually yummy and their empanadas and sandwiches are great.  I especially love their salad.  Turkey breast over a bed of greens with red onions, walnuts and gorgonzola cheese dress in a tasty vinegarette.  It's light, yet you wont leave hungry.  While you're there, check out the Peruvian arts and crafts  that are also for sale there.
3	I liked La Feria slightly more as a store than as a place to eat.  Even though I didn't buy anything, Bob was interested in a toucan ocarina, and I fantasized about affording a bright orange wooden lobster for my wall.  I also loved the tapestries, the retablos, and the Dia de los Muertos statues.As for the food, it was pretty good, but I am on the picky side.  In fact, the whole meal was good, with one or two things keeping it shy of great.  We split two specials, one beef and one chicken, and both meats were a bit dry.   We had two empanadas, one spinach/feta and one ground beef.  The fillings were excellent, though they were (sadly!) understuffed.  For dessert we tried the Alfajores, and this was the weakest part of the experience.  The pasty flavor of the thick shortbread cookies completely overwhelmed the mild sweetness of the dulce de leche.  I spent every bite trying to find it, to no avail.It was a decent amount of food, though not as much as you'd expect for 10 dollars a person (we split the 20 dollar plate).As for the atmosphere, it's cute, but cramped.  There's tons to look at while you're waiting a short time for your food.  The service wasn't too great: the waitress forgot our limeade.  But they were friendly enough, so I can't complain.Here's the thing: in Pittsburgh, your pickings in South American food are very slim.  While this might sound like a negative review, it's not intended to be.  Until this area diversifies a bit more (currently at 2% Hispanic), or somehow finds more demand for good, authentic South American cuisine, I highly recommend checking La Feria out.  It's not perfect, but it'll do.
5	I love this cozy little restaurant!  The $10 meal deal is especially great for indecisive diners like me, and it's always delicious.  I can't comment on how closely they adhere to Peruvian cuisine, because I've never had it before.  The shop is fun too, but I'd feel awkward browsing the art without intending to stay, so I only look around after I'm done eating.
3	Summary: friendly neighborhood Peruvian eatery + gift shop. La Feria occupies the floor above the Pamela's in Shadyside. It does not have a large foot-print, and half of it was devoted to the souvenirs.  This leaves little space for the dining venture. The restaurant offers only a small menu, but the price is reasonable and the portion generous. For what you pay, the food tastes pretty good too. I do sort of wish that my empanadas were fresh out of an oven rather than a microwave.3.5 stars
3	Nearly empty on a Friday evening around 8:00.  Service was fast and extremely friendly.  The menu is a decent size, with specials posted on a board above the counter.  I got a pumpkin/rice souffle with cheese and peas for $10.50, and it came with salad, rice, and French bread.  However, the salad took up about half the plate, and the rice took up a quarter, which meant that you only end up getting a small portion of the actual entree - disappointing, since it was delicious.  I also had a lemonade, which was not overly tart or overly sweet.This is a good place to go for a casual meal.  You can definitely go in wearing jeans.  I hope to come back and try more of their specials.
5	Lovely, refreshing food, though the menu gets a bit old. Perfect, unique salad dressing. Must try it!
4	Just finished another great dish from La Feria, black bean and rice casserole with fried bananas on top - one of their vegetarian daily specials. The fried bananas added a perfect sweetness to this dish, balancing the heaviness of the black beans and rice. Did I detect a little spiciness in the casserole too?I love this little Peruvian destination, and it's certainly a great place to pick up a healthy, fresh lunch. A little underrepresented, and I can understand why this place is often confused with a souvenir shop (probably because the decor is devoted souly to Peruvian paraphernalia...that you can buy). I highly recommend going regardless.
4	In the few weeks that I've been in pittsburgh, I have already been to this place twice.  The environment of this "cantina" is distinctive; tucked in the corner of a peruvian arts store, and co-owned by the people who own Pamela's, this place has "hit" once, and "missed" once.  They do have a very basic menu which doesn't change, but the items on there are those that you can pretty easily make at home.  The daily specials that they have are the ones that are a bit more elaborate, and come with a few sides, such as rice and french bread.I previously thought that peruvian food was simply chicken and rice.  Although this is still the main two ingredients they use, this restaurant has definitely changed my perspective on how many different ways they can prepare chicken.  The first time I went I got a "ropa vieja", which was a very simple meat-only sandwich.  The second time I went I got a chicken dish that was mixed with dried fruits: that was delicious.  However my fried ordered a grounded pork dish that ended up tasting like glorified taco meat.  Unfortunately that didn't make for a great first impression.Overall, be wary of what peruvian food specializes in, and order accordingly.  Service is very friendly, and food comes out in 5 minutes because everything is bascially premade at the beginning of the day.
4	I came here on a Friday night around 9 pm with my boyfriend and my parents, who were staying at a nearby B and B.  We wanted to go somewhere both casual and inexpensive, and La Feria definitely is both of those things.  We almost didn't find it - it's upstairs above Pamela's.  Pamela's was closed of course, but all the lights were on, and we eventually figured out to ascend the staircase and seek out La Feria. There was only one other table of diners, so it was very quiet in the eating area.  There are about 15 tables, and there are boldly colored Peruvian crafts everywhere you look!  We all decided to order lemonade and limeade, which was a great choice.  The drinks were refreshing and fresh, not too sour or too sweet.I ordered one of the daily specials, which was chicken in a spicy peanut sauce.  It came with white rice, a green salad (with two kinds of cheese, two tomatoes slices, an olive, red onion, walnuts, and light dressing), and two slices of French bread.  The chicken itself was great - the sauce had a delicious peanut flavor and it went wonderfully with the rice.  I really liked the salad as well because the dressing was flavorful and I looooove cheese.  The bread was pretty standard, so I used it for dipping in leftover peanut sauce.  Nom!  My boyfriend got the ropa vieja sandwich, which I tasted.  Not as much meat as I'd like, but it was very juicy and flavorful.  Also the sweet potato chips that came on the side were totally addicting!For dessert, we had a few shortbread cookies with what seemed like dulce de leche on them.  Everyone really enjoyed their meal.  It just feels like a good place to spend your money.  It's small, it's cheap, it's interesting food, and all their crafts are lovely and very affordable.  I think we'd be happy to go back if we were ever in the neighborhood.  I really want to taste those empanadas....
5	La Feria recently changed their menu, so I thought I'd post a review about their new system. They've replaced the rotating daily specials with a larger menu. The classics are still on the menu (like the delicious ropa vieja) but now it's expanded to include things like their cheese and potato stew. As you'd expect, everything is delicious. It's also worth noting that the service is quick and friendly and there's a whole section where you can shop/peruse Peruvian folk art and goods while you wait for your food. What can I say? I love La Feria.
4	The service here was very friendly, and our food was delivered quickly! We really like the large portion sizes and the relaxed and quiet atmosphere. I didn't read other reviews before I went, so I was a bit surprised to see all of the Peruvian craft and jewelry items for sale in the same space as the restaurant seating, but I thought it was all beautiful and only added to the nice cafe atmosphere. Not really a Friday night date destination, but definitely a good place to get a bite to eat!
4	While I'm not going to crave this food, it was pretty good.  It tasted like home-made Peruvian food, not that I've ever had Peruvian food, or been in the home of a Peruvian.  But it is what I imagine I would have eaten if I grew up in Lima.I think it's a very reasonable alternative on the Walnut Street strip, especially if you don't want to shell out the $$$ for Panagea or Girasole.
3	I'll eat here again and write an update, to make sure I'm being fair.  So far, though, I'm sort of unimpressed, and I wanted to be impressed.I ordered takeout from La Feria, and the first thing I noticed when I called was the person on the other end picked up and said "Lah-FEERiya!"Now, I'm no stickler for authenticity, but ain't nobody in Peru EVER pronounced it that way.  I got an order of empanadas, and they were sort of small and just not very delicious.  I paid way more for them than I felt I should have.  The menu is also sort of uninspiring.  I feel like if you're going to do an ethnic food that isn't well-known by Americans, you should offer a lot of options so they can really get introduced to it properly.I really like the idea, though.  It's a cute idea, and properly executed, it's the kind of place I could grow to love.I'll do this place again, if I can convince anyone to go with me (I've had trouble talking folks into going here instead of somewhere else) but so far, I'm not awfully thrilled by it.
3	If you go to La Feria expecting to find Peruvian food be prepared to be disappointed. There's no lomo saltado, papas a la huancaina, arroz chaufa, aji de gallina, not even some chicha morada. That being said the food they do offer isn't bad, it's just not Peruvian in my opinion and I was disappointed about not finding any of my favorite dishes on their menu. What you will find are sandwiches, salads, empanadas, beans and rice. Overall it is a good spot to have lunch, the food isn't heavy and tastes fresh. I'll probably eat here again someday but at least next time I'll know what to expect.
5	Pittsburgh is a funny city. There are fantastic high end restaurants (e.g. Tamari, Spoon, 9 on 9, 11, etc...), but not so many medium-to-low-end restaurants. Well, La Feria is the clear exception. For $15 (or less) you can have an amazing Peruvian meal. My wife and I are experimenting with vegetarianism (I know, we're missing out on a lot of yummy meals!), and La Feria is particularly great for us. They always have 2 veggie specials that are great. Last night I had this bean and pumpkin dish which was fantastic.The atmosphere is pretty laid back and the staff are friendly, so for a quick and tasty dinner, this is the place to go.
2	Had the chicken here. Was somehow unevenly cooked and bland. So bland. Friend had a vegetarian special, which was better, but still unimpressive. Realize it was only 12$ for dinner, and yet somehow still entirely not worth it.
3	Not necessarily your traditional Peruvian food establishment, but the food is quite tasty and reasonably priced.  I had the empanadas (spicy beef and spinach & feta), they were quite good.  There are also at least 2 vegetarian dishes on special daily.  They additionally have tonz of beautiful Peruvian art for sale here.  Not exactly the cheapest, but very fine craftmanship.  Definitely will be back.
2	Unimpressed.  Food is okay, and service is good, but it's just not that great.The food alone would be 4 stars if they were charging a bit less (Yes - I think value matters.  Almost anyone can serve you an above-average meal if price isn't an issue.)  The empanada was pretty good, but $3.50 for a tiny little beef empanada is ridiculous.  They're street food, for chrissake.  (The pickled onion condiment with them is really good, though.)  I had the tortilla de papa, which was pretty good, and my partner had a chicken dish (name escapes me) that was pretty good as well, and the salads were good.  Back to the pricing thing: they do have Inca Kola, which I love, but they charge $2.50 for a can.  I only got one because my partner had never had one, but $2.50?  Really?  I know the profit's in the drinks for restaurants, but a 12-pack of it cost the same as a 12 of Coke the last time I saw it in a grocery store.Service was good.  Very friendly.  4 stars.Decor leaves much to be desired.  This is usually an area that doesn't bug me too much with restaurants, but this place looks ratty - worn carpet, cheap tile, faded pictures of someone's trip to Peru, furniture that looks like it belongs in a chain motel breakfast room.  The knickknacks for sale are nice, but they're not in a separate area, so it feels like you're eating in the middle of a gift shop.  Again, not awful if you're charging $5-7 or so per plate, but not when you've crossed the $10 threshold.  1 star.I'm split between 2 and 3 stars, but I'm skewing low on this place.
4	This place is more or less one of those hidden gems.  Located in the heart of Shadyside, above Pamela's, who would ever expect a quaint little cafe serving up some surprisingly delicious and affordable Peruvian dishes?  Come over here to enjoy a nice, quick and incredibly tasty meal.  Peruvian food is fantastic because there are a lot of vegetarian options, which make me incredibly happy.  We really enjoyed the vegetarian fritata: eggs, avacado, pepper, onions served with a side of rice and an incredibly tasty salad.  Even better, the beautifully crafted habanero sauce they brought out (without us requesting this, might I add), was absolutely perfect.  Service was great.  The atmosphere was pretty nice: lots of Peruvian art-work, the lighting was a bit too bright for my tastes, but hey I'm being picky at this point.  This is definitely a cafe and not what you'd consider fine-dining.  But for what it is, it's exceptional.  The price is great too: our meal for 2 topped out at around $25?  That's exceptional, especially for the quantity and quality of food.  Give this place a try.
4	I would recommend this place for a quick lunch. I ordered the non-vegetarian special of the day, cilantro chicken with rice, french bread, and salad. The chicken was a bit on the dry side, but it still had great flavor. My meal was $11 (pre-tax and tip) which I thought was fair considering that the salad was extremely fresh and there was a decent amount of meat.
5	Great peruvian!  Love their housemade salad dressing.   Wish that I could buy it!  Their shredded chicken dishes are always excellent.  Great lunch spot in Shadyside.  Lovely little import store attached.  A favorite!!
4	Something told me to be adventuresome when my first choice for lunch was closed for the day.  I was pleasantly surprised when I stumbled upon here.  I saw Pamela's and thought oh well, if I can have breakfast for dinner, why not try breakfast for lunch.  When I walked in I saw the sign for the upstairs eatery and it piqued my interest.  I can honestly say I have no clue as to what Peruvian food is and even though I partook in this delicious place I still have no concept into the food except that it tastes amazing.  We were seated almost immediately with menus in hand.  For lunch this place was not busy in the least.  Too bad for everyone else, because this is a great place to have lunch.  I skimmed the menu but the specials board is what really caught my attention.  I cannot remember the name of what I ate, but who cares, because it tasted so good that almost right after I finished my plate, short of licking it clean, I wanted more of the special!  The special was chicken atop cheese curd and then topped itself with pesto.  What an ideal combination of flavors.  The special also came with rice I believe and the house salad.  The salad was mixed greens with a combination of olives, walnuts and carrots.  The dressing was the house dressing and not too heavy or tangy.Our server seemed a little inexperienced, but I won't hold that against her.  I am going to assume that she didn't know much about Peruvian food either.  Even though she really couldn't answer a lot of our questions about the food, she was swift and made sure we were taken care of.  They also have shelves of Peruvian items that you can purchase if you are so inclined to do so.  I did not while I was here, but it does give you something interesting to look at and start a conversation about during your meal.
5	I really wish there was some place like this closer to cleveland. A fair trade shop with a cafe type restaurant, I can dig it. Its located on the upstairs, peruvian art adorns the walls and is for sale, they also have some clothes and these beautiful blankets that I seriously want. I wasn't feeling too great so I just ordered the three empanada platter and split it with my boyfriend. I picked the egg/cream cheese/green onion, spicy apple, and beef empanadas. I wish I was hungrier because it was so tasty! Boyfriend got the ropa vieja and it came with a salad and rice... very very good. The girl that waited on us was super sweet too. Ending check was $25, not bad at all.
4	I've had pretty good dishes here. The flavors are varied and unique, and the fare is light and healthy. They offer a good variety of vegetarian options and lunch specials.I wish they didn't close so early. The atmosphere is also a little weird - its kind of like dining in a knitted-clothing store. Once you get past all of that, its a nice experience. Authentic? Who knows. I've yet to go to Peru. In the meantime, I'll keep enjoying the food they serve here.
5	This is the one restaurant in Pittsburgh my friends and I can always agree on. The specials never disappoint! The chicken is always cooked tenderly to perfection and the sweet potato chips are worth an order. It took me four years to find this place because the location is slightly obscure. I wish I'd found it sooner!
4	Stop in at lunchtime for the La Feria salad, and make sure to add fresh, roasted turkey. Enjoy!
3	Ambiance: The atmosphere is a little strange, as the restaurant is upstairs above Pamela's, and is coupled with a Peruvian gift shop. It's nothing fancy, but it's kind of entertaining to look at the knick-nacks while you wait for food. Food: I came to La Feria hoping to get some authentic Peruvian food. Although the food was good- i got a pumpkin black bean empanada and some sort of peanut chicken dish- it wasn't anything to write home about. I was hoping for some full-blown authenticity here- I didn't see anything on the menu that screamed "Peru"; it all seemed very generic Americanized Latin American. I didn't see one unique ingredient in any of the dishes on the menu. With that being said, I would go back, but I would rather roll the dice in trying to find something more authentic, so I doubt I will be back anytime soon.
5	Had the beef tapdo and it was delicious. Tasted fresh and was different. I also had the Peruvian coffee and it was tasty. I would definitely come back. Coworker had the beef empanada and loved it.
3	Went to La Feria for my first time today.  The setting is a bit odd with all of the crafts for sale, but it all works somehow.  The food was very average I thought.  The empandas were a plain, though my Ropa Vieja sandwich was pretty good.  The meat was tender and well cooked and the bread was fresh, it was just lacking a bit in the seasoning / flavor department.  I didn't dislike my meal, but I may look for other lunch options the next time I'm in Shadyside.
4	I know this place doesn't have "authentic" food. I know it's not always the friendliest place. I know it looks weird, eating in the middle of a store. But for some reason their combination of a simple Dijon salad dressing and rice and always a decent slow cooked pulled chicken meal makes me enjoy solo lunches with a book. Once in a while you should skip the noisy, crowded, expected Pamela's and try something that tastes homemade.
4	Wonderful food in a relaxed environment.  The staff is always very friendly and attentive.  The menu always features great vegetarian options.  If you don't know which dish to pick there is a delicious combination plate that I like to order.  The menu has a lot of variety and everything appears to be made fresh. La Feria is a gem!
4	Delicious home made and authentic food from Peru.  Hot meals and good salads!
5	Can't emphasize enough how great this place is. It makes me sad that everyone goes to Pamela's when La Feria is right above it - I always go here for breakfast/brunch and am always extremely satisfied.It's a great environment: La Feria, in addition to a restaurant, also acts as a Peruvian shop. They sell clothes, toys, and even amazing chess sets. The seating is cozy, the people are friendly, and the food comes out pretty quickly.Speaking of food: It's fantastic. You'll pretty much always want to get one of the specials; each day they have a meat special and a vegetable special, but both are always great. The special (which usually consists of meat and vegetables) comes with garlic rice, salad (with onions, tomato, olives, cheese, and walnuts), and French bread. It's $10.95, which might be a bit expensive, but it'll definitely fill you up, and every bite will be delicious. Maybe you'll even have some to take home!If you don't get one of the specials, go for the ropa vieja - beef slow-cooked with tomatoes. Still $10.95, still comes with rice/salad/bread, still delicious.Bonus: La Feria has great Peruvian coffee!
2	I came here with a friend last Feb., and chose to visit it based on the positive reviews and the uniqueness of Peruvian food (I don't know of anywhere else in Pittsburgh that serves it).  Unfortunately, what I experienced was mediocre food and some of the worst service I've ever experienced.My dining companion and I were seated promptly.  After 10 min., the waitress came over and asked about drinks.  After another 10 min., she brought our drinks and asked what we wanted to order.  I ordered the special, which was listed on the chalkboard (don't recall what it was exactly).  The waitress took our orders and went back to put them in.Fifteen minutes later, the waitress returned, but not with our food.  Instead, she apologetically informed me that the special was not available because they were out of one of the necessary ingredients.  Um, why didn't she mention this immediately after she'd put the order in?  I chose a different entree (this time one of the regular ones), and the waitress went back to put that order in.It took at least another 15 min. for the food to come out (we'd been there for 50 min., for those of you keeping track), and when it finally did, I was quite underwhelmed.  I don't recall what I ordered, but I know it had chicken and I recall the chicken being dry and bland--clearly, not what I was hoping for in a Peruvian restaurant!  This shouldn't have surprised me, since I noticed the waitress preparing it in the microwave.  Pro tip to restaurateurs: If you need to use a microwave in your food prep, it's best to hide it in the back.  Having been to Ecuador, where the food is similar to Peruvian fare, the food here certainly didn't seem very genuine.Unsurprisingly, the check took at least 10 min. to show up once we'd finished.  By this time, I was through with this place.  Yeah, it has interesting decor, but that didn't make up for the abysmal service I received here.  Also, none of the people working there seemed to be Peruvian, which is never a good sign in an ethnic eatery.  Based on my experience, I won't be returning anytime soon.
5	This place is amazing! First time here and it's a small place. Couldn't find it at first because its above Pamela's. needs a sign! Anyway, the food is incredible! I had the Triple Sandwich and it was WAY MORE than I expected. Taste is amazing. Sweet Potato chips were perfect. Definitely recommend it! :D
2	If you can't find this place, it's because it's above Pamela's.  I liked all the crafts in here.  It was cute, lots of different things, colorful clothes, toy llamas, etc.  But, I really came here for the Peruvian food.If you are looking for Papas a la Huancaina or ceviche, it isn't here.  It's salads, sandwiches, empanadas, and a few other entrees like arroz tapado.  This is a good place for a healthy lunch but I would not come here for dinner.  After looking at the menu and nothing jumped at me, I got the empanada platter.  It was...ok.  Not that amazing.  I got the beef, the chicken & cilantro and the spinach empanadas.  The cilantro wasn't even that prevalent in the chicken empanada.  My spinach empanada was comparable to a less flaky spanakopita.  The beef empanada need more flavor!  Sigh.  Don't get me wrong, I wanted to like this place.I will say, the coffee was good and the server was very pleasant.  This is a nice place to get some cool gifts.
