5	My wife and I love Funktional Fitness! Jeremy and Luis have put together an amazing team that really puts the well being of the clients first. Their basic approach is functional fitness, meaning the sort of fitness you need in everyday life NOT to win some weightlifting competition. Their training involves relatively simple exercises that require very little in specialized (expensive) equipment. Unlike many places, they also focus on flexibility and on diet.The team does a very good job of encouraging people to progress and has many success stories to prove it. We actually have fun while they work us hard. The place is clean and the size that makes you feel special, rather than a part of the herd. They also never twist your arm to sign contracts and shame you into spending money like most places.If you are looking for a place that will help you get fit and stay fit, you would do well to visit Funktional Fitness,
5	Everyone at Funktional rocks !  They have a great program which is highly motivating and brings healthy results.  I would recommend Funktional to anyone who wants to enjoy their workouts and get healthy at the same time.  My wife and I have been members at  Funktional for over a year,  the results are superb!!
5	Funktional Fitness is my favorite place to work out, ever! Everyone who works here is extremely friendly and helpful all of the time, no matter if you work out with them individually or not. The environment is very comfortable and all of the trainers provide knowledge, workouts, motivation, and reliability at a much higher caliber than you will find at any chain gym and even many other personal training studios. It is obvious that everybody who works at Funktional Fitness cares a great deal about their own health and the health of their clients as well. I have been training with Kristina three times a week for 8 weeks and throughout that time she has really taken the time to listen to my desires and goals and talk with me about my experience on a regular basis: the workouts, what I like, what I don't like, my results, etc. I feel like she tailors the workouts to me personally and that she truly cares about my progress.Nobody here ever pressures you into buying heftier packages, adding on more sessions, purchasing supplements, etc. which is such a nice change of pace compared to most.I would highly recommend Funktional Fitness for anybody looking for serious personal training, a fun environment to work out in a group setting, or even anybody looking to learn how to work out better and clean up their diet in order to maintain it on their own.
4	I found out about this place at a Gilbert Small Business Alliance Mixer.They had a 3 minute fitness challenge and I for some God forsaken reason entered it.WOW, what a work out. My arms were sore for 2 days from a 3 minute drill.I went back in today for a training session. The trainers are polite, professional and knowledgeable. I was very impressed.The only down side to this place is they have a co-ed restroom and no locker room. I am used to showering and changing at the gym, not here.I really love their style of training, They really work on core muscles and balance, not on increasing your bench press. Their program works you in ways that will help you in your day to day life, I guess that is why it is called Funktional.I will be returning to this place and if you have the time to check it out, I highly recommend it.
4	Now I have been going to this place for a week.The first session was pretty much all about the warm up, lots of stretching and moves that help loosen you up. (I didn't know my body could bend and move like that.)The second session was more intense, yes we warmed up but we did some moves that were similar to yoga and then added a kettle bell weight just to make things interesting.  (I will learn to hate the kettle bell one day I am sure) Some of the drills may look a little funny but it is amazing how you can feel these drills working while you are doing them. Another cool thing is the trainer has you make one little change and you feel the workout effect a different area.My trainer was great and that is one thing that separates this place from the rest, the trainers get to know you, they work with you for the entire session and design a program that is right for you. (Of course I got the young studly guy instead of one of the many HOT female trainers they have here. I'm not complaining, this helped me focus on my work out) This is not the same old circuit training you've seen in the past.At the end of the second day my trainer worked with me on cooling down and stretching. I don't mean that he stood there and told me what to do, He actually was hands on, stretching and increasing range of movement. It was awesome.I should mention here that I have not disclosed the trainers name here for a reason; they have several trainers, and while I work with the same one every time I have seen many of the others and they are all great.Now the workouts are more intense, I am feeling the change start and I am liking it. With out using weights I am working and stretching till parts of my body shake. My trainer calls it the tremor of truth) and there are some weights we use on other days but the program changes daily so there is no getting bored with the same old thing each time. This is not back and bicep one day chest and triceps the next day. This is working groups of muscles and strengthening your core muscles while improving balance and flexibility.I mentioned before that they do not have lockers or showers but I recently learned that they are expanding and will have showers and lockers in the new facility that should open on October.I have belonged to several gyms over the years and even had personal trainers, however these guys take the extra time needed to make sure you get out of the program what you want and make you feel more like a friend when you walk in the door than a number on a membership card.Check it out, I'm glad I did.
5	Love me some funk fitness. The crew here is awesome. The owners are trainers and involved every step of the way. This is a great boutique - style training gym. Lots of cross fit built into the workouts. They do one on one training as well as small groups. High energy, friendly, and all workouts are individualized. I've not found anything like this in the E. Valley. They incorporate all sorts of different styles of workout - including getting you outside.
5	The owners at Funktional Fitness are so great, they donated personal training to a fund raiser, and that's how I got started.  I used to view personal training more of a splurge than getting a massage, and didn't even consider it.  I had the impression it would be expensive, but how they have structured their business is brilliant.  They have made access to personal training affordable, and their group fit workouts are a fraction of the cost of hiring a personal trainer.  I started 2 years ago, and plan on continuing indefinitely.  I drive 16 miles round trip just to work out there, it is so great.The body changes as we grow older, and even eating the same healthy diet, with my metabolism slowing I was accumulating fat, my clothes weren't fitting.  I was not happy.   I checked out a couple of gyms, and their classes were packed, impersonal, and the stale air smelled of  sweaty bodies. At Funkfit, the classes are small, they know your name.  Now I am in the best shape I have ever been in my life.I am a business partner of Cook Remodeling and Custom Construction, and time is precious for me.  Their team of Personal Trainers strategically plan six week cycles, one week strength, the next endurance, and every day a different format (trx, kettle bells, free weights, etc.).  I show up, get a full, intense 60 minute workout that builds muscle, burns fat, and aerobically conditions.  I don't have to think what to do, and frankly on my own I would never push myself and get such a good work out.   They have great stretches after the workout too. I feel great.  I can fit in my clothes again (saves money from having to buy bigger sizes!)Its rare to feel so happy about a service, and I am so glad to be a member!  They are such a positive group of people who will take the time to answer questions, help, give tips.  The last time I went on a business trip, it was practically effortless putting my carryon in the overhead luggage bin on the airplane.   My husband was amazed.   I have Funktional Fitness to thank for that.  They have introductory programs for people to give it a try.  I would suggest a minimum of six months and you will really witness the benefits of the tone and energy you will gain from their workouts.
5	I went to my first Kettlebell class this morning. I bought a Groupon deal a few months ago and I've finally made time to get to this studio. I must say that I'm quite impressed! The class wonderfully done. The instructor took great care in making sure students' form was good, because you can hurt yourself with these things if you're not careful.The gym is clean. The people are more than friendly, very helpful, and certainly appear to be genuinly interested in each client's needs and goals. My Groupon is for 20 kettlebell classes. Now that I'm working again, I might find a few bucks to keep going on kettlebell. I'll have to wait and see how my body changes in the next 20 sessions. Between that and the 2 Pilates classes each week, I hope to be in better shape very soon!Thanks Funktational Fitness!
5	Funktional Fitness is the best place to go if you are interested in changing your body. Their groupfit sessions have personal trainers as instuctors leading class. All the movements are precise and core related. The staff rocks and are super friendly, no long term commitments, lots of class times, and they are always there to answer any questions. They also have guest speakers do presentaions on various health topics. I am glad I found Funktional Fitness and I will never go back to a regular gym
5	As much as I dislike working out, there isn't anything I dislike about this gym!!!  The adage, "you get what you pay for" really holds true here.  Yes the membership is on the expensive side (but they have awesome specials!), it's worth every penny for the personalized attention you get (even in group classes - average class size whenever I go is about 5 people!) and the high level of training you get.  The workouts are fun and varied and super challenging - there has not been a single workout that I haven't been sore the next day.  I love walking in and being greeted by my first name, not like when you walk into a mega-gym and you're simply one of the thousands of faces that walk through the door each day.  All the trainers and even the owners make a point to learn everyone's name and get to know you.The trainers are constantly working to improve their skills and learn new things to keep the workouts interesting and fresh.  They also discuss nutrition and focus on the overall process of being/getting healthy and fit.If you're looking for something fun & different other than the treadmill or elliptical and especially if you're looking for one-on-one training with a trainer that will work you hard and help you with YOUR specific goals - this is the place for you.
5	If you are looking for a home and family to help you improve yourself, Funktional Fitness is the place to be!!. I have never been a big fan of the "exercise" word, but the incredible team at Funktional Fitness makes you realize that it can be fun and beneficial all at the same time!  They offer group-fit sessions with personal trainers as instructors leading class.  You can also choose to sign up for private or semi private training.  But no matter what you choose, the trainers welcome you and encourage you to become at least 1% better each day.  Before you know it, you are stronger, leaner, and faster than you were.  All of the staff is amazing and friendly, it is so nice to be greeted by name every time I walk into the door.  I am so glad I found Funktional Fitness and I consider them and the people I have met there as part of my family!
5	I think the other reviews pretty much sum up what the FunkFit experience is all about. For me, all I know is that this is probably the 100th time of joining a gym/fitness center but it's the first time I've actually kept going and almost daily! I don't even want to think about the amount of $$$'s I've wasted by signing up at a club, gone hell for leather for the first 2 weeks and then never bothered to turn up again, yet still had the monthly fees taken out of my bank account just in case. Ugh. Funktional Fitness is different because you feel like you're an individual and really you become part of the family. There are no judgements about what your abilities are, just encouragement, motivation and support. And laughs, always plenty of laughs.No grunting body builders here, no treadmills and no sales pitches. They put the 'Fun' and 'Funk' in Fitness... :)
5	I am very impressed by the individual approach they take towards creating a program that will provide the most benefit for your effort.  It seems like they are always open, and the entire staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  Also, they don't employ a high pressure approach towards membership or personal training.  Their products and services are the best form of marketing.
5	A best kept secret! Dedicated (and caring) staff, innovated methods, and first class equipment.  Walking through those doors will change your life. I lost 130lbs there several years ago and have not regained it back.  They brought me back to life.  Forget the box gyms.
5	Oh fitness ... my arch nemesis for so many years!Yes, I have joined gyms large and small in the past in London, New York and here in the valley. Frankly they were all the same to me. Uninspiring dungeons with rows of hamsters running on wheels ... you know what I mean!So then I stumble across Funktional Fitness when i move to downtown Gilbert and things changed. The first thing to say is that this is not a gym. It's a fitness destination where you can work out to make everyday activities easier while losing weight and getting fit. There are group classes, private sessions and even sessions for couples all run by coaches that are genuinely invested in your fitness journey. I have two private sessions a week with Coach Jeremy and Coach Luis and they are both excellent. My attitude to working out has done a 180 now that I see it can actually be enjoyable when you are in the hands of people that not only know what they are doing but actually care about your results.
5	Hands down a fantastic place to workout.  The staff is highly trained and will give you an amazing workout every day.   When you walk in, everyone is very inviting.  No stuffy, clicky gym stuff.  Group classes are my favorite.  But they also offer private and semi-private training. Highly recommend doing the initial month with the assessment.  Great tools for current and future use.
5	I LOVE my training studio! It is filled with fantastic coaches and team members. This is the place for you if you want to perfect the quality of your movements. They have helped me get stronger, improve my endurance, increase my mobility and taught me how to make the best nutritional choices. I'm hooked for life!
5	This is not your typical gym or personal training gym. These people are the friendliest trainers and gym staff that I have ever met. They are very smart when it comes to your body and how to do workouts correctly. We just started, and I can not wait to update you all in the next 30 days. Come check this place out!
5	I love this place! I've never been to a gym where I've felt so welcome. The staff is so great and all the trainers are very knowledgable! I definitely recommend this place.
5	My wife and I loved our time at Funk Fit! We both agreed that we got the best workouts we have ever gotten working out here. The staff is beyond helpful and friendly, and so is every member. This place had a great atmosphere that makes you want to come back. I must say, our favorite person here is Paige, but they're all great! We are considering signing up for a longer period of time now that our trial is over.
