5	I always become highly enthusiastic when I see that someone else was just as blown away by a place as I was. I mean, I knew about this shop before I'd even stepped foot in Edinburgh. And, sadly, it took me quite a long time to get myself to Stockbridge to check it out. But whoa. Whoa. If you don't have either a) an addictive personality or b) a record player, then this shop might not be for you. I happen to possess both a) and b). You see, I moved into a house that came equipped with hundreds of records and I managed to borrow a friend's record player, so now I get over-excited at the prospect of buying new records. The Oxfam Music Shop is THE place to go. I mean, they have their 'valuable' section, which I steer clear of because the prices are in the double digits, but I found the Valley Girls soundtrack for 4 pounds and other records for even cheaper. There's a mistaken assumption that because records are so old and not in high demand that they're cheaper than CDs. This is not true. At all. But the Oxfam Music Shop isn't extortionate at all. So get on it, folks. Be addicted. Very little beats listening to a record instead of music on your iTunes.
3	I went to this shop with high expectations of what would be on offer expecting it to offer a bargain a minute on all music items, but instead the shop offers a slightly disappointed range of music.  To be honest with you its CD collection is rather small.  Elsewhere I've seen about 100 times as many CDs all listed at similar prices so this place isn't exactly a winner in terms of range on offer.What this place does offer is a chance to help out charitable causes whilst doing something you enjoy in the form of buying music.  Despite this I'm sceptical about the success of this shop.  Its range is very disappointing and people rarely buy CDs anymore.  The final killer blow for any hopes you might have for this shop are that it's not that cheap so I'll go elsewhere and the chance is that you will want to as well.
4	Staying on a Guilty Pleasures tip, this Oxfam is a great place to go if you have a serious soft spot for soft rock, eighties pop, wack hip hop or white boy reggae! Devoted solely to the art of music, it has racks of secondhand CDs, tapes and vinyl at cheap and cheerful prices. Whilst most of the stock is too mainstream for my personal taste - think lots of Abba, Elton John, Duran Duran, Wings, Rolling Stones, UB40, Simply Red, Eurythmics & Leona Lewis - they do get occasional gems in. I managed to pick up an early Lee Hazlewood album last year and a rare Morricone soundtrack back in April. As all the stock has been donated, the condition ranges item to item which means it's worth checking the actual vinyl or CDs for scratches or warping before you buy.
3	A great spot to pick up cheap vinyl with honest information about the condition. Records go through the 'new in' section first, so this tends to be where the good stuff is lurking. You'll also occasionally find something interesting in the stacks once everything has been categorised, but there's an awful lot of flicking to do (which is great if you actually enjoy that).There's a turntable with headphones to check out your potential purchases and the staff are helpful and friendly, so set aside a bit of time to browse properly.If you're after classical, there's always Shelter down the road, which seems to offer a slightly larger selection. And the jazz and soul categories (which are the main reasons I go) are often a bit lean, but that's hardly the shop's fault.I don't always come out with a bag in my hand, but neither can I walk down Stockbridge high street without popping in.
