5	This review is based solely on my initial evaluation. First off I waited almost 4 months to get an appointment (either a really good sign or really crappy management). Finally they called me to schedule my son for an appointment. I thought my boy had the beginnings of a stutter so I wanted to get him checked up (Lord knows its tough enough to be a kid...and throw a possible speech impediment in the mix). I was told to be there at 9am and maybe a wee bit earlier to fill out the necessary paperwork.We were called back promptly and met with Smitha. Smitha was AMAZING with kids. She assessed his stutter by conversing with my boy. They had a blast looking at pictures, playing with Play-dough and messing around with the cool toys. She asked me about his home life and possible contributing factors. She concluded that he didn't have a problem and this was very normal for 3-4 year old boy. I was given some tips on how to help him even further. I am so thankful I don't need to send my boy to regular speech therapy. I am glad Smitha was so honest (she could have easily said that I needed to send him there twice a week). I will forever recommend My Left Foot and Smitha to all my friends with kids.
5	My 12 year old son goes to MLFCT once a week for Occupational Therapy. He has a seizure disorder and developmental delays. I drive all the way from Boulder City because it is worth the drive.  Kerri is really good with my son and understands his struggles. Working with Kerri, my son is slowly coming out of his shell and learning new skills that can help him in everyday life. I see the other therapists and how they interact with the children. They are very caring and the kids seem to really like them. A place like this is definately needed in Las Vegas and I'm so thankful that they are open everyday.
1	Its a shame that the wonderful Speech Therapists there are over shadowed by the horrendous business practices. Don't Do it Moms, don't schedule an appt here. We had a twice a week standing appt with a wonderful Therapist, we never missed any and were never late. We got a call that she had unexpectedly resigned and they would work to get us in with a new one as fast as possible. As disconcerting as it was to have to explain to my son that his therapist was gone and someone new would be working with him (sticking fingers in his mouth and holding his jaw and so on, he needs speech help) I agreed. We made an appt with someone new, she had a cancellation and were eager to go in.MY son woke up with Dia, a fever, and his nose running and a loud deep cough, I called in two hrs before the last min appt and told them about my son. THIS PLACE HAS A TEN DOLLAR canceled appt fee, I get it. They are covering their own to stop ppl from flaking. Every policy needs wiggle room. YOUR speech therapist resigned out of nowhere, we took a last minute appt with someone new and when I call in because my son is sick as a dog, they wouldn't budge on their policy. Absolute shame. They lost our business completely. Forewarned parents.
1	I wish I would have had an experience like any of the other moms, but mine was not so great.  My daughter got a referral to this place in June 2012, and I called to set up a time to schedule the initial eval, they had no idea what I was talking about. I called 2 other times and still no clue on the referral.  Two months later I located the referral letter and called again, this time saying I have the actual letter.  The lady takes my name and number and says I will be called back.  A month and a half later (more than 3 months after the referral) I get a call to schedule an appointment. Well now I have new insurance, but instead of making the appointment (which all openings are still another month and a half out), I am told I need to wait until I actually have my insurance card.  Really?  This has been an absolute nightmare and if they can't figure out how to schedule or find a referral, then I really question whether they would be organized enough to help my child.
4	I was having trouble getting my son into the Clark County School District speech therapy program when we first moved, and a friend of mine recommended My Left Foot. She said that Sharon, one of the speech and language pathologists there, did a wonderful job with her daughter.We only went once because then the school system called, but I was really impressed by the programs they had -- not just speech but physical therapy, yoga, aquatic classes and more. They work with a wide variety of developmental issues to help those kids get on a more even playing field with their peers, just when they need it most.
5	I usually don't take my youngest sister in for her appointments, as I just moved down here after getting out of the military, but for some reason she wanted me there. I was a little nervous and felt a bit out of place...that is until I walked in the door; it was a totally friendly atmosphere and the munchkin seemed to know everyone.We were called back right on time and Kimberly, my sister's speech therapist,  seemed very sincere and warm. I loved the way she spoke to the little one (I'm a bit overprotective) and how she was somehow able to keep her attention throughout the whole session. The woman never lost her patience, or looked as if she were anything other than happy to be there. It's nice to know my family is being taken care of no matter where I am on the globe. The people there truly care for our children, or in my case, siblings.
5	This facility has many adaptive programs that are great for kids of all ages. I love how the therapists strive to make kids comfortable and at ease at all times. It is incredibly difficult to find such a caring center that treats so many different illness from physical to emotional; all are included.One of the things I admire about this therapy center over all others in Vegas, is their involvement in the community. While making money is great, there are very few centers that raise funds for and lend a helping hand to non profits. To all who participated from My Left Foot Children's Therapy- Thank you for doing the Buddy Walk for Southern Nevada Down Syndrome Association! I really admire the staff, classes and organization that is My Left Foot Children's Therapy and highly recommend them for your kids!
5	My Left Foot Children's Therapy has a great sense of community involvement. The office/center is nice, and they offer a wide variety of services-not just personal therapy, but special classes such as yoga and tae kwon do. Super cool. I feel like many places do not offer what this place does. They are also open 7 days a week, which is really convenient.
5	My niece Katelyn was getting speech therapy through her school, but she wasn't making much progress and her parents started looking for alternatives. I found this place online and after they visited to see it for themselves, they signed her up. They started seeing progress within the first few sessions, and just by talking with my niece I could see lots of progress too. I've driven Katelyn to a couple appointments. The staff and the facilities are excellent. Katelyn actually looks forward to her sessions, which I never would've expected. In short, My Left Foot is absolutely first-rate.
5	One of my friends has a child with a developmental delay, and on one occasion, I accompanied her to this office for her daughter's therapy session. The staff was so friendly and helpful to us as adults, and more importantly, they were even more warm and welcoming to her daughter! It was very obvious that the staff truly cared about the children to whom they provide service, because during the therapy session, we could tell that the therapist sincerely enjoyed her opportunity to connect with children. I would recommend this office to anyone!
5	Have a co-worker whose son has ADHD  and some sensory issues, and he took him there based off a referral from co-worker.I tagged along to see for my own son. They were great, the therapists really know what they are doing. They engage the children in a manner that makes them more approachable and puts them at ease.  They are very caring and really want to help your child succeed.  I already have an appointment for my son for his ADHD and speech issues.
1	I am too in the same situation as the other moms with the scheduling and business practices being terrible. My daughter was given a referral by her pediatrician. They sent over the referral while I was in their office and I was given a copy as well. I called the next morning to schedule an appointment. I was to told that as soon as they went through the referrals and came upon hers they would give us a call. I called early the next week again and was told the same things. 2 weeks later I received a call from the billing department. They said that they wanted to go over the insurance information. I gave them all our information and was then told that they needed to verify the insurance and once they did that they would call back to schedule an appt. Well same thing again, no call back. Again 2 weeks later they called back and told me that they had verified the insurance and would like the schedule an appt. Well I had already gone somewhere else that I am very happy with. We never even got a chance to see a therapist here because of their poor office practices.
5	My Left Foot Children's Therapy has the best feeding therapy in Las Vegas. My Sister took her son their when he was 2 was years old because he had a problem holding a spoon.  She took him to My Left Foot Children's Therapy for the food therapy program at their clinic. Everyone there is great with kids. Her son was happy the whole time. My Nephew now after receiving the food therapy program can eat with a spoon in his hand. My Left Foot Children's Therapy is the best place to bring your kid they make great things happened.
5	This clinic does wonders for children. My best friend took her son there when he was 6 because he was speaking with a lisp. After several months working with Sharon he improved tremendously. They are diligent in their care but also patient and kind. I would recommend My Left Foot to anyone seeking therapy services for children simply because I have seen the results and know how much the staff there touched the lives of my friend and her son. They will be forever grateful!
4	I usually don't go out of my way for reviews unless they a place is amazing. My Left Foot Children's Therapy is really just wonderful. I don't know what my family would've done without them! My niece was born with clubbed feet and the doctors were so incredibly kind and kept my sister calm. Most importantly they're so knowledgable about the latest medical techniques to help children's bodies heal and grow. It took only a few months to get her tiny feet turn in the proper direction so she could start crawling. Emily, Nicole, and Rebecca are amazing to work with. The environment is really kid-friendly and engaging. My niece was always excited for her appointments. If your child is having physical or speech issues give MLF a try as soon as you can. They will do everything they can to help.
5	We love  my left foot childrens therapy. Our family is from Honolulu, Hawaii. We come here for speech therapy. I would travel there in an instant before being faced with the terrible pediatric speech therapy we are faced with in hawaii. They are able to calm my son so quickly and help him learn. his tantrums are calmed in seconds. THey dont restrain him like other therapists have.They try to understand him and find how HE learns best. We miss you all and hope to see you soon!!
1	It's been MONTHS since I initially called this place to schedule an evaluation for my daughter. They have called me TWICE the day of to try to get her in. Really?? People have JOBS, I cannot just drop what I am doing and run there. I have asked them multiple times for at least a week in advance notice, they just say they will put it on our file. Who is in charge of this place??
