5	What fun!  Tonight was her first show before opening!  She is truly Divine!  Seeing the show -- even with a few flaws -- made her seem, if possible, more flawless!  Her show is high energy -- a laugh riot -- she's really seriously funny -- and then pure Bette -- great music, hilarious jokes, completely current - and a reflection on her past -- and what fun she has.  It's a great ride.  First there are gorgeous showgirls - she calls them her Caesar Salad Girls ("22 babes with 44 perfect tits" and not a French Canadian circus performer in the bunch -- big laughs here...) and the Staggering Harlots (her 3 lovely backup singers) -- who arrive in Vegas, thanks to a tornado in the desert...and... "boy is my ass tired..." (she comes onstage riding a burro...)It's going to be a superhot show -- and she says it best -- with "me, Cher & Elton -- what a lineup for the gays!"  Big applause here... She's raw -- yes, more than a few f-bombs (the folks sitting next to us left after the second song, but it was definitely their loss...) -- "I'm a f***ing Goddess...dammit... She sang non-stop (6 really quick costume changes) for 100 minutes solid...no  lip synching here...(take a lesson, Britney and Ashley...).  The best moments were the bubbles -- she came out after her first costume change and we think, she fell off her shoes -- after a hilarious save -- she gave the shoes to someone offstage, reentered and did the song all over barefooted -- she was terrific.  Her big hits -- still are...she gets them all in.   You won't be disappointed for a second...Bette, welcome to Vegas!  We're so happy you're here!
5	Yippee Yahoo.....Okay.... so we are flying to Vegas in our nicely upgraded first class seats... we meet two men who are also flying to Vegas in their nicely upgraded first class seats... we start chatting.... they ask what we are planning to do while in Vegas... we say... "sorta open might take in a few shows".... they say... "Well we had two friends who were suppose to come to see Bette Midler with us but they had to cancel"... "would you ladies like the tickets".....Wow... we say "of course we would how much do you want for the tickets".... they say "nothing".......  Turns out these tickets had a face value of $300.00 count em $300.00 each!!!   We offered to buy them dinner, take them for drinks, do strip, suck, tease... I mean we are in Vegas after all and what happens in VEGAS stays in VEGAS.... Ohhhh did I mention these two guys were GAY.  They gave us a great gift without expecting anything nor would they take anything in return.  Ahhhhhhhhh I love life!!!  Now on to the show.  Bette is simply a wonderful entertainer and great comedian.  She had us in stitches.  Her voice projects and her talent and how gracious she is with her fans is totally unbelievable.  Our seats were 13 rows back center stage.  Can't get any better than that.
5	My mother, sister, and I went to see Bette when we were in Vegas this weekend at her "The showgirl must go on" show.  It was great!  She is such a great entertainer.  She made you laugh, cry, and cheer out loud.  She was telling some of the funniest jokes, and some of the segments in the show were hilarious.  In her usual style, she belted out her classics flawlessly.  I wondered how the show would be as my mother wanted to see it, but I was not let down.  There definitely was some adult humor, and I havent laughed that hard in awhile!  The showgirls are gorgeous, Bette is a diva, and I highly recommend you go see this show!You will not be sorry!
5	Bette is in wonderful form for her show at the Ceasar's Palace.Our group had a great time - we laughed...we cried...we sang...we highly recommend it even if you're not a big Bette fan. I wouldn't say I'm a big Bette fan myself but I really enjoyed the music, the dancing, the set, and of course...the showgirls - and that includes Bette.
5	When I saw Bette Midler being interviewed on someone's TV show earlier this year, she mentioned she will probably retire after her Las Vegas two year run. Retire?  Well, she is 62.  I've been to Bette Midler concerts for the past 30 years and thought okay, i've gotta go to this one even if she does make a comeback at age 70...I wasn't disappointed.  The venue was huge...how did she run back and forth across the stage?  There wasn't a bad seat in the house, although bringing a pair of binoculars is recommended if you can't afford the $300 tickets and are seated in the upper levels.  The Divine Miss M's energy wasn't toned down much, although she did include aging jokes several times in her schtick.  But, she still could get around in that mermaid costume and tell those nasty, fun jokes. And her voice is still as big as ever.  She still belts 'em out!  If you can afford to go, it's one not to miss.  We used our tax incentive checks...flew Virgin Air (GREAT) and stayed at The Platinum Hotel (see review).
5	I saw the show two nights in a row and enjoyed it tremendously both nights.The Devine still is.  The show was Fun, Enjoyable and Heartwarming.  Long time fans will not be disappointed.I lucked out in getting great seats (thanks to AE presales), only two rows behind Clive Davis.  I hear Celine was also in the house Friday night, but missed seeing her.  The expensive seats are well worth the great view.
5	This is a current version of an old school Vegas show. Bette still has a great voice, great delivery of jokes, and a personality like you have known her forever. The sets were great. All the seats are good at Ceasers.
4	Bette Midler is a classic and she is worth seeing. Her show is like a typical Las Vegas show with showgirls aka the Caesar Salad girls. The untypical part that is Bette are the dirty jokes interlaced between the eye tearing ballads. The women can sing and she look fabulous for a lady over 60. I got discount tickets using a discount code from Travel Zoo. My tickets were $45 before the service fees and the seats are in the first mezzanine.
5	Bette Midler is an entertainer in every sense of the word. She sings, she dances, she acts, she tells bawdy jokes and all this at the tender age of 63. This is an old school Vegas show and it radiates class. It's worth every dime to see a performer of this caliber in person. Bette sings for nearly 100 minutes during this show. See this show while you can and spring for seats on the floor so that you can truly enjoy it. But skip the $130 souvenir t-shirt. The showgirl must go on, indeed!
4	My dad got some free tickets to watch Bette Midler so I decided to take advantage of it (i think i was the youngest person there- seriously!)I think I only know one song by Bette and that's it- my dad tells me that he's been listening to her songs over 30 years ago, before I was born. The crowd were mainly older adults and the stadium was packed.I enjoyed the show, mainly when she was singing the slower songs and when she was talking and crackin jokes. The fast beat songs just didnt cut it for me. The stage set up, costumes and dancers were all great. As for Bette Midler, she is FREAKING HILARIOUS!
4	I had absolutely no expectations going into the show.  That way, I would be neither disappointed nor... appointed?  (jk)Well I'm happy to report that Bette Midler puts on an amazingly hilarious and enjoyable show!  She is truly a world-class entertainer and perfect for the Las Vegas strip.  The production is also of high quality with excellent lighting, backgrounds, and props.I was surprised to discover how potty-mouthed she is.  Do not bring your kids!  She may also alienate some people with her left-wing jokes.  Funny stuff!Incidentally, the highlight for me was definitely "The Rose."
5	The whole reason we planned a trip to Vegas was to see Bette Midler. My Mom saw her perform at a concert in central park in the 70's on her way to fly to Europe. I always heard her tell that story and thought that since I've become such a Bette fan myself, it would be a great experience to see her perform together in Vegas. She's just such a stellar old school performer. She has these little quips thrown in between songs and a knack for interacting with the audience. Not to mention her cast of back up dancers that help carry the show. She can belt it out like nobodies business. And she looked AMAZING in costume after costume.
5	Bette Midler still has it. She did her shtick, cracked a few jokes, and sang all of her good songs. I really enjoyed the showgirls - from the dancing to the costumes - really made the show. I do have to say that the mermaid routine in the middle was a little "huh?" but again the costumes were divine. It is definitely an adult show and it was amusing watching the reactions of some of the older guys sitting around us. The show was an hour and a half with no intermission. We were in the 1st Mezzanine and the seats were good. The Coliseum is an excellent venue - very large, nice big stage, plush seats. They even have a bar so you can bring a drink in (note that the prices are way above your typical Vegas price).
5	Bette was fabulously funny and the show was great. Yes, my sister and I were the youngest in our row by 20 years, but we enjoyed the show. Bette was current on her stories & jokes poking fun at celebrities and herself throughout the show. The singing, dancing, the set & costumes were AMAZING! If you have the funds, go see this.
4	Please make way for the fantabulous Miss M aka Bette Midler! She is funny, down to earth, "REAL" and an awesome performer! Before I saw her, I ranked Tina as the highest Diva/Live Performer, now, Bette gets the place of honor.This shows has everything to keep you going, the quintessential Vegas-style Showgirls, the no hold barred jokes & fun and great collection of songs that you can relate too.My partner & I were lucky to get a really good deal on the tix. We bought our tix at Ceasers box office in the morning of the Saturday, Nov 7, 2009 show. We got a deal for 2 rear orch seat back to back by the corner for only $145 each instead of $180. But being me, i went back to the box office an hour before the show and asked if there's better seat available in the center section and of course there were & even next to each other, so, we upgraded to the middle 2 seats of 4th rows from the front of the center section of rear orchestra and paying the full price of $180 each, its WORTH IT! I dont even need to use my binocular, the theater is just right size and in my opinion, theres no bad seat as long as you keep to the floor...So, if you are in Vegas and Bette is playing, GO! This is a MUST SEE show of Vegas... My partner and I had a great time and i was all sentimental during the finale when she rendered the lovely "Wing Beneath My Wing". Love ya Bette!
5	WHATA SHOW! WHATA DAME! I feel privileged to see her 2ed to last show at the fabulous Cesar's Palace Coliseum! Where does this broad get all her energy? She sings (LIVE!), dances and tell the dirtiest jokes! These young performers today could learn A LOT from the Divine Ms. M!! BRAVO BETTE!!
5	Bawdy, gaudy & just like Bette.  The stage was a little big and the scenery a bit sparse at times, but Bette was the focus.  Her Delores bit in the middle is a scream.
5	One of the best shows in Las Vegas, I am sad that January is her last month, I have seen her show two times and each time it was marvelous. Theres a lot of her hits as well as songs I haven't heard and also throws in some comedy making it an enjoyable night for everyone. The first time I sat in the front orchestra pretty close to the stage and they were awesome seats. The second time in rear orchestra, which is farther back, but come on it's Bette Midler, I am happy just to say we shared the same building. When she comes back this month make it a must see, she won't be here too much longer.
5	The first and last time I saw Bette Midler perform live was ...brace yourself...34 years ago when she was touring to plug one of her early albums. I was a pimply-faced teen who just got my driver's license and borrowed my dad's aquamarine '68 Pontiac Catalina to drive to the Berkeley Community Center with a gaggle of like-minded pubescents. I remember not only her repertoire of mostly retro-songs but also her hilarious impersonation of Shelley Winters in "The Poseidon Adventure" (it requires placing your belly on a barstool). She's 64 now and looking pretty great all things considered. Her show this past Sunday, cheekily dubbed "The Showgirl Must Go On", is not only a tribute to her storied career but also a fresh take on her legendary status amid the recycling of familiar characters from days of yore such as Delores DeLago, the wheelchair-riding mermaid lounge mainstay, and aged chorine Soph, Bette's tribute to burlesque comedienne Sophie Tucker. The show starts with a CGI-generated twister on a big screen that segues into Bette singing her big-band number, "Big Noise from Winnetka". The energy never flags, least of all Bette, who goes through the mandatory costume changes in record time.Unlike Cher's more contemporary, Cirque-inspired show, Bette's is pure vintage Vegas with twenty beautiful showgirls, the Caesar Salad girls, to go along with her back-up trio, the Staggering Harlettes (her term, not mine). The ever-changing sets are elaborate and sumptuous, but nothing overshadows the diminutive Midler. Her voice is the best I've heard it in a long time despite a lost crescendo note on "When a Man Loves a Woman". All the hits are here from the kitschy "Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy of Company B" (backed by a video of her as the Andrews Sisters circa 1973) to "The Rose" (performed as a duet with surprise guest Pink) to her vocal high point, a haunting rendition of John Prine's "Hello in There". But Bette is also a first-class comic providing risque zingers about Celine Dion, Sarah Palin, Rush Limbaugh and Tiger Woods to make even this fan blush between hysterical fits of laughter ("I guess his wife didn't know what he meant when he said he was playing 18 holes."). The woman just knows how to deliver a punchline. She even sets up her last song with sincere gravity and starts to sing the opening bars of Celine's "My Heart Goes On" before taking things more seriously with "Wind Beneath My Wings". Jamie W. and I had great seats in the rear orchestra section which cost us $145 a piece the day before. Well worth it given that Bette proved to be both a diva and a trouper throughout the ninety-minute set. My one regret in sharing this review now is that she finishes her two-year run at the Colosseum at the end of the month, but I'm sure Bette is not one to avoid another encore.
5	Bette Midler is amazing! Her show is a combination of full-out performances with her Caesar Salad girls and her Harlettes, individual odes to her classic songs, and a string of jokes punching fun at the latest news headlines. I'm so glad to have caught the show before it ends this month.My friend and I found some amazing tickets for sale through Travelzoo. We ended up spending $45 (before tax) for rear orchestra seats. Yes, we were sitting all the way to one side but it was amazing nonetheless.This show is not meant for kids as she does use "colorful" language, but that's the beauty of Bette. She is so funny and just being herself.What was great was that she ended the show with a plug for supporting the people of Haiti by having her folks stand outside with buckets to collect donations. And she said that she would more than match whatever was collected. Bette is first-class all the way!Since she's ending her show this month, all her merchandise is on sale in her and Cher's store. They sell these gift bags inside the show, but I'd recommend going to the store and buying the items individually  to save your money and buy the things you actually want.
5	The first time I saw Bette was at the (formerly known as) MCI center about nine years ago in Washington D.C. We had nose bleed seats and the acoustics were awful.  It was like being under one hundred feet of water and trying to watch something fifty feet above the water, so I really didn't get to experience Bette.  I really didn't have any expectations when I went to see her for her first performance in 2010.  A good friend invited me to go and a shared experience was enough to get me to go.I had no idea what was in store for me. Hello Cesar's, with infinitely better acoustics and stage!  Nice to meet you, Orchestra Center Row J seats!  OMG!  Nice to meet you, Bette.. not some blurry echoing reverberating splotch but a real live person!  (and I must say.. you are looking fantastic)Her voice is amazing.  The show has a great range.  The Ceaser's chorus girls are talented and beautiful.  To top it off, Bette really connects with the audience.  She is hot and electrifying!  Go see her!  Now!
5	Simply divine! Went to the last show last night (I have been 3 previous times) and it was the best Bette yet. She Mentioned that she sang for the queen (of England LOL) this past year and she was asked to do a Beetles tune. She performed "In My Life" with Jake Shimabukuro accompanying her on ukelele, so that was a treat for someone(MOI) from Hawaii, then Gladys Knight showed up and serenaded her (&us) with "The Way We Were". Bette cried. During a regular part of her act that she talks about various LV entertainers including Donny & Marie across the street and uses the "F" word (in a funny way) ......anyway, during this bit...Marie Osmond came running down the aisle and teased Bette about her liberal use of the "F" word. Bette was shocked and it threw off her show a tiny bit, but was so cool. Celine Dion did a filmed sendoff for Bette that was lovely and did I say Bette cried and we cried along with her. In this economy, there will be no new extravagant production like this any time soon. Las Vegas is a little darker tonight. Love you Miss M. You truly are divine sweetheart!
4	She is still FanFuckingTastic!!  Funny, charming, tearjerking, exotic, erotic, a gal's gal, and a boys wetdream of the lead cougaress.The show was old LV and modern too.  Lots of glitz, showgirl tits, ass shakin, raunchy bawdy punchlines;  But something was missing.They needed to do ONE MORE show stopping eye popping trick to really make it unforgettable.But I will see her again!
5	Well, it's been almost a year since we went and saw Bette.  She puts on an amazing show! I had won the tickets on the radio (yay!) and almost gave them away, because we hadn't heard much about it.  Wow...we almost missed out on a great performance. There was amazing costumes, good music, and she keeps you laughing throughout the entire show.  I would pay to see her again...you won't be disappointed!
