5	Great place!!! Lindsey is such a sweet gal,  so knowledgeable and eager to please the customer.  She did exactly as I requested,  and darn near painless due to the type of wax used. Her studio is so peaceful, decorated in the most claiming blue and silver paint, gorgeous shear drapes,  and pictures of her professional photo shoots hung in a tasteful display.  Did I mention price... OMGosh,  so reasonable!!! I was blown away by her pricing, especially when you consider her location, her studio, and her knowledge!!! I highly recommend!!!
5	Great place to go routinely. The prices are great and she makes you feel very comfortable with pleasant conversation... can't get better than a $46 Brazilian! She used to work at European wax center so she still uses hard wax-- which if you've never tried it, is amazing (pain free, no sticky residue, less ingrowns etc)! I am so happy to have found her! Go check her out!!
5	I found Lindsay on a Groupon and still continue to go to her after the special was over. Her prices are great and she's flexible with her schedule and tries to accommodate your schedule. Her area is clean and relaxing.  She makes the somewhat embarrassing "bare all" very relaxing. You'll be happy you went!
5	I met Lindsey a couple years ago when she was working at another waxing studio. She has wonderful prices and in located in a great area. But most of all she makes you feel comfortable!  I would recommend her to everyone!
5	I too started going to Lindsey because of her close proximity to my house and a Groupon I found.  I continue to go to her because she makes you feel very comfortable while in an uncomfortable position.  She uses hard wax which is a whole new world compared to other waxing experiences I've had.  Can't beat her prices either. I STRONGLY urge anyone who has never tried a wax or is over the pain from other waxings to check her out!!! She's awesome and has a flexible schedule. Promise you will be pleased with the experience and result!!!
5	I found Lindsey through Living Social & I'm so happy I did! She makes the experience comfortable & professional. Not to mention she has given me the best results with waxing. Always smooth & minimal ingrowns. She will continue to get my business.
5	Lindsey is wonderful! I go to her for my Brazilian wax. She does a great job, makes you feel super comfortable and is fast! Thanks Lindsey :)
5	I found Lindsey through Groupon.  She is very sweet and friendly. Always makes you feel comfortable. I strongly recommend her for your waxing needs.
5	Best wax experience ever. I felt completely comfortable and enjoyed her pleasant conversation. Her prices are extremely reasonable and even without my groupon I plan on going back. She uses a hard wax which I wasn't sure about at first but it is less painful (yes that's true!) than the traditional strips and wax.
5	Best wax in town... Lindsey is very sweet and makes you feel comfortable.  Highly recommend!  :)
5	I started going to Lindsey when I moved to Phoenix only a week before my Scottsdale wedding. I had found her groupon which was a great deal! She fit me right in before my wedding to wax legs, underarms, upper lip and of course Brazilian. I had never done my legs, underarms or upper lip before but she walked me through it and was so friendly! I LOVE that she uses her hard wax, it hurts WAY less than usual wax and strips and I love her prices! I am getting less ingrown hairs and my waxes are lasting longer-I went 5 weeks without shaving my legs and it was only $30! She's convinced me to continue waxing my legs and underarms and to continue going to her for the services!!
5	Lindsey is the BEST!!! I bought a Groupon for a Brazilian wax and I will be going to her from now on and will recommend all of my friends to her.  She was so friendly and made the whole experience great. (As good as a Brazilian can be haha!) Very professional and also very clean!
5	Excellent!  Cute , clean, comfortable private room within a very nice salon.  Lindsey is very good at what she does and so sweet....I felt as comfortable as one can get...getting a Brazilian:) Her prices are reasonable enough to keep up with "maintenance".  I had purchased a Groupon and she immediately responded to my texted request for an appointment....actually got me in the same day to accommodate my tight schedule.  Who does that?  Awesome!  We'll definitely go back!
5	WOW!  Of all of the places I've tried in town, this was the best!!  I tried 4 pretty varied waxing locations around Scottsdale/Phoenix, Goldilocks-style, and this is the one that was just right. This is based on: 1. Quality of wax:  best final product, namely super smooth legs with no more than a few stray hairs - better than anyplace else. 2. Most efficient use of time:  she did an amazing job quickly (but without rushing or missing hair).3. Atmosphere: above a nice hair salon, in a super cute room which was pleasant and clean.  Plus, Lindsey uses a separate wooden popsicle stick thing (technical term) every time she dips into the wax, which is considered really sanitary.4. The price is right - even the more reasonable places I've checked out charge more.  If your want to switch to waxing, this is a lot more sustainable.5. Lindsey is awesome!  If you're going to spend time with someone on a regular basis, it helps if they're funny and kind and generally fun - she really is!To sum it up: best waxing experience in a lovely environment at a great price!
5	Lindsey is the BEST. I've been seeing her consecutively for almost a year (maybe over a year now) and wouldn't go to anyone else. She makes brazilian's virtually painless. I've had some AWFUL experiences elsewhere. I found her via Groupon and highly recommend her.
5	I found her on Groupon and I was pleasantly surprised considering the low price. She's kind, doesn't make the wax awkward whatsoever and does a great job with the actual wax. I would absolutely recommend her. :)
5	After traveling in South America for nearly two months, I called Lindsey in what can only be described as pure crisis mode - to see if she could take a last minute waxing appointment. And I was worried, really worried about how it would go, what she might think of me. I'm a new client, back in Phoenix visiting family. And if you think South America has jungles, well...um...you get the picture. I felt embarrassed to go see her because of my, er, unkept condition.And, drum-rolls please, Lindsey had an appointment open, THE SAME DAY, just a few hours later and also had a Groupon offer. I feel like I hit the lottery. MY HERO!!She's been in the biz for over a decade and it shows! Her customer service is impeccable. She's approachable, safe, conversational and totally and completely professional. She eased my feelings of embarrassment with reassurance and articulate conversation. Her salon is clean, organized and she did such an amazing bikini wax job, I had her do an upper lip wax as well.I almost hate to give Lindsey such a good review, because I want to keep getting those great appointments without having to wait! Go see her, she's awesome.
5	One of the best waxes I've had! Lindsey was efficient, thorough, and super sweet. I was in and out of the salon in 15 minutes!You can tell that Lindsey's been in business for more than a decade because she's professional, friendly, and makes the experience virtually painless.  She also does makeup!Best parts:1) Cleanliness: the studio is clean and inviting. She uses a different stick between dips, which is super important to avoid contamination!2) Wax: she uses hard wax rather than wax strips. This type of wax hurts less and has less of a risk of pulling off skin. I'm a fan!3) Products: Lindsey offers her own products to help with ingrowns and exfoliation. The coconut oil based ingrown serum is $25 and the exfoliation scrub is $35.Highly recommended, I'm gonna tell all my friends. Thanks, Linsdey for doing a great job and letting me talk your ear off!
