4	This is a friend's go to place for pollo and carne asada. I had it a while back and noted how tasty it was. The meats are nicely marinated and tender. More so than those I've had at Mariana's. He grilled up both again for Super Bowl. Seriously, good! I made him give me the location so I can stop in for my own supply. Soon, I'll have the husband fire up the grill and we'll have ourselves a fiesta.
4	Great little mercado!Anyone who misses the little neighborhood mercados in LA or San Gabriel will appreciate this place.Awesome meat counter and ceviches.  Good value!
5	This your one stop spot for any Mexican style grilling. Their marinaded meats can't be beat by any store anywhere.  I've been to both Cardenas and Mariannas and Islena puts them both to shame. They seriosly specialize in grilling and when I started buying from here people starting mistaking me for some Mexican grilling master. I'm not and you can be a fake Hispanic grilling master too. Simply shop here.  Truly a hidden gem and great value for the price!
3	This little market makes some killer salsas. I can get the mex fruit popsicles I like so much some of those popsicles are even flavored with salt and chili. Thats why the 3 stars.I don't recommend the meats, however.
5	Delicious meat!!! Best carne asada in town. I drove over 30 min to get here and it was well worth the drive.The Marinated Chicken here is very delicious.Very friendly staff.
5	Great selection of meats and chicken with great deals. Very friendly and helpful staff.
5	Best Al Pastor in town. Best pre-marinated meat period.
5	If you're looking for carne asada, ceviche, or any type of meat for a BBQ, this is the place.  Best carne asada I ever had, very juicy and  seasoned perfectly,  all you need to do is put it on your grill.
5	It's all about the meats.  Fire up the grill and get ready for a full on Mexican fiesta in your backyard!  They have an amazing selection of marinated meats at ridiculous prices.  You name it, they've got it at prices lower than you can buy any regular, non-marinated meat on sale at the grocery store.  Meat prices are anywhere from $1.49 - 4.99/lb.  Short ribs, steak, pollo, pork in a variety of marinades and cuts - fajita spice, adabada, you name it.  They also offer salsa, guacamole, beans, rice in pre-made packages.  The green salsa is soo freaking yummay.They're kinda hidden at the Rainbow/Smoke Ranch intersection.  I've driven by dozens of times and never noticed the spot until I discovered it on yelp and actually hunted it out.  Our backyard smelled adabada-rific, in fact we could overhear neighbors walking along the sidewalk commenting on the delicious grill aromas drifting over the walls.  And before finishing his first fajita, bf proclaimed he we was giddy with the meat sweats.
2	I babe mixed emotions on how I should rate this place. Let me start of by saying this place has excellent customer service. The employees are super friendly and the guy behind the counter was patient enough to explain the seasoning on the meats I bout 4 different kids and only are 2 of them. This is where zero stars start. The meat was more color than flavor if that makes any since. At first glance you'd think it would be packing flavor since it had all the seasoning on it but no let me tell you how disappointed I was when I went home and cooked it. No flavor at all on the meats. I ended up adding my own seasonings to it which kind of defeats the purpose of paying a little extra for it. I ended up dumping the other 2 cuts of meat due to no flavor and the meat was not tender at all. If you want good cuts of meat with tons of flavor at a reasonable price then head over to Larry's meat market
3	Run-down market, interior looks more like a convenience store slash bodega than a grocery, but they have all manner of cooking supplies here, including fresh produce, a great meat counter, fresh juices, more Mexican candies than you can shake a stick at, and a surprisingly extensive cosmetics section.Get the carne asada and grill at home, the chicken and beef fajitas plus some extra peppers and onions, chicken adobo legs are enormous (1/3 pound each, easily), fish ceviche is like $2/lb- can't beat that!Might want to take cash to shop here- my card wouldn't swipe at the register, my guy had to pay. Heads up, the Pollo Mobile truck is usually in the parking lot, grab groceries for later but grab dinner hot and ready from them.Side note: Yelp check in offers a dollar off rotisserie chicken, but I didn't even see any?
4	Let's be clear, if you are looking for Whole Foods or some fancy large market or full grocery store...this ISN'T the place to go. It is small, cramped and in a out of the way almost difficult to get into little shopping strip.  It is not well marked, signage is poor and the place does look a little run down from the outside.  If you are somewhat claustrophobic this may not be the market for you.  The place is packed from floor to ceiling and the isles are close.Now this place is freaking awesome for making the most out of every inch they have.  The cashier is tucked away in a little cubby hole to make more room for products. The meats are amazingly fresh, and a great selection of  pre-marinated and mixed dishes ready to just be cooked or grilled.  The fruit is fresh and I am always finding something new to try there.  Granted...I am a gringo who has no clue, but the fact I have yet to hear anyone else speak English in this place but me tells me I'm in the right place for authentic Latin American cuisine.  The staff always goes out of their way to make sure to help and makes suggestions on what to try and how to prepare something if I ask.  The icing on this cake is they are as cheap if not cheaper than the majority of the major chains I normally go to. I've slowly become a regular and look forward to trying something new they suggest and now have my favorites I can go to when I want to just run in and grab it.  Ok...maybe not run in, but squeeze in and wait a few minutes for the clerk...as there is always a line, but well worth it.
