5	I've been going to Dr. Heap for years and I can't say enough good things about him and his staff. First of all, I don't have dental insurance which kind of blows but Heap and Bunker offer an in-house patient program for people like me. For an enrollment fee (which last an entire year), I get two free sets of X-rays, two cleanings for $25 each, and 25% off all non cosmetic dental procedures with a $10 co-pay per visit. The enrollment fee pays for itself after your first visit. Who doesn't like saving money?When I arrive for my appointments I am always greeted with a big beautiful smiles and a welcoming hellos by all the staff. The dental hygienists are all awesome but I personally love Becca the most. She's so gentle and sweet and I feel completely at ease with her hands in my mouth scraping away at my teeth. My brother has had crooked teeth for as long as I can remember. He did their "6 Month Smile" which is braces put only on your front teeth that are visible when you smile. 6 month later he can now flash his pearly whites with pride because they are nicely aligned.  One of my most favorite things about Heap and Bunker is their state of the art technology. They have this machine that can make a perfectly fitting crown while you wait!! It takes 3D images of your teeth and then BAM, magic happens and your crown is ready. No need to make a mold out of that gross goo, no temporary crown, no ill fitting crown that always causes you grief. Just perfectly fitting goodness. I confidently recommend Heap and Bunker to EVERYONE!! There's no excuse to dread going to the dentist anymore!
5	Dr. Heap and his staff's attention to detail has been exemplary. From the moment I arrived in the office on my first visit,  I was given a warm greeting,  they made me feel like part of the family.  Once in the chair,  Dr Heap was very careful and attentive to my comfort levels.  His methods left me with no pain.  I've been to a lot of dentists in my time and if I had to give a referral,  I'd say he's the best dentist in the east valley!
5	My husband tells me he is the biggest baby when it comes to dental work, he is traumatized by it.  But he broke a tooth and had no choice but to go.  Choosing these two doctors was the right choice, they were gentle, concerned, easy on him and every thing they did was very professional!  Office clean and every one in there was very nice.  Dr. Hep went out of his way to make my husbands experience comfortable for him, so much so that he had Dr. Bunker come in and remove the tooth, because "Dr. Bunker likes doing that part more than Dr. Heap"!  What a great team to work that way.  Thank you to all of you, we will be back and with the whole family!
5	Well I would be selfish if I didn't post about this wonderful dentist and his staff! If you are looking for a dentist for you or your children Dr. Heap is wonderful! Today I brought in my 11 year old son, whom up to this date had only seen pediatric dentists.  He was a little nervous and so was I, seeing as he needed to have a baby tooth pulled. While I was talking with dr. Heap I noticed his hygienist was explaining to my son what exactly what was going to happen. He had never had any kind of dental work done so anesthesia was new to him. She explained everything and made him feel comfortable and at ease with what was going on! Dr. He sap always has a smile and whistles while he works! Thanks again to Dr. Heap and his staff for an amazing experience!
5	I had a bad toothache for days and i called many dentists to have my rear wisdom tooth extracted.. No one would do it in office and others said they can get X-rays and refer me for the Next week to an oral surgeon. I called Heap and Bunker and explained my problem, they got me in the same day and extracted the tooth for me. I highly recommend them!
