3	I visited Premium Outlets on day 2 of the grand opening, after months of anticipation and promotion, I knew this was place was going to be popular, massive crowds, traffic, celebrations complete with fireworks and concerts helped add to the hype but everyone's question is: "Is it worth it?"There are some lovely finds, but personally, I find much of the stuff too expensive. Canadians can't help but compare prices to the US, face it, things are and always will be cheaper in the States plus our tax alone kills any chance of a good find. However, Premium Outlets brings a couple stores that are unique to the Quebec market, such as The Bay Outlet, Coach Outlet or Michael Kors Outlet if you're looking for discounted designer labels. If you're going in with the mindset of spending 200$ on a purse instead of 400$ then sure it's a great deal, but it's not a fly-off-the-shelves kind of sale, you have to be ready to spend a considerable amount.I was disappointed with the Old Navy which is listed as an outlet but all the merchandise is identical to its other stores and only certain items are on sale. I expected to see everything at a reduced price, thinking it would be older stock on clearance. Same thing with Nike, yes, you will be spending less on a pair of runners compared to Foot Locker, but there's already a Nike outlet in Marche Central and one in St-Sauveur with comparable prices.I think everyone needs to keep the name "Premium" in mind, this isn't like walking into a Winners and leaving with a 5$ tshirt and 10$ jeans, if you're budget conscious, this isn't for you.Setting prices aside, the Premium Outlets is a truly beautiful place to shop, they did a great job replicating a village style where boutiques are close to each other, you can easily access all stores by foot. There's also canopy roofing linking many of the sections of this exterior mall together so in case of bad weather, you will be spared from the elements. Chairs, couches, tables and heaters adorn the walkways and an interior food court with massive fireplace and comfy sofas are yours to relax in. Free wifi is available.The Outlets will be a big hit in summer, especially for families since they can take their children to the playground on site, lots of grassy areas and picnic style seating.This is supposed to be just phase 1 of the building project, so I would definitely give Premium Outlets Montreal a chance, just wait to see what else they have in store- it's all going up from here.Bonus- Sign up for their VIP club online, you will be informed of coupons first hand and have access to a lounge area with massage chairs, free make up and other goodies.
2	Ok let's face the cold hard truth! The area and the building themselves beautiful. The layout well thought out, food court less to be desired. With all the traffic of people it was not easy to go in and out of that area. A plus there is lots of parking and places to sit which is great. Now as for as the shopping not so good! The prices not even close to usa, but to be fair I was expecting that with the exchange and are taxes, what I was not expecting was some places had not only the same price like at the mall but higher! They had higher prices then they where promoting a sale and telling you how much your saving but in reality it came down to the same price like place rosemere & Carrefour mall. Very disappointed! It will be full during the holidays but after that during the  hard months of January & February they better bring down the prices or they will suffer deeply. Best stores I found that had good prices hagger, puma & the bay. Only time will tell what the future holds.
3	Outlets is a bit of a misleading term. I think every store I went to was a mix of regular priced and sale items. I think the only one that was truly an outlet was The Bay, which had a huge selection of items. I did like that the Lindt store had a number of chocolates that you wouldn't normally find in other stores, and everyone gets a free sample of their milk chocolate truffle. Apart from that, if you look carefully you will find some really great deals and will walk away a happy shopper. The overall look is very ski chalet and had that small-town vibe, In the food court area,the huge fireplace with comfy chairs was relaxing post-shop, and provides a central meeting area. The food court  choices were lacking, but I saw that the current build is only the first phase, so I expect that to change in future.
