4	As Sam said, it's not the ideal place to sit since there isn't much room and  they only have barstools.  However, I went in around 1pm and I was able to sit and eat my lunch comfortably.  I like that they make everything to order, and they have a good selection of things to add to your sandwich, potato, etc.  I also like the fact that they use eggs and potatoes from a local farm too.  Anyway, the main factor is that my soup was really good, and my husband's panini was also really tasty.
4	Great place for lunch. Fresh sandwiches and a good selection of hot options too which vary daily.I've not tried any of the quiches or salads yet but they look pretty good.Good, friendly service and pretty cheap too. Can't really ask for much more.
4	Nikki's is something of a West End institution. It will celebrate its 20th anniversary, this year. I stopped in for a quick breakfast roll, of the haggis variety, and was suitably pleased by my choice. Judging by the amount of available floorspace, they're used to managing significant queues at lunchtime, which is no surprise as it's a friendly wee place with an excellent range of lunchtime options.Overall, we said: "I was impressed with Nikki's. The welcome was as warm as you're likely to find, and their haggis roll was as good as I've sampled. I'm happy to now consider this place as my "go to" breakfast roll place, as and when I require such sustenance on the way to work. I'd happily recommend you pay them a visit, too, as their deli counter looked really good, and their daily specials sounded very tempting."
4	This is where I come for.... ahem..... dirty food.The food in itself is actually pretty healthy - so long as you avoid the extras. The chicken burger is lovely, grilled, fresh salad, then add CHEESE AND BACON and suddenly it's AWESOME.... but also fattening.They have an amazing range of sandwiches, baked potatoes and panini (whats the plural of panini?) Plus at least 4 hot specials a day. They're pretty excellent in general although a warning about getting extra hallipinios (cant be bothered to correct that) they come from a jar and are very salty.The sandwiches are good but I'm not a massive fan of the quiche. The staff are great and if they tweeted the hot specials every day I'd be a happy man. All in all it's pretty good!
3	For what it is : a sandwich shop. With the different options of bread they have many varieties of fillings. Although not the cheapest, they are willing to take on unusual requests like a croissant with ham and fried egg. I do find that with larger orders they tend to mix them up, wrong bread type or not use the correct sauce. But I can understand that. The service has always been OK, a bit stretched at times.  A nice touch is that they have a Scone of the day and you pay a few pence less for that. They do good business in the West End. During Breakfast and lunch times it get really busy so you can better phone in your order.
5	Been going here for the last 7 years for lunch when in the office. I have seen it getting busier each time which is a good sign. You can get a roll or a baked potato with fillings of your choice  and the have a daily changing salad bar which a lot of people like but for me the real stars are the daily changing warm meal options and quiches. They do a fantastic homemade steak pie and have nice homemade burgers. Good selection of drinks and snacks as well. Nikkis is celebrating 20 years whilst other sandwich shops in the area have come and gone so they must be doing something right. They are in my eyes.
