5	It's a must see! 88,000 lights! On a home! That's right ala Clark Grizwold style!  Coined "The House On Robindale" where resident and Las Vegas strip performer Marc Savard resides.  Both Marc and his wife were outside in front of their home greeting all of us.  His little ones were passing out candy canes or dancing along with the music synchronized to the spectacular Christmas light show. My friends Sam R & Vicki E shared the House On Robindale Facebook page couple weeks ago.[ https://www.facebook.com/houseonrobindale ]I've been following the progress on the "House on Robindale". Marc told me that 12-15 hours were spent programming EACH song.  And the back story I read on this years display was 1 week before the start of the Christmas light show, Marc discovered all the programming for his light show was stolen. How disheartening. All that hard work gone. Amazing that he got it put out on time! There was 24 songs listed on the playlist. It's pretty cool how the lights fit the theme of the music. Like in "Let it Go" from Frozen, the light show colors twinkle blue! It's just brilliant how each song is different set of light patterns and colors. How did they manage to put lights on the palm trees?  A crane of course. How do you get here. Easy. From Eastern turn onto Robindale heading west(towards LVBLVD) After you past Spencer, you'll see the home on your right side. Parking available in front of home. If you wish to stay in your car tune onto 101.3 to hear a broadcast of the music  synchronized to the lights! How cool is that!Their neighbor which is a church has a little set up where you can get some hot chocolate too.Is it worth coming out here to see? Of course it is!  It's FREE - Family friendly - open 5-10pm dailyThis family put in so much time, money (their NV Energy bills) and effort to share their home with the public. Seeing their little girls smiling faces, skipping around and dancing was just priceless.You can catch the many Youtube vids but it's not the same coming to see it live.  It's their fourth year putting up this light show, but our first time to see it. We definitely are adding this place to the top our our holiday tradition of Christmas light displays. The Christmas spirit is here for sure!
5	A must see for families!!  My kids loved it!!  Amazing job this owner has done. The lights completely and constantly change and are sync to the music. to the homeowner , he was outside handing out candy canes
5	I've never had so much fun looking at Christmas lights! It was a nice night out, so we got out of the car and stood in front of the gate. However, if you don't want to get out of your car, you can tune into 101.3 to hear the music. There's plenty of street parking, and there's also a lot just around the corner from the house if it's a crowded night.  I've been to a light display like this before, but the thing that stands out about this place is the variety of music. I like that it's not just Christmas music, but also current popular songs. We were dancing on the sidewalk all night! My favorite was Fireball by Pitbull. Every time the song went to the chorus and said fireball, the lights changed to all different colors! So much fun! This will definitely be something that I do every year!
5	Christmas spirit is alive and well!This house is simply amazing.  The time and effort stringing up lights is more than I could ever do.  Then add in the coordination to various Christmas tunes is awesome.  The cherry on top is their own frequency to tune your car radio is phenomenal! During the few songs I enjoyed, many people were coming and going.  I was so happy to see people gathering with loved ones to enjoy this light and song show.  Bravo to this family for making this a tradition.  I'm excited to return next year to be amazed once again!
