5	Amazing, unique, and fresh wings.  If atmosphere is important to you, then go elsewhere.  But if you are all about the food, then this is the place for you.  I dragged my lady (who loves wings) to this dive bar in the middle of nowhere.  She was very skeptical until she had a wing.  Apparently now we have to go there every Sunday for football.  Great great wings.
5	My brother-in-law said this place was awesome, and frankly I was skeptical when the gang and I pulled up.  It's definitely in the country, but I love a good dive bar.  The wings. are. awesome.  We got platters of each type of rub/sauce they offer.  The dry rub was my favorite.  Also, their blue cheese dip is delish!  I'm not usually one for blue cheese, but this stuff was crazy good. Definitely recommend this place.
4	A friend organized an outing to Chicken Lips...he'd heard they had good chicken wings and atmosphere.  CL is definitely a slice of Wisconsin...and the owner, Steve, epitomizes all that's right with our state.  He's friendly, gregarious...and he happens to make fantastic chicken wings!  He also makes his own blue cheese dip...which, as a blue cheese lover, I loved...big chunks of cheese in a tasty sauce!Only knock on the place:  they can get a little overwhelmed with orders...and it doesn't take too many to overwhelm them.  But, on the plus side, they have Guinness on tap...so at least one can nurse one's beer whilst one waits.  They also have Hopalicious and Spotted Cow...so you can do a bunch of tasty nursing!I had only the original recipe...which is really not spicy, in fact it's more like fried chicken with a bit of spice than a traditional  Buffalo Wings...where your lips should be appropriately burning after consumption.  A friend had the dry rub version and thought it quite tasty.So, if you find yourself in the (relative) wilds of Sun Prairie...stop at Chicken Lips,
5	Best wings I have ever had.  This place is a beautiful dive bar with some kick arse wings!
2	If you're looking for hot wings, they are not hot.  Small wings, they give you a decent amount but for a price.  The bar is not a bar; its in the bottom of someone's house.Cash only.Dive bar of dive bars. Not worth the drive
4	While visiting friends in Sun Prairie/Madison, I got dragged to Chicken Lips.  Not until I arrived did I realize that I surprisingly had the joint bookmarked---solely off of the stellar Yelp reviews causing it to pop up as one of Madison's best. *embarrassed*Chicken Lips is literally just a minute or so drive outside of Sun Prairie's downtown on the side of a road among cornfields.  I don't know if I would consider it a restaurant.  It's more of a bar run out of a dude's (named Steve) first floor of his two-story house.  Think "Man Cave" or "Bachelor Pad" lacking any luxury, where "boys can be boys."  There are TVs, a pool table, arcade games, a side door that opens up to a tent for smokers, some nasty piss-ridden bathrooms.  If only Diners, Drive-ins, & Dives actually visited true dives, this is what I'd picture, except they only specialize in chicken wings, not much else...  There's a bulletin menu at the bar, which is where you also order.  As someone who is not a fan of spice and on a non-fried food cleanse diet, I became 'that' guy that the neighboring table of 30-somethings picked on.  They kept reminding me while in their drunk stupor, "You gotta get the wings."  I still ended up ordering a burger which was not very enjoyable and overcooked.  Nonetheless, the rest of my party ordered the infamous Wings.  You get your choice of Dry Rub (what it's all about: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chicken-lips-sun-prairie?select=xOFL05ID2XQU28ycv_wtzQ#NgrDOJ2ui4MlKh1-IVnOYg) or Original "Buffalo" wings.  Both come with a tasty side of homemade blue cheese dressing dip.  I could eat the entire cup of dip with just carrots and celery simple due to the fact that is has chunks of blue cheese hidden up in there!  Of course, I reminded myself, "When in Sun Prairie, do as a Wisconsiner would" and bit into each type of wing.  Without the dressing, the dry wings were admittedly the best wings I have ever had---freshly fried, full of meat, and extremely tasty.  Can't say I'd be back, if so it would definitely be take-out since I'm too prissy for a dive like this.  I will concur, the word on the street is right, they cook up some killer chicken wings!Note: Before you leave, be sure to take a moment to absorb the glory of the bar and grill's name "CHICKEN LIPS" and the light-up sign picturing a rooster holding a martini: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chicken-lips-sun-prairie?select=xOFL05ID2XQU28ycv_wtzQ#xOFL05ID2XQU28ycv_wtzQ.  This is one place you would never find a martini glass, or even be seen with one in your hand...
4	Went here on a cold Thursday night with a couple of friends who were a little nervous to try this place. It's in a house-like building on the outskirts of town, with a chicken studying a martini on the sign, not to mention the weirdest name. Don't come here for the atmosphere, or the tap beer (my Guinness definitely tasted a little off), but do come here for the wings. We got the original style wings, made with a flavorful and slightly spicy dry rub and a tangy, vinagery buffalo sauce. Yum. Oh, and yes, the blue cheese dressing is all dat. If I lived in SP this would be my wings go-to spot hands down.
4	Go for the sign - a chicken drinking a martini.  The wings (which at $9 were the most expensive thing on the menu)  were quite good but I agree with the previous review that the beer tasted a little off.
4	my brother in law got me take out chicken wings from here.  the owner wanted him to stay and eat in as they would be ideally consumed fresh.  well, 10 mins later, they were still piping hot and delicious. i wish i could have tried this place fresh in house. the bluecheese ranch with side of celery was amazing. go here for the wings off the highway.
5	Chicken Lips is to die for.  Yes, you heard me.This is a rare joint, one of those off the beaten path places that is a journey to get to and has a story to precede it.  I kept getting descriptions from people such as "some dude's crazy house" or "TOTAL DIVE" to "I heard the wings were incredible"Well, after weeks of anticipation (and a little concern), I finally arrived at what my wife and I lovingly call "the lip" a few months ago.  I've been back several times since, and I think the end result is a mix of all the stories, but absolutely for the best.First, it is a converted house.  It is a dive.  It is on a highway out in the middle of the cornfields of Sun Prairie.  But they have a bar.  They have TVs.  The TVs have the game on.And most importantly, they have wings that will send you to heaven and back, make you go home and want to come back tomorrow.  The original sauce on the wings is a crack addiction if I've ever seen one, and if you can handle the spice of that and want some more, you can order just about infinite levels of sexy (habenero powder if I remember correctly).  Yes, the spicier wings are called "Extra Sexy".  The waffle fries with the original seasoning are a party in your mouth, and I've heard good things about the chips which I have yet to try.  But let us not forget the holy ingredient; the blue cheese.  Their blue cheese should come with a warning label.  Forgive me, as I have a bias since I already am a big blue cheese and wings fan, but this blue cheese is the real deal, the thrilla from manilla, you will order it with your meal and your sides, and you will be scraping the cup with said sides.Alright, drama over.  Chicken Lips is awesome, if you like wings and are capable of going to a dive bar with no frills for them, here you will find a great time.  Prices are fine, service is friendly (the owner is sometimes around and is always cool beans), and heck make a lil' adventure out of it.  Just remember to bring cash, as they do not accept cards.  Sorry got to go, I'm walking out the door right now for a return visit. . .
4	Best hot wings in the Madison area. Probably the best wings anywhere.Cash only, 'natch.
5	This place is a complete run down pile with awesome wings. I read all the reviews and was aware it was in the middle of nowhere and was a dive but pulling up I did a double take lol. All of that does not matter though!The bartender instructed me to get the original wings for my first tour. They are a combination of an awesome dry rub followed by a delicious buffalo sauce bath. You get about 12-14 crispy juicy carmelized deliciousness along with a huge thing of what seems to be homemade blue cheese and two celery sticks.If anyone who has been to points east pub in Milwaukee for wings, this place is comparable. Spicy mouth watering wings with depth of flavor. I would say the most solid non-chain wing joint in the Madison area. I will definitely be back and I hope my food is just as delicious next trip.
4	I'm really glad I made the drive to Sun Praire for both the experience and the food at Chicken Lips.Definitely divey - it looks like a house and is surrounded by farms. It's a bar with jukeboxes, games and dim lighting. No frills whatsoever; it seems like a place where SP locals come to hang out. We walked in and everyone was super friendly. The bartender helped us decided what to order: we ended up getting the original and the dry rub wings, the chips and the cheese curds. The chips and cheese curds came out first and were great appetizers. They are coated in the same rub as the chicken; so even though the actual curds and chips weren't the best I've tried (in terms of texture/factors besides seasoning); they were definitely tasty. Then the wings came and they were super yummy. I couldn't decide if I liked the original (saucy, kind of like buffalo wings) or the dry rub better so I had plenty of both. They went great with their original bleu cheese (apparently diluted with sour cream "or something"), which apparently "mama" invented because bleu cheese was too expensive. I'm glad I went, but I'm not sure I agree that these are the best wings ever or even the best wings in town. Regardless, the food is very good and the experience is a hoot.
4	Yes it's a dive and yes it's totally worth it. Wings were so good! You should stop if you get the chance.  I stopped after picking up a pizza from nearby and glad I did
