5	I love this place! Abdeen's has amazing Egyptian food at affordable prices. The restaurant has no license which means that we can bring whatever we want, BYOB style. Tonight they set a few hookah pipes in the parking lot and before long a dozen people were socializing. It is my find of the year in the 85306. Check it out, and have a delightful meal.
5	Being a vegetarian, I am always on the lookout for a good place and Abdeen has some of the freshest, best falafels near my school. They are divine. Combine that with super friendly service and affordable, graduate school friendly rates, you know that you've got yourself a deal. The falafel with potatoes sandwich is my fav!!
5	We tried their Gyro sandwiches ..they were sooo good!  They are very different from "normal" Gyros because they have a chopped salad type topping with onion, tomato, parsely, lemon and olive oil.  You get your choice of four different sauces. I tried the original tzatziki sauce and my husband tried the spicy one.  They were both awesome!  You can even mix different ones together which I'll try next time.  Very friendly people there.  This place will definitely be a regular take out spot for us!
4	Fresh ingredients, friendly service, a family-run, breath of fresh air to our neighborhood in Glendale! The two of us ate (take out) plenty for just over $20 plus tip. All of the sauces and things I didn't know what they were, rather than describe them to me, they had me try! Just like I was in someone's grandmother's kitchen; a good feeling. The kitchen is right behind the counter so you see your food being prepared, cooked and served. All the better to ask questions while they do it.On the down side they were out of falafel and a few other dishes when I came in around 7pm on a Saturday evening. The place was deserted, I even asked if they were open. All in all a charming place and nice find of a new restaurant and gracious hosts. We will definitely come again!
5	WHAT! CLOSED ALREADY!  And we only just getting to know each other!  If you locate somewhere else, please let us know!
