5	I love this cute little studio.  It's located in old town Scottsdale  behind Martini Ranch.  I got a gel manicure with nail art and I love my nails.  It has been 2weeks and 6day's since my gel manicures and my nails still look great.  No peeling or chipping.  I usually get peeling and chipping after the first week and a half.  They have a huge collection of Gelish gel polish and ton's of nail art options.  I love the fact that they are american nail technicians that I can communicate with.  I will be trying a pedicure soon I will keep you posted.
5	Went back for my second service.  I am in love with my nails.  My service was just as good as the first time I had service.  I decided to get nail art and they came out awesome.  I will post a picture of my nails.
5	Cookie is by far the best nail tech I have found!  Cool, upbeat and cozy location. They use only the best products and no skimping on the application or the pampering.  I am very rough on my nails, but they last at least three weeks or more.  Break one? No problem, they gladly work you in as soon as possible.  I use a gel coat over my nails and they look natural, not like the shopping center nail places that use inferior products and do not practice the standards for sanitizing.  Don't waste your time or money going anywhere else! You will love the results from both Brandy and Cookie!
5	There open on Mondays.  Which is unheard of.  I had service by Lacey she was awesome.  She is a perfectionist to.  I Love this place.
5	Wonderful nail techs!  Cheerful and down to earth.  Brie gave me a full pedi and mani not just a simple gel fill.  They use the best quality products and make sure they follow the highest sanitary standards.  I was very impressed and happy with the service I received.
2	Well here's the good.  Two ladies very nice that work there.  Very clean place.  Very fair- they took 7.00 off my service due to drill cuts.Here's the bad.  Cookie was not My tech the other gal was.  While she was nice she wS horrible with drill.  I currently have 5 red and or bloody cuts on my cuticles.  It was only a pink and white fill.  She needs more training. I have had acrylics for years and have not been cut like this ever.  It was like it was her first time.   Won't be going back
