5	I've reviewed a couple Bojangles, because, well... let's face it... I should probably just LIVE at this establishment with as often as I frequent the place. However, with that being said, I've noticed not all Bojangle's are treated equally either! THIS location is one of the best I've gone to so far. When I drive up in the mornings I am greeted by a super nice person who get's me oh so ready for my delicious sweet tea and breakfast. I pull up my car, and it's not the traditional blaghedy blah blah from that speaker. Oh no, instead I get "Welcome to Bojangles, it's BO TIME!" I can hear the smile on her face when she tells me, and this makes me even more excited to get my sweet tea addiction satiated. NOM..I pull around to pick up my stuff and the staff has ALWAYS had a smile on their face and my food and world peace curing tea is waiting for me. FAST service, and super friendly... what more can you ask for from a fast food joint? IT'S BO TIME!!!!
5	I agree with Beth, definitely one of the best Bo's in town.  They don't slack on the seasoning and I've never had a bad biscuit here.
5	It's about time I review my favorite fried chicken chain.  Yes, the quality of the actual branch may vary depending on location, but the quality and taste is pretty consistent.  So this review is really not about the actual location, but a love letter to Bojangles as a whole.Bo's was the first ever restaurant my dad took my brother and I to when we first moved to Charlotte, NC the summer of 1996.  It was a hard time as we moved to a new state, and I had to start my sophomore year at a new high school where everyone practically grew up together.  Pre-Bo's my favorite fried chicken joint was Popeye's.  I'll never forget the first time I tried Bo's crispy, tasty, crunchy chicken skin or the saltiness of the Cajun fries.  The dirty rice blew me away - yummy pork sausage in the rice, what?  I got hooked on sweet tea because of Bo's.  And who doesn't love the Bo Berry Biscuit??Thus began my lifelong love of Bojangles.  It has been present at most important milestones in my life: my friends held a surprise 18th birthday breakfast for me at the location near our high school; we ordered tons of tailgate specials throughout college and pharmacy school at UNC-Chapel Hill; it was one of the first meals I was able to eat again after losing my Dad to a heart attack the summer of 2010; it's the meal I eat at the airport every time I flew home to take care of my mom while she was fighting breast cancer and now when she's fighting heart failure.Sadly, I live in Chicago which does not have any Bojangles.  I make it a point to eat it at least once when I'm in town.  This location happened to be the one my brother drove us to directly from the airport when I flew in for my mom's scheduled heart surgery.  It was already a stressful time, but we were greeted with patience at the drive-thru ordering machine and with a smile at the pick-up window.  That and the familiar comfort food helped me emotionally prepare for my mom's surgery - which thankfully went well.Thank you Bo's for the food and especially the memories - both the good and the bad.  You are the definition of comfort food to me.  BTW, I seriously considered bringing Bo's chicken up for my wedding in Chicago, but the logistics were the limiting factor.
4	Since the Bojs in Midtown was closed, this location was a short drive away to get our Boj fix.  Went through the drive-thru, but the staff was nice and patient since it took a while deciding on what to stuff our faces with.It was late in the evening (8:30ish) but the biscuits were still fresh and the chicken was just what we needed.  The fries that came with my cajun fillet biscuit were just what I wanted.  This location has the perfect seasoning/fry ratio that makes you sad when you reach the bottom of the bag and see that you are all out in about 5 seconds.I do have a special place in my heart for Popeye's, but living "down south" I have definitely come to love the tradition that is Bojangles.
5	I love this place. Honestly the service here is always wonderful. While I love this chain getting great service at a fast food chain is refreshing. They always keep fresh food to. I have never had a meal that tasted dry, or a few hours old. Great Location!!
