4	I was in two major accidents with my Honda Accord before I had my third accident where my car was totaled.  Both times I brought my car to Falconi's.  The first time someone rear-ended me and I needed a new rear bumper.  The second time I rear-ended someone on the freeway and I needed much more work done.  Both times my car came back looking like I was never in an accident.  I have no idea how their pricing compares with other auto shops because I've never been to another one -- I saw a billboard saying they do Honda repair and so I went with them.  Also, my insurance covered it, and Falconi's had no problem working with them.The only reason they're not getting 5 stars is due to an incident when I first brought my car in there.  I had a book of all my player's cards, and apparently I had left my PayPal debit card and another credit card in there.  Someone in their shop got a hold of that card and charged up some stuff.  I was covered in the end, but it was an ordeal.  When I picked up my car, I talked to the manager and told her, and she said she suspected it was a guy they had just let go.  Unfortunately, the police did nothing other than take a report, even though I told them Falconi's knew who stole the cards.  It was my bad for leaving it in my car, but you'd think your personal belongings are safe when you bring your car in for a major repair like that.  I never had a problem like this the second time I brought my car in, and only went back due to the fantastic job they did.
5	I couldn't possibly rate them any higher.  In addition to making my rear-ended Hyundai Tucson beautiful again, the customer service was great.  I had some complications with a tricky rental situation and Josh spent a ton of time on the phone helping resolves all the issues.  It's been honestly one of the best customer service experiences I've had anywhere, in any business.  And again, they do great work too.
5	Collision Authority has been very pleasant and professional with me every step of the way. I was rear-ended a few weeks back. Collision Authority was the body shop my insurance was going to use but since I was hit the other party's insurance was going to have to make arrangements.  That's when I was told that I can choose which body shop I wanted. This information was provided to me by Janice whom works at the office. I will be recommending this place to friends and all.
5	From my initial phone call to find out the procedure to have my Baby repaired, I was extremely impressed. You see my "Baby" was struck from behind by a sweet elderly woman who was happy to accept fault by having her insurance fix it.  Being new to the Las Vegas, I began my search for reputible auto body shops on Yelp.  My search turned up four shops in my very immediate area, so i figured this should be easy  When I called other competitors, they were dry, rushed, or robotic.  I setup appointments at three other places. One was nice, but overcharging for repairs. The next place was unstructured and had me there 25 minutes past my appointment before they looked at my vehicle, and rudely handed me the estimate without asking for my business.  I was starting to get discouraged and frustrated.  I refused to take my car anywhere that would not be inviting because I ask a great deal of questions. However, when I called Service King, an angelic voice answered, explained the process fully, and even reassured me that they were willing to take care of me right away, no appointment necessary! Upon arriving the receptionist/assistant, Nancy, greeted me with the same friendly smile in person that she had in her voice over the phone. She introduced me to David Biggs, who was equally as welcoming and professional. In minutes, he had my damage assessed,  estimated, and sent to my insurance liaison by 8am the next morning.  It's always the small things that matter to me. I asked David if he could install a pair of new reverse lights bulbs that I had been unable to do myself, and he assured me that he would have the pros in the shop do it, and would be happy to bill separately. Once I received the call from State Farm, I dropped my car off for repair.  If you have  a need and coverage for a rental car, be sure to tell your insurance company to use Hertz. That way you can take advantage of Kimberly's great customer service...right next door! Keep in mind though, my mind was blown from the world class service and convenience, but I didn't expect a call a few days later from David with a progress report and a promised completion date.  So my pick up day came, Very quickly I might add, and I could not have been more satisfied. My car was repaired perfectly and cleaned inside out. And remember those reverse lamps? Well David told me it was on the house, no charge! Please do not hesitate to take your "Baby" here. In my estimation, no one else comes close.
5	First I got a quote.Then they transferred the guy who gave me the quote.It took them 3 weeks to get the part.1 hour to install the part.And then it was smooth sailing.They quoted me $218But then only charged me $198I can't complain after the initial set back they did a really good job for a great price.
