4	How is there not a business profile for this? Today I got to try them at the Costco Food Truck Fest. This truck features types of  meatballs served as "ballwiches".  You can get 1 for $5, 2 for $9 or 3 for $12. I thought they might be tiny servings since they had multiples pricing, but the portions are fair I think for what we got. There are 4 types currently on the menu (Godfather, Zorba, All Thai'd Up, and Porky(, sides like skin on fries, sweet potato tots, and truffle mac&cheese. There was something on their handout about a "blue ball special" but I didn't inquire about the funny name. The BF and I tried the "All Thai'd Up" which is turkey meat, veggies, sweet chili sauce in a lettuce wrap. One serving came with two wraps with maybe 4 meatballs in each. The meatballs were small, but juicy and the thai sauce was pretty good. We also got the sweet potato taters ($3) and these had a great texture with a nicely crisp outside and moist, sweet inside. I'm normally not a fan of plain sweet potato fries, but these were slammin on their own without a dip. So far, my impressions were pretty good. I will come back to try other ballwiches and the truffle mac&cheese for sure on my list. I am a fan of the tots and for just that alone even I will return.
3	The Haulin Balls Truck arrived a little later than most of the trucks that were at the Costco Food Trcuk Fest #2.  So my stomach capacity was mostly already spoken for with food from other vendors.After checking out their menu, which made everything sounds so delicious, I ended up ordering the All Thai'd Up. Which was an Atkins diet friendly turkey balls with veggies in lettuce wraps, dressed with Sweet Chili Sauce.  One order comes with two wraps with a slightly larger than golf ball size turkey ball in each wrap (although Jade mentioned in her review she was getting maybe 4 small meatballs in each wrap). The overall flavor was good, kind of like a Thai or Vietnamese salad featuring ground turkey balls as the protein.The concept of selling meatball sandwiches from a food truck is definitely a unique one (thus far) in Las Vegas.A fellow Yelper who ordered the Zorba (Lamb Balls) really enjoyed his sandwich, especially after making sure it was not lamb 'balls".  Although some others were decidedly disappointed at this.  Or maybe they were disappointed that the Blue Balls Special were not on the menu today.Anyway, like Jade W wrote in her FTR review of Haulin Balls, their pricing is petty simple. One sandwich for $5, two for $9 and three for $12 ($4 each) and you can mix and match your sandwich order.
2	I recently tried them at StrEATS and I was honestly a little disappointed with my selection of The Zorba, which was suggested to me by a fellow yelper. When I first received my sandwich I was already discouraged at the size because it was rather small. It had 2 balls and was probably half the size or a regular sized hoagie. For the price of $5, this should have been at least long enough to hold 3 to 4 balls. The flavors were good, but were a little weak. A cucumber sauce would have been nice. Although the worst part was the taste of the meat because it was a little off. I've had lamb in gyros and this taste was very different. Unfortunately it wasn't pleasant. The bread was practically on the verge of being soggy, maybe they should toast it on the grill before serving? I will definitely be giving them another chance in the future, but probably with different selection.
2	Haulin Balls had us sold with the menu, being big fans of lamb we went with the Zorba. By the sounds of it it should've been a homerun, meaty lamb balls, fresh herbs, feta and tzatziki. It was fine, but pretty unmemorable. Had it not been our least tasty bite at StrEATS it might have been forgotten altogether.
5	My family and I were privileged to be the very first customers for Haulin Balls when they launched their truck service at the first El Cortez Vegas Streats Festival.  We tried the Godfather and Blue Balls Special and both dishes as we say in Hawaii was "broke da mouth" or "simply delicious!"  It was a definite change from the normal massive plate lunches that were so accustomed to eating growing up in the islands.  Every once in awhile you crave that change in taste and Haulin Balls served that desire!  Their unique meatball wraps were fresh, very light, healthy, and extremely tasty.  The portions were perfect and left the three of us content.Ultimately, customer service for me makes or breaks a business.  Everyone from the cooks to the cashier were very friendly, genuine and sincere, in Hawaii we call that the "Aloha spirit."   Hoku in Hawaiian means Star and 'elima means 5.  My final rating for Haulin Balls = 'elima hoku
4	This was our first time to try a ballwich...We found them parked outside Khoury's WIne Store on Eastern whcih was pretty awesome as we live a couple of miles away!   My daughter loved sitting on the sidewalk to eat... My 7 yr old loved the Mac & Cheese and my hubby said it was the best meatball he has ever eaten (I am trying not to be offended) and my Zorba...seriously excellent!  However I have to say my favorite thing hands down were the Sweet Potato Tots!
5	Tasty balls...as in the meatballs that is....! Fast & super friendly staff! The Mac & Cheese is divine & goes perfectly with the Godfather sandwich.
5	Love it, love it, love it!  They have renewed my faith in food trucks.  I tried them at the Great Las Vegas Beer Festival.  It took a while.  But, OMG, the Zorba, Godfather, and mac and cheese are sooooo delicious!!!!   So worth the wait and the friendliest staff ever.  Plus a frequent buyer card!  I'm hooked!!!
4	I am a total fan of the Zorba and the Porky. I follow them on facebook and when they are downtown at the El Cortez or somewhere close to the downtown area I go to where they are. I can't get enough of my two favorite sandwiches!
4	Since my first review we have become Thursday night regulars  - they are at Khoury's Wne Store on Eastern (Henderson) and could eat the All Thai'd up daily!
3	This might be a bit bias, since I am not a fan of meatballs, but I wanted to give it a try.I tried the Godfather sandwich, which is actually pretty good. The meat seemed a bit dry though. I have to say though... that the pulled pork sandwich was GREAT!!! My friend got one too.. and he finished it within seconds. It was in his hands one min... and the next, it was gone. If you are a pulled pork sandwich fan... you have to try theirs. Nothing too special I say. I would go to a few other food trucks before I would go to theirs.
4	Greg and the group behind Haulin' Balls are great! I have hit them up a few times either at Khoury's or one of the food truck meetups around town.I like that they have different flavors for everyone and are always working on new things. I've had the Godfather (italian style, beef meatball), Zorba (greek, lamb), and All Thai'd Up (thai, turkey), and the Porky (BBQ, pulled pork).  The leaner meats are a bit drier than the beef and pulled pork, but the garnishes and sauces really punch the flavors to match the themes. The ingredients always look, smell and taste fresh (a happy five senses makes a happier meal, eh?). Make sure you get plenty of basil, it always seems to be so pungent (in the best way) and set off the rest of the food.I order them all protein style, so no bread for me, and the additional lettuce adds an extra freshness/crispness that really makes it for me. Meatball sandwiches aren't the lightest fare, but this is an easy and delicious way to alleviate some of the heaviness (especially in the summer!).The sweet potato tots are tasty and their mac n' cheese is really a treat. I might like it with a little more crunch on top but, even as it is, you get a creamy, cheesy, and very flavorful incarnation of an all time favorite.As the Haulin' Balls people will tell you... you need some balls in your mouth!
4	Forget about all the ball jokes. This is one food truck that should be taken seriously because of their tasty eats. The Godfather was a hit -- 2 ground beef meat balls with fresh basil, parsley, garlic, onions, pomodoro sauce, pecorino romano, and plenty of melted mozzarella in a soft, chewy bun. The savory meatballs had plenty of depth in flavor and were perfectly tender, not mushy.The Zorba (ground lamb, fresh mint, oregano, parsley, garlic, served with a tomato-olive spread, lettuce, feta, red onion and homemade tzatziki sauce) was decent, but the taste of the lamb wasn't overly appealing. I did enjoy the olive spread and appreciated the subtlety of the mint, but I don't think it's a sammie I'd get again.The pricing is as follows: 1 for $5, 2 for $9, or 3 for $12. Two sandwiches should be enough for most people, but if you're really hungry, add on a side. I was starving so I got an order of skin-on fries ($2). I have no idea if they were made fresh or were frozen, but the portion size is quite large and they were crispy, light, and delicious.
5	Haulin Balls Zorba Sandwich rocked my world. How could anything that delicious be available to us lunch bums. More delicious entrees must be tired, asap!!!!! Great food, very definitely not disappointed. Shall follow until the ends of hopefully WI be close to my work?
4	I didn't ever think I could like meatballs as much as I like the ones from Haulin' Balls. I love the Godfather. Tender juicy meatballs covered in tangy marinara, melty mozzarella and a chiffonade of basil. The bread is soft and holds the sauce well. Its still a bit messy, but I don't think it would be a worthy meatball sandwich if it was not. I like putting extra garlic on mine and for me one is enough. I cannot say enough about the "crack and cheese" as they like to call it. Truly is quite addicting. The noodles are not overdone, the cheese sauce is nice and creamy (garlicky too!) and the breadcrumbs on top are a nice touch.My bf had their Zorba with the lamb meatballs he said it was good but after tasting my Gotdfather was quite impressed and liked it much better. I have had their magic bars for dessert and they were yummy, lots of chocolate and coconut. However, I am still waiting to try that yummy looking lemon bundt cake that keeps flashing across the top of their website ...
4	My first Balls experience...Can't wait to try it again.I had the Zorba...the lamb balls were light and tender, the topping brought the whole Greek taste together. Bun was soft and fresh. Yum.
2	I really try to support local cuisine so I'm sad to write a less then positive review, especially because Haulin Balls has yummy food and the service was friendly.  We tried the Godfather, thai balls, dragon balls and the mac and cheese.  The problem with Haulin Balls isn't their food or menu - it's their high prices and stingy portions.  Delicious as they were, $6 for 2 dragon balls that were the size of donut holes is a rip off.  The Godfather was really fresh and tasty and the meatballs were moist and tender but it was priced at $6 for a small, 4 inch sandwich.  I'm not fat and have an average appetite...I would need 2 Godfather's to make a meal, which amounts to $12 and no sides for an 8 inch sandwich.  I have no problem spending good money on food but I felt ripped off.  Bummer!
5	GOT BALLS?Haulin' Balls is one of my favorite food trucks! The thing that made me try them for the first time was their truck...I see a big black food truck with a mural of a badass flamed out '50 Mercury on the side and I just couldn't resist! And meatballs are such a simple premise, yet this truck shows with a little bit of creativity and fine ingredients you can turn them into a delicious dish.I'm a big fan of their All Thai'd Up. Who would've thought how tasty a turkey meatball with pickled cucumbers, carrots, daikon, and thai sauce would be when wrapped in lettuce? These guys, that's who!The Porky is also very good. Their smoked pulled pork is better than you'll find at 95% of restaurants. And they put spices in it, then top it with a chipotle mayo and BBQ sauce, all on a delicious roll. Very tasty indeed! The Porky Nachos are the bomb too! It's hard to eat regular nachos now after either the pulled pork nachos from here.Their Blue Ball special is always changing. Sometimes it's Crab Balls, sometimes it's Buffalo Chicken Balls(which I am a HUGE lover of). I also recommend their Sweet Tots, which are super tasty sweet potato tater tots with an Asian spicy flair. The Mac & Cheese is also a good side, the truffle bread crumbs separate it from all the other similar dishes you'll find out there.If you EVER see this truck out and about, do yourself a favor and come place your order. Your taste buds and your stomach will thank you, that much is for sure!
2	What a difference!Visited Haulin' Balls while at the Tivoli Village Food Truck Throwdown, since I hadn't had any Zorba balls in so long:/There was really no line. Ordering process went smooth, they added free fries for checking in on Yelp. I unfortunately tipped them prematurely.I waited and waited and waited til I saw someone that was behind me in line get their food. My husband inquired about my order and they told him they didn't have any Zorba's. What!? Okay I want my $$ back. The guy that took my order heard the conversation and apologized and cleared things up, I wasn't willing to wait any longer so I said forget it and that I still wanted my $ back. The woman serving the food was apologetic as well, said she'd give me my money back and get a Zorba to me as well if I was willing to wait 1 minute. So I got my $6 back. Never got my free fries, they got $1 tip for wasting my time. They were very nice to give me a Zorba, it did take 1 minute but somehow it was cold.
5	The Godfather is a great meatball sub.  I was just introduced to it at the Gourmet Food Truck Block Party held at Suncoast.  Two savory meatballs bathed in a rich and mild Marinara Sauce are nestled in a soft 6-inch bun, with Mozzarella Cheese melted over all interior contents.  I just wish this fine sandwich would be bigger, but one can always buy and down two of them.French Fries here are made with frozen skin-on potatoes, but they tasted very good with Heinz Tomato Ketchup drizzled on them.  The ketchup and napkins were thoughtfully provided by a Haulin Balls staffer.  Both the order taker/money collector and cook were friendly and hospitable.  Ordered food was served up 10 minutes after the order was placed, but this will largely depend on how large the crush of patrons is.I like food trucks in general, and have very little of a negative nature to say about any of them I have sampled thus far.  But, from now on Haulin Balls and its delicious Godfather will be one of my favorites for mobile vendor comfort food.
4	The food truck craze seems to still be holding on strong and Haulin Balls is no different. They've got great service and some pretty tasty balls (har har). They like to liven it up by playing some good ol' rock/alternative music too.As for the food, 2 of us shared the Zorba, Porky, Mac n' Cheese, and fries courtesy of the Yelp check-in.Zorba: Quite tasty! It has all the traditional flavors of a classic Mediterranean dish packed into 2 compact balls, shoved into a sandwich. The tzatziki sauce was well flavored and the red onions in the sandwich weren't too strong or overpowering, as they can be sometimes. My only complaint was that the lamb meatballs were a little smoother in texture than I like, but they still tasted good.Porky: This is a pretty standard pulled pork sandwich. They pile on the meat and it's super tender and juicy. The sandwich was so juicy that the bun was falling apart beneath it. Definitely be prepared to get your hands dirty.Mac n' Cheese: It's flavored with truffle oil and I really liked this one because it had a light hint of truffle, but it wasn't too strong. It also has a nice crispy crumble on top of it for a little crunch.So far, it seems like Nevada has some pretty good food trucks to offer. I can't wait to be back to try their BBQ pork nachos next time!
5	They were at Khoury's last Wednesday and I ordered their Blue (crab) Balls. It was $8 for two crab balls, which I initially thought was a bit pricey. However, when I got my order I was pleasantly surprised. They were about the size of a golf ball and were so moist and delicious that I was hooked. The order comes with Bibb lettuce (for wrapping) and a phenomenal cole slaw.  If this were served in one of the "upscale" restaurants on the Strip, the price would be double.  The Haulin Balls team were extremely friendly and I loved their music. I highly recommend this truck!
2	Finally tried Haulin Balls at Vegas StrEATs recently.  I was unfulfilled from the special at Slider Truck, so I figured I'd try something I've never had before.  The guy working the window was friendly, and he convinced me to try the tuna balls.  He said I'd love 'em.  Well, I didn't.  They were ok, but I was hoping for something a little rarer than the deep friend tuna I ended up with.  Even worse, it was $10.  Seems a little pricey for what's a snack at best.  If it was half the price, that'd make much more sense.A friend of mine tried the same thing at a different event and was only charged $9.  What's up with that?
4	I got the opportunity to try Haulin Balls when they were at the Monday Night Fundraiser at Johnny Fontane's Beach House last night. It was really great of them to be willing to donate a portion of their sales to the Red Cross for Hurricane Sandy relief. I ordered the BBQ pulled Chicken on top of french fries. It was pretty amazing actually. And really filling as well. But a couple hours later I seized the opportunity to try their actual meatballs since they were still there. I got the Godfather which was basically a meatball parm hero. You get a couple massive balls on a hoagie roll with sauce, parm, mozzarella and parsley. Overall, it was a good sandwich. The meatballs were great, the sauce was pretty good and the cheese wasn't melted. I guess that's part of the territory being on a food truck. If they had an oven to toast the roll a bit and melt the cheese, this would probably change a really good meatball parm hero into a fantastic one. I definitely would recommend trying Haulin Balls if you ever get the opportunity. The guy running it, Andy, was awesome and very friendly. I'm glad I got the chance to finally try them and will definitely order from them again.
4	Very cool of these guys to come out on Monday night to the Fundraiser at Johnny Fontane's Beach House. They were very friendly and served up some good food! Tried the "Godfather" and the BBQ fries. The "Godfather" was good but melted cheese on top and maybe a toasted roll would have made it that much better. The BBQ fries were awesome and would absolutely get them again. Big props to them for contributing to this event and donating a portion of their sales to Red Cross for Hurricane Sandy Relief. Very friendly staff and look forward to grubbing with them again!
5	Haulin Balls was the BEST Holiday addition to our corporate party!!  Friendliness, customer service, and BALLS...were above and beyond!!!  Multiple employees approached me and complimented them to me on how they even remembered our names!!!  Highly Highly recommend them for food and fun!!!
5	I've eaten from this truck numerous times both at different event/festivals and at a few of their lunch stops.  I enjoy the Zorba sandwich, which is the lamb, the best.  great flavors, great service, friendly, clean, fun.find them and try it
2	I really wanted to like Haulin Balls.  I am a big food truck fan.  I've tried them 3 times now and think I am done.  My first visit I drove across town only to find they closed/left early.  At least send out a tweet or something. It was disappointing but things happen.My second visit I caught them at Saturday Night Truck stop and got the Maryland Crab balls.  I believe they were $8 or $9.  Crab is expensive so I went with it.  I got two very small balls on a piece of wilted lettuce.  The balls were bite size.  The flavor was good.  I just felt they were to small for the price and the lettuce was unappetizing.  I decided to give them another try.  I kept seeing people tweeting about their bbq pork nachos.  I went to Vegas Streats and they were sold out.  That made me want them more so I finally tracked them down a few weeks later and got a order.  The flavors were good.  Maybe it was built up to much in my mind I expected more.  They advertise fresh homemade chips but I got cheap yellow tortilla chips.  I mean if your going buy store bought at least get some good ones.  They really ruined the nachos.  I really wanted to love them but they were average.  I might give Haulin Balls another try in the future, but I won't search them out.  There are to many other food trucks out there.
1	Breakdown of Haulin Balls when I had them a few days ago: FOOD:I ordered the Zorba, Fried Ravioli, and Fried Mac n Cheese bites (not listed on their website).  The Zorba didn't have enough seasoning, too much olive, and was only on half a sandwich roll.  When the food was ready, I was so confused on the size of the Zorba for the cost (of $8).  You get two meatballs and half a bread roll... great... The fried ravioli and mac n cheese bites were okay but then again they didn't make the food since it was pretty much store bought and they just deep fried it for you.  SERVICE:The service was okay.  The employee that took our order was polite but it what i didn't like was that she took forever doing the math.  She actually made circle dots on her order sheet and counted them to give me the total... really?!?!With so many food trucks out there, I definitely will not be going to eat here again.
2	When I first heard about Haulin' Balls, my inner 12 year old boy giggled and was determined to check it out. A few First Fridays ago, a friend and I went on a quest to find the food truck with a funny name, but couldn't find it. We asked at the info tent and they said they saw the truck pull up, but there wasn't enough room, so they left. We checked Facebook/Twitter, but they hadn't posted anything. That would have been a good way to let people know they weren't there! We ended up at Roamin' Dough and had delicious meatball sacks (she said sack.)This Friday, we finally found our balls! (Heehee.) They had two types: Godfather and Zorba. We decided on the Godfather. We asked the gal how big her balls were (heehee, I'll stop now) and she said they were big enough to share. We were glad because $10 for a meatball sandwich sounded a bit high. She then informed us they were out of cheese...mozzarella AND feta. Blah. We went ahead and ordered it to share, along with some sweet potato tots.Are you kidding me? Ten bucks for TWO average sized meatballs on half a sub roll? It needed more sauce and the cheese sure would have been nice. The meatball itself was flavorful, but the texture was a bit gristly (granted, I am super picky about my meat.) The sweet potato tots were fine, but nothing magical for $3.I'm bummed. I REALLY wanted to like Haulin' Balls. It's not that it was BAD, it was just overpriced and I don't get how you run out of cheese at 8:30pm at First Friday! You kind of know it's going to be busy!
