5	I'm not sure if this is the exact Ross location that we went to, but we had a great time shopping at Ross.  If you want to shop here, make sure you're in the mood to dig through lots of clothing!  That's what we did, and we came out with some great bargains.  I got an adorable pair of shoes for $10, among other things.  It's not well-organized at all, so make sure you search for your size, and don't trust the little signs on the racks with the size numbers!
4	I used to go to this one frequently because my office was just around the corner (at the time). It wasn't crowded at all when I went- after work. More people were shopping at Wal-Mart. I like this store even though it's a tad smaller than other Ross stores. I found a citrine colored cotton twin set (cardigan & tank) from Banana Republic here. My co-worker said she saw the same one and was thinking about getting it- how funny. I still wear it today- it's classic, and it goes with pants, jeans, or even a skirt. You can find really good deals here sometimes. Sometimes there are special weeks- "Shoe Week" or "Dress Week."
3	This Ross is just okay. It's hit and miss in terms of stock and tidyness. Clothes selection is okay aside from them having a lot of good dresses. I don't ever find nice shoes here and it is really effing messy compared to most. Home stuff is fairly decent, I've found a few cooking accessories here at a steal including a Rabbit wine opener set which I've been wanting and a good cast iron skillet. The dressing room is kinda dirty. I get sometimes you can't always help it, but there were visible dustbunnies that it can't hurt to sweep in there daily to keep a busy place clean.  I prefer to look in Marshalls in the same parking lot for clothes and accessories, but I seem to have success in home items here.
3	The people here are always friendly, and even though the shelves are disorganized and crazy looking, you can find super good deals. Especially when you want to find designer stuff for way cheaper. I've found a MK watch there for only $150.00 and a Harajuku Lovers backpack for $45.
4	Ross is a hit or miss you just have to catch it at the right time. Service:  4/5 The people here are always friendly even when they're about to close (which is the time most businesses employee's get eager to leave for the day)Store: 3/5 All Ross store's are very unorganized and messy. Boxes are opened and you really have to watch your step in the shoe's section. The place is a mess but the prices are ridiculously cheap for great items. Home furnishing: 5/5 I only go to ross for cheap home decorations because they usually have a great variety of Buddha's and plants for a great price. I bought a lot of my "first apartment" necessities from this ross. Like your dinner set, cup set, pot set all for super cheap and great quality.
1	this ross is beyond rude! will not be shopping here again!
4	I am a regular here because of the convenience of the location for me. I do like it better than other ones I've been to but they don't seem to restock some sections very often.. perhaps because those are the sections that don't sell well? I'm not sure, but I can deal with it. Friendly people MOST of the time.
5	Ross seems to be the same as all the rest ...... but it's the people that work their that make the difference in your shopping experience. I just love the personable nature of their General Manager, Travis. His demeanor must be infectious because I feel welcomed by everyone from the cashiers Brittany & Lynette down to the damn Loss Prevention guys....Thomas is a super cool dude, vigilant & professional, this man really cares about his job.....& it shows.....Kaymon, is very appealing. As the first line of contact, Kaymon greats every guests that enters & exits the business, checks out the bags and belongings of fellow Ross employees leaving for the day ALL WHILE carrying a friendly conversation with a returning guest WITHOUT MISSING A BEAT.  I actually enjoyed my trip to Ross.
