5	Not long ago I had become so rundown that it seemed as though my body just wasn't "working" any more. The most troubling was being tired all of the time and the digestive trouble I had developed. I knew I needed help and after being disappointed by traditional medicine for so many years, I sought out the help of a naturopathic/holistic doctor. I was very lucky to find Dr. Dooley at the Art of Living Center and couldn't have asked for a better experience.The first thing I noticed about Dr. Dooley was her kind and caring approach to patient care, and that she actually listens. I received from her a thoughtful, personalized plan for healing that addressed all of my concerns and outlined the steps to get to the root causes of my problems. I have been working with Dr. Dooley for nearly six months now and in that short time she has helped me to naturally overcome digestive distress, improve liver function and restore hormonal balance (to name just a few). Friends and family have noticed the changes in me saying that I look younger and seem more "alive" and happy. I can honestly say that I feel like a new person and am so grateful to Dr. Dooley for helping me to heal.
5	Many people don't know why you would go to a naturopathic doctor, and I don't know why you wouldn't. :) Basically they operate under the premise that your body has the power to heal itself under most circumstances but you need to help it do so.  I went to Dr. Melonni Dooley to get my health in check before a major surgery since anaesthesia is so terrible for you. Plus I had done some organic cleanses before and it totally changes your life when your digestive health is in check - you sleep better, less stress, no major stomach pain, no blood sugar hangry or queasy spells.  So Dr. Dooley took me under her care in a very, well, caring way. We even did acupuncture, and hydrotherapy as well.  I got the right supplements, fish oil, probiotics, etc. and was well on my way. I know Dr Dooley also treats women's health issues (like hormonal stuff) and degenerative neuro stuff, so when my dad's Alzheimers kicks in I am definitely bringing him here! Being self-employed, I have a super high deductible so I might as well seek out the care that I want and is easy in/out without having to wait for a friggin hour for the doctor to come in and be processed by 4 different departments in a visit. Well worth the money in my view for those of us with busy schedules.One more note- I don't remember the chiropractor's name, but one day I was having a stress induced TMJ attack and she fixed it in 3 minutes flat and it hasn't come back. Amazing!My only complaint is that her current location at Art of Living Center in Dilworth has a precarious pathway from the back parking lot off Dilworth Road East to the front tall steps (difficult with crutches.)
4	I'm a new patient, so I can't attest to the efficacy of Dr. Dooley's treatment. That will come at a later date.But I can comment on the treatment (as in how I was treated); and that was very well indeed.Let me set up the story by saying I'm a skeptical old fart. I come from a long line of skeptics that didn't believe in all these over the counter nostrums, herbs, berries and twigs . . . until several of them actually worked for me and my skepticism took a major hit.My knees are swollen, painful, and stiff and the doctors at OrthoCarolina agree with my scientific self-diagnosis -- my knees are swollen, painful, and stiff. They can't fix them, but they'll help me use up my Medicare. So nice of them! Meanwhile it's becoming very difficult to get out of a chair.Dr. Dooley has a downloadable medical history form to complete at home, and then took well over an hour going over it with me on the first visit.On the second visit she had a packet ready with specific recommendations and went to great lengths to make sure I understood the reasoning behind each recommendation.Now you're up to date.---I was treated professionally and well. There is a back door with only three steps. They'll open it for you if you let them know the paving stones and front steps to be a chore.Stay tuned.
5	I am so thrilled to have met D. Dooley!! She is very knowledgeable and care about springing time with her patients. She really listens to what is going on and spends the time that is needed to really get to the bottom of health issues. I totally recommend her to everyone!
