5	Best place in town , just open today , fries are awesome , any burger you grab is the best, you can't go wrong , they start in Austin Texas and moving down to Los Angeles can't wait
5	Fun place! - Our waitress's T-shirt said "We spank our patties and they like it! "One of the drinks is called "Lil' Prick" which is a sassy prickly pear martini with tequila.We had the Goodnight Angus Beef burger with grilled onion and the sauces on the side.  It was cooked just like we requested. The side of fries was very tasty.  All served on a metal tray. They have a variety of Angus beef burgers,  a Bison burger, a Lamb burger, Black Bean corn patty, sushi-grade Tuna, Turkey and Akaushi Beef with Brie Cheese and Aioli sauce.The drink fountain promised healthier "cane sugar" drinks and even my diet coke tasted better than at other places.  They have organic kale, caesar,and spinach arugala salads   We will definitely be back to try the homemade custard ice cream shakes with tempting flavors like Caramel & sea salt, red velvet cake, nutella and chocolate pretzel. Two burgers, two drinks and a large fry about $26 for hormone and antibiotic free Angus beef. Buns are baked from scratch. Hopdoddy means beer (hop) and doddy is nickname given to native cows of Aberdeen. Did I mention they have lots of beer choices?
5	Omgosh best burger in town. By far. The milkshakes are to die for. The atmosphere of the restaurant is great and the service was excellent. I can't wait to come back!
5	Impressive burger bar with healthy food options. Turkey burger was outstanding. My guess is that this place will be difficult to eat at due to popularity.
5	This is a really nice place.  The decor is great and the service is super friendly.  I had the poblano burger and it was cooked perfectly.  They have mostly local beers on tap and I enjoyed the two different IPAs that I tried last night.
5	Went back with wife and friends. I had the Japanese beef burger with Brie and caramelized onions. Outstanding! Wife had the poblano burger and loved it . Friends said best burger they've ever had . Shared the salted carmel milkshake for dessert . Outstanding service. Couldn't have had a better casual dining experience.
5	This is probably the best burger bar in AZ, possibly the west coast. El Diablo burger is out of this world, by far the best I've had in years. On their opening day it was really spicy, but hasn't been that spicy since then. Either way, they will try to scare you, but really it's not all that hot. They picked such a great location and I suspect this place will continue to be as packed as it has been in the past few days since opening up. I love the decor and ambiance they got going there.The fries are great as well. Very fresh and not overly salty. The only negative thing I have to say about this place is that they don't have traditional simple desserts. Who has room for a shake after a burger? I never understood that trend.Also worth mentioning is the truly awesome customer service. I don't know if it's because they just opened, but it seems like they have A LOT of people working there. Which is great, they're all nice and eager to help you out.Next I plan on trying other burger combinations as well as their grass-fed patties.
3	Full Service? Not really.  Assigned Seating? Yes.  Fast Food style line? Yes.  Tipping? Yes - jar with a reminder phrase about how tipping isn't just for cows.  Also the credit card slips have the tip line on them, but yet again this is clearly not a full service place.  Interesting.The awkwardness started when we couldn't enter the building yet there were many open tables visible, and no apparent overcrowding inside.  They have a corral that starts outside with staff only allowing patrons in to where you find yourself paying for the 1st of multiple times - the first is a separate transaction in a standing line for your beer.  And sadly there are only Arizona beers on draft and the large size is only available in a big FROZEN schooner that you often see at old school Mexican restaurants.  After paying for the first time you continue through the line where another staff member gives you an assignment slip for your table.  Better not lose that!  And then you order at the register, pay a 2nd time, and proceed to find your assigned seat.  In my case it was 2 burgers, 2 fries for low $30's (excluding tip and excluding beer).  Shortly after this I found my beer glass empty and guess what - you must go back to the bar or find a roaming employee in your assigned seating area.  So make that a 3rd transaction for my visit.  I'm not making this stuff up.When I thought it couldn't get much worse before I had even received my food I made the mistake of getting a nice tall glass of water from the unlabeled water dispenser which turned out to have cucumber and citrus juices in it too.  If you don't dig cucumbers, you understand the surprise.  But to make me feel better, I noticed all of the signs espousing the "support local" philosophy/religion and such, and for that reason I can see why they'll gain a lot of similarly minded consumers.   Food quality was in fact fairly good as far as burgers go and reminded me a lot of Smashburger, but then the inevitable comparisons of how they run the business came to mind.  In the end I find myself leaning in one of two separate directions. If I'm going to dish out this much money for burgers and beers I'd rather just be at a full service place.  Or, if I'm going to be corralled into standing lines and such then maybe I'd rather just be at a Smashburger-like place where the food is just as good but without the big dent in my wallet.
3	Just ok. Food was good, nothing spectacular, but not bad either. Lots of options and combinations, and they have gluten free buns and a veggie burger, so that was a plus. Fries are above average, and the small touches, like the condiments and the soda were very well done.However: vastly overpriced for what you get, and the restaurant is that particularly annoying combination of counter-service and servers. Basically you place your order and it comes to your table, but I wouldn't really call that full service, even if they do in theory refill your drinks.
1	Horrible! You would think that a place that prides themselves from being from Texas would have top quality meat. Not the case at this place. Save your money.
4	Veggie burger is for sure one of the best I've had, delish avocados and smeared with a cilantro sauce that was out of this world. As non-meat eater I definitely appreciate a home made veggie burger vice defrosted garden burger.Hubs said his classic burger was very good but not unlike others he has had at burger focused restaurants.To drink I went with the Caramel Sea Salt milkshake after 4 separate employees recommended it to me. A milkshake is something I order maybe one or two times a year and this one was so freaking good I can see myself packing on a few lbs just from wanting it again and again and again. Were talking rocks of sea salt in my mouth. Oh yes. Fries were just right and spicy chipotle ketchup was a great accompaniment.As for the line / corral nonsense, we arrived at 5PM for Saturday dinner so we really didn't wait, but by the time we left there were a good 30 people outside and at least 10 empty tables inside. I really had my doubts if Scottsdale peeps would line up at this place as I heard they do in TX .... Turns out they will but curious how long that will last. I can see your standard Scottsdale escalade driving frappucino drinking my-shit-don't-stink train wreck  group of guys trying to work the line here thinking they are all special and I don't think they will have much luck. The "excuse" for the line is that you are waiting for a table to clear but it's pretty obvious they line you up to create an appearance of demand and exclusivity like a night club. You have to follow the rules like a good little sheep I mean customer or you won't get your delicious burger. Personally I find it annoying if tables are open I would rather wait at a table and chill with a drink vice lining up like cattle (Pun intended) but I have to give it to them it's a smart tactic and they are hustling you to buy a drink from the moment you walk up so they clearly have a lucrative setup. And considering I was balls deep in a $6 milkshake before I made it to the cashier to order their setup works. The only benefit is you don't have to play the game where some fat ass is saving a table for his friends who are still parking their cars and you are standing there like a schmuck with a tray of cold food waiting for a table to open.I will definitely be back but if I see more then 10 people in that damn corral and can't snag a bar seat I will just go to smash burger.  I will try to stick to early dinners or lunch to avoid waiting needlessly. Time is clearly money here and I would prefer not to offer to much of either up if I can avoid it.Everything was great and so was the service- based on the accents they must have brought TX employees in for the opening and I will be curious to see if local employees can keep the service levels as high.
5	This place is amazing. I'm a little embarrassed to say I've been 3 times in the last week. The first time my friend and I split the Llano Pablano burger and baby kale salad. AMAZING! The second time another friend and I split the Greek lamb burger. It wasn't my favorite. But still pretty tasty. Last night I went with my boyfriend and I got the seared ahi burger. It was so good I literally woke up thinking about it this morning ha. Make sure you also get or split the Parmesan truffle fries. To. Die. For. Moscow mules are awesome. Friendly staff (Love Milan) and fairly quick. I will definitely be returning again and probably again!
4	First impression was this place is kickin': line of folks outside, food looked good from the window, lots of awesome points. But then you notice the empty tables, and wonder why they dont seat the 25 minute line outside. They can take drink orders as you wait but once youre allowed inside, theres more of the same line to order your food. A server or hostess , I'm not sure who, walks up and asks how many we have and then says, "Im going to go find you a table and I'll be back." My impression is that this is really inefficient. People running back and forth trying to keep track with paper and pen where we can sit... I would consider getting an ipad or some electronic reader that people can mark off unavailable seats and it updates in real time. We order, get our condiments,  and drinks, only to now go look for our seat in a section they assigned us. Wasnt hard by the way but still had to look for it.Food came soon after: red velvet shake-bomb.com, prime time burger- great but I couldnt really taste the brie, CARAMELIZED ONIONS ARE OH MY GOD GOOD, el diablo burger was spicy as hell but awesome, chile con queso fries are stupid good and the queso on the diablo is ridunculous.Overall really damn good food and i really give it 4.5 stars but just slightly disappointed with the inefficiency.
3	The burgers were very good and fairly priced though with no sides. If this were a normal restaurant that would bring me back.  The beer selection was adequate. Although at least one other review complained about only having Arizona beers I thought that was a strength. The problem is that this isn't a normal restaurant. There are elaborate procedures to line you up, educate you on how to order, identify a table, then order at a cash register, then get your own condiments and soft drinks or water then carry your drinks, etc to the table. Tipping is expected though no service was provided except taking an order and identifying a table.  From there it is full service. The only service I can think of other than food and alcoholic beverages already ordered at the cashier would have been a second drink but we had our food shortly after beverages so didn't need another or dessert which wasn't needed. The waitress seemed nice and did check back. Something else which bothered me is that silverware is not provided except a steak knife and there are no napkins, just paper towels. So great burgers, good beers, complicated self serve systems and no table setting. I like restaurants. This doesn't meet my desires. I am not sure how mobility challenged customers could do it. I couldn't bring my wife. But good burgers...
5	Fantastic juicy burger cooked to perfection. Order a beer and it is served in the coldest goblet you've ever seen. Can't wait to go back again. Staff is friendly and helpful.
5	Love this place. Highly recommended!
4	This spot has only been open for one week and they are off to a great start!We were immediately greeted outside the front door and told to walk in and meet the hostess who would assign our table number. So you go in, take your place in line and then the hosts will come over and give you a sheet of paper with you table number. We were given menus and deciding what to order. The line goes right past the bar and the bartender wasted no time offering us a drink while we waited. He then mentioned that the seats at the bar are first come first served and full-service. So we quickly got out of line and bellied up to the bar.The beers looked really great, but being a work day, I just stuck to water.My friend and I decided to split the Poblano burger and an order of the fries with Green Chile Queso.It took about 15-20 minutes for the food to arrive, they split the fries and queso, but we had to split the burger ourselves...no biggie.The queso we got was quite red in color i think it was the chile con queso as opposed to the green chile version we ordered, but it was delicious anyway.The burger was cooked the way we asked (med-rare) and it was stacked high with toppings and the bun held up to all of the juice. I went though about 4 paper towels during the meal, which to me is a good sign when eating a burger. I am excited to go back and enjoy some adult beverages with some of the best fries I have ever had!
4	Hopdoddy is one of my new faves. They have a killer atmosphere and everyone working there is all smiles and "how can I help you"s. I love the rustic, Texas feel and the cute little sayings posted around. A couple notes:1) Be prepared to wait: I've waited up to 35 minutes, it's not bad, but I suspect I'll be less thrilled about it when it's really cold or hot outside. You wait in front of the restaurant, then wait in a line that conveniently circles the bar. It's worth the wait and usually there are free handouts of margarita samples, shake samples and fries.2) The Mexican cola 'on tap' at the soda machine is not as good as the real deal, so just order the bottle of Mexican coke if that's your preference.3) Sassy sauce is a tangy mayo they'll give you on demand, reminds me of horsey sauce, I'm a fan!Get ready to wait for a great burger. My favorites so far are the classic and the Greek -- lamb with feta, onion, cucumber and more. YUM!
5	Drove by this location watching it being built many times thinking another burger place, do we really need another burger restaurant? Yes since it is close to home and great quality.Tried going there last Saturday and the line into the restaurant was out the door, so we decided to come back another day. Wide selection of burgers including bison which I will try next time, had the Llano Poblano Burger with a fried egg which was prepared well and very juicy with truffle fries which were very good. The true test were my kids thought this was one of the better burgers that they have had.Location is very accessible with plenty of parking and the ambiance is very nice, with of course a bar, very modern decor and tv monitors that add to the atmosphere but does not make it a sports bar. Plenty of outside seating for the current awesome night dining.Service was good but the waiter really does not need to do anything as they have a self serve drink dispenser.Will go back to try the other burgers and encourage anyone to try this new resatauant.
5	I've only been here once since they opened a week or so ago, but I'm bound to be back soon. At first, the abnormal seating and ordering style is a bit weird. You stand in line, and in the mean time a hostess assigns you a seat number and gives you a ticket. Then you get to the cashier and order and you give them the ticket. In the end, it works out nicely, because you don't need to wait for a waiter to run your check back and forth, you can just leave when you are ready.The important part is is how fantastic the food is. The burgers were delicious, from the perfectly baked bun to the meat and toppings; my wife and I both loved it. Also, I highly recommend the truffle fries; they are out of this world delicious. The old-school style soda fountain is good too. Cream soda on tap? yes please!
5	Definitely the best burger in the Valley.  This is what a burger should taste like.  I have already been 3 times, and every burger has been delicious.  The Goodnight, has a great flavor, with sweet caramelized onions, fresh jalapenos, to kick it up a notch, with their secret sassy sauce.  The Terlingua is the preeminent chili cheese burger, with great tasting chile con carne, and  a few fritos to add another texture.  Probably my favorite so far has been the Primetime, with Texas japanese beef, truffle aioli, and caramelized onions.  The fries are great as well, whether you get the regular fries or the truffle fries.  Fresh cut and fried and well seasoned.  Don't miss the shakes either, I tried the Red Velvet shake, and there were chunks of cake throughout the shake.  The soda fountain is loaded with Maine Root soda.  They are far superior to what you get with a Pepsi or Coke product, plus they are all made with cane sugar.  I can't get enough of both the Root Beer and Cream Soda.The ordering system is a bit different, but it allows quick service once you place your order.  It will get quicker as people get used to how it works.  Still not sure what to think of the tipping system.  The servers bring you your food, and refill your drinks, but it isn't full service, so not sure what a fair tip is.People who say the food isn't that good don't know good food.  Everything is made fresh, expertly prepared, and served hot.
5	Best burgers in the valley - hands down (JMHO). Fun and attentive servers. You can't go wrong here. My BF and I have tried most of the burgers on the menu and have had no complaints about any of them.  Well, maybe I've complained about one or two being super messy but, in the end - who doesn't love licking sassy sauce off their fingers (and maybe their arm)?Personally my favorite burger is the Magic Shroom.  Runner up is the Buffalo Bill, or maybe the Terlingua?  The fries are crispy, not greasy and awesome with a side of green chile queso (*drool*).  Also, the salads - yes this is a burger, fries, and shake place BUT - they make great salads!  Spinach and arugula plus a turkey burger patty is yummy and, to my surprise, I don't feel like I'm missing out on anything (burger, fries, shake) when I order it.The ordering process seems to bother some people but remember these key points...1) The line moves FAST and the host/hostess will happily explain the process to you if you are confused2) The servers come around with samples of fries and shakes on a frequent basis3) The bartender will let you sample beer as you progress in line past the bar but...4) You don't have to order your first round of drinks as you pass the bar while in line.  The bartender is only asking in case you're thirsty while in line (which you probably are, see #2).  5) Once you're at your table you'll have a server who will take care of everything for you.  Drinks?  Refills?  Sauces?  Shakes?  Yes, the server will handle all of that.Seriously, if you haven't been - TRY IT!
5	It's all you could want in a burger joint. Being new, this place was hopping but there is plenty of seating so there was no waiting around. The staff was extremely nice and peppy, helping us every step (literally) of the way. You order at the window and can pick up a drink at the bar on the way. The beers come in frozen goblets big enough that you have to hold them with two hands--I was one happy girl. Try the watermelon ale like I did if you like a lighter beer, it hits the spot. The burger list is not extensive but they are crafted well, I ordered the primetime which has Brie cheese, truffle oil, and steak sauce--why not try something rich your first time around? My friend got the el diablo burger which was nice and spicy-- they have something for everyone's taste buds.  I know this place will have a lot of success in the near future and as their shirts say "we spank our patties and they like it". Well I definitely approve of whatever they are doing!
5	Food was amazing, but the set up is a little strange. Let me also emphasize the food was amazing. However, upon arrival, you are greeted and ushered to an ordering station to place your order and pay for your food, and then are given a table number. When seated at your table you are then greeted by your 'server' who will be taking care of you from this point on. So after my wife and I finished our meal, we ordered dessert from our server, who then brought us a second check. It seemed strange for us to be paying for food twice in one sitting, but that is how it goes at Hopdoddy. Did I mention the food was amazing?
3	I have been on a search to replace Indulge, which heartbreakingly closed a few months ago and was my favorite burger, shake and fries of all time. Hopdoddy was a really promising replacement potential. I love how serious they are about healthy beef, local food, etc. Exactly what I am looking for. The location is super cool, as is the concept. The staff was 10000% nice and very helpful. Sadly, I just really didn't like the burger. It tasted like an at home burger, heavy on the pepper taste, and just not what I was looking for. The fries were really good though, as was the made from scratch bun. Finally, the shake was trying to be too much. I had them make me just chocolate, no stout. It tasted heavy on something, like cinnamon. This place is great, probably for someone who likes more interesting tastes (my boyfriend LOVED his poblano burger), but not someone like me who just likes a straight up delicious classic cheeseburger, fries and shake. The hunt for a replacement continues. The only other thing to mention is that it took about 40 minutes from line to table - hopefully that is just because it is popular as it just opened.
4	My husband and I were on a date and stumbled by this place. We went up and found out it was friends and family night but they would let us come in if we agreed to critique our food and service-absolutely! It was fun and different. The drink selections were great. The fries with green chili quest amazing.if you are looking for a different kind of burger place this is your place.
4	First time I had gone to Hopdoddy so I went with the Continental. Probably the best turkey burger I've ever had and it actually looked like a burger ready for its photo shoot. The staff was very friendly and engaging.
5	I do not eat red meat but love me a delicious Turkey Burger!! I wanted something different and I got the prim time burger with the turkey patty. Hands down the best Turkey Burger I have ever had!! I loved every juicy bite!They also have great milk shakes.I got the Parmesan truffle fries, Just as Good. The service was great and every thing looked as it was moving smoothly due to the fact they just opened. The concept of ordering is kind of difficult when you have little ones so next time I will send my husband to order and ask to get seated sooner then later. Very excited I tried the burger place looking forward to going back.
5	Found a new favorite burger place! Won't bore you with explaining the ordering process, since everyone else has. My daughter and I shared the Primetime, the Goodnight and parmesan truffle fries. Both burgers were cooked as ordered - medium rare - and were flavorful and "messy juicy". The fries were to die for...she was even digging to the bottom of the paper cone to get all the goodness that had settled there! We also both had the cream soda...a great change from the usual soft drink offerings. Definitely putting Hopdoddy into our lunch rotation.
2	First note that what I need in a restaurant is pretty specific.  Good food of course, but more important than that for me is the timing.  Every weekday I leave work, pick up the little one from daycare, call a restaurant for dinner pickup, and pull in the driveway as my wife is getting home so we can all have a nice family dinner.  I have probably 6-8 restaurants in the usual rotation, but am always looking to add more good ones.I called Hopdoddy last night from the car for pickup, and was told by the manager who may have been named Brandon that they don't do call ahead orders, but he said if I came in and ordered it would be ready in 10 minutes.  My kid is 2, so waiting in a restaurant is near the top of my list of things I like to avoid, but at this point I was already in the car, so even if I stopped for a fast food it would take almost 10 minutes, so what's the harm in the extra couple minutes?  Fine, we'll give it a shot.So to begin, 8 minutes alone in line.  I wasn't purposefully timing it, but thanks to a phone call ending as I got there compared to the time on my receipt, the timing was done for me.  I don't blame the restaurant for this part; they have two registers to order from, but one of them was taken up for most of that time by a couple in their 80's who must have decided this was the first time they were going to order food from anywhere, or they just liked to small-talk, I'm not sure, but they took forever.The part that really got me was that we waited 20 minutes after ordering for our food to come out (thanks again to the time on the receipt for helping me track this one).  I don't like smoke being blown up my butt by anyone, but 20 minutes with a hungry toddler is much, much more than double the headache of 10 minutes with a hungry toddler, so don't tell me 10 minutes if it's going to be 20.  Then to top it off they bring the food on 'for here' plates, despite the two places they had indicated it was take out, combined with the fact that they seated us at their mini booths specifically for take out orders, so we then had to wait while they packaged it up.Unfortunately this place has worked its way out of the rotation based solely on the fact that they don't take call ahead orders, hopefully that new burger place opening up by Pita Jungle does now that Indulge has sadly closed down.
2	Just a dumb concept to have to stand in line to get food.  We wanted drinks first (unwinding after work) and then decided on food. The server can't get us food. So then we have to stand in line for an hour!   Not doing that. So we should just keep drinking and then drive.  Makes no sense!
5	Skyler hit the nail on the head. This concept is a little different but the food is amazing. I had the Buffalo Billy and my girlfriend got the Continental. We both agreed the size was perfect (maybe a little big), and the quality of the product exceeded our expectations. One thing - I don't think this is a place where you go for drinks. The process of ordering and eating doesn't seem to fit well with sitting and having beers and watching a game. And honestly I think that's okay because there are enough places to do that around here anyway. You can tip when you order or you can tip your server (this confused us at first so I asked a manager). The tips among cooks, servers, food runners etc are pooled. The bar is treated as it's own. Bottom line, great food, great service and I place I look forward coming back to again.
4	I was confused by the initial setup. I was greeted by hostess & I told her how many in our party and she told me to go stand at the end of a line where there were already a few people. They don't take your name & how many and give you an approximate wait time, you just wait in this line until it is your turn. Once it is your turn you go to the counter to order & pay for your food. It is also during this time that you are assigned your table #, where you will be sitting. I found it a bit odd that the receipt had the option to write in a tip before you experienced the service but I suppose you could leave that at zero and leave cash on the table. Also while waiting in line a server made the rounds asking if anyone wanted a drink. I ordered a beer and rather than having that added onto my bill I paid her separately.After ordering you sit and wait for the server to bring you your food. One positive note is that since you already paid when you are finished you can leave whenever, you don't have to try to find your server to get your check and settle up.I will say that the food was amazing. I ordered the Buffalo Bill and the cashier made the comment that was her favorite. When the server came & was identifying the burgers while passing them out when she came to my Buffalo Bill she also commented how that was her favorite. They weren't lying...this was an awesome burger!! I could say it was on par with Gordon Ramsay BurGR @ Planet Hollywood (at least my burger was).I was very pleased with the beer selection too...all local breweries, $5 for a good size amount.I would make a return visit.
3	Hail ceasar was relatively boring.. Dressing was bland. Baby kale salad was really good. Turkey burger was okay... Don't get the gluten free bread! Drinks were good.
2	I gave two stars because the experience is fundamentally flawed. The food was pretty good, though, maybe a 3. First, we lined up outside. It felt a little bit like waiting for a ride at the state fair. You really had no idea what was happening, how seating worked, etc, until you got closer.They had a waitress taking bar orders in line, which frankly is the only reason I stayed at that point. However, you had to close your tab at the time of service.Once you get in to the counter to order, still not clear on what is going on, you've paid one bill (for the drinks) and are now carrying a massive goblet of beer. You order, are told what # booth you've been granted, and pay again. If you want water, you are given a cup at that time. So, now you've paid twice and are walking around with two beverages in your hand looking for your booth number.The food came out pretty quickly. Unfortunately, requesting another beverage now means yet another bill I have to pay.Honestly, I really wanted this place to work. I like the look and the vibe it has. But please, get a proper hostess and seat people normally. Let the waitstaff you've already hired take orders from the table. Get rid of the whole line thing. It's unnecessary and kind of a pain. It's way too much work for a semi-decent burger and a beer or two.The menu is admittedly very limited. You can have some variation of a burger, a salad, fries, and a drink. Don't expect much else. It's like going to 5 Guy's with a bar and a trendy atmosphere. The waitstaff was friendly and accommodating. I know they all were, because literally every one of them waited on us at some point. That alone was confusing as well. I never knew who to flag down when I wanted another beer.Once all of this is fixed, I'll be back to see if I like the food a second time, but not before.
5	OMG! This place has the best burgers in town. I ordered Primetime, my hubby had El Diablo and my friend had Llano Poblano. All of us enjoyed perfectly cooked juicy burgers. Oh and we shared truffle fries and was crisp and seasoned perfectly. They do offer condiments but everything was seasoned just right and didn't need any additional sauces to kill the flavor. No one complained and enjoyed every single bite. Can't wait to be back soon to try other items.
3	Like its been said before, the set up is a little odd. You walk in & stop at bar to order your drinks then head to back counter to order your food. We went with the Continental (turkey burger) & a standard type burger for my daughter with an order of truffle fries. Price came to $26 with tip. Servers were all very friendly & stopped by periodically to check on us. My turkey burger was very moist likewise my daughters. The fries were almost in edible they were so over salted. Over all cute place, nice concept.
4	There have been an abundance of new burger and beer bars that have popped up recently in the valley.  Hopdoddy is riding that trend, along with filling a burger gap  in the Scottsdale-Shea area after the closure of Indulge Burger.  The concept here is simple: walk in and get greeted by hostess, read menu,  stand in line, (order drink as you pass the bar if you want), order burger, be seated, receive burger.  QUICK TIP:  If you sit at the bar you don't have to wait in line! I rather enjoyed my vegetarian sandwich and I'm not even a vegetarian ;)  The La Bandita (Black Bean-Corn Patty, Avocado, Goat Cheese, Arugula, Cilantro Pesto, Chipotle Mayo on Whole Wheat) was quite de-lish.  Sides do NOT come with the burgers.  The fries baskets are very "splitable" and are crispy and savory.  Waitresses/bartenders provide regular ketchup and house-special chipotle ketchup.  Also, there are several beers on tap including a few fun seasonal options.  Great vibe, tasty food, and a friendly staff at fair prices.  Check it out!
4	This place is quite different than anywhere else I've been before. That being said it is a good thing. It seems they can get quite busy at dinner time. I didn't have to really worry about that around 8:30pm on a Friday though. The outside of the restaurant looks really great and so does the inside. You order at a register and take a seat while you wait for your food. The burger is above average and you can definitely distinguish their burgers from ones that aren't as organic their burger is. The garlic fries are to die for and I suggest getting them. The soda drinks they offer were a little odd but made with real sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup. They had diet coke though for those who like that. The people were very friendly and dinner was enjoyable. There are TVs all over the place playing sports so that was a bonus for me. I would go here again.
3	Have been here three times now and really enjoy the food. The prime time burger is delicious and so is the beer. I really dislike the ordering system here and will only eat here if I can sit at the bar so I get full, normal service. Really wish they would change it to a normal sit down place. It would make it much less confusing and frustrating. Other people feel the same way based on some reviews.
3	I thought the ordering and service were clumsy. The burgers and fries weren't bad but I didn't taste anything that would make me rush back. A nice collection of beverages there, from the eclectic fountain drinks to the beer selection, you won't be disappointed. Staff was friendly and polite. Grass fed and Gluten free options were the reason we came and they were satisfying.
2	Thank goodness they weren't busy.  There was only one other party in front of us and we still had to wait quite a while to place our order.  I couldn't imagine if the place was busy.  The fries are out of this world, the raspberry white chocolate shake was meh as it wasn't very thick and the burger was poor.  I asked for it medium rare and it was brown all the way through and VERY greasy.  Combine this with the loud atmosphere and I won't go back.  There are so many better burger places and it isn't worth going just for the fries.
3	Burgers and drinks (I like the Lil' Prick although I hate the name) were delicious. We ordered 6 burgers on a busy night and they came quickly and without problems.  Ordering process is a nightmare but once you are sitting everything is taken care of. Servers were fun and quick. We will go back, on a slower night I hope.
2	I felt strongly enough about my experience here to actually write a review. I work nearby and my co-workers and myself decided to come here for a Friday happy hour. Some of us arrived at 3:30pm and grabbed drinks at the bar while we waited for others to arrive. Including us there were less than 10 customers in the whole place. When more people arrived we wanted to move to a table. The employee we talked too was not accommodating and was very disrespectful. She said we had order first and pointed to where we would line up to order food. We told her that we were gonna have drinks first and get food later, it was only 3:30. She insisted we couldn't get seated at a table until we ordered. She then said we couldn't be seated until our whole party was present. I then mentioned that maybe we should go across the street to Macayos and we could get a table there! To which the employee said, " you certainly can but their burgers aren't as good." We all had full drinks and finally got a table and decided to stay. We still had to go to the bar to order drinks, where I was charged $1 FOR THE ICE in my drink!!!!The food was good but nothing special and didn't come with a side. The entire service model is inefficient and breeds poor customer service. At one time I counted 8 employees standing by the back counter talking for an extensive period of time while there was maybe 12 customers in the place and we could have used a server to get us some drinks. I was more appalled later when the place was packed and a line waiting outside and there were 3 male employees outside just chatting with the "burger bouncer" while there is a line of customers that I'm sure could be served or assisted in some way. My expectations of my employees in the service industry is much higher, I wish I could remember the name of the female employee that was so disrespectful and unprofessional. If you like even half-assed service don't bother coming here.
3	After a day of Black Friday shopping decided to take my wife out for a nice lunch and just happened to drive by and decided to give it a try.  First, I prefer table service vs order pay and wait, reminds me of a fast food restaurant and not a great burger joint . . . zero stars.The Burger once it arrived was out of this world, I had the Primetime . . . three stars.The Fries were cold and definitely over seasoned, I had the Truffle Fries . . . zero stars.I really wanted this place to be GREAT . . . but I was left wanting so much more . . . I might be back, but I would need to be in the area . . . not worth a separate trip.
4	We really enjoyed our meal at Hopdoddy. The concept was a little confusing when you first walk in as to what to do but once the hostess came to us and explained it we were fine. I ordered the "El Diablo" and it was cooked perfectly. It is pretty spicy as a caution but nothing crazy. My wife ordered the Ahi Tuna burger that was also very good aside from using too much wasabi so you may want to ask them to go light. Fries were pretty good and they have a decent beer selection. My one gripe was the beer glasses they use. Kind of look like Margarita glasses and they are very heavy. Overall though we really enjoyed ourselves and will come back.
5	Loved this place! Best veg burger ever.  Really nice servers, super clean , great interior, good music, and Mexican fountain coke! Every detail was well thought out. I'll be back often.
4	This place is super busy! Either go early or wait til after the dinner rush or else you'll be standing in a line outside the door. However, once you do get in, the food is really excellent. I got the llano poblano burger which I highly recommend. Everything was high quality from the bun to the bacon on top. But the real show stopper here: TRUFFLE FRIES. At first, the thought of paying $6 for fries was utterly disturbing to me, but when my boyfriend and I saw the size of the portion, we were cool with sharing a batch. EAT THE TRUFFLE FRIES. IF YOU DO NOT EAT ANYTHING ELSE, THAT IS OK. BUT EAT THOSE FRIES.Side note: the guy who stood outside the door to greet customers and hand out menus was wearing a shirt that said "burger bouncer" and I thought it was awesome.
4	My absolute most favorite burger place near me so far! The menu is very eccentric and every burger I've tried is great. My favorite is La Bandita last one on the menu. It has 22 different ingredients just in one burger, never had anything like it. Reminds me of a major city restaurant but not as expensive because it's in Arizona. The beer is also stellar, soo much to choose from. And last the fries are addictive, just wish it would come with the meal all together instead of paying separate. Hope everyone goes and try's this great new place!!!!
1	After my second trip to hopdoddy I figured I'd do a review. The process of ordering is designed to get you to spend more money and receive less service and time to enjoy your dining experience. They count on most people ordering a drink at the walking bar thats your first bill. When you finally make it to the register to order your food they give you a table number and your hit with your second bill. If you'd like another drink be ready to get your wallet out for the third time. So to me they figured out how to get you to take out your billfold over and over and over again. Makes sense for the business owner as they now have several opportunities to get you to spend more money. But the customer and server are the ones on the short end of the stick. Half of you're dining experience is spent standing around being shuffled down the line with your five pound mug waiting to get your next bill. Most people tip on service which is almost nonexistent so the servers get crappy tips. The food was ok but we ordered are burger well-done both times as my wife is pregnant and cannot consume rare meat and each time they were served to us medium rare. Which brings me back to the service or lack of. No one came to check with us for about 20 minutes by then we were out the door never to return. Hey Mr. HopDoddy Your ass backwards ordering system my seem good for your bottom line but everyone in my party left pissed-off and you will lose your customer base...
5	Hopdoddy has everything I like. Such as a wide variety of craft beers, fresh margaritas, fresh tasty burgers, unique crispy fries, and friendly staff. I had the prime time burger which was cooked to perfection and was one of the best burgers I have ever had. I also had the truffle fries which were on my top 10 fries list. If you are in the area I highly suggest checking this place out.
4	PROS:Tasty food & drink, slightly swanky ambiance, decent prices for the quality/ambiance and pleasant staff.   CONS:Awkward ordering/seating/service system. Here's some more detail, if that doesn't tell you everything you need to know.FOOD/DRINKS:My husband and I split the caramel and sea salt milkshake, which was delicious  - creamy with really great caramel flavor accentuated by the salt.  It's not huge - a little smaller than a Solo cup - which was actually great for us but smaller than the average milkshake.A nice big serving of tuna on the ahi sandwich - served raw in the middle and seared on each side.  The toppings really make it pop - lots of flavor from the terryaki sauce, honey wasabi and crunchy nori.  The la bandita burger has a great patty, and between the cheese, avocado and chipotle ketchup (we asked them to leave out the mayo and added their chipotle ketchup ourselves, instead), it really tastes great.  The whole wheat bun adds a sligth sweetness.Note: sides are sold separately.  This suits me fine, but just FYI.ATMOSPHERE:Very nice ambiance - a bit industrial with lots of blond wood and low lighting and no wall in front of the kitchen.  The booths are particularly awesome - comfy benches, high but with foot rests.  The beautiful bar has them, too.ORDERING SYSTEM:You have to stand in a line (that isn't too efficient) to order your drinks(at the bar) and food(at the counter), while a hostess assigns you a table (but doesn't take you to it, just sticks your number on it).  She hands you a slip with your number, which you have to hand over when ordering.  Just in case the nice atmosphere has fooled you into thinking you're in a regular nice restaurant, just before the food counter, a sign reads, "Woah, nelly!  EASY ON THE MODIFICATIONS, PLEASE"  The did leave the mayo off both sandwiches for us without complaints, but I'm reluctant to try substituting the veggie patty for meat in their mny menu items the future.Once you've ordered, you're funneled through a fountain drink/condiment station and let out in one corner of the restaurant.  You go find your table and your food and drinks are gradually delivered to you by pleasant people.  Another weird thing is that, at this point, a server comes over and says he'll be taking care of you.  My first thought is that I just stood in a long line and endured a rude sign to do my own ordering - am I now expected to tip this perfectly nice fellow for refilling my water?CONCLUSION:We'll definitely be back, but it'll be in spite of the ordering system.  Also, we'd probably think twice about coming here with other couples because of the initial awkwardness.
4	GREAT burgers - loved every last bite of the Goodnighter. Lots of options, all sound great. A little overwhelming on your first visit, but the staff guides you to the right spots to order and sit. Fried were good, but not great. Will definitely be back through - fantastic burger and would love to try more of the menu and shakes.
4	My wife and I have been wanting to come here since it opened a few months ago.  We were forever passing by this place and it always looks happening so it must be pretty good, right?  Absolutely!They did a great job renovating this place from a Lone Star Steakhouse (I think).  It is modern, open, and clean.  The place really is quite comfortable and a perfect place for some beers and burgers.  Most importantly it wasn't Scottsdale-doochey.There is pretty much always a line and that's ok.  It moves pretty fast.  They ordering and seating system is pretty strange at first but there are tons of workers there that will give you the deal.  Basically, as you move through the line, you look over the menu and order a drink at the bar if you are interested.  Then, when you get to the register, you give your food order (after looking at a giant menu on the wall with no prices which pissed me off).  After you pay you find your table table and wait for your food.  After about 10 minutes your food arrives.  I know I explained the process poorly, but to sum it up think "strange but efficient".Anyway, the burgers and fries I tried were excellent and likely nothing there is not a solid choice.  I want to try EVERY salad, burger, and side because they all look excellent.  Next time I'll Yelp more about the actual food instead of the actual place and process.The staff were all very very friendly and efficient.The only problem I have with this place is the beer selection.  It was seriously lacking.  There are like 10 things on tap (mostly local) but were things you could find at just about any other place in town.  I was hoping for some more interesting selections.I can't wait to return.
5	This place was REALLY good. I had the ahi tuna burger, my wife had the turkey burger. Both were flawless. We also ordered a large side of fries, which was also awesome. Great beer list, and some pretty interesting craft drinks. My wife had the Moscow Mule. She said it was great. Good stuff----can't wait to come back.
3	I am very hopeful for this place but unfortunately I have to give 3 stars based on my visit tonight. My first visit was 5+ stars best burger ever. Tonight was more like 2.5. They warned us in advance that the burger is cooked medium rare which is exactly how we like. When it came out all 4 of our burgers were fully well done without the jalepenos and some of the amazing flavor from our first visit. Long story short it was inconsistent, leaving us still craving that first amazing burger experience.I will say the service is great, so is the atmosphere and concept. We are going to give it another chance because we LOVED our first visit so much. Please cook it medium rare next time! :-) it's a burger joint, and that's pretty important.
4	I've been wanting to try this place ever since they opened up. I've been driving by this place a few times a week since they opened. So today was the day. I was excited with anticipation because of all the reviews. When we first walked in, we were greet with a smiling face and handed a menu. It seems like a lot of newly opened place are using this system. Order and pay then they will serve you at your table. One difference between the other places is Hopdoddy reserves your table while you wait in line. I ordered the Buffalo Bill Burger which is buffalo and the Kennebec fries. I really enjoyed it. Nice and juicy with lettuce, tomato, and bacon. Yum yum. The fries were so fresh. I ordered a large fries to split with my family. They were so hot (temp). Everyone couldnt stop eating the fries. My wife ordered the Continental Club Burger which is the Turkey burger with grilled onions. She really enjoyed the burger which is surprising because she never likes burgers. I tried it and it was really juicy and cooked perfect. Really good. The service was surprisingly good. Once we sat at our booth, our server introduced herself and said that she was going to take care of us. She brought us out all of their different ketchups. She was even willing to fill up our drinks even through the drinks are self serve. The trays were cleared from our table in a timely manner. Overall, I wasn't disappointment. I had a really good time and good food. Enjoy cause I sure did.
3	Love a fun burger! This place was pretty good.  Not the best though.  My guys blue cheese was weak, I think it's the cheese bc my goat cheese was hard to tell it was there. We like a stronger cheese! Ran outta iced tea too, boo
5	Happen to pass this place yesterday while driving...So Glad I decided to have dinner there last night. The environment is modern and hip...family dinner, fun date, or hanging out. The food...DELISH! I had the Greek burger-lamb, feta cheese, arugala, (asked for caramelized onion), taziki sauce, and cucumber.  That burger was devine! Not sure if its bcuz I hadn't eaten food all day, or bcuz it was new...but I thoroughly enjoyed it. The margaritas (one the rocks) was so one point-no watered down drinks there. The wait staff/bussers/bartender were very inviting and patient. Based on my initial visit; I would most definitely go again.*constructive criticism* the order process is weird...there's no sign that tells you how the restaurant works. If it werent for the bartender telling us (we did look lost and confused-no hostess greeted us). U go thru a line to order-you pay-(they assign you a seat)-you find your seat-from there any additional items the waiter gets..but you have to pay again. The place was pretty busy but there was no long line. Its evident that long lines do form tho...there is crowd rope,a water dispenser and seating while you wait outside. There should be a "how it works" poster or something posted so newbies aren't completely lost (like we were-and the two couples behind us).I did order a bottled drink Kombucha(sp?)-It was terrible. The cashier did warn me it was a slightly carbonated "hippy drink"(her words). My goodness-it taste like vinegar and...earth. My husband order the red velvet shake...he loves red velvet cake. His review-they just dumped some pieces of r.v.cake in the mix and a few cake chunks on top.
4	Good burgers, friendly staff, I usually sit at the bar. Sometimes too much salt and I prefer the bun without the butter.
5	It's great food for sure!! Enjoyed every bite. Great service! You order and then sit which in most places that are similar you aren't told that.. Then end up sitting at a table for 10 minutes wondering where's my server! They greeted us by opening the door and walked us through the whole process. Looking forward to our next trip to Hopdoddy
5	My hubby found this place on Yelp when he searched for "Burgers and beer," our two favorite things.  When he looked on Hopdoddy's website and found out they were from Texas, he was really interested in trying it.  I remember seeing this place on South Congress in Austin before.  If it's on Soco, it's gotta be good.  He ordered the Goodnight burger and I ordered the Llano Poblano burger.  We got a small side of fries, which really was only big enough for one person, so when we go back, we will be upgrading to the large to share.  The Llano Poblano has grilled poblano peppers, bacon, onion, tomato, and some sort of delectable sauce on it.  The Goodnight burger had fresh jalapeno and the best grilled onions my hubby had ever had.  They have a great local beer list, including beers from Phx and Flagstaff.  If you are jonesing for an AZ craft brew, this is the spot to go.  Our only knock on this whole place though, were the huge goblets that the beer comes in.  Those goblets are better suited for margaritas or a drink you can drink with a straw.  They are a little cumbersome and unstable for good hard beer drinking.Overall, there is no question that we will be back!  I'm already craving that Chipotle ketchup again!!
2	I really don't understand why this place has gotten so many stars. Its a weird setup. First, you go in, and stand in line (McDonalds style) to order a burger and drinks. Wait staff are shuffling next to you and jostling to get by. You're standing in line being jostled on one side and have a loud kitchen in the other.  You pay for your food. You sit and wait. The burgers weren't great. The meat was gummy and had the feel of biting into some gelatinous gooey meat like substance. Not a burger. The hubs had a super salty veggie burger and my kid had a grilled cheese that was basically a hamburger bun turned inside out and buttered within an inch if it's life and pan fried. It was greasy and gross and she smeared buttery handprints on every surface she could touch (She's two - she can't help it. I cleaned up before we left with a wipe, but even for a toddler, it was a gross amount of grease.) The saving grace of the meal was the truffle fries, but I'm kind of partial to truffle oil and can eat that with a spoon, so maybe I'm not a good judge. We ordered a shake to round out our meal and had to pull out our credit card a second time during the meal to pay for it. (WHY don't they just have you order all your food at the table like a normal restaurant so you don't have the hassle of paying multiple times for one meal? I mean, you have the wait staff... They did take an order at my table...) It's a stupid setup. The place is too loud. The food is below average (I like to only give one star to restaurants that ultimately give me the trots, and at least they didn't give me food poisoning). And it's not kid friendly. Save your money and go pick up some burgers at In N Out and rent a movie at home. The experience and the food would be far better. (Yes, I called a fast food burger better...) I would judge this place "Not worth the calories and the drive."
4	The food and drinks at Hopdoddy are top-notch. I had the Classic Burger, Parmesan Aioli fries and a PV tea (a cocktail similar to a Raspberry Arnold Palmer). So delicious and such a creative menu. I could come back tons of times and probably never get bored. They even have grass-fed meat and composting bins. I LOVE LOVE LOVE that they are trying to be local and eco-conscious. More restaurants should be like this.The only reason for knocking off a star is for an unfair reason. I DID volunteer to sit at the bar (which is full-service where the rest of the restaurant is fast-casual style). It ended up being a bad choice, because I was right on the edge where all of the other customers are waiting in line, and some rather inconsiderate folk took it upon themselves to lean up against the bar, practically putting their elbows in my food. Of course, this is not Hopdoddy's fault. Some people are just blind to the situations around them.
4	Great milkshakes, had the one with nutella which was really good but maybe a bit high on calories but who cares if its good :)Burgers were also good maybe not the best ever but really good. Had the bison and was completely satisfied. Would have been nice if this place was located more central but you can't always get all that you want
2	"One, I want an American cheeseburger..."I will play the simple pros and cons game with this one. Pros: Cons: Priceala cartegrey burger (not flame grilled)odd seating uneducated (about the food) bar tenderno captain morgan at all, only some local Kingman rum (cause kingman is know for the rum)Seriously the burger was good flavor but the texture and and color were off. I really really wanted to like it. It was a good sized of gray meat. ugghIf you are like me and want a good cheeseburger go to Bobby Q's and get eh Smokehouse burger medium rare. It rocks.
2	For me, the food is only half of the experience of going out, so I'll do some simple math:  (4 star food + 0 star dining experience)/2 = 2 stars.  done and done.  I'm not sure who was sitting in a restaurant somewhere thinking, "man, it sure would be great to find a restaurant where instead of sitting comfortably in a booth while someone takes my order, I could be standing in line waiting to give my order to someone", but apparently that incident took place, and this style was born.
5	De mis lugares de hamburguesas favorito.  La malteada de pretzel con nutela excelente, la hamburguesa con blue cheese y salsa bufalo muy  buena, asi como la Terlingua.  Un lugar muy recomendado  para visitar.  El lugar  esta muy agradable.  Los precios  razonables, en general un muy buen lugar  para comer una hamburguesa.
4	I really enjoyed Hopdoddys. I an Arizona Native and over 21 so I usually avoid Scottsdale in general but I liked this.Everything tasted fresh and came out hot. I will say that the queso was a waste of money- not very good or interesting. Next time I go I will definitely try a salad. Will be back for sure!
5	Really amazing food and a fun atmosphere - good for families and going out with friends. The servers are very knowledgable and passionate which is rare. Their veggie burger was one of the best I've ever had (and I've had a lot)! Looking forward to their new veggie burger that our server told us was coming out soon.
4	We had a great experience while dining at the bar. Excellent burger, extremely cold beer and the service staff was outstanding. If the prices seem  too high for some of you, then split a burger, they are large enough!
5	5 out of 5!!! Absolutely recommend this restaurant!!  I'm not normally a burger person but this is seriously the best burger I have had.  The bean burger is fantastic, the turkey burger amazing and the mushroom burger unbelievably good. Highly highly recommend this place!! The vibe of the restaurant is as good as the burgers!! I didn't try the milkshakes but they looked yummy!!! The fries... Delicious!! Defiantly a must to try!
2	Burgers were only warm not hot for just coming off the grill, slightly undercooked red centers.  Lettuce on burgers was not good, wilted disgusting.  French Fries were 70% broken stubs looks like we got the end of a the bag average again not super warm.  Which I can't understand how food just coming out of kitchen is not HOT!Servers were nice but when we said the meal was less than average they asked why, we told them our experience, said we could had sent it back and they want us to have a great experience. That was it... No follow up from anyone else no manager, supervisor etc, you can always save a less than mediocre experience by letting someone else know they care i.e. manager.  Had TV's on for the playoff game but no sound they were playing music so probably better places to watch a big NFL game.Odd seating and ordering process you have to order first in line then get your seat, no real chance to "Study or ask questions on the menu", just plain weird to us. All in all won't be coming back for just a $9 burger anytime soon.
4	This restaurant is only a few months old. It is located in the old Lonestar Steak House on Scottsdale And Mescal.  When you enter the restaurant, you are greeted, given a menu, and told what table you will be at. You then get in line and place your order. We had the classic Cheeseburger which comes with lettuce, tomato, onion and a sassy sauce which I had on the side. It is a ketchup, horseradish sauce and honey mustard. The honey mustard flavor is over powering so I am glad i got it on the side. The regular fries are tasty, crisp and not greasy. The bun on the burger is a brioche bun. The burger was cooked just the way I ordered it. My only objection is that I had a gift card which I tried to use but there was a problem with their system and I could not use it until they check into the problem. I was later told by a worker there that hey have had a number of problems with the gift cards. Someone needs to work on that. They have a greek burger with Lamb, Feta, onions, various other burgers and salads.
3	I come here often.  Standing in line for more than 15 minutes today.  Food is good but I am really second guessing returning based on the lack of concern and good customer service.
3	Food was delicious, beer comes in a frosted 16 oz margarita glass, and the milk shake was something I will probably crave anytime I want something sweet!I didn't like that the burger came alone for $8, and then you had to buy the fries separate ($6) Seems overpriced for a burger and fries. I had the el diablo- yum! And the truffle fries- good, but my friend had the green chili fries- we ate the truffle fries with the green chili sauce- so good!!!It's a good place to meet with friends.
5	Probably my favorite real deal burger joint. Tap beer selection was a big plus for me as well, good selection of strictly local brew. From the moment the staff opened the door for us it was a great experience. They were all very friendly and helpful... Sat at the bar and both bartenders personally introduced themselves to us and took care of us through out our meal... Made sure our beer/water glasses were never dry.Food was awesome. Ordered the Diablo burger... Actually has strips of habanero on it. This is the burger I've been searching for all my life. A real deal burger with some burn... And being able to wash it down with some San tan hop knot just made it a perfect night in my eyes. ... I might also Menton that their home made margaritas are out of this world. If you enjoy a good marg Don't leave without experiencing one.My only let downs....  the bottom of the burger bun was soggy and though the truffle Fry's were amazing... Seemed like all we had in or basket was bits n pieces... Almost like bottom of the bag. 4.5 stars, rounded to 5
5	Yummm. In two weeks, I have been to Hopdoddy's three times, and I am not a huge burger fan. I like the Salty Sow, but I love this place. A wide variety of very high quality hamburgers. Yes, the quality of the meat makes a huge difference. The Primetime is sublime, and the regular hamburger is pretty darn good although it could use a little more lettuce and pickles. My third option was the Greek which was a little too rich for me, but still the flavor and quality was there.  The salads look good, but it's going to be hard to tear myself away from the prime directive.Awesome truffle fries and one of the best Margarita's outside of Austin, TX which is no surprise as these guys are from Texas. Yeehaw, baby.The ordering process when it's busy is a little laborious, but the service is excellent. I mean really great. Solicitous without too much hovering.The burgers are on the pricey side if you are a In N Out fan, but if you want a great hamburger with high grade ingredients, then give Hopdoddy's a try.
3	I was debating on what to give Hopdoddy Burger Bar rating.  3 or 4 stars?  I finally decided on a 3 star (still wish I could give half stars) based on my previous visit to the one in Austin, Tx.  I believe I gave the Austin location on Congress St. 5 stars because I had great food and a great time.  This location in Scottsdale is set up a lot differently and when I came they didn't have any other special burgers to choose from.  I really liked the Austin location where they had a system of ordering and had a chalk board of specialty burgers, along with the standard menu burgers to choose from.  Also they had a bar station while you were walking your way to the counter.  I was happy to see the Scottsdale location offering only local AZ beers as the Austin one only served local TX beers.  Well after my initial impression my wife and I shared a buffalo bill burger.  It was good, not great.  Meet was very good and bun was fresh but something about it I honestly didn't care for.  I can't base my judgment on one burger alone, so I will come back here and try another one for a more fair review.  We ordered the garlic fries and they were really good.  Price was actually not bad, but in the gourmet burger market which has seemed to really blow up in the past few years, there are other ones that I would rather go to.  Again, I will be back, the employees working were super nice and friendly, restaurant was clean, good beer selection so I will come back.  Maybe next time they will have additional burgers such as Kobe meat burger or some sort of creation.
3	Pretty much everything that could be said about the maddening/idiotic ordering system has been said. We came early on a Friday (had to wait outside behind the "velvet rope" for about 10 minutes) and I absolutely know had we gotten there later (and as the line grew) my boyfriend wouldn't have even entertained the thought to wait longer out there. And I wouldn't even try to come here with more than four people.We talked about how OF COURSE college kids in Austin are fine with waiting in line, drinking fishbowls of beer and dealing with the seating system, but what happens in Scottsdale in August at 115 degrees? Who the hell is going to be OK with waiting then?(Yes, I saw they have misters, but give me a break)That all said, the food was delicious and the price point was pretty great. Two burgers and an order of fries came out to under $21. I had their lone veggie burger, the La Bandita. The menu says it's a black bean/corn patty, but, due to it's rosy hue, it had to also contain beets (fine by me, just a note.) I subbed the goat cheese for pepperjack, and that combined with the avocado, arugula and cilantro pesto (no mayo for me) made for a dang tasty burger. Boyfriend had the El Diablo, topped with pepperjack, Carmelized Onions, Habanero and Serrano Chiles, Salsa Roja (no mayo for him either) and he loved it. We split a regular order of their regular fries (skinny, perfectly salted) and it was definitely enough to share. I can only imagine how ridiculous the fries with queso are.So yeah, we'd love to be back for the food, but it all 100% depends on the line situation. Kind of a shame, really.
5	Probably my favorite burger joint. Everything about it was perfect. Great beer, great burgers with fresh ingredients.  Everything is hand crafted all natural and local. Even the beer is local. How much better could it get. You don't drink beer, grab an all natural soda with real cane syrup that tastes great as well. These guys have it down.
5	I do not have enough good things to say about this place...we just happened to be on the yelp app while in the area, looking for something delicious to try. We found it! I had the Ahi Tuna Burger no sprouts and add avocado. It was insanely delicious, I had teriyaki sauce everywhere, I even got my hair stuck to my face with it, it was really attractive, let me tell you. I also had the Kennebec Fries with Chipotle ketchup! They were very crisp and great! Then I had the shake of the day which was Singh Farms Spiced Honey and Graham Cracker shake, I almost died from the overload of deliciousness, if I could drink that shake everyday I would! My friend had the Goodnight burger but I didn't try any.We were both very pleased that they served local beers while also sourcing products from local vendors, like the Singh Farms Honey. They also said that they make all their own bread, so that's pretty cool! I definitely recommend trying them!
4	Amazing burgers and fantastic milkshakes! I highly recommend the Nutella and Pretzel milk shake. Only reason for the 4 stars and not five is the confusing ordering process.
1	Let me start by saying I love a good burger and don't mind paying a little extra to have a quality meal but on my first impression of this place I say Pass.We ordered a Greek burger and the Buffalo burger, regular fries and parm fries plus two drinks.....punch line it was $36. The first two burgers that came out we're undercooked (we ordered our own temperature ) and had asked for no sauce on one but upon investigation I found assume under the one piece of lettuce which is not cool since I'm allergic. To the mustard in it.  Our server was very sweet and apologized and said she would make us two new ones. We  snacked on the fries while we waited 10 minutes for the new burgers. Side note, no visit from any manager yet to address this issue. While we waited a tray of dishes was dropped right by our table , coincidence ??Second round of food came, no feta on the Greek and my side of fries from my plate had mysteriously disappeared from my plate.  Waiters came by to check on us and had to send her for fries and yes you guessed it still no manager got involved .I love trying new places but this place is a one and done!!!!!I could have gone to Denny's, left full and had an extra $20 in my wallet
4	I wanted to try this place when I was in Austin, but did not get the chance. My husband and I visited this restaurant at 2 pm on a Saturday, so it was busy but not packed. We each ordered a burger and a beer and shared an order of queso fries. For those who like queso fries the way they are made in Austin, I would not recommend this dish. The cheese sauce is served on the side of the fries. It was very good - just not exactly what I expected. The burgers were delicious - definitely the best in the area. I love the draft beer selection, as this is one of the only places in Arizona that serves a large variety of Arizona-brewed beers. Great place to try  a new bev and I will definitely be coming back. I'll admit, the ordering system is a bit confusing for Arizonans (you place your entire order and pay at the counter, then they bring out your food), but they do have servers for each table if you forget to order something or need another beverage. They offer self-service all-natural sodas (yay, sugar cane), so you definitely will never need to wait for a soft drink refill.In all, two filling burgers, two local drafts and a large order of queso fries ran about $37. I've paid way more for food and drink of a lesser quality.
3	The burgers are spot on. Unique flavors and delicious. The atmosphere is really fun and the concept of ordering and having a table chosen for you is nice. It takes the pain of having to find a seat away. However, I was really not impressed with wait staff. They say that someone will come around to get refills, take more orders, and get anything you need. That would be great if someone ever came around. One thing that didn't meet my expectations was the chili cheese fries. They are definitely not what you would think. There's very little "sauce" and it really doesn't seem like it contains any chili. It's just portrayed all wrong.
5	I love hopdoddy,went here a bunch when it first opened and tried almost all the burgers.Definitely don't have any qualms about any burgers.Be smart if you are unsure about something just ask for it on the side so you can control the amount you have. Definitely do this for the wasabi honey sauce on the ahi burger.I highly recommend this place. The truffles fries aren't that amazing to get, try one of the others instead.
5	So I've been here about a half dozen times now since it opened. It's still delicious and amazing. It draws a crowd on weekends around dinner, but the hostesses do a great job of moving the line, getting drink orders for people in line, and even sometimes handing out free fry or milkshake samples. Only complaint is that occasionally, after the initial food delivery from my server, they went MIA, even though we stuck around and chatted for an hour or so, making refills and additional orders (shakes) difficult. Granted they were fairly busy, but still a bit of a bummer.
4	We arrived to a line that was starting to wrap around the side of the building, however, it only took about 20 minutes from the line outside to the cash register inside. This was our first time here, and we debated whether the line was a hype thing, or a good food worth-the-wait thing. I ordered "The Goodnight" - Angus Beef, Tillamook Cheddar, Hickory BBQ Sauce, Caramelized Onions, Sliced Jalapenos, & Sassy Sauce (I decided to opt out on the jalapenos and sassy sauces)He had the "Terlingua" - Angus Beef, Chile Con Carne, Corn Fritos, Tillamook Cheddar, Sassy SauceWe shared the Parmesan Truffle Fries (holy cow - order these)Gonna have to say that the line we encountered was most definitely a good food worth-the-wait thing!  The bun was amazing, the burger was cooked to a perfect medium, and everything was as ordered. Overall: AWe will be back - I want to give the shakes a go-round before ginving this a full on 5 star rating! Update to come!
4	Great classic burger and the fries are Amazing! My only suggestion would be narrow down the servers to 1! Too many people stopping by the table asking incessantly if they could get us something. I was constantly telling people we'd already been taken care of. If you're wanting privacy at dinner this is not your place.
5	Oh my goodness this is like Christmas in your mouth. I'm very impressed with this place. Quick service. Amazing Kennebeck home made fries, truffle fries, buns, and burgers. Everything is organically made and made fresh. It's like a chipotle for burger places. Hormone free, antibiotic free, etc....
4	I may have found burger nirvana in this place. I had heard about it several times including at the Yelp Elite Salty Sow event and then randomly from a buddy who was there and knowing I am a foodie said it would be right up my alley. So I planned to go with one of my riding buddies and lo and behold as I was waiting for him 2 of my other friends showed up (we didn't know the other would be there). Obviously word is going around about this place.I have to say I was worried that my expectations were too high going in having heard of the wonder that was the parmesan truffle fries or the high quality meat in the burgers. Turn out I didn't have any reason to be worried at all.This place hits the nail on the head for burgers. I had the primetime which was cooked perfectly and had such a great combo of flavors. It is easily in my top 5 burgers of all time and that is good company. I was really impressed at just how well all the flavors went together. I am glad I picked that burger as it is clearly a well crafted work of art. I did have a hard time picking as all the other burgers sounded great too. My friends had the El Diablo and Goodnight burgers and i can honestly say I don't think I have seen burgers get devoured that fast before. Needless to say we were all impressed.The fries didn't disappoint and the truffle sauce with them is amazing. We also indulged in some shakes. i have the Chocolate Stout Shake and it was great, the stout flavor was subtle but fantastic.The food is a sure fire winner here....the ordering process not so much. The process for ordering isn't bad but it's awkward. What normally happens is you go through a line to order and get assigned at table where food is then brought to you. However since one buddy and I were ordering after the others we were told we could order right from the server at the table. The same was true of ordering additional food like the shakes. It was nice and our server was great it just was a bit odd. Not sure if this changes during big rushes though as we were there when it was late and emptying out.In summary this place has awesome food go try it.
4	THE BEST BURGERS AND FRIES EVER! Everthing I have tried from here is amazing. The 4 stars would be a 5 if I didn't have to stand in line (outside) to wait for a table, then stand in line to order cafeteria style at the bar AND again for food, then have a server get me a soda refill and leave me feeling like I am supposed to leave a tip. If this place offered a comfertable place to sit while waiting and table service it would be a 5 star for sure.
5	I'll start off by going out on a limb and saying that this place has the best burger I have ever had ! EVERYONE MUST TRY THIS PLACE! Honestly it's delicious, and the place is so great because they have all types of burgers, ranging from the most simple to the most elaborate. I'm a classic burger kind of gal, so if you're classy too and go with the classic burger you won't be disappointed. Be mindful of the sassy sauce because it is definitely a hit or miss depending on your taste buds, it can't hurt to get it on the side! In addition, they have PICKLES!! Not one type of pickle either.. we got two types to choose from ladies and gents and they are tasty. If you take walks on the wild side, any of the other burgers you go with are made to perfection, it really just comes down to how mature your pallet is because they have some crazy options here that won't let you down. Lets talk about the meat. The fact that the cows are humanely raised, antibiotic free AND the meat is ground fresh, in house, every day. It's really good for you and they don't make it crazy expensive because of it. Lets be honest, all pretentious jokes aside, the meat really does taste better and you will never get one of those gross gritty bites that meat has sometimes. THE FRENCH FRIES!!! both types are killer, you must try both at some point when you are extra hungry.THE BEER!! so many options, and you get it in this glass gauntlet that makes you feel like you're in Beowulf, in the mead hall celebrating a victory. THE FOUNTAIN DRINKS! they are all so different and diverse, if you stand there for a few minutes and try them all they don't get mad at you- BONUSGLUTEN FREE BUN! it's amazing and it tastes like a biscuit. It is also messy as ever but your eating a burger anyways.For the people that don't like this place because its not traditional, don't be so boring!! The atmosphere is really cool, and they set it up differently then anywhere else I've been to. Go in, let them show you the ropes, and when you order something extra at the table and they bring you a separate check for the extra items ordered, don't be mad!! Did you think it would be free? Blasphemy! Long line on a Friday night? YOU MUST WAIT IN IT! Totally worth it. Last but not least, the staff is friendly and you can tell they all love working at such an awesome place!
4	Very tasty hamburger the total bill is a little pricey when you're just drinking sodas so expect about $40 for two people with tip
5	Excellent fries. Everything tasted fresh and homemade as advertised. Large portion- I could have eaten only half of my burger, but it tasted so good I couldn't stop. The gluten-free bun was one of the better gluten free breads that I have had! Cool concept and space.
5	Came here on Superbowl Sunday for cocktails before heading to a Superbowl party and had a blast! Service is awesome. The girl behind the bar was happy, upbeat, and nice. We did not eat here (since we had to save our appetites for the party) but looking around at all the food made our mouths salivate. We can't wait to come back and indulge on a couple burgers! The cocktails here were awesome. We are very excited to become regular customers of this place!
5	My second time back and I want more of it...!!!!   Great burgers. ...live the fries and the whole pkg....great concept. ..look totally cool ... great drink specials...very Groove. ... !!! It's a big WIN ...!!! THEY SUPPORT LOCAL FARMERS..!!!! :))))))
1	I am not sure what all of the hype is about this restaurant, but my experience was not so pleasant. I hate to post negative reviews, and I only do when a restaurant can be spectacular and miss the mark by miles. I came in for lunch with my brother and sat at the bar. I was pretty specific about the order and it seemed the kitchen did not understand the assignment. I ordered the Greek burger, on wheat, hold the arugula and add romaine lettuce. Meal comes out on the egg bun, no lettuce. It was taken back to have romain added, and replace the bun, and instead of romain (which I know they have because they serve Caesar salads) it comes out with red limp lettuce. Upon taking a bite of the burger, I see that the inside is completely underdone. Obviously at this point, I'm over it. The restaurant had more staff than patrons, so I'm unsure how details are overlooked. The bartender was nice, however she did not write anything down and lacked the ability to remember and had to ask three times what the specifics were. My brother also had a burger, the traditional one with only ketchup and mustard. Apparently it was too much of a chore to put it on the burger and it came out plain. I wanted a burger so bad this day and normally I go to Habit Burger, and their burgers are perfect, always consistent, perfect service, hot meat and cheese, super cold veggies and no matter what I change, they always get it right. It is probably half the cost also. I chose to try something new and my level of disappointment could not be greater. The build out was nice, but the food was unable to match the decor. I am sure the concept is good. I heard who the owning partners are, and they always have great restaurants, so I am a bit shocked I was so disappointed. Typically in the establishments I dine in, when there is a disappointed customer, some form of management comes out to ask about the experience, get details so they can address the kitchen appropriately. Not one person came out to inquire. Word of advice, management should always come out and find out what happen so this can be rectified. Second, if you are going to call yourself a Burger Bar, and offer all of the options shown on the menu, the kitchen should be able to understand and prepare the order, as if they ordered it, and a temperature should always be requested.
3	Pros: The blonde male bartender may be the nicest guy in the place, all aroundBurgers and fries came out in a timely mannerBurgers were well cooked and yummyAbove bartender was great to assist us when we had no serverGreat atmosphere Cons:Really poor service from "servers" regarding clearing our plates, we really had no server at allHaving to physically wave down someone for refillsSlow afternoon, so a million servers and no service. Overall, I like this place, the bartenders saved us and were great in taking care of us, let me taste different beers and had great suggestions for a blonde beer. I think it would be a fun place to hang out on a Friday night for drinks and some food. I'll go again as my grandparents said their previous experience was great.
1	I was so disappointed in my dining experience.  The service was terrible, they mixed up my friend and my orders and when we requested for them to fix it we received attitude in return.  This place is also over priced for the quality of the food.  I ordered the black bean burger which was ruined by the excess amount of goat cheese and awkward sauce.  Next time I have a craving for a burger I will definitely go back to smashburger instead.
4	Burgers be ballin' at this trendy burger joint. Served on the metal trays reminiscent of ones that can be found inside toaster ovens in lieu of plates, these burgers aren't messing around. There are no garnishes or fancy flowers to distract from the main attraction.  The burger beckons at you to eat it. Being Valentine's Day, my hubs and I didn't know what to expect. We were relieved to find plenty of parking, but were disenchanted to find such a long line inside. Ah ha! One of those "walk up to the counter and order" places. In order to allow for adequate timing of seating, and preventing those annoying seat savers from monopolizing the grounds, your table is assigned conveniently while you're in line. While looking at the menu you're handed while getting in line, you can also order drinks from the bar since it's on the right side. I didn't hesitate to try my Skinny Dip cocktail. Having a mini coronita upsidedown in a large margarita glass filled with frozen alcohol just seemed appropriate when the temps were starting to rise outside. The Prime time burger was delicious. I couldn't really tell the difference though between the Akaushi beef versus other types of beef. You can't really go wrong with Truffle Aioli, steak sauce, and Brie cheese. The caramelized onions ever so sweetly caressed the beef and Brie. It seemed like a match made in Heaven. The Diablo seriously packed some punch with some bites that were super spicy. My hubby said that it was one of the spiciest burgers that he's ever had and he the type to enter spicy food eating competitions and win them. He did go on to say that although it was super spicy, he loved it because he felt that it was "just right." He always complains that other places claim that a menu item is spicy and doesn't pull through. From his words, you can count on this one to taunt your taste for burn and flavor simultaneously. We shared the truffle fries, but although very flavorful, they weren't quite "truffly" as one would expect. I guess that was good though, because the side didn't over power the burgers we had. I also plan to order the red velvet shake next time because that just sounds awesome doesn't it? My vote is that they add alcoholic shakes to their menu too because that would be phenomenal!
4	Excellent buyers!  Service was very good.  The fries reminded me of mom's.  Size of burger was perfect.
5	I fell in love today and that lover's name is Hopdoddy. From the get-go, one will notice their unique concept of ordering your food in line, and then seating yourself. Self-service ice water w cone-shaped cups are effectively placed for folks waiting in line. Samples of frozen margarita are generously offered to patrons. One server looked at my leg brace and crutches and told me to take a seat and my food/drink will be ordered sitting!! That is creating a great customer experience in my book!!The ambience is hep-cat and cool w tunes from B Marley, Fleetwood Mac, etc washing over you.Staff has genuine smiles and fab attitudes. They seem to "want" to be there working.Had a medium burger w cheese - so scrumptious! Truffle/parm fries were well-seasoned and served cone-style. Margarita was perfect blend!
3	Not anything special. $30 for two burgers, 2 sodas, large fries. Burgers are ok, I liked the fries. I still prefer in and out over this place. I find it awkward to stand in line to place my order when they have servers. Why not sit down and take my order? People were not sure who was in line or who was waitin for a drink at the bar. It was cool to try but I probably won't go back.
5	A++ Burger Joint!Dropped by and the place was hoppin, pun intended. Several hosts at the door quickly recognized it was our first time by the somewhat confused look on our faces. They handed us menus, pointed out the large counter bar, and escorted us past it towards the back where you order your meal. You're given a table number and are challenged to find it. Don't worry, it's not too tough.I ordered the Goodnight Burger and well, good night and get out, it was pretty darn amazing. I'll spell it out for you:Angus Beef, Tillamook Cheddar, Hickory BBQ Sauce, Caramelized Onions Sliced Jalapenos & Sassy SauceThe beef is unbelievably tasty with a great texture and cooked to a recommended medium/medium wellness. Don't be afraid of the jalapenos if you're heat-averse, they really add more taste than spice. I thought the fries were ok, but the burger is where it's at. Aside from the beef, you'll find a large selection of craft beer and real sugar sodas. The staff is super friendly and made the whole experience a good one. My only complaint is that there isn't a location closer to Tempe/Chandler, otherwise you'd have to pull me away.
5	What a rad joint! Love the look and appeal of everything at this place from the design elements all the way down to the chipotle katchup mmmm hmmm delicious. I got the buffalo bill burger with fries and an icy cold schooner of beer. Everything that came out with our order looked amazing and delicious   Staff was rad and everything about this place was unique and different.
5	In my continual quest for a great hamburger, I discovered this place via Yelp. I have visited 16 out of 20 of GQ's top Hamburgers and I have to say that this place is better than several of them. I would definitely put it on my list of top 20 hamburgers in America. I sat at the bar and I would recommend that if there are seats at the bar, grab them. It is better than standing in line.
5	Ever order at the counter at Wild Flower or Pei Wei, only to find there is no where to sit down? This hip new burger bar takes counter service to the next level. Staff, wearing T-shirts with slogans like "because your mine, I walk the line" greet you in line, and hand you a ticket with your reserved table number. Want a specific table? No worries, they will save it for you. The special of the day was a "Boris" which piled tender pastrami and juicy sour krout on top of a tasty chicken burger. It came on a super soft freshly baked bun with lettuce, tomato and onion for $9. Fries were $3 more but they were thin, crispy and had bits of parsley mixed in. Very tasty. The drink options include choices like Blueberry Root  giving their self service fountain a fun twist but there is a single Diet Coke option hidden among the more adventurous flavors. (I found this out when in a panic I asked a passing bus girl "what if I just want a Diet Coke?!" and she replied "then you push the Diet Coke button")The milk shake flavors go way beyond strawberry, chocolate and vanilla with options like Red Velvet and Sea Salt Caramel. I actually tasted chunks of sea salt in mine! There is no $5 value menu here. The total for a burger, fries, soda and shake came to just over $20, for one person, but it was enough to share which I did. What? did you really think I ate all that by myself? Don't answer that.PS I saw an interesting drink go by on a tray, which looked like a frozen margarita with a full upside down Corona bottle sticking out of it. Turns out it was exactly what it looked like. It is called a Skinny Dip. Apparently the beer empties into your glass as you drink your margarita. Hmmm might have to "share" that one next time....
4	The system for ordering- you line up and go through cafeteria-style- is kinda weird, BUT you can circumvent that by sitting at the bar. We tried the classic burger and the "Llano Poblano" with the regular fries. The burgers are juicy and cooked right with good beef flavor. I was glad to see they are not asking $10+ for all of their burgers, just one of them.The fries are pretty good and there's enough for two unless you're in a gluttonous mood.The highlight of the meal was their $5 milkshake- the caramel sea salt. I'm asked weekly to go back for one.
2	What kind of restaurant makes u wait in line OUTSIDE like a night club??!! Good thing it's not 110 outside. But the door guy swears people will!  This girl will not in the summer, no matter how good the food is
5	The best turkey burger and chocolate shake I have ever had! Great food and decent prices.
5	Legit contender to the burger wars. As far as I know, at this time, this location is the only one outside of Texas. And it is very good. Order in a line, get assigned a table, go grab your drink and sit at said table. They will find you and bring you your food. awesomely simple and efficient. My Mushroom Burger was very good, incredibly juicy. Wife had a Kale salad with a well seasoned and absolutely delicious turkey burger patty. I was surprised how tasty the turkey was and this hard core beefivor would actually consider one next time. Parmesan truffle fries were an incredible addition as was the vanilla bean and cinnamon shake. Just wow. The shakes alone might be worth the trip.Great casual/hip environment, lots of craft beer choices, full adult bar libations, organic items as much as they can be found locally.... This place is a hit. Definitely now in our monthly rotation. #loveit
4	The ordering/table system is a little odd and confusing but the staff is friendly and helpful. When you first arrive you are greeted and handed a menu and then you stand in line to order. Next, while in the line, you are given a piece of paper with a table number and a table is reserved for you. Finally you order. The cashier seemed a bit annoyed with our questions but wasn't too off putting. I ordered the "goodnight" which had jalapenos, grilled onions, BBQ sauce, cheddar cheese, lettuce and tomato.  The burger was cooked perfectly to my liking and wasn't the slightest bit dry (which is rare since I like my burgers cooked well done). The only complaint I had about the burger is the BBQ sauce is basically ketchup and I did not like it at all, so that kinda ruined the burger for me.My boyfriend ordered the "Llano Poblano" which had poblanos, pepperjack cheese, bacon and he added avocado. As usual his was the better order. His was cooked nicely, as well.We ordered the green chile con queso fries and those were amazing! The queso is served on the side for dipping and has the perfect  chile to cheese flavor! He ordered a beer and liked it while I ordered a fountain drink and was surprised (pleasantly) that they didn't have the typical brand drinks. I got a prickly pear flavored drink and it was good, I think I liked the color so therefore it made the drink better (it's hot pink).Overall the food was good and the service was friendly. We will be back next time we're in Scottsdale and have a burger craving!
4	Great burgers, fries, shakes.  Tuna burger is outstanding, though it's helpful to know beforehand that it's seared on the outside and raw throughout. Why in the world can't they take take-out orders over the phone.  Silliness.
4	Walked in really unsure that I wanted to try their food. Seemed to much like a Scottsdale bar to be a good burger joint. Have to say that after a couple minutes I was surprised that I was wrong. Staff was friendly and helpful. The burger options were pleasant and the food was fantastic. A little pricey to be a place to go to often but I will be back.
4	Oh. My. Gosh. You have got to try this joint!!! The mushroom burger with goat cheese and pesto is amazing. So are the fries!!! Gotta get the Oreo shake too. The decor is hip and they use all local products. If you want a good burger, eat here!!!
4	Best milkshakes. Oreo and salted caramel are my favorite, but I've tried them all, and all are delicious!Ambience is great. Casual and hip. Burgers are great. They're are many options for everyone, including vegetarian and non read meat options that sound fantastic. Servers are friendly and readily available when needed.
4	Nice array of upscale burgers & funky milkshakes, with a full bar loaded with local craft beers? Umm... yes, please. My daughter's favorite new joint. Went there last night with the extended family and a friend. My Goodnight burger was just as I ordered it, juicy & delicious, the bbq sauce and sauteed onions were a great blend. Helpful hint -- add bacon. Always. To everything. Fries were crisp, salty and lightly herbed. Family enjoyed their Lamb burger, Ahi Tuna "burger", Llano Poblano and entree salad (?). Four Peaks Hop Knot on draft or San Tan Hop Shock; both great. Solid service, lively atmosphere. A great all-around time.
4	I went there when I was in arizana I got the buffalo hamburger It was amazing. The service was great. There soda could be change to coke, sprite. It was very welcoming.
4	The La Bandida is a must have; the color is a little off but don't let that fool you! My boyfriend got the Chili Burger with Fritos and gave it a gold star as well. We were able to share the regular size fries between two people no problem. The beers were a bit pricey and came in a margarita type glass which definitely affected the taste of my watermelon ale. I'd recommend to a burger lover!
4	Getting burgers and beers can get a bit pricey for this gourmet burger joint, but the food is downright delicious. They have a surprisingly impressive selection of local craft beers including Phoenix Ale and Fourpeaks. Also they serve them in ridiculous-sized margarita glass-like glasses. I got the Terlingua Burger that was amazing! Angus beef with chili & fritos! So personally I find this place perfect for a slightly elevated weekend lunch date lol.
4	I went to Hopdoddy yesterday with a few friends. I was excited to try this place since it is associated with the Salty Sow, which is fairly delish. Also, I had a coupon, so I was excited about that as well. I got to the restaurant later than my friends, so they told me to just sit at the table and they would come take my order instead of having me order at the counter. All of the employees were friendly and accommodating. I ordered a goodnight burger, sassy sauce on the side (sassy sauce is like a mayo, horseradish, and mustard concoction) with a fried egg on top and a pretzel nutella shake.... so pretty healthy. The shake was awesome. I don't typically like or order shakes, but this one was a good mix of salty and sweet. I only drank half and brought the other half home for later enjoyment. The burger was good, but super messy. It had a mess of onions, bbq sauce, cheese, and egg on it.... things were falling out all over the place. This place could use more sturdy buns for their more messy burgers. Anyway, the flavor was good and overall I enjoyed it. Also, the price was right at only 7$ for the burger and 1$ for the egg (wow, way less than expected), 5.50 for the shake (but worth every penny....). I would come back if I were in the neighborhood.
3	The atmosphere is very up beat and modernThe fries are amazing. I had the llano pablano burger it had good flavor but too many competing ingredients. I even took off the bacon and it still was too much. The descriptions of the burgers all sound good but very rich and heavy. It seems like they are adding way too many flavors together The staff are super friendly and helpful. I like the ecofriendly attitude and of course the full bar with lots of local beers. I would come again but order the basic burger and add on my own choices !
5	My new favorite burger place!! The pablano burger is awesome, and the truffle fries are amazing as well. The green chili queso is fantastic too. The employees are super friendly and helpful. Very cool atmosphere. I would recommend to anybody.
5	Bison burger was awesome! Cooked exactly as I had asked. Must try is the green chile queso with fries!  They have a wide variety of burgers to choose from including Tuna and lamb. Definately the burger spot in Scottsdale
2	One word: overpriced. Another three: Glorified fast-food. So you order like a fast-food/take out joint, then take a seat and they bring you your food and make a token "everything ok" stop. The milkshakes were to-die for (literally, probably shortening your life span by a few weeks due to the sheer fat & calorie count).  The burgers were pretty good, the "not-to-be-missed" truffle fries were over-exaggerated IMHO. Loud music, uncomfortable seats. Won't be in a hurry to go back.
3	In-N-Out is better.
4	I have been wanting to try Hopdoddy for a while now, but never seemed to have the time. When I finally did, and after some good words by a fellow Yelper, I found myself driving there pronto. I arrived with my husband in tow around 7:30pm on a Tuesday evening. I had heard how a line will form outside, but we were lucky and there wasn't a line or a long wait. An employee (hostess?) opened the door for us and we asked about making a to-go order. She told us to sit at the bar, as that would be faster than waiting in line. Luckily, there was open space at the bar and we sidled up to look at the menu. The bartender was extremely nice, helpful, and friendly. He was very accommodating when we told him we had a to-go order. We ordered The Classic and the Llano Poblano with a side of parmesan fries. The shake of the day was Tiramisu and sounded yummy, so we ordered one of those as well. Our shake was ready before our food, so we tucked in with two large straws. Mmm, it was really thick and creamy. I really enjoyed the espresso flavor but the crumbled up lady fingers were a little on the crunchy side. By the time we finished our shake, our food was ready and we were on our way.We took the burgers home and dug in. The hamburger was extremely tender and perfectly cooked at medium. I really enjoyed how flavorful it was and can't wait to go back and try the mushroom burger. The parmesan fries, which the bartender raved about, where meh. The fries themselves were good, but the addition of parmesan and the side of special parmesan sauce wasn't worth $6.50. (The regular fries were $2.75! Definitely a better deal.) The burgers were relatively inexpensive as well, around $7-9 (depending on extras/add-ons). Overall, I am very impressed and think I have found a new favorite burger place. I have been craving Hopdoddy all week and can't wait to go back!
4	Tried take out again. Still great food, but their system simply can't handle take out well.  Saw a few tables who ordered after me, get food before me.  I didn't have a complex order either.  Stick to eating in, and it'll be great.
4	Solid burgers and fries! Love that they give you the options to mix and match the type of protein with the different topping options. The only downside is the price. They are pretty expensive for a burger, but definitely worth a try!
4	Good burgers, locally grown foods, great service and strong drinks. Isn't that all you really need to know when it comes to a burger bar? You want the facts.  Plain and simple.  My recommendation is that you let yourself branch out here and go wild with a burger you think you wouldn't normally order. Ask for the sauce you think you wouldn't like to be put on the side so you can give it a go but not have to worry about it being all over your burger if you don't end up liking it. They have a lot of options here and you'll need to go back a few times to really get a feel for what will become your "usual" but that's the fun part about a burger bar, right!?The fries are a perfect option for sharing between two or three people - I wouldn't try to share with more, you may end up ending relationships over an order of fries and who wants that.So, if you love this place so much, why four stars instead of five you ask? Well. I have to agree with the other reviewer that said that the logistics of navigating this place can be a touch confusing on your first go. If it's really busy you'll wait outside, to get a chance to wait inside.  Then you'll get someone that'll walk up to you and hand you a number to give to the cashier when you finally get up there. You'll order and they'll tell you to find that randomly assigned table number somewhere in the restaurant...so now you get to wonder around a bit to find your table.  Once all that is over though, you'll have good eats and now you'll know how things work next go round and be ready for the shenanigans.
4	Yes. Yes. Yes.Burgers.  Beer.  Hormone and antibiotic free prime angus beef ground fresh daily, fresh-cut Kennebec fries, buns baked from scratch, local greens (when available) and 20 plus different breweries on tap.  It's a dream for burger inamoratos.The burger choices are as varied as the beers on tap, such as the "Greek" with lamb, feta, cucumber, tzatziki and the "Buffalo Bill" with bison, bleu cheese, and Frank's hot sauce - but for a purist like myself I enjoyed the "Classic".  And what a flavorful, incredibly juicy burger this was.  The patty alone stood beautifully and proudly on its own, the secret Sassy Sauce gave it an extra kick of flavor alongside the fresh lettuce tomato and onion - but this meat being so full of flavor I could have enjoyed it by itself.The deluge of deliciousness doesn't end there, though.  The parmesan truffle fries are outstanding, the truffle aoli alone should receive an award, there are lovely salads such as Baby Kale and Spinach Arugula, and you have to complete your meal with a hand-spun shake of either Stout Chocolate or Caramel Sea Salt.This place just gets it right on all fronts, where food is concerned.  I have never been a fan of walk up counter service, but the food is delivered to the tables and servers are visiting all of the tables to check on guests, offer refills, bring additional items, and make sure that all customers are happy.  The process appears pretty smooth and streamlined, despite the issue caused by long lines of people waiting to order when there are not enough staff members present to take orders.When I think of excellent burger spots, this is the first pace that comes to mind. Just for the gorgeous taste and juicy flavor of the meat.
4	I love the atmosphere here.  Although I would say it is easiest to just hope into a set at the bar and get full service then going through the line.  Their Sea Salt Caramel milkshake is yummy.  I finished it before I even got my burger.  I got a veggie burger with a gluten free bun.  I felt like giving it a shot even though I love me some beef.  It was delicious although the gluten free bun was a little flimsy.My husband got their mushroom swiss burger and fries which he polished off with no problem.  He would go back anytime and that is saying a lot.  He has high burger standards.  I would recommend it.
5	Local beers, good price, friendly staff, and awesome atmosphere. My new favorite burger joint in Arizona. The truffle fries are a must try and the El Diablo burger with a fried egg was just the right amount of spicy for me, a little to spicy for my buddy but it was too good and he ate it all anyway. Will return again and again.
4	Great food and drinks but whoever came up with the ordering  system needs to be publicly flogged. I've been there 4 times and had an issue every time. Stand in line, someone's sitting at your table, who do you tip. Was the server, customer set up not working? When you reinvent the wheel it better be better than what you replaced. In spite of this I keep going back because everything else is great.
5	Went there tonight and had a buffalo burger. It was fantastic, extremely juicy and flavorful. I'd also recommend the truffle fries, they were great as well.
5	(Lyrics - Foreigner - Hot Blooded)It's at, Hopdoddy, check in and seeI got my burger at a medium and rareCome on Yelpers, do you do more than star?It's at Hopdoddy, at HopdoddyYou should read my reviews, to know what I have in mindCraft Brews you oughta knowNow you taste so fine, let me order it on the lineI wanna go where the milkshakes and the liquors flowHopdoddy Burger Bar is also part of the Salty Sow own restaurant cause that's how I got my guitar pick coupon and knew about this place!  They make their own patty and buns here! Dang.......! I came with a friend and like most diners, you order in line and get a table number.  My friend order the Tuna Ahi Burger while I went with the Primetime, even though my heart was shooting for the Buffalo Bill - I love Bison!  Needless to say my Akaushi Beef burger was an experiment and it was okay for my palate.  I didn't really care for caramelized onions cause it really overpowered my truffle and brie cheese.  I had a hint of arugula and steak sauce.  I was really jealous of my friends Ahi Burger!  One of the best I've tasted with sweet honey wasabi and crunchy sprouts and nori chips....yummy!  Overall, food was awesome-good and the ambiance was perfect for a place to hangout for drinks.  They have many hand crafted specialty drinks plus only locally craft brew beers.  The service is on top of their game here.  Really well informed about their products and treated us with royalty.  That's an A+ in my books! - Enjoy!
4	This is a great burger spot!They have a small dog-friendly patio, plus tons of seating inside.The burgers were really good.  Mine was a little soggy, but delicious.The fries are terrific.  When we went, the line was pretty long.  I would have rather sat down and waited for a server.It was $28 for 2 burgers and 1 side ... that seems like a lot, but these aren't your average burgers, so they might just be worth it.Enjoy!
5	Buffalo bill was the best burger I've had. The bison was cooked perfectly, with a thin line of red, keeping it juicy throughout. The bacon, cheese, and bed of greens (romaine lettuce, maybe some arugula?) just rounded it out to make an awesome burger.
4	These may be the best Burgers in Scottsdale. Great location, great atmosphere and the food is amazing.  Ordering is a little strange, but other than that a cool place to grab a bite. You order at the cash register and they pick your table for you when you walk in. The food and drink are then delivered to your table. Anything else you want to add to the tab can be ordered at the table also. I'm assuming they do this to speed up the ticket time. (I would rather they NOT, but I guess you shouldn't complain about food coming out Fast.) Bar area seems to be a great place to be, and the booths and table give you a great vantage point. No desserts here except for milk shakes so be ready for that. I had the Goodnight Burger, medium. Perfectly cooked, seasoned great and the bun was everything you need in a great Burger. (the sassy sauce is to die for also)I would give this place 5 stars if the ordering was done like a regular spot, but 4 stars is for sure solid.
4	Good burgers, atmosphere and awesome wait staff.
5	I don't usually review places immediately after I visit them but I had to with Hopdoddy. Everything about the place was great. I have been looking for a new, really good, burger joint for a while and this is definitely on the top of my list. Their menu is simple yet still has plenty of delicious choices. I ordered the "Goodnight" burger with a side of fries, and it was so delicious I immediately wanted another one. The burger was cooked perfectly, every topping and condiment was just the right amount to add to the flavor, but not overpower it, and the bun that held it all together was just as delicious. Every burger is customizable with many options to fine tune its taste to your unique taste buds. Even their fries are delicious, made with kennebec potatoes, which gives them a very unique flavor. Even though I heard these type of fries are referred to as "hipster fries", I still find them delicious. ;-)The overall atmosphere is very modern and laid back, it is definitely a place to visit for lunch, dinner, and even happy hour. They had a great selection of craft beers and yummy looking cocktails. They also make their own soda and their shakes that look amazingly delicious.I am very happy I came across this place and look forward to many more future check-ins.
1	This restaurant has very bad handicapped access so anyone who has trouble walkiing or is in a wheelchair will have a tough time getting to the entrance. Burgers are so greasy the lettuce looks like it came from a swamp.
3	A solid burger offering to be sure but at this stage in the game it is given 'also ran' status as it fails to distinguish itself from the ever growing $7+ gourmet burger field.  I share the sentiment about the order/set up system.  Also feels more FoxRC and less Austin which is kind of disappointing considering that Scottsdale would be well served by giving up some of its rhino-plasticized pretense in favor of a willingness to 'keep it weird' or authentic.
4	I am always looking for good burger places, and it makes me happy when I find a decent one just a few miles down the road.  My new work-from-home schedule has recently allowed me to try more of the spots in my neighborhood, and I have already visited this one twice.Possibly the most awesome thing about Hopdoddy is they're all about quality, and that is reflected in something as simple as their fountain drinks.  Coke or Pepsi?  Nope.  They have Maine Root, the purveyors of one of the finest ginger beers around.  Inexplicably, they have pretty much every Maine Root soda besides the ginger brew, but they have other fine offerings besides.I don't remember which burger I had my first visit, but it was fantastic, and cooked a perfect medium rare.  Next visit, I had the Greek, because I love lamb burgers, but this one tasted too much like a salad for my taste.  Still decent, but not a top-notch lamb burger.The truffle fries, as well as the regular kennebec fries, are pretty good.I'm not about to declare this place the best burger joint in the city, but it's definitely worth an occasional visit if you're in the area.
5	They consistently deliver the best burger in a market dominated by burger joints. Try the Prime Time for one that has enough great flavor without overpowering the underlying patty. We waited 50 minutes the other night, but good things one to those who wait.
5	This place is awesome! Great burgers and great beer! The burgers are unique and delicious! I love the fact that they use local farms and local brewery's! I would highly recommend this place. I cant wait to go back!
4	Good burger?Oh HELLS YES!Had dinner there Sunday night after picking a friend up at the airport. I arrived late, so missed all of the ordering hub-bub (but it does look super confusing to me - I don't understand how they 'assign' you a table while you're at the counter placing your order. How do you know where to go?). Moving past that part.... my burger was waiting for me when I got there. If was PERFECT. Cooked perfectly, super tasty and left me wanting more! (Not because I was hungry but because it was so good, um HELLO super yummy yellow sauce) The fries were tasty, too. Didn't have the space in my calorie count that day for a shake, but we'll be back. Definitely will be back.Gave them 4 stars because their ordering/sitting process seems stupidly more complicated than it should. The concept doesn't make sense at all, and then seeing where the counter is located (passed the bar and into the back of the restaurant) it makes even less sense. The staff were all VERY nice, or at least the ones that I saw at the table.
4	I'm a fan. Good burgers, fries and a nice selection of unique natural "Maine" sodas. The root beer is amazing. I have eaten the Llano Poblano and the Goodnight burger (minus the bbq sauce) and both were outstanding. They grind their own meat, bake their own buns, and support local and small farmers. The first visit my burger was a little under done for my taste so I order well-done now. I think if you don't specify it will be a little red/bloody just fyi. They do have some daily specials and some happy hour (2-6pm or so) specials. Not sure if they have a kids menu but they do make some yummy looking shakes! Try it out, I think you will like it.
2	The burgers are great, shakes are delicious... The truffle fries are Tid bits that required a fork, looked like they drained the fryer and gave us what was at the bottom. The service was HORRIBLE and servers need a lesson in Hospitality 101. Good luck in North Scottsdale Hopdoddy
5	Dude!!! Beer while you wait in line to order! Cain sugar sodas! A great staff! And a very good menu! Definitely coming back.
5	This place is on point! Amazing burgers. Awesome beer. Great vibe. Waited a while, but that is to be expected for good food and cold drinks on a Friday night.
5	Great atmosphere, good service and great burgers.  The selection is great or make your own.
4	Ate lunch there today rate almost 4stars! Burger was good but no enough onions and cheese and bacon didn't jump out at me! Fries good better than average. Great comfortable and great service! Malts looked great but didn't try one! Will try again when I return in October !
3	Great fresh burgers perfectly cooked. Everything is Al a Carte and the (small portion of) fresh fries are delicious.. The long line snakes around the front is like waiting for a ride at Disney...and moves just as slowly. I just couldn't figure out why. You are funneled past the bar so you can order your drinks while shuffling towards burger heaven.If they cleaned and bussed the tables promptly maybe that would speed things up a bit.The waitress assigned seating system is confusing the first time but seems to work. Definitely a great burger, in a fun atmosphere.The biggest drawback? The machine they use to make the handmade shakes sounds like a dentist drill...and its running 95% of the time! Its right by the ordering counter so gets louder and louder as you (slowly) approach. Makes my teeth ache just thinking about it LOL
4	Really unique take on burgers here!  Different ingredients for setting up your burger to your tastes and everything was fresh.  Had a large watermelon ale to wash down my delicious burger and my wife had a yummy milkshake to go with hers.  Was very disappointed with the service however after getting seated.  Had to ask two different people about my wife's milkshake before it was finally brought out.  Im sure it was just our situation but still unhappy about it.  Overall, the food was great and people were friendly.  Nice dining atmosphere and plenty of parking outside.  Didn't have to wait long to get a table because we went for a late lunch.  Would definitely try this place again.
3	Food was good, but the whole seating/ordering system put me off.  (Our table will be where?).  Would have liked to sit for a while and have another beer (it wasn't busy the Tuesday night we went), but no one ever offered, and I didn't feel like going to the bar to start another transaction, so we just moved on for the evening.  Would have really enjoyed our dinner if it had been a more traditional dining experience.  I think a system that works great at Pei Wei really doesn't work here.   But I'm getting old and grumpy.
2	Yea, it's different. Seating was comfortable. My medium rare burger took forever so I finally asked the server hovering to check on it. He told me he sent it back because he thought it was undercooked. Finally came out medium well ( no pink at all). Was happy to eat it and leave instead of waiting  for a third burger. Fries needed the oil changed but, were edible. Self serve drink station was far from where we we seated, might wanna rethink that. Condiments only available in small thimble cups  and far as well.  Overpriced and underwhelming.
5	We had a great burger experience here!  I read other reviews and even though I was discouraged by the line, my husband wasn't and so we waited. We were encouraged by a passing waiter to sit at bar and was I glad we did!  (Although the line moved so quickly we didn't really get a jump ahead of any other orders.). I was excited to see so many local AZ beers on tap and hubby LOVED the fresh margarita with no premix. I chose the black bean burger. The goat cheese was a good cheese, but I'm not that into " really goaty" quality, so next time I'll order pepper Jack and be thrilled. Hubby got the bison burger,hesitating because they're typically dry. This one was fabulous!  I love this concept. I get that it's not really kid friendly without a kids' menu, but that's not important to me. It turned into a spontaneous date night with hubby instead, without rug rats running around!
5	WOW really really great burgers.  Been looking for a place since arriving in Scottsdale and found it.   Truffle fries were awesome and aioli was to die for.  Can't wait to return again and again.!
2	The food was very mediocre and at these expensive prices I just can't give a good review
3	Burgers were good but not great.  Service was just fine.  Their concept of getting a beer while waiting in line is kind of gitchy but we bought into the concept and actually enjoyed it.  We weren't overwhelmed but will try again.
3	Hey Hop Doddy, You're great 90% of the time, but last night was not the best experience. Two quick notes:1) After waiting for 20 minutes and being at the head of the line, the hostess or seater tried telling us that they were all out of inside seating. I told them we would wait and then counted three empty booths inside. Don't try to make a customer who has waited their turn sit in the heat (yes, even with misters), if there are open tables. That's dishonest and unfair. 2) After resolving the whole table debacle there was still another wait because one of the cashiers left and was chatting and laughing with other staff members for a good five minutes (with the line practically out the door). Show you deserve and know how to handle your popularity. Don't seat outside unless you have to when it's over 95 degrees. And communicate with your staff that the dinner rush is not the time for breaks. Just suggestions, other than that, keep up the good work.
4	Pretty freakin' good burgers and the beer selection is awesome!The setup, however, is not!   Order at the counter than go get a table and wait for the food to come out.  1... by 1.... by 1 more... and by the time the other person is done eating their food.... maybe you'll have yours in front of you.Apparently this seems to be an issue with others and not sure it really makes good business sense.
5	Gluten friendly! They make their own gluten free buns as well as gf fries! The burgers are top notch. Killer flavor combinations. We tried the Parmesan truffle fries which were decadent and a caramel sea salt milkshake which I am still dreaming about. The set up is efficient and the staff friendly and very helpful. Do yourself a favor and try this fantastic burger bar!
5	"Cerveza Rita" - nuff said. This is our favorite restaurant in Scottsdale. Great atmosphere, great food, easy to get to location and friendly staff. LOVE the fresh meat they serve! I'm telling you, there's a difference between janky tyson meat and the fresh ground beef and bison they serve at this joint. Top notch!
5	My favorite place to grab a gourmet burger in Phoenix/Scottsdale. No doubt about it, Hopdoddy is tough to beat.At first, the setup is strange, but the more I thought about it it makes sense. You are required to stand in line to order your food, all the while standing by the bar and beer taps. At first awkward, however, the move is genius. For all of us beer fiends out there, this is your perfect chance to order a brew and sip on it in line while cashing out at the bar.Secondly, while you're in line they bring around samples of their milkshakes. "Do you want a free sample of our vanilla bean milkshake?" Uhhh, yes I do, thank you very much. Third, the burgers are awesome. Perfectly sized and cooked just right, they come a-la-carte and you're going to have to order your fries separately, but they're large enough to share. My go-to when I'm at Hopdoddy is the Goodnight Burger (add bacon and make it a "Great"night), with the truffle fries. Do yourself a favor and pick up some of their homemade BBQ sauce for dipping, its delicious. Don't forget to follow everything up with their salted caramel milkshake. They give you an extra large straw so you're almost guaranteed to get a brain freeze - totally worth it.The great thing about the madness of ordering through the line when you first arrive is that you get a "server" to take care of you once you've sat down and when you're done eating you've already paid (unless you got dessert or another beer - womp womp)! You can wipe the burger off your face and peace out whenever you like, no waiting on a check.I highly, highly recommend Hopdoddy Burger Bar when you're looking for some bomb burgers to stuff in your face.
3	The soda machine is awesome great flavors ... The hamburger was overcooked not bad but over cooked I was told medium rare it came out medium... Flavors aren't bad on the burger but overall it's just mediocre ..
3	Big fan ... I go quite a bit however .. it is not always consistent and I hate the ordering system. Too many times are people waiting in line when there are tons of open tables... and in this heat, you want to be served.. not wait in line especially at those prices
5	Best burgers! The Primetime Burger is amazing (Brie cheese, arugula, carmelized onions, steak sauce). I also love their kale salads and milkshakes. The service is always great.
4	Not a fan of their ordering system, come in order at a counter then sit down for delivery. Would have much preferred to sit down and order like at a normal restaurant.  Burgers were extremely tasty as was the gourmet style milkshakes.  Sodas are not your typical coke/pepsi products but vanilla cream, etc.  Has a small bar with a small selection of microbrewed beer but nothing really to write home about.  Dog friendly patio.
1	Terrible impression from the start. Staff are young kids that aren't concerned with happy customers. It's not a traditional restaurant set up, I'd liken it to a McDonalds experience. If you like standing in line and serving yourself a soft drink at the soda fountain then you will love it. I was expecting to be seated and have a waiter...this is NOT that kind of place. Food overall was ok at best. I had a salad and hubby had the Diablo burger and truffle fries. His burger had a good spice. The beef didn't have a good texture. Our fries were hard and not even hot. The kale salad was ok. With all the great burger places in the valley, I wouldn't repeat this mistake.
5	Stopped in for lunch yesterday and I am hooked.  Sat at the bar which was full service.  First, the bartender we had was great.  Always kept our drinks full.  Had good suggestions on food as well.  The burgers were great.  My girlfriend got the black bean burger and was a fan.  I went for the Buffalo Bill and it was great.  Bison burger cooked perfectly with hot sauce and blue jack cheese.  Also, I definitely recommend the fries with green chili queso.  Burgers were great, but the green chili queso may have been the best part. Ended the meal with a salted caramel shake that was made perfectly.
5	I love this place! Such a fun environment, the bar has good options and I personally love that their is a burger that donates money to charity (its called the goodnight, SO YUMMY) I also cant go to this place without getting a milkshake! I would recommend Hopdoddy to anyone looking for good food and good people!
4	Absolutely one of the best burger places I  been, awesome local Beers. The El Diablo burger rules, beware super hot! You'll $&@$ fire and save matches!!!
4	I'm not one to crave a burger very often but if I did, I would definitely come here. There has been a line out the door the 2 times I have been there, but I was not in a rush so didn't mind. They assign you a table right before you're about to order and I've been lucky each time as to get a "private" table, since they sometimes seat you at a table where other people are seated and put some BS divider on the table to give the illusion you are separated. All that does is prevent you from looking at the person's food who you are sitting right next to. You are still sitting next to them and can see them clearly so don't see how that helps anything. Moving on. I had The Goodnight burger because the carmelized onions, jalapenos and sassy sauce (assumed it was the house sauce and was right) caught my eye. I really like the bun they use too. Delicious!I favor light beers so tried the one from Grand Canyon Brewing Co. and I loved it. This will definitely be my beer of choice when I return. I absolutely hated the milkshakes. Ordered a chocolate one and it was so bad that I asked to switch it for a different flavor which they did with no problems at all. I got the vanilla and it was just as bad as the chocolate. There's some kind of weird cinnamon number on it and it tastes awful. Definitely stick to the burgers and beer combo! The staff is very young but very nice and professional.
5	Very cool vibe here.  Order from the counter, and then they bring your order, and quickly!  We noticed that there was provision for a long line and ice water outside, as well as a notice that tables were reserved for those in the line, so we imagined that it could be crowded, but not at 3:00 on a Wednesday afternoon!  We both tried local brews, which we later learned were not included in the Hoppy Hour prices, but that was okay.  Served in an icy footed goblet, my wife tried the San Tan Epicenter and I wanted to taste the Phoenix Ale Watermelon, which neither of us felt had a fruity taste, so it was fine too.  My wife went for the Llano Poblano Burger, which she pronounced a winner and muy delicioso, and I was attracted to the Goodnight Burger because $1 of the price went to a local charity--plus it had fresh jalapenos on it!  Both were outstanding and almost too juicy!  We shared a large order of truffle Kennebec fries, and they were so good by themselves that we didn't use the accompanying sauce because they were perfect as is.  A really cute place, service was great, and next time I want to try one of their renowned milk shakes (like raspeberry white chocolate cheesecake or Nutella!)  We will be here again next year!  Reasonably priced as well.
4	I've dined here for over a year now, and I don't know why I haven't written a review yet!I gave up sitting at the booths- I don't like lining up to order.  I just saddle up to the bar and get quick service there.  Aside from creating my own burger, I can only order one of their twelve crafted burgers without having to omit key ingredients.  All of the rest either have sauces that contain cornstarch, or corn syrup (sassy and steak sauces), too hot to even consider (El Diablo), or have items I am allergic to.  Yes, I can ask for them to omit these items, but then all that is left is the burger patty and bread!  So it's the Llano Poblano for me. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hopdoddy-burger-bar-scottsdale?select=lAFmVsT17iI25nVUvualDg#lAFmVsT17iI25nVUvualDg  A bit greasy due to the grilled poblano and slices of bacon, but very delicious!  The brioche is nice, but I'd like to try it with whole wheat next time.  (If I should ever feel like going for The Classic, I might as well wait for it to go on special-- classic burger and soda for $10, but I'd sub something else for the soda.)I also tried the delicious Peach Cobbler milkshake special, which goes off the specials board this Sunday to make room for a new selection.  If you like peaches and pies, then you will LOVE this.  Peach puree and marinated peaches (in triple sec, I'm told), homemade caramel sauce, and pie crust** mixed in Hopdoddy's vanilla ice cream base.  Go and get some before it's too late!  Oh, and many thanks to Jesse for delivering on my request for ice-cold Oak Creek Nut Brown. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hopdoddy-burger-bar-scottsdale?select=DBsmT8GBMoxGjQgo_Qs9kA#DBsmT8GBMoxGjQgo_Qs9kA  I only enjoy beers when they're so cold there are ice crystals in them.  Check back for the photos, which I'll add in a few days.  The frosted glass was gorgeous!**Made especially for this milkshake.  Hopdoddy's dessert menu only features milkshakes and nothing else.  I really enjoy the one made with Nutella and chocolate-covered pretzels!
5	So, this place is really fun. You walk in get handed a menu and wait in line. While you're in line they walk around with all kinds of samples of their food and answer questions about the menu. After you pay, you get seated and wait for your food. I got the prime time burger with the garlic Parmesan cheese fries and it was delicious! Parking was relatively easy and it was moderately crowded. The atmosphere is really casual which I love. The only cons I would say is the noise level. I'm not sure if I'm getting old or what but I had a hard time communicating with my hubby over the music and crowd. Other than that service was great and we will be back for sure :)
4	My husband and I have added Hopdoddy to our rotation of favorite restaurants.... not a good thing for our waistlines, but it's worth it.   We usually start by splitting the spinach/arugula salad, then he gets the Classic Burger while I love the Goodnight burger, along with a shared small order of fries.  Consistently excellent, every single time, and consistently delicious - quite possibly the best burgers we've ever had.   Realize we could make it a bit healthier by each of us ordering a salad first and then sharing a burger and skipping the fries, but our good intentions always seem to cave right as we're giving our order.  Maybe next time : )   My husband LOVES the cold beers; wine list is okay but could benefit from a bit of an upgrade.  The only thing I really don't like about this restaurant is the ordering system.   Like many other people have commented, we figured out early on to just sit at the bar so we don't have to stand in line, and since we avoid peak hours, we're usually able to get a seat.  Even so, it's not as comfortable as a table/booth would be, and while the bartenders are very attentive, there's not a whole lot of ambience - especially when you're looking at a line of people on the other side of the bar waiting to place their order.   The whole set-up just seems very odd, very awkward, and very inconvenient..... just kind of a crummy way to start what is otherwise a great dinner out.   Also seems a bit odd to have milkshakes offered as a dessert.... the ONLY item offered as dessert.   Just as well, I guess, that there isn't a more interesting/enticing selection to choose from, given how many calories we've already ingested up to that point; it just seems like a bizarre choice to have as your one and only dessert.  Having said all that, what do I know - obviously their formula works, because the place is consistently packed.   If I was reviewing it strictly on their salads and burgers, I would definitely have given it a full five stars, and I don't doubt that's the secret to their success - consistently top quality, delicious food.   The inconvenience of the ordering system isn't enough to keep us away.   We just ate there last night and I'm already anticipating our next visit!
5	Favorite burger spot in Scottsdale, hands down!! First time there I tried the magic mushroom and the llano pablano... Definitely liked the magic mushroom the best but the pablano was tasty as well. Next trip there I had the prime time... Brie cheese and Carmelized onions, truffle aioli.. Need I say more? The burger was juicy and cooked to perfection! The ahi tuna burger is amazing as well but beware the nori chips are full of wasabi heat!! The milkshakes are incredibly delish and those truffle parm fries I dream about maybe once a week!!
2	Mediocre burger at best.  Can't figure out what was strange about the meat, but tasted as if something like found pork was added.  Also, burger is not grilled.  Similar to Habit burger and Smash burger all catering to a hip crowd.  If u want hip, go to Lush. Can't compare to the burgers at AJs grill.  Try Delux or Blu Burger which is right around the corner.  All else was great:  service, bar, soda fountain (cane sugar), but didn't make up for the burger.
5	The burgers vary greatly but they're so delicious.  I never would have thought I would like a mushroom burger.  And no way am I gonna like a chicken burger.   Well I was proven wrong.  The mushroom burger was my absolute favorite followed closely by the Ahi burger and the Continental (chicken).  The beef hamburger didnt seem nearly as appealing to my palate as the mushroom or Ahi tuna burgers.French fries with a truffle aoli will give you a new found appreciation (truth here -it could be love) for French fries.   Salads are delicious, fresh, combinations of the season.   The taste of summer watermelon in a salad of baby kale.  Fantastic.Sodas from Maine that are made with pure can sugar and natural favors instead of a lot of dyes and chemicals.  Kinda makes you feel like a kid again.  BTW, i hear the blueberry soda ( yeah, bet you've never heard of that before) actually tasted like real blueberries.  And then there are some special cocktails and deliciously tempting shakes that are unique to this place too.  And the service is impressive.  The staff is knowledgeable of the menu items including the ingredients of each.  Food is delicious and different.  Service is polite, knowledgeable,  and efficient.AND prices are comparable to places like Fuddruckers.I'm already planning to bring my family here.
5	I concur with most of these reviews! Great food and service.Shakes are unbelievably GREAT!!!! Get the one with pretzels in it, the classic sweet and salty in a milkshake.They have turkey, chicken and veggie selections that are actually GOOD!! LOL!!Got to talking to the server, they had 1,000 applications, hired 100 and trained them 9 days before they opened. So they know about the food and how it is prepared.Will make it a point to stop by again in the near future!!
4	Good burgers! The classic is delish and the El Diablo is super spicy! I highly recommend the fries with green chile queso. So yummy! As for the milkshakes, I've only tried 2 so far: Nutella with chocolate covered pretzels is amazeballs and the caramel with sea salt just tasted like a vanilla shake with caramel in it. Meh. I really like that they offer different types of sodas than you're used to seeing, all made with real sugar. Even the ketchup is made with real sugar! Next time, I'm going for the Llano Poblano burger with roasted poblanos, pepper jack, and chipotle mayo and the Oreo shake! Yes, please!
4	Stopped in one afternoon on my way through town, and was pleasently surprised! First ill start by stating you do wait in line to place an order, and take your number to your table whole you wait for your wait. Now, that being said, its hands down the best quality burger joint run as an ordering line. I, decided to sit in the bar and see what "hop" doddy was really all about.Wow! Again, quality craft beer served in a nice frosted goblet! Beautifully done!Decided to try the 'La Bandito' with a side of 'Truffle Parmesan Fries' as the burgers do not come with sides. Defiantly well worth every penny, and without a doubt will be returning when in the area!
4	Its Sunday night all our plans fizzled out and no dinner was being cooked so the only option was to hop on over to Hopdoddy (ok it wasn't the only option but who is going to argue with me?)My party consisted of some picky eaters, my oldest daughter her 16 month old son, and my son. 1st question my son has is how do I even know where this place is at, I just answered him one does not ask these things of mom's just know I know things haha.We walked in and checked out the menu and ordered where placed.Daughter went with The Classic Burger plain just beef, cheese, BACON pls cooked well, that's how she rollsSon ordered The Goodnight burger: Angus beef, cooked med rare, with Tillamook cheddar cheese, hickory bbq sauce, caramelized onions slices & jalapeno & sassy sauce, and that burger didn't last long at all, poof it was goneAfter some flip flopping on what to pick I settled with the Thunderbird, it's organic chicken burger with roasted poblano chili, cheese, BACON and avocado, it's amazing with the perfect amount of heat!Also for kicks we ordered Kennebec fries & Truffle fries, my son loved the truffle fries, said he felt fancy eating them, I enjoyed them as well!Almost went home without a shake, but nope we ordered a few before we left, I went with the Caramel & Sea Salt Shake, this is the perfect combo of a salty sweet and great treat on a hot June night, my son went with the raspberry white chocolate and I guess it was good, he wouldn't share haha. The El Diablo is calling me so I know I will be back soon.
5	Great... No, amazing burgers, awesome fries, you have to try the shakes, all at really surprisingly low prices!
4	This place was awesome! The hamburger was juicy and delicious. I had the, well I can't remember the one I had, but it had mushrooms and an awesome sauce on it. The Parmesan fries were delicious too. I drank their house made soda (blueberry flavor!) only like 3 refills! The staff was friendly and made sure we had everything we needed. Will definitely go back!
5	This place is amazing. The experience usually starts in line where the friendly staff greats you, offers you drinks, as well as answers any questions about the menu you may have so you are ready to order when you get to the counter. Their beers are served in giant frozen glass goblets that are awesome! Everything on the menu is amazing especially the truffle fries and milkshakes. Goodness gracious they know how to cook a fantastic burger!Pro Tip: They don't make reservations, first come first serve, for the best experience keep your party small (4) because they will separate you when you party gets up there in size.
4	This place is amazing! The experience starts in line where friendly staff greats you, answers any questions you may have so when you get to the counter you are ready to order, oh and they reserve a table so that when your done ordering seats are awaiting. They serve beer in giant frozen glass goblets and they do have a bar, but it seems to be more of a family atmosphere! I don't think I have had a better hamburger. Their BEEF comes from traditionally raised cows with no growth hormones and they apparently buy local when available ....and did I say it is super clean.  It is expensive, which I why I gave it 4 stars, but all in all for what you get its a great place.It is a first come first serve, so keep your party small (4) or you will get separated.
5	I *love* Hopdoddy! This is an adorable, laid back place with delicious food. (More on that in a moment!) The setup is simple. You pony up to a single line, (while conveniently standing next to the bar), place your order and mozy out to a table that's been held for you. Family friendly yet not overwhelming. Booths abound (seating about 4ppl). Tables in the center of the restaurant can accommodate larger groups. The bar is also a great place to sit and graze.Tip: If there's a line sit at the bar!Happy Hour is M-Th. (2-6pm)And(!) the Doddy Deal is $9.95: -Classic Burger w/Cheese-Kennebeck Fries+ a soda (Coke or Root Beer)No wonder there's a line to the door!Now, for the food. There are tuna burgers in the world, and then there is the Ahi Tuna Burger at Hopdoddy. Sweet heavenly geezus, You. Must. Eat. This.Let me repeat: Ahi Tuna. GET IT!Por quoi?Pan seared with a robust area of pinkness. I've had the delight of biting into this burger twice. Typing this I crave it again. (It's *that* good.) Sprouts, teriyaki, honey wasabi, pickled ginger and mayo are best friends with nori chips. The crunch reminded me of stuffing potato chips into sandwiches as a child. Sushi is on par with a top of the line sushi joint. (Yeah, seriously.)When the truffle fries came out I reached greedily for them. (My friend was not as much in love. When she said truffle fries are a competitive market I thought, "GOOD. More for me. Now move your hand.")Jesse, our bartender, was filled with stories. Katy, a server in the dining area, is a hoot. People working at Hopdoddy enjoy what they're doing and the good vibes make the time pass.Feel free to buy me a gift card online. You know I'll use it!
5	I love this place!! I have been here multiple times. Would recommend the buffalo bill or the el Diablo. All meats are grass fed and they use the freshest ingredients possible.  For dessert try the milkshakes...recommend the salted carmel and oreo cookie combo.
4	All right.  The burgers are really good.  Truffle fries - nice touch, Hopdoddy.  I approve.However, if the bar seating is full, I'm out.  The whole 'Wait in a cafeteria line to order a $12.00 burger a la carte' concept just doesn't jive for me.  It's awkward.Fortunately, it's a family establishment so there's usually room at the bar...or maybe it's just my drinking schedule...
5	Killer burgers in a variety of meats. Wonderful fries.Interesting selection of drinks, Go!
5	The best of the gourmet burger restaurants in town. Cool layout, the ordering is a little different and confusing at times but overall it is still very manageable. My favorite burger so far is the magic shroom but everything has been excellent thus far. The Parmesan truffle fries are amazing. Oh yeah and I forgot to mention that there milkshakes are the best that I have ever had.
5	Not your average burger joint, most definitely this sets the bar!  From the effortlessly cool interior to the locally sourced ingredients, Hoppdoddy's is far above any of its competition. 3 of us came for dinner, when you walk in you're directed to a counter to place your order, while you're waiting a waitress will come up to you and assign a table, then you can order drinks from the full bar that's to your right as you wait to place your food order. I ordered the Ahi Tuna Burger, served perfectly rare, this sushi grade tuna is just careful seared to keep it in it's burger shape. Wonderful and delicious honey wasabi sauce mixed expertly with a hint of teriyaki and crunch of nori chips make this "burger" easily the best I've ever had. The soda section has all natural house made sodas with cane sugar and no corn syrup. For dessert I ordered the Stout Chocolate shake and it was even more impressive than the main course, sweet, rich and creamy. If you're looking for the best place to grab a gourmet burger, shake and even a drink, look no further!
5	One of the best burgers I have ever had! The mushroom burger is great very juicy, great mayo pesto sauce and very fresh homemade buns. The truffle fries are hand cut and delicious and you have to try a milk shake. Very thick and although I contemplated which one to get the Nutella Chocolate Pretzel was phenomenal, worth the calories! Service is great too, our servers, Charlie and Paul were very attentive as were the other members of the team.
5	Burgers are so trendy these days and you don't find me complaining! The hamburgurlar and I have one thing in common: we both love burgers! It's my cheat food any day of the week. Give me a burger, fries (and maybe even a milkshake) and I'm one happy girl. Granted, I don't eat my favorite meal every day of the week, which is why it's such a special treat when I do. Being a huge fan of Roaring Fork and Salty Sow, I was very excited to give Hopdoddy Burger Bar a try. The verdict? Folks, they did it again! Here's how it works: There are three ways to enjoy a meal here. You can post up at the bar, you can dine in or you can get take out. Whichever option you chose, you will start by first going up the counter and ordering your meal. If you plan on dining in, once you order, the server shows you to a seat so you don't have to fight other patrons to score a table. The server will then bring the food out to you and you can enjoy your meal! Now on to the food. The burgers are why you come here, but they do have other delicious food as well! I especially love the Classic Cheeseburger and french fries, but the cous cous is delicious, as is the Kale Salad with Baby Kale Leaves, Arugula, Feta, Watermelon, Avocado, Sunflower Seeds, Pickled Red Onions and Pomegranate Vinaigrette. Actually, all of there salads looked delicious. While I love the Classic, they also have several funky burger options, such as the Buffalo Bill with Bison, Blue Cheese, Frank's Hot Sauce, Apple-Smoked Bacon, Sassy Sauce, the El Diablo with Angus Beef, Pepper Jack, Caramelized Onions, Habanero and Serrano Chiles, Salsa Roja, Chipotle Mayo, an Ahi tuna burger, turkey burger and veggie burger, etc, etc. There's a burger for all palettes here! Now let me talk about my other favorite part of the meal. Mmmmm....milkshakes! Oh yes, they have milkshakes here and a.m.a.z.i.n.g ones at that! I had the Nutella and Chocolate pretzel and yes my friends, it's as good if not better than it sounds. I might just stop in for a milkshake one of these days, but then I don't think I could resist a burger to go with it!
5	There are a lot of burger places in Scottsdale and this is my fave.  They make everything from the burgers to the buns.  The ordering system is strange and I am not sure who to tip but besides that this place is the shiznit.
5	Are you a fan of delicious flavor?  Do you enjoy ahi tuna?  How about Wasabi chips, do you like those?  If yes you must try the Ahi burger, it's hands down the single best food item I've ever eaten.  Ever.If you are one of those strange people who didn't answer yes they also have some good hamburgers.  If you're into that sort of thing.Seriously though this place is amazing.  They have so many great options that even a vegetarian can enjoy a meal.
5	That is a fang good veggie burger, YUM! My boyfriend and I were looking for a new place to try last night, and originally decided on Taco Haus..which ended up being closed when we got there. So, looking up places nearby he saw Hopdoddy, which I had really been wanting to try. One thing that would maybe knock off half a star was we walked in confused, no idea what we were supposed to do because there was no sign or anything! And one lady introduced herself as our server, but like 3 different people were helping us out. Also they sat two of us in a six person spot when it was really busy. It wasn't much of a problem though, just different. The ambiance of Hopdoddy is nice as well, very hip, cool feeling to it. I ordered La Bandita with no mayo or cheese. It was excellent, the housemade veggie patty was incredible. And a mess. But worth it! Loved the arugula and pesto on it. The bun was fantastic as well. I got fries for my boyfriend and I as well, and they were tasty. I liked that they had different options for sauces, but I stuck mostly with ketchup for my fries. Was WAY to stuffed for a milkshake, but they looked incredible. The truffle fries sounded awesome too.Usually my boyfriend and I always try a new restaurant whenever we go out for a meal, but we both agreed we will have to be making a return here. We liked it that much!
4	Pros: Really good burgers great flavors. Really good shakes. Ok fries. Local produce, grass fed burgers. If grass fed isn't a big deal to you google the difference and you will only eat grass fed. Cons: price is highYou take a number and sit down after ordering. I wish they had normal servers. Return factor 90%
5	Wow. Now that's what I call a burger joint. You got your choice of meat, rather it be beef, ahi tuna, or bison. Not to mention that you get to choose rather to have gluten-free buns or regular buns-both look amazing. What really set this place apart from any burger joints that I've been to in the past is that they offer a wide selection of beer to your meal. I ended up getting the Summer Road Trip by a Brewery Company from Flagstaff called "Mother Road Brewery". All their burgers are delicious. If you love spicy foods, I'd recommend the El Diablo Burger. SO MUCH HEAT AND FLAVOR! And what good would it be without their signature Parmesan Fries? One last thing, they offer four different condiments for the fries. ALL OF THEM ARE AWESOME! If I could, I would give this place a 6/5. Definitely check these guys out if your in Scottsdale, Arizona.
5	We decided to try the burgers based on word of mouth and the reviews on yelp while vacationing here in scottsdale. My husband ordered the diablo and I had the Llano poblano.  Both were delicious. The beef is hormone/antibiotic free. The burgers are made with fresh ingredients and are full of flavour. The buns are baked on site. Overall a great burger experience. Our kids ordered the classic and split it- but didn't finish their burgers. They are picky eaters so we didn't expect these gourmet burgers to be a hit with them. At least it was happy hour (before 6pm on monday) so their burger and fries and drink was about $9. We also ordered the truffle parm fries. So good but too much to finish.
4	This was my second visit and the food once again was terrific. This may only be me but the only downside I would say is it might be best to know the menu before you go in. You are greeted by a host at the door, handed a menu and once you walk you are greeted by a another host who hands you a number for the table you will sit at and then you approach the counter to order. It may seem efficient but with people behind you waiting you can feel a little rushed and the menu is quite extensive, front and back. After this last visit we asked for a menu to read it better and realized there are 2 types of fries! I was just ordering fries and the staff that takes your order never asked which ones I wanted. Next time I will have my order ready to go before I walk in the door.
4	This is a very cool spot and the food is awesome too. They must be "line out the door busy" at times (thankfully today wasn't one of those days) because they had misters and lemon-water for people waiting outside. It's a unique concept that you get assigned a table before ordering your food...so you order your food then come back and sit at your table. then a server brings your food out. I ordered the El Diablo burger which was really good and fulfilling with fries. Had a spicy kick to it (didn't really like the onions tho). The only thing i was confused on was are you suppose to tip the workers that are walking around assisting guests? they bring you w/e you need and even refill your drink for you. the sodas are cool too, they aren't your normal coke or pepsi, it's like mexican cola or sugar cane ginger ale, something different.I will def try the place again...one Con of this place is that it's very pricey! A burger, drink, and fries will set you back $15!
4	I had the grass fed burger with bacon & avocado on a gluten free bun with a small fries.  It was $20! The burger was good and the flavor of the bun was good but fell apart so I needed to eat it with a fork & knife instead of picking it up.  I love that I can get food of this quality - but at that price I would expect table service rather than walking up to a counter to order, getting a number, sitting down & having someone drop the food.  The staff asked if it was good & was really friendly.  I would definitely go back since I love the quality and would be be prepared next time - but was a bit shocked my first time.  :-)
4	Really yummy food!Magic shroom burger has a pesto mayo that adds an out of this world taste combo.I also had truffle fries and a doble fima margarita. Which were both soo good.All service was fast and friendly. This place is in the details: creative flavor combos, water with lemon and cucumbers if you're waiting outside, order drinks while you wait on line, big into local meat, recycling, fresh house made ingredients.., the list goes on.We shared a Carmel and sea salt shake after dinner.. Swoon! Delicious!The only thing is.. After waiting in line to order.. For 30 minutes! And observing how it's ran: order at the counter, wait for number of table from hostess, wait for food, meet a server that is waiting on you but you are not sure why they didn't take your order... The structure is confusing!! I  am not confident even the awesome food will bring me back because I just don't want to wait in line that long cafeteria style to order. The place is packed with a dinner rush amount of employees - just do table service this would get 5 stars from me and others! The atmosphere and menu set it apart, but the confusing customer structure just sucks.
4	Very happy with the food. I have been here 3 times. Twice in Scottsdale and once in Dallas. It is a very cool concept and the execution on the food is very good. I enjoyed the Ahi Burger and salted caramel shake. The beer selection is great. Just be prepared for a line if you go during peak hours.
5	I would eat here 2 times a week if I could (and didn't mind becoming obese) Burgers are amazing here. They are always cooked to juicy perfection. The greek burger is so damn good it'll make you wanna move to greece. Truffle fries are your sexy little delicious friends. The shakes will leave you disenchanted with shakes from anywhere else. Even the soda fountain offers up non-conventional sodas. Always busy so if you're looking for a quiet night you won't find it here, but great social place to eat some gourmet burgers. I highly recommend.
4	I really enjoyed several of the burgers here my favorites is the llano pablano. I have enjoyed the primetime and buffalo bill and my wife loves the turkey burger (continental club). They just instituted a new happy hour or as they call it hoppy hour that takes $2 off every burger and $4 drafts/margaritas from 4-6 all week! Baller!i have not had the shakes yet but my mother loved the salted Carmel shake. They always have a new burger and shake on special so to keep it new and exciting. The ingredients are fresh and the butter toasted bun adds to the tastiness. People don't like the ordering it seems from other reviews but I found it easy and convenient.
5	Visiting in town so I looked this place up, though I didn't get to try the shakes but I ordered the El Diablo Burger, food quality was top notch, and they gave me chipotle ketchup with my fries. The giant goblets of beer are a reason alone to come, all the beers are local brews which can be hard to find. Staff was friendly and food arrived on time... Practically perfect
4	The food was great! Service, not so muchService: Would have given 5 stars if the service was better. It is scattered and confusing. I felt pressured to order quickly without asking questions because of the line behind me. I get to my table and a lady holding a margarita gives me my drink. Later, a man brings our food. (We were told that we would have a server, but were never introduced to anyone.) It looks great, but they put sassy sauce all over my boyfriend's burger (which he hates.) All my guy would have needed was a new bun. He ate half, probably because he felt bad since I paid. Nobody comes back to check on us. I wait a while to see if I can flag someone down to order a shake once I was almost done eating. Nobody in sight,  so we walked up to the counter. Pretty lame concept.  If you want us to walk up to the counter for everything,  dont give us the impression that we will get service at a table. The food: Wow! This is a pretty good burger. They use quality ingredients and it shows. The parmesan fries are to die for. Ive had similar style fries elsewhere,  but they are always loaded with oil or butter. Gross. These were dry, crispy, and just perfect. I ate every last bite of my meal. My $6 margarita was strong. Even the soda fountain was impressive. No high fructose corn syrup, just cane sugar. I can appreciate a buisness that goes the extra mile to produce quality products all around. We ended with a shake, and it was the best! My man called the extra wide shake straw "dangerous" since we were sharing, and it was easy to drink quickly, lol!
4	Ok i would give this place 5 stars if it weren't for the HORRENDOUS NAME, i mean its just awful and I'm almost embarrassed attempting to repeat it to others as they respond with a 'huh, whats it called?' And if restaurants succeed by word of mouth the name of this place just kills it as id imagine once someone's hears of this place they forget it about 5 seconds later as its not something that would really stick in your mind. Or as my boyfriend said 'oh what i thought this place was called hop daddy this whole time'. Moving on from the name however this place does have AMAZING burgers (not hot dogs as one might naturally think by the name). Its definitely worth trying, yes they are expensive for a burger place but the meal is really worth every penny and this isn't just some ordinary burger joint. I would find it hard to believe anyone would be disappointed when leaving here.
5	Went here last night with my boyfriend & friends, we all are now obsessed! This place is great! The stand in line to order and receive a table number to sit at after ordering seems weird, but it's so Efficient! We went at 7pm (it was packed), we waited in line for about 20mins, however it went FAST. The staff is constantly bringing over samples for you to try, they take your drink order while in line so you can sip while you wait- lots of local drafts available and they even make their own triple sec and lemoncello! The food is made fresh- and it's amazing! Every person in our group ordered a different burger and different style fries- ALL were GREAT! I ordered the shroom burger that has goat cheese and pesto on it and WOW! Best burger I've had ever. Parmesan truffle fries were mind blowing good!Every person working was positive, nice and really wants you to enjoy your dinning experience there!Also, a huge plus in my book is that they recycle and compost! We will be back for sure. Well worth the drive from the West Side of the Valley!
5	I went to Hop Doddy yesterday at lunch.  As usual I had a great experience. This place never disappoints.  I got the regular bacon cheeseburger and added a fried egg and guacamole.  I asked for medium rare and the burger was cooked to perfection.  I also love love their truffle fries and their Maine root coke.  I first had burgers at this restaurant in Austin and the Scottsdale location is just as good!!  My friend got a raspberry white chocolate milk shake and loved that as well.  Great place and I will keep going back.
4	I'm not sure what my problem is when trying to pronounce the name of this place because I always call it HopdADDYS, but i will learn because as far as I'm concerned its the best burger in the valley.   Been here a few times and each experience was the same.  Consistently delicious burgers and friendly staff.  While I'm not overly fond of the stand in line to get a table formula,  It works out in a first come first serve basis which allows the kitchen to dish out the burgers in a proper order.  Happy hour here is phenomenal with 2 dollars off your burger at two different times.  Spending 6 dollars for an exquisite burger during happy hour will bring me back time and time again.  Don't quote me on the times but it was 3-6pm and then a late night happy hour as well.
4	It was awfully loud and a bit confusing when we ordered. We just milled about near the bar and read the menu. Then we went to the register to order. The girl at the register was very helpful and we got our orders placed. What is wrong with sitting down at a table and ordering?The food didn't disappoint. I had the Terlingua (burger with chili con carne, corn chips, and cheddar cheese). It was a perfect combination. The amount of toppings didn't make the burger a sloppy mess when I ate it and I could still enjoy all the flavors. We got a large order of fries for the table. They came out first and were a bit cold when we got our burgers.They have a very nice local beer selection, including a few nice hoppy ones. I didn't care for the chunky goblet-thing they served my beer in, though.Overall, a great experience with great food and beer.
4	Just ate lunch here with very high expectations. I was told some of the best burgers and shakes and I had to get there Nutella milkshake. First off I love the building and the style of joint but ordering was a bit weird because they didn't have the full menu on the wall and the guy that took our order was a bit rude. So I get the Nutella shake and co worker got the red velvet. Neither of us were highly impressed with the shakes. They were good but not great.  I get the turkey burger which lived up to the hype and my friend got the chicken burger which was 5 star quality. In the end I say skip the heavy shakes and just go for the burgers and great fries.
4	Great New Age Burger Joint. It's a Bar, Meets a wide range of burger options, from turkey to Grass fed. Not your typical burger place and well priced for quality.  The Salted Carmel  shake was the best I've had, so good show old chap.  Lol enjoy.
4	It's from Austin, so it already gets 1 extra star from me.  Sit at the bar if you want service, otherwise you order from the counter.  Now for the food.  The truffle fries are bomb.  We got the Buffalo burger and the jalapeno burger.  The jalapeno burger was excellent.  The Buffalo burger just didn't make sense.  It lacked cohesiveness.  There was Franks Hot sauce, bacon and blue cheese.  It all sounds great on paper, but once on the place, it really didn't do anything for us.  The beer selection is great and they serve the beer in a 19oz schooner for $5.50.  I hear it's $4 at HH.  WHAT?!!!  Craft beer at that price?  Please make your way out to SoCal!  My wife ended lunch with a salted caramel shake to go.  It was heaven!  We will be back when in AZ.  Come to SoCal.  Seriously.
3	I knew going in, the ordering system might be a little bit of a C.F., but it actually wasn't too bad.  There was a friendly young woman by the entrance guiding the flow of traffic and she gave us a menu and pointed us toward the register.  We were there around noon on a Saturday.  We ordered with no problems and I suffered from mild sticker shock, but nothing obscene.  Two burgers, the truffle fries, and 2 beers were $39.67 before tip.We shared the Thunderbird chicken sandwich, the truffle fries, and the Magic Shroom burger plus bacon (of course).  Mr. M had a Oak Creek Nut Brown and I tried Four Peaks' Peach ale.  When I ordered my sandwich I knew it had poblano peppers and chipotle mayo on it and thought for a split second that it might be a little too spicy for my taste, but actually, it had very little flavor at all.  Kind of shocking.  The grilled chicken breast was good quality and moist, but that sandwich was completely bland.The truffle fries were just ok.  They were soaked with the oil, soggy, and not really that appealing.  Mr. M's shroom burger was the real winner.  The blend of flavors of good quality beef, mushrooms, bacon, and pesto was perfect!  I would definitely get that again.  Service overall was really top notch and everyone was very friendly.  Our server Riley had several tables and she was hustling and smiling the whole time.  I didn't care for the techno music and all the rabid children.  When we were finished we asked ourselves if we would come back and we both said maybe.  If I were to return I'd definitely just sit at the bar and for sure get the shroom burger again.  I read that happy hour pricing is pretty good too, so if I do return and have a better experience I'll be sure to update my review, but for now it's just A-OK to us.
5	Sooooo good. Their gluten free buns are AMAZING!! The buns are similar to corn bread and.... basically fucking delicious.
5	Hopdoddy Burger Bar, is the best burger joint in town! At 25 miles away from my home and almost a 45 minute drive I still can't wait to go again! My first visit was a Yelptastic experience, in which I was fortunate to be able to taste several types of burgers and chicken too but it was definitely the Ahi tuna that made me return. I'd been bragging to the guys, my son and daughter's boyfriend how good this place is, and what guy doesn't enjoy a burger so of course I brought them to taste for themselves! We chose the pablano, a bison and the Ahi tuna along with some of their amazing fries. We ordered a couple of their In-House flavored fountain sodas, the Rootbeer and the Blueberry. I am a Diet Coke drinker perhaps even an addict but the Blueberry soda had me hooked at the first sip! To my heartbreak I was told after I had ordered that the last of the Ahi tuna had been sold,choose another burger and perhaps they'd be able to get more tuna in. Crushed and forced to choose again I went with the Diablo Burger. This little spicy number set my tastebuds on fire with heat and great flavor.The manager soon came over and apologized for the tuna shortage and went out of his way to make it up to us. Fabulous food and customer to match, we will definitely be back!
4	Compared to notorious burger and rehab burger, this one tops!Delicious bacon cheeseburger, bun & sassy sauce and yummy fries!  My boyfriend has tried the poblano burger and buffalo bleu (with angus beef) burger and both have been fabulous. Servers have all been great too. A lot of fun fountain drinks and local beers on tap. Delicious homemade ranch and honey mustard...My two complaints:-You order and pay/tip in line before sitting down but if you decide to order a drink or dessert, you have to open a new tab and tip again. My advice: make sure you know exactly what you want to order the first time through the line and order it all at once. -The fries come out first (like an appetizer) instead of with your burger. I prefer to eat them with my burger. Mmmmmm
5	I'm a huge fan of Hopdoddy, and really hope they expand throughout the valley. My first time here was at a tasting event sponsored by Yelp, I was able to taste most of what was on the menu including their burgers, salads, shakes and cocktails. I went in expecting this place to be good, since I'm a huge fan of their sister restaurant Salty Sow and it definitely met my expectations. The setup makes your dining experience very easy and laid back. You walk in and order at the counter. Don't worry if the line is too long, the servers will come around with samples to make up for it. Once you order your seat will be assigned to you, and your food will be served to you there. If you want anything else such as more drinks or dessert you can order it from your server. This process makes for a very relaxed dining experience. As for the food, my favorites are the ahi tuna burger. The burger has sushi grade tuna with a delicious wasabi sauce and crunchy sprouts. If you like fish this is a must try! Even though this is a burger place, I really love their Hail Caesar salad. This is a modern take on the traditional caesar as it includes crunchy fried chickpeas, potato hay and a delicious dressing. I absolutely love their Parmesan truffle fries, it's worth coming here for these alone! The fries are full of flavor with truffle oil, parmesan and garlic and comes with an amazing aioli type dipping sauce.Another added plus is all of their awesome drink options. They have a soda fountain that includes all types of fun flavors such as blueberry and cream soda. They also offer plenty of local craft beer options, and I haven't had a cocktail that I didn't like. My favorite is their version of the Jon Daily which is called the Soco Sweet Tea, if you like Arnold Palmers this is the cocktail for you! Hopdoddy is a welcome addition to the Phoenix area, the only downside is that's it's a little far from where I live. However it's still worth the drive and won't stop me from returning.
5	Hopdoddy has a unique atmosphere and probably the best burger I've had in Phoenix.The El Diablo burger is fantastic... juicy patty, spicy jalapenos with a delicious guacamole. I highly recommend the Truffle Fries, the dip they come with is well worth the calories.The line can get pretty long around dinnertime, but the staff will take your drink order while you wait for a table, which tends to make the wait much more tolerable.
5	This place is bomb.  Everything is so fresh and the prices are decent. It's my favorite burger spot. They grind their own meat and make their own buns.  You must try the terlingua burger and the green chile fries!  You will probably want to wear your pants with the elastic waistband when you go.
4	I prefer eating at the bar so you don't have to wait in line for your food. I have been there 3 times so far and everything I have ordered is very fresh and full of flavor. The order of fries is enough to share. I have recommended the restaurant to many of our friends.
3	My wife and I tried this place on a weekday afternoon, right before lunch hour. We heard about their great burger and beer selection and were eager to give this a go. As per the other comments, Hopdoddy is a walk up and order restaurant and then you wait your food while at your self-selected table. They offer an amazing selection of fancy burgers all with apparent local farm supplied ties and it is impressive what they can do with a burger per their menuThe self service soda machine was also unique with a selection of home made root beer and blueberry (!) soda.Now the beer selection was disappointing in that not a wide selection was on tap. I incorrectly assumed with "Hop" in the title the beer selection would be awe inspiring yet it was just meh. Some local faves (Four Peaks, San Tan) were offered yet nothing to write home about.All in all, was very enjoyable time yet it seemed steep to spend almost $40 for the two of us for two burgers and two drinks (no booze even).  Based on the other reviews and how busy this place was during our visit, it appears to have mass appeal yet I don't see a return trip unless under the influence of a Groupon (or someone else picks up the tab).
5	Amazing burgers, and you can't beat the happy hour prices! Friendly staff and quick service, too. Would definitely recommend.
3	I went here with my family and 2 friends. We were just looking for a place for lunch and my mom wanted to try this new place out. The location is pretty good. The waiters/waitresses could be more clean and friendly. A good portion of them have tattoo's and piercings. The way you order food is kind of confusing and not efficient.
5	We went with a group of 7 and had a table pretty quickly. When you walk in, they ask how many are in your party so that they can arrange the table. After that, the hostess will point you straight ahead to the cashier who will take your order. The menu is a different story and for being as simple as it is, the choice was difficult. I ended up with the classic burger with bacon and cheese, then added a fried egg. Wow. I'm a huge burger fan and this place nailed it. All of the sides were great rather it was regular or Parmesan fries...delicious! I recommend this place to any burger lover. Did I mention the beer?! All the locals....four peaks, San tan, some others....beer was ice cold out of the tap! Try it, love it, repeat!
5	Excellent service and great burgers as well as salads. Fast service and a nice atmosphere
5	Of all the burger joints in all the world...this one just has to be on my side of town, tempting me with it's perfectly-designed burgers, expertly seasoned parmesan truffle fries, and huge goblets of local brews and other favorite beverages. The setup is a little different from other burger restaurants in that you wind your way through the line and pay before getting a table. When it's busy (weekends for sure), the wait can be a little long (30 mins max so far), but they will serve your drink as you wait and usually have water available as well. A good way to get your food fast is to sit at the bar. Of course this means an extra tip for the bartender, but totally worth it for the quick service. I have tried the llano poblano, the el diablo, and the thunderbird (chicken) burgers. By far, my favorite was (surprisingly) the thunderbird. Best chicken burger I have ever had. The tastes and flavors are amazing. Just writing this review makes me crave another burger. One thing to note: if you order sparkling water from the bar, you will be charged and given bottled water; from the register it's free. Overall, a strong contender for my award for best burger & fries in Scottsdale.
4	The hubs and I went here on Labor Day for dinner after he got off of work and it was still hopping around 8 o'clock!  We grabbed up an order of their green chile queso and fries and...I'm not kidding here...we could have just sat there and ate a couple orders of those and been fully satisfied.  They were freaking delicious and those fries...mmmmmm those fries...perfect!I had their Buffalo Bill burger:  Bison, Blue Cheese, Frank's Hot Sauce, Apple-Smoked Bacon, Sassy SauceHubs had the Llano Poblano:  Angus Beef, Pepper Jack, Hatch Chiles, Apple-Smoked Bacon, Chipotle MayoHe really loved his and I was sort of sad mine didn't hold more flavor.  Their buns and meat as well as ingredients are on par.  I was just hoping for something that exploded in my mouth like a burger at The Attic would have done.  I do want to try it again and try one of their spicier burgers as well as one of their margaritas when I don't have to drive home late on a school night.
5	Best burgers in town! I actually love the chicken sandwich! Amazing! I've been back 4 times in one month so yes I absolutely recommend this joint! Service is also very good and the staff is always friendly.
4	Oh yeah cheers for hopdoddy,  I didn't know they were from Texas until my friend who I took today told me. you go up to the bar, order your grub and they bring it you. Nice vibe, good beer and milkshakes,  tho not at the same time!
5	Favorite burger in Scottsdale! We just moved here from Cleveland and were a little spoiled with having several really good burger joints around the city.  Hopdoddy absolutely makes the cut out here in AZ! Perfectly cooked burgers, buns that don't take over the burger, great taste, delicious truffle fries, and awesome milkshakes (red velvet was our choice).  The space works well.  You first build your burger, then find a table and it will be served to you. We went on a Friday night and arrived a little early since we had kids in tow, shortly after we were seated there was a line out the door. Be prepared for a bit of a line, but it seemed to move quickly.  A must try spot if you are in search of a great burger!
3	Exterior:  Very clean landscaping and easy parking.  The building is rather large and inviting, I like the logo of a Cow chewing on some hops.Interior:  Green and blue colors that pop, booths and high-top tables look inviting, low tables look a tad uncomfortable for larger humans.  The booths have a rail down the middle to rest your feet which is a cool touch.  Large TVs in the four corners of the Restaurant.  Cool Bar area to the right, dining to the left.Ordering in this restaurant requires instructions which are never a good thing in my experience.  I suppose they are doing this so people don't take up all the booths first while others are waiting in line?  So you get a table assigned to you before you can stand in line to order, seems a bit odd.  We arrived and I wanted to wait for a booth so several people were put ahead of me since they settled for a high top.  This would allow a whole family to wait in line and decide what they want instead of having to "hold" a seat, I didn't like it but I can see the reason they are doing it.Food:  Burger came out medium-well when I asked specifically for well-done, tasted pretty good but in all honesty Five Guys and Smash Burger beef tastes better and I was expecting more from Hopdoddy.  I had the original burger with provolone cheese.  I also ordered Kennebec Fries which surpassed my expectations.  They have a nice selection of craft beer on tap and big ice cold chalices for serving.  I choose to sip on a Lumberyard Hefeweizen during the meal and the beer did not disappoint.  We also ordered a Caesar Salad which was underwhelming.  I know this is a burger place but if you are going to put it on the menu do it right.  The lettuce appeared maybe a bit past it's prime, it was soggy.  I expect a Caesar Salad to have crisp lettuce, there was also too much dressing and the fried Garbonzo Beans were too hard.  Last but not least was the Milkshake, we tried the Vanilla Bean to get an idea of the quality of the ice cream.  Served in a Plastic Cup with canned whip cream it was a pretty big disappointment.  Give me a nice glass cup for the price.  The ice cream did taste good, but the cheap whip cream cheapened the product.All in all a pretty decent meal if it was a tad cheaper, I was expecting better considering all the positive reviews.  I felt the restaurant had some discontinuity between the lovely glassware for beer and plastic for the milkshakes.  I know kids come here but plastic should be requested by parents not the norm.  Seating is a bit odd but not burdensome and on my particular day there were flies all over the restaurant, not appetizing.
5	I chilled at the bar and grabbed a beer from their nice selection in a very frosty glass and the bartender was quick and attentive... My Greek burger was INSANEly good, and the fries were awesome.  A bite of perfection! (Because I basically ate them all in one bite!)  Dear cool people who own this: please expand quickly so I can show you to my friends back home!
4	Overall, I like this place. The food was quite good and the place is nice and feels very "open" with all the window.  I don't like having to stand in line for 20 minutes. I understand why they went with this seating arrangement. If a place is crowded all the time this allows people to get through faster. However, I find it hard to justify standing for that long. There are very few places where I would stand in line Disneyland style for a meal. XOXO in Chicago is worth the wait (sometimes standing for an hour). This place may not be. I would only come back in the off hours. Ok, rant over.The food: I had the diablo burger and added a fried egg and bacon. Very good. Far spicer than I would have guessed. My little dude had a plain cheese burger. Most of which he rubbed on his face then threw on the floor. He did seem to like it though. My lady had the ahi burger which she stated was "really good". We all enjoyed the truffle fries.Great food, good beers, nice place, prepare to stand for a bit. Worth checking out.
1	We are new to Scottsdale and found decent reviews for Hopdaddy. The name being a bit trendy had us thinking outside the box, I mean burger bar..sounds awesome, or so we thought. We shall go pro and cons to keep it simple. Cons: No initial greeting. Right as we walked in, not only did no one say anything, but there was no hostess stand. So, we figured self-seating. Once the waitress came over and said" Oh you guys haven't been here before, so I guess its ok" -- Oh sorry for being a new customer, my bad. She told us to head to the back of the restaurant and stand in line to place our order. You order, and pay, before you even sit down. Are we at McDonalds? Pro: Food came quickly. Usually we don't complain about "too quickly" but we wanted a nice, sit down meal...ya know time to enjoy your beverage, chat a few, enjoy the ambiance. Nope. Half way through our meal, the waitress comes back over and says.. "can you hand me your number" -- Really, while I'm in the middle of my meal, you want me to put down my food to hand you something..that is of NO relevance right now?? Ridiculous. Staff needs to be re-trained on customer care. Con: Paper towels as napkins. Not my style. I guess if you wanted to order anything else you have to stand back in line..and might just loose your table. The theory of out side the box, wasn't what we had hoped. And the food was OK at best, if your name has "burger" in it, please have a GOOD burger. The burger was dripping..soggy bun as soon as it hit the table, and was med-rare. (They didn't ask a preference but I think med-rare as an average is a bit questionable. Pro: Beer size for price was good. $6 for a premium draft. Everyone was drinking a milkshake, so those might be worth a try. And um...well, I guess they have a couple TV's, that's good. Overall, we wont be going back.
4	This is by far my favorite burger place in the valley. Their burgers are to die for, the fries are a taste of perfection and their drink selection is on point.. Did I mention the wonderful service and friendly atmosphere? I frequent this place at least once a month and have never been disappointed. Everyone is really friendly, they have a great concept of ordering up front instead of waiting for a waiter..The only thing I think they could improve on is the quality of their gluten free buns... They tend to fall apart really easily...but besides that, everything is delicious. I would recommend this place to anyone!
4	Many of my friends have recommended this place so I met up with a friend who lives in the area for lunch.  I, of course, was late.  We were given the quick tour of how the place works and were able to get one of the last remaining tables.I ordered the Ahi tuna burger and the truffle fries.  I thought the tuna was done perfect but many folks would have say it was a bit too well done and my friend said it looked so rare she would not have touched it. She had a cheese burger, very well done, and fries and she liked it.  A word on the truffle fries, they were very good but the order is large enough they need to be shared.  I took over half the order home with me.Every body on the staff we dealt with was friendly and knowledgeable.  They really fill up for a weekday lunch but it did not hurt the service quality or timing.
5	I like to think I know a thing about burgers, them being my favorite meal choice, and this place has truly phenomenal burgers. I got the el diablo and it was cooked a perfect medium rare and not too much heat either. The peppers and the chipotle mayo complimented each other perfectly. The menu is a la carte and fries and chili com queso were tremendous. There was plenty of seating when I showed up, and the only conceivable negative is only 4 TV's in the whole restaurant. Fantastic food and at a good price.
5	Recently went here for a birthday treat. I have driven by it many times and each time it is packed! I ordered the Classic burger, my husband ordered the Buffalo Bill, and we split an order of truffle fries. I also ordered a yard of Hefeweizen. The beer was perfectly cold, and served in a huge frozen mug. I would return to HopDoddy for the beer alone! The burgers were juicy and flavorful.. Will definitely be back!!
4	The ordering/seating concept is different, but you get used to it. It is a little confusing and frustrating to have multiple bills from various sections of the restaurant, but it always seems to run seemlessly. The burgers are really delicious. I have since gone vegetarian and have their black bean patty instead. It's good, but not the best I've had. It does have beets in the patty, so it is more on the purple side, which is interesting. I do, however, miss being a meat eater everytime I go here. The fries are delicious and I love their chipotle ketchup. I've heard from my gluten free friends that they have the best gluten free bun. I tend to go during lunch or early dinner hours because this place does get packed for dinner. I went one Saturday night and did the waiting in line thing. If you have the time and patience for that, then go for it. I usually have plans after dinner and don't want to chance being late.
4	OMG! This place is AMAZING!I was out there visiting friends in AZ and they took me here which I must say has some amazing selections of both beer and burgers!! I wanted something spicy so I ended up getting the El Diablo and man was it spicy! It caught me off guard because I was thinking it would be a normal spicy but not spicy for me since I LOVE spicy, so it turned out to be spicier then I expected, but it was still good!!! It was a perfect combination for me with a nice juicy patty and the right amount of cheese and veggies on it. For the fries you should get regular fries and after they bring you your food ask for aioli sauce and they'll bring you the sauce and you don't have to pay extra for the truffle fries. They have a wide variety of beers for everyone! They have some local brews on tap which is awesome! OH they also have military discount!!
5	We used to hit this place in Austin Texas for years and it has a perpetual line around it during all business hours. The quality of ingredients is top notch. The fries and queso are a must try. All burgers have been fantastic. The drinks are different and fun. The shakes are fantastic.
2	Overrated and overpriced.  Frankly I don't get the hype or long lines.  Bar service was slow and although my wife's burger was good, it wasn't worth the $12 they charged. Truffle fries for $6.50 were also a joke. You'll be much happier (and spend a lot less) at Five Guys.
5	Burger has always been my comfort food. Every bite I take is pure cholesterol and calorie satisfaction. As long as the burger is done correctly, I would take a bite any day (that is any day I can burn the additional calories).Hopdoddy burgers are definitely the type of burgers that you would fall in-love with. Good juicy patty, cheesy cheese, soft bread, tasty sauce and complimenting toppings for me makes a good burger. Done the right way, it turns into the perfect burger.The place felt very modern and classy. TV is available at every corner to keep diners updated on the latest sporting event. Outside seating is also an option. I guess the outside tables are perfect for a good burger and a cold beer with good friends on a cool Scottsdale night out. For the hot Arizona summer days, they also have misting around their patio to keep the place cool.Service was excellent. We were met at the front door by the staff. We were asked if it was our first time to make sure we understand their ordering and seating system. At the door, they give diners their table numbers. Diners can then line-up for their orders and once orders are placed, diners can head to their table for a full service from then on. The tables were kept clean and the servers regularly check if diners need anything else on their table. When we visited, it was a busy lunch time. Servers still had a smile on their face that made us feel comfortable and added to the satisfaction of the meal.The burger? It was love at first bite. We ordered the Primetime burger, Magic Shroom burger, Truffle fries and the Caramel & Sea salt shake. The Primetime burger had the Texas Akaushi beef, Brie cheese, Truffle Aioli, Arugula, Caramelized Onions and bbq sauce. The Akaushi beef had a natural sweetness that complimented very well with the salty and tangy Brie cheese. The arugula topping added a peppery finish to every juicy bite of the medium rare patty. The bbq steak sauce and caramelized onion completed the combination of the salty, sweet and tangy bbq finish. It's the MVP of the classic bbq steak burger.The Magic shroom burger is truly magical. Like pulling a rabbit out of a hat, the mayo & basil pesto is a surprise in every bite. The mushroom complimented by the texas goat cheese which added an earthy flavor to the burger. The angus beef patty is angulicious! For mushroom and basil lovers, this is the perfect love affair.The truffle fries is the best we've had so far. There is an ample amount of fries to share. It was topped with parmesan and truffle salt and served with mayo, herb and onion sauce.The caramel and sea salt shake is a good way to finish the meal. The sweetness and the very mild saltiness mixed with the cool and creamy vanilla ice cream removes the oil in your mouth from all that burger and fries. Serving is just enough to fill the gaps in your lunch appetite.Hopdoddy is my kind of a burger joint. Burgers are tasty, full of variety and just the right size. Service is good. The place is modern. Oh and by the way, they have craft beer on tap to wash down those perfect burgers.more reviews at http://themealexperience.blogspot.com/
4	My man-friend and I met up with some peeps last nights. It was pretty busy on a 7Thursday night. Happy hour is 4-7PM and 9-close Monday thru Friday. You get $2 off burgers and I think there were drink specials too. When we were there, the hostess will give you a table number. There was a pretty long line that wrapped along the bar... pretty sneaky and genius all at the same time!! The bartender takes your drink orders first and then the cashier takes your food order. I had the Lil Prick Martini... it was delicious. It was refreshing and light, not too sweet and not too  tangy. I forget what Mike got but it wasn't bad either. We shared the Buffalo Bill burger (add fried egg minus the onions) and an order of the Parmesan Truffle fries. I really liked the bison burger but they did forget to take off the onion, no biggie. The truffle fries are okay, I've had better.The staff was friendly and attentive. They cleared out our plates and brought out more drinks quickly. Definitely a pretty nice place to meet with a big group of people.
5	I can't even begin to describe how delicious these burgers are! They are so fresh and always cooked perfectly! Those buns are amazingly fresh too! The fries are nice and thin so they get super crispy. Try them with the chili cheese dip!! Shakes are the bomb, an absolute must even if you're stuffed. Chocolate stout and red velvet are our favorites. Adult drinks are good too. Love the PV tea!
5	Best burger in Scottsdale hands down, atmosphere is cool and fun, staff is friendly and the watermelon beer on tap is so good! Can't just have one!
3	We really liked Hopdoddy's fresh new variety, but found the burgers themselves a little bland.One hiccup on our visit, as others have noted, is the service. Too many unsupervised newbies and not enough chiefs on the floor. When we arrived, we were told to wait for our greeter who would then take us to our table.  Then we were told to walk up to the counter and place our order. GrrrrThe problem was exasperated, since there was no permanent greeter. The longer we waited, the more the folks behind us started getting upset since they were outside in the heat and didn't understand the holdup.  I hope it's been fixed by now.BTW, we very much liked the updated Philip Johnson style glass house architecture. Who would have ever thought of building a glass restaurant in the desert?  Incredible. Hopdoddy has a bunch of interesting choices on their menu. And, it's those choices that provide the taste for their burgers, not the meat itself. The food is very good and reminded us a great deal of a Fox Concept's Zinburger. Both offer something interesting for the palate. Expect to pay $20 each for drinks, burger and one appetizer.
4	Loved the menu options!  I'm not a burger person, but I got the Thunderbird chicken sandwich and it was delicious.  They've got a nice selection of mixed drinks and beer, and I loved the green chili queso.  I thought this place was packed when we got there, but when we left the line out the door was even longer!  Despite how busy they were, the line did move at a fairly good pace.  And you walk by the bar so you can order a drink while you're waiting in line.  To continue with what was good about this place, after we were seated with our food, our server came around frequently to refill drinks and such.  Also, being as I was pregnant and couldn't indulge in one of the delicious-looking cocktails, I indulged in a Raspberry White Chocolate shake... mmm.The "cons" I had are more "FYI" as they don't reflect poorly on the restaurant itself.  It's more of a "know your venue" type of thing.  Tip #1: This place is not the best for large groups, especially during busy times (a fact they even warn you about on their website).  It's just not set up for it.  We had a group of 8 of us, and did actually manage to get tables next to each other, but that was pretty lucky and it was still hard to have a conversation with anyone other than those at your immediate table (the tables don't push together so each table is spaced apart from the others).  Tip #2: This place is not toddler-friendly.  Or even really kid-friendly.  For several reasons.  First, you have to stand in line to order (which can be a long line if they're busy).  Never fun to stand in a narrow, crowded line with a toddler.  Second, they have no kids menu.  Not that your kids can't eat off the adult menu, but the burgers are a little pricey to get one just for your kid.  Come prepared to share, I guess.  And third, there's no real seating for kids.  Tables are high up, and not set up for either high chairs or booster seats.  Possibly the tables outside could work with a high chair, if they even have them (I didn't ask, since there was no point with our indoor tables.  I mean, those tables were tall!)Again, I want to re-iterate that those things are not "bad" things!  I mean, they were unfortunate for me and my large party with toddlers, but that's our fault for not picking a more family-friendly restaurant, and not Hopdoddy's fault.  If you're a couple with a young baby, or a family with older children, great!  Bring your kiddos!  But if you've got a large group or small children, be forewarned.
5	"Best burger in the valley" definitely describes this place! First of all, GREAT atmosphere! Such a cool interior and different idea. The service was spectacular. Our server had us laughing throughout the meal, brought drinks quickly, and provided great recommendations. The burgers were really REALLY good, and the garlic fries were amazing. I wish I had room for dessert because the shakes looked awesome. Get there early on a Friday night, the line is out the door by 6:30, but the wait is worth it!
4	The food deserves 10 stars. Such a great selection of burgers with a wide variety of proteins. Really fantastic gluten free buns. I wish they sold them by the bag too! As long as you aren't going on a Friday/Saturday night you won't have to wait in line too long. The only reason why it isn't getting 5 stars is I've noticed the service is going down hill fast... Rude girls who ignore you and choose their favorite tables. Went there with the intention of blessing someone with extra cash on the table beside the tip I left with the cashier, but our waitress wanted to take care of all the tables around us and completely ignored us. Her loss.
4	I loved this place when i was last there...a few months ago. Great burgers. I have since gone vegetarian and was looking forward to trying their veggie burger last night but when I got there at 5:30pm, they were out of veggie burgers - ? I was pretty bummed. The manager gave me a 10% discount on my next visit. So, I guess they handled it, sort of. Nice people, but I was still bummed.
5	From the burgers, rolls, sauce, fries, shakes, and drinks. This place is absolutely the best burger place in Scottsdale. Sorry Zin, you just dropped to # 2. I am driving from Cave Creek to Scottsdale often... I can't get enough of this place.. Everything I mentioned above, they make fresh everyday.
4	Good burgers! Don't typically like chain places but this place is reliable! Been at least 5 times! Staff is friendly and nice beers! Quinoa side is overpriced for portion. Would give 5 stars, but nothing is completely out of this world here... I do recommend people to go here though!
5	I love, love. love this place. the food and service are so AWESOME. it's from the same people who started Eddie V's (now owned by Darden) and Salty Sow. the burgers are crazy good. The wait staff is so killer. I cannot wait to go back. I am not a big burger person...this is my last word on burgers, though. I love this place. You have to go.Plus it's pretty cheap. That soda fountain thing is the bomb.
4	One of the better burger joints i have been to here in Arizona!
5	Just driving by and checked out on yelp and it came up as a 4 star place. They have very interesting combinations for their burgers. Mine had Fritos, chili con carne, cheddar and a well done burger. Damn was it tasty!!!  They have a unique selection of drinks too. They have one of my favorites, vanilla creame soda!!!  :D   The wife had a classic burger with bacon and a vanilla bean shake. We shared a large order of fries. The only bad thing was I didn't know they had parsley so I had to pick it off. The atmosphere in here is up scale with the set up but it is a casual dining experience. I would recommend this place if you haven't tried it yet
5	My husband and I came in today for lunch. We got amazing service from a bartender named Katie (I believe). She was very attentive and she knew the beer and menu items to the full extent. The food is amazing too. Ask about their weekly special burger. We will be coming back!
5	Place is on point! Burgers are awesome. Perfectly cooked to perfection. You have to try the truffle fries! There to die for. Great selection of beers and liquor too. Staff is very friendly and great on upsells! Place is definitely worth to check out if you're in the mood for a burger.
5	Been here twice so far. Best burger ever? Most definitely. I gotta say this is one of my favorite restaurants in AZ. The pablano burger with queso fries are my favorite items. The burger is perfectly charred, while the fries are made from Kennebec potatoes (think in n out fries). The queso is very hearty and has a ton of meat in it. It's almost like a delicious chilli. If I could, I would visit this place once a week.From what I remember all the ingredients are fresh, locally and responsibly sourced. Plus they have a bunch of local AZ beer on tap. It doesn't get any better than that! Do yourself a favor and go here.
4	I love this place it's cool, has great burgers, their shakes are to die for (I always get the Nutella chocolate pretzel) and the staff is a bunch of kids but they're all really friendly. I'd give it 5 stars if they didn't have such an annoying set up. When you first come in you don't have a hostess seat you you'll stand in line and a greeter will give you a number. Once you order you take that number and sit down. Then a totally different person introduces themselves as your waiter. Say wha? It's an annoying experience as a customer bc I kind of want to be left alone not interact with 87%of their staff. It's just a burger joint. I don't get that part but if they fix that they'll get that extra star. All in all a solid spot.
5	As my mother observed at a recent outing to Hopdoddy to celebrate her 65th year on this planet, "this place is kind of like Fudruckers." Agreed, Mom, but you forgot to mention that it's a million times better than any other patty slinging place in town.Just when you think the whole gourmet burger thing is overplayed, which it isn't, but in case you thought that, a place like this comes around and reminds you why America fell in love with the ground beef/bun combo all those years ago. Hopdoddy's offers a unique selection of burgers that don't stray too far from the classic formula, but far enough to make your taste buds sit up and take note. I was about to list some of my favorites, but they are really all so scrumptious that it's hard to single out just a few items, but take my word for it - the burgers rule.As if that weren't enough, Hoppy D's (what I'm calling it now) also has amazing fries (regular and truffle - dear god, those truffle fries) and homemade sauces for your dipping pleasure.But wait there's more. They also make milkshakes. Delicious, heavenly milkshakes that will make you wonder what you were drinking before when you thought you were drinking a milkshake.But wait...THERE'S MORE!!! Yup, they serve beer. On tap. Local. WHAT?! Crazy I know. Don't believe me? Go check it out for yourself. Tasting is believing.
5	YUM!!  I'm a big fan of Hopdoddy and I can't wait to go back many many more times.  This was my 2nd visit and it did not disappoint.  Here are the highlights...- Ambiance is cool, modern and low key.  High top tables and outdoor seating are a plus- Experience is casual but can be annoying since you stand in line to order and then they bring it to your table 20 minutes later.- Happy Hour - go after 9pm for great deals!  Or before 6pm if your schedule permits- Food - Ahi Tuna burger is delicious!  You can't go wrong with any of the options.  You can get any meat on any of the burgers so there are a ton of options.  If you like spicy - then go for the ones with poblano peppers!
1	Extremely disappointed in this place. I came in this evening for the first time with a friend of mine( who happens to own a restaurant in Scottsdale)way after the dinner rush. Ordering at the counter was easy, I chose the Bison Burger and my friend got the Ahi Tuna Burger and Truffle Fries. I was asked if medium rare was good, I said yes. As we were standing there, I noticed several already made burgers sitting under the warmers, yet the place wasn't busy enough to have that many going out to customers. No sooner had we gotten to our table and barely sat down and our Truffle  fries appeared. Now I am not a fry expert, but it takes longer than the 45 seconds it took to get to our table to make a fresh batch of fries.  My friend agreed. Ok,whatever, they are just fries.  However, not even 2 minuted later our burgers arrived. Well my friend thought it may be possible to sear the Ahi that fast but there is absolutely no way that you can cook a Bison burger to medium rare in 2 minutes.  Sure enough, it was lukewarm. It had been one of the ones sitting under the warmer. I brought it up to the manager,Mike, and he agreed it  shouldn't be lukewarm and said he would cook another.  Here comes the new one. Definitely hot and fresh. You can smell it and feel it. Now to cut into it. At first glance it looked ok until I took a bite and realized it was raw. Couldn't believe they served me raw bison. Went back to the manager again and showed him. He said he cooked it according to the time designated for medium rare. 1 min 45 seconds on each side then another 1 min 45 seconds to finish cooking. I don' t know who came up with that time table but it certainly is not enough time to cook a Bison burger. Manager apologized and was going to redo another . That one came out hot,fresh but medium well. I didn't have the heart to send it back again.The only reason I gave it 1 star was because the beer came out in a very chilled, chalice-like glass which was nice. However we had to flag down our server to bring us the other beer we had ordered. He totally forgot, said some drama was going on.Unfortunately I don't think my friend and I will be coming back. If this is how they are when it is slow, I would hate to see what it is like when it is busy.
1	So disappointed, I love burgers. This was the worst burger (the american burger) I have ever had in my life.  It was Angus beef. Tasted awful, I had to spit it out. I then ordered another kind of burger (Akoshi burger- don't know how to spell it) and that was a bit better. It tasted bad, but was at least edible. Also, the fries were too salty. I got new fries with no salt and those were tasteless. The milkshakes were disgusting- very weird awful taste. I don't know how one place could ruin almost everything, but they did it. The only thing that was good was the soda.  This review is for Hopdoddy Burger Bar on Scottsdale Rd.  My review was removed because it said my review was for someplace else but it WAS for here.  I'm sorry I had to be so harsh, but I had to warn people so they don't have such a horrible experience like I did.I've since had angus elsewhere and it was almost as bad. I guess partly, I just don't like the taste of Angus beef  However, as you can see above there was more that was bad than just that burger.
5	Good burger - fries awesome .. The ordering system is different so be prepared for a line and wait for a table .. Service is good and friendly staff .  Average burger price is 12.00!
2	I have returned twice since my first review, and feel like I got a false first impression. Both servers I've had since, have been no help, and actually didn't even talk to me to see what I may need until after my food arrived. Bad service has really killed this place. Burger is pretty greasy/ messy, but tasty.
4	This place could be 5 stars for the food & friendly staff, but it gets only 4 stars for the Rube-Goldberg-esque system that they have for queuing in line to place your order & to be seated (so many kids guiding you in what looks like a straight line to the register). Their french fries are fantastic (order them with green chile queso), their burgers are delicious, & they make a delightful milkshake in a dozen different flavors. Be sure to look at the specials, since you may not have a traditional "waiter" especially if you are seated at the bar (which works great and saves time, I'm not complaining about it).
4	My wife and I visited a couple of weeks ago, and I have to say it was really good. I got the Buffalo Bill burger with tasty bison. I have to say it was really good. However I ordered it Medium Rare and it was not pink, causing me to have to knock one star off my review. The fries were good as well. I would recommend this place, however next time I will definitely stress the medium rare part a little more.
4	This burger place just might be our new favorite. Delicious food and great service are the keys to our hearts. Paul and Matt made our experience fabulous. Everyone was most helpful. Yummy sauces and healthy fare never frozen but made on site. Try it!
4	Great fries to go along with their burgers. I"ve been trying a few burgers off their menu, and so far they have been delicious!! Will be going back soon...
1	Fries came out super fast, BUT they were cold.  Old stale fries....no thanks.The burger that we ordered "medium" hit the table and it was raw.  It looked as if the party had been seared or flash fried......no thanks.On to the chicken sandwich.  I was confused by the texture at first, I was expecting a chicken breast.  It was a chicken patty.  There were several different colors going on in this chicken patty.  There was white, pink, tan, brown, dark brown, specks of black.....no thanks.$40 later and a bunch of no thanks.No thank you, I don't like your food.  I will go spend my money at a place that serves fresh fries, burgers cooked the way I order them, and that offers a chicken sandwich NOT a chicken parts patty sandwich.
2	Management needs to purchase meat thermometers. 3 separate occasions we've been served raw meat. raw....yes, raw.  I enjoy my burger more on undercooked side, but raw is different than med-rare.  And no, I'm not culinary challenged and fully understand the various meat temps. when the burgers are cooked appropriately, they're very good.  Great fresh bun.  Fries are solid.  I will give management props for personally addressing food issues.    management, please take this review to heart.  After reading other yelp reviews, this is a common complaint. Get your act together, it's gross and dangerous.
5	Amazeballs seriously I'm a carnivore granted the burgers OMG so good. Fresh with just the right amount of saltiness and grease yes in a good way. For you PMS'ers out there it's a must have. Fries are great and according to my daughter the salted caramel milkshake was beyond good. So five stars is only fair...
3	I think if the walk up counter was gone this place would do a lot better. Waiting in line was not too fun. The person in front of us had a larger modified ticket and was totally annoying to listen to..we  did tip the counter staff and server. We were approached too many times asking if everything was "good" . Burgers were good but first basket of fries was a pile of crumbs. For $6 a basket, there should be fries not crumbs. They were replaced fast but the guy did look offended. I think the service staff really reallyyyy wanted to make a impression so they would get tipped. ( kinda like a buffet, servers hope they get something ) Six plus times asking if something was "good " was overboard. I think if it was just a regular restaurant without the counter it would keepThe servers more busy and they would not be stressing if someone was going to tip or not. I do not like being interrupted every bite I take lol. Burgers were good so don't worry on that part!
4	Absolutely love this place and look forward to every visit. I try something different each time and have always really enjoyed the food.One but of feedback, Please consider a more seamless ordering process as I end up pulling my wallet out to pay at least 3x per visit.....When ordering at the bar, entrees, and dessert.
5	Great burgers at great prices. There was a long wait but they have a waitress come around, offering to take drink orders - genius. The Shroom burger was really good. Definitely top 10 burger spot. If you're a truffle oil lover, the parmasean truffle fries are a MUST. I tried the Highway IPA which was full of flavor.
5	Excellent.  Except for when you have to wait in line toorder and they only have 2 registers.
4	Good burger, delicious, fresh fries. Be patient, order process a little drawn out for a burger place, but if your not in a hurry, worth the wait. Try the stout chocolate shake.
4	Great food and drinks! This place reminded me of a fancy Smashburger where you wait in line to order food, and they bring it to your table. Get there early of you'll need to wait in line a loooong time!
5	This place is excellent, went during happy hour on a Friday. Service was attentive, burgers were excellent and came super quick. Most burgers were about $6 during happy hour, with a buck or so off for fries and beers. Even regular price was less than expected. Look online so you know what you want to order before getting in front of line.
5	Great experience as always. Sat at the bar and had quick service. Ordered food and our fries came out no later than two minutes. I had the Greek burger as usual, although I really regret not getting the good korma burger! Love this place and wish I would eat there more often.
5	Awesome! Food was great, so much fun. The burgers were made exactly how we asked. The shakes are worth every penny-try the Red Velvet or the Raspberry White Chocolate. The truffle fries are delicious as well. Fun atmosphere, too. Great for the whole family.
4	First visit to this establishment and overall the food was tasty for gourmet burger.Here is my grade:A  Burger homemade bunA  Burger Agus BeefA  FriesA  Happy Hour specialsA Soft Drinks (Maine Root)A Quick ServiceB Atmosphere (Inside it was COLD) and lighting too darkB Customer service (some seemed less than enthusiastic, slightly punky)Think the outdoor patio looks nice and would go back when it gets warmer!!!!
2	Really don't like the concept of waiting in line to order. No greeter but the bartender tried to help. The cashier was too busy discussing how much money they made in tips to wait on us, but finally asked us what we wanted. Then I don't get a reciept and am told to go to table ??? Don't talk to me or I'll forget the number! The chairs are sooo tall I almost have to jump to get on it.... the burger was under cooked - but better than overcooked. And the whole concept is too expensive if I have to wait in a line to order. Just disapointed....
5	Absolutely one of the best burger bars that I have ever eaten. I had the Primetime burger with Texas Akaushi Beef and a Might Mule. A must have is the Parmesan Truffle Fries with Aioli sauce.
5	This is my #1 favorite hamburger restaurant of all time! I am quit particular, picky, and I have to say that my hamburger is perfect every time! All of the food I have tried is so amazing! I go here every time I need to make a deposit into my business bank account or if I have too much time in between business meetings, and often alone. The sprouts here all the best I have had anywhere! All of the staff I have meet are super friendly, helpful, and cheerful! This place is so worth the cost and drive! If I was able to eat hear at least once a week I would!
