5	I recently went to a fancy shmancy baby shower in Anthem and they had it catered by Liquid Courage. I LOVE them. The caterers were dressed professionally, and the bars they brought with them were stocked to the fullest. They poured drinks quickly, but made sure to smile and be friendly with everyone. Especially me who spent most of the baby shower, not by the baby, but by the bar! That's just the way I roll. After speaking with them and experiencing the Liquid Courage I have vowed to use them for my next event. Personally the service was top notch and I have never been so impressed by caterers before. First time for everything, but certainly not the last time I get my Liquid Courage on!!!
5	We've worked with Liquid Courage on a few occasions for events that we've planned for clients. From initial contact with Jaime to the bartenders at the events, we have always been very pleased with their excellent service and professionalism. I will always use them when we need full bar set ups or just bartenders.
5	Liquid Courage is a true pleasure to work with...as an event planner it is very important that my bar vendor not only be reliable but detail oriented, honest and truly vested in creating a memorable event experience.    I will continue to make Liquid Courage my first call.
5	A very impressive display at our Zappos "All Hands" meeting. I've yet to see a bar service keep up with Zappos employees demand for a little (O.K. a lot) of Liquid Courage :) Great job guys, and we can't wait to use you again.
5	Jaime at Liquid Courage was fantastic to work with for our wedding. She even helped us get a cheaper and better quote from our  food caterer! She was also very helpful in arranging chairs and linens that we needed for the wedding. Hiring Liquid Courage on its own as our bar caterer saved us a lot of money. Don't hire your bar service through your food caterer, as most of them will charge a high markup. Our bartender Daniel was terrific. Efficient, helpful, and friendly. He made a point to thank both me and my husband at the end of the evening before he left. I wouldn't hesitate to hire Liquid Courage for future special events and will recommend them to all my friends and family.
5	Catered my sons wedding. Prompt, courteous, excellent value. Quality liquor and wine.
5	I've worked with liquid courage and a couple of events and they are excellent. Jamie and Brennan both are professionals and I enjoy working with them I highly recommend them to anyone needing bar services!
5	Liquid Courage saved my wedding! They came through for me in a big way and kind of last minute. The planning and coordination with them was so easy. They brought everything we'd need and the bartender they sent was absolutely lovely. Thanks so much Liquid Courage!
