4	One of the best places to get a cup of coffee in the city.  Finally, the "third wave" of Barrista artistas arrived to Montreal with Art Java (first on Mont Royal and then this downtown location). A few other places have opened up since that are probably better but you still can't find better espresso drinks in the downtown area (most of the points of comparison - the chain places - don't even come close). Sandwiches are slightly overpriced (and taste like they come from the same place as Java U's) and the environment is slightly sterile/generic but the artfully decorated macchiatos hit the spot.
4	Hum, I don't know that this is a chain. It is so chic I thought it's one of the kind. :-) I have only tried white chocolate J-ice here. It is delicious! A bit expensive but worth it~ The downside of this cafe is - they do NOT have free internet what a waste....
5	My first time to Montreal, I was there for a week of meetings in the winter.  Yelp didn't seem to do Montreal then, so I checked coffee geek or something like that to find out where to get espresso while I was there.My meetings were right across the street from where I was staying, and this place was about a mile away.  Every morning I walked round-trip in the snow to get a cappuccino -- they're that good.  Really really good.  Great shots, perfect milk, straight pour with free-poured art.  The art itself isn't a big deal to me, but to do art like that, you need good foam;  so good art is a sign of good foam.One day I got a sandwich, intending to keep it for later, but it came pressed, so I ate it.  It was fantastic -- called grand-pere, and I can't remember exactly what it had in it, but I've had a couple more since then, and it comes with choice of salad (the garbanzos are really good).  The bagels are good too.  There's a little room in the back with comfy chairs, tray tables, and TV's; the music is OK.   I've been back to Montreal several times since then, and go to this Art Java location almost every day.And they definitely DO have free internet.
4	I was in Montreal for a week and this became my home away from home.Great layout, skilled baristas, high-class eatables, and more flat screen TVs than Lil Wayne's Range Rover for some reason.
5	I dunno what else to say that hasn't been said. I love coffee and I can seriously say I've had the best coffee in Montreal at this place. By coffee, I mean espresso, not drip. The Leftist espresso from their machine is sweet and delicious. Great staff who are always willing to talk coffee and answer any questions. Hit this place up. Not a lot of Starbucks which is great to see so it drives traffic to places like this. Hard to find 2 great coffee places period in Toronto without passing 25 S$ stores on the way. GO THERE! -- Their. Muffins. Are. Great.
2	Felt overdone. Service was slow with no line. Smelled like paint thinner when I was there.
2	Way cheaper than the Art Java location on Mont Royal, but service and food are also a tad more basic. The wifi is much better however, even at peak hours (the Mont Royal location only offers a mediocre/erratic Ile Sans Fil wifi access).
2	It looked artsy and independent from the outside, but once inside I realized they were trying way too hard.  The person who took my order didn't do more than just grunt to me and didn't tell me that I could pick up my drink along a separate wall.  It was a bustling Saturday afternoon and the place was empty.  You would have thought he'd been more happy to see me.When the barista handed me my drink I realized they'd gotten my order wrong.  Somehow, my order for iced coffee became a chai latte.  I can't really blame the French/English barrier here as they were both speaking to each other in English.  When I pointed out that my order was incorrect.  He sighed and said that he wouldn't be able to redo it until his manager came back because it was a different price and he didn't have the authority to change it in the till.  What?Not knowing when he'd be back, I decided just to leave and make my way back to the hotel...in 90 degree F weather...with a piping hot chai latte.What saves this from the 1 star category is that I'll admit that it was a darn good chai latte!  Spicy and frothy at the same time.  I would have liked it much better on a chilly day, but I'll take it.
4	Latte art is precious - or at least that's what I realized in most of my cafe wanderings. My americano was one of the better ones I tasted in Montreal and my lemon poppy seed muffin was moist. I was there just before a lunch rush where the paninis looked fresh and the clientele looked social, if not a bit on the corporate side.What really gives Art Java bonus points is the ample seating and wi-fi. For that, I say merci beaucoup!
5	Amazing cappuccino!! Free wifi. I would definitely go back.
5	For coffee nuts or west-coast transplants, this place is a must. They use Vancouver's own JJ Bean product, they use actual barista-grade soy milk (not the cereal-tasting stuff) and the staff clearly know how to make specialty coffee drinks. (The croissants are also baked on site each morning, which is basically worth another star by itself.)The luxury seating area is also a nice plus for people who want to just sit and read or talk, and you've got free 2.4/5GHz WiFi N.  What's not to like?
5	The latte was so good that I had to dish out my first 5 star for a coffee shop. The latte they serve was truly exceptional....even when I order it iced. (I draw my line for iced latte at about 20 below freezing) I have no idea where they got a croissant from, but that was incredible as well. It's hard to imagine this being a chain store. I'm a huge fan of croissants, and their croissants are well layered with buttery flakes. This can't be good for my health, but it's utterly delicious for my taste buds.This is going to break my starbucks addiction while I'm in montreal.
3	Not bad. The quality is very inconsistent.
5	Art Java had me at the first sip. Ever since, I have been addicted to their fantastic lattes.Their foam is rich and dense - It is literally to DIE for!
5	Loved it :-) The latte was amazing and I can't stop thinking about the delicious soup I had that day. The weather was super cold and a warm bowl of soup was just what I needed. Delicious! I hope to visit this place in the near future :)
4	Had a quick meal here -- ham and cheese on a croissant - and it was delicious.  Fabulous croissant.  Free wifi, great location and all in all, a very nice break.
4	My first thought after the first sip of their Latte: I'm not going to Starbucks anymore.My latte's ratio of steam/milk was just perfect, and the barista was hasty and efficient during the preparation and seemed very experienced. The latte was slightly expensive, but definitely not overpriced.Also had the Tomato and Garlic Soup, which was pretty mediocre, and it was slightly cold. The Milanais Sandwich, on the other hand, was quite tasty and full of flavours.The interior ambiance is great, and the decors were very nice, good for lunch or to enjoy a cup of coffee.
4	Good coffee, good espresso, tastey food. Not too pricey, but expect to pay a little more for the deliciousness. Good environment for working especially when the rush is off. Casual music. For some reason they have a bunch of TVs with the food network on (muted). Never really understood that. Sometimes a line builds up when they are under staffed.
4	Searching for a perfect cup of Cappuccino is not that easy in Montreal.. Maybe I am just too picky but I found the few I have been too either too mild, too frothy, too sour, until I have the cappuccino at Caffe Art Java.One of the best cup I had. The vibe though might be a little commercial but the drinks and the latte art is definitely exceed my expectation!There is also a more quiet room at the back if you want more privacy without listening to the barista talking about their weekend plans..Free wifi!I will be back!
5	The actual coffee is worth 4 stars but the employees push this place over the edge to give it that one extra star. The coffee here is definitely enjoyable. Take it from a self professed coffee snob, it's good. I've been popping in regularly for the past 7 years on my occasional trips to Montreal and it still is my favorite coffee spot in the area. As with any other place, it depends on how good your barista is. And John Bigsby is one of the best. But I'm sure he'll move on to bigger and better things soon. But this place will almost remain rock solid.
5	So wonderful we stopped here twice on our vacation. Excellent chai lattes and americanos. Delicious croissants. We weren't able to get on the free wifi (must be a password), but no big deal. I definitely recommend.
3	I stopped by this place for breakfast earlier today. Good coffee, quick service, and close to my hotel (delta Montreal). The croissant was alright, I was expecting a little more there. A homeless person came in and caused a small scene, which was handled right away. All in all a good experience.
5	Been coming here for 6 months since moving back from Australia where the coffee  culture is competitive - the coffee here is on par with the best baristas have to offer in Brisbane, Melbourne or Sydney - well recommended for lattes and a healthy lunch :-) - service is always with a smile too @-@
4	It used to b amazing, still is pretty good. Cappuccinos were the best in town but they seem to have redefined the formulations of lattes and cappuccinos since they got taken over by the owners of the other downtown AJ. If you used to like cappuccinos, go for the lattes now. Cappuccinos are much stronger than they used to be.
3	As with most coffee shops here, the coffee is delicious and very reasonably priced. My friend and I ducked over for a break during our visit to the Musee McCord just a block or two away. We had croissants, too -- the almond version was decadent and rich, perfect fuel for a day of walking the beautiful streets of Montreal!
3	The coffee was decent. Definitely better  than Starbucks, but not as good as what I have at most independent cafes. For some reason, because of their name, I was expecting really good latte art, but it wasn't anything special. I won't ding them for this, as I don't really care about latte art, and also my expectation may have been unwarranted. Prices are very slightly higher than what I'm used to paying ($4 for a cappuccino). It's a pretty big space with lots of seating and also free wifi. Staff also seem friendly. I'd return if I was looking for somewhere to kill some time. But I won't come back just for the coffee.
