1	The billing department  is a joke!!! Everything with the Doctor was fine. I had a question with a bill and called several times, they are never in and do not return calls.  now i have a collection agency calling me.  So not only do I have to pay a bill that I can't get clarification on, but now I have to pay a collection fee!!
1	Same problem as the earlier reviewer, but with even worse results.The doctor (Dr. Bronstein) and PTs were great. Billing was a nightmare and you should consider this before becoming a patient.I received one statement after my insurance paid its portion. It showed a balance that did not make sense, so I called and left a message requesting more information. Instead of replying, they turned the roughly $30 bill over to a collection agency a few days later. Yes, that's right. One statement showing a current amount was turned over for collection.I requested information via the collection agency, since I had records of payments made for the items turned over for collection, and the Hand Center billing office refused to provide back up material. Since the collection agency said they would report this to the credit bureaus (despite it appearing to be a bogus claim for which no documentation was provided) I ended up paying.I see there is also a complaint filed with the Better Business Bureau for billing problems with the Hand Center. Maybe this is common.Like the other reviewer, the medical care was first rate, but you should probably avoid Bronstein Hand Center.
1	The care is good but always a wait in the waiting room for Dr. Bronstein. Today they allowed people to keep their appointments when coming in late and put them in front of the on time people. This came first hand information from the reception desk. As always the ones who do it right are punished while the others that are late are rewarded. Been waiting over 1:30 in the waiting room. Still have 6 in front of me.
5	I was referred to this clinic by my neurologist who based on the test he did was convinced that I would need carpal tunnel surgery.  He tried to make me feel better by letting me know Dr. Bronstein did his wife's surgery also.  The few times I went there the waiting room was extremely crowded but it's a doctor's office so sort of expected.  On one visit upon check in the receptionist let me know that the doctor had an emergency and gave me the option of rescheduling and I appreciated that courtesy.  Although my neurologist thought my test results meant surgery ASAP, Dr. Bronstein was more conservative in my treatment and basically just provided me with information, exercises, and tools to alleviate my issues and so far I am happy with that.
3	Best Doc in town. Over booked and understaffed. As a result, being a patient can be a sometimes long and painful endurance process. Dr. Bronstein is a good guy and a fine doctor. Sadly the support staff doesn't offer much so be aware before you go.
