4	Snatched a fresh Churchill ($7.30) from the humidor and had a great conversation with the Canadian-born owner and his wife, nice people...I stayed long enuf to watch Wildcats eat up the Gators...it's all good!
2	Nice owner nice concept but horrible hand made maduro.   Cigar had a horrible draw and would not burn.  Sad to say I was hoping this would be a nice surprise but I am very disappointed.
5	Cool place!  Looks to be a brand new lounge/cigar store.  They had a nice selection in the humidor plus they hand roll cigars on site.  You can chat with the master cigar roller, Antonio.   I bought a Toro size cigar with a Maduro wrapper and it was well constructed, seemed to be aged properly, and tasted flipping awesome!  I have never been big on "house brand" cigars but that's not what this cigar was. The lounge is full of comfortable, rich looking leather chairs, plenty of tables for your ashtray and drink.  2 or 3 big flat screens, iPod/cell charging station and free WiFi too.Location was convenient for me as well, right off of the strip and highway on Sahara.  Will definitely go back next time I am in Vegas.
4	I stopped by this place in October and left inside 1 minute. It was terrible, so I saw new owners and new management and decided to check it out again. Loved it! Super nice setup now. Lots of LCDs, good smokes, and they are getting Hookah too. I am going to be a regular for sure! Check it out!
5	This place Rocks!!!!  You have to visit this place, hand rolled cigars, Outstanding owner/host and some of the best cigars I have ever had!  Everyone was friendly and greeted you whether they knew you or not.  Definitely the ambiance gem of Las Vagas.
5	Mike and the crew at En Fuego are some super cool cats!  I came in for the first time a few days ago when they had an event with free beer and give aways, which was awesome!  BUT their prices, quality of in house sticks and great atmosphere are guaranteed to keep me coming back. In fact, I'm writing this review as I sit here and watch the first 49er's preseason game. AND Mike offered me free beer from the event the other night! I'm officially HOOKED on this place!
5	As being a resident of Las Vegas for the last 15 years I had visited this cigar shoppe previously.I wasn't impressed.Since the new owner took it over in Feb of 2012 it is an entire new place.Classy furniture,2 big screen televisions,Wi-Fi,game tables and a new ventilation system.It is not a smokey atmosphere at all.The new owner Michael is friendly and will walk you through the making of the cigars with you the customer being introduced to the roller who has been doing it for many years.The shop carries  hand rolled in many sizes, maduro or natural and even with sweets.The hand rolled cigars are from $4-$8 and are are way under priced for the quality.I brought the owner of my company who was in from Tenn.,he was so impressed with the quality he bought 4 boxes and buys a few boxes every month.They also carry familar name brands at competitive prices.It has become my home away from home since Michael makes everyone feel like family.I was told that starting this week they are going to have the Sunday football package from Direct TV,so I know where I will be every Sunday.
5	I visited El Fuego looking for a special gift for someone and it had to be VERY good as it was for someone I deeply admire and respect...and second best would not suffice. A friend referred me here, and it turns out his advice to come here was spot on. When I walked in I didn't have to wait even 10 seconds before I was greeted with a smile. As I explained I was there with the intent to buy a gift for someone but had little knowledge of cigars, I was introduced to a member of the staff who took me back into the humidor and without attitude proceeded to teach me a LOT in a just a few minutes. I ended up with 3 nice cigars and they even tossed in a 4th one, and I made sure to buy one of their rolled onsite ones. While I was impressed, my opinion is not the one that mattered here. When presented, the reaction, the smile, the knowing smile told me I made the right choice by visiting El Fuego. And 48 hours later I get a text message saying THANK YOU AGAIN and raving about how awesome the cigars are. 5 FULLY EARNED STARS: Excellent Service, Selection, Price, and Quality. And for helping me to deliver a seriously high quality birthday gift of distinction! I will be back for myself next time...and sooner rather than later. Thank You El Fuego for opening the door to a world I had misconceptions about, and doing so without any attitude.
5	I have been to many cigar shoppes throughout Las Vegas and Arizona and most just are not orientated to making you want to stay after purchasing the cigar.En Fuego teaches you about cigars but the owner and the regulars make you feel like family quickly.The selection is excellent.Many choices of their on site roller's cigars that are very well priced.They also carry many name brands.They recently brought in a special blend that they created themselves called "For You" which is a  fantastic cigar.I have been to several of their parties which have been great fun but do enjoy the most watching the games over the weekend.I took the owner of my company who happens to live in Tenn, to En Fuego  a few months ago and he loved it so much he had them ship three boxes to him.Michael the owner is not only a cigar shop owner ,he loves cigars and can educate everyone from the novice to someone smoking cigars for 20 years.The only place I go to or refer my friends.
5	Mike A is the man. They roll their own cigars as well as having a decent selection of premium cigars. Leather couches, espresso machines, flat screen TV's... can you say Man Cave?  top notch service.  highly recommend~
5	I was in town on business looking for a place to smoke a cigar and found this place!  Great cigars, accessories, and the most comfortable chairs we found in Vegas!  Met the owner, Mike, great guy looking forward to visiting in the future!!
4	Michael was very friendly and helpful in recommending some cigars. Since we'd just finished some arduous training with the Navy, he included a couple free cigars for us. Will definitely visit again next time I'm in town.
5	This place is awesome!  A good friend introduced me to the place and got me started smoking cigars.  Michael (the owner) is a very cool guy that is always very helpful when i have questions about cigars, storage, recommendations, etc.  the place is very relaxed and i always enjoy putting my feet up and burning a stick while i'm there.  anybody that enjoys a good cigar and wants a friendly, comfortable environment to enjoy it in, should definitely check out en fuego.
4	Nice little cigar spot.  Went here with some business partners a couple of weeks ago.  Nice selection, respectable prices.  Great atmosphere and the people in there were personable and polite.  Very knowledgable on cigars and the different types and quality of each cigar.  I love smoking cigars and whenever I visit a new cigar spot, I like to ask questions to see if the people in there actually know there stuff.  These guys absolutely knew what they were doing and answered every question without hesitation.
5	I came here with a group of my old high school buddies on a guys trip and had a great time! This place has a great selection of smokes and a great atmosphere (great TVs and relaxing chairs). The owner and staff were friendly and knowledgeable as well. I highly recommend this spot if you're looking for something to do before going out in Vegas.
5	I highly recommend En Fuego for anyone looking for a relaxing place to enjoy a cigar, regardless of your smoking experience. I don't smoke often so it was great to have Mike, the owner, give me a breakdown on all the cigars and help me decide which would be best for me. He makes you feel at home with offerings of beer and snacks while you puff. There are plenty of nice lounge chairs and sports on the TVs which makes the experience even more enjoyable, especially with a group of friends. Thanks to Mike and his awesome shop, I'll be going back anytime I'm in Vegas.
5	Had a good time here lounging on sofas, smoking stogies, and downing brews with friends on my last Vegas trip. This place was very relaxing and friendly. Cigars are hand-rolled on site and the owner was welcoming and treated us like family. A great place to hit up and unwind a little for an hour or two.
5	I was in town on business, and had nothing to do in Las Vegas on a sunday. I wanted to avoid the overpriced/pretentious cigar shops which (aren't bad at all) within the casino/strip scene, I highly recommend En Fuego Cigars off Sahara Ave. I got a tip from a bartender at the Wynn about this place, and upon arrival, I see they have a whole setup where they roll their own stuff. Of course I had to try a house stick, and it was fantastic... En Fuego Cigar is their label, enfuegolasvegas.comScott who was the guy managing it, was super nice, and in a blink of an eye, I was there for 3 hours, hanging out with a great bunch of guys. I walked out of there with a sampler of their house brand, and already it's on my re-order list!!!!! Michael the owner was very cool to insure I was a happy customer!!
5	we moved here from southern California just a few months ago and somehow bypassed this place  when we went on a scavenger hunt for a great cigar lounge.... well, you know what they say, "save the best for last".... the service was absolutely fantastic... the selection they carry is great, not to mention their hand rolled cigars they make right there in the shop.... super awesome place, highly recommend it to locals as well as visitors.... A VEGAS MUST!!!!
5	This place is incredible! Michael and his team know what they're doing and have provided a relaxing, home-like atmosphere to spend some time and unwind. Highly recommend.
5	Came here as part of a weekend stay in Vegas after hearing so many great things about this place from friends and on the social networks. Right when I walked in, Michael the owner kindly greeted me and my large group of friends. He offered free drinks and gifted us a 4U house blend cigar and 3 Culebra! Wow! One of his patrons Brian then greeted us and offered some free sticks as well.  Hospitality is unmatched here!Their lounge area is clean and big enough to throw large parties and events. Their walkin humidor has a great selection. I highly recommend their house blends especially the boxter and the 4U!
5	En Fuego is quickly becoming my go to cigar spot on the strip. Minutes from the strip but without the strip prices.Their Humidor is Packed to the gills with some very hard to find sticks, plus some amazing home blends. They have a great lounge with 2 TVs (and the sunday ticket), Leather Chairs, A Poker Table, Some Couches, and a some kick ass other stuff. It's a great place to duck in and grab a smoke, but it's an even better place to hang out and enjoy a smoke. I have a feeling this will be my go to spot for a cigar and football games on sundays.
5	My boyfriend chose to check out En Fuego based on all the positive reviews he had read prior to our Vegas trip. As soon as we walked in the door we were kindly greeted  by a group of guys smoking in their comfy chairs. Michael introduced himself as the owner and if we had any questions to let him know.We made our way to the cigar room and he gave us some space and then popped in and was extremely friendly and helpful in answering our questions. Made wonderful suggestions on branching out of the fruity flavors I've been used to smoking. We chatted about life and had a really great, comfortable connection with Michael. We chose two cigars each and he gifted us 1 cigar each - so generous! We also had the privilege to watch how the cigars are rolled by his business partner which I had never seen before. Very awesome experience!!! We will definitely be making time to smoke with Michael on our next Vegas trip.
5	Always a great experience when we come here. It's part of our routine whenever we're in town. Michael is always so friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable, and it's a no-pressure environment.  They let you take your time and don't try to up-sell you. I sit in a comfy chair while I let my husband take as much time as he needs to look at what's in the humidor. He's been happy with every cigar he buys for himself and for friends. Michael always hooks me up with a couple empty cigar boxes for my craft projects.
5	Great cigar lounge just off Las Vegas Blvd on Sahara.This is the most comfortable lounge in Las Vegas!It's a large lounge with big leather lounge chairs and two TVs.  They produce their own cigars and carry a great selection of other brands, including many desirable boutique cigars.  It's a great place to spend some time for both locals a visitors.
5	I just love it when someone is so passionate about cigars that they just own a cigar lounge to provide a haven for all of us cigar enthusiasts. Michael's field of dream. Make time to burn.
5	Great place! My first time here and it will definitely  be stop every time I visit LV. Mike the owner is really friendly and makes you feel most welcomed. Cigar selection is outstanding along with their own rolled ones. I actually smoked their maduro stick both visits today. We came in the morning after breakfast and after lunch. Don't pass this place up!!!
5	Great hand rolled cigars comfortable couches and a great environment to relax and enjoy your cigar
1	An obvious trap for the non cigar smoker; a poor assortment of third party(that is to say,established and known cigar brand) and a heavy sales push towards their overpriced in house branded cigars of dubious quality. Their lounge is fairly simplistic and is located right at entrance of the shop - meaning no privacy during business conversations nor any peace and quiet away from the hustle and bustle of the front register and the shops sales pitches. They sell an abnormal amount of soft apparel with the aim towards the witless tourist that wants to pay to advertise that he paid $12 for one of their in house branded cigars. Any of the sort apparel that you might buy(tshirts, cape, soft pants(?!?)) will have been stored right next to the minute smoking lounge area, meaning that even a hardcore cigar smoker will balk at packing anything from there down in his luggage before he heads to the next convention. The store personnel(owner?) was geared only towards selling their own branded stock with no convincing pitch or notion of what the smoker was used to or wanted - this said stock stated at about $9 and topped out at around $12 plus tax. A bit steep for an untried card, especially when you have, although a poor selection, some known brand for the same, if not less, amount to choose from. On the whole, a lacklustering experience that does not stand to be repeated.
4	En Fuego is close to most hotels since it's right off LV Blvd. and Sahara so it's a plus for tourist, but it's in a small shopping center that's fairly easy to slip in and out of for residents. Humidor is neatly laid out with pretty decent selection. There were a few harder to find things in there like the LFD box pressed Limitados and some sticks I haven't seen before like the Gonzo Vintage 2007 but they range from favorites to rarities in various price range. Even though they are by the strip, the prices are what you'll expect in a B&M outside of the tourist range. They do their own cigars as well that range from $4- $12 and have interesting offerings like a culebra that most te. The drawback for me is when you roll your own, there tends to be a ammonia smell and it seemed the humidor is attached to a room that is part storage for their handmade and also looks to be a rolling laboratory.It doesn't hurt the cigars, it just messes with the olefactory while in there. We bought 5 stogies to take home. I picked things in plastic so we can smoke that night than box it in case it has any traces of that fresh ammonia smell.The guy helping us was pretty friendly. Let us have time to browse, came in the humidor and showed us a few of his current favorites and then left us to browse some more and muddle our options since we can sometimes get indecisive since we tend to want to buy all the things. The place itself had a bunch of lounging space so a decent spot to smoke. They have features like a charging station, a poker table, TVs with sports going and some signs seem to indicate they do events during sports games. We didn't smoke in this visit so I can't comment on what it's like to hang out. The guy helping us was really encouraging of us smoking and talking cigars so it seems like it would be a good place to hang and talk hobby. Good first visit and will be back sometime to smoke here.
5	I've been in Vegas about as long as En Fuego has been owned by Michael. I can't believe this is the first time I've Yelped him. Anyway, great lounge, very comfortable atmosphere and friendly knowledgeable staff.  Make sure to visit when you are in Vegas.. Also, keep in touch for when he throws parties.. always awesome, great crowd and I'll throw a few pics of past parties.
5	Had a great time at En Fuego. Good prices on good cigars and a great environment,  We walked in to grab a quick stick to go, but everyone was so nice that we wound up staying for hours, then coming back a couple of days later, A great place to slow down after the chaos of the casinos. If youre looking for and ultra modern hipster lounge, this aint it, but if you want a good time with good people theres not much better,
5	What can I say that has not already been said. This is absolutely the best cigar / men's hangout in Las Vegas. The owner is just the greatest guy and very knowledgeable. Great job en fuego.
5	Nice, small shop located just West of the corner of Sahara & Las Vegas Blvd. Friendly & helpful staff. Resonable prices.
5	This place is defined solely by the word 'awesome'. A nice, inexpensive selection of a variety of tasty cigars which happens to include company just as great. I always prefer to purchase a cigar, sit down with some drinks and this place offers just that. En Fuego will continue to have my patronage until it closes down.
1	Stopped by this place during a recent Vegas trip after a few local cigar guys told me about it (they said it had a nice lounge)First, I am a person that travels with cigars, in part because I like good cigars, but I don't like to pay tourist trap prices.  But you don't walk into a cigar shop to smoke and not buy something, that's just bad form.The humidor is tiny, about half of it is their custom rolled, the prices are higher than they should be (not Casa high, but more than MSRP and NV tax)What really got to me was they were filming something, and kept telling people sitting in the lounge that we needed to keep quiet so they wouldn't hear us on the tape.  When they stopped filming, the production staff was calling women to come in to be part of the crowd shots.A cigar lounge where they don't want you to talk?  Cigars are social, a lounge that you can't sit down and strike up a conversation with the other people around you?  Not a place I will go back to
5	Enfuego is like Cheers, only for cigar smokers. The selection of unique and boutique blends is better than any humidor in town.This place is awesome!
5	Very friendly staff and clientele.  Prices are reasonable, even lower than what I found elsewhere on the strip.
4	Great selection of cigars and very comfortable and clean lounge. Prices are a little high compared to small local shops but for being in Vegas they are very reasonable compared to the casino cigar shops. Skip the casino shops and come here for hard to find boutique brands straight from the trade show floor. I will definitely be coming back.
5	Love this place. Great cigars. Nice folks and free candy. Michael the owner is a prince if a guy. The new 4U cigars is the new star of the place. Check it out. Totally worth it.
5	Best in vegas by far! Great premium selection plus their own custom rolled blend which is world class. Come by everyone welcomed, bar next door toGet drinks, steal house on other side, sports on the TV screens, over 15 seat lounge. Can't beat it.
5	I heard about the lounge on LinkedIn and checked it out with a friend and loved it.  I have been back around 20 times either by myself or with friends and have found it a great place to hang out an unwind after work.  I especially liked the 4U and the Michael Antoni and bought a box of each.
