4	For over two years now I have been giving blood at this donor centre. Located not far from the university of Edinburgh's central campus on George Square, this is a great place to give blood. The staff are all very friendly indeed and always have some great banter when you are on the drip. Indeed, this helps any nervous people coming into the centre as well. And when you are finished one can nibble on a selection of biscuits and have a coffee or an orange juice. However, one piece of advice I should pass on is that you should not drink the day you give blood, after a couple of pints down at Fountain Park my mate found out that giving blood and drinking fosters do not go well together! Giving blood is a great thing and goes towards helping people, and even saving peoples' lives! Three times a year, doesn't sound that much to be honest! So go on, go and do your good deed for the day!
4	The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars, though I kinda believe it does actually deserve 5 stars. I just resent them for not wanting my blood. You see, according to them, there's the possibility of my having a really really really really rare disease that is hereditary and tropical. I am Brazilian, so are my mother and father. So I was denied the possibility of donating. How rude. BUT! They were actually quite sweet about it, having seen that my feelings were quite hurt (I mean, I'm sure my blood is awesome, and it's O-, so why would they not want it?), they gave me tea and biscuits anyway, as I waited for my friend with the acceptable blood to come out from her session. I think everyone should go there. Out of a sense of duty. And so that I can have a break from hearing the constant adverts on the radio and on Spotify about how I should be a better citizen and donate blood. I mean, I tried, for godssake, I tried!
5	ok, i work for this organisation so my review might be a bit biased.  i'm not based at this site, but through my department have a lot of contact with the lovely staff that work here!  they are always super friendly and when i do occassionally turn up to work here they are so welcoming and there are loads of offers of cups of tea :)i've never given blood, but from passing through the centre during opening times i can assure that these staff are very professional and take their job seriously.  so of course, it's 5 stars from me!
4	Went to give blood for the first time (outside of NZ) today with a few other Yelp girls.. All the staff were friendly.. I felt super at ease the entire time.. My nurse/minder while I was giving blood was really chatty... lots of them complimented my shoes (WIN!)...Then there was juice/tea/coffee and biscuits at the end.. What's not to like?!Will have to get into the habit of donating regularly again!!
5	I've tried to give blood a few times over the years, but this has usually been back West, so last week was my first visit to the Edinburgh Blood Donor Centre in Lauriston Place. Conveniently there are some late night openings so this worked out well for our little gang of Yelpers who went to donate.Staff are professional - a detailed form is to be completed and then this will be checked in private by one of the nurses, double checking any details or medical issues which may need to be clarified. It is best to check the website before attending as often travel and medical treatment may rule you out of donating for a few months.Staff were really friendly. I had issues in donating - it all started off so well and then the needle wouldn't sit properly in my lousy veins so I had to stop after about 1/2 pint. There is a 15 minute deadline in which to get blood and I was taking too long but medical research doesn't miss out on the sample I managed.Throughout, staff were reassuring, telling me to try again in a few months and then I was dispatched to have some juice. Tea and biscuits were also on offer, though if you are gluten free then take your own biscuits. So, I'll go back to try again to donate - not scary at all and staff were so reassuring that I would even go back to donate by myself, rather than feeling I need strength in numbers.
4	I've only recently become able to give blood, as I'd previously been under the minimum weight limit, but when Christmas came and went and I found myself teetering at the limit I decided that before I lose any weight I'd go and give blood.I had a look on the website beforehand and realised I was unable to book a slot online (I believe this is possible with the Glasgow centre), so I decided just to show up at 11am on a Saturday. Which was a silly idea as of course they were very busy at this time, particularly so as a large group of friends had all arrived together.  It turns out that regular donors get fast-tracked, which was frustrating as I sat in the waiting area for an hour seeing people who had only just come in get seen near enough straight away. I did ask about this a couple of times, and eventually I was told it was because I'm a new donor. I completely understand this, but it ought to have been explained to myself and the other new donors who had to wait a very long time when we first arrived, as it is off-putting and frustrating. That's the only reason it's not getting 5 stars really.When I was eventually seen the nurses were friendly and helpful, though a little concerned because of my slightness.  All risks were explained to me, and they were happy to let me go ahead if I was happy to, which I was. I was advised to go and drink some water before heading through to the donor suite, which I did, and when I arrived in the suite I only had to wait a couple of minutes before being shown to a bed myself.  The donation took ten minutes or so (it won't take longer than fifteen as the machine cuts out after then). Unfortunately for me the needle had gone in next to a nerve, so it was really rather painful, but a couple of pumps of the ligature dulled the pain sufficiently to let me continue.  And after I'd donated when I felt a bit faint, I got to be tipped upside down - fun!And then it's on to refreshments, juice, tea, coffee and as much Tunnock's as you can fit in your mouth. A welcome reward for a good deed.  Assuming I am still able to give blood in a few months' time I will, as I know the pain I experienced is rare, and if I'm able to help save someone's life for only a few minutes' discomfort to myself I'm more than happy to! Why wouldn't anyone?!
