4	If you want to start a business and file for a LLC, this is where you need to go if you want to expedite your paperwork.  When you file for a LLC you can either send it in via snail mail or come here for expedited service, which costs more money.  Nevada is a great state to incorporate.....there are so many favorable laws for corporations here, I'm surprised there aren't more people setting up businesses in our state.The office is located on the 5th Floor of the Grant Sawyer Building.  The office is small and can get very busy.  You wait in a line until they call you up to the counter.  In order to save you some time, be sure to complete your paperwork BEFORE you come here.....I've seen people wait in line for 10-15 min only to be given paperwork to fill out and then told to wait in the line again.  Be prepared people!Once you get to the counter the service is pretty quick.  You pay your fee(s), get your receipt, and you're done.  Very efficient.I took a Star off because of the small, cramped area that you wait in and because they only offer expedited service here.  Why not offer both?Will I return?  Next company I start, you bet!
5	Pretty easy to get to and the building is well planned. It's very easy to navigate and surprisingly the staff is friendly! FYI they except cash or checks only!
4	Considering they are government workers, they offer pretty good service. I did call once and they gave me incorrect advise on the price. Considering there was only one  small mistake in over TEN years, I was say it's pretty good service
5	Service is great and efficient.  We went around 830 and there was no waiting.  We made the mistake of going to the county building and they corrected us and told us to come to the state building and file with the Secretary of State.Just FYI it cost us 200 dollars to file for the business license.  A few years ago you just needed a county license....now you need both.  About a 400 dollar hit....be prepared.
5	As far as government buildings go this place is actually quite nice. It is not hard to find and the parking lot is large. A big plus is, you do not have to meter, which I was afraid I was going to have to do. The structure itself is fairly modern, the inside is cavernous and minimal in design. There's a few different entrances so if you go in one entrance you may end up in a hallway of doom and not know where you are at all (this happened to me).Fortunately the security guard was more than happy to direct me to where I was headed and even walked me halfway down a few of the winding hallways so I wouldn't get lost.I came here for an assessment for a job. I'm not sure what else goes on in here, but if for some reason you have business to do here, at least it is a clean, well-kept building, and there is no security to go through either, so that's a plus.
