5	First time at this wash. I was always curious about the place since i pass this business a few times a week. Took it in for a wash @ $20. That price included armor all on the tires, vacuum, clean all windows (inside and out), armor all the inside dash and where ever else needed, and an air freshner of your choice, all under 20 minutes. I was really amazed with how my car really sparkled and was super clean on the inside as well. lol...Im now there new customer and will be as long as there here. I would recommend this place, they did a great job for a good round price and all under 20 min. Keep up the good work!
1	First time they scratched my truck... Second chance I sat in line for 5 minutes. No one greeted me so I left.
1	I have been a long time weekly customer of this car wash. There have been a few instances where the wait was a little long.  However, today they lost a customer, "Me". I took my car for an oil change and wash to discover my IPOD was stolen from my center console. The first indication was when I turned my tuner back on and it stated, "No connection".  I quickly looked in the center console to discover it had been gone through and was a mess. There was a disconnected charger and no IPOD. I should have removed it from the car but on the other hand, I should not have to. I reported it to the manager and he could care less. He gave me a 10% discount card. How nice of him...
1	I reached out to the community about the incident... apparently I am not the only one.Please see the comments below. I have also filed a complaint with the BBB.1) I stopped going there when they stole the quarters out of my tray!  no big deal of course as far as the loss!  i phoned the manager when i got home and he said nothing he could do.  i said i just wanted you to know you hired a thief.  funny thing is when i was called and walked to the car, i handed the girl $2 and she had the guiltiest look on her face.  i didn't get it at the time!  glad you sent out a notice to everyone on this!  2) We had started to go there when we first got in town - but realized that our car would be out of sight for too long of a length of time and we had just driven from Seattle and had lots of valueable in our car.  Besideswe noticed how the workers kept watching us which made us feel very uncomfortable.  We changed our mind and I am glad we did. I am so sorry to hear about what happen to your daughter.  However if I were her I would write a letter to "Better Business Burea." (?)I am sure that she is not the only one that this has happen too.  Others need to see what happen to her posted elsewhere.  That will affect their business.I think that she would be surprise to find that this has happen to many more people.  That's if this company is a member of "BBB."***NOTE*** This car wash is located on Dysart/McDowell in Avondale, AZ***They sold a groupon a week ago for $29.00.. BUYER BEWARE!!!!
3	At least the people that buffed and waxed my truck did a decent job!
2	I am pretty disappointed in the quality of the service I got. I paid $15.99 which was supposed to include vacuuming and a light dusting plus fragrance inside and bug removal outside. What a joke. The floor mats were partially done and one side put back upside down. I think they maybe wiped the dash only and no fragrance. On the outside bugs galore still on the front bumper. On the plus side my windows and mirrors were really clean. I guess I will continue my search for a good car wash.
5	Took my car in today and they did a wax and buff which made the car shine.  It was a bit pricey (120) but we'll worth it as they cleaned the interior, tires and made the car paint shine again. Very happy and will take it back in a few months to do it again
3	Went in yesterday for the Platinum (I think) wash. Whatever the $25 one is. They did an ok job. It seems like it's impossible to find a place that actually does a good wash anymore but this one wasn't too bad. Sad part is that I was watching the prep before the car went through the machine and the truck in line before me got about 10 minutes worth of pre-treatment while my car got about 1 minute. Considering how slow they were, I'm not sure what the deal with that is. Oh well.
5	Went in today with my husband to get a oil change and a car wash . I must say I was worried after reading some of the reviews here but the wait time at the dealership was way too long today. The car came out very clean considering the mess it was in before I got there and the oil change plus replace all my filters took about 20 minutes but the best part was the manager (Xavier I believe this name was ) explained everything that was going on with my car and did not did me like a complete idiot just because I am a woman, he took his time to explain why my car needs certain things and what is not needed to be done yet  . You have won a customer for life thanks
5	I had the works car wash yesterday. They did such a good job it was like a mini detail. The inside of my car was really dirty and needed help. I thought they spent the right amount of time to do a thorough job. I'll definitely return.
2	They kind of washed my truck. It sucked. The wash, the service all of it. There is some fat guy that looks like porky the pig who writes the wash tickets. He will throw a fit and call you a tightwad if you don't want to upgrade to the mega stupid expensive wash. Don't go here find a donation car wash or anything drive through a sprinkler this place is the worst!
4	This place is pretty nice fairly priced and they do a great job!!Staff is very friendly and helpful....very clean bathroom and convenient store to relax in.It's prolly bc of the weekend but the wait time was pretty close to an hour to get the car cleaned...not use to that but the car looked great and they worked hard :-) Gave the 3 stars bc they should have the staff to speed up the cars through but that's just me.I would come back for sure just not when it's so bizzy lol.The air freshener black Ice the best one!! Car smells soo good.Vacuumed every thing out all the sand n flowers so my car was nice n black n shiny for $20I don't mind the wait...preferably no wait but oh well what can you do...plenty of shops around take a walk lolBe sure to tip them bc they work hard and as fast as they can especially in the heat come on they deserve it :-)
5	I've been taking my Xterra to Full Circle in Avondale since they opened.  I had been going to another car wash in the West Valley, however a friend recommended this one and I haven't been anywhere since.Friendly people, reasonable prices, and they do an outstanding job!  I normally get either The Works or The VIP.  Twice a year I have my Xterra detailed.  Every time I go there they make my vehicle pretty again.  :-)  Plus....they give a military discount!  Kudos to Full Circle Autowash for supporting the military.  Just show them your ID and you'll get the discount.
1	Fernando the manager has zero communication skills. Offered nothing to me after waiting for 30 min and no one working on my trucks detailing. I had to go and ask why 4 employees stood around and not work on my truck..horrible work, customer service and communication...never going here again.
5	I have been taking my black Mazda here since I bought it... I also must mentioned I moved out of state. I came back here for a couple months, and of course I had to take my car here. I have two dogs (Siberian husky and German shepherd) which completely ruined my car. They cleaned my car beyond my expectations, and everyone was so nice and provided great customer service. I wish I could take this car wash back with me to Texas... But I will always come back when I am in town.
1	Very disappointing... poor quality car wash AND missing $150 in gift cards from my car after visiting this location.  I moved the gift cars to glove box so they were not visible and felt bad for even thinking someone would take them.  Then they were gone.  I understand there are signs indicating we don't leave valuable or personal items in the car.  Just disappointing that this happens.
