4	I didn't notice too many "tart" flavors and the topping offerings are actually kind of small compared to other frozen yogurt shops.  But having said that, Tart & Toppings is a pretty solid little self serve fro-yo place.There's not much of a variety of flavors available.  I think there are just three or four machines and I haven't noticed much of a rotation in my handful of visits.  Each flavor that I have tried has been pretty good.  The pistachio is incredible.  The toppings are just okay.  Pretty standard.  Despite that lack of variety, I've still been more than satisfied with the cups of yogurt that I have purchased at Tart & Toppings vs most other frozen yogurt places in this area.The place is clean and doesn't have ice cream or cleaner smell.  The oversized table games are pretty fun.  You can sit down and play checkers or tic-tac-toe.  A great way to be entertained while you enjoy your treat!
5	Really godd frozen yogurt. I had the Fresh Strawberry yogurt and it was delicious. Love the area they have for the kids to play and the decor is really cute. I will come back. Good selection of Smoothies. I will try a smoothie next time.
5	By far the best frozen yogurt store my daughter and i have ever been to! Previously we were big fans of Yogurtology which is good but Tart & Toppings is just that much better. Not only is the yogurt really delicious but the store is gorgeous! There are games to play on the tables for the little ones and there is even a huge chalk board at the back of the store for the children to be creative.The selection of toppings is very good and I love that there is the optional waffle cones where the cups are kept. The service was very friendly and helpful. We will definitely be back ... often!
2	Below average yogurt joint. Not a fan of the shops that don't let you sample the flavors on your own. I don't want some pimply face high school kid limiting me to three sample cups he gets from the secret cup drawer behind the counter. Leave the sample cups out and if i can fill my own big cup with yogurt, i'm pretty sure i can fill a small sample cup all by my lonesome. Plus, the tart wasn't tart at all and they only had one tart flavor to boot. Pistachio was horrible and extra star was for graham cracker crumbs, which is an unusual topping.
1	Stopped here for a quick sweet treat & overall I'll give this place a 6.  It's just not that great tasting, MoJo & Yogurt land are the tastiest in my opinion.  But the staff as great & the coffee was really delicious they have crushed ice & strong coffee.  Next time I'm coming back for drinks
5	Moved to north Scottsdale and this by far is the best yogurt place. My favorite is Dole Whip!  Just like Disneyland!!!
5	Tart and Toppings has a great staff, great ambiance, and awesome options for yogurt and drinks. They are constantly innovating for new flavors and offerings to meet the customers needs. This shop listens to their people! I highly recommend stopping in morning or night!
5	Love this place! The new menu is great and I love the Double Almond Acai bowl with Chef Mike's granola. Great for breakfast or anytime of day. The Peach Bellini smoothie is also a good one. I think it's great that they are branching out and doing something different beyond just offering yogurt.
5	The bottom line: this isn't your typical yogurt bar and if you were suspecting it you may be a little confused. It is so much more. The callobarotive genius of the owner and chef Mike resulted in the acai bowls. Chef Mike's granola atop antioxidant packed acai frozen yogurt with fresh fruit is pure bliss. My personal favorite is the double almond acai. You won't find anything like it in the valley.As you can tell from this review I don't care about service when writing a food review. I am a foodie and it's all about the flavor, tasty, crunch, and fesh quality of ingredients. If you care about those things too you will begin frequenting this business. The place is nothing but very clean.
4	Tart & Toppings has the most fresh-tasting, most awesomest (not a word) yogurt in Scottsdale! Bomb smoothies, too, if that's more your thing. I'm there at least once a week, and it never disappoints. There's something different about the yogurt there that makes it much tastier, and not artificial tasting like some other frozen yogurt, and meet icy. Super cute place, too, with tic-tac-toe and checkers on the tables-- in case the person you're with is boring you to death :)Only complaints - they don't let you get your own samples, but always seem hesitant to get you any, either! Also, I wish they would carry a coconut milk based "yogurt", as so many people are sensitive to milk/lactose!
5	Amazing frozen yogurt! Can't get enough!! Such a cute little spot. And tons of food places around so you can always eat and get your sweet tooth happy all in the Gray hawk nook. Have been 3 times this week. And will be back for sure. Also great for kids. My daughter loves it here because we play checkers and she can draw on the chalkboard :)
5	Excellent yogurt and smoothies.  Plus very friendly service.  Parking lot can be busy but worth the trouble for a tasty Mint Chocolate yogurt.
5	Love the new concept! So many different options. We love the Pineapple Dole Whip yogurt and my kids love the fact that they sell hard ice cream and cookies now.Always clean and friendly service. The decor is adorable too!
4	It's a typically frozen yogurt place with lots of options.  What put this in the 4 star category was the friendly people behind the counter.
3	Cute little place. Flavor selections are okay. My husband got a banana split. It comes with all vanilla ice cream, nuts and a light spread of chocolate syrup. Everything else that should go on a banana split is an extra .25 per topping. Not my idea of a banana split. Don't bother.
4	Great frozen yogurt and a good selection of toppings. The fact that they also serve ice cream is a big plus. Service was fast and friendly and the decor was top notch also. Not all yogurt places are created equal and this one is one of the better ones.
4	I believe this place is now called "The Treatery." Although they have very few ice cream options, and only a few yogurt flavors, they have a sizable number of toppings and two yogurt flavors make this place stand out among other pedestrian fro-yo shops: cupcake batter and dole whip. Mm!!
