4	This really is a 3.5 star rating.  We caught it on a day just after the greens had been worked a bit so they were somewhat slow which was a disappointment.  But I imagine that at speed the course easily merits 4 stars.This course is challenging but very fair.  Most of the tee shots provide ample room to spray the ball a bit though the desert is certainly lurking.  The real meat lies in the approach shots which require more precision and allow for different playing options (bring the ball in high or run it up).  Even when slow the greens were a challenge.  The gps system on the carts was stellar.The restaurant was standard fare at standard golf course prices.
4	Played here in Feb for $40 bucks at 12:30pm. For $40 bucks, it's a steal. The layout is pretty nice but the condition of the course seemed to have suffered a little bit... maybe the economy? I dunno... but I can tell this course used to be one of the better ones in the phoenix area that doesn't cost you an arm and a leg. Notable holes: 8, 9, 17, 18. Very well designed and also very challenging. One complaint is that it's in the middle of nowhere... but then I guess all of arizona is middle of nowhere. Play here if you like Raven at Verrado.
4	This course has a good layout.  It starts off pretty easy... Really, it's all pretty easy, until you get to the last four holes.  The biggest challenge on the course is that many of the holes have washes across the fairways, and it didn't matter if the wash was 100 yards away or 200 yards, either way, my ball went in the wash.  The views are good, and the north half of the course is in the desert, with no surrounding homes.The only problem was it really wasn't in excellent condition for a Troon course.  Other Troon courses I've played were far more immaculate.  Really not a bad course for the price, though.
5	This is a FANTASTIC course!!!!  Unfortunately YELP has their name and address wrong!  The name is Golf Club of Estrella and they are located in Estrella Mountain Ranch in Goodyear (not Buckeye). The phone number is correct so make sure to call for directions or go to www.estrellagolf.com for additional information.  Good Luck and keep it in the fairway.
5	name has been changed to: golf club of estrella
5	This place is great! The service here was great! I got the inclusive package and it was great being able to leave then come back for another round
5	Great desert course. Fairways were wide and the greens are fairly large. Greens were in great shape. Great views (except for the area on the back nine under construction). I would play it again. Got a great deal on an Internet green fee of $20.
4	Very picturesque course.  The staff was very courteous and attentive.  The course certainly had some rough spots with dead areas around the greens, but I guess that is normal for this time of year in AZ.  I love the feel of being out in the desert..but it appears that will change soon.  Foundations and walls are being built everywhere on the course.  too bad....
4	This is a nice high end golf course worth more than we paid for our game today.  The people were great, lots of marshals to keep the pace going in a nice way.  The drink carts were going all the time which kept us in beers throughout the day.  The course is challenging both in their layout and the tricky greens.  The place is beautiful and this place is in great condition.
