4	I really liked this place. A cool and cosy coffee spot with good coffee and a good vibe. It is a little off the main drag, but don't be fooled - people know about this place. It was packed! To the point that I had to semi encroach on someone else's personal space when I first got there and took the only remaining seat. Got to love communal tables. I heard a few people throw words across the cafe to the baristas - clearly a lot of people who go here are regulars and have a rapport with the staff. The baristas were cute though. Sign me up!
4	Updating my review since this place changed names a while back, and added a bunch of outdoor seating.I love a patio on a leafy residential street, it's a unique kind of calm. The staff here yesterday were super friendly and kind - helping me carry my water outside when my hands were full of sandwich and coffee. The sandwich was a chunk of fresh baguette full of herbed goat cheese, bitter greens and pumpkin and sesame seeds - filling and light and tasty and $5. Cash only, pretty cosy.
4	Larue, I love you. Great spot, greater coffee, good to their locals, WiFi can be a bit spotty at times but generally, its a great work spot too. They can get super packed, both inside and out. A bit slow during rush which is understandable. Food menu is healthy and delicious with two choices of soup, salad and sandwich. Always a veggie option. I hear the oatmeal cookie is the way to go. Missing a star because the seating can be limited at times and the wait just a tad too long in the early morning. But, nothing is perfect :)
4	the only 3rd wave coffee shop in the JTM surrounding and its no wonder that it is always packed throughout the day. still, don't be put off as people are usually nice enough to share their table with strangers (that includes the friendly staff too)the place can be empty sometimes during non peak hour like an hour before closing on a very cold day.entrance is a bit confusing as its on henri-julien and not on de castelnau (side door and not the big main door that you see)the coffee is pretty decently good. may not be the best you'll taste out there but its still satisfying.price is in range of other 3rd wave coffee.didn't try their food but i've always enjoyed my coffee, mostly on takeout.its a good place to enjoy and relax before heading down to JTM and if you ever get the chance of grabbing a table, do it so before ordering coffee as it fills up quite fast and service can take a while so you can lose your seat.
