5	I Love Great Thai Food!!!  Opened May 1st!  The food was Very Good and based on them only being Open for 10 days it seems they have Great Potential!!!Beef Satay tasted Great without the Peanut Sauce and even better with it!Peanut Sauce!  This is the kind I Love!  Onion Carrot Cucumber side with the Satay was Very Good!Pud Gra Pow - Beef with Thai Basil Stir Fry... Very Nice! Ordered with a Spiciness of two out of five...Two is quite spicy!  Spice level is similar to most Thai Restaurants (the Better ones)!!!Brave use of Garlic!  More than most places I will say it is about perfect for me!Crab and Cucumber Salad was very nice!Thom Kha (Coconut Milk Soup) included more Chicken than most versions of twice the size!  More than one source if Spiciness gave this one a Moore complex flavor! Nice flavor though still needs some workThey gave me a Taste of the Green Tea Ice Cream!!!  Reminds me of the Fine Flavors designed for  "i" years ago!!!  It was that good!  My Waitress said they order it from a ________ for Japanese Food!  This version of Green Tea Ice Cream was PERFEKT as I have eaten! Described as "mildly sweet"... I thought it was Perfectly sweet with a fine Green Tea flavor with no overpowering Tea, tea taste!  NOT to the Onwers : : This Ice Cream does NOT need to be served with "whipped cream", nor Chocolate sauce!!!  It stands on its own very well!  OK you can decorate to sides on a dish without putting all that extra 'stuff'" "on" the Ice Cream!For Dessert they tempted me with a shot glass of Thai Tea, presented on a white dish !  Very Nice Flavor! They are SMART !  !   !Thai Coffee was Very Nice too, though a distant second to Vietnamese Coffee!Mango with Sticky Rice needs work and was better when we put some of the green Tea Ice Cream on Top!
5	Really enjoyed dinner at Bahn Thai.  Stopped in while waiting for a haircut across the street and was pleasently surprised.Sat at the bar and had a couple pieces of sashimi.  The chef asked if I had tried a different type of tuna from what I got, and when I said I hadn't he made me a sample of nigiri for that that type of tuna.Ordered Pud See Ew with a 3 out of 5 on the spicy scale.  Thought it was great and a large portion.  The sushi chef also recommended a couple different sauces for me to try, and when I had to pack up some to take home they gave me containers to put the other sauces in.Overall, really happy to see a casual Thai place pop up near my home.  Will definitely be back.
4	If you are craving some spicy Thai in a casual, yet well decorated atmosphere, look no further. Bahn Thai is new to Charlotte serving up some deliciously spicy dishes. The spice level is on a 1-5 scale. Being cautious of a new place I tend to start on the low end until I get a feel for the spiciness. Wow, even level 2 is spicy! Ask for the spice tray too...4 different types of dips or dry spice to add flavor to your meal. Bring a few tissues with you as the nose starts to run and the eyes water because the cloth napkin just won't do. I ordered the Pud Thai and hubs got the Pad-see-ew. Both were great and plentiful! The sushi is good too, but upon return I think I'll skip the sushi and just hone in on the Thai dishes. When mangos are in season, I love to get some sticky mango rice dessert. Their version is pretty standard and good.The service is good and friendly. Felt like our water glasses never got empty. It's a nice, new Thai restaurant...and I left completely full and satisfied.
5	My girlfriend and I decided to check out this place today.  We arrived 15 minutes before they opened and the hostess/server not only let us in but also went ahead and took our order.  The inside of the restaurant is really nice; much nicer than you would expect for the location.  They have a sushi bar in the back and then booths on each side.  We ordered miso soup to start; for entree we got Pud Gra Pow with tofu and Pad Kee Mao with tofu.  We chose a 3 level of spice (out of 5).  The miso soup was what you would expect but the other two dishes were outstanding and the portions were large.  I especially liked the Pad Kee Mao; the spice really kicked which is right down my alley.  My girlfriend loved the Pud Gra Pow and continued eating the leftovers 20 minutes after we got home.  When our waitress brought the check, she gave us a little after dinner drink for free (thai tea).  I don't know exactly what was in it, but it had the consistency of a liqueur and was very tasty.  Lastly, the waitress was great and went into great detail about the spice selections.  She even came back by our table to make sure we were okay with eggs in the Pad Kee Mao since she knew we were most likely vegetarians based on our order.  Overall, it was a great experience and we will return many times. On a side note, 3 level spice was plenty spicy.
3	Three 1/2 starsFirst thing I noticed when we walked in was the decor in a West Elm style - possibly by an earlier tenant? A pleasant break from the usual Bangkok palace anyway.The lunch specials were $9-12 according to the protein of your choice and include soup or salad. The soup of the day was egg drop something -no thanks- so we went with the salad, Chicken Pad Thai, Shrimp Tum Yum ($6)  and Crispy duck ($18) - same as we did in the last few Thai places we tried.-The lettuce was crispy, the ginger dressing tangy and tastier than we're typically served. It also wasn't thickened as usual but that was fine too. -The Tum Yum made for a fine medium spicy soup with many ingredients - mushrooms, shrimp, tomato etc- but no trace of lemongrass and malanga. The waitress told  me they don't put lemongrass in the bowl because customers objected to bits of "wood" in their soup but the chef uses it to make the broth. Maybe true, the soup had some nice flavor but my taste buds could not recognize it as Tum Yum : 3 stars-the Pad Thai was very tasty but fell just a little short overall because there was no crunch to it (no bean sprouts or anything of the sort) and it was made with thin noodles instead of the wider, flat kind :  3 stars- Crispy Duck: now we're talking! I've had good, bad and indifferent Asian duck around town but this one was the only one that came close to the experience of *Crispy* Thai duck. What looked like a whole half duck chopped into thick slices with a cleaver, crispy meat with lots of crunchy skin (like rind) to nibble. That's what I was looking for. The meat had been deboned, which I didn't notice at first because it had been carefully put back together for a traditional presentation -a compromise I can live with. Excellent duck:    Four starsNow, I'm NOT going to claim this or that Thai restaurant makes THE BEST DUCK HANDS DOWN, nope! Apples and oranges, they all use different recipes. Thai Orchid's for one, serves a duck dish that's every bit as tasty -if not more- than Ban Thai's.   However Ban Thai was the only restaurant in my admittedly limited sampling which -in spite of claims to the contrary- actually serves Crispy Thai Duck .
4	On me newfound never end quest for awesome thai food, I am happy Bahn Thai opened up and wish them much success.  They have only been open about a month and a half and have all the class of an established restaurant.Saturday night, I called ahead since I hate waiting.  It was not needed however and we walked into a nicely decorated casual type atmosphere.  A few TV's were strategically stationed throughout which provided a nice outlet for ignoring your dinner companions if you so choose :-).  Sushi bar in the back and booths on each side.Service was attentive which is very nice especially in Thai restaurants so that they can explain the level of spiciness and the intricacies of the dishes.  Our waiter was friendly and did a great job of recommending dishes to suit our taste.  When one of my co diners chose a level 3 for spiciness, I had to pop in and make them back it down.  First rule of Thai food is you can always add, but you can't take away you know?  We started with the Fresh Summer Rolls which were mui tasty.  Shrimp, lettuce, carrots, thai basil and rice noodles rolled tightly in rice paper with a well put together plum sauce on the side.  The plum sauce and the plump shrimp are key to making this dish awesome.Next up, Pud Kee Mow, chicken.  Al Dente wide rice noodles, egg, bamboo shoots, peppers, carrot, mushrooms and thai basil.  This dish was nicely fragrant thanks to the abundant use of the thai basil and blended together nicely in a rice dish that did not disappoint.  Nicely flavorful and piping hot.  I'm glad I chose the level 2 spiciness because my pansy a** couldn't have handled anything hotter.  My only issue is that the chicken was slightly tough which is about standard for these types of restaurants so I'll probably switch proteins the next time I go.That being said, I think Ballantyne has a big hit on their hands.  Great work Bahn Thai, see you again soon.
5	Great food.  Best sashimi salad I've ever had.  The shrimp spring roll, edamame, and red curry were all very fresh and delicious. Excellent service and the owners are very friendly.
5	I love Bahn Thai!  Everything I have had has been absolutely fantastic!  I could eat there every day. If you like Thai and Sushi, you will love Bahn Thai.Service is excellent.
4	I grabbed take-out here a couple days ago, 3 dishes - vegetable red curry (11.95), tofu pad thai (10.95), and tofu pad kee mow (10.95).  I asked them to have it ready for pickup at 6:20.  They were very friendly and spoke clear English on the phone (a nice plus) and my food was ready as soon as I got there!  The food was very good, no complaints.  I feel for the price point that the food is at, it is a 4 star restaurant.  I will definitely return to try more dishes.
5	What a find! I had the Yum Woon Sen, and Spicy California Handroll. I eat a lot of Thai food, and Yum Woon Sen is my staple dish. This place ROCKED IT! Holy yum!!! (Pun intended)! Ate there twice in one week. Love that place!
4	I decided to stop in here for lunch after reading other Yelp reviews.  I decided to go with one of my fav Thai standbys - chicken Pad Thai.  I can't remember if I went with spicy level 2 or 3, but, it was just right - the dish had great flavor and just the right amount of heat.  Service was friendly and efficient on my visit. The sushi  bar looked good too from what I could see. In any case, I will definitely coming back to check out some of their other offerings.
4	We were looking for a new Asian restaurant and found it here. I had the Pad Thai and it was wonderful. Great chicken soup and service
5	I wasn't expecting such a great experience for a Thai Place in Ballantyne, but I am happy to report a fantastic experience with hopes of visiting again really, really soon. We came in for an early-ish dinner on a Friday evening. The place is really clean and has great attention to detail. Plenty of tables, booths, and ample seating at the (sushi) bar. We grabbed a booth and our server promptly took our order(s). We forwent apps and went straight to entrees paired with a few Sing Ha beers. Ordered the Pud See Ew, #2 spicy, and chicken. It was fantastic. Those wide noodles are executed so perfectly and retain such a unique and smoky flavor. The #2 level of spice was enjoyable and served up a balanced twinge of heat throughout. About the same as a moderate helping of Sriracha. My wife ordered a veggie dish with the same wide noodles. Can't remember the name, but the flavor was so peppery. I'd order that myself. Our server is was really rounded out our experience. She was so, so, so friendly and explained the menu thoroughly. 5 solid stars for this Thai joint. I'd head back in a heartbeat. Only wish it wasn't all the way down in Ballantyneland.
5	I am a fanatic for Thai food and this one is definitely on the list!  Being vegetarian makes it hard to eat at most places but this Thai place does accomodate to everyone.  The noodles, rice & stir fry dishes are Delish.  I don't eat sushi but my sister devoured the veg sushi she got because it was that good. They have a good selection of food, drinks & sushi.  Its a place to try if you love Thai food or feeling adventurous.
5	This place is amazing!  I'm new to town and I ran across this place while looking for a place to love. Their sushi is outstanding!  I love their lunch special - 2 rolls and a salad for $9.99. I've been back seven or eight times and still have yet to be disappointed.
4	We had read all of the good reviews for this place and we finally had a chance to try it. The ONLY reason I am not giving it five stars is because they seemed to be ginger averse in my opinion, which is odd for a Thai restaurant.We went for lunch and we were happy to see they had a nice crowd. We definitely want this place to do well and stay open. The Thai options in Ballantyne are meager. My wife had the Pad See Ew and it was very tasty. I had the panang curry which was also very tasty but had no ginger in it. Ginger would have made that dish really pop. I also got the Tom Ka Gai (chicken coconut soup) which is my measuring stick for any Thai restaurant. If your Tom Ka Gai is good, you have won me over. Theirs was good, but lacked ginger and lemon grass and they put a fist full of whole cilantro on the top. The cilantro really made the soup tasty, but it was gone in the first spoonful.My advice would be to add ginger and lemongrass to the Tom Ka Gai... and chop the cilantro and onions for the soup (onion pieces were really large). Otherwise the chicken pieces were large and tender... and the overall flavor was above average.I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves Thai or is on the fence about it. The bonus is they also have sushi there, so if you are Thai averse and all of your friends want to go there, you can get sushi and everyone will leave happy!Edit: we had take out from Bahn Thai for the night before Thanksgiving... these folks are SO NICE... I'd go back there just because they were so friendly and helpful with my large order. Additional dishes you need to try based on our new experience: Pud Prig Paow... REALLY SPICY.. I got it a little extra spicy and wow, was it good! Gaeng Keow Wang if you like a green curry.. my wife loved it.
5	My cousin comes here at least once a week, so he HAD to take me when I was in town. I'm sure glad he did! They have everything: sushi, Thai curry and noodles, and even hibachi. Too hard to choose for the indecisive like me! I finally decided on the massaman curry. Delicious! The portion was big too, definitely enough for two meals.My cousin ordered the hibachi steak. They even ask if you want to spice up your hibachi. Never heard of that. I'm not a fan of spice at all, but that's cool. I tried a bite, and although too spicy for my taste, the steak was juicy. So good that I wanted to come back the next day to get some (non-spicy)  for myself.My other cousin and her friend both ordered one roll of sushi each. Usually, one roll isn't enough, and I order two. I was very surprised (and pleased for them) when their rolls came out and it was almost the equivalent of two rolls! Good thing I didn't go for the sushi and order two! Although I didn't get to taste their rolls, they looked just as good.For dessert was the "must-have" sticky rice and mango. I was so full by that time, but couldn't help myself to the fresh mango. Yum!Coming for a late dinner on a week night, the place was pretty empty. I don't know if that's the reason the service was so great from all the staff, or because they personally know my cousin who is always there. I believe it's the former because they seemed to treat the other customers the same way: friendly, having fun, and very helpful.
5	I was in Charlotte for business and was really craving some sushi and Asian food. Luckily we stumbled across this gem! The food was amazing. We got Gaeng Panang curry, teriyaki steak, a salmon crunch roll and thai iced tea between the two of us. Every single thing was delicious and the servings are super generous. The wait for the food was not too long at all and the woman serving us was super sweet and very attentive. By the end of the meal, we were easily expecting the food to be at least $60+, but it was less than that, including tip! Well worth every penny. I hate that I live so far away or else I would be there every week. I highly recommend this place to anyone wanting some good, authentic thai food. Let me warn you, they do not skimp on the spices if you want spicy!
5	I work in the same plaza. i started going when they had only been open a few days since their official opening. Wonderful decor!! Wonderful food!  Ive ordered the pad se ew two times. Once for dinner. And once.for lunch. I love that the lunch comes with a spring roll. Was so great! The hostess is so nice! My coworkers ordered the mango and sticky rice, said it was great but just needed a little more sauce. And pad thai portion was large and excellent. For spice leevel it goes from 1-5 . 3 is quite heavy but doable.  I reccomend 2 for those with a hankering for spice but flavor as well!!
3	I've had worse, but I've also had better. Eaten here twice.The customer service is excellent and my waitress has been very attentive each time Kudos to the staff for being so kind, personable and helpful!
5	Had a craving for Thai food, and after reading reviews, decided to try Bahn Thai.  Very nice decor and atmosphere, friendly staff.  Had the Pud Thai, which was delicious.  Definitely had the right ratio of ingredients, and was (thankfully) not greasy.  Salad and ginger dressing also very good.  Great service.
5	The decor is wonderful and the sushi was extremely fresh. The only negative thing I have to say is that service was a little slow. My wife and I were the only people in the dining room, but it still took us 30 minutes to get our food. Having said that, the food was excellent - so much so that it made up for the slow service.
4	I was glad to see the place open on a Monday night.  We were greeted with smiles from across the room and from the sushi chef.  It was around 530 and only 3 tables occupied which had me concerned.  But our waitress came right over and took our drink order.  We ordered a couple of sushi rolls and a Spring roll.  Took about 12 minutes to receive (remember 3 other tables), but all the apps were very good.I ordered a grilled cod fillets entree and phad thai; my son had a dish with wide noodles.  They restaurant was filling up while we waited for our entrees.  Others were served before us that came in after our appetizers were served.  I was told that they wanted to be sure the fish was cooked.  About 15 minutes later four hot steaming meals came to our table.  My fish was great but coated with a slightly bland sauce, and I ordered it 3 chili style.  Side if broccoli was cold.I loved the phad Thai, best I've had in Charlotte.  Tender noodles, spicy peanut sauce with a hint of sweetness.  The others enjoyed their meals without any issues.Nice addition to Ballantyne.
2	My husband and I just moved to Charlotte and had lunch at Bahn Thai last week. The food was good, but nothing spectacular. Just OK. It was also way overpriced. It's possible that we just need to get used to the cost of food out here (as opposed to Southern California); but we ordered Pad Thai, Red Curry, Papaya Salad and chicken soup. My husband had iced tea and I had Thai tea. Our bill came out to $66. We'd have Thai food regularly in CA and we'd try different Thai restaurants to change things up, but I don't think we've ever paid that much for Thai food. One thing I thought was interesting was that they also have a sushi bar. I didn't see an itamae there so I don't think we'll be trying their sushi.
4	When I go out to eat, I rarely consider a Thai restaurant, just because everything I have had in the past is just okay. This is my go to from now on.  It's clean, fresh, and flavorful.  Kudos to the chef and staff.  I ordered the Pud Se Ew with chicken.  The veggies were not overcooked, the spicy was perfect and I was surprised at the level of presentation.  I will definitely be back!
4	One of the best Thai restaurants I have ever visited. Im a vegetarian and ordered pad Thai and pad won sen. Really Amazing! Everything was cooked just right! Nothing more or less! I would definitely recommend this place to Thai food lovers!
4	A beautiful presentation, great service, and wonderful food!  Red curry, crispy duck, spring rolls, shrimp, and sushi...all incredible.  Everything they made exceeded my expectations.  The service was attentive at the right times, and very helpful with recommendations. Despite the Ballantyne prices, Bahn Thai gives you a bang for your buck in the way of fresh, quality ingredients. The sushi rolls are gourmet with a variety of ingredients stuffed into one roll. I'll be back.Try:  The crispy duck with some heat
5	Wow, amazing Thai food!! So glad this opened up in ballantyne!!Pad Thai is an easy staple and incredible at this place! Spring rolls were amazing and their papaya salad was very good (first time having it). I can't wait to try their items on their menu and will always order their spring rolls every time I eat there! The restaurant is a little small but it's perfect for take out!
3	It just didn't do it for me. All you Yelpers are crazy for this place but wow...I must have had a pretty bad experience compared to you all. We went on a Saturday night, and it wasn't terribly busy. The restaurant isn't big in the first place, and it was only about half full. We were seated and water was eventually brought out. We ordered some spring rolls (I think...this was 2 weeks ago, forgive me!) for an appetizer and I ordered Pud Thai for dinner. The spring rolls were pretty good, and the sauce even better. Immediately after it looked like we were finished, our waitress ran to our table "Can I take this from you!?!?!?" "...no thank you!". A few minutes later "Can I take this from you!?!?!" "...no thanks!" She even put her finger on the dish before asking--my mom's biggest pet peeve. It is quite disgusting.Our entrees came out, and my Pud Thai was...okay. I didn't love it, sure didn't hate it, it was just in the middle somewhere. My dinner was interrupted by a few more "Can I take that for you!??!"'s which was exceedingly annoying. Oh well. The portion was huge, though. I ended up getting a stomach ache after it was all said and done. My parents both said they enjoyed theirs, which makes me give the third star. I don't want to ding them too much on my taste buds alone.Maybe it was a one-off, but I really didn't love Bahn Thai. I probably wouldn't head back, but who knows.
4	We tried Bahn Thai for the first time last weekend and LOVED it!  I had a vegetable curry dish and the Hubs had sushi.  The curry dish (c1) was great (I love a restaurant with lots of veggie options), and my husband said it was some of the best sushi he's had in Charlotte.  I think it was the "sunshine roll" that he loved most, but he was really a huge fan of everything.  The service was very attentive and friendly and our food was delivered quickly and prepared correctly.  We'll definitely be back to Bahn Thai.Just one note - this Yelp listing says it's in Quail Hollow, it's not even close to Quail Hollow - it's in the heart of Ballantyne.
5	Oh man Bahn Thai is soo good. I haven't sat in and ate yet but I can only imagine how much better it is. But for food to be this good for take out oh man... It is very very good. I had Chicken Pud Kee Mow and with Level 2 spicy and gosh it's delicious. I don't usually eat Thai food but this is definitely my place. I always forget how good it is.
4	I love me some Thai food and I mean LOVE!  I've been to Bahn Thai to eat in and for take out.  The service while dining in was excellent. The food was good as well. I had chicken cashew and it had great flavor. Thai tea was also good. Then we decided to try mango and sweet , sticky rice. My first time trying this and it was great!  Who would think something so simple would be so tasty. I've also had Pad Thai here and it was good as well. The only reason I can't give it 5 stars is because the wait for take out was pretty long. They told us about 15-20 minutes. It was more like 30-45. Definitely could've been worse but it was around 1 on a weekday and not very busy. Still food is great and the staff has always been very friendly.
3	I'll be honest I wasn't a huge fan. It was okay but I will drive a little further for better Thai food. The spice level wasn't on point and it basically tasted kind of like Americanized Chinese food. Don't get me wrong it was not disgusting or bad food it just seemed catered to American customers. That probably helps them out in the long run but for me I was looking for something else entirely. I'm sure there may be a time I come back but I honestly can't even think when that would be lol. If I remember correctly we ordered spring rolls, chicken satay, tom yum soup, a "spicy" beef and green beans dish, and a "spicy" chicken dish. The beef and green beans dish was not good at all, and I would not recommend. Everything else was just average.
4	The wife and I have been to Bahn Thai on a few occasions and have always had great food. I typically get the green curry, actually I have always had the green curry here. I usually get it 4 out of 5 spicy, which still has some pretty good kick to it.  It's always nice to ask for something spicy and actually receive it just how you like it. On my last visit, I also tried some of their sushi as an appetizer and the nigiri was all fresh tasting fish. The service has always been great as well.The wife and I have recently moved away from south Charlotte, but I would not hesitate to stop in if we find ourselves in the area or even making a specific trip to Bahn Thai. I just have to venture out on their menu and get something different, but man those eggplants in the green curry get me every time.
5	Their Pud Thai is ridiculously good. Just went for the first time tonight, and we will definitely be back.
5	We have enjoyed their take out several times, but went and enjoyed their excellent in restaurant service and incredible sushi. We had the fried rice and it was the best we have had.   The Sushi beat our old stand by -  will not say who - by a mile!  We will be returning soon
5	Great service every time and the food is always consistently good. One of my favorite Thai restaurants! Also, gotta try the coconut ice cream for dessert!
5	Hands down the best Thai food in Charlotte. Restaurant is relatively cozy and tastefully decorated. Service is attentive and rather impeccable but the food is the true standout. Though I've never been to Thailand (yet), I've been quite an aficionado of Thai food since I first discovered this wonderful cuisine in the late 80s. Thus, I cannot attest to authenticity, just to taste. Every item I tried was perfectly cooked, flavorful and vibrant. I strongly recommend the som thum (green papaya salad) as we'll as the fresh summer rolls. For dinner I had trouble deciding which entree I enjoyed the most. It's a total draw:  I really loved all the entrees I shared.  The pud Thai (that's how it's spelled there), the pineapple fried rice, and the red curry with pineapple were all wonderful. And mango sticky rice for dessert was a befitting end to a terrific meal. This was my first visit but I plan in becoming a regular. I can't wait to return.
4	This place is great - I can't wait to go back.I have been on the lookout for good Thai food since moving from NY down to Charlotte and had been unsuccessful until now!  From now on, whenever I'm craving Thai, this is my go-to place.The restaurant is clean and laid out nicely.  Our waitress was super friendly and attentive as well.  For our appetizer, we ordered the chicken steamed dumplings and they were ok - they weren't actually hot and I felt like they had just been kind of warmed up or had been sitting out for a while.I got pud see-ew & loved it!  The flavors were great and everything was very fresh and delicious.  My husband got a curry dish and LOVED it.  His was better than mine!
5	My wife and I have made Bahn Thai one of our regular stops.  I highly recommend the Lucky Bah appetizer.  The Volcano Fish special (red snapper) is memorable, as well as the duck and other dishes.  You will not be disappointed.
5	BF was craving Thai food, amazing how many Thai places closed on Mondays. Based on Yelp reviews we decided to check out Bahn Thai.. it did not disappoint. We started with the spring rolls, they were crispy, fresh and served with a nice dipping sauce, order came with 4, we could have easily eaten 8 especially since I only had the opportunity to eat 1 and a half!. For dinner I ordered Pud Kee Mow level 3 spicy with chicken. Noodles were perfectly cooked, generous amount of chicken and fresh veggies and not overly loaded with sauce. I like things spicy and the level 3 gave a good kick. BF ordered Ped Met Ma Muang level 5 spicy with beef... also excellent, as with my dish generous amounts of beef, fresh veggies and not overly loaded with sauce. We didnt notice much different between the level 3 and level 5 spicy so the BF would have liked it hotter. We both ended up with leftovers to take home and mine was even better the next day... the thai basil flavor really shone thru on the leftovers. I have already told two friends about this place and look forward to going back.
5	The food was very good. The pud gra pow was very authentic and delicious. The portions are a good size for lunch and it came with a choice of salad or soup and a spring roll.Excellent Thai food.
3	I am giving this place a three stars because I dine at a lot of Thai restaurants. The quality of the food is good, but it is overprice for the portion that you receive. This is however typical when it is located on the upper scale side of town. However, it does not have me going for more unless I am in the area and feel like eating Thai food. Even then, I would probably go to Bangkok Ocha!
4	I came here with my husband and have found my new favorite Thai restaurant. After moving to Charlotte from Atlanta, I've been on the hunt for a good Thai place. One that is tasty and authentic and makes your mouth water each time you think of it. I'd read the reviews on Yelp, and was a little skeptical, but they definitely lived up to the words people were saying. I can't remember exactly what we had, but I can say everything is good. Next time I visit, I will write another review and give the names of the dishes. I'm sure that will be helpful to first time visitors! Enjoy this place :-)
4	This was our first time here and were pleasantly surprised that we had a choice of tables on a Labor Day Saturday night at 6pm. Very clean and quiet atmosphere.  Our waitress was attentive regarding dietary issues for two in our party. That worked out well. The appetizers of fried calamari and tempura shrimp were excellent although for four guests there could have been more of each. The crispy duck was excellent per two guests. I had the pineapple fried rice with shrimp. Excellent, not greasy and an abundant serving.  My wife had the Pud Thai with chickenwith no complaints. I had forgotten to look for the beautiful lobster roll with sushi & tempura pictured here elsewhere. I'll have that next time.  All in all a good visit with more to come.
4	I'm rarely on this side of town but was craving something ethnic and local for lunch. This restaurant did not disappoint! I ordered the Pad Kee Maow and it was delicious. I love wide noodle dishes! I asked for spicy and they did not disappoint. Quick, delicious, and friendly service. Definitely will come back if I'm ever on this side of town again.
5	This place is awesome! I suggest the Ballantyne sushi roll. But everything is great, and the place is clean and a bit small but it doesn't get too crowded to feel comfortable.
3	food selection same as all the thai resturant in charlotte.i ordered yum tum soup..to greasy all i had in my soup is mushroom.nice place for friendly family dinner!they also have sushi!!
5	Love Thai food. My favorite was the sticky rice with some kinda desert sauce. And usually I don't eat carbs but made an exception. Had the squid soup which was amazing and a bunch of appetizers. Overall would recommend. P.s. Thai house - the best soup ever ;)
5	I'm here at least once a week and they never fail me. Awesome Sushi, Great Thai dishes, and fantastic staff.The staff are always friendly and the food is quick but delicious.My favorites: spicy tuna roll, The Thom Kha soup, Teriaki Chicken or beef, and if your not strapped for cash then the Bento BoxEAT HERE!
4	My husband and I went here on a Saturday night at 7pm and did not have to wait, plus we got a seat outside! I ordered the shrimp tempura sushi in which the waiter told us it might be a longer wait for my food. It was worth it! Very good sushi! My husband got the Pud Thai noodle bowl. He always had pad Thai at any Thai restaurant we try. This was his favorite! He even let me try it and it was delicious! We will definitely be back!
5	Been to this place numerous times and it has been great every time ! Usually go with the Panang curry and veggie tempura sushi ... The best in town slightly beating cow fish . If your a vegetarian they can make any meat dish with tofu , mushroom soup , basil noodles all amazing and full of flavor . Best thai food in Charlotte
4	Awesome place.  Very delicious Thai food.  I got the green curry with chicken. I was impressed because the curry was thick and full of flavor. It had the consistency of a stew.  The spice was good.  I probably could have gotten a 4 out of 5 on the spice level,  but I was happy with the 3. The chicken was all breast meat as usual in the states. It was cooked just to tender and not overdone. They also had large chunks of eggplant. Unfortunately,  they used peas and carrots so it made it feel a little americanized. Otherwise,  I liked the place and would recommend to anyone looking for a good Thai restaurant.
5	Stopped in for lunch on my lunch break. Quick service and friendly staff. I ordered the  Gaeng Dang - red curry chicken, basil leaves, peas, carrots and bamboo shoots (my new Thai fave everywhere). The curry seasoning seemed to be a bit stronger than the many others I've tried in Charlotte. I personally loved the flavor but can see where others wouldn't. The portion size was just perfect for a lunch trip. Although, the itis--sleep that follows a great and normally large meal--still managed to catch up with me when I returned to work. And despite the fact that my Ballantyne Corporate Place perks card didn't get me anything free other than a few giggles from my waitress, I will definitely be back!
5	Really enjoy this hidden gem! Been there over a dozen of times and have done take out about the same. Very consistent items time and time again. The spice is spot on! Service is good, they adopt the whole wait staff approach where it seems as if all the servers are available to each guest. The overall appearance misses the "chic" that are shooting for but again, it's all about the food. Side note - never had the sushi. Happy eating!
5	I was moved to write a review of Bahn Thai not only because their food is spectacular, but also because their service is excellent.This past Sunday my cousin and I tried to go to Bahn Thai, but were disappointed to find them closed. As we were about to leave someone came and opened the door. They were very understanding of our situation and allowed us to eat lunch in the restaurant while it was closed (they were there cooking for a catering event).The Pud Thai (pad thai) was some of the best I've had in the entire country. I live in LA, and can't find pad thai this good. 5 star thai restaurant
5	I've been coming to Bahn Thai weekly since they've opened because their food is EXCELLENT!  Everything is always fresh and very flavorful.  This is one of the top Thai restaurants I've been to in my life and I've been to the best having lived in New York all of my life.  I highly recommend just about everything on the menu - I've NEVER been disappointed!  The staff is welcoming and attentive - they take time to know they're customers names, in fact, they usually know what I am ordering before I even have a chance to tell them.  Even the kitchen staff takes a minute to peek out & get to know their customers.  I consider Bahn Thai a second home - I simply cannot get enough of their delicious food and neither can my co-workers.  Bahn Thai is a gem nestled in Ballantyne that EVERYONE should try!  Love, love, love the place!
5	I was in town from Maryland over the Christmas break and was craving Thai food. I read reviews for a bunch of places and talked my inlaws into trying this place. I was a little nervous it wouldn't meet my expectations, but it exceeded them. Everything was good, from the spring rolls to the pad Thai to the red curry (which was my favorite). My husband and inlaws loved it as well. The waitress helped with recommendations and provided a spice tray so we could experiment which I loved. It will definitely become a tradition when we are in town!
