5	For my girlfriend's birthday I took her to Mary Elaine's, which is a super fancy French restaraunt in Scottsdale, AZ. My brother has worked there for a few years now, and he's been suggesting that we experience it. The staff was extremely attentive and pleasant, addressing us by name and taking a moment to replace my girlfriend's blue napkin with a black one to match her dress. They even brought over a small stool for me to set my digital camera on. The restaraunt is situated on the top floor of the Phoenician Resort and every seat at Mary Elaine's has a spectacular view of the valley.We let the chef prepare a tasting menu for us, and their Sommelier (wine expert) paired wines with many of the tastings. I will have to consult with my brother to fully explain the dishes served, but the food was so fine tuned to perfection that I can not imagine improvement. I HIGHLY recommend EVERYONE eat at Mary Elaine's at least once, as it is truly the finest experience in dining I can imagine.I posted images of our food here.  http://www.secret.strandland.com/MaryElaines/
5	[I can't believe that I am the second person to review this restaurant. I may be the last; Mary Elaine's closes its doors for good sometime this month (Feb 2008). Perhaps I am the second person because a proper dinner for two (and I mean that that includes a _real_ selection from the best wine list in the city) will cost you $700 to $800, easily the cost of a coach ticket to Paris for the real thing. But make your reservations in advance. Dinner at Guy Savoy must be planned 4 to 6 weeks ahead. In case you don't realize it by the time you finish this one, I _AM_ a food snob.I feel a very heavy burden here because Mary Elaine's has stood for everything I have hoped for in the finest of service and detailed preparation in a dining experience since I was a member of the Plaza Club, also now defunct. That I could presume to review this establishment and the professionals who take each and every part of their job as their personal quest in life is totally ludicrous. Instead of a review, I can at best present some of my fondest memories of this wonderful place. OK, Now that I have set the bar high enough for myself, let me begin.]I can't remember if the team that comprises the army of staff that will serve you at front of house numbers 12 or 21 people, but by the time your dinner is over, you will have had a dinner to remember for the rest of your life.Take your pick from one of two seatings, 6 to 6:45 or 8:30 to 9:15. Give the reservationist every last detail of your preferences. Some of my favorite requests: (1) seat me as far away from that wailing wanna-be Lisa Addeo who thinks she can replace Nancy Gee -- she's still singing the exact same songs in the exact same order she was eight years ago in the lobby. If I have to hear her make those Time-to-Say-Goodbye octave leaps one more effing time, I'm going to kill myself; (2) give us relaxed timing on the courses, we're in no rush; (3) my guest does not drink alcohol and is from Iran, find a formal drink for her that she will appreciate; (4) my guest loves Chateaubriand, could you scrape some up?Among my most memorable experiences:The time Todd (manager) knowing my love of late 80's California cabs found a bottle of '88 Heitz Martha's Vineyard and surprised me for my birthday dinner.The time my guest surprised me by calling in and requested hot sourdough for my bread choice knowing how much I love it.The time our party sat at Chef's table in the kitchen and I watched first hand the quietest kitchen you can possibly imagine.The bottle of '62 Chateau Gran Larose that left my mouth black and from which I was still drunk the next day.My one and only ever sliver of Louis XIV cognac at $750 a slice.The way Nancy Gee used to sing Angel Eyes, my favorite.The time Sommelier Paul introduced me to the rasiney sweet pleasure of Lusteau Emilin cherry.Mary Elaine's took pride in finding the most extravagant yet excellent ingredients in the entire world. It would not be uncommon for the special to include some extremely rare fish that had been flown in that afternoon. The wine list boasted 5000 bottles. Where else could you splurge on a $10,000 bottle of champagne? (The answer is Etienne's Different Point of View at Pointe Tapatillo Cliffs.) What if you feel like having a '60's bottle of Lafite Rothschild? Paul and his staff were always happy to oblige.I'm talking about the subtleties of food preparation such that a single course may have but six or seven bites, but each of those is a symphony of tastes that overwhelms the senses. On my last visit, the sauce chefs had perfected their entries to each course to such an extent that their excellence sometimes overshadowed the main ingredients themselves.It was fun to gulp my entire glass of water to see how many seconds it would take to be noticed and refilled (no more than 15).Mary Elaine's celebrated what might be called a sacred relationship between a host and his guest. You will be missed.
5	We've been going to Mary Elaine's since it made its debut years ago, and it has never let us down. When it closes its doors April 5th, it will be the end of an era. I agree with Mike's comments and remember well the Plaza Club, but Mary Elaine's has always been in a league of its own.Greg, the Master Sommelier, became a friend through the years and never failed to introduce us to exquisite wines that he would often set aside for us, or give us a call when something special arrived so we'd be sure to make a reservation.The Chef's Table, Todd, Greg, Nancy Gee -- we still miss her and we'll continue to miss them all.  The last I knew years ago when Todd departed, he was going to launch a restaurant somewhere on Central. Does anybody know if he's still in town and was his then-new venture successful?. I was surprised and a bit disappointed that Mary Elaine's is closing with a whimper. I thought perhaps one final blow-out on April 5th would have been a wonderful way to bid an appropriate farewell to a grand lady.Formal, elegant dining is clearly on the wane, and while there are many excellent restaurants in the greater Phoenix-Scottsdale area, Mary Elaine's will always stand alone. It will be missed.
5	Mary Elaine's was like nothing my boyfriend and I had ever done. It's not really our style, but we had a great time, nonetheless. The service was, of course, very good. I thought it would be too stuffy for our tastes and that I'd feel out of place, but this did not happen. As a matter of fact, after our server warmed up to us, we had a great back-and-forth... same goes for our backserver, who we came to call the Bread-Pusher, because the bread is incredibly addicting.I had the tasting menu, and other than the rabbit, it was awesome. I didn't like the rabbit not because of how it was prepared though, I just don't like rabbit. Too cute and fuzzy.Our server brought us some great wine pairings that were not on the menu and included what we dubbed the "adult" framboise... so delicious. It was a cherry sparkling wine  and tasted amazing with chocolate.The whole night was opulence perfected. I will probably never eat here again (oh, except for that whole gift certificate thing) especially because it's closing, but it was fantastic and really a wonderful place to take someone if you need to either impress them or if you're apologizing for something you really, really screwed up.
5	Uber-fancy French restaurant in Scottdale! 5/5 Thanks to AJ and J, we got a chance to dine and wine there last year! It is a super nice french restaurant in Phoenician Resort. My first fancy french dining experience! :) All four of us had the tasting menu that evening with great Ridge wine. The tasting mene has small portion but amazing food. As expected, it took us ~4 hours to get done with the dinner. It was the only drawback J could come up with... I think that was perfectly fine for me since we are dining in a FRENCH restaurant. Just enjoy the process! I would definitely go there again.
