1	High prices inside, they don't take credit cards and yes we are on Earth in US in fact.  They charge 35 cents for debt no matter how much you purchase.This place sucks avoid at all cost since this is rare to find a place that doesn't take credit and charges on debt.  I told the owner that I wouldn't come back and he will lose customers by not take credit card and charging fees for Debt this is a gas station for crying out loud.  This lame place didn't even exist in yelp I had to add if.  Really dissatisfied that businesses even have the choice to have such ridiculous anti-customer convenience type service.
2	The store isn't that great, but I've always loved the cash gas prices!!!
2	I love am pm for lunch but this one is un reliable.  Sometimes they have burgers some times not.  Ive asked 5x and always get the non english speaking shrug.  Very frustrating!  Come on arco get it together please.
3	I was in need of gas and I kept passing places that just seemed too expensive (in the NW area), I don't live on the NW side of town so I was unsure of where to go. Luckily this station was much cheaper and convenient to where I was going. I will use this place for gas if I'm in the area in need of a fill up again.
5	This place is pretty cool. Every time I come here I get greated quick. The employee ( Luiz) is always cheerful, and always remembers me by name. Plus they have really cheap gas. The only down fall is that they don't accept credit cards.... Cash or debit only.
5	Good place they take debit only. On Sunday they give you a free newspaper. The dude who works there Luiz always make sure the cookies are fresh along with the food. Place has the cheapest gas on the busiest intersections in Las Vegas. Keep up the good work
1	The person working there says the bathroom is out of order because someone stole the keys. It's $.50 for ice in your own cup even if your buying a drink in a bottle. She was rude and acted like she didn't speak English when anyone complained, but was fluent when ringing up others. SMH.
2	I strongly dislike the way this chain advertises super-low gas prices, then gouges you with a credit card fee. This is 2014, get with the program!This location is often packed, despite other gas stations being on 2 of the other 3 corners at this intersection and they all have around the same pricing.Have only been inside to make a purchase once, and it was unbearably slow.Docking a star out of sheer irritation, as the pumps do not have ANY trash cans or paper towels available. Is this a cost-saving measure or do they just not want to have to hire someone to empty the cans? It's unnecessarily stingy and inconvenient.
