4	My Edinburgh-based brother brought me here on my first trip to Scotland.  We showed up relatively late in the evening, after my day spent on two flights, a long walk through Heathrow with a heavy pack, a (short) train trip, and hauling my heavy pack up the stairs from the train station.  I was exhausted and hungry, and showed up at the Forest to hear bloopy trance music and wildlife documentaries projected on the walls.  I wasn't sure if it was a hallucination or if I was safe, but I decided to eat anyway.  I recall eating a lot of avocado on a black bean burger and feeling satisfied.  I went back on my second trip to Edinburgh and it was super chaotic and took some battles to get food & drink, but it was still satisfying and comfortable and there were pleasant & happy people around, plus good art & good music & warm drinks.  If I spent more time here it would probably drive me crazy, but for occasional visits, it's dreamy.
4	Finally an alternative scene to chill out in Edinburgh. Come here to chill socialise watch local artists exhibit there latest work,discover new emerging bands, new wave thinking and basically a place to chill, away from the mainstream Starbucks and Costas. The whole place is run on volunteering and the people who work here are very friendly and down-to-earth so long as you are nice as well(and clean up after yourself when you are done!). There is a selection of vegan food.(not great food- it can vary a lot). As for the clientele- from students, to artists and basically open minded people,I have met some lovely people here and some not so lovely people. (at times I can find people who think of themselves as too cool and alternative VERY annoying) but it definitely is the place strike up a conversation with a stranger!Apart from a cafe, this place functions for a whole load of other stuff, including yoga and self defence classes, drumming sessions, Italian lessons. Quite often there is movie screenings and live music, although because of the position of the stage and I suppose the way the sound bounces off the high ceilings, its not a very good music venue. Love coming here with a book on an afternoon off and there's wifi available as well!
3	This place is a breath of fresh air from all the samey and wannabe-upmarket coffee places around Edinburgh, but I couldn't come here too often.The place is all run on a voluntary basis, and so it's never going to be the most pristine or modern place you'll ever go for coffee with friends. Some people love that aspect of its rustic appeal, whereas others find it scummy - it just depends on who you are and what you like.Take note though, you clear up after yourself when you're done. Again, some people would argue that if they wanted to do that they could have stayed at home for coffee, but it is only fair given that the staff aren't getting paid.They put live music gigs on here sometimes too, usually up-and-coming student bands, which are very hit and miss... definitely ask around before you decide to potentially write off an evening!My only word of warning... avoid this place at the beginning of the academic year, until about the end of october. It's full of rah students trying to become 'new wave' and alternative, i.e. a complete personality transplant in the space of a week; it's the first stage of the process before they start taking over Cab Vol on tuesdays. If you don't believe me about how annoying they are, go and see for yourself...
2	Is it just me or do other people not 'get' this place?Yes, its "alternative" and "artsy" and various other pretensious words - but once you get down to it, frankly its just a bit of a crap cafe thats run by volunteers. Dont get me wrong, I like the idea of a volunteer ran cafe - but this really isnt how I would have imagained it if I am honest.More over, the type of people who come here are the 'Yah's' from Pollock halls who think they have to "escape daddy's money" - but really if he cut them off they would fail miserably. Grrrr. I'm really not a fan of this place - its a good idea, but in practice its a bit rubbish.
2	Like a modern pop song the Forest Cafe will initially suck you in and smother you in its catchy and enticing charm, but then eventually the novelty wears off and your left with an annoying and lifeless composition.True, the cafe has its unique features: a wholly volunteer run cafe with a trippy, psychedelic interior. On the other hand you'll witness way too many 'too cool for school types' here and the coffee is plain naff.Still, enjoy the novelty phase though.
4	I felt like I was back home in San Francisco when I enterered this cafe.  It's so hippy and relaxed and open that I almost felt like a yuppy.I ordered the special, which was Peanut and vegetable curry over basmati rice and it was really good, which was surprising because I don't know if the volunteers are trained chefs.  But I'll love any vegan food as long as I didn't cook it.Unfortunately, my husband and cousin didn't enjoy their meals (falafel, and burritio), but I think they were just being picky.
2	I've been to Forest Cafe a few times and each time my opinion improves a little.  The first time it was some charity gig thingy which was actually pretty boring and disorganised.  It was BYOB though which made it cheap and gave it a relaxed atmosphere.  When we were paying to get in, however, the guy said to me 'have fun, but no violence'?! Just me, noone else! Remember, these are the guys who complain about being 'stereotyped' by everyone for their dreadlocks and poor hygeine.  They're not so far out after all.  As a cafe its actually less than average and doesn't give you anything you couldn't get elsewhere.  I think there is only one toilet for both sexes which leads to obvious difficulties when it's busy.  Fair enough it's run on a voluntary basis, but so what? It's still rubbish.
4	Forest Cafe is a brilliantly chilled out, veggie oasis of peace to all of mankind vibes in the Old Town. If you're always very conscious, or bothered, about walking into certain bars and feeling people's eyes boring through you, or silently analysing your outfit, and basically making you feel unwelcome, this would be a great place to investigate, as it has exactly the opposite aura (thought I would use a word that ties in with the spiritual healing, environmental, herbal theme of this review and of the cafe).The cafe is meant to be, or at least I think it is, a chilled out venue for artistic expression, discussion, and very mellow hanging out activities, with environmentally friendly ethics to boot. Well that's how I perceive its credentials anyway. It's certainly a really relaxed place to go for a tea or something stronger, or anything of the vegetarian variety. The cafe is volunteer run, and offers up event space for arts and musical performances. There's always a good mix of interesting events on here, from poetry readings to gigs and workshops, so it's definitely worth coming along if you're in need of inspiration for life in general, or if you want to steal ideas for that book you want to write...I mean share ideas, sorry.
3	I'd heard a lot about the Forest Cafe, which is a strictly vegetarian cafe situated right next to George Square!The staff are mainly volunteers and a friend of mine had been saintly enough to work a few shifts. When I heard they had a Swedish dessert as well as a Nigerian stew on the menu, I felt this place was beckoning me (I'm a citizen of both countries!). Sadly, both delicacies were off the menu by the time I got there, but I was still quite impressed.The menu is quite impressive with a variety of sandwiches and salads, and as all the food is made by partially untrained volunteers, the presentation is quite rustic (real Food Channel lingo here!).. I had a falafel burger, which tasted alrightttt, but for the menu, which is a bit.. well leafey, and pricey for my taste, I'd say it's the atmosphere of the Forest Cafe that's really special. After a few minutes in here, you forget about the sun was shining outside a few minutes ago; it's definitely got a grungy (but clean!) to it. If I were allowed to bring my own food and hang out in here all day, I'd probably be there more often than I am.
2	When I come here and see the beards and sandals, the Pink Floyd rejects, the air of stuck up elitism cunningly disguised as a liberal free-love ethos, and the piles of flyers which almost always relate to the preservation of some shitty forest, I can think only one thing.Have a steak, rare, and get over yourselves.
5	I realise that the Forest Cafe has been reviewed to death. It's the kind of place that gets reviewed to death. I'm not going talk about my experience in the place, or with the place. As far as I'm concerned, you get from the Forest as much as you put into it. But here are some key facts about the Forest that reviews haven't incorporated. Things that make it kind of fantastic. The Forest Cafe isn't just a cafe. Here's what else you can get from it:Snip & SipThe Massage CornerOld Hat Books: and old hats and books libraryThe Forest Free Shop (now monthly)Forest Records: and a recording studioForest PublicationsTotal Kunst: the Forest's art galleryEVS (European Volunteer Service)A Darkroom, where you can develop your pictures for way cheaper than in any other lab in EdinburghBiz'ArtFree: gigs, film-screenings, workshops, events.The Golden Hour...and more than I can't quite remember at the moment.I do love the Forest, though I understand people's aversion to it. But, all I'm trying to put out there is that it's way more than just a cafe. You just have to take the risk to figure that one out.
3	Okay so the Forest Cafe is another place that has been reviewed a million times, but I feel I might still be able to offer some kind of valuable opinion.First off any faults I have with the Forest Cafe are nothing to do with it being vegetarian or vegan cafe. Again I feel like so many of the complaints about vegetarian places seem to confuse the fact that a place can be crap, like crap service and or crap cleanliness or crap food, regardless of it being vegetarian. In fact if the Forest Cafe did serve animal then its faults would be worse, for reasons we will come to. But for whats it's worth I don't agree with the fundamentalist view that  has been aired that animals were "put on Earth" to be eaten by humans (and I think most scientists would agree). I appreciate it's vegetarian/vegan stance, if nothing else its one more place vegetarians can go without having to worry about what's in their food. And as I have alluded to in other reviews, I'm sure meat eaters can still appreciate the occasional meat free dish in principal. Thus I don't find the fact that the Forest is vegetarian/vegan in itself to be a valid criticism (and suggesting vegetarianism is synonymous with hippyism is also ridiculous).ANYWAY if you hadn't guessed from my ramblings already the Forest is a vegetarian cafe, as well as a meeting spot and venue. It's also volunteer run. As others have mentioned there is a sort of  "hippy", New Age aesthetic, although both those words are pretty meaningless.So what are my problems with the Forest? My first is hygiene. Whilst the food can be just fine, and it's cheap too, the number of times I have been served dishes that have been lying out for too long, or the tables haven't been wiped in a long while. Can you see my point about meat now? The toilets have also been less than appealing on certain occasions in the past.These are the sorts of things that bother me. I love that the Forest is volunteer run, I love that it's very liberal and relaxed about most, but those things need not be synonymous with disorganisation and uncleanliness. If anything that just furthers a stereotype that pervades some of these other reviews. My only other complaint is that whilst the Forest can be, as I have mentioned, a wonderfully open and easy going place where anyone can voice their opinion, it can contradictorily be a bit cliquey. I have found that some nights, during discussions and meetings, there are certain well known individuals who drown out and mock dissenting voices. It is the New Age eco dogmatic view in particular which seems to prevail without as much criticism as its deserves. Having said this, the Forest remains largely unhierarchal. And at how many other cafes can you even attend meeting and voice such opinions on how they are run in the first place?The one thing I love and respect about the Forest is that you can go in and spend as much time as you like in there without buying a thing. How many places let you do that? I was recently thrown out of a pub after fifteen minutes of not buying anything while I was waiting for someone, and I was one of only three people in there! I like the Forest's stance on just being a place to "hang" if you so choose.So whilst the Forest has so many great things going for it, there is room for improvement. Those anarchists and communitarians that use the Forest as a meeting place, should especially mind their own proclamations of unhierarchal social organisation, and its compatibility with order and effectiveness. The Forest needs to be a little more ordered and effective!
3	I suppose its appropriate that the reviews of the Forest are often political and people focused. Though some of them are rather childish and just plain abusive.The Forest plays host to a whole range of artistic and community enterprises, installations, massages, hair cuts. It has become particularly famous for the Forest Fringe an important free section of the many festivals that occur in August.It is also a venue that is likely to be lost soon, so some of the more antagonistic reviewers will have to sniff out hippies elsewhere to pour scorn on.
5	A brilliant place with an amazing new location.  Come find the new and improved Forest Cafe at the tollcross intersection on Lauriston.  They're fixin' it up and it's looking great!
2	Staff were friendly enough when, after a few minutes, I decided to break the ice at the counter by asking for a couple of coffees. The coffee was ok, but thinking instant. Apologies if wrong.I like the idea of a place like this being run by volunteers and am happy to make allowances that the skills required of paid employees may be less evident.  However, I'm more of a WRVS type, where nothing seems to be a bother or too much hassle for staff. With so much competition around I don't think Forest Cafe is going to entice customers away the mainstream market on its ethical aspirations alone but wish it luck in its endeavours.
