5	I am big into the old school steakhouse experience. Great food, great service, and big drinks. All come together at Del Frisco's , which I now make an effort to visit each time I am in Vegas. The New York strip is better than Mortons, Flemings, or Ruth Chris.  Outstanding sides that are easily shared, and service that follows up with you in a personable way. The only drawback is that their wine prices are a bit upmarket, sometimes 3x over retail, plus they won' t let you bring wine in.  That said, I will always hit this place up over the all of the nouveau, johnny come lately places that set shop up every few months.
5	$38 dollars.  That's what it cost for the best piece of meat I have ever tasted and it was worth every penny.  I have been to Morton's, Abe & Louie's, Smith & Wollansky's, Del Frisco's  has them all beat.  It was a 12 oz filet and absolutely amazing.  The sides of creamed corn, mashed potatoes, veggies, etc are well worth it.  We started out with a seafood platter of crab, shrimp and oysters.  Fantastic but too much if you are getting a entree.  The service was outstanding, waited on hand and foot by a warm, friendly and knowledgable staff.  The wine list is a dream list for the wine lover however the mark up is way too high except for the high rollers.  Best deal on the list was the Salentin Malbec for $40, (retails for $18).  Great time and will be back when the wallet can afford it.  If you hit the Vegas location, ask for Josh.  Great server!
5	i have yet to be dissappointed with this fine steakhouse.  Their simple dinner salad with the creamy house dressing is evened out with a few salty thick slices (note: not crumpled pieces) of bacon.  Their prime rib eye is so delicious b/c it just utterly moist and flavorful with that nice marbalized color on the outside.  Im not a filet mignon kind-of-guy, but their filet mignon was so tasty, tender and supprisingly moist that i think i will be ordering that even more.  The mashed potatoes are herby with a large dollop of artery clogging butter...but it was oh so damn good. It's not on the menu, but the macoroni and cheese is so good, not too salty from the chedder and it has some crunchy bits of something that gives the dish some other texture.   The desserts are OK, but I recommend the bread pudding with the jack daniels sauce...delicous.   The decor is all wood.  The service is wonderful.  There was a slight dispute between my party and some other patrons, but it was quickly resolved by management.  This restaurant does the best of its ability to retain the image of this restaurant.  They have an extensive wine list.  I really love going back to this place.
5	I just completed a 3 day trip in Las Vegas that included a different steakhouse every night.  We started at N9NE in the Palms, moved to Bobby Flay's Mesa Grille at Ceaser's and wrapped up with Del Frisco's.   I thought N9NE was going to be hard to beat, but Del Frisco's is in a whole different class.  Far and away the best of our trip and the best steakhouse I've been to.A few recommendations...  If you're having wine with dinner, ask for Steve Quenzer, the Sommelier.  We gave him a price range, our plans for dinner and turned him loose.  He hit the wine out of the park every time we asked his advice and really made our dinner experience.  If you get the opportunity to try a Saxum wine, don't pass it up.As far as the food, two words.... Kobe Beef!  Worth every penny, and yes its quite a few of them.  Hands down the best steak I've ever had.  Simply fantastic.  Sides are ala carte, as you'd expect in a fine chop house, and all were outstanding.  Don't skip the Mac-n-cheese.Finally, I really have to give a tip of the hat to the manager Jacque Viloria.  She was kind enough to take 3 guys from So Cal on a tour of the restaurant and their impressive wine cellar, even though it was a busy Saturday night.  She was friendly, approachable and a key part of a perfect dinner.  She obviously knows the importance of customer service and runs a first class operation.  And, if you're really nice, she might even show you what's under the "Do Not Touch" table. ;)Desserts; bread pudding, HUGE lemon cake, a fantastic chocolate cake, fine French wine, mmmmm...  Oh, and don't forget the cigar room and port.  What a dinner experience!Del Frisco's is #2 of my top 10 dinners, and will be will be on my must see list every time I find my way to Vegas.  Enjoy.
5	This is a classy establishment indeed! If you are big into wine, they have a great selection, but be prepared to pay a lot. Like most AUTHENTIC fancy steakhouses, all sides are ala carte so the meal cost adds up. With decent wine plan on $400+ for dinner for two. Without wine you can escape for probably 120 bucks or so, but what's the point of that? You don't skimp on this type of meal. The service was absolutely top notch and the sommelier knowledgeable (though he didn't look a day over 25) maybe he was just a waiter, but nonetheless knowledgeable, non-snobby, and friendly.Oh and as a kicker, they have a nice cigar lounge with a good sized walk-in humidor.Enjoy!
5	4.5.  It looks like from other reviews that perhaps the NY strip was the way to go, but I wanted to try the 32oz Kobe.  I ordered it "medium" and shared the steak.  While, it was very good, it tasted like a great steak but not too impressve for the "Kobe" classification.   There were pieces of the cut that were melt in your mouth, Matrix-scene, tender, but for the most part, it was just a very good steak.  The sides are all ordered separately and they were all very very good too - mashed potatoes, mushrooms, and spinach.  Service was fantastic and our waitress was very attentive and entertaining.  It's located just off the strip.  I highly recommend this place for Las Vegas steaks.
5	Ok... before you go... you should know that this place is where the phrase "you get what you pay for" was created.The food here isn't cheap.... but DAMN!I had the bone-in filet, medium rare.  I wanted to scrape the meat off the bone.  It was a terrific. Side - mac & cheese and the creamed spinach... way to go. 3 people $450 w/ tip.  We did do a $120 bottle of wine but heyOnly gripe is that they used to allow cigar smoking in there, and while they did the smoke smell was fresh and pleasent.  Now its stale and a bit foul.  I hope they work on that.
5	If I could give it another star I would.  It was that good.  The overall experience was, I dare say, even better than Luger's in Brooklyn.  First of all, the service in this restaurant is impeccable.  The minute you walk in the door, from the hostess to the server to the bus boy, they are attentive and professional.  Your water glass and bread basket will never be empty.  Further, and more importantly, the steak here is awesome.  We opted for two specials-- the bone-in filet and filet with blueberry reduction.  Although both were really tender, cooked exactly as we ordered them, the filet with blueberry was particularly delicious.  I mean it literally melted in your mouth.  For the starter we had the crab cakes which were good.  They were broiled not fried, consisting of lump crab meat in a rich and creamy sauce.  For sides, we ordered the onion rings and sauteed mushrooms.  The mushrooms were actually really good, very juicy and firm, pretty buttery though.  Don't be fooled by the innocuous sounding onion rings because this thing is huge.  It comes out as 10 big onion rings stacked high on top of eachother.  Our server advised that they tasted the best late night so we packed these inevitable leftovers into our doggie bag.   To complement our meal, we also ordered two glasses of white and a bottle of red wine (recommended by our server).  Our server was knowledgeable about wines yet not stuffy at all.  This place is a definite must dining spot for steak lovers passing through the Vegas area.  Yes it is on the pricier side, but it is worth it.  We will be stopping by this oasis on all our future trips out to the desert!
5	Amongst the white table cloths and the big bottles of wine, there is one of the best restaurants within the free standing white and green building. Service is always good, and the food is unbelievable. They have this thing on their menu called the carpetbagger steak, its like a small ribeye that comes with potatoes, is not that expensive and its just the right size. Most of the time when I sit down to a steak dinner, I know I'm going to have to order something that I will never even dent, and it will be so expensive.They have this amazing lemon cake for dessert that I'm sure they put crack into, and the creamed spinach is seriously the best I have ever had. Go here, and make sure your really hungry and have a wonderful time eating yummy steak!
5	This was easily the best steak dinner I have ever had and one of the very best meals I have ever had.The rib-eye was cooked to perfection - perfect medium-rare and the seasoning was just enough and not overbearing.  I woke up the next day craving another.The side dishes were all fantastic sounding.  We had the baked macaroni and cheese (with blue cheese as well as other cheeses) and it was out of this world.  The creamed spinach was delicious.  From the warm, freshly baked break brought out to the table, to the dark wood and old-style interior, to the excellent service we had - this place was outstanding.Their wine list is extensive - think small city phone book.  Many excellent choices.  Not inexpensive but what nice restaurant offers a cheap wine list?  And for Vegas - was actually reasonable.The food prices were actually very reasonable compared to the hotel steak houses (actually on par or less than the steak houses here in the Bay Area as well.)  And I seriously doubt any one of them is this good.  I WISH this place was here in the Bay Area - I'd go more often (so maybe my waistline wouldn't be so happy!)For dessert we had their house speciality - the lemon cake.  Ginormous piece (split between 2 or 3 people for sure.)  I am of the mind that if it is not chocolate, why eat it - but this was very, very good.We shut the place down, literally no one else there but the staff and they never rushed us out while we finished our wine.  Can't say enough about how great the service was.  And yes - bathrooms were spotless and well stocked.  And this was at the very end of the night after a busy Saturday night crowd.If you want a good steak dinner while in Vegas, I highly recommend veering off the strip (4 minute cab ride from The Wynn) and away from the hotels and coming here.
5	Once in a while it feels good to spend $145 on a great meal for two.  This is an excellent steak house.Decor:  Dark and wooded.Service:  Attentive.Food Quality:  Excellent.  The bread was perfect.  The dinner salad was good (house dressing is tasty). I had a ribeye, near perfect.  Au-gratin potatoes nice and cheesy.  No desert.  Too full.Price:  Expensive.  We are non-drinkers so we went with the Diet Cokes.  Mistake.  10 oz bottle for $2.25.  Stay away from the sodas.
3	This restaurant came highly recommended  by Yelp.  The food didn't disappoint.  I had the filet which was excellent.  We also had the broccoli and cheese which was quite tasty.  The reason it only scored a 3 for me was the service.  We weren't greeted by the waiter until 10 minutes in to sitting down.  He didn't apologize for his tardiness.  Then We were charged twice for the wine.  Again without apologies.  If you are going to 5 stars, you better bring the whole package.  My friend and I had a debate about this and said they don't have  the "Michael Jordan" wait staff on a Thursday night and I'm a bit harsh on the score.  My contention is that acknowledging the customer and providing a correct bill is not hitting a phenomenal 30 foot shot to win the game but rather the simple layup with no one guarding you.
4	went here on a Saturday night for a pre bachelor party meal. I ordered the "featured" filet mignon. Man, was that an awesome steak. cooked to perfection. The waiter even asks you to cut down the middle of the steak to see if it is cooked correctly. I kinda brushed him off thinking it was all talk, but he waited patiently for me to slice it. These guys are serious. Even though they warned me that the plate was hot, i forgot and paid dearly for that mistake. The sides of broccoli and mushrooms were wonderful. Overall, the place is expensive, but customer service and food were outstanding.
5	Wanting to do a great dinner off the strip, Yelp brought me here!This is a man's man steakhouse.  A cigar store, t.v. screens with the baseball playoffs in most of the restaurant.  But it also had that nice clubby feel.  As a girl, I wasn't turned off by all the man trappings.  Our server was spectacular, well versed in the menu and sensitive to our time issues (a concert).  The starters, side dishes and desserts are all done family style.  Hubby said that his NY Strip was the best he's had.  I tasted it, seasoned and JUICY.  My fillet was great.  Definitely a great place to come and get away from the feeling that you are in Vegas.
5	filet is like buttah oh god it was so good it was just so damn good!!!! my boyfriend had this huge 24 oz cowboy steak, that's not what its called but that's what it reminded me of because its so big! our server recommended the macaroni and cheese yumm yumm yummmmmmmyyyyyyyyyyy she also recommended a lovely wine to pair with my steak i don't know anything about wine but it was delicious!
4	I'm not going to fall in line here with the 5 star treatment for Del Frisco's.  Sorry. I've had a lot of great steaks, and while the 16 ounce prime strip that I ate half of was excellent, it just wasn't one of the best Ive ever had.  Del Frisco's seasoning is quite overpowering if you aren't ready for it, and by overpowering I mean--SALTYCALAFRAGILISTICEXPIALISALTY!  I tasted all 6 steaks that were served to our table, and all of them were similarly over-salted.  I understand that places like this have their "style", and perhaps this is just the way they serve meat. However, for a person who usually gets annoyed with incessant "Mny dnish nis tnoo snalty" type people to get salted-out by his chunk of meat, there must be some salt in that mofo!Four stars are because the service here was awesome.  Our waiter was very nice, and extremely gracious.  He even hesitated to politely inform us that we forgot to tip him on a $600 tab (we assumed the gratuity was already added...our bad).  Piano man with the drum machine and crazy falsetto was off the hook (he even rocks the synthesized horn section... very chic). He whipped out a smooth jazzy version of Ray Charles's "You Don't Know Me"  upon request without batting an eye.  And the MF'n place gives you all the free golf tees and jelly beans that you can carry!!  Damn, I almost wanted to give it five stars just for that! (big golfer here, not so big on jelly beans, but the lady is)Oh, and the lemon cake was bomb. 4 estrellas.
5	This place makes Ruth Chris look like Norms.The quality of the meat was amazing, the sides were also good.  The service was great and to top it off the price was reasonable.This was recommended by a friend and my entire group was quite pleased with my choice for our Saturday evening dinner.I had the prime rib and crab cakes - the only time I won in Vegas that whole weekend.
5	If you want your filet mignon to melt in your mouth, this is THE place to be.  It's real close to the strip in Vegas.  Crab cakes appetizer were yummy.  I ordered a the Governor's Filet (6oz) which comes with its famous Chateau potatoes (BEST garlic mashed potatoes EVER!!).  Literally, I used no effort to even chew the meat because it was so tender.  The flavor of the meat and the mashed potatoes were delicious.  I've eaten at Morton's and Del Frisco's by far surpasses it.  And the best part besides the delectable food is the price.  You will definitely get more than your money's worth here.  I highly HIGHLY recommend this steak house.
5	By far this was the most wonderful steak experience.  After arriving in Vegas for a girl's weekend, we were hungry for some good eats.  When I called to check in with my boyfriend, he had mentioned that he had gotten a thank you card from Del Frisco's after going there during SEMA and highly suggested that we try it.    I ordered the house salad, filet and shrimp, and the creamed spinach.  The salad came with two pieces of crispy bacon on top, the vinaigrette that it was tossed in was okay, I think  i would get it with the house ranch dressing next time.  The steak and shrimp were amazing.  The filet was the most tender  piece of steak I've ever had.  I tried the Chateau potatoes that my friend got and they were amazing.  The creamed spinach was like no other, with chopped pieces of bacon.  Good thing I don't eat like this every day.  a week later I got a thank you note too.  guess I need to go back soon.
5	I've hit just about every top-notch restaurant in Vegas, and this is by far my favorite. This is without a doubt the best steak I've ever had. Yes, the seasoning tends to the strong side, but it definitely adds a unique flavor that most steaks lack. The sides are phenomenal as well. We ate there for the big meal during my bachelor party, and the staff was very accomodating. I guess the only downside is the off-Strip location. Spring for the taxi ride, though, because it's well worth it.
5	Del Frisco's on Paradise is the best steak house in Las Vegas. My last visit included 5 people and none were disappointed. In fact they all agreed it was the best steaks they've ever had. Their side of Mac and Cheese, crusted cheese on top is one of my favorites. And the green beans, normally you cant say anything good about them, but here they were great.   Here's a tip, ask to see the James Bond table, you will be amused and amazed. Skip the Strip, Go to Del Frisco's on Paradise.
5	When I think about Del Frisco......mmmmmmmmmm...... I begin to salivate because this was one of the most incredible dining experiences and the Kobe steak was the best steak I've ever had!   It's all about the Kobe... it's so worth the price and for desert  a slice of lemon cake is the perfect way to top it off!
5	FINALLY made it here after reading so much about this place.  The wife and I went Xmas eve and it was damn good.We started with a seafood sampler dish which consisted of cocktail shrimp (with cocktail sauce, garlic sauce and a creamy hollandaisish sauce),  2 large stone crab claws and the best crab cake we've had in Vegas.Both of us went with rare filet, I opted for the warm center and she got the cool center (hardcore..if she could order it raw..she would!).  And the lemon cake we got at the end was delicious but could've been good enough for 4 people!Excellent service...basically everything good anyone else had to say about the place.   Wonderful!
5	We went to Del Frisco's to celebrate my husband's 30th birthday.  I wanted to impress my hubby by going to a steak house he was not familiar with.  Since fellow yelpers raved about Del Friscos and the Howard Stern Show, on Sirius, always gets lunch or catering from them, I knew they would not disappoint.  Everything was perfect.  The ambiance, perfect.  The food, perfect.  The service, beyond perfect.  You walk in and the hostess is super nice.  You notice the decor is of dark wood and the lighting is perfectly dim.  The server greets you right away and makes you feel comfortable (unlike those other snooty restaurants in LA).  We informed her that it was our first time and she was more than happy to explain everything from the size of the cut to what Del Frisco's is known for.  We decided on the crab cakes, Porterhouse Steak and three sides, the corn, mashed potatoes with cheese, and another dish I can't remember with a bottle of wonderful merlot (which I found at Trader Joe's - YES!).  The crab cakes were heavenly.  Soooo yummy!  I enjoyed the steak very much...although I wished it would have been more pink (my hubby wanted it to be medium well, I wanted medium).  Considering it was medium well, it was still very tender and delicious.  My hubby would have picked up that huge bone and sucked on it till it was clean if we weren't inside a restaurant.  The sides were just okee....I think we ordered too much food to enjoy the sides...but the corn was good.  For desert, we ordered the chocolate souffle...yum!  I dreamed of it that night.  They compted the souffle since it was my hubby's birthday.  And, the didn't come in a huge group and sing (I hate that...so tacky).Our bill, under $200.  Perfect.  A couple of days after returning from Vegas, we got a sweet thank you note from our waitress.  Wow, talk about 5 star service.  Would we return, definetly.  They should open one in Los Angeles.
5	This is what I imagine a steak house in Heaven would look like.  This is not some trendy techno music steak house with small portions and organic sustainable micro greens as side dishes.  This is huge cuts of the best beef in America, side dishes that could double as meals, martinis like Frank and the boys guzzled generations ago, and all the wood and leather you could ever ask for.  My friend and I ate here while were on a steakhouse tear throughout the Bay Area and LV (Mortons, Alexander's, Forbes Mill, SE7EN, Ruth's Chris, etc) and I can say with 100% confidence it was the best steakhouse experience I have ever had.
2	After reading the five star reviews on Del Frisco's and then trying it, I have lost some faith in my fellow yelper's. This is supposed to be a site of reviewers with an edge.. cool people with great taste. A site that stands apart with reviews you can trust.... But I guess I will only be able to trust professional reviewers from now on. And Yelp will just be a barometer but not the final word. Here's my review on Del Frisco's: The wedge was good, not great. My tuna was good. It all goes downhill from here. We ordered my husband's ribeye medium and asked if it was a true medium or more medium well. They said it will have pink all the way through... that it was a true medium. The thing came out with hardly any pink at all. Totally overcooked. Even being medium well, he should have liked it. He ate a few bites and pushed it aside. Flavorless. It must have really been bad because he usually loves ribeye.  And he was hungry. This would never happen at Ruth's Chris. The steak would be gone!  We ordered the Potatoes Au Gratin and they came with bacon, something I had just informed the waitress I don't eat when attempting to order another side.  My husband said it was near raw, anyway.  She whisked them away and brought us onion rings. They looked great!  But... they were undercooked and the batter had zero flavor. It's sad when the Awesome Blossom at Outback (I've had to go when in small towns!) is a hundred times better. Del Frisco's thinks they know meat but they don't. Sides are INCREDIBLY mediocre. So fellow yelpers, were you just so swept away by this "real fancy" restaurant that you convinced yourself the meat here was good? Or maybe it's your first time at an "upscale" steakhouse? I noticed the 5 star reviews are mainly from out of towners. Hardly any locals who know better. I have lost confidence in some of you but I will continue to write because I want to help others avoid making the same mistake we made. Don't let Del Frisco's happen to you.
5	I was in Vegas for a meeting and I chose this place for a steak dinner one night based on the Yelp reviews. I truly had not had a great steak in at least 5 years. I am so bored with Flemings, Donovan's, etc., and I was craving a fantastic steak, but not real optimistic given my experiences lately. My pessimism was quickly cast asunder. This place is fantastic. I can usually find SOMETHING to keep a place from perfection, but I cannot here. The dining experience was top notch - and you pay for it. More on that in a minute.My rib steak was cooked to perfection. A little more rare than what I would call medium rare, but I happen to like it a tad more rare anyway. The taste of the steak was nothing short of magical. I didn't add one speck of seasoning, it was great from the start. The asparagus was cooked al dente -- perfect. Everything was hot, the service (Priscilla) was impeccable. When the table of 18 next to us got their entrees, EIGHT waiters delivered their meals. I haven't seen that type of "sweeping" service since I was in Europe, and only rarely there.Price ? Yes. Alot. Not cheap. Think -- $28000 bottle of wine on the list. That'll give you an idea.When you decide you want to splurge and have an expensive night out, this is the place to drop the wad. No complaints. Like a Lamborghini - if you can afford it, It's worth it.
5	I have always associated Vegas with partying, gambling, and some blush-worthy memories.  However, in the past few years, I have come to associate it with the BEST steakhouse I have ever eaten at - Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House.  The service is exceptional - I never placed much importance on great service as long as the food was good but after experiencing Del Frisco's, I know that the great service just makes my dining experience that much better.  And the food, oh the food is incredible!  My personal favorite is the filet mignon medium rare with a generous helping of their mac n' cheese, cream corn, and potatoes au gratin...yum.Given that I do not go to Vegas all that often, I have tried out many a steakhouses in Los Angeles and not one has come close.  I definitely won't stop searching but it has made me realize even more what a special restaurant Del Frisco's is.How much more convincing do you need?  Go, go, GO!!! =)
4	You see it's great being a girl!! My bf and i have our REAL anniversary in January...but i made up a "SECRET" anniversary for us in November! It's just to make up for the Valentines day that my bf hates to celebrate! Anyway, my bf took me here for our "secret" anniversary last November and the whole experience was great!When we arrived, we did have to wait about 30 minutes AFTER our confirmed reservation time! Was it their way of punishing us? (Minus 1 star!) It was okay coz we got to chill at their bar where a pianist was playing!  Some people actually started dancing!We finally sat down at our table and ordered drinks! They were really stiff...i mean my martini was enough to last me the whole dinner! I ordered the 10 oz carpetbagger steak and it was the perfect size! My bf ordered the 16 oz bone in ribeye and he said it was better than the Palm! (awww...sorry Palm!)  We also ordered steamed asparagus and chateau potatoes! Both were delicious!  The asparagus were swimming in butter though...they were slippery little things!Great steakhouse..and it was nice to finally eat somewhere great off the strip!
5	update: i have to give del frisco's five stars instead of 4 now. i got a handwritten note in the mail from our server thanking us for dining with them.superb service, fine cuts of meat and great comfortable atmosphere with a bit of kitsch to round out the fun and enjoyable dining experience.all my friends got osso bucco, which was excellent. i opted for the 8 oz. filet mignon with grilled shrimp special. my meat was cooked to precise specs (medium RARE, not medium, not rare). the crab cakes were flaky, moist and delicious.our server was awesome - friendly without being pushy and courteous without seeming like a brown-noser. the tour of the james bond table was cool. the only thing that is keeping me from giving this place 5 stars is my slight disappointment in the a la carte dishes. the mushrooms were a bit bland, the asparagus was fine, the mac n cheese was a bit too al dente for my liking. it is a great place to dine, however and i recommend it heartily!great old school vibe, good chops and good service - what more could you ask for!! (ok, better sides...)
4	Del Frisco's started off as five stars then...- Lost 1 star for not having a baseball cut. How can you not have a baseball cut sirloin? Its the bestest piece of meat ever carved from the belly of any animal!+ Gained 1 star for their tomahawk cut kobe steak. Man, you should've seen my friend's pug carrying that thing around in his mouth.- Lost 1 star (and I was being nice) for the horrid selection of beer. I am a north westerner. I like my micro brews more than most people like oxygen. Not being able to have a quality beer with some quality meat is, honestly, enough of a reason to walk out of a restaurant. After being offered 10 quality beers ranging from Miller Light *all* the way up to Budweiser the waiter remembered they had Fat Tire. I don't think I've ever been so excited to hear a waiter utter such an average beer's name in my entire life.Make sure to buy an order or two of the Potatoes Au Gratin. Yum.
3	If this was the first balla steakhouse I had ever been to, I would have been impressed.The table was ready after a brief minute.  All the staff were friendly and helpful.  One guy pointed me to the restroom (which is somewhat hard to find), the guy in the can itself was cool and the waiter put up very well with the complete nonsense from our resident smart-ass in our group even though he was wearing a baseball hat to a dressy restaurant.Overall ambience is great if you like old school style steakhouses (stuff you would expect in Chicago or New York mafia type places).  I like how the restaurant is sectioned off into different rooms so the place does not get too loud (a real problem at Flemings Newport Beach and Manhattan Beach).Wine selection.  You can spend as much as you want here.  You could spend the GDP of a small country.  I would say the by the glass selection was smallish and was not too impressive on the "bargain" end of the menu.  I am sure that you could find a good bottle or two if you know your wines, but I am not that good.  My impression is that it is overpriced for the quality of wine. Food.  Ribeye steaks are what you would expect from a good restaurant.  However, if you are not from LA, you will think that your steak is overdone with respect to how you ordered it.  I like mine medium rare, but it was a bit closer to medium.  It was still pretty decent with the Foie gras infused sauce.  The sides were acceptable, but not that impressive.  We had mac and cheese (seemed a bit too al dente), broccoli (a bit over steamed) and sauteed mushrooms (good, but I could actually replicate very easily at home).  We didn't have dessert because it was mostly dudes.Since the website won't tell you the pricing, I will give you an idea (I have to go on memory since it was hosted dinner.  Thanks host!)Ribeye 16 oz  $40Ribeye bone in 22 oz $50Carpetbagger (Ribeye 10oz) $30Wine (pinot from Argentina? I forgot the name... Madderas?) $90 a bottlePenfold's Cab (don't ask me the vintage!)  $10 a glassSilver Oak (Alexander Valley, 98 I think) $40 a glassMost wines by the glass were $15Wedge salad $10Most appetizers (other than market price stuff) were about $10 - $15Anyway, it really depends on what you are looking for and what your expectations are.  If you are from New York and you have been to the top steakhouses, you will hate this place and knock over a table.  But, if you are from LA, you might feel right at home.I am from LA, but I appreciate how the old school steakhouses of New York and Chicago roll.  I went to Jack Rose in New York and Smith and Wollensky's in Chicago.  They definitely are not shy about giving you a slightly seared hunk of prime beef.  My kind of style.  Besides, I have had raw beef, horse, liver, fish and eggs, so really it's no big deal to me.A few of other notes.  It is pretty good to go in groups (we had 8 and they had a nice large table we could all sit at, instead of pushing tables together).  The restaurant pretty much cleared out around 10:30pm or so (we had 9pm reservations, the place was pretty busy when we first got there).  If you want a quieter evening, go for a very late dinner.  Be paitent if you are cabbing it over here.  It took a bit for cabs to arrive even though we told them a few minutes before we left.  Just have a stogie or whatever and hopefully it isn't the middle of the winter or summer so you aren't freezing or boiling.
5	Bite after bite was orgasmic!!! I ordered a filet mignon special and it was amazing. This is a great restaurant, with awesome service. Unfortunately, there was a fly in my wine which turned me off severely. Other than that, great choice nat! I'll give it an A-.
5	I go to Vegas once a month, and I hate to give away the spots that only locals know about . . .  You see, tourists love Delmonico's, which masks its semi-flavorful steaks with a potpourri of spices.  Tourists love N9NE, which I would NEVER, ever, ever visit again. N9NE overcooked our steaks and refused to replace them.  Have you ever heard of anything like that???  Me neither.  Finally, tourists love whatever steakhouse the magazine in their hotel room tells them to love. If you want a real Las Vegas steakhouse, and you don't want to go to Morton's or Ruth's Chris, may I recommend Del Frisco's.  Located a couple of blocks off the Strip, it's hidden from the glamor and grandeur of touristy Las Vegas.  Cab ride to Del Frisco's from, say, New York, New York, won't set you back more than $7-8.We had reservations for 9 pm (it was Final Four weekend, and we wanted to finish watching the game).  The games ended early, and we arrived at 8:45 pm.  We were seated very quickly; so quickly, that we hardly had a chance to grab some jelly beans and some golf tees from two giant bowls by the entrance.  Remember, jelly beans are edible, but golf tees are NOT.  You've been warned.The steak is great here.  I ordered the Double Eagle New York Strip, a 26 oz cut on the bone.  It arrived quickly, big and juicy as promised.  The meat had just the right amount of marbling, and was prepared properly.  The waiter then encouraged my friend and I to cut our steaks to make sure they were prepared to our liking.  Are you listening, Mr. CEO of Morton's?  It's a wonderful idea, and it certainly adds to the entire experience.  To be fair, I'd like to give Del Frisco's a 4.5 star rating.  I think I have to deduct half a point for mediocre sides and salads.  The lettuce wedge with blue cheese was very ordinary.  Both sides that our waiter recommended, special mac 'n' cheese and potatoes au gratin were not nearly as good as advertised.  But then again, it's kind of expected of a steakhouse.  Sides are just filler anyway.  Speaking of filler, the bread they give you is very good, too.  Fill up on bread and meat, and go easy on the sides.Oh yeah, it's a classy place, so no flip flops or sweatpants.  Jeans are OK as long as you wear a polo, a sweater or a button down shirt.  Leave your faded "Beat Duke" t-shirts, your sequined "I love Vegas" hats and your replica Mickey Mantle jerseys at home.I'd say, if you want a good steak in Vegas, call Del Frisco's.  They only accept reservations over the phone.
5	I was a little worried going in because I've read good reviews about other restaurants from fellow Yelpers and came away unimpressed but everything I read about Del Frisco's was true.  This place is amazing!  My friends and I called for a reservation the day of and did not have a problem getting a table considering it was a Friday night.  We waited only a few minutes after getting there before we were seated at our table.They have the most professional staff working here, our server, JP, was so attentive and answered any question we had about the menu and even recommended which steak I should try.  I ended up ordering the 22 oz. bone-in rib eye cooked medium and it was the best piece of meat I have ever had.  I'm sure you're thinking I'm exaggerating but I'm not, this steak was THAT good.... the real deal.  And it made me feel a little better knowing that my $50 was well spent.  Everything else was just a bonus.  We had a slice of the lemon cake which was good but a little too sweet for me.  It was more than enough for five people.I can't say enough good things about this place.  I highly recommend Del Frisco's to anyone willing to try it.  Who cares about the price... you only live once.  I can't wait to go back, my mouth waters just thinking about it....
5	Love the steak over here. I have tried 3 steakhouses here in Vegas and this one is my favorite.  It is located outside of the strip so you would probably have to drive or cab there.  They have an extensive winelist and we had the rib eye and a fillet mignon which were both cooked to perfection.  A no BS, oldschool steakhouse where you can get full off of good, fat, juicy meat
5	Just had the pleasure of dining at Del Frisco's after reading several reviews. The atmosphere and surroundings were pleasant - dark wood everywhere. The restaurant consists of one main dining room with a bar and multiple side rooms to accommodate parties of any size. The night we were there, they had a jazz pianist that could of headlined anywhere - playing wonderfully in the background.The staff and service were top notch.  We could not have had a better server in Tony. He was very personable and adequate in explaining the menu. The whole time we were there, he was always checking to see if everything was okay without being overbearing. After we finished our meal and engaging in friendly conversation, he offered to get us anything else (on his dime - this being our first visit to the restaurant). We declined but thanked him very much. What class!As for the food, we started with the shrimp sampler and crabcake. Six jumbo shrimp with 3 different sauces - good. The crabcake was good size with practically all lump crab meat - excellent. I ordered the Carpetbagger which was a 10 oz ribeye served with potatoes - very good. My partner ordered the filet, also very good.  When they bring your steaks to the table, they ask that you cut into the meat to be sure it's the way you like it. We also ordered a side of mac and cheese - a little too al dente and dry for me.I would definitely add Del Frisco's to the list of must returns when in Vegas.
5	delicious!was in vegas over the weekend with the bf and some friends. we went here for a birthday dinner on saturday night. the service was stellar. our waitress was very friendly and personable. the bf got a humongous prime rib (something like 36 oz!), two friends got the porterhouse and myself and kat a. got the featured filet with shrimp. everything was wonderful. paired that with some mashed potatoes, 3 cheese macaroni and some asparagus and you're in for a treat.try the creme brulee. it was amazing. it had a little bit of cinnamon in it which brought out the flavors nicely.
5	Thanks again Yelpers for suggesting an amazing steakhouse while in Vegas last weekend!  It's everything you think a steakhouse should look like. Dimly lit, beautiful decor, pleasant waitstaff.   I chose to get the filet mignon/jumbo shrimp and our table split a bunch of sides.  The filet was juicy, tender, and literally melted in my mouth.  The shrimp were HUGE, and very flavorful. I recommend the macaroni and cheese-it's the first time I've ever had blue cheese mac n' cheese and I was pleasantly surprised!!  My friend was very ambitious, and decided to order the pound and a half bone-in ribeye and proceeded to eat the entire thing. Very impressive. They also hooked up our table with some free desserts because we were celebrating two birthdays!  I definitely recommend this place if you are craving a delicious steak and overall amazing dining experience!
2	Sorry fellow Yelpers. You're wrong! Del Frisco is not the best steak restaurant in Las Vegas. I'm not sure it's even in the top five. The staff work hard, God Bless Them, but the kitchen is on autopilot: uninteresting cuts of meat, cooked blandly, seasoned blandly....and there are no fries on the menu...how in God's name is that possible? I'm now going to do a tour of the serious steak joints in Las Vegas because any community that thinks Del Frisco's and Delmonico's are restaurants that communicate with the Steak Angels needs some clarity. Perhaps it has something to do with the prefix "del", I don't know, but neither of these places is that good. The word "tired" comes to mind.
1	Just returned from a week in Vegas and had dinner at Del Frisco's on my trip.  This was by far the most disappointing meal of the trip.SERVICEWe took a cab from the Venetian over to the restaurant and got there about 10 minutes earlier than our reservation.  It was a Thursday night and the restaurant was not that busy.  I checked in with the host and we were told that we needed to wait til our reservation time...so we sat and waited 10 minutes until our reservation time and we were seated.  Noone left the restaurant in the time we were waiting.During our meal, the server never checked on us, and when she did she had a very sarcastic almost put-off tone.  We did not order wine and she seemed to resent that for some reason.  When we passed on dessert as well, she said "I thought you would say that.".  She had a major attitude like we were there to serve her rather than her serving us.   We were in a private room with about 5 other tables and each of the other table had the manager or a host or someone checking on them during the meal.  Noone stopped by our table.  FOODThe menu looked fantastic and we ordered the chopped salad, a porterhouse, and a filet with shrimp & scallops.  The salad was fantastic.  The porterhouse was ordered medium-rare and the filet was ordered medium.  When the steaks came out, the filet was rare and the porterhouse was a nice medium-rare.  My date sent her filet back because it was a long way from medium.  They took my porterhouse back as well, but I told them to only keep it warm as it was cooked perfectly.  Well, 10 minutes later, they bring both steaks back and the filet was still only medium-rare and my steak had been over-done to a medium almost medium-well.  I had cut into my steak to check it before going back and when it came back, it was completely dried out.  The shrimp on my date's filet was absolutely rotten.  I have had good shrimp, bad shrimp, and spoiled shrimp...and the shrimp she got was definitely spoiled.  We ordered sides of macaroni & cheese and spinach--both highly recommended on the yelp board.  Even though, the meal was unenjoyable to that point, I was open to enjoying the sides...but they were beyond disappointing.  Flavorless, poorly seasoned, and not well exectued at all.  Cracker Barrel quality sides in my opinion.One last comment on the steaks:  I like salt, but these steaks were so over-seasoned, it was almost hard to get down.  You could see the kosher salt crystals on the outside of the steak.  It was disturbing how over-salted the meat was.  I would not go back to Del Frisco's even if I were given a free meal.  There are a lot of nicer steakhouses in Vegas and I recommend Envy, N9ne, The Palm, or others.
5	I had a great time. The wait staff was very friendly, my filet (although tiny) was delicious, and the sides were not, as one digruntled reviewer put it, "cracker barrell" quality. I had excellent asparagus and potatoes with my steak, and all in my party were really happy. We heard about this place because Artie Lange talks about it all the time on Howard Stern's radio show-Trust fat Artie to know a good steakhouse..this place is the shiznit son! The waitress was nice to us even though we just ordered icewater-always the sign of good service if they don't get upset when you don't order tip and bill inflating booze.Definitely would go back next time I'm in town.
5	If you wanna eat like one of the GOODFELLAS, then this is the steakhouse that you cannot pass on. I proudly list this as my last meal on the planet: Bone in Rib eye (Rare), Crab Cake (cause you only get one, but it's to die for), and Lobster tail. I ate here for the first time on my 30th bday and it was EPIC! Another 5 star occassion and venue. Please.....thrifty eaters need not apply, cause this place is for people who know what good food is....... Goodfellas!
5	Del Frisco's serves up, as far as I'm concerned, the best steak dinner in town. I'm very familiar with most of the other good steakhouses in Vegas - Charlie Palmer's, Joe's, BOA, etc -, and while they all serve a fine steak, Del Frisco's manages to outdo them nearly all the time.Food: The porterhouse is the best I've ever had, and it never fails. Very tender, flavorful, and all around a great cut. The Double Eagle has always been a bit of a let down to me, but maybe it's just shamed by the porterhouse. The filet mignon is also excellent, and very tender, but not that much better than the competition. The sides & appetizers are also great. The calamari is excellent. Very tender, and not overly breaded. Mushrooms and creamed spinach are great side dishes, but their "signature" macaroni & cheese doesn't do much for me.  I enjoy the chopped salad, but it's not as exceptional as the steaks. Desert wise, I always get the chocolate mousse, and can definitely recommend it - but how hard is it make a good mousse? Service is usually impeccable. Staff is very friendly, and food is delivered promptly. We arrived late once for a reservation, at about 10:30pm (closing time is 11), and they sat us without batting an eyelash and never made us feel rushed, even as we lounged around far past closing.Ambience is nice, but not particularly extraordinary. A little more business than luxury, but I really can't complain. You don't have to put too much effort into dressing up, but it's definitely not a t-shirt and shorts kind of place (Although I did show up in shorts once & they didn't give me a hard time). One downside is that due to the oppressive Nevada smoking laws they've had to disallow cigar smoking - even in the cigar lounge! There used to be no better way to spend a evening in Vegas, but what can you do.
5	If I could give this restaurant a sixth star, I would in a second. Del Frisco's has to be one of the best steak houses (if not the best) that I've been to. Let's get down to business: the quality of the meat is second to none. My friends ordered a filet mignon (warm red throughout) and the 16 oz. rib-eye. The filet was very tender and cooked exactly as described. I had a bite of the rib-eye and it was perfectly seasoned and possibly more tender than the filet. For my entree, I ordered the "tomahawk" cut, which consists of a 24 oz. ribeye attached to a fourteen inch bone. According to the waiter, during the aging process (a 2-week dry aging followed by a 2-week wet aging) the bone marrow from the 14 incher seeps into the meat to add an extraordinary amount of flavor. I would have to agree that this aging process succeeds in its purpose. This tomahawk cut (so named because the actual piece of meat + bone looks straight from last of the mohicans) is the best piece of steak I have ever consumed. If you can shell out $90 for this, DO IT...you won't be disappointed. As for other food to accompany the gigantic tomahawk, we had a Caesar salad, fried oysters, and mushrooms to go with the steak. For dessert we had the cinnamon creme brulee. All very good. As many people mentioned before, the service is impeccable. Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable and could cite every detail of each cut without any UHH's. Straight memorized! They paced the meal well and attended our every need. The decor and atmosphere had the feel of an Italian social club for the elite yet the comfort of your best friend's house. Right when I walked in, I caught the scent of a light woody aroma (probably due to the cigars). We were seated before our reservation time and brought to a semi-private dining area adjacent to the cigar room. There was only one other party in the room, so we felt that we owned the room. Complete with two large screen LCDs showing Sportscenter, we felt absolutely welcome and comfortable. I need to go back....soon! I need a Del Frisco in San Francisco.
5	Best part of going back to Vegas for another Bachelor Party? Another steakhouse dinner! Del Frisco's is absolutely a must visit. Since it was our first visit, they recommended starting out with seafood appetizers. The Crab Cakes, Shrimp Cocktail, Shrimp Remoulade, and Marinated Shrimp were totally fresh and delicious. For myself, I decided on a 8oz Filet Mignon- excellent and juicy red! The service overall is top notch like their dishes- with no upselling either- and are much friendlier to large parties than some places.
5	I would fly to Vegas from San Francisco, just to have a meal here. It's worth it. It's THAT good. No - it's better than good. It's Steak, done to perfection. Here are the highlights:I made my decision 100% using Yelp. I read that their customer service was stellar, and the food was amazing. Those were my two main criteria. Del Frisco's completely exceeded my expectations. 1) On the phone from SF when I called a week before the trip, they didn't treat me like just another voice on the other end of the line. The hostess answered all my anal-retentive questions. Then she offered to fax me the menu (it's not on their website) - nice touch. I wanted to make sure they had seafood, as well as steak, and I also wanted to make sure their prices weren't out of control. Their menu looked straightforward and simple, not a lot of fancy descriptions, just meat, and how many ounces, etc. I was a little nervous when I found out there are 8 other locations, I normally steer clear of "chains" but this place really has defined what steakhouse should be, and they were really personal in every way.2) Once in Vegas: Just me and my Mama at the restaurant. Early reservations because we had to make the Bette Midler show at 7:30pm at Caesar's. We show up and are the ONLY ones in the restaurant. Semi embarrassed because the place holds like 800 people, it's huge. They kindly invited us into the bar to wait 15 minutes, because the kitchen wasn't fully open yet. Bartender Robby poured us some cocktails. He told us his favorite cut is the Ribeye. My mom was slightly salivating by this point. She loves a good steak, and this is why I wanted to impress her.3) We ordered the Jumbo Crab Cake with Creole Sauce, it was wowza! They didn't put a whole lot of bread crumbs or fillers in it, just basically pure crab meat and seasonings. It was buttery and perfectly cooked. The sauce was so good, I could have drank it - neat.4) We split the porterhouse. It was 24 ounces, including the bone. Our waiter Ryan was patient, attentive and super informative. When our steaks arrived, he did the "tasting" which other reviews have mentioned, slicing 2 pieces for each guest tableside, and then waiting for the reaction... it was UNREAL. I have never had a steak like this. When I asked him how it was so flavorful, he said it's BROILED. He didn't act all pompous, like it was some trade secret... he let us know their ovens are 1500 F degrees and that's what gives them their perfect sear on the outside. We asked for the Porterhouse = Medium. It was like butter. My mom couldn't wait to get her hands on the bone, which still had quite a bit of meat on it. Oh yeah, it was THAT good. Bone-sucking good.5) We also ordered a side of bearnaise sauce, but we really didn't need it; the steak's seasonings were perfect as is. And we ordered a side of sauteed mushrooms. Their #1 side is the Potatoes Au Gratin, Ryan told us. Too heavy for us.6) For dessert, we got a special little surprise. The lemon cake on the menu was some kind of Southern Lemon cake I'd never heard of before. When Ryan described this decadent cake: 7 layers, buttercream, lemon glaze... I said, 'you should put the description you just recited on the menu!" It was lacking any description at all, and I thought that was strange for a lesser known dessert to skip the details. Five minutes later he emerges with a piece of this cake, on the house! It was sooo tasty and zingy! Lemon to the power of 10. He said, "I saw your eyes light up when I told you what was in the cake!" Really super cute of him. Of course we couldn't finish this huge slice, after such a rich steak, but I loved lemon, so I was super happy I got to taste it.7) This place is a class act all the way. They know how to make the customers feel totally at home. And as for the price, our 24 ounce porterhouse came in at just under $50. Comparatively speaking, this is very reasonable for fine steakhouses in Vegas. At the MGM Grand, the Porterhouse at their signature CraftSteak restaurant was $92. We didn't go there, just checked out their menu. I think it was a larger cut, but nevertheless its half the overhead of the hotel you end up paying for. Del Frisco's is a short $8 cab ride off the strip, and I would go back again and again and again.
5	Yes, this is as good as it gets!  I'm so glad we found this place with Yelp via my little mobile phone when a group of friends and I were in Vegas several weekends ago.  At first, we got lost and had to turn around by Desert Inn Road which 1) didn't allow a u-turn -and- 2) it's actually a long road that takes you all the way over to the other side before letting you turn around, so it took us awhile to find it, but we found it nevertheless.Upon pulling into the parking lot at about 10pm on a Saturday night, there were plenty of parking spots, so it took us a whole 5 seconds to do so.  Walking in, we passed by a group of folks who looked like they just had their wedding reception there, so that's a good sign... right?  Got to the front desk and told them I made reservations for 3 about 15 minutes ago and they found us right away, and showed us to a table with a view of the bar and the piano man.  The atmosphere was unbelievably nice... the dim lights, the jazz music...everything that I like about a classic steakhouse.  After reading some people's reviews on Yelp, I decided to go with the 6 oz. filet mignon "smaller meal" because I could never finish a big piece of steak.  We were going to get two sides to split family style (spinach supreme and sauteed onions), so it should be plenty of food... and it was.The other two people I was with ordered a porterhouse and I believe a rib eye.  Everything tasted SO good.  They were truly the melt in your mouth steaks that I've always dreamed about but never really got to experience.   =)  On top of that, I enjoyed the side dishes as well as the bread they serve you in the very beginning.  The butter that came with the bread was just amazing.  Something so simple yet can taste so different.Now for the dessert... it was my bf's birthday so they served a multiple layered lemon cream cake on the house.  We were stuffed, but the moment I took a bite, I kept on going and going and going, like an Energizer Bunny.  I'm a dessert fanatic, but this one tops SO many other desserts I've had.  It was not too rich, not too sweet, had the perfect ratio of cake to cream and it had just the right fluffiness.  It's to die for... over and over again.Of course the impeccable service helped a lot too in the overall experience.  They stayed next to us when our steaks were served, asking if we could cut it open to make sure that it was the right amount of doneness that we were seeking.  The waiter even had a flashlight in case we couldn't see it well. :LOL:  Until that night, my favorite steakhouse was Ruth's Chris, but I have to say this surpasses Ruth's Chris by a mile!  I'd go back there in a heartbeat the next time I'm in Vegas.  It was worth the $200 total (incl. tax and tips) for the three of us.
5	This place was GREAT! My mom took me here for dinner while I was in Vegas and I had a great experience. Service was excellent, the live music was enjoyable, and the food was phenomenal! All of us had filet mignon, which was cooked to perfection and plenty flavorful. The sides we ordered (baked potatoes, sauteed mushrooms, onion rings) were also fantastic. We brought leftovers back to our timeshare! This is a great place to take people, but you WILL spend quite a bit of money. However, it's COMPLETELY worth it!
2	I was not that impressed with Del Frisco's.I can understand how some people like it, but not me. I went on a business dinner.  The ambiance is very nice traditional steakhouse, and very well done.  Dark.  Lots of wood.  Staff dressed well.The steaks are served a la carte for the most part.  Order veggies separately.  Plenty of choices.By and large the steak were decent.  I had the fillet trio, with three different sauces and was satisfied.  You have to figure how the do their meat here before ordering medium, medium rare, etc.  They explained to me how the do their meats, and I order medium, and got it how I like it, warm pink middle.  That being said, 1 associate ordered his medium, and got rare, and another medium, and received medium well.Asparagus, grilled mushrooms, potatoes were nothing to write home about.Wine list was very comprehensive, and way overpriced.  Very difficult to find a good deal on the wines.  I felt that the big wine list was to impress and confuse.  I was in charge of ordering wines, and found a few good bottles.  I tried to use the sommelier to make sense of the wines, and the one he suggested, was the most expensive, and worst wine we ordered.Service can be perceived as "attentive" or "intrusive".  I always felt they were trying to "up sell".  More expensive cut here, more expensive wine there, trying to get more appertizers or bottles of wine on the table before we were finished with the ones we had (this happened three times, one time is good services) as we were winding down.We spent about $150/person so I expect more.
5	Grade: A+My husband and his groomsmen claim this is the best steakhouse they have ever tried, so I will take their word for it for now until our next visit to Vegas. It was highly recommended by their hotel staff at the Venetian.Husband ordered the bone-in-ribeye steak with truffle butter and says it was to die-for. Will be back with my review, but as far as steaks, I know my hubs can do no wrong!
4	My boyfriend took me here for my birthday. The ambiance was like your typical old-fashioned steakhouse with cherry wood panels and old-looking lamp shades. I came here wanting to try their huge Kobe Beef steak, but they didn't have it! DARN! So...I settled for something else...My boyfriend ordered the $60 26 oz. Double Eagle Strip, their signature steak, and I ordered the $45 Strip Steak (16 oz., which was huge to me, so I only finished half!). For our sides, we ordered the mushrooms and their special veggie of the night: green beans (cooked in garlic, butter, and wine and seasoned with pepper).The service was excellent from start to finish; when we received our steaks, the waiter asked us to cut the middle of our steaks to see if they were satisfactory to our tastes. The sides were served by the waiters too, instead of us serving ourselves. We never had to ask for water to be refilled, as someone was constantly watching all of the tables.The quality of the steaks was very good, and they were lightly seasoned with just salt and pepper. There was a nice crispy texture to the steaks. I really enjoyed it (although, I am still a bigger fan of Delmonico's!). The mushrooms were very tasty as well, more enjoyable than the green beans.Since the waiter knew it was my birthday, they gave me a HUGE piece of lemon cake with a candle on it (their signature dessert!) at the end of our meal. It was delicious! (If I wasn't so full, I would have finished it!) The cake was nice and moist, the lemon taste wasn't overpowering, and the frosting was just sweet enough! SOOO GOOD!When we were ready to leave, I was curious about their world-famous cigar lounge, but the hostess informed me that they had to close it down because of some anti-smoking law that passed last year. Now all you can do is buy cigars. Since I was bummed about the cigar lounge, the hostess showed us the James Bond table! It was soooo cool! The table's top opened up like flower petals and pushed upwards to reveal a nice display of Napa wine bottles etched with James Bond movies like Dr. No and Tomorrow Never Dies (the last one to be etched!). The theme song was playing as it opened up too! It was SOOO COOL! The table is valued over 1.25 million dollars or more now (I forgot how much they bought it for). It's a must see at Del Friscos!A great steakhouse for those old-fashioned, quality steaks!
5	I went to Las Vegas for a bowling tournament and heard of this place on the radio.  I made a reservation before we arrived in Las Vegas.  I had to change the reservation because we didn't know what time we would be finished bowling.  When I called, it was no problem at call changing the reservation.The meal was excellent.  I would have to say that it is far better that Ruth Chris's and I don't think Ruth Chris is bad.  It is on the pricey side though.  When we went, we were eating our meal during closing time but they did not rush us out.  We didn't even know that they were closing for the night.  I felt bad asking about the James Bond table but they showed us the table and also the wine cellar.If you are asking yourself "What is the James Bond table", it a table that pops up and has a bunch of wines with the different James Bond titles on the bottle.  When it pops up, it plays the James Bond theme music.  I was told that the table is over a million dollars.
4	I went here for drug company dinner and I was impressed. The service and filet were perfect. I prefer this establishment to Mortons or Ruth Chris. I didn't get the opportunity to order off the wine list but next time.
4	Probably one of the best if not THE best steak house in Vegas.  Have been here on multiple occasions and the food is always cooked to perfection and they are always more than willing to recook your steak if it is not cooked to your liking.  They have some of the tastiest steaks West of Texas!  All prime and they even have kobe available on occasion.  Great crabcakes and salads - love the wedge with green goddess dressing.  Even the regular salad is great - came with two whole slices of bacon the last time I ordered it.  Great wine selection as well.  They even gave us a tour of the wine cellar and played the James Bond table for us - very cool.  Decor is very old school - they even have a cigar room!  Service is always great - Great experience overall.
5	On my last night in Vegas, I went to check out this place on the recommendation of a friend. She said it was the best steak place she's ever been to, and since I love steak, I simply had to try it out. I figured that it would be expensive (which it was), but who cares, it was compliment of the casinoes anyway =D.The hostesses were cute, the setting was dark, good for romantic dinners. They even had a cool piano where this one musician played music on throughout the night. All the servers/bartenders were well dressed with tuxedos. Great, the atmosphere looks nice and fancy, but that's not that important to me. I care more about the food, and this place had better deliver. I had really high expectations of the food coming into the place... And boy, did Del Frisco's ever deliver. I ordered the 16oz Prime Rib since there was no way I was going to finish the house special Double Eagle Strip on my own. That piece of steak was definitely one of the best I've ever had. It was so full of flavor that you could practically eat it without the steak sauce. The meat was so tender and juicy (ordered medium rare) that I cut through it like butter. I also had the spinach supreme on the side and it was good, despite the fact that I thought the mix of onions, mushrooms, and bacon bits were weird. Their bread was also very soft and their butter was very creamy... very simple to spread on the butter.Service was exceptional. Though I don't really care about service as much as I do about the food, it was nice being pampered. They made sure my steak was cooked right when it was brought out. My water was filled constantly without me having to ask . And since I'm such a slow eater, when my food got cold, they reheated it for me, and even though it's no longer medium rare, it was still around medium-ish and very tender. One disappointment: after reading some of the other reviews, I realized that I didn't get a chance to check out this James Bond table. Argh, that would've been a nice photograph to have!Overall, if you're a steak lover, this place is a must-visit. The expensive price may discourage us normal people from visiting often, but since I visit Vegas once a year, it was worth the trip.
5	I realize you're in Vegas having a grand ol' time, but please, please, please - I implore you - don't make the same mistake I did. Do not, under any circumstances drink more than five raspberry vodkas mixed with Sprite before having dinner here. For the love of God. Yet, I'm still giving it five stars.The service is absolutely astounding. Especially when there are Vegas drunkards left and right and the servers still treat you like you're being perfectly appropriate in a classy place like this, even though you're talking about all sorts of unsavory things and the three dudes at the table next to you are trying to court a not so high class call girl. Ahhhh, Vegas.Now, here's where those raspberry vodkas come into play. I really, really, really wish I had been drinking beer earlier or at least waited until dinner to drink because I definitely would have been able to finish more than 1/4 of my steak without feeling sick. Alas, I could not, but I did chow down on the amazing mac and cheese - you must order that here.I know this is quite the bossy review, but listen to me, dammit. It's the truth.Thumbs Up:-Gigantic servings.-Amazing service from a staff that must have the patience of saints.-Gooooooey mac and cheese.Thumbs Down:-Breaking the rules I outlined.-My poor empty wallet after dinner.
5	Went there on Saturday night, 9-27, with 17 people. Since I was hosting the party the waiter came to me and asked be about the bill and the dinner strategy. i thought that was cool.I decided that I would order appetizers for the table so Jumbo shrimp cocktail and crab cakes for all. Also, i ordered 3 huge lobster tails for everyone to share. The waiter was completely on the ball with everything from the Appetizers, sides, wine and the bill.Jumbo shrimp cocktail with 3 sauces:everyone received 3 jumbo shrimps covered with 3  sauces. Excellent all around, especially the garlic style scampi sauce.Crab cakes:Best I ever had. Jumbo lump crab meat with minimum filler. Cooked perfectly.Main coarse:Bone in rib-eye. (picture posted) Cooked perfect.sides were: asparagus: excellentscalloped style potatoes: excellentmac-n-cheese: average/fairdesert:Lemon cake:super dense and flavorful. The only downside is there is a huge shortening after taste with the cake.Double espresso: sucked. should have ordered regular coffee.Service: excellent. At one time we had 8 servers at our table, each with 2 plates in hand to serve the main dish. No questions asked. They knew who had what cut of meat.pros:Great beefgreat appetizersgreat sidesexcellent service (waiter was Troy and he was awesome)cons:overpriced wine listbad espresso (do not order)I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves beef. It was one of my top 3 steaks ever eaten.
5	I've been to many great steakhouses.  Peter Luger's, Manny's, Magnums, Domenico's, Cutz.  This had the BEST rib-eye!  Wait staff was on their game.  Everything was perfect!  Pricey (parted my hair - or what's left of it), but worth the splurge!  Moderate selection of wine, but seem to have enough good ones.
4	I just want to state..that this steak is the bomb.  I mean..its expensive as hell but its so good.  The bone rib-eye was 50 bucks and the rib eye itself was 42.  The steak comes out on a sizzling plate like ruth chris but the steak is so juicy and has so much flavor.  I'd definetly go back as this is one of the best teaks I've ever eaten.This place loses a star on its appetizers..I got the mac and cheese and creamed spinach it was below average and kind of pricey  The enviroment is cool as they have a live piano player playing music from the oceans 11,12,13 movies.  They wait staff is very nice and it kinda has that musky Frank Sinatra feel.  I'd recommend this place if you are winning in Vegas and got some chips to throw around
5	Del Frisco's is the real deal people!The first night I was in Vegas the cab driver recommended this place to me.  Right after check in I immediately found my way back to the Double Eagle Steak House for a feast.  The enviornment was pleasant, the people were very accomdating, and the steak was exceptional.  Although 3/4 of the way through my meal I did notice a small 'hair' in my food that immediately turned my stomach south.  Coincidentally my server just happened to be walking by as I was showcasing my "yuck-face."  She immediatly sprung into action and took the plate away.  After a few short minutes she came back with an apology and free dessert.  Even the floor manager visited my table and informed me the steak would be taken off the tab.  Even though the meal was a bit tarnished at the end, the service made up for it.  Fast forward a few short weeks and I received a Thank-You message from my server Amber in the mail.  It was a hand written note that thanked me for visiting Del Frisco's.  That's personal touch boys and girls!  And I'll be headed there as soon as I can make my way back to Sin City.
5	Recently visited Del Frisco's after reading so many great reviews on here.  I have to say, it lived up to the hype.  There were five of us and we all left stuffed (and we actually spent less than I thought we would.)There wasn't really a bad part of the meal.  With there being five of us, I got to try a bunch of stuff.  For an appetizer, I would recommend the Crab Cake.  Only got one bite but it was awesome!  For sides, the mac & cheese was great.  The onion rings were good too and the most massive you will ever see.  For the entree, I loved my Filet but nearly everyone at the table got a different cut and like it.  For desert, the Lemon Cake has pretty much the best frosting on earth.  With a few drinks, I think I spent about $80 on my meal.  I have spent far more than that in Vegas, and gotten much worse food, so I definitely recommend it to all
4	Great place for steaks.  Walking in, I have to admit I felt like we brought the average age down a bit... First thing we see is a bar, full of 40 and 50 somethings all hangin out... Anyway, eventually got to our table,and was greeted by our coach, I mean, waiter.  I don't remember his name, but when he was letting us know about the specials, he was pacing back and forth as if we were heading out to the Superbowl, or maybe even war...I began to think that as we were ordering, they had a script of sorts that he HAS to follow?  His response to my ordering the medium rare prime rib, "pink in the middle, and warm all the way through".  The same for everyone else who had their steak the same... and whatever other variations other people had... By the 5th or so echo.... I started to get annoyed, but whatever.  The pink, and warm all the way through was juicy, and melt in your mouth wonderful... Definitely one of he best steaks I've ever had...Oh, by the way...The James Bond table?  Didn't realize what it was.  Just walked by it as were leaving.  Halogen bulbs focused right onto the wine bottles?  Aren't most wine cellars supposed to be climate controlled?
5	32 OUNCE BONE IN RIB-EYE!! They call this one the tomahawk cut LOL. Well I had to try it and it was definitely worth the artery build up. I would still rank this slightly below Flemings because the fatty portions didn't melt in my mouth as quickly and the appetizers weren't as appetizing. The service was top notch, I never had my glass of water less than 3/4 full, and the ambiance was nice. The west coast oysters were a little on the small side but still fresh. If you're in Vegas, and you're feenin for some steak, Del Frisco's is the spot to go. HIP HOOPPPP!!!
5	Admittely, I've have not tried too  many great steakhouses in Vegas. But this place is the standard to which all others will be compared to. The entrees were excellent, and the appetizers and side dishes were unbelievable. You must try the crab cakes, and the mac and cheese. My entree was the veal (I know eating veal is cruel, but that baby cow didn't die in vein), and it was cooked to perfection. All the other members of my party sampled seperate items on the menu, but all enjoyed their meals equally. This place is a must visit in Las Vegas.
5	I was in Las Vegas this week with my family. The four of us went to Del Frisco's on a Monday at around 10pm. Had reservations initially at 6pm, but had to change due to late lunch and no one was that hungry. When we got there, restaurant was pretty empty, just us and two other parties. We first saw the James Bond wine table, pretty neat. The table opens up to James Bond theme music and there are number of wines with various James Bond movies etched on the bottles. It was obviously for display only and not intended to be consumed. Anyway, was pretty cool. We were obviously seated immediately since the restaurant was empty (reflects the overall Vegas economy and time of year). We had the following:Crab cakes- delicious, full of fresh crab meat and very little filler. Sauce was very good but bit salty for SF Bay area tastes. Strip steak- cooked just as asked. Very tender, good flavor.Filet mignon- again, cooked as asked. Full of flavor.Lamb- again, very good, lots of flavor. Only problem was trying to get each bit of meat off the bone without picking it up and chewing on it. Since not many people around, picked it up and started chewing.Pasta with scampi- excellent dish. Just the right amount of butter and garlic. Scampi were very tender.Asparagus- good side, but not that different from other restaurants.Bread- warm, just baked, really good with butter. Do as they suggest, tear it open, don't use a knife. Lemon cake- we debated if we wanted dessert since we were all pretty full. We decided to shared one very large piece of lemon cake. It was delicious, full of lemon flavor and moist. Those who initially did not want dessert actually wanted more once they tried a small piece.The service was excellent. They were there when you needed them and were not overlly intrusive. However, considering that the restaurant was empty, I would hope that service would be excellent.The prices were high, but no more than other steakhouses in Las Vegas. We had been to Craftsteak this time last year. If I were to compare the two, I would say that the entrees and appetizers were better at Del Frisco's, the sides dishes better at Craftsteak, dessert equal in both places, and the service better at Del Frisco's (however, not fair comparison since Craftsteak was fairly busy when we were there last year). Finally, I think that Del Frisco's was cheaper for what you got.The final conclusion from our family is- Del Frisco's is the default steakhouse for us in Las Vegas.One last point, we are from the SF Bay area. We found the food in Las Vegas (at all the restaurants) to be very salty compared to comparable restaurants in the SF. May want to consider asking them to cut back on the salt if you are use to lower amount of salt in your food. We went to Nob Hill at the MGM the next day. We specifically asked them to cut the salt and they did.
4	The best aspect of Del Frisco's is the service. They are very attentive, professional, and my water glass was always full. The waitress even sent out thank you cards after. My boyfriend got a New York Strip, I had a filet mignon, our sides were garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus. Everything was excellently cooked. The meat was flavorful, a little on the salty side but still good. It could have been a little more tender. The bread and butter were very tasty. The decor definitely could do with an upgrade, however. It had like a dark, 90s thing going on.
3	Closer to 3.5 stars, but because I probably wouldn't go back to this place I will round down.The service was excellent.. but we go for the steak not the service.We went here based on the reviews on Yelp.  We got reservations for new years eve night.  It was pretty dead inside when we arrived.. we were quite surprised because it sounded busy when we called earlier.The bread was above average.. just one kind, a loaf they give you. They brought a 2nd one when we finished.The filet which we ordered I'd have to describe as a cross between ruth chris and flemings.  It was seasoned a little like flemings, and there was the hot butter like ruth chris.  It was on par with both of those chains, so you should know what I'm talking about.  Once you get to these quality of steaks, it's really the seasoning and flavoring that makes the difference, and the seasoning here was about a 2.5The creme brulee was superb.. one of the best I've had.. I'd recommend it.They don't have french fries, or a good selection of warm chocolate desserts like Morton's or Fleming's  We love chocolate so we were let down a little. .  They have a bowl of complimentary jelly beans, and the bathrooms here were excellent. There's a bathroom butler, and he walked in right when I was washing my hands offering a towel.. how did he know I was finished? A little creepy..  There was a tip jar in there with $100 bills showing. A little tempting for the partiers who walk in off the street who need to use the loo.At about 1 minute to midnight on NYE, all the staff stopped whatever they were doing and ran to the top of the parking garage to watch the fireworks.   Prior to that, they had ESPN on until 10 minutes to midnite.. who wants to watch ESPN on NYE??  I don't even think they had any live games on.Overall we just wanted to try this place, and were not wowed by the steak. I still like CUT as my favorite, with flemings being my 2nd favorite for a steakhouse of this caliber.  We would go back though if someone else wanted to go.. the steak was quite good.. but I couldn't stop thinking of the steak at CUT... we ended up going there the next night.
5	Came here for an anniversary dinner with my girlfriend and oh man!  I finally understand the phrase "like heaven".  The atmosphere is very nice, with a dim setting.  The waitress and the waitress helper were on top of their game, refilling our waters before they were empty.  To keep it short, the most juiciest and tender steak I have ever eaten!!!!  Just thinking about this place makes my mouth water...   Stop reading all these reviews and GO TRY IT!  Del Frisco's FTW!!!!!
5	I have been wanting to come here for along time after reading so much good stuff about this place so we decided to take some friends to celebrate a birthday and a wedding anniversary, to say the least it was pretty fab! I ordered the bone in rib eye it was so flavorful, we basically ordered one of each dish to try to get a good feel, the only thing to be a miss from everybody was the Mac & Cheese i read that alot of people did not like this side dish but we had to try it for ourselves since they said it was a specialty. All the other side dishes were good! They served us a creme brulie & lemon cake it was really good and we made it into a birthday cake for the birthday girl! The service was awesome they brought all the main courses out at the same time, everything from the drinks to the bread was very good! This place has large rooms and a very nice bar area for very large party's even wedding parties, i cannot wait to go again real soon!
1	HORRIBLE!!! Really, filet shouldn't have fat and when you tell the staff they shouldn't be rude.I love the Del Frisco's in Winter Park, FL. It's one of my favorite steakhouses. This location is nothing like it sadly.
5	We just recently discovered this place on one of our trips to Vegas.  It's off the strip so we didn't know about it until it was recommended to us. This place has become my favorite steakhouse now.  We decided to go on a Tuesday night and they were jam packed so I had a drink at their bar as they tried to squeeze us in. We started with their crabcake with cajun lobster sauce appetizer which was delicious. I then ordered the filet mignon while my boyfriend ordered the ribeye with an australian lobster tail.  The filet was very good but the ribye and the lobster tail were out of this world. We also ordered the creamed corn and chateau potatoes as sides.  Both were good.  The whole dinner was great.  I also enjoyed a couple of their signature pineapple infused martinis.  We found the service to be quite attentive and above par.  After our dinner, they gladly called a cab for us back to the strip and after we arrived home from our vacation, there was a thank you card in our mailbox from them!  This place definitely rivals much more expensive steakhouses on the strip.
3	Just OK. Will be heading back for a second time to do a rereview though.
4	This is a great choice.  The food is excellent & the service is even better.It's off the strip about 1.5 miles so you need to walk or take taxi.The pricing is good, given it's a high end steakhouse.  A filet + side + beer came out to $60 before tip.  But, compared to the strip, it's about 1/3 less.  SW, a comparable place in the wynn was running $75 JUST for the filet.  so good choice.I gave 4 out of 5 only because it's off the strip and not super modern inside.  but, again, that's a small point.
5	Amazing!  Each time I go to Del Friscos the experience gets better and exceeds my expectations.  Great steaks, seafood, side dishes, wine selection and most of all, excellent service!  Their staff is so personable that you immediately feel as though you have had a long friendship with the server.  This is the place to bring friends who are visiting Las Vegas as it is sure to impress.  So far, my favorite place in Las Vegas.
5	OK Del Frisco's, listen.  Ruth's Chris was just a fling.  She was great while she lasted.  But I'm done with her now.  Even LG's, Morton's and Flemmings are nothing to me anymore.  Nobody can compare to your perfectly aged, bone-in prime rib-eye steak soaking in just the right amount of butter, and topped with the most simple but perfectly applied season of salt and pepper.  Your steak was so perfectly done, rare as I like it, and even with a warm center as offered by your very attentive and charming waitress.  You've left me dreaming every night of those very tender, succulent rib eye morsels.Babe, you're the only one for me.  I promise.  Your gargonzola and blue cheese macaroni is like none other.  A very cheesy blend, with just the right amoung of blue to give it a tang, but not overpowering.  Aaah... It went so well with the steak.  And the chopped salad?  I've never tasted an herb dressing like that.  Just incredible.  Not too rich, not too light and herbish.And your 6 layer lemon doberge cake consummated my love for you.  Each bite was so moist and rich, with a nice tangy lemon taste, tamed by the rich butter cream frosting.  You took me to paradise and back.  It was a night to remember.  I know what the others have said.  You're taste is too expensive, you're geographically undesirable (GUD), You're not good for me.  But none of that matters.  You're just a flight away and you're worth any amount of trouble babe.  I already miss you.  For now on, it's just you and me.  Oh.. and the wife too.  She liked you as much as I did.Thank you Julie (our waitress) and Torryn (manager) for helping to make such a pleasurable dining experience.  Del Frisco's truly is the best steak house, and you guys provide absolute top rate service.
4	My favorite Rib-Eye in Vegas besides my own.  It is about the same price as every steakhouse in Vegas with sides ala carte.  But it is by far the tastiest and the decoration is nice and classy.
3	The boyfriend and I took a cab here from the Strip.  There's plenty of parking and valet, so I would recommend driving here and saving yourself $10+ for the cab ride.Overall, the food was good.  It wasn't spectacular so I probably wouldn't come back again though. The cream corn was disappointing - the manager took it off the check.
3	This place has been a staple in my family's Las Vegas vacation for a long time.  We have always loved the attentive service, good food, and the cigar lounge in the back (well my father and brother really loved this, my mother and I remained neutral).  Flash forward to this weekend, and the family has had another good dinner, yet has also left a bit dissapointed.  The food remains top-notch, and for that we are thankful.  The pleasantness of servers also gets high-marks, however, this is where the praising ends.  There were small errors on the wait staff including handing a steak knife to me with the blade facing me.  Unfortunately they are now using cheaper wine glasses and silverware on the tables.  We were seated right next to the bar, which got pretty loud as the night drew on.  And, due to the no smoking ban in Nevada now, there is no more cigar room in the back.  Totally not the restaurant's fault, just a bit dissapointing.  To me, the little things in a fine dining establishment matter.  If I am paying $50 for a steak, not only should service and food be impeccable, but so to should the atmosphere.  This restaurant is still good, however, with all the other well known steak restaurants in the city that fall into the same price range, it may be time that the family move on and try another restaurant.
5	This might be the best steak house I've ever been to.  Got a bone in ribeye that was so juicy and so good I wolfed that thing down like I hadn't eaten in days.  The sides were pretty good and were served to us by the staff.  The best part about it was that when your steak came out they asked you to cut a slice and taste it to make sure that this is what you want.  Presumably, if they over or under cooked the steak they would take it back and get it right.  Mine was perfect but I appreciate that they wanted to make sure the steak was properly cooked.  I'm heading back here soon!
5	I've been a Del Frisco fan for 20 years, frequenting the Dallas location. I was thrilled that they opened this new location. The decor of the restaurant itself is beautiful. I went in recently while I was in on business. I was by myself so I ate in the bar. I had a wonderful fillet and a few glasses of cab. It was a completely awesome experience. Can't wait to come back!
5	My father-in-law always talked about "Del Frisco's" but hearing about it is nothing like EXPERIENCING it! Probably one of THE best restaurant's I've ever been to. As an engagement gift on a trip to Vegas, F-in-L took us there. 20 oz. lobster, stone crabs the largest I've ever seen - prawns dipped in 4 different amazing sauces, the most perfect filet mignon. There are just aren't words. If you have the money (it's NOT cheap) and time, it's a must!
5	WOW!I have to say.. Morton's, I love you, but Del Frisco's was amazing!  My boyfriend and I were craving steak when we happened to hear about this place and decided to give it a try.  I knew we were in for way more than we were expecting as soon as I opened the menu.  Thank God the server quickly came over to help go over the selections.   Honestly though, it only left me even more indecisive since everything sounded soo good - only now I'm trying to stop myself from salivating as I make a decision.Stone Crab legs, bone-in filet mignon, 20 oz lobster tail, huge side orders of potatoes au gratin and broccoli sauteed in garlic and white wine, and more,  our table was full of yummy goodness.  Steak was done perfectly and exactly as they described when I chose "medium rare".   The lobster tail was one of the best I've ever had, and I never had Stone Crab legs before, but those were delicious!Service was also impeccable!  At one point, I had three people trying to serve me at once: one scooping potatoes onto my plate, another serving me broccoli, and another cutting up my lobster tail.Not exactly cheap eats, but the price very well reflects the top quality of food and service you are presented with here.  If you're winning at the craps table, make it a point to dine here!  Winner, winner, Del Frisco's dinner!!
5	This little gem is hidden inside a commercial business park, a huge contrast to the glitz and glam of the Strip two short blocks away.  The interior was wood grained and elegant, typical for a steakhouse of its stature.  The sesame bread served upon sitting was nothing spectacular, I would have preferred the onion rolls served at Morton's.  The wine menu was several pages long, it was fun just perusing through the different varieties of wine (most which I couldn't afford).  I ordered the bone-in ribeye like the rest of my party, it was superb.  The seasoning was absolutely perfect, each bite was divine.  The sides were excellent, I've never tasted such exquisite potatoes au gratin and macaroni and cheese like that before.  The lemon cake was good, but nothing to write home about.  The service was excellent, for the servers were very knowledgeable, but never seemed hurried at all.  Not a cheap place, but I think everyone should treat themselves occasionally, especially in Vegas.  Overall a great experience, and they even sent a handwritten thank you card!
5	Del Frisco is always my choice of steakhouse over Ruth Chris and Morton. One of my meal has to be in Del Frisco when I was in business trip at Vegas, one of the reason is because they don't have a branch in the Los Angeles area and the bigger reason was their Stone Crab Claws. It is obvious the meat quality between Ruth Chris, Morton and Del Frisco are pretty much the same, the major difference would be the use of spices, how accurate was the steak degree of doneness, seafood choices and the quality of side dishes in my opinion. I prefer my steak with heavier seasonings and Del Frisco really satisfied my preference. They never mess up my steak doneness(Ruth Chris and Morton both screwed up once). That shows me chefs with high level skill quality were behind the kitchen door. Jumbo stone crab claw is a must try at Del Frisco, the mouthwatering claws cook perfectly as it locks in their sweet, delicate flavor. Even their side dishes were excellent. I always like sauteed mushroom and angel hair pasta. Very simple side dishes but they were perfected with the right seasonings and cooking skill. Highly recommended for anyone who wants to experience high quality steaks dinner. Remember to leave some room for their desserts too.
5	Grade: AAs promised, we went back to Del Frisco's so that I could try the infamous rib-eye with truffle butter. I am embarrassed to admit that I used to think "truffle" referred to chocolate (not mushrooms). LOL. In any case, the steak was just as husband had described. Very tasty, medium rare done nicely. Service was spectacular. Our waiter even sent us a nice thank-you card since we filled out the service survey. haha.We also ordered cocktail shrimp (good) and some potatoes (which we will pass up next time). We didn't read very carefully, and the potatoes were essentially $8 freshly made potato chips. Yea, no thanks. I'll stick to seafood and steak.But a definite must if you visit Vegas. Pricey but one of the best steakhouses. Located away from the strip, quiet, seems to cater to a lot of business/professional people.
5	Not too far off the strip, located away from all the chaos; this place is a definite gem. The service was phenomenomal. Our waitress had a lot on her hands when she had our table of 13 to handle. She did a fine job, kept it professional, and answered all of our questions to her best knowledge. Our waters never went below half way down the glass. It was refilled everytime someone took a huge gulp. As for the food, I had one of the best filet mignons ever in my life. I got the smallest cut too (8 oz.) but it was thick enough that I was still not able to finish it. There's no word to explain the flavoring, it was that good. The texture of the meat was perfect. I'm getting hungry just thinking about that meal. I'm so excited for it that I skipped describing my appetizer first, which was shrimps served with 3 seperate sauces and crab cakes. Amazing is all I can say. The dinner roll was also very good. It was fresh and seemed like it just came out of the oven. As for sides, the mac n' cheese is a must order as well as the cream corn. The potatoes au gratin didn't live up to the hype. The way they serve the sides is family style. We first received our main entree'. It was immediately followed by a an army of servers. I swear, there were about 6 of them surrounding us. Each had a side dish in their hand. They came around and asked if we'd like that specific side and if yes, then they would scoop it on plate and move on.In the end, we had no room for dessert. Everyone in my party seemed very pleased with Del Frisco's. It wasn't the most inexpensive meal but it was sure worth it. I would highly recommend this place for steak lovers. If you have a big party, it's probably best to make reservations because this restaurant got pretty occupied.
4	The service at Del Frisco's really sets them apart from the other "top" restaurants in Vegas. Everyone - from the hostess to the servers to the bathroom attendant - was attentive, friendly, and really down to earth. To me, service makes the difference between a good dining experience and a really great one. And Del Frisco's was a pretty great one. For starters, we had the shrimp with three dipping sauces. I can't remember all three sauces, but I do remember the basil-garlic - it was delicious! The shrimps were plump and succulent. It was a very good start to our meal.For the main course, I ordered the 12 oz. bone-in fillet: one of the daily specials. I think it was the best cut of meat and most flavorful steak I've ever had. It was cooked perfectly, seasoned well, and my favorite part, the crust, was salty, peppery, and crunchy. Mmm. The guy and I split a trio of family-sized sides. The portions were huge. Each side is definitely enough for 4 people, so I would definitely recommend limiting the number of sides you order. We had the macaroni and cheese (SO GOOD), the asparagus (needed salt), and the mashed potatoes (pretty tasty). Del Frisco's is off the Strip, but I would definitely recommend making a trip to this restaurant. It is definitely worth the trek.
5	For a while I had been trying to remember the name of the steakhouse I went to that had, by far, the most incredible steak I have ever tasted in my life. I was able to locate this steakhouse via Yelp and immediately recognized it.First of all, it's probably been about 3 years since I've eaten there, but that does not mean that any ounce of my being has forgotten about the delicious steak and everything else I consumed that very night. Now, I love a good steak. I order steaks the way they should be ordered, medium rare. And I am not usually a fan of having any type of crust or marinade on a steak because I love the real flavor of the meat. I am only saying this so that you know that this review comes from someone who actually loves steak.Now, if you are finding yourself in Vegas or are going there for whatever reason, and you are looking for a good steakhouse, you MUST go to this place. Sure, it will cost you a pretty penny, but to me it's worth it.Ambiance is good, steak is absolutely cooked to perfection, and all the side dishes are killer.
4	I had never really heard of this place before my initial visit. We came here during one of our Legendary Vegas trips. It was an extremely early dinner. Had to be because we had a long night of boozing ahead of us and let's face it. Nobody wants to throw up a $90 meal.Del Frisco's is an amazing steak house that prides themselves on quality food and service that makes you feel like a king. We were a party of approximately 12. We had very polite and courteous waitress that I honestly wouldn't mind taking home to momma. She was amazing. Despite lame advances of my friend at the end of the dinner, she kept it professional. Aside from her, they had an army of servers. No joke. Our drinks were refilled constantly. Never were our cups half full.The steak itself was amazing. I got the Prime Ribeye and it was cooked exactly how I like it. Slightly bloody, still twitching and spiced to perfection. The side dishes are family style. We ordered a hand full of them that covered everyone. I wasn't as impressed with the side as my friends were but they complimented the meal very well. As soon as the sides came out, the army of servers circled the table and attacked, literally..."Sir, would you like some corn?""Sir, would you like some Potatoes Au Gratin?"""Sir, would you like some Asparagus?""Sir, would you like some Mac and Cheese?"It was quite overwhelming, but in a good way. Great service. Definitely a spot I would recommend if you're looking for a pretty money steakhouse in LV.
5	Came here with a group of 12 guys so we were setup in a nice little VIP room in the back.The seafood was phenomenal. Jumbo Shrimp with 3 sauces, Crab Cakes were missing the cake but had plenty of Crab, and Crab Legs were solid.I ordered the Porterhouse and the Prime Rib portion was perfect. Rib Eye was slightly charred, but still had great flavor.Overall, highly recommended for a steak house to try in Vegas!
4	This place is the bomb, for sure.I have been to the Del Friscos in Dallas but it's been a few years, so I thought I'd give the Vegas venue a shot.The restaurant is what you'd expect for an immaculate steakhouse - white linen tablecloths, friendly hosts / hostesses, a fantastic (albeit expensive) wine menu, live entertainment (piano player jazzy kind of a guy singer accompanied with an extremely well endowed bar fly girl dancing around the piano the whole night...ok that part wasn't necessarily "elegant steak house" material but it was fun to watch all the same).So on to the food. I had a very friendly waiter named David who was quite helpful. He was good enough to warn me that the side portions were "family style" and that it might be too much food to order 2 sides with my steak. Nice, most waiters would have simply scribbled down the order and ran to the kitchen. I had a filet with a side of peppercorn sauce and the au gratin potatoes. It would have been nice if they offered smaller sides; I would have had asparagus but since the sides are huge I decided on only one. The steak did not disappoint. It was buttery soft, served similar to Ruth's Chris with a little butter on a hot plate (not nearly as much butter though, which in some ways is a positive). I had several bits of the steak without the peppercorn sauce to verify the taste of the beef. It was very nice, although it could have had slightly more beefiness to it. I realize this is dangerous territory since most gourmets would probably say that's exactly as it should be, but at this point I am comparing all steaks to Harriss' in San Francisco, and I'm happy to say (because I live within walking distance to Harriss') that I don't think this one was quite as good. As for the au gratin potatoes, they are pure heart stopping bliss in a nice hot dish. Cheesy, gooey, potatoey, baconey heaven in a bowl. Nice Southern cajun accent to the dish. So, I'd definitely go to Del Friscos again because it certainly doesn't suck. I am still on the quest though for the better steak. Rumor has it that MIchael Minna is offering the only true Kobe steak in town (in Vegas that is). May have to investigate further. I think it's sad how Kobe beef is raised, similar to veal, but if you've ever had real Kobe you will never forget the experience and I may have to indulge once more.
5	We brought the bachelor here for dinner, and everyone was happy.  The steaks here are incredible, as was the magnum that the sommelier helped us pick out.Service was good, food was excellent, ambiance was nice, and the prices were more reasonable than comparable restaurants on the Strip.  I got a bone-in ribeye, my friends all got various filet mignons, and everyone left happy.  My ribeye was as good as any I've had, and I suspect the filets were of equally high quality.We didn't get dessert because we were so full, so I can't comment on that, but overall Del Frisco's was great and I can't wait to come back, whether it's in Vegas or at one of their other locations.  Too bad there's none in SF.
5	This place lives up to the reviews of the other Yelpers.  There were four of us and we ordered 2 bone in rib eye's and 2 filet mignons and  they were cooked to perfection.  We started off with shrimp cocktail and a half dozen oysters on the half shell.  Both appetizers were delicious.  The size of the shrimps were just shy of a Black Angus lobster tail.  We also had potato au gratin and mac and cheese as sides.  As for dessert, we had the praline parfait, butterscotch cheesecake, and their well known lemon cake!  My friend works in the hospitality profession and knows the Manager there, so they were kind enough to comp all of our desserts!!!!  We were all impressed about their steaks and as a consensus, this place is just as good as Mortons, The Palms, Mastros, Smith and Wollensky's.  Even though it is off the strip, I would definitely go back again.
5	Best steak dinner I've ever had in my life.   Even better than San Francisco's House of Prime Rib, my former fave.We had...  (Geez.  What didn't we have?)  Just order whatever looks good.  You can't go wrong!   I even received a hand written thank you card from them in the mail a week later!
5	If you want THE BEST RIBEYE and THE BEST SERVICE, come here.  A name like Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House better be hardcore/legit and man oh man is it!  It's hard to believe there is a steakhouse that is easily 2-3 notches above a Mastro's, Ruth's Chris, and Fleming's in terms of food taste/quality and service, but there is and the place is called Del Frisco's.  This place doesn't need any gimmicks to get you into the door (i.e. online discounts, club-like atmosphere, etc.).  This place is a true steakhouse with well trained staff that are on top of their game.  Our server was friendly, attentive, polite, and informative when it came to questions on the menu.  Came here for a friend's bday (party of 6) and everyone was blown away.  The steak knife was solid, heavy, and even had a Del Frisco's engraving on it.  That surely sets the stage for what is to come. I ordered the bone-in ribeye and it came out perfect, as a $49.95 medium rare ribeye should. The meat was surprisingly very tender and the seasoning was to perfection.  I'm not going to go on and on about the rest of my evening or talk about the sides.  No need to.  Get the bone-in ribeye and you will easily find yourself commenting with a 5 star post like mine next time you get onto Yelp.
5	We were recommended Del Friscos by a friend for a romantic dinner for two and it exceeded our expectations:- to begin, they have a great cocktail list. Although it is pricey, the whole meal is quite pricey anyway- great wine list, decent prices if you buy a bottle- BEST steak I have ever eaten. Slices like butter and seriously melts in your mouth (no exaggeration). We didn't want the steak to end and were savoring every moment!- Staff is very friendly and made our experience very memorable. We went on Valentine's Day (which meant it was crazy busy) but we could barely tell because our waiter gave us the right amount of attention. He even took some cute pictures of us for a memoryWe will be going back for sure next time we are in Sin city!
5	i love this place. i always come here for the steak.They cook the steak the way i want it, which i can't never ever able to do it at home, it's so juicy and melt in your mouth. thinking of this make me want to get some right now.  the services are excellence.  The waiter area always there and ready to get whatever is needed. great place to take your friend here if they ask for steak
5	I love steak! So it only made sense that I ate at a steakhouse at least once while vacationing in Las Vegas.  Seeing Del Frisco's (then yelping, of course) on the way to my hotel, my mom and I decided to try it!We started off with the Classic Caesar Salad, which the waitress kindly divided onto two plates, as I was sharing with my mom. It was one of the best Caesar salads I've ever had!  With an already satisfied pallet, I couldn't wait for the steak.  We ordered the Filet Mignon with a side of Au Gratin potatoes.  The steak, seasoned with some salt and pepper,  was definitely top notch.  Though I prefer Ruth's Chris, the steak came in a close second!  Juicy & melts in your melt, the steak satisfied my craving right off the bat.  The potatoes were delicious, as well...and I know my potatoes, so when I say delicious, I mean it!  Melted cheese piled on top of slices of potatoes is just how I like it.  Afterwards, I was so full I couldn't even order dessert!Overall, Del Frisco's is definitely worth a try if you're craving steak.  Make sure you go when you're hungry, so you have room to try everything on the menu!  Great service & great food, this place is an A+ in my book!
5	In the top 3 steak restaurants ever for me. The service was impeccable--on top of things, extremely courteous, but not overbearing.Crab cakes were nearly perfect as an app, and the Turtle Soup was impressive as well. For steaks, well, I'd recommend jumping into the Double Eagle Steak if you can eat 26 oz of great steak.Come to think of it, if you can't/don't want to eat that much steak, this probably isn't the right place for you. The food is top notch and it's a very elegant restaurant, but the portions are for the faint of heart.It's a lot of food and the cost is a little bit too expensive for the food, but I was quite impressed anyway.Also, the wine list was very, very extensive (over 1K bottles) from all price ranges
5	Hands down, some of the best meat I've ever had. My brother and I walked in on a Saturday night for dinner on a recommendation from a cabbie. Figured we wouldn't get in without a reservation since the place seemed so fancy, but we were seated immediately. Since we were on a schedule, told the waiter we could only stay for an hour and change, and he totally accommodated us. We were out the door in exactly the time we wanted to leave.The restaurant interior and ambiance is very nice. Looks a bit like a old fancy saloon. I had the lamb and it was seasoned and cooked to perfection. Also enjoyed my dish with a side of au gratin potatoes and creamed spinach which were richly creamy and succulent. The place has a couple plasma TVs, so my brother and I were able to catch the Ohio St./USC game, which was awesome!The service here is impeccable. Our waiter was always attentive, friendly and helpful on suggestions whenever we had questions about anything. Overall, it was a great experience. I wouldn't come here every week though, since the prices are sky-high, but hey, when you're in Vegas you have to splurge once in a while. :)
2	I came here last year with my boyfriend's family for a nice dinner. It has a old school Las Vegas feel off the strip. I remember getting the seafood platter which was pretty good. It had an assortment of shrimp, stone crab and oysters. I had some of the prime ribeye with potatoes au gratin. The sauteed mushrooms were good too. It was a pretty good steakhouse but I think I have had better. They have a bucket full of golf tees in front with their logo so you can take one home.
5	In one word: fabulous. Now for the long version: We started out with the VIP (for vodka-infused pineapple) martinis. They're as delicious as they are refreshing.The menu suggests you let the waiter know how you'd like your meal to be paced. For example, they'll get you your meal faster if you're headed to a show. Dining at Del Frisco's was our event for the evening; we were in no hurry. This was a good thing, as we felt no pressure while we munched on the oven-warm bread and perused the considerable wine list and menu. I was pleased that the menu listed potatoes prepared in a variety of properly calorie-laden ways, all under the heading of "vegetables." Clearly, Del Frisco's understands the carnivore spirit!  Litha ordered the crab cake and said it was better than any she'd ever had. I (as part of my duty to you, dear reader) gave it the taste test and found it spicy, dramatic and delicious. Worth noting: the crab cake isn't battered and deep-fried as so many are; rather, it contains generous chunks of real crab that actually tastes like crab. I had the steak tartare. It's not something you see very often, and you shouldn't order it unless you know what it is. I knew what to expect flavor-wise, but was surprised by the size (HUGE) of the tender and flavorful treat. Finally, the main event: she had the seared Ahi tuna, I had their signature "Double Eagle" steak, with sides of scalloped potatoes and asparagus. There was a minor issue with the asparagus -- someone forgot to serve it. When I asked a roving employee about it, it was like watching a well-oiled machine spring into action. Before Emeril could say "BAM" out was coming an order of asparagus, headed straight to our table......where it was headed off by our server, who knew we'd ordered the asparagus "naked" with the sauce on the side. Honestly, I have no idea how their kitchen turns expedited orders around so quickly but a (back to Emeril) BAM later and our perfectly prepared asparagus was on the table. We did our best with the entrees and had them take the plates away. We took a break between courses, and watched the show going on around us. The staff, again operating smoothly and efficiently, turned tables within just a few minutes - no looking at dirty linens for us. There was one unsightly visage, however.  Being that this is Vegas, in this fine steak house, a customer dressed as a trailer-park refugee chowed down directly across from us in his very best ball cap, t-shirt, shorts and sandals. Ugh. The only solution to the visual blight was to order after dinner drinks and coffee from Del Frisco's extensive offerings (including some nice port wines). Since we were celebrating a birthday, they surprised with a comped lemon cake (light, tart, tasty). A fabulous dinner, but we were stuffed beyond redemption. After managing to make it back to our hotel to change clothes, we took a loooong walk down the Las Vegas strip. Needed!The final pleasant surprise came a week or so later after we'd returned home to Long Beach and got a personal, handwritten note from our server thanking us (see http://alturl.com/ohr6). Thank YOU, Brian.
3	Our group of seven made reservations for Del Frisco's on a Saturday night around 9pm.  We arrived and were promptly seated in a semi-private room (which was great as we were a bit loud and noisy).The service above all else was impeccable - more to that later.We had heard so much about the vodka infused pineapple and so many of us ordered it.  My feeling was that it was delicious, but too tropical fruity for a steak dinner.  Okay for the lounge chair by the pool, but too tangy and sweet for a rich steak.Below is my review of our meal:1) sliced tomatoes and onions..  meh, I've had better, I liked that there was blue cheese crumble on the tomatoes and onions.  But there were only 3-4 tomato slices and the tomatoes tasted like styrofoam - absolutely no tomato-flavor.2) shanghai fried calamari- wha?  don't understand the introduction of an Asian flavor into this otherwise, traditional steak house menu.  The soy-based, overly sweet sauce was not a good appetizer for the meal3) asparagus - good, but how do you go wrong with asparagus cooked in butter?4) potatoes au gratin - not done well at all.  First the potatoes were not hot, just mildy warm.  Second there was no nice, broiled "crust" on the gratin.  It was kinda just mushy, and the potatoes were cut in chunks and not sliced. BE WARNED, there is BACON.5) creamed spinach - not bad, but again how can you go wrong with mushed up spinach and cream.  Again, there is BACON in this dish.6) wedge of lettuce - blue cheese dressing is good, I think the blue cheese could have been stronger, but good7) Porterhouse - good but definitely not "melt-in-your-mouth" great as I have had at other steak restaurants (Peter Luger's, even Ruth Chris). Lacked a crust to the meat, which I usually look forward to.  8) RibEye - again, good, but was a bit salty for some. 9) Lemon Cake - meh, nothing to write home about10) Melted Chocolate Cake (or something like it) with ice cream - again, nothing special, and the ice cream and a weird, tangy flavor11) coffee - WEAK, and tepid.  THe manager came back and refilled our cups, but still it barely tasted like coffee.  If you like airplane coffee, it might suffice..Service overall is FANTASTIC.  At one point, when they served the steak, we had 6 people serving our table, helping us cut the meat, serve the appetizers, etc.  The manager was also very gracious, when we mentioned that people in our party did not eat pork and was disappointed in the gratin and creamed spinach.  She eventually removed those appetizers off our bill and comped us free coffee and dessert!So all in all, food was meh, service was fantastic.
5	Best steak I've ever had.I had the bone-in rib-eye, medium-rare. Perfectly cooked. My husband got the Porter House which was just as good. This isn't a place that is afraid of flavoring their meat. Service was good. I got a little moody when they tried to sit us at the tiny 2 person table right in front of the kitchen entrance when there were much better tables open, but I made very clear that this wouldn't fly and we were quickly reseated appropriately (Normally I'd take a star away for this especially since we made the reservation 2 weeks in advance but they did rectify it quickly, and were polite when I requested the change).We also got the creamed potatoes, some random drinks, a dessert, and wine,  and although all of these were good I'm giving this restaurant 5 stars for a single slab of meat which was, quite honestly, an orgasmic gastronomic experience..
5	It is always difficult to locate a restaurant that makes a really good tasting Steak. There are many American steak houses that are not up to my standards in terms of quality and taste such as Ruth Chris or Houston's, however Del Friscos makes ones of the best tasting states ever!I had the bone-in-rib-eye steak (22 ounces i believe), medium  and for $49.95. The steak is extremely big, fits basically on the majority of the plate. The steak is super fresh, delivered from the ranch every 2 weeks and never frozen. The steak doesn't need any steak sauces as the the pepper and the nature taste of the steak of more than sufficient. I would recommend getting some sides such as the mushrooms, potatoes etc...Their famous drink made at the restaurant is their pineapple vodka. the pineapple is aged for a few weeks with vodka. The 5 ounces is very smooth and strong.This place is a great place to eat after a dance, a Broadway show, a classy party etc.. Its a real classy, high end place :)
5	One of the best steaks I have ever had.  This place has the total high-end restaurant feel without the attitude that normally goes with it.  Great decor and well dressed friendly staff.  I had a fantastic filet, the asparagus with toasted sliced almonds was crisp and tasty. The spinach was great in that it retained the spinach flavor that normally gets lost when you cream it.  The potatoes were good. The sides are huge so we each ordered one and worked them family style.  They had an okay selection of beer but their house pineapple martini, where they soak a pineapple in vodka, let it sit then press it was out of this world.  Totally worth it.
4	Hum. Let's see I haven't been here in about 6 years. What I remembered it was a pretty good spot with excellent service! Kinda still rings true to this day, but a slight differences. The only difference was that the service was a bit overbearing, I guess that's better than not getting any attentive service. I really can't complain about that!Food was pretty good, sauce's were extra. It's the standard steakhouse fare. I had the rib eye, which I might add was pretty good. Nicely cooked and very flavorful. The vegetables sides, were good too. Considering it is a steakhouse, the creamed spinach was good, along with the corn and etc. Overall it is pretty solid in terms of food and service. I would definitely go back and enjoy another fine meal here.
5	A wonderful dining experience. The service was impeccable and the food was wonderful.  We started with the crab cake with cajun sauce which was delicious. We each had a salad. The caesar was good and the croutons were obviously made right there because they melted in your mouth. I had the 22 porterhouse steak, medium rare, which came out exactly as ordered. Delicious clear to the bone. My wife had two 4 oz filet mignon medallions. One was served "oscar" style with bernaise, crab and asparagus. The other was served with a jumbo shrimp and a large scallop.  For sides we chose the asparagus, sauteed mushrooms and the potatoes au gratin. The whole meal was a great dining experience. For dessert we had coffee and the lemon cake. We will definitely be going back on our next trip to Vegas.
4	ROCK-SOLID FOUR STARS The standouts:They held our reservation (we called, stuck in traffic) an extra 20 minutes even though the place was packed. And when I say packed, I am not kidding. Their signature pineapple-infused vodka.  Good doesn't begin to describe this cocktail.The bread.  Yes, it's bread.  But it is everything bread should be.  And more. Crab cake appetizer.  Best I've ever had without a breeze off the Atlantic blowing gently in my face.We were wished a happy anniversary and served without charge the lemon cake they're known for.The steaks.  Very, very good.  Perfect, in fact. No children.  Not a one.  The minor irritations:We were seated right next to the kitchen.  I know, I know, SOMEONE has to sit there.  But Liz-the-bitch doesn't LIKE sitting next to the kitchen. We were rushed.  No 'feeling rushed' about it.  We.  Were.  Rushed.We had to flag down our server and ask for after-dinner coffee.  WE HAD TO ASK FOR AFTER-DINNER COFFEE.  Huge fail. That lemon cake?  Good, but you know, maybe we wanted to peruse the dessert menu  and perhaps make an additional choice. They lose a Liz-Star(TM) on that one.  I take my dessert very seriously.  Conclusion:Good steakhouse.  Very good, actually.  The food was fabulous. The minor irritations listed above had everything to do with the fact that it was very crowded.  On a Thursday, by the way.  A restaurant with their reputation and their prices can and should do better regardless of how busy they are.
5	this place is like almost tied with my "best steak i've ever had in my life" at peter lugers in ny.  i had a bone in fillet and it was freakin juicy and perfect!  i woudl so go there again. my runner up for steak is also mastro's in beverly hills.  omg, so good. so so good.
3	The service was impeccable and the ambiance was fabulous, but unfortunately we had a terrible experience with the food. I've heard great things about this restaurant for years and was excited to try it. Everything was beautiful, but every dish we ordered was just average. The potatoes were creamy but too rich to eat, and my salmon (or the sauce on the salmon) had obviously gone bad. It tasted moldy! Everyone in my party who ordered the salmon experienced this. The vegetables were steamed simply, which I'm fine with, but as I was unable to eat anything else on my plate they weren't enough to write home about. The bread pudding was too sweet to eat, and had an unpleasant consistency. I was with a large group and we all ordered the bread pudding, but no one was able to eat it! An incredibly expensive meal for low quality food. Skip the menu, have a drink at the beautiful bar.
5	Everyone pretty much said it all. We came to Vegas during the off peak time in December. I know the place can get crazy packed during peak time so the review is based on how it's like when it's not crazy packed.Food: Basically it's meat or seafood here. I came for the meat as the name of the restaurant contains the word Steak. Their steaks did not disappoint. I ordered the porter house medium and it was cooked to perfection and my GF ordered the filet mignon medium well and it was perfect for her too. Shanghai calamari was excellent. Basically fried calamari with sweet and spicy sauce, although it was sweeter than spicy. Service: Excellent! Food was half the better, service is the other and they nailed both. Our waitress was in training so it was kind of interesting to see the person training her and how he was shadowing her every move and whispering in her ears what to say. Water refilled constantly, our waitress always checked up on us even after food was served. I don't mind tipping more for service like this. Price: Cheaper than the steak house on the strip. Comparing it mainly to the prices at Craft Steak. Their 8 ounce filet mignon cost more than Del Frisco's 10 ounce. Portions: Even though it's a la cart style of ordering, the portions are huge. Bonus: Received a Christmas card from our waitress, handwritten! Priceless!
2	Expectations were high for our New Years Eve Dinner and unfortunately Del Frisco's could not deliver for our party.In retrospect I knew I should have stayed away from the tasting menu as I know I am not a "noshing" kind of guy and I like the big portions and a full size steak.Service was good given the place was pretty busy...BUT attention to detail was very much lacking.  We called ahead to ensure there was a good non-alc sparkling wine for my pregnant significant other who is normally a wine connoisseur (when not with child).  When we called ahead to attempt to bring in our own bottle they said they had some NA Sparkling Champagne...when we get there they whip out a freaking bottle of Martinellis Cider????Another person in our party was the smart one and got a steak a la carte - bone in rib eye which was juicy and perfectly seasoned.  I got the Pri Fix Rib Eye which was disappointing...looked like a cut of steak you can get from Vons in the family pack.  Crab cake was good-right amount of crab (Blue) to binding portion.  Again small bite on the tasting menu, was sooo tempted to get a full order.My general rule is to try a place more than once before ruling it out, so the crab cake was definitely enough to bring me back for another try at their Steak.
5	The only thing i can say is "awesome"Bread - Eat the bread.  Might as well been a steak.  phenomenal...AppetizersMainDessertDrinksAll the above was excellent.  I liked the James Bond Table also.  This place is worth every penny.You will fill out of place if you think you can go in short or something.  Dress neat casual and up.
4	Came here on Christmas Eve with my family.Everything we got was amazing. Perfect ambiance for a Christmas Eve dinner.Steak (oscar style) was great. Chopped salad (off menu) was awesome. CRAB CAKES are the best. Their pineapple house martini was delicious as well. I liked everything except the desserts: lemon cake and bread pudding! PASS! Much better other places.  So skip that.Good food here!
5	Del Frisco's what a great place to eat. My Wife and I went on a trip to Vegas in January. So we made reservations to eat at Del Frisco's while we were there. Because a friend of ours told us it was a must to eat at Del Frisco's when you are in Vegas. Our big night was Tuesday Jan. 26, 2010. It was fabulous, what a great meal. For starters we had a salad with the house dressing that was to die for. I ask our waitress Liz, if they sold it? The answer was no. To bad, I would have bought a case! So after the salad we shared a bone in filet mignon ( mouth watering ) and a lobster tail with an order of the chateau potatoes. Every thing was superb. We were treated great from the minute we walked in the front door. Out waitress Liz  was wonderful and all the other staff members. After our meal Liz treated us to a viewing of the James Bond Wine table. That was pretty cool. Then a few days after returning home from our vacation we received a Thank you card from Liz. That is a very nice ending to a great vacation and a wonderful meal. So the next time you visit Vegas I would highly recommend that you eat at Del Frisco's .
4	What can I say, the steak was truly the best steak I've ever had.  I've never really had a hot steak, that was still medium rare in the middle.  Seasoned very well, and cooked amazingly.I had the Prime Strip, and some others had the Prime Rib.  Everyone loved it, and I'd say the guys are all steak lovers and have had their fair share of steaks from around the country.Sides were pretty standard for any steak house.  The only thing I wouldn't get again is the mac n cheese, it was average at best.  I do love my mac and cheese too.Service was excellent.  Ambiance was that of a steak house, a bit on the dark side too.I'd rank this is as the best steak I've had in Vegas or California. So in the end 5* for the steak and 5* for service, 3* for the sides.  It is a bit on the pricey side too.
5	We have been going to this place for years. It has become an excuse for a 4 hour drive to Vegas. Everything about Del Frisco's from the service to the wine list to the food...hmmm the food...is absolutely top notch. Considering other places that offer this level of quality the prices are actually quite reasonable. With appetizer and dessert (no alcohol) my wife and I usually spend $150 (including tip). The key things on the menu that you should not miss are: Crab Cake - Large and very dense. these are not the crab cakes you find at most restaurant that are fried, these are mountains of crab surrounded by a delicious spicy sauce (i would call it medium). 2 people could share one easily. Rib Eye - All the steaks on the menu I'm sure are delicious, but our our order is always the rib eye. We usually order the carpet bagger (10 oz steak with Mash Potatoes) or you can order the steak alone that come in 16 oz + sizes. Mash Potatoes - These are a dream. buttery with a kick of onion. They bring it to the table with fresh butter on top to make it extra creamy. The carpet bagger has enough for one, other wise the family style sides can all serve 3-4 people. Asparagus - If you are a fan of veggies you will love these. They are cooked medium, so they are tasty but still have a crunch. Mushrooms - They go great with a steak. The mushrooms are whole sauteed in butter with plenty of black pepper. Finally, last but in no way least...dessert. Warm Chocolate Cake.....hmmmm. This used to be served in a pastry shell which was tasty, but hard eat. The new version is served warm with scoop of vanilla ice cream. The ice cream is good, but the cake is center stage. It has a melting center that is pure chocolate goodness and the cake itself has the texture of a fudge brownie that just melts in your mouth. Really...don't pass this up. It's the reason we only order the 10 oz steak. Bon Appetit!
5	Took several business associates to dinner last week just prior to the start of our trade show.  I dealt with a knowledgeable booker who arranged a private room, Dakota,  for our party of 9 the afternoon of my dinner.  I arrived 30 minutes prior to the scheduled time and was escorted to the room promptly.  I was introduced to my two servers, Jonathan and another guy, who were both professional and proficient.  I explained how I wanted the meal to proceed and they were appropriately accommodating.  Most everyone in our party ordered some sort of steak and they were uniformly excellent.  Mine was the bone-in filet and it was great.  I started with the shrimp roumalade (sp) that I had ordered on a previous occasion there and it was great.  Large, meaty shrimp in a tangy sauce.  One of the sides ordered was some potato chip thing that got raves from everyone there.  The wine list was extensive enough to enable anyone to find something appropriate.  We were fortunate enough to wind up getting a tour of the kitchen as well as a first hand look at the James Bond Table.  It was a great way to break up the meal and my associates are still talking about it.The whole meal was great start to finish and I would certainly recommend Del Friscos to anyone looking  for a reliable steak place in Vegas.
4	Visited in November 2009.  Food was excellent.  The wait staff lacked a little bit of ingenuity.  We asked to separate our alcohol from our food since a couple of us were on company tabs.  Not unreasonable since we asked for this upfront.  She flat out told us NO.  After she ran the tab, the manager came over and said we could separate the alcohol and apologized.  Umm, where were you 2 hours ago???The food was phenomenal so it made up for their snafu.  Take the cab ride off the strip.  You won't be disappointed
5	I have been to a few steakhouses such as Ruth Chris, Morton's, and etc, but Del Frisco is on the top of the list.  It is one of those MUST go places for me when I'm in Vegas.  The ironic thing is Ruth Chris is right across the street from Del Frisco in Vegas.  I wonder how they stay in business when Del Frisco is sucking up all the business.  Must be a vegetarian Ruth Chris or something.  The ambiance of the place is great.  There is live music and the lighting is not too bright and not too dark, just perfect.  I can see what I am eating.  The service is was top notch.  Our server was professional, knowledgeable about every item on the menu, and very attentive.  The food will have you rolling your eyes back.  It's that good.  You start off with freshly baked bread.  The crab cake pairs really well with the cajun sauce.  Don't miss out on the crab cakes, you will regret it.  I had the Ribeye and it is the best Ribeye steak I ever have had.  It was perfectly seasoned and cooked to the right temperature.  The sides I had with my steak was potatoes au grouton, mushrooms, and mac and cheese.  The best side dish is the potatoes au grouton.  It is THE ultimate man side dish.  It is potato squares with cheese and bacon.  Nothing healthy about this dish, just pure goodness.  If you are a guy, you have to order this dish.  If not, just send me your man card.  Unfortunately I did not try out any desserts because I was stuffed to the max.  I will make sure to try out one of the desserts on my next visit (hopefully soon).  The bill will be over $100 easy.  It is expected when dining in a good steakhouse.  In the end, I wish I can give Del Frisco 6 stars!  Matter of fact, here you go Del Frisco's,  *.  This place knows how to make steak.  If God came down and asked you to recommend a good steak place, you better recommend Del Frisco's or you are going to hell because you are doing God dirty if you recommend any other place.Bon Appetit everyone!
5	I found this place on Yelp, looking for a good steakhouse in Vegas to celebrate an early birthday dinner.  It did not disappoint!First off, the service is first rate.  Someone was always asking if we needed anything or if we had any questions.  And this was from many different people who worked there.The ambiance is nice and relaxed there.  And the decor is what you would expect from a typical steak house.My wife and I shared a 22oz Wagyu steak.  This was the best steak my wife and I have ever eaten.  It was perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned.  Each bite melted in my mouth.We also had the lobster macaroni and cheese and potatoes Au gratin as sides.  The macaroni and cheese was great.  The potatoes were on the average side.  One nice side note, one of the hostesses offered us some fried oysters just to try for free.  Those were great!  Although my wife and I like raw oysters better, this was as good as you can get it for oysters that were fried.Anyone looking for a steakhouse in Vegas should come here and stay off the strip.
5	Del Frisco's is the absolute best steakhouse in Las Vegas... Hands down.The night before, we devoured the Beef Bowl Cut (25oz) bone in prime rib from Lawry's Prime Rib and we wanted to continue the good eats tour.We ordered:16oz Bone in Filet Mignon ($65) - Probably the most tender piece of meat I have ever eaten... Cooked medium rare, this behemoth was flavorful and practically melted in my mouth. I would definitely order this again!32oz Tamohawk Bone in Ribeye ($90) - Prepared medium rare as well... This is from a Wagyu Steer and it was perfectly marbled. The meat was tender and robust with flavor. I also loved this choice! Definitely a repeat order.Crab Cakes in lobster sauce ($17) - I've never had some much crab in my crab cakes! The lobster sauce was a hit as well. Our waiter suggested that we dip our bread in the sauce and boy did we...! I would order this again. Potatoes Au Gratin - Large chunks of bacon, plenty of cheesy goodness over potatoes. A winner!Supreme Creamed Spinach - Finally a creamed spinach that taste more like spinach that the cream. It was delightfully delicious and the perfect compliment to any meat.Lemon Doberge Cake ($10) - The most sinfully delicious lemon cake you will ever have. The cake is light and fluffy and the lemon cream is light and refreshing. I went with a friend who hates desserts and much as he hates dancing. We were at a best friends wedding and she asked him to dance which he declined. How do you decline a dance requested by the bride whom you known for 10+ years? That's how much he hates dancing... And thats how much he hates desserts. After reading that, he polished off a whole slice of lemon cake by himself. Now thats a pretty damn good slice of lemon cake!Overall I would definitely recommend this place to anyone coming to Vegas looking for a steak... let alone a good meal. Although it was on the pricey side, it was worth every penny. I cant sing enough praise for this place!!Look at my pictures!!
5	I had very high expectations going into this place.  A friend said that it was the best steak he's ever head, and he's a self-proclaimed expert on steak.  It was excellent.  The side dishes were ridiculuous.  We had the sweet potato, mushrooms, and potatoes au graten.  Yikes!  Get it!!!!  I had the New York strip (my favorite).  While it was very very good, it wasn't the best I've ever head.  I do recommend this place.  In a very down Vegas economy, this place was packed.
4	This is a great place to go if you are looking for a good steakhouse in Vegas.  We went here w/ a group of 17 for a friends b-day.  It took us sometime to get seated even if we made reservations but we did request for a private room.  While waiting we sat at the bar.  There was someone playing the piano who took requests - hello Billy Joel songs! You also need to check out their James Bond table.  It will suddenly open and play songs from the movie.  It also has wine that is etched w/ the different James Bond movies.Once we were seated, service was fast and good.  The B and I shared a porterhouse and crab legs.  I like my steak w/ bone and medium rare.  Our steak came medium but the server was quick to get us a new piece of steak when we complained.   The steak was coated in a seasoning of spices w/ lots of pepper.  It was really good!  Perfectly seared outside and rare inside.  Delish!  The crab legs were really good too.We also ordered Oysters (west coast) - I like the sweeter variety. They were also superb.  Did I mention the sesame bread that comes before the meal?  It was served warm as any good restaurant should and w/ whipped butter - I think it was sweet cream butter.This one takes the cake. Lobster Mac and Cheese!  You have to get it.  It's the best mac and cheese I've ever had in my whole life.I will come back anytime.
5	Old school, and I loved it. Was going to deduct  one star because I agree with the girlfriend that the decor could be a bit darker and more clubby (lose the white ceiling tiles), but I couldn't. This place is a class act in true steakhouse style. The server was very knowledgeable and truly seemed to be enjoying her job. Old fashioned, dirty Grey Goose and reasonable Argentinian malbec, very nice. Shrimp cocktail, huge, tasty shrimp. Salads, hmmmmmm, don't remember. Waygu Ribeye for two, so flavorful and tender. Cooked a bit less than medium rare, but we didn't mind. Chateau potatoes and spinach supreme, rich and tasty. Table full of guys on a guy weekend staring at my girlfriend, also nice. James Bond table.....priceless. Highly reccomended!!
5	Hands down, the best steakhouse I've ever been to.The Bone-In-Rib-Eye was amazing, the service was impeccable and you have to love the fact that you aren't sitting in some restaurant located on the strip and feeling like you're getting robbed. The party we had was 11 guys and the wait staff took care of us. Definitely a favorite and I will return.
5	Went here for my friend's bachelor dinner.  I had the rib-eye (not bone in).  DELICIOUS.  Another friend had the porterhouse; he's usually very difficult to please, but he was quite impressed.  My third dining companion had the "American Wagyu" (which the waiter described as "American Kobe beef.")  Now I've never had Kobe beef, but if it's anything like that 38 oz monster they serve here at Del Frisco's (very well marbled, tender, and juicy), I want to try it.  (It's not always on the menu; it was a specialty item that night.)If they have the lobster mac-and-cheese, get it.  (Not always on the menu, either, but probably the best mac-and-cheese I've ever had).   Super creamy, and not with tiny shreds of lobster like you might imagine: big, meaty chunks, many of which are claw meat.The service was quite good.  My friend's steak was too salty for his tasty (this is something to be wary of, they do season very liberally here, unless you specify otherwise), and they brought him back a WHOLE NEW STEAK, and apologized profusely.  ("We're so sorry, the chef must have had a very heavy hand tonight with the salt... Is this one more to your liking?")They have large TVs in many of the rooms playing sports games, so if you have a friend who's easily distracted, don't expect too much conversation.A must-try.
4	After reading the great reviews by others on this site, I made a boking for Del Frisco's during a recent trade show that took me to Vegas. I was not disapointed at all. I got to sit outside on a nice evening and enjoyed a great steak. The service was a little slow at first but I was not in a hurry.I asked for fries with my meat and got some huge cut fries. They were not good at all and the waiter graciously took them off the bill for me.The wine list is very pricey but has an incredible collection of great wines. A few quick searches on my iPhone showed that they multiply wine prices by at least 3 (when compared to retail). They also have a nice cigar selection.
4	Too few places in Vegas like this.Disclosure: I have boycotted this place for years because they don't allow corkage.  However, a couple friends dragged me here for a celebration and I was kicking and screaming the whole way there.  Once there, I tried to get over my personal feelings and enjoy the night.  I'm glad I did.  The service was excellent.  I swear there there about 3 people waiting on us, the manager came by a couple times and the sommelier was very chatty with us, as well.  We ordered two appetizers: crab cakes (good, full of crab with very little filler - the way it should be) and oysters rockefeller (I prefer raw oysters, but this was pretty good).  The wine list was deep, which is probably why they don't allow for corkage, but it was pretty pricey, even compared to some strip restaurants.  However, I dug in and found some two bottles of wine that were maybe 50% over retail.  For our entrees, we shared two steaks: a bone-in filet and a bone-in rib eye.  Both were med-rare, of course, and cooked to perfection.  I really don't like filet, in general, because it usually has very little beef flavor, but this cut was actually pretty tasty.  The rib eye was good, on par with the best I've had.  Meaty, tender and bloody - just the way I like it.  For sides, we definitely over-ordered with mashed sweet potatoes (very good), mac and cheese (meh), creamed spinach (among the best) and potatoes au gratin (nothing special).  For desert, we had the lemon cake (fantastic!!!) and the chocolate cake (pretty good).The portions of everything were good sized, especially the sides.  We were stuffed.  The food was memorable and the service was spectacular.  It almost felt like it was neighborhood restaurant, as opposed to something so close to the strip and packed with tourists.
5	wow. del frisco's was simply amazing. six of us split 3 orders of their wagyu bone in steak. it was so thick and topped with a salty, peppery crust. looking at the meat reminded me of ahi tuna, and the meat melted in your mouth. my meal the next day just couldn't compare.we also had the crab cakes, lobster mac and creamed spinach with bacon....Tony was one awesome waiter. he was very engaged, laid back to talk to, and accommodated our strange requests.great evening, great times. will come again.
5	I've consistently traveled to Vegas at least once a year for the past 15 years. Del Frisco's is always a must go. The last time, I ordered a bone in rib eye, med rare. My gf ordered a fillet and we split an order of the lobster mac and cheese. Once again they did not disappoint. My steak was made to my order and you could almost pull it apart with a fork. The staff was extremely knowledgeable and paired an excellent wine with the meal. And no, they did not steer us to the pricier wines. They actually recommended a very well priced house wine. I also enjoy the ambiance of the business. It's off the strip so it's a nice break away from the big resorts when you're out there. I've been there several times and I always look forward to going back.
5	dude. pricey. but well worth it.  in the heart of the financial district.. which i've never ever seen before.the service was the business.  like 4 ppl wait on you..   my rib eye steak was a a little burned on the outside.. but still tender and non-chewy. it was perfect!  the sides. the shit. yams and sweet potato mashed potatoes. yeah.  if u got the ends, definitely try it!
5	Excellent service, Great Steak...Reservations recommended. You don't have to dress up just as long as you look okay... It's family style side dishes...and the mushrooms are my fave!  Make sure you ask for Tony as your server..he will treat you well! Oh, and don't forget to check out their James Bond wine collections!
5	I went here for dinner with a bunch of friends and family for my Fiancee's birthday. I asked several different casino and cab people where the best steak place was. Seriously, all 8 people said The Double Eagle. I had the prime rib medium rare with the baked potato and a lettuce wedge. Normally when I go to a nice place like this with clearly featured entrees, I want to try their fastball. The prime rib was perfectly cooked and well seasoned on the outside. The potato was also very good. I could tell it hadn't been cooked hours before and left in a warmer, the outside was seasoned with thick Kosher salt. The lettuce wedge was a very cold iceberg quarter with huge blue cheese and bacon bits. I Love food that is straight forward and spot on. This was a meal you would think you could prepare at home but if you tried, you would come up lacking.  Our server was very helpful and received a well earned 30% tip on like a 700.00 check. ***Note: As a rule of thumb, at a new restaurant, I follow my nose. I could smell the coal grill in the kitchen from the second I came in and in a very good way.
5	Best Steaks in Vegas!!
5	Probably my favorite steakhouse next to Ruth's Chris, very similar in taste to it and Fleming's.  Make sure you have them turn on the James Bond table for you.  Bread is excellent.  Had the lemon cake, it was good, not amazing like some people here think.  It's gigantic though, probably can feed 4+ people, was way too much for two.  Staff is very friendly.
4	Date/Time:   Saturday - 10:00pmOccasion:    DinnerParty of:   TwoOrdered:   22oz  prime ribeye - medium, 24oz porterhouse - medium rare, potatoes au gratin, button mushrooms sauteed with sherry wine and garlic, and creamed spinach supreme with bacon.Location:   Nice ambiance, diverse, piano-bar feelTotal incl gratuity:   $163.00This place did not disappoint.  The service was very friendly; our waitress very attentive and very honest.  She made some fantastic recommendations of what to order and what went well with what.  The steak was very good; it definitely hit the spot and gave me the long awaited steak fix I was looking for.  They season the meat very well and it is cooked exactly how they describe.  Medium is a red center with hot pink sides.  It was delish.  I thought the ribeye was an excellent choice - tender and succulent.  It wasn't quite melt-in-your-mouth but nonetheless, it was still good.  We chose some fantastic sides...the creamed spinach with bacon bits was creamed heaven.   I enjoyed it very much.  If you like a hint of spice, request some tabasco sauce and sprinkle in into the spinach.  I find you can't go wrong with mushrooms - they always go well with steak.  And of course the potatoes au gratin.  They were extra cheesy and good though I definitely could feel the calories circulating into my body...Overall, an excellent dining experience!  Great place for steak off of the strip.
5	What an experience!we order 20oz lobster,12 oz lobster, 26oz steak,buttered mushrooms,sauteed broccoli and more steak. everything melted in your mouth. Fresh sesame seed bread. YUMMY!When the waiters brought out the food they served us. We did not have to do anything just stuff our faces.It's expensive here but worth every penny.The ambiance is fun, not quiet and stiff.You have to go and try it out.
5	This place was awesome! The wait staff was extremely friendly and attentive. My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had amazing seasoning. They have an excellent wine selection and had two sommelier on staff to help suggest wines. All in all, highly recommended.
5	Holy cow! Best steak ever!After hearing so many good things about the crab cakes, we decided to start with that. It was very good, had big chunks of crab and the sauce was delicious. We ended up using the bread to sop up all the sauce. The waiter came back to a shiny clean plate.I had the Porterhouse and my GF had the Prime Strip. Both of our steaks were perfectly cook, perfectly seasoned. The blue cheese mac-n-cheese wasn't bad either. Definitely my favorite steakhouse. Good: Almost everything, esp the steaks!Bad: No locations in nor-cal!Ok: Service was not the best but it wasn't bad at all.
3	I opened the rusty door of my mind and returned to this steakhouse for another try.I'm happy to report that the meal was considerably better than the last time I was here, and the service was attentive and charming, but Del Frisco's is still not one of the top steakhouses in Las Vegas. Particularly since their prices are not much less than the superstar joints on the strip.The wine list is full of great choices, but the mark-up is about 3 times. And I'm told they won't allow corkage for any price, which is just plain stupid.The lobster mac-n-cheese was a little watery and there are still no fries on the menu.So next time I'm planning to drop fat dough on beef protein, I'll likely pick another place....maybe something that rhymes with "fat dough" and starts with an M.
4	- LOVE LOVE LOVE the crab cake.  all meat!  best crab cake ive ever had.- did not love the lobster.  disappointed that after shelling top dollar the meat was a bit tough.- LOVE LOVE LOVED the lobster mac & cheese.  although i think they overseasoned with garlic salt a bit.  a little garlic salt goes a long way.- LOVE LOVE LOVED the steak.  we ordered the special (wagyu w/ the bone in) - tender and delicious.- LOVE LOVE LOOOOOOVE that damn lemon cake.  we had ordered too much and couldnt finish our slice so we chowed down the next morning on it - just as delicious :)all in all, loved the service and will go again (however i feel like im still digesting this meal).
5	All I have to say is WOW. Like 3 fingers, mouth in O shape, 3 fingers. My old college friends and I decided to go on a vegas trip kinda like a reunion and wanted to eat at a nice place for dinner the first night. Oh yelp, this is why I love you. I just yelped steakhouse, las vegas and sure enough this place popped up with its 4.5 stars of glory. DID NOT DISSAPOINTTT.The place itself has a real classy feel, yet not pretentious. Our server was super friendly and he joked around w us as we took thug life pictures w the ginormous steak knives they gave us. (Yes, my friends and I are the pillars of maturity =))We started off with the crabcake. ( notice I say cake and not cakes) They only give you one, but shoot that one crabcake was probably one of the best ive tried. Surrounded by a creamy delicious sauce that was almost like a soup of its own, the crab cake was indeed FULL of crab. Advice: dip bread in sauce as not to let the sauce go to waste.. its bomb! Got the Bone in Rib eye, its 22 oz, so my friend and I shared. Zommg! Now that is steak, perfectly crispy salty on the outside, pink center on the inside, you will not leave one bite leftover. I usually don't eat the fat, but shoot their fat was even good! Mmm faaaatttt..  Our server told us that the sides are pretty big, they are kind of family style here, so we shared broccoli in white wine and garlic sauce, and lobster mac and cheese, both of which were plentiful and suppppperb in taste! And our steaks were paired perfectly with the wine we chose, a Spanish wine called Termes. Look for it, it was wonderful and well priced.. someone once told me to avoid the well known area wines like from napa or sonoma because they tend to be priced upwardly just because they are well known.. okay I think I just realized that someone is Rachel Ray. Haha sometimes I think the food network people are my friends.. now Im off topic. Anyway, it was a great meal, wonderful evening, and an awesome way to kick off the vegas weekend!
4	Excellent food (for the most part), excellent service (for the most part), and excellent value (for the most part).See why it "only" got 4 stars?  A four man group arrived for a bachelor party, hoping for a delicious dinner and a start of a very memorable night and weekend.  Steaks, wine, and appetizers were ordered.  Many have already detailed the food, so I won't go on and on about the food, except to bring out a couple of highlights and lowlights.  The crab cake, as people have said, was delicious - as was the calamari appetizer, which was drizzled in some sweet and spicy Asian sauce.  Skip the bread - it's not that great, is very simple, and will only take up room in your stomach.The steaks were cooked perfectly.  Get whatever steak you like, and I'm sure it will be done well.  Some of the sides were also stellar.  I've never really had anyone cook asparagus as perfectly - I love it when it's slightly crunchy.  The mashed potatoes had a slight kick to it as well, and was great - I'm a fan of food that comes out piping hot.  Some of the lowlights though, included the lobster mac and cheese.  For me, it could have been cheesier.  I'm really not partial to being able to pick up individual pieces of pasta - I want pieces of lobster and cheese clinging to it.  Also, there was an error in the server simply forgetting that we had ordered the mashed potatoes.  Hey, if you want your 5 stars, you'll definitely have earned it!After appys and entrees and a bottle of reasonably priced red wine, there was no room left for dessert - simply espressos and coffees.  As many have said before, for Las Vegas, and especially compared to prices on the strip, this is a great value and is a solid choice if you're looking for a steakhouse.
5	First time heading here, it was during CES.  Needless to say we were unable to get the more desirable reservations.  Friend drove us and accidently made a wrong turn and somehow ended up in Bally's parking lot.  It seemed like we were driving around in circles.  Arrived and was asked to wait for our table.  Approached the bar and ordered a round of drinks.  Finally was seated and started ordering.  I ordered the bone-in ribeye and we all shared a few sides.  They brought over 2 baskets of warm bread which was devoured in a matter of minutes as we were all starving.  Waiters brought the steaks and we were asked to cut a slice of your steak just to make sure it was cooked correctly.  Mine was cooked perfectly and everyone else's was as well.  Sides were all good and were served by the waiters.  Didn't have any of their desserts as we all were stuffed.  Waiter asked that we provide either a business card or our address.  What's cool is that they personally write a letter to you thanking you for the patronage.  Definitely a nice touch.Second visit was just recently where I took a few coworkers for a nice dinner.  Of course it was during the Western conference semi-finals.  We were lucky to get a table facing the bar where we could watch the game.  Two of us had money on the line so it was perfect.  This time around ordered just the normal ribeye.  Again it was cooked perfectly.  We ordered a special side for the night (forget what it was) along with the skillet potatotes.  The special side was tasty but the skillet potatoes was a tad on the salty side.  Again we were all too full for dessert and just asked for the bill.Waitress again asked for our contact information and a few weeks later, a nice letter arrived in the mail.Definitely a solid steakhouse in the Las Vegas area which is only a few minutes away from the strip.
5	After 4 days in LV we were really due for something special and searched yelp..Del Frisco's & yelpers delivered and is hands down the best steak i have ever had.  Ruth Chris is not even close to this place.  We went in on a wed night I made reservation but probably was not needed as the place was not to busy.I had the Rib Eye and my wife and the fillet.  Both cooked and seasoned perfectly.    Crab cake & Oyster aptz. were awesome.  sides were great too we had the potato au gratin and mixed vegs..  No room for dessert.Our waiter Joey was great and the service amazing.  I swear we had at least 3 other people serving our table besides our waiter. With beer, wine, & tips the bill came out to about $280.  Sure pricey but well worth it and in my opinion a better meal than most of the high end Strip restaurants.   I will surely make this must eat next time i am in LV.  Relax...Enjoy...Eat.
5	First of all I'll start by saying this place is top notch. Its definitely a Prime steak house (Not like places that front like they are). Second I cannot agree with people saying this place is Waaayyyy better then Ruth's Chris, I could see people thinking its better, but not by a lot.Pros: Ridiculous cuts of meat, The table bread was awesome, wine selection is excellent, fast and a tentative service, Lobster mash (I don't eat lobster but the whole table loved it)Cons: Our server offered us the Awagyu ribeye special for 2, which 4 of us ordered, then later they told us they were out of that cut of meat (Not pleased about that) . My steak was a little over cooked, so make sure you speak up if its not to your liking (I was really hungry and it was late, so I let it slide because the cut was sooo good). Not much else.In Conclusion this place is worth every penny and deserves all the praises it receives. Ask for a semi private or private room if you have a good size group, they don't charge extra for it.
4	Great place for a Great Porterhouse. When in season one of the best places for Stone Crab claws. And you must try their bread and Lemon cake both, which are very addictive. However I have to give this restaurant 4 stars because they have no booths and the rooms can be noisy and a little crowded due to a choppy layout and a main dining room with a full bar. This is especially bothersome when you are trying to relax and unwind.  Definitely one of the best steak houses in Las Vegas but they need to change the layout and get some booths to give it a 5 star rating.
2	I was a little disappointed. A lot of people told me this was the best steakhouse in Vegas. It wasn't, at least in my opinion. The food wasn't bad, but I was expecting more. The rib-eye was OK and the sides were boring and bland. Also the atmosphere was off. I just didn't get the feel that I was in a high end steakhouse. One plus was the service. The wait staff was very good. With so many other outstanding steakhouses in Vegas I doubt I'll be returning to Del Frisco's anytime soon.
5	Suh-weet jeebus. I can't remember the last time I've had a meal this good. And with such prompt, excellent service as well. We had a huge party of about 13 people and we had multiple servers attending to us to make sure we had a pleasant experience.The crab cake appetizers were baked, not fried... and you can actually REALLY taste the crab, unlike most other crab cakes. It was almost made of just pure crab flakes (huge pieces actually)... and it comes with a sauce that is to die for!The prime rib was cooked and seasoned perfectly... oh so good, I'm drooling right now as I write this review. Came on a hot plate. All of their sides were so delicious, I don't even know where to begin to describe them. Even the bread was delicious (unlike other breads... this is extra good!). We had the mango sorbet to cleanse the palate after dinner. I never thought a sorbet could be so delicious... it tasted like real sweet frozen mangoes! Yummmm.Any fan of steak (or just anyone who knows what good food is) MUST visit this place while in Vegas.
5	I do not have a single complaint about this place. What a wonderful find!Our concierge at the Bellagio very enthusiastically recommended Del Frisco's, saying it was her personal favorite place to get a good steak.We requested a table outside because it was an uncommonly nice night out in Vegas. We were the only ones out there, and so we were a little concerned that we might get forgotten about. We couldn't have been more wrong.Their philosophy on service here is commendable. We must have met every waiter, busser, and bartender in the restaurant--the entire wait staff makes it their responsibility to take care of the everyone's tables, regardless of whether they're "theirs". We never wanted for attention the entire meal and everyone was genuinely friendly and seemed happy to be working there.We ordered the crab cakes, which one of our waiters said they were "very proud of". No breadcrumbs or other fillers that usually plague crab cakes, just honest-to-goodness delicious crab. For dinner, I had the filet mignon and my boyfriend had the veal. Quality cuts, cooked to perfection and melt-in-your-mouth succulent.We were also recommended the Grand Marnier-infused strawberries over vanilla ice cream. Nice and light and the right amount of sweet after a heavy meal.Finally, for you beer lovers, you MUST try the Kwak Belgian beer. Funny name, ridiculously satisfying and uniquely flavored beer.We'll definitely be back next time we come through town. Keep up the good work!
4	When I usually go to Vegas, we hit up the buffets and random cafes for late night munchies. It's a welcomed change to go to a nice steakhouse. The ambiance of the place is very cozy and welcoming. Dimly lit, but not too dark. The staff was very attentive, everything was done in a very timely manner. we started off with the complimentary bread basket. warm and soft with tasty butter spread. I ordered the 16oz rib eye and had a side of sautee mushrooms and lobster mac n cheese. the steak was cooked perfectly to a med-rare, really tender. the 16oz was the perfect portion size before a night of drinking. A+ on the sautee mushrooms, it was simple, but it complimented the steak very well. the lobster mac n cheese was a bit on the salty side, but soooo good. there are bits of lobster meat and the lobster flavors really comes through the mac n cheese. my bill came out to a bit over $50... not bad for quality food and service.
4	Wonderful wine selection.  (How often do you see a wine list has index pages!?)  Great open bar with very helpful bartenders.Nice and friendly servers.  They would explain everything you need to know about the daily specials, way to cook, etc etc.  Service is superb too.Steak quality is USDA Prime.  Perfectly cooked to the way you preferred.  They change their Steak of Today menu regularly, but you won't go wrong with either the porterhouse or ribeye which are always on the menu.Don't forget to order cheesecake.  It is a plain cheesecake that comes with either pecan butterscotch or real strawberry sauce.  The texture is awesome and never too heavy.  I couldn't have the same quality cheesecake anywhere in SoCal. BIG Con: They do not allow beverages/wines from outside.  That's why I subtracted 1 star from 5...  Be prepared to be charged at least double of what you will pay from outside.
5	Holy cow!  Let's just start with that.  We all have them, those moments when we've just lost our taste for life. Maybe you might think your taster is broken.  Or maybe you just need a firm kick right in the taste buds to remind you what AWESOME taste like. No, your tasters aren't broken. The places you've been eating have just lulled them to sleep like a nice warm belladonna tea.  Wake them up!  Eat here!  OMG!Small filet, medium rare with a side of sauteed shrooms. (Skip the asparagus. Maybe it was a bad night because compared to the taste dynamite on my plate, it was a stack of lady fingers - cute at best but sure didn't blow me away like the rest.)Wow.  Rinse with a Coors Light. Repeat.  Maybe tomorrow.
5	Del Frisco's was on our to do list for a Bachelor Party I went to, and quite frankly-I feel like I'll have to pay this place a visit every time I visit Vegas.I'm going to go straight to the food. Some delicious, warm sesame bread and butter came out. Moments later, we ordered the crab cakes which was sitting in a pool of sauce that my brother says they use the enriching guts inside the grab (much tastier than it sounds). This was hands down the best crab cake I have eaten in my life - just lumps and lumps of fresh crab that made you think they literally JUST cracked a crab open and just used the meat from that... For 6 guys, we ordered 3 of these Flintstones specials (Wagu (sp?) bone-in ribeye). These feed 2 people for about $90. When they came out, they were piping hot and we ordered them 3 diff ways: medium, medium rare, and rare (warm). They seemed to have cooked it all appropriate though the medium rare and rare didn't seem to different in terms of color. But why nitpick? After taking a bite into this piece of meat, you're mind just savors the simplicity of the salt/pepper and natural juices of the meat. OMG, as you get closer and closer to the actual bone, it just tastes great.You'll have to order some sides to go along with you meal. We opted for the lobster mac and cheese (5/5), the potatoes gratin with bacon, though my actual scoop didn't have any (4/5) and the mushrooms (4/5). If you have 6 hungry guys, probably order one of each will be enough since you still have a ways to go for the rest of the evening and don't want to be stuffed... if not, maybe double up on one of the side dishes or order another one.Service was great, seemed like 6+ people were tending to our table. It kind of reminded me of a Nascar race when the car needs to make a pit stop. Drinks are reasonably priced here as well, surprisingly.Man, I need to plan my next trip just so I can hit up Del Frisco's again!
5	First to say that my husband and I are Steakhouse people, and quite picky. My father ran the butcher shop in my small hometown, and I expect high quality. That being said, my husband and I were in LV for our 10th wedding anniversary, and Del Frisco's came highly recommended.When our hotel made the reservation, the restaurant was informed it was a special ocassion and we were treated like royalty!Atmosphere is romatically dim, hushed voices, pleasant music overhead. Food. OH MY GOODNESS!!  My husband had the apptizer special of Alaskan crab legs - a huge plate full. I had the hand-crafted onion rings, to die for!  Prime Rib, and my fillet were cooked to perfection. Their meat is 'wet aged', and perfectly cooked!! Tender, not mushy, didn't need the steak knife at all! Service: Since it was a very special ocassion, we got lots of attention! The resaurant was pretty empty when we arrived for a 5pm reservation and by 6pm, the bar was full and patrons were arriving for dinner, and the service was still great! We took a limo to and from the restaurant, and our server called for the car, walked us outside to say goodnight. Very special evening.I agree with the other reviews, the Lemon Cake - HEAVEN! We left the restaurant dizzy with food overload!
5	I have been to Steakhouses all over the country and this is as good as it gets.  Service is impeccable, prices are fair, menu items are delicious.  I have been there numerous times and don't have one bad thing to say about my dining experiences.  It is off Las Vegas Blvd but WELL WORTH the cab ride.  We drink beer (not bottles of wine) and wear shorts and are still treated like royalty!  If you don't do anything else in Las Vegas go to Del Frisco's!
3	3.5 stars for the food 4 stars for the ambiance and service I just couldn't bring myself to rate it a 4 star.Well, I took the BF to LV for his birthday and took him to eat here on 8/25 bcz of all the raving reviews! The atmosphere of this place is great, they have an intimate side and a social gathering side! A little bit more of a relaxed feeling than Morton's or Ruth Chris. Not too uppity and not too business like. The negatives: -Lamb chops. It didn't melt in my mouth compared to Ruth Chris. Not that great of a seasoning, just salt and pepper. I should not be able to have an after taste of salt (table salt) on my tongue for hours after dinner. -Sauteed mushrooms. OMG WTF!!! When the hostess brought that next to me I said BUTTON MUSHROOMS with a snotty attitude and a look!! But I calmed down and tried the mushrooms anyway. Let me tell you how disappointing this is! For a pricey restaurant to serve their guests BUTTON MUSHROOMS that is just a BIG NO NO!! Button mushrooms are not gourmet and cannot carry a gourmet flavor. Let's just say McCormick and Schmidt's sauteed mushrooms is what I was expecting! On top of that the mushrooms weren't even sliced, they were served whole. The flavor was there, but the BUTTON MUSHROOMS just ruined the flavor.-The BF's steak tenderloin was good, but not great. Again too much salt. It tastes like table salt! It may just be me. But again having an after taste of salt in your mouth for hours after dinner and even with dessert not impressed. The positives: -Great service. -Great atmosphere. -Delicious crab cake, mac n cheese, and asparagus! Previous yelpers were right on those recommendations! -Great concept on having women hostess serve you the sides. Each hostess has a side and serves it to each guest. (although I would have appreciated the girls looking cuter and dressed sexier than that evening, I like pretty people, plus it's Vegas a city to impress) -The restroom: I've never been to a restaurant where there was a bathroom attendant before. All in all, I would recommend this restaurant only if they had a pre-fixed menu. Or if you are having an important business transaction.
5	Having Lived in Vegas for a few years back in the Mid 90's and spending many a weekend here too many to count over the years, I tend to simply Check into my Hotel of choice avoid the hectic strip, taxi's, etc and dine in my hotel or within walking distance of another Hotel. Having to meet a friend of mine for dinner outside the hotel didn't originally appeal to me, but he insisted on Going to Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House off Paradise / Flamingo here in Las Vegas.  So 8PM off I head in my taxi and low and behold, as I'm approaching the restaurant my phone rings and my dinner buddy has an emergency at home and won't be joining me.  Well what to do at this point, hell I was already in the parking lot I'm having dinner and BOY AM I HAPPY I DID!Arrived to a well appointed old style Steak house with white table cloths rich mahogany, a nice large bar that had live piano music and vocals (Always a plus). I decide to dine at the bar and was greeted by Trisha who proceeded to explain the various specials, options etc.  Being solo at this point I kept it simple.  Trish recommended the house cabernet which was produced specifically for Del Frisco's Vegas.  A very nice Napa cab, big, rich, chunky and tasty. $14.95 for a very generous pour.  (NICE)Chopped Salad to start accompanied by nice Hot home baked bread and sweet whipped butter. Very nice salad, cold lettuce just the right amount of dressing, very tasty.  Being from NJ originally bread outside of the Garden State tends to leave you wanting more, and in this case there is no exception to the rule. Good but certainly nothing to write home about. Moving on to the main battle Royal was the 26 ounce Double Eagle NY Strip on the Bone which is their signature dish ($59.95- Regular 16 oz strip $39.95). Requested "Charred Medium rare plus".  Trish also recommended the Garlic whipped mashed potatoes with skins left on mixed with chives.  Let me just stop right here and tell you perhaps one of the top 3 NY Strips I've ever had in my life and I've had many.  Tough to remember them all but this was a mountain of meat, cooked to absolute perfection on a very hot plate that allowed the red portion to cook to perfect temperature.   Not too much bone and the taste was incredible. Perfect amount of charred and it needed no salt, pepper nothing it was in word PERFECT.   The Potatoes (9.95) where the perfect accoutrement and unfortunately dining alone I wished I could have split another side,  perhaps a lobster tail, vegetable etc, but as it was I was so stuffed I couldn't even move when I completed this perfect meal but there is always next time.I declined desert, hopped a taxi back to my hotel and can state without hesitation this is a MUST VISIT for anyone in Las Vegas locals or others. The staff was friendly, attentive, the piano music / vocals fantastic and a great touch and Trisha at the bar is an absolute sweetheart, thanks again JERSEY GIRL!Put this one on you don't miss list you won't be disappointed.
5	NOM NOM NOM. I've ate here 2 weekends in row, which means two straight weekends of TNA, which means my brain is dead. The thought of eating here has got me through my Monday back at work. Both times, this place delivered TWICE. Eat here with a bunch of people so that you can try all of the sides. The food is simple but fucking amazing. 22oz Bone in ribeye, mashed potatoes, garlic string beans, mushrooms, lobster mac, sauteed onions.
5	Went here by word of mouth from a good friend. So good we returned the following week. That's TWO WEEKENDS of super buttery steak goodness here honey.First week I had 10oz. prime ribeye and he had 22oz. bone-in ribeye. We share chateau potatoes, green beans and lobster mac.Second weekend we returned with party of 10. Mister and I decided to just share the 22oz. ribeye. We shared 6 orders of onions, button mushrooms, chateau potatos, lobster mac with the rest of our party.BUTTON  MUSHROOMS ARE A MUST ORDER!!!!!!!!!!! :)Steakhouse care means steakhouse prices so watch out for your wallets people!OY! And both times I haven't even gotten to glance at dessert menu due to sheer sleepiness from seat steak overload. Anyone have recommendations please do send them my way!! Thanks :)Double OY!! I tried their "A Breath of Fresh Pear" martini and it was smashing... beware of smashed-ness if you have one too many though. ENJOY!
5	Best. Ribeye. Ever. A good selection of entre's other than steak, but the attraction here is the beef. Dry aged, seasoned, and grilled exactly how you want it. Service is attentive but not overbearing.Lobster Mac-n-cheese is a must as your side dish.
5	This has to be one of my top 5 favs in Las Vegas. I could easily go through about 4-5 loaves of bread. My absolute favorite dish is the filet mignon with black truffle butter.  The Potato Au Gratin, Spinach Supreme and mac and cheese are also fabulous. One of the best steak houses in Vegas by far! Fabulous place to take clients for lunch/dinner.
5	we spent our 2nd year anniversary dinner here last week... let me rewind back to mid-august when i was on a business trip in denver and i had my first del frisco's experience... lets just say the bone in ribeye i got in denver blew my mind, or should i say, blew my taste buds out of my mind.i knew after my denver del frisco's experience that i wanted to share with the wifey the same experience.and vegas del frisco did not disappoint. i was actually scared that i mightve overhyped it for the wifey.our server, joey was great. very attentive and definitely made us feel like we were his only guests. he was very personable and made us feel very welcomed. theyve also got a happy hour during the weekday.the ambiance is pretty bright for a steakhouse here, but definitely prefer it brighter than dark so i can actually see that blood oozing when i cut into my perfectly prepared medium rare flintstone cut of bone in ribeye.the wifey ordered the bone in filet and one week later, she tells me how she is still savoring the taste.the crab cakes were one of a kind. seriously like 99% crab, 1% breaded, and 0% filler. amazing.the lobster mac n cheese blew my taste buds out of mind as well. OMG, it was like cheesy melty goodness. the potato au gratin was delish as well, but might have been overkill after all the other goodness we had.we also got a salad, but i cant quite remember what it was called, but it was basically like a BLT with avocados sans bread for lettuce all chopped. i think it was just the special chopped salad and it was awesome.couldnt have had a better anniversary dinner experience. other than from our wedding day in maui and being served one of the best prime ribs ever tasted overlooking the shores of maui with close friends and family.  to top it off, joey comped us the lemon cake for desert since it was our anniversary dinner. and the lemon cake was pretty darn good. it was moist, warm, and just enough sweetness from the icing. the wifey really enjoyed the cake.del friscos will become a staple for our vegas trips for sure.
4	My husband and I tried this place out because of the great reviews on here.  First off, the service here is wonderful.  They not only served us perfectly within the restaurant, but within a week we got a card from Del Frisco's thanking us for our patronage.  If that's not enough, we also received a Christmas card from them again this year.  I definitely feel loved as a customer.One of the best parts of this restaurant (especially for me, because I tend to be very picky about the way my steak is cooked) is that once the steak arrives at your table, the server will cut into the steak and show you the middle to ensure that the steak has been cooked the right way.  If it's not it'll go directly back to the kitchen. Add that to the truffle butter they bring melting happily over a tealight, the steak here is heavenly.The only reason I've docked a star from this place is because when we went, my husband's filet mignon was chewy and tough (as if it was a piece of muscle or something?).  However, when we told the waiter about this, they immediately changed his filet for a new one, which was really nice, but I do wish they had gotten it right the first time.The sides and desserts were delicious, but not as memorable as the steak which was definitely the main star in this restaurant.  If you're visiting Vegas and hankering for a delicious piece of meat, you won't go wrong coming here.  Don't forget to ask for the truffle butter!
2	The food was excellent as was the service that you come to expect from these pricey joints.  The big problem is the SMELL. Their excuse is some issue with the city and the sewer out in front, but I gotta tell you, we didn't have the same issue next door at Gordon Biersch!I mean it really felt like my table was below the street in the sewer it smelled so badAlso, one would think at these prices, when informed by their customers of the near unbearable odor,there would be some adjustment or incentive to come back...none of the above, just a shrug of the shoulders.  I will not go back to this specific restaurant and ruin an otherwise outstanding bone in strip!!!!
4	Every time my bf and I are in vegas we visit Del Frisco's. It's good and quick. This time was a little different. The service was still great but the food didn't impress me. The crab cakes were very delicious but our shrimps were served cold. We thought they were hot shrimps, but they only serve cold shrimps. We had a couple of bites and left them untouched. For my main course I ordered the Australian lobster tail. It was a pretty good size but I think it was overcooked. The meat was too rubbery. Thank god for the crab cakes. I would have been unsatisfied. I had a bite of my boyfriends 38oz fred flinstone wagyu beef steak. I wasn't to happy with it. He seemed to like it. I guess I have lost my desire for red meat. They brought out a slice of bday cake for my boyfriends birthday. It was delicious and thick. Oh! If you ever eat here ask to see the cool James Bond table. Pretty coool.
5	Double eagle prime----OMG! This charred rare steak was among the best I've ever had. I'm not into meat or steaks or the steakhouse experience, but the BF is. So I decided to surprise him with dinner at this place which by all accounts is considered the best steakhouse in Vegas. I even ate a little before heading out knowing that it was going to be another grilled fish/chicken night because I don't eat meat. The BF was so excited that he diligently researched blogs and Yelp to find out exactly what cut and size of meat to order. He soon learned that he had to get it rare and charred on the outside. Omg, how I regret not ordering the beef. The service was spectacular. Attentive, but not annoying, friendly and warm. The house bread was fresh baked, crunchy and collapsed the moment you broke off a piece because it was so squishy and air fluffed on the inside. The drinks were stiff, the wine list was huge with an extensive and creative by-the-glass selection. But his meat was my star. I hope my mom's not reading this. It was so delicious. It was so good, I could have eaten the whole thing--all 25+ ounces. It was theperfect combo of moist yet crunchy-salty outside. My mouth is salivating as I type this. Definitely worth the price and we'll definitely be back.
3	I checked this place out because of my foodie buddy who is a yelp hore and has been talking about this place for weeks.Finally, made plans to see what the 4.5 star hype was about.. I had no reservation and the place was quite busy but the patio was empty, so the patio it was. The server was really cool and had many Vegas hot spot suggestions. They served the usual bread and butter, bread tasted fresh and butter was whipped and easy to spread. Starter: Bleu Cheese Lettuce Wedge = Nicely portioned, Lettuce chopped finely, Bleu Cheese Dressing was one of the best I ever had and the jumbo croutons added the right texture.Entree: Bone-In Ribeye (cooked Medium Well). Chef actually came out to serve this and asked to cut the steak in half to make sure it was cooked to par. Steak came on a hot plate and had a different aroma to it. This place heavily seasons their steaks. When Slicing the meat I noticed it had a tender falling apart feel to it. After my first bite, I took a few more.. It really had a distinctive flavor that overpowered the natural steak flavor that I'm used to at a Steak House. However, it was delicious and unusual the same time. I personally like my steaks to taste like the natural traditional steaks (Let the natural flavors of the meat do its job). Sides: Lobster Macaroni & Cheese = 3.5/5             Maque Choux Corn = 3/5             Onion Rings = 2/5 Service was great, the bleu cheese salad got me salivating thinking about it and the steak worth a try
4	From the salads to the desserts, everything was delicious.  The wine list is extensive, but with the help of their wine steward, you will get a bottle in any price range. If you can, ask for Chris (with the beard) to be your waiter - you wont be disappointed  Very knowledgable and personable. Great server!  Top your evening with an espresso martini - delicious!
4	Based on Yelp reviews, I decided to reserve a table here for my friend's bachelor party. Decor wise, it was definitely a more fancy/upscale kind of restaurant. The other clientele also seemed to skew towards an older crowd compared to what you might find at one of the trendy new hotel restaurants on the strip. I felt a little under dressed in my polo and dark jeans. I did see a couple who looked even more dressed down than myself so I don't think they really enforce any kind of dress code. Just to be safe, I probably wouldn't come in sweatpants, shorts, or sandals though.We had a party of twelve so we were seated in one of the side rooms. I was a little surprised that they had multiple flat screen TVs in the rooms as you don't normally see those at fancy restaurants unless its at the bar. They can be a little distracting if you are trying to have a conversation. Then again, we were a party of 12 dudes and the hostesses probably thought it was appropriate for our "type" of party.The service was excellent as we had multiple servers answering our questions, cutting our steaks, serving our family-style sides, etc. A friend of mine had ordered salmon that came out overcooked. They replaced his meal no questions asked.I think that all of my friends would agree that the crab cakes and the lobster mac and cheese were the highlights and are the must order items on the menu. Those things were delicious. All of our meat entries were good but nothing really special to write home about considering the cost. Then again I'm not really a steak guy so I'm not really the best person to judge the quality of a piece of meat.On the drive to the restaurant we did notice the slight sewage smell that some Yelpers have mentioned. However, we did not pick up this scent while inside the restaurant nor while out front by the entrance and parking lot.
5	This place is soooooo good!  I cannot wait to go back.  The price is on par with other steakhouses like Ruth's Chris but it is a notch above.  The steak and shrimp were great!  So was the wine!  The wine list is so extensive.  I just got a glass of the malbec but the wine ranges up to $20,000 a bottle!  I topped my meal off with a glass of Dolce dessert wine which although it was $35 for a shot, it was sooooo good.  I cannot wait to go back!
5	First time here even though I used to frequent Vegas quite a bit. I got to say the entire experience here was magnificent. We got there early and had some time to hang out at the bar. The bartenders were quite attentive and talkative. Great times at the bar. The hostess found us at the bar and escorted us to our seats. Our waiter was great and made our time at Del Frisco's fun. Thanks Joey. From your input on the food, wine, and history of the restaurant we had the best time.The food was amazing. We had ordered the crab cakes, double eagle prime, spinach, and mac n cheese. If you order the crab cakes, I would recommend that you order your own. You probably won't want to share. The double eagle prime was cooked to perfection. I love ordering a medium rare and having it just melt in your mouth. This did just that. The meat was so flavorful and tender. The sides that we ordered were good too but not something I absolutely have to have. I would be content with just the crab cake and steak.Definitely worth checking out!
4	Interior of the restaurant feels old school. No big attractions or view. Food and service is overall good. This restaurant is off  the strip, but its a quick drive or taxi drive to the establishment.
5	This is by far the most impressive steak house that I have ever been to. It's off the strip but if you're visiting Vegas, take a cab there. You will not be disapointted. Try the VIP which is an extremely tasty pineapple infused martini, it will run you about twelve bucks. We went on a Saturday night and there was an awesome piano player setting the tone with some Christmas tunes. They are very good at making sure that if you have a show to get to, that you're out in time. The service is swift. They ask you to cut into your steak when it arrives to make sure that they have cooked it to the appropriate temperature. The wine list is obscene, we saw some bottles listed for $15,000. No, thanks. The bread was freshly baked and extremely tasty. This place is soooo worth the money. Go there now. Be sure to make a reservation though.
5	I love this place!!!  It's a visit for me everytime I am in Vegas.  The food and service is excellent.
5	We had dinner there a few months ago so I feel bad I am just writing a review because they were outstanding! Not only the food but the customer service. We had an issue with the lobster and they were so accommodating. They went out of there way to make sure it was corrected and that we had a perfect night. All the food was excellent and we loved the atmosphere! Our server was awesome and the manager we spoke to was so pleasant and I really don't remember having such outstanding service. I am upset that I never called the GM to let her know how great everyone was because that's how pleased we were and thought we should let them know. Highly recommended!! They really treat their customers with respect. Will be back again and again..
4	My fiance and I dined here the day after Turkey Day.  Del Frisco's is a short cab ride off the strip.  You will notice an older crowd dines there which is a nice change from the hoochie mommas walking the strip.  We were seated in one of their dining rooms and lucky enough for my man they had a flat screen showing the game.  I had to have a cocktail while looking over the menu so I ordered their signature drink "The VIP."  It is a pineapple martini where they soak the fruit for days in vodka to get all of its juices.  It was faboosh!  After taking some time with the menu, my fiance and I decided to split the wedge salad and a bone in filet.  As for the sides we had the lobster mac n' cheese along with the grilled asparagus.  They brought out our steak and it was a little too bloody for me so they kindly took it back to be cooked more.  Once that was done they served up our beef and side and now it was time to chow down.  The whole meal was great.  No complaints from me.  The staff was more than helpful, the cocktail get me a lil tipsy, and the meat put me in food coma.  I just wish after devouring our meal I had room for dessert.  There is always a next time.
5	We try to stop here on every visit to LAS. This year we just stopped in for Lemon Cake after the Viva Elvis show.We sat at the corner of the bar. Several patrons were having dinner at the bar. Bartender was professional and entertaining, what else can you ask for?Oh, there is a new cigar patio... (could be two years old for all I know)...Bar is now non-smoking.
5	I love this place.Whenever I'm in Vegas, I will come here.  Came here on the advice of a cabbie and I'm glad I did.  I've been here twice and both times it was delicious. Great food and great service go hand in hand here!So this time here I started off with the house salad with blue cheese, very, very nice! Came with 2 strips of thick, crispy bacon-always welcome!  Bf had the crab cakes with a Cajun sauce.  Very good also.  Was 1 big crab cake but was a nice size.  Was very creamy, no seafoody detection there.  The Cajun sauce was very good, complimented the cake well.We both had the beef! LOL, don't come to a steak place and order the chicken people, I'm just sayin.....Ugh, the filet was just all melty and rich and seasoned to perfection!  Cooked to perfection!We also had the potatoes au gratin which were a creamy delight!  The potatoes were bluntly cut but nice and soft and covered in cheesy, creamy goodness. MMmmmmmmAnd also the sauteed green beans, I didn't try them they were a little too garlicky for my taste but bf said they were right on.
4	Old school steakhouse. Perfect service. Upscale sophisticated crowd. Great ambiance. Off the strip, and frequented by many Vegas locals. Food is really good.Scenic bar, and many patrons take dinner here.
4	Del Frisco's is definitely a go-to place for delicious meat and sides. We had a party of 8 people and had plenty of side dishes to go around. I indulged in the delicious crab cakes and lobster mac 'n cheese. That's right I said LOBSTER mac 'n cheese!! Everyone else had steak and repeatedly salivated with every bite taken, so I take that as a positive sign of delicious goodness! Sides:+ Creamed Spinach+ Lobster Mac 'n Cheese+ Scallop Potatoes+ Sauteed Mushrooms+ Creamed Corn
5	i love this place! the service was AMAZING! they really wait on your hands and feet! never had service better than this place! gave the waiter a very nice tip too :) the steak really melts in your mouth and i don't remember too much about the side dish. but 5 stars to the SERVICE! AMAZING! :)
4	Great steakhouse and outside the strip. I've had this bookmarked for such a long time now. I am finally glad I was able to dine here for NYE. It had a nice old school feel inside. The service was on point. The bread that was brought out was amazing. It had sesame seeds on top and extremely soft. I ate that thing like I was on crack. I decided to skip the appetizers and go right for the prime bone in porterhouse steak. It was well cooked, buttered right, and tasted amazing. I had it medium rare so it was a dark purple/pink on the inside.The sides I went with were the mashed potatoes which were too spicy and was overdosed with pepper. The asparagus was good but I've had better. This is a great steakhouse and one of the best I've had in Vegas. Oh forgot to mention that I had a glass of pinot noir red wine. I ordered it while I was at the bar and it was happy hour pricing =D  Great steak dinnerRecommendation: Prime bone in porterhouse steak.
5	I seriously count down the minutes until the next time I can visit my beloved Del Frisco's!
5	I am a prime beef steakhouse lover! I consider myself an expert in the craft. I have had them all. Flemings, Mortons, Donovans, Ruth Chris ehhh. None compare to Del Friscos! The portions are huge and tasty! The quality of the beef and the atmosphere are second to none! Whenever I stay at the Hard Rock, I make it a point to dine here?By far the best service!
5	Everything at this place was excellent.. shrimp, crab cakes, bone in ribeye, and the service was great too. Would highly recommend it.
5	Bottom line: my favorite steakhouse. Rib-eye with truffle butter. You will never be the same again.
2	First the good...the service....five stars...if you include the manager Jackie, who my friends think walks on water, probably seven stars...Second, the food- all above average, steaks good not great , sides very good and of course the Lemon cake very good but nothing more than four stars and that is being generous...So where is the issue...THE WINE....are your frigging kidding me...this list was put together by some pistol pack'n flunky from deep inside the Del Frisco headquarters...they don't allow corkage yet within their limited wine selection they feature- Educated Guess- a red wine for the Bev Mo crowd...and I am sure Del Frisco can pick it up for about $6 a bottle and they sell for $15 a glass...and that is one of the more thoughtful choices on the -by the glass- menu...absolutely shameful...it killed the whole experience for me and if you like wine with your meal it will kill it for you as well..
3	this place is great in terms of quality food, spectacular service and ambiance... but the menu is quite boring and country-clubbish=a very classy Outback Steakhouse. but this place simply offers amazing prices as an upscale strip steakhouse.the steak was done to perfection, if heavily peppered(not a bad thing for a steak), and sides are served country-style for the entire table, which makes for great dining with friends visiting the strip; however, dessert was boring(i expect more creativity here at any steakhouse). Highlights: --wine was cheap --service/decor/ambiance were impeccable(balanced and classy)--steak was good, but other options were lacking or simply not creative--not a good choice, if you despise "old-school" menus
5	living in las vegas we have so many great places to eat so this place could be just another expensive steak house but that is not the case. the president of my company came to town and when the conversation of dinner came up i suggested we try this place and he agreed saying he had been before to one in California. we went early on a week night so there was no reservation needed and no wait when we walked in. at the hostesses booth we were greeted with a very nice girl that immediately started joking with us. i thought this is kind of interesting for a fancy place but i went with it. when we got seated the waitress showed up and started to run down the menu with us. she was a tall girl and dressed pretty racy with mini skirt and fishnets i also thought this was interesting for a fancy place, even better this girl was HILARIOUS!! i left out she was pregnant and kind of had an Elvira kind of thing going on. when i eat at a fancy place i am always wanting the food to be top notch and the food here is very good but the experience made this meal. i had a bone in fillet (duh! eat read meat here!! don't ask how the lamb is, this is a steak house!!) and it was melt in your mouth good, all the sides we ordered were up to par so the meal was great. i have only been here once so i don't know if the humor is their standard montra but for everyone who does go i hope it is.
5	Flew to Vegas during MLK weekend for a romantic getaway with the BF. He found this place through Yelp and with its exceptional reviews, he made reservations for two to wine and dine the evening we arrived.Needless to say, the food and service was beyond our expectations.Our waiter was extremely attentive and detailed - very knowledgable with the menu items. The ambience was romantic and relaxed - perfect place for a nice fine dining exerience out of town. But the highlight of the night were the steaks....so amazingly well-cooked and flavoursome, some of the best we've ever eaten! My prime rib and his filet mignon were cooked exactly the way we specified - medium rare. In fact, they would have you cut down the middle of your steak to ensure it was cooked just the way you liked. The meat was so tender and moist; I swore it melted in your mouth. Especially my prime rib, every bite bursted with such a juicy flavor that I didn't want to stop chewing! ahhh...so delicious, so satisfying. The tuna tartare made me want to lick the plate. We also had 2 loaves of their fresh baked bread that they direct you to pull apart instead of slicing with a knife. It was so warm, so fluffly, soooo goood. With a glass of the Double Eagle Cabernet each, we definitely had the perfect dinner.
4	Del Frisco's Wow! what can I say but wow! This is how a meal is supposed to be. Good food, good friends, good times and in Las Vegas what more can you ask for...yes there was a limo involved. So here's the run down kids, Old fashioned done to perfection. They make you feel like a VIP from the moment you step in the door. The food; Meat, Meat and more Meat. Who cares about the sides, there will be no awards given for supporting cast members on this meal. Accept for the brief appearance by lobster tail, the steak is the headliner. When you go, act like you've been there before, expect to order sides because the steak stands alone and bring your casino winnings so you can pay for your meal.
5	Every time I visit Las Vegas, i have to stop by here.I'd have to say Del Frisco's is the best steak in Vegas, and on my  top5!I'm the type that love my food without the fanfare.  If you make a good steak you don't need the steak-sauce.  You don't need blue-cheese crumble or horseradish...At Del Frisco's, if you order a rib-eye, that's what you're getting, a damn good steak!  Lightly hinted with seasoning (tastes like a garlic salt rub).Highly reccomend:-Bone-in Ribeye-Lobster mac-Cream CornI must admit that I haven't been back in a couple of years, not because of Del Frisco's but b/c I haven't been back to Vegas in a while.  Time to plan a trip here!
5	When I go out for steak, I go big (i.e. $$$$).  This place had excellent service, food, and ambiance.  The bone in filet mignon was transcendent.
5	After a wonderful girls night out with my mom and sister we decided to pop in to Del's for some apps and drinks. We sat at the bar and were greeted by the lovely Joann and Trish. They made our meal of VIP martinis (amazing by the way....fresh pineapple infused vodka chilled straight up with an orange twist), ribeye, petite filet oscar style, asparagus, skillet potatoes and potatoes au gratin that much more enjoyable (who knew that was possible). We ended up tucking our knees up and practically rolling out the door because we were so full but very happy. Will always come back to Del's for the food, drinks and fun. Now off to the gym to work off some of that tasty cow :)
4	Wow! This place has some of the best steak i have ever ate (and i am a steak and potato person). A little pricey but well worth every cent. Did have an issue with the hostess when i called to see about their wait, she said there was none and when i got there it happen to be 30 mins (took like 20 mins to get seated) and it took me 3-5 mins to get there. If there was a wait, she should of just told us and i would of been okay with it. Stepped into the bar area and they had some live music playing, a guy on the piano. The bartender was nice and they had a decent selection of beers. We finally got seated and it did take a minute for the waiter to attend to us but it is ok. I ordered a wedge salad to start with a rib eye steak as my main course. I ordered the asparagus and my coworker also ordered the rib eye with potatoes au gratin (caesar salad as a starter). Sides are family style. Started with the bread which was wonderful, the salads where good but nothing spectacular. The steak was the main event! It was seasoned perfect and cooked exactly how i wanted it. The sides where a good companion to the steaks. The steak here was one of the best steaks i have ever eaten in my life time. I will go back with no hesitation (actually i will hesitate a bit, $160 for two people with no tip)!
4	Have eaten here several times.  Amazing meals served with wonderful sides.  Seriously, the best crabcake I've ever had in my life and I've had them everywhere!  We go often and sit at the bar and get cocktails and appetizers - always a crabcake.  Pricey but worth it.
3	We had a really nice meal at Del Frisco's, with great steak as many other reviewers can attest.  The sides were also excellent (we had green beans and lobster mac n' cheese).Service was pleasant and attentive, but always seemed to be going for the upsell which was fine but should have toned down once she realized the type of things we were interested in.The disappointing part for me is that there are a few different rooms at the restaurant - some more boisterous, some quieter, and one with a live musician.  We were seated in a quieter room which was nice since it was just my husband and I, however the decor was fairly bland and outdated with a grayish wall paper and mirrors.  We had made a reservation several days in advance, so we weren't "overflow."The ambiance of the meal made me feel like I was in a more casual steak house, rather than one that serves some of the best meat in town.  With steaks that are $40-$50 (not including sides), I expect a bit more in the ambiance department.
4	My absolute favorite steak anywhere! My wife isn't a meat fan and still raves about their bone-in ribeye. Nice atmosphere in a very old school steakhouse environment. My only complaint is just a common one these days and that is no place has old school waiters who treat their jobs like the profession it really is. When a waiter is a skilled and respectable pro...your meal shines!
5	Some of the best service I have ever had at a restaurant! The food was great and the atmosphere was perfect.
4	This place consistently delivers.  Great service and good food.  I was impressed when the waiter didn't comment (good or bad) when one of our party requested a small fillet well done. Excellent sides. The down side is that it's a bit out of the way and  the atmosphere was  marred by several tables of young men acting like they were at a fraternity bar rather than a fine dining establishment to the point  that several diners complained to staff without avail.
4	It was the first time my boyfriend and I went and it seemed like they have quite a few repeat customers.  It was impressive to see the hostess/servers interact with the customers, however... I must say that we felt kinda unspecial because of that.  (i don't know if that's fair to knock them on though...)Tuna tartare was eh.  The steaks were good and the lemon cake was delicious.  We couldn't finish our meal, so we packed all the leftovers ate it over 2 meals the next day.  Still delicious.One thing that made our night was the music.  They had a pianist sing and play the piano.  It really created a classy and relaxing atmosphere.
5	Hands down the best steak I've ever had!  And their lobster mac n cheese was to die for.  Doesn't quite match the ambiance of a Maestros or Taylor's, but the food and service more than makes up for any "style" shortcomings it may have.  I love steak.  If YOU love steak and you're in Vegas, Del Frisco's will satiate those meat cravings you'll inevitably get after a 3 hour session at the craps table.  Yo elleven and get your steak on!!!
5	Definitely recommend this restaurant. I had the best restaurant experience of my life here. The food was great, the drinks menu was great, the service was great. The prices were also lower than Ruth's Chris or steakhouse of comparable quality.We had reservations and were seated within a couple minutes of our arrival. Our waitress showed us the "James Bond" table at our request - a tip we got from Yelp.We were served delicious bread, were told the specials, had all our questions answered and were impressed by the menu. The rib eye was flavorful and very tender, the beef medallions were also tasty and my lamb chops were perfectly cooked and had excellent flavor.Our sides were delicious: asparagus, mushrooms, potatoes au gratin and cheddar mashed potatoes. Cocktails were tasty, and the wine selection was like heaven.Dessert was fantastic. Definitely try the Lemon cake and the Chocolate cake.Ended the night with coffee and a star-spotting of Dan Aykroyd.
4	I've been here a handful of times for various bachelor parties.It wouldn't be my first choice since its located off the strip, but the food is solid. I'm too disinterested to write anything more, but I think Del Frisco's is a safe bet for a good steak.
3	Maybe I had high expections going there based on the great reviews.  But I wasn't very impressed with the ribeye.   The decor is a what you would expect from a steakhouse.  The service was excellent.  After our orders were taken by our friendly waitress the rest of the meal was a team orchestrated effort.
5	the waiter told us you will not have crabcake like this ever...he was right...the crabcake was basically all crabmeat (hence $18 for just one), but dayam was it money!!!I got the american wagyu/kobe tamahawk chop ($90) and my friend got the double eagle prime strip ($60)...don't get me wrong, my steak was very good but my friends tasted better we both thought...proof that just cuz something costs more doesn't mean its necessarily better.for the side...GET the CREAMED SPINACH!  best creamed spinach you will eat.this was a great spot.  if you have a big party, call in advance and reserve one of the rooms.  it was a great dining experience
5	I have been to Morton's, Ruth's Chris & all the likes this place blows the others out of the water. Service is unbelievable food as good as a steak can get. I highly recommend the crab cakes they are out of this world expensive but worth every penny. Next time I am in Vegas this will be at the top of my list..
3	BEYOND THE STEAK (cause it was perfect and doesn't need changing)Del Friscos needs to update themselves. What once was probably a well planned interior with appropriate decorating at the time now just seems dated. Now, from a business perspective, that's okay if you want to retain your regular customers and keep them happy, but not okay if want to attract younger new customers. On a recent visit there, I felt as if I should have been with my parents.  They would love the quiet side rooms and comfort of the dark interiors.  As for the menu, it's not that the food was bad, but it just didn't inspire any excitement in me to choose one item over the other versus what some of the newer high end steak houses do. 32oz Dry Aged Sirloin $90 was cooked to a perfect medium rare, the Mac & Cheese with Lobster $16 was just alright, Caesar Salads (2@ $10 ea.) were not bad, but disappointing because it was just average. The bread and butter was above average. For drinks, we had the Blackberry Ginger Martini $14, Champagne Cocktails (2@ $14 ea.) and Woodford Reserve $13.50.
5	forget ruth's chris, forget hy's, forget morton's.  del frisco's blows all of them out of the water!  and i'm not even an avid steak eater.  the atmosphere can be a bit intimidating if you're from hawaii but ask for the gm (jackie) and she'll make you feel like you're right at home.  after that, it's all clear sailing from there.  the service is top notch and very friendly.  everything is super clean, and if you're a girl, there's everything you could ever need in the bathroom (just ask the bathroom attendant).  now that i got all that semi-important stuff out the way, let's get to the fooooooood!!! omnomnomnomnom!!!  we had an order of the onion rings and i swear they were injected with steroids because they were HUGE.  but that's how i like it...my onions, that is.  i ordered the ahi (i told you, i'm not an avid steak eater) and it was faaaaaat.  perfectly seared though, and full of sweet wasabi flavor.  i had a piece of my friend's steak and even though steak is not my thing, it was deeeeelicious.  the baked potato was cooked to perfection and came with everything a baked potato could ever ask for---green onion, sour cream, real bacon bits, cheese, love.  move aside apps and entrees, dessert gets its own paragraph!!!  can i just say...ladies, you better bring an extra pair of panties.   strawberry romanoff, panty dropper!  lemon cake, panty dropper!  chocolate thing with ice cream and raspberries, panty dropper!  if you looked up the definition of decadent, there would be a picture of del frisco's desserts :)on your way out, ask about the james bond table!
5	So far, this is my favorite steakhouse in Vegas.  I have been here multiple times and never have been let down.  The service here is impeccable, and if you fill out the card at the end they will send you a personalized thank you note.  Now on to the meat and wine list.  The wine list here is very nice and very well stocked.  Almost all the servers are very knowledgeable, and I'm pretty sure that there is at least one sommelier on staff.  I usually get the bone in Ribeye, which I really like, it's flavorful and so far has not been overly fatty.  I have also had their Wagyu beef tomahawk chop, which was also superb.  I like that they tell you what each done-ness means, as each steakhouse seems to do it slightly differently.  I will continue to frequent this place until I find a better steakhouse in Vegas that can compete on price.It should also be mentioned that you can get away with dinner under $60 per person if you want to be a bit thrifty.
1	Greatly disappointed at this place!!!!!!!! I hardly give bad reviews but I have to give this place a bad review!!!!!!!! My boyfriend ordered the $60 steak (which I can't remember which one), and I ordered the seared tuna - both were wrong texture, un-flavorful, forgettable and totally not worth the money!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I must say, place looks great; perfect setting for an intimate event. But overall, including service - would not come back again!
4	every thing was good.. the lamb was AWSOME!! - 1 star cuz one of my firnds order was totally messed up
5	The dinner was AMAZING . The steak was the best I have EVER had !
5	After looking at reviews for a few hours on Yelp, this is where we decided to have our post-wedding dinner with our family. The staff was all very nice, we had a wonderful waitress, and they put us in a back corner so that we had some privacy. For starters I had a classic salad with avocado ranch dressing, and it was delicious. The veggies were all very crisp, and the avocado put a nice spin on your average ranch dressing. The salad comes with two thick pieces of bacon crossed over it, which I gave to the man and he loved them, and some big homemade croutons that were wonderful, and I very rarely like any croutons in my salad at all. It's a texture thing. Aaanyways.The shrimp cocktail comes with BIG jumbo shrimp smothered in cocktail sauce, and it was also very fresh and tasty.For dinner I ordered the bone in prime rib and the man ordered the bone in filet mignon. The bone in filet mignon is an off menu item, but it is INCREDIBLE. If you want it medium rare you have to order it medium because it's so thick, if you order it medium rare you'll get a rare center. It was the best steak I ever had. My steak was also delicious, and I really loved the crust on it.  For sides we had asparagus, green beans, and mushrooms. Everything was cooked perfectly, and with asparagus and green beans it really makes a difference.For dessert we had lemon cake on the house to celebrate our new marriage. I am not a cake person at all, and i'm REALLY not a lemon cake person, but it was absolutely delicious. The cake was really light and flavorful, not sour or tart at all. We were surprised at how much we loved it.Overall it was a great dinner and an amazing experience, we made the right choice having our wedding dinner there. Everyone had a great time, and an excellent meal, and it was the perfect ending to our special day. Thank you Del Frisco's for making such a memorable meal for us. :)
4	service was amazing, never had an empty glass of water, never waited for anything.started off with the seafood plateau with extra stone crab claws. soo good.the steak was HUGE like massive bone and steak. we got the special kobe bone in steak that was a ridiculous size i think maybe 22 oz? i forgot. but it was cooked to perfectionsides were lobster mac and cheese which was good but not amazing, and string beans with were tastydessert bleh nothing special about the molten chocolate cake too dense.
5	Overall: 5Food: 4.5Service: 5Service is excellent.  Waiters are attentive without being oppressive.  Also knowledgeable about the menu (don't be afraid to ask for recommendations).Interior seems a bit dated but sort of adds to the atmosphere of the place.Complimentary Bread: 5- warm and delicious- crusty outside with a soft and moist inside.16oz Prime Ribeye: 4.5- flavorful and juicy- slightly overcooked (order medium, arrived closer to medium well) but still juicy- seasoned well with nice seared outsideShared the following sides among the table:Asparagus: 4- well seasoned and not overcookedSauteed Fresh Mushrooms: 4- sauteed whole mushrooms- seasoned well and not overly butteryChateau Potatoes: 4- mashed potatoes- nice compliment to the steakOverall great steak place.  Steaks can shared (they will even split it for you).  I ordered the 16oz ribeye and it was a little to much steak for me (but I'm not the biggest meat eater).  Be careful not to eat too much of the delicious bread or you won't have room for the steak.  Come ready to be filled with excellent eats.
5	Well at least on my visit service was Excellent despite other not so well reviews. Steak was perfect and was comp 2 signature drinks known as VIP and a their signature 6 layer lemon butter cream cake. Awesome service. Also our server joey was excellent.  Thank you!
5	Del Frisco's is a great steak house. I love eating here every time I go to Vegas. The Vegas is strip is filled with excellent places to eat. Many of the top chefs and restaurants reside on the strip. However Del Frisco's is just as good. It is worth the drive off the strip to eat here.Service: We always have reservations when we eat here. Reservations do not seem too difficult to get. We normally come with about 8-12 people and we are seated immediately. The staff is always very helpful when going through the menu. They are extremely attentive. They go the extra mile to make sure every minor detail is covered. One time our waiter overheard us planning our night and he offered to try to get us on the list to XS! They consistently strive to provide customer satisfaction.Food: The food is great! I have had both the Porterhouse Steak and the Bone In Ribeye. Both were excellent and cooked to perfection. My preference is to eat the Ribeye. It is perfectly marbled and juicy. Sides are served family style and are all very good. I especially like the lobster mac and cheese. Del Friso's has great food and awesome service. I recommend this place if you are in Vegas. Its a great place to go out with friends, while getting away from the crazy busy Las Vegas Strip. They offer great food without the hassles that come with eating at some of the places on the strip.
5	I came here twice during the CES shows with my company and each time I was WOWed by the quality of the food.  I would go as far to say that this is probably the best steakhouse I have ever been to.The first time I went with a large group for a customer dinner and so we had a chance to try a bunch of the appetizers.  The most memorable one was the crab cakes and that was better than any of the ones I've had at other seafood restaurants.Both times I ordered the New York strip, and they cooked it just right (I like medium-rare) and I love the fact that they cook it in butter, but that it arrives on the plate in such a way that I don't feel bad eating something I know I will regret from a health standpoint.  The service at Del Friscos is top notch; exactly what you would expect from a higher end establishment.  I had to wait about 1 hour even though I had a reservation so I was a bit disappointed but in rare instances like this one, the food made me forget about that.
5	I don't issue many five star reviews; I reserve them for places that really over deliver...and this place qualifies.I got the long bone wagyu beef rib eye.   It was absolutely insane!  Great serviceGreat drinksNice atmosphereLots of good lookin' people having good lookin' food.Don't miss out on the place...a five minute cab ride off the strip.  Check It.
5	My husband and I celebrated our wedding anniversary at Del Friscos in Las Vegas and we enjoyed our dining experience. Nigel, our server, was very informative and extremely helpful! We were very pleased with Nigel's drink and food suggestions. In addition, the food and cocktails that we ordered were absolutely wonderful! For starters we both chose the VIP (Vodka infused with pineapple) cocktail. For our first course we ordered their chopped salad that had blue cheese, avocado, bacon with a basil vinaigrette. For the entree we ordered the Wagyu Tomahawk chop, Lobster Mac and Cheese and creamed spinach. Our dessert consisted of a sorbet trio which consisted of a lemon, mango, and blackberry sorbet. The dessert was a nice and light palette cleanser to a rich and delicious meal.We will be returning for sure!
4	I love my steak.  I love FREE steak even better!  Once again, thanks to my position as a geeky network admin I got to enjoy the benefits of an informative IT seminar.  At Del Frisco's no less!The IT seminar started off well with at least 50+ people from all over Las Vegas, IT workers from private and public institutions.  But in our minds I'm pretty sure everyone was quietly chanting to themselves, "Go meat, meat...go meat, meat".  I know I wasn't completely focused on 'cloud computing' and 'server virtualization'!After about an hour of the presentation our lunch started arriving.  We started off with a basket of their fresh bread, nice and warm out of the oven.  Good stuff I tell you!  We started off with the Del Frisco house salad with fresh lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, fresh croutons, and two large slices of smoked bacon.  This was topped with their avocado ranch dressing.  Great salad!  But definitely, definitely not on the health conscious side!  The salad was fresh, and the large house cut croutons were a very nice touch.  The creaminess of the avocado ranch cut through the saltiness of the bacon quite nicely.  With a little fresh ground black pepper on top the salad was excellent.While the IT seminar continued in the background, our next course came out.  We had the choice of either an 8 oz. filet mignon, 12 oz. ribeye, or the salmon.  Needless to say, when in a steak house do what the meatatarians do!  Salmon was out.  Medium rare ribeye was in!  However when I got my lil' slab of flesh something was amiss.  I noticed right away just by look that my steak was not cooked correctly.  Cut into it...damn!  It's near well done!  WTH?  I immediately call over the waiter and tell him I ordered medium rare ribeye.  He apologized profusely and said that he'll fix that right away.  I had to wait an extra 15 minutes for my ribeye but it was so worth it.  Waiter came back with my new steak, apologized again and said that there was a mistake in the kitchen and my previous order was at the wrong table.  Wow, who orders an expensive cut of meat well done?  For shame, I tell you!  That steak was like buttah!  Well, actually after broiling it was topped with a pat of butter as well, nicely melting on top of my ribeye.  So tender!  So juicy!  Seasoned just right with salt and pepper.  No steak sauce needed when the quality of the meat is great!  My ribeye also came accompanied with some of Del Frisco's chateau potatoes (similar to garlic mashed potatoes) that was good as well.  Very creamy and silky, you could tell the potatoes had a lot of butter in them.  I took a few bites, but concentrated on using all my allowed calories for the day on that lovely ribeye.  Done!  That ribeye was PWND!Near the end of out IT seminar dessert came out.  We were treated to a large serving of bread pudding.  I was treated to a large serving of GUILT.  Calorie consumption for day had easily exceeded the 2500 mark.  But it looked so good!  What would Tony Horton and my friends at P90X say?  I don't really recall, but up went my spoon!  The bread pudding was pretty good, very sweet and indulgent with their rum laced light caramel sauce.  And boy could I taste the butter!  After four bites I finally put my spoon down.  Whew!        Fattening lunch to say the least.  I was a wee bit slower trying to do an ungodly number of pullups that day for P90X.  But it was worth it!  Much thanks to the tech company hosting the seminar for the good eats!  Del Frisco...great food and great service!  Service was excellent and attentive, and the immediate fix to my mi-steak (get it?  LOL) was much appreciated.  I will definitely have to visit here to have a real sit down dinner in their dining room!  Though this time I will have to foot the bill.  Aww, sad me.
5	I visited Vegas for a tradeshow and was taken to dinner at Del Frisco's. I had never heard of it except the reviews from my peers that it was "the best steak ever."We had a large party (8) and so we had reservations but had to wait for a table. The place is busy and standing room only in the bar. I had a lemon drop and it was above par.We finally were seated in the corner and had a semi-private table. The one interesting thing that stood out from 'high-end' steakhouses to Del Frisco's is that we had 2 waiters who constantly stood by us.They dished us our sides and were always there to assist with additional beverages or any issues we had. I've been to other 'high-end' steakhouses where the waiter is hands-on before your meal but then not present until after. I appreciated the extra touch.The steak's were quite large and I had the sirloin. I had the 8-oz and was barely able to finish it as it was a thick cut as well as the large portions of the sides.After we arrived back to our offices, we received a personal thank you card from Del Frisco's hand-written thanking us for visiting and to come back when in town.Loved the service, quality of food and the personal touches. I didn't end up feeling like another 'customer' who passed through. Definitely going to spend $100/pp for a meal but a nice place to enjoy a quality steak and get away from the "typical" diners on the strip.
5	Found this awesome steakhouse thanks to the handy Yelp app!  I'm so glad, since there were so many other choices on the strip and especially after having to cancel our other steakhouse reservation.  We were staying at the Venetian and the place was only 1 mile off the strip, which was not bad of a walk since the weather was so great.  We waited at the bar for the rest of our group to arrive and ordered some drinks.  The pineapple infused vodka was tasty, which they ferment themselves in small glass jars.  The bread & butter to start was really good.  But I had to stop myself, since I wanted to save room for the main event.  The Steak Tartare was also very good, probably better then most places I've had it.  The melty steak, lemon juice, and the crisp crostini all went together so well.  Next came out the steaks: the reason we came here.  I ordered the Double Eagle Bone In Strip with a side of Truffle Butter.  Once I heard "Truffle Butter", I didn't even hear the other few sauce choices.  I cut into my steak, upon the server's request, and it was cooked perfectly at a medium rare. Juicy, beefy, and truffle buttery steak... it was flavor country.  The Lobster Mac & Cheese side was creamy delicious and the cheesey bacon Potatoes Au Gratin were also very good.  I was tired anymore and was just happy.  One of my friends ordered roasted chicken, which he said was "phenomenal".  We also had a vegetarian in the group, so I was happy he was able to custom order a pasta.  They also offered an option to order larger portions of 3 sides.From the bartender to both of our servers, the service was great.  We all had a fantastic meal and was the perfect last dinner of our trip.  It makes me sad in the pants that there isn't a Del Frisco's in Chicago.Also, be sure to ask to check out the Bond Table before you leave.
5	Ok so I'm a huge fan of Yelp, but I've never written a review... Why? I don't know, maybe I'd rather read reviews than write them, or maybe it's just pure laziness... Anyway, I'm finally ready to pop my yelp cherry and write my first review! Here it goes:My hubby and I are in town for the weekend and one thing that I love about Vegas other than partying, is the FOOD! There are so many great eats out here it's ridiculous. Anyway, he wanted to take me out to a nice steak dinner for mothers day and the reviews here were awesome so we gave it a shotWe got the tomahawk long bone 32oz ribeye and split it. It just Melts in your mouth! We also split the Lobster Mac n cheese and it was another hit! Not too heavy but nice and creamy... Love love love it! Our server Liz was beyond awesome and the manager(totally forgot her name) stopped by our table to chat w/us and gave us a huge slice of their incredible lemon cake complimentary for mamas day. I've never had service that good!Definitely coming back on our next visit!
5	Service and food is as good as it gets in a steakhouse. Pricing for Wagyu steak is fair, $90 for a 32 oz piece that two could share. Crabcake with Cajun sauce was delicious, but only one crabcake in the appetizer portion. The bread was nothing to write home about. The steak was the star of the evening, perfectly seasoned and prepared. We were licking the bone! They had prisoner by the glass, one of our favorite wines. Perhaps next time I would order the rib eye bone-in steak because the Wagyu, though melt-in-the-mouth tender, had too much fat for my liking.
5	Simply the best steak in Vegas. Staff is super cool, not stuffy, and there is usually a thank you card in mailbox by the time I get home from Vegas.
5	Amazing.  As long as you can get someone else to pay, I think this place is better than most of the other steakhouse chains I've been to (although Capital Grille still holds the gold medal in my book).  After overeating for the majority of my trip, I decided on the double filet mignon with lobster and scallops.  It was the perfect size and wonderfully cooked.  Sides were fantastic too -- lobster mac & cheese and potatoes au gratin were standouts.  Crab cake was also heavenly.  The only thing that slightly disappointed was the shrimp appetizer with three sauces... seemed a little too bland for my taste. The service was amazing.  We were with a group of eight and we ordered sides for the table.  In most steakhouses they plop down the sides, but in Del Frisco they actually brought in three servers at once who SPOONED out the sides to everybody.  Made things a lot less awkward at the table!Finally, we capped off the night with a visit to the James Bond table.  Definitely one of the best meals I've had to date.
5	New fav steakhouse. Not based on steaks alone. Steak is equal maybe slightly better than mastro city hall phx n costa mesa. More flavor for sure but mastro gets that crust better. Del has bomb VIP drink - pineapple soaked w/vodka. Best crab cakes anywhere, calamari fried perfect but sauce tad sweet. Blue chs Wedge salad refreshing. Sesame seed bread awesome, 1st time eating that newhere. Great service, ambiance not too dark n stuffy like other places, cool james bond table.
2	I'm not sure why everyone raves about this steakhouse.  We have had better food - just across the street.  Our server was great but the food can only be described as mediocre.  The tomato and onion salad consisted of huge slices of under-ripe tomatoes and huge hunks of hot onion that no one could eat.  The rib-eye was OK but not spectacular.  I can name two dozen other steakhouses in Phoenix and Las Vegas that far surpass the food here.  Hopefully we were there on a bad night but we don't plan to give it a second chance--not for the prices charged.
5	Ok yes all the reviews are correct.. I can vouch so no need to continue on... But yes yes yes... best steak house evaaaaah... Great cocktails, piano bar and great steak and lobster... nice wine list, but pretty spendy especially being off strip, but was very well worth it!
4	Del Frisco's Las Vegas delivers not nearly the quality delivered of their Manhattan location, but they serve a great steak, tasty bread and good side dishes. Plus, the service is excellent. I ordered the 12oz Filet Mignon and it was served basically as sushi...raw on the inside. I am not sure why they didn't butterfly the tall filet. Anyway, after the second try, the steak was still raw on the inside, so - to the restaurant's credit - the general manager visited our table with a new steak on the house. That action saved the night. As for the side dishes (everything is a'la carte) the Caesar salad was wonderful with a light and tasty dressing, the onion rings were hot, flavorful and not greasy, and the lobster macaroni and cheese was good, though not my favorite dish in the first place. Their complimentary bread is fresh, hot, soft and flavorful. Even the valet out front raved about the bread. Getting there requires a $20 cab ride from the Strip. During your 90-minute stay, be prepared for steep prices, dark lighting, great service and above average food. Trying to get back to the trip can take time due to the location, so plan ahead!This was not the best steak I've had - even within the Del Frisco's locations - but it is a great place for a special occasion or a night on the town.
5	Wow. Just WOW.I live in San Diego, so there's only a couple steakhouses that I've been to. But quote me on this. And I'm gonna say this loud and proud:"Ruth's Chris and Donovan's ain't got NOTHING on Del Frisco's."So check it: I came here for dinner when I was in town on business. Everything was a plus. The place was nice. The hostess' were beautiful. The servers were professional. And the food was DElicious.I had the filet mignon with a salad, and the table split a crab cake appetizer and lobster mac and cheese. YES, LOBSTER MAC AND CHEESE. Everything was cooked to absolute perfection.Now I should remind you, steakhouses don't go cheap. Especially since  you're in Vegas. So go here on a SUPER special occasion, like if you're trying to impress a girl. Or go here like I did, on a business trip dinner where the company pays for it. =)So in conclusion, Del Frisco's is the best steakhouse I've ever been to in my years of life. You have to go here at some point in your life. But be prepared to drop some serious cash!
5	This place does not mess around. In addition to being an absolutely top notch steak house with amazingly good service, they always have items on and off the menu that will make you happy even if you aren't in the mood for steak. On the night I was there, they had stone crab claws and some other items you will never find on a competitor's menu.  100% legit. I think this is my favorite steakhouse of them all. No joke.
5	One of the best Steak Houses with one of the best steaks that I've had in a long time!  The service was exceptional as well and the wine list goes on and on!  Our steaks were made to perfection and my mouth waters just writing this review!  Wow!  It was our 2nd wedding anniversary and we had mentioned to them that it was.  So without warning they brought us a lemon 3 layer cake that was to die for!  So sweet! Exceptional!  Wait, I think I already mentioned that, but it deserved saying it twice!It's a must go to!  Put this restaurant on your bucket list for sure!
5	I love this place!!!This is one of the best steak house off the strip. Very seldom we will dine off the strip, but this steakhouse was an exception. I ordered a RIb Eye Steak and shared other sides with friends. The sides were all ordered separately and shared with the table. The bread is very good!!! We also tried the stone crab claws which was okay. Nothing so special about those. Make sure to order the pineapple vodka. It is very DELICIOUS.One advice...  We had a party of 10 and we ordered less sides than recommended and it worked out perfect-no left overs. We were stuffed!!! The sides are pretty big, I would say almost equivalent to Mastro's.In addition to providing great food and service, make sure to ask to check out the James Bond wine case inside the piano. ...It will make you say... W O W!
5	The best steak dinner I have ever eaten.  From the service and dirty martinis to my steak and sides I only wish I had more clients to take here for dinner.
5	Run, don't walk to Del Frisco's before Labor Day to hit their $99 dinner for 2 special! It includes choice of salads, choice of sides, 8 ounce filets, huge crab cake, and choice of desserts! YUM. I've been to nearly every steak place in town but had always passed this place up. It's a chain and we have so many awesome steak places here.. why even try it? I found out about the $99 special and that they were associated with my favorite steak chain of all time, Sullivans, and I knew I had to try it. The signature martini is the same one from Sullivans.. a yummy pineapple infused vodka! I adore this martini and it's a delicious way to start your evening. Our dinners here were incredible! We are total and completely steak snobs and weren't expecting much, but these steaks were so damn good! SO MUCH better than the steaks I ate at SW Steakhouse just a few weeks ago.  If I had to be picky, the mushrooms I picked as my side were bland and boring, but this was a non-issue honestly. I was too focused on my yummy meat! The caesar salad and chocolate mousse were also excellent, as well. For tourists, perhaps you should stick to a more famous steak place on the strip.. but for locals skip the strip and head to this place! We liked it far better than Envy or Twin Creeks or our other locals spots. We will definitely be back to sample the $99 special again this summer!
5	Now this steak house is the bomb!!!! Husband and I ordered the 22oz Bone-in Prime Rib Eye. It was soooo good, one of the best steaks we had....can't stop thinking about it! =)  It was tasty and not chewy at all..cooked to perfection (medium), just how we like it! Didn't even need A-1. The Lobster Mac n Cheese was pretty good too, but a few of my friends didn't like it too much. The corn side dish was good but the mash potatoes were ok.  We'll definitely return for the steak =P Service was awesome.
5	One of my best dining experiences. Service was impeccable. Food was exemplary. Just a truly wonderful experienceStarted with my first glass of finish scotch, did the power couple with onion rings and oysters on the half to start off. ask for the truffle butter. Ended with all 4 deserts. the mousse, cheesecake, bread pudding, and a banana bread w ice cream or something. Couldn't remember because it wasn't even on the menu yet.Not even joking, around a dozen or so servers, hosts, bussers, and food runners either served a dish, bussed our plates, folded our napkins when we left the table, or brushed the crumbs off the table. Not to mention the executive chef presented us with the new dessert. Thanks to Nicole and Mark and the whole Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House Staff for an unbelievable evening
5	I wouldn't say this was the best steak that I've eaten in my life.  But as an overall experience I would say this was one of the better steakhouses I've been to.  I'm not usually one to blow big bucks at a steakhouse, not when we can usually prepare very good steaks at home, especially with the quality of beef you can get at mail order and high-end grocers nowadays.  Instead, I usually spend my high-end dining dollars on restaurants with multiple-course tasting menus that would be hard for me to execute at home.  Also, steakhouses usually charge extra for sides, have sky-high markups for wine, and usually don't take (or have really expensive) corkage.  However, my husband (who does most of the actual steak-cooking in the house anyway) does like to eat out for steak occasionally, and it is a nice change from all the other"frou-frou" restaurants that I like to frequent.I gotta say though, that this place is actually *gasp* a decent value for the money, especially for Vegas where you can easily spend $100 on a single steak.  My friend and I split one of their specials, a bone-in Wagyu Tomahawk ribeye, and it wound up costing us $45 apiece.  Our husbands, who got standalone ribeye steaks of their own (no bone) were definitely jealous as ours was just so much juicier and more tender.  I don't think I've ever been to any other steakhouse where you can get Wagyu for that much.  The steak was perfectly cooked (medium-rare of course!) and I have no complaints about it whatsoever.The appetizers we ordered, tuna tartare and crab cake, were tasty and well-executed, though not particularly exciting.  But then, this was an old-school type of place so I wasn't exactly expecting cutting-edge.  The sides were also pretty decent...I'm not a big fan of potatoes au gratin but my dining companions enjoyed it, the mushrooms were flavorful but did not overpower the steak.  We didn't order dessert since we were already stuffed from all the steak and even had leftovers.The drinks were good and reasonably priced as well.  We started off with their signature cocktail...a martini-like concoction with pineapple juice.  It was very refreshing and a good start to the meal.  They also had a very expansive wine list (they better since they don't let you bring outside wine) with many great selections of California cabs, my wine of choice for a good steak.  I was very pleased to note that they had a special section devoted to lesser-known producers that were also more affordable.  Unlike many other steakhouses that tend to push the customer towards higher priced wines (I'm looking at you Alexander's and Harbour Sixty), our server was very happy to talk to us about some of the smaller wineries on the list.  We finally settled on a 2007 Terra Valentine cab from Spring Mountain (one of the less famous Napa valley appellations) which went perfectly with all our steaks.  The service overall was extremely good...they asked us at the beginning if we had a show to catch so they could pace the dinner accordingly, they called us a taxi to take us back at the perfect time, and even showed us their "James Bond table".  This was definitely one of the best service that I've seen for a steakhouse.One of the best values for a steakhouse, and one of the best values overall in the city.  I would highly recommend this place for anyone craving a steak in Las Vegas.
5	DELICIOUS!!!  We celebrated my mom's 60th birthday here and could not have been more pleased.J and I had just had the Morton's filet and seafood for two deal and were so impressed that we couldn't believe that we were just impressed with Del Frisco's.  Everything was delicious.  We had the house salad (with two strips of thick bacon on top), the filet and crab cake combo and chocolate mousse and butterscotch cheesecake for dessert.  The filet was soooo good; mildly crusted with pepper and cooked to a perfect medium rare.  The crab cake had so much crab and almost no "filler".  The mousse and cheesecake were good, but by the time they came out, we were soooo full!THey brought out a piece of lemon cake for my mom's birthday and boy was that great!!!  Light and fluffy and just perfect!We will definitely be back that next time we're in town!
4	Hands down one of the best steakhouses I've been too. Please note though - I did not actually have the steak, but my boyfriend did. Who said it was absolutely excellent.Everything about this place is nice. Our server was super attentive and had answers to all of our questions. Their raspberry martini is the bomb.com, as well as their lemon drop. Their bread. What can I say about the bread. Have you ever had bread melt in your mouth? Yes its that good.My chicken dish was decent. The actual chicken was just okay, but the vegetables and rice it came with was the best. Our side order of mashed potatoes was also great.Overall a great experience. Not to mention they had a live piano player. Was a wonderful night!
5	Thanks to Yelp, my husband and I were able to find a really wonderful restaurant to celebrate our 10 year anniversary in Las Vegas. We checked out all the other big name steakhouses and fancy restaurants on the Strip, but we finally agreed on coming here based on the excellent reviews and the $99 summer special! Yes, you heard that right, it's called the Power Couple menu, I believe, and you do have to ask for it since they only give you the regular dinner menu as soon as you're seated. It's a pre-fixe meal for two that includes a salad, 8 oz filet mignon, crab cake, a choice of side (I highly recommend the spinach), and dessert. Suffice to say, we were stuffed to the gills by the end of the meal. Price - excellent!  Hurry, the special ends on Labor Day. Taste - the steak was incredible; the crab cakes were moist and replete with jumbo lump crab, no fillers; the Del's salad was made more extraordinary because of the two full thick-cut strips of crunchy bacon.  Service - In spite of the initial snafu where our server was nowhere to be seen for the first 15 minutes, we were rescued by the friendly and efficient Alana. She profusely apologized for the confusion, took our orders immediately, and continued to check in on us no less than 5 times during the meal. We were served by about 6 different people throughout the night, from the manager folding the hubby's napkin when he got up to go to the bathroom to refilling my Coke without being asked. The manager was even there to ask us if our steaks were cooked just the way we wanted it, as it was being served to us. Furthermore, since we told them it was our anniversary, we were greeted by everyone "Happy Anniversary" at least 8 times, and our drinks were comped too. Thanks to Alana and the wonderful staff of Delfrisco's for a night to remember!
4	I love a good steak, and I hadn't had one in ages. When it came time to pick a place for my birthday dinner, I said that I didn't really care where we went as long as I could get a good steak. Del Frisco's did not disappoint. We ordered the "Power Couple" Del Frisco's $99 three course menu for two (available until Labor Day). We also added a side of Lobster Macaroni & Cheese.I love lobster, and I love macaroni and cheese... How can you go wrong?! We were both pleased with our salads. Our steaks were absolutely perfect, and the Signature Crab Cake was a delicious mountain of crab. I would have liked a little more of the Cajun Lobster Sauce with my crab cake. The Chateau Potatoes were yummy. The Spinach Supreme was tasty, but it wasn't my favorite. Unfortunately, I was fairly underwhelmed by the Lobster Macaroni & Cheese... Too much to live up to maybe? We finished the meal with Bread Pudding and Chocolate Mousse. The bread pudding was dense and full of raisins and nuts, not really my taste.The chocolate mousse was fantastic. There was a little hidden layer of cake inside that I really enjoyed. They have also have a decent selection of wines by the glass and Scotch whisky.
5	Yes, this place lives up to the hype and the high star rating.This place has great ambiance, knowledgeable and professional staff and delicious steaks!  The sesame bread here is served hot out of the oven and really good with the garlic butter spread.  I had the bone in rib eye (medium rare) and it was DELICIOUS!!!  It came on a greased 500 degree plate and there was a nice exterior crust of cracked pepper and salt.  You can taste the richness of the beef and was super tender.  For our side we shared an order of au gratin potatoes (it was a little too cheesy for my liking but still really good).  Oh I forgot to mention we started off with the crab cake appetizer.  LOTS of crab minimal filler.For dessert we had the strawberry cheese cake.  Over great experience here at Del Friscos.   Probably one of the best steaks I've had in Vegas thus far.
5	Excellent service. Delicious rib eye.
5	Hands down the best all around meal I have ever eaten out. Bone in ribeye was cooked to perfection and very flavorful. My wife had the filet which was also perfect. Both steaks could be cut with a fork!  Crab cake appetizer was awesome....all crab and no breading. Our party of 4 had several sides, all of which were great. Service was also exceptional. Can't wait to go back!!
5	Very accommodating and friendly staff to our 3 children.  We enjoyed our filet mignon, oysters, fried prawns, grilled salmon, & mac and cheese.
5	This restaurant is out of this world!  Everything is soooo rediculously GOOD!!!  The filet mignot I had was perfectly cooked (medium rare) and super soft like butter!  The best steakhouse I've ever been to!  My boyfriend and I left the restaurant with amazement of how GREAT this place is!  It's expensive but worth every bit!  We will definitely dine here again when we come back to Vegas!
5	Del Frisco's ranks as one of the finest steakhouses I've ever experienced and warrants a five star rating. All the bases are covered here. Fabulous upscale ambiance, extremely knowledgeable wait staff, extensive wine list, exquisite steaks and tasty side dishes combine for a very special dining experience.We were a party of six which amplified the dining experience as this allowed for the sampling of numerous appetizers and side dishes in addition to our individual entrees. There wasn't a single item delivered to our table that wasn't perfectly prepared, presented and fully consumed. Granted this is a small chain restaurant with locations in about 10 metro areas throughout the country. I've dined at two other locations on the east coast with the same experience. Each location customizes their menu to some extent to allow for regional tastes and to showcase local offerings.
5	House drink is tasty, crab cakes delicious. The ambieance is nice, it feels nice and welcoming, without being pretentious like other steakhouses. the steak was tasty. The service was ok, the waitress would disappear for long stretches, granted she had another large party, but she made all great recommendations.  I will definitley come back and recommend this place.  last note, didn't appreciate peoples casualness, people going in shorts and hawaiian shirts, c'mon people, step it up.
5	This steakhouse provides a very nice ambiance that is welcoming and unpretentious, which is not always the case at other high-end steakhouses in Vegas. We sat at the bar while we waited for our table since we were early for our reservation. Both the house cocktail and the margarita were tasty.To start, we tried the crab cake (everyone we spoke to recommended it). It was delicious. They bake their cakes instead of frying them and that made the cake nice and light. The sauce on the plate is delicious. They are not very big and each order only comes with one cake, so that is kind of a bummer when you are sharing with someone else.I had their filet special which consisted of an 8oz filet mignon spilt and prepared in two different styles. The first had crab meat, asparagus, and hollandaise sauce on top. The second had a scallop wrapped in shrimp on top. Both were absolutely delicious. When they bring the steak out, they ask that you slice through the middle to make sure that it is prepared to your satisfaction. For our sides, we got both the sauteed mushrooms and the potatoes au gratin. The au gratin was great, the mushrooms were just okay.In terms of the service, our server was really nice and provided great recommendations, but there were a few stretches when we didn't see her. In her defense, however, she did have a large party, so I'm sure that they kept her occupied.This place as more casual than Yelp lets on. I would say that as long as you wear a nice blouse/shirt and nice shoes you will be fine. It's more business casual than anything else.I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone looking to have an excellent meal and am looking forward to my next visit.
5	omg... best meal i can remember having... amazing.best service. best food. best ambiance. this place needs a Yelp loves us sticker!food:16 oz australian lobster-  truffle butter... $100 ok, i know sooooooooo expensive but soooooo worth it. it was honestly the best lobster i ever had and ive had good lobster before. omg. it was just seriously a pure orgasm.wine:bottle of moscato-  good stuffservice:kelsey was our waitress and she was so great! shes so sweet and just friendly. very good service.ambiance:very romantic and old schoolnotes:* you get what u paid for* ask for the rewards club* they can call a cab for u (they do have parking too)* this is a high end restaurant* dress code
3	Steak houses in Vegas are a "dime a dozen" but they aint got a JAMES BOND WINE TABLE! That has got to be the coolest shizzy ever! Honestly this has been the first time I have ever went into a steakhouse dressed in a T shirt! LOL Wait staff was great and very comical...something I wasnt expecting but I guess they saw the casual appearance and lightened up the mood! Your typical steakhouse menu items. All sides are ala carte. My Ribeye steak was just OK...nothing memorable about it. Next time we have to try the famed HANK's!
4	I was looking for a Steakhouse in Vegas that served Kobe Beef. Del Frisko had a 3/4 Pound Kobe Rib Eye Steak. I shared it with my wife and was in heaven. Now I know, what all the commotion is about Kobe Beef. The next time I am in Vegas I will definatly return to Del Frisco's
5	Del Frisco's has been on my list of places to try out for awhile. (There's a happy hour there that I want to try out one of these days which ends at 6:30.)  It was a fairly large celebration with 10 of us which was perfect for a Del Frisco's night. We were seated  right away in the corner which was perfect for us. Since I am the "foodie" of the group, I was appointed the job to order the side dishes and the appetizers. We started of with 2 orders (6 per an order) of the East and West Coast Oysters. I think the West coast oysters were bigger than the East Coast....the quality was excellent as was the freshness. I didn't even use Tabasco or any other sauce! I also ordered the tuna tartare, which was fresh and tasty. I was definitely ready for my main course after that.For my main dish I ordered one of the specials. Two filets, one with crab and one with scallop/shrimp. I liked the flavoring of the crab filet more, but both filets were tender and easy to eat. I do appreciate the fact that they have you cut into the meat to make sure it is to your liking when they first give you your entree. I wonder what they do with the meats that are too overcooked....Side dishes included the lobster mac and cheese, au gratin potatoes, mashed potatoes, creamed spinach and grilled asparagus. The potatoes and lobster mac and cheese didn't WOW me, but I did appreciate the veggies although the spinach was VERY creamy. There was a pianist there who was performing which made the noise level a bit hard to hear people in my group talk, but other than that Del Frisco's was wonderful. Service was impeccable and attentive. I definitely will be back!
5	It was nice that this place was  a little quiet...off the strip but near a lot of other steak places like Mortons and Ruth's Chris... We started with the crab cake, which was amazing... it was baked and large lumps of crab, and the cajun lobster sauce was really good too.. I had the prime ribeye and it was just wonderful..husband had the 8 oz filet.. we also got the asparagus and the au gratin potatoes.. The asparagus was really good, but the au gratin potatoes were sort of meh.. We were asked to cut our steaks to make sure it was cooked to our liking.. Our server was just great.. we drank ice tea and our glasses were never less than half full... They offer valet and self parking.Overall our experience was just wonderful, and we hope to return.
5	Bachelor party of 9 guys - great delicious steaks, good appetizers, good side dishes, excellent service, not far off strip, helpful and patient wait staff, good vibe, good noise level.  Dollar for dollar the best place to eat steaks for your saturday night bachelor party/large group meal in vegas.  You will spend nearly twice as much at Cut, Charlie Palmer's, or any of the other major name steakhouses on the strip and it won't be nearly as good.  Go here, end of story.We sat at a round table in the main dining room but they can accomodate groups in private rooms.  I'm very pleased with the experience we had and would go there again next time I'm with a large group.
5	Delicious.  The fillet mignon is outstanding, as are the crab cakes.  Our server was spot on.  The interior is very classic steakhouse, all dim lighting and dark woods.  Very nice.  This was my wife's birthday dinner and they went all out to make the evening special, including a card signed by the staff and a free taste of their amazing lemon cake dessert.  Del Frisco's is off the Strip (thankfully) and well worth the trip.  Recommended!
5	I had the Nebraska Wagyu off menu special. It was $90, 20 oz, and it was awesome steak. Best food I had this week in Vegas. I also had the beef tartare, which was good. Wines by the glass were great, service was great. I would come here anytime. I would have to say the air quality in here is a bit strange. I don't like the smell in the air - it wasn't a bad smell, but it wasn't a food smell. If I owned this place, I would rip out the carpet and the drop ceiling and replace them, such a nice place needs top air quality.I will be back. This place was the only good place out of 5 dinners at steakhouses.
5	My boyfriend took me here for my birthday. We made reservations for 7 on a Saturday night. Upon arrival, the place was pretty quiet. After ordering, it started to get packed! And a bit loud.My boyfriend ordered the tomahawk. I ordered the 12oz. filet mignon. For an appetizer, we had the crab cake. And for sides, we had the lobster mac and cheese. The crab cake was out of this world good. And so were the lobster mac and cheese. The steaks were cooked perfectly. My boyfriend couldn't finish the tomahawk, it was huge! We were stuffed an hour later. And as a complimentary gift, I got a card signed by the staff at Del Friscos and a big slice of lemon cake. I'm not a steak person but I left here really happy. I'll be back when I'm in Vegas again.
4	Great steaks and service.  The Sommelier (Steve) was great and matched the wine perfectly with our food.  Wine price was about 3-4x retail though.  Overall, we enjoyed Del Frisco's Las Vegas.
4	The service doesnt get any better than Del Friscos.If you want to Get romantic and take your lady out for a nice date look no further.  I really like the service and the nice and chill atmosphere at Del Friscos.  The taste of vegas had me rushing to make my appointment to this jewel.  I ordered filet mignon and lt was umm good.  I did get pumped by some of the reviews so maybe my expectations were to high because it didnt top the my chart for best steak, but it was good. We selected a side of sauteed mushrooms and potatos.  The sides were ok as well.For desert we had cheesecake, and it wasumm not good. Overall i would recommend this restaurant if you like good treatment, good food, and good ambience which all equals a good time!
5	Absolutely my favorite steakhouse! Not just in Vegas but ever!Great Meat and Great Sides. Lobster Mac and Cheese. I had the dead baby cow porterhouse, (Veal Porterhouse) for the first time. It was not my favorite cut of meat but it was still delicious. This is one place I made sure to stay sober for so I could enjoy my meal.
4	After starting with the steak tartare, we did the Power Couple menu. The steak tartare was just okay, especially considering I just had the most amazing steak tartare at Comme Ca.   At $99, the Power Couple menu was an incredible deal and consisted of:Choice of House or Caesar Salad8 oz filet with crab cakeChoice of sideChoice of DessertMost everything was well-prepared, but my favorite was the crab cake.  One of the best I have ever had.  Chateau potatoes are a must try.  I had a couple of bites of the chocolate mousse for dessert and could have skipped it altogether.  The weakest link in a consistently good meal.Service was fantastic but I was not a fan of the atmosphere.  Kind of stuffy.
5	An absolute must if you're in town. I've eaten at Cut at the Palazzo and I still love Del Frisco's and their "steakhouse" feel of a restaurant and the food is devine!!! YOU MUST GO!
5	Every steak I have had at Del Frisco's has been amazing!  All of the sides have always been great, though I miss the jalapeno-bacon mac & cheese, the lobster style was nice.Atmosphere is great for dates, business outings or group dinners, and they always have something special to show you at the end of the night, here they had the James Bond table, which was very cool!Though you will pay a bit more here, you know this ahead of time.  They treat you very well, and the thank you card I got in the mail a few days later was a very nice touch!
4	I had the rib eye steak and the crab claws.  The food was excellent, but on par for Las Vegas standards.  Service was excellent and fast.The crab cake was tasty with a small portion.
5	While I was in Vegas in February and waited for my friends to get ready for a night out on the town, I was watching TV and Del Frisco's came on as one of the restaurants in Vegas to try out.  Immediately I bookmarked it and decided to give it a whirl for my birthday this weekend.  I was not disappointed!!My friend made reservations at 5:30pm on Saturday for our party of three.  Del Frisco's is located a short cab away (about $10 from Encore).  We arrived and were seated immediately.  The Appetizer: *Steak Tartare - Yummy!  The tartare was tender and flavorful.  I will admit, I did miss the egg you usually mix in, but the dish was still delicious.The Meat:*Bone in Ribeye Wagyu - Yum! My friend and I decided to split the wagyu since it was a 32 oz cut of meat.  The meat was delicious, extremely flavorful, and cooked to a perfect medium rare. The Sides:*Spinach Supreme - MMMM...Definitely a must order!  The spinach was creamy and had pieces of bacon in every bite (bacon does make everything better).*Lobster Mac & Cheese - Good.  The top of the dish had a nice panko like crisp to it.  But...where was all the lobster?  I sat there picking through the mac and cheese and noticed there was not much lobster meat.*Chateau Potatoes - Pass. I'm not much of a fan of potatoes so maybe that's why I didn't enjoy the dish.  To me, it tasted similar to a warm potato salad.SERVICE:FABULOUS!  The hostesses greeted us as we walked in and wished me a happy birthday.  Our waitress, Kelsey, was great.  She was helpful, good natured, and friendly.  She checked on us regularly and made sure the meal was to our liking.  While she cut into our meat to make sure it was to our liking, there were three servers going around, each serving us a scoop of one of the sides.For those looking to also drink, Del Frisco's does have a fully stocked bar.Oh yeah, one of the cutest things I've seen at a restaurant, in addition to the slice of lemon cake for my birthday, I was given a signed birthday card from the staff.  Thanks to my friends and Del Frisco's to the fabulous birthday dinner!
5	Reservations set for 9:30pm on a Saturday night.  Got there and was seated right after checking in.  To start we got a pitcher of their specialty drink the "VIP".  It was so tasty and smooth I feel like I can drink the whole pitcher myself.  Vodka infused pineapples aged for xx amount of days then squeezed and served on the rocks or as a martini.  Starters: Crab Cake - Simply amazing, fresh and full of crabs with a delightful sauce that just enhances the flavor of the crab.  To top it off the bread that they serve goes really well with the sauce, and we were told that is the right way to eat the crab cake and sauce.  Use the bread and clean the plate =).Shanghai style calamari - Interesting, and full of flavor as well.  Sweet and spicy sauce that adds a tangy twist to the calamari yet still crispy.  Special chop salad - lettuce, blue cheese, bacon, and avocado.  Simple yet refreshing.Main course: Tomahawk cut of the Wagyu beef rib eye - So tender and huge, this is a portion to share between two people. Bone in Rib eye - Cooked just the way I asked for.  Always a plus when I can get the cut cook just the way I like it.  The plate comes out piping hot so it also helps cook the meat more.  Flavorful and tender.Sides:Cream Spinach - has bacon bits so it was really good.  MMMMmmm baconLobster Mac n Cheese - This was good as well, but I would pick the spinach to be the better side of the night. All of this food only cost us around $350, which isn't bad at all.
5	As i rubbed my overstuffed belly, dude said it's ok if i want to unbutton. I told him i unbuttoned already about 30 min ago!Wowee, i think i consumed more food here that i did at the buffets. I brought my relatives here to treat them to a nice steak dinner, without breaking the bank. For restaurant week, they were doing a great deal (which is pretty much half of their power couple meal). For $50, you get a 3 course meal. Most of our table ordered that, while my dude and uncle just got their manly bone in Rib Eyes. The deal came with a Petit Filet and crabcake, along with salad and dessert. But ur allowed to tweak your meal and don't necessarily have to stick with the written options- a few items, u have to pay extra for. You start off with huge sesame seed bread served with butter. Not the best bread steak house bread i've had, but it was soft and yummy. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IT_4EEIbv6Ox1jBRMyE7pg?select=0BlIFseV-5Hd16I-PcRrXQ My Del's salad was awesome!. Mainly cuz it came with two huge pieces of delicious thick but crisp bacon on top!!! I got mine with an avocado dressing which was so good! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IT_4EEIbv6Ox1jBRMyE7pg?select=Gl37AEprIq227kFoigLohwThe petit Filet was pretty filling and cooked nicely med rare.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IT_4EEIbv6Ox1jBRMyE7pg?select=fNMin5UVASwyyFBm_eMUlgThe bone in Rib Eye was good as well, dude loved it as he's had it before. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IT_4EEIbv6Ox1jBRMyE7pg?select=HyA9h7GFL35u0YrUgi3uvg  It was good, but i felt it lacked that buttery char that i love on my rib eye. Mastros i say still does a better Bone In Rib eye. For sides, the staff comes around and spoons out the sides you ordered, which come in large portions that u could share them. I tried the spinach (creamy with bacon!), and mushrooms were ok. The baked potato looked good. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IT_4EEIbv6Ox1jBRMyE7pg?select=_fxRw3wX86gejNGyy2rAWgThe crabcakes were pretty good. My uncle got the Salmon and said that the Tchoupitoulas sauce it came with was delicious and light. My aunt got the seared tuna steak- which was good but not great. She enjoyed the crab cake more. We all let out some gasps when we saw the humongous desserts!We were too stuffed but couldn't resist the yummy looking desserts. The bread pudding was the best-  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IT_4EEIbv6Ox1jBRMyE7pg?select=J4y4JWu2Kzjwv4Q_Ein0cQStrawberry cheesecake was huge and very cream cheesy than sweet http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IT_4EEIbv6Ox1jBRMyE7pg?select=NiuW7t29bUx5BSZYH-8DKwChocolate mousse was delicious. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IT_4EEIbv6Ox1jBRMyE7pg?select=PU3xnSpdx9YjuOQpNiNikQOne dessert, i think is big enough to share between 3 people, esp after having a huge dinner already. Service was outstanding. Our waiter was very knowledgable about the menu and took his time explaining everything and made us all feel very comfortable. We saw atleast 10 different wait staff come to our table, either refilling our drinks (even after one sip!) or bringing out our dishes. I signed up for their rewards card which racks you up points for dollars spent for gift cards. They charge u an initial fee of $25.00 which they reinburse you in the form of a giftcard for later. You can also sign up online before going there, so you can use it on your first visit. Be sure to let them know of any b-days, as u will get a comped dessert! * A little bit off the strip off Paradise by Ruth's Chris and Mortons.
5	We come to Vegas once a year and we were looking for a killer steakhouse. Yelp did not disappoint. Everything was great from the service to the food to the Kobe beef steak for 2 to the wine and desert. We enjoyed ourselves for about 3 1/2 hours and were never rushed to get out of there as they did not need to clear the table for someone else. $350 for 2 including the tip and it was a very nice evening. Agree 100% with all the other reviews. You can't go wrong here.
5	Finally got a chance to try this place on my latest trip to LV.  I have to say, I thought it was great.  The original intent was to go the cheap route and get the 'power couple' meal which is like 99 bucks for two.  However after checking out the menu my friend and I opted for the more expensive route.For appetizers got the crab cakes and the shrimp, both of these were excellent.  For dinner I got a menu special which was Filet Mignon prepared two ways which I now am naming 'Dueling Filets'.  Both of these filets were melt in your mouth delicious and prepared with two different sauces.   The creamed spinach was also great.  Service was impeccable.  We had 2 waiters at all times, perhaps one was a trainee.  When they brought the food there were 4 wait staff attending, situating our food and making sure we were taken care of.  We were also checked on by a manager who asked us how we were doing and of course I let it slip that it was my friend's birthday so we got a complimentary huge slice of their lemon chiffon cake.  That was also delicious.That signature VIP drink with infused pineapple was delicious.  I could have sat there all night drinking those things and considering how much I spent gambling later perhaps I should have just sat there.  They have huge jars of the soaking pineapple decorating the restaurant.  I should have taken one of those home.The final bill wasn't cheap, but this is definitely a great experience with some great food.   I wish I could go here more often.
5	This is a difficult one due to the stellar ratings that this place gets time and time again.  i will have to say that i walked in with very high expectations.We walked in to celebrate a reunion of sorts, from seeing a bunch of friends in Las Vegas after a long time of living in different areas of the country.  On top of that, 2 of the folks were recently promoted, and 2 more recently had kids...The food did not disappoint, and most of the recommendations were right on the money.  here is what i enjoyed:Crab cakes were as good as people saidThe spinach was as good as everyone says..."bacon in every bite"We also had asparagus, lobster mac which were good, but not earth shattering.For dinner, i had split with another big eater the Wagyu Rib Eye (medium rare of course, not some other overcooked way to eat very high quality beef) - and it was excellent.As far as the rating, i would say that it met my expectations, making it at best 4 stars, but since i knowingly went in with very high expectations due to the postings i pre-reviewed, my expectations exceeded most other places that i ever go to.if i have to go to a nice dinner in LV, i will come here again.  The price mirrors most places that one would call "a nice restaurant".  you wont leave here on the cheap, but at the same time you wont leave feeling underwhelmed either.  you will get a great meal, with great wait staff that wont rush you out and will serve you and entertain.The waiters did make an effort above and beyond the call of duty.  One of our group was bragging about how he "doesnt drink beverages with  fruit or vegetables" as a real man.  Amongst the guys, we all cracked up when the waiter "couldnt help it" to bring his red bull vodka with a mint leaf.  yes the rest of us gave him extra tip just for that!
4	I am a fan of theCrab cakes and bread...they were out of this world and that's why I gave it 4 stars,  and also to our waiter... Can't remember his name as it has been a couple of weeks.Lobster Mac n cheese was also very tasty probably because  we don't eat Mac n cheese very often.Steak and salmon were okay...3 stars because they were overpriced and again okay.The ice tea passed my hubby's taste.I would just go back for the bread, crab cake and also the pineapple fusion vodka drink!
5	My favorite steakhouse hands down.The steaks are the most flavorful out of all the steak houses I've been to and the service is up to par.  The staff is unassuming and take great care of you.This is a great place to go out with a big group.  I've always had a great time at Del Frisco's.
5	I had a bone in ribeye with spinach. Very delicious. Then came the lemon cane. Soooo good. It was so delightful I brought it to thanksgiving instead of pie.
5	Why would anyone give Del Frisco's anything less than 5 stars?    Nothing less than the best is what you will find here.  My husband and I have been well versed on steak houses in Las Vegas; you will not regret taking your business to Del Frisco's.  Service:  over-the-top.  Food: exquisite.  Atmosphere: highly memorable.
5	Crazy good! Got a 16 oz NY Strip rare , and side of au gratin potatoes, off the charts, thought it was cooked perfectly.  Really impressed with both the food and service, everyone working was awesome to us. Got drinks and bottles of wine for the table and still thought the price was very reasonable as far as steakhouses go. Short ride from the Hard Rock Hotel so if your staying in that area this a great choice.
5	This place is AMAZING, the best steak house we've been to so far.  My husband and I came here for dinner on our anniversary and I have to to say that I was truly impressed with the food, customer service, and ambiance.  They even had a pianist that made the environment romantic. Our waitress was very attentive, she knew what we needed even before we asked her.  My husband had the 26oz new york steak bone in, and it was cooked to perfection, the crab cakes are delicious, and the lemon cake is out of this world. We don't live in Vegas, but when we go back, this restaurant is on the list....Wish they had one in Los Angeles..
4	So, I was here for a conference and we had a pri-fixed menu. Upon entering, I was greeted by a very VERY VERY unpleasant rancid odor. I was on the verge of just turning around and going home if I wasn't interested in hearing the speaker at the conference.  I mean WOW!  I was almost knocked out!  I gave them the benefit of the doubt that the kitchen didn't smell like that!Once we sat down, the waiters brought over two loaves (yes, LOAVES) of sesame bread.  Let me tell you, I LOVED IT... I pretty much ate one entire loaf by myself.  It was very soft and pillow-y with a touch of chewy crust.  Definitely something you have to try if you don't care about counting carbs.For the appetizer, they brought out grilled shrimp with two types of sauces.  One was the traditional cocktail sauce and the other was a mayonnaise-based sauce (it probably had a little ketchup in it because it was pink....I know there's a name for it, but can not think of it at the moment).  A little oily for my taste (the shrimp), but it was pretty good nonetheless.  Not something that I would order if I came back, but not bad.  The salad was a miss for me.  The flavors were good, however there was a GIGANTIC glob of dressing in the middle of the plate!  They do not toss the salad for you and give waaaay too much dressing.  I should have asked for the dressing on the side like I always do, but I had forgotten to request it.  There were also two HUGE strips of bacon laid across the salad and who doesn't like bacon right?!  The bacon tasted amazing!  Too bad I was feeling guilty about eating the one whole loaf of bread earlier that I only took a small bite of the bacon....The entree that was served was the filet mignon.  It was pretty good.  I ordered it medium rare and it came out perfectly cooked and melted in my mouth.  However, the waiters asked if the guests could cut into their filet immediately to determine if the done-ness was correct.  I found that weird and would hope that it was only a rule to guests that were in the conference and NOT for the general dining area customers!So let me begin this paragraph by saying, the ONLY reason this place didn't get 2 stars (especially for that awful odor at the entrance and the waiters insisting of the guest cutting into the filet as they watched us) is because of the dessert that they served:  BANANA BREAD PUDDING!!!  Sounds unassuming doesn't it?  Bread pudding, what can be so amazing about that?  Well, it was one to the most HEAVENLY thing I have ever tasted in my freaking ENTIRE life!  The bread budding came out warm and drizzled with a caramel sauce that was not too outrageously sweet.  As I dug my spoon into it, I realized that there was a crust on the top.  When I took a bit into it, I fell in love.  The crust was chewy and caramelized and packed so much flavor.  Then it was followed by the softness of the rest of the bread pudding.  The banana flavor was strong, however not over-powering at all.  This dessert really worked for me.  I can't believe I would get this excited over bread pudding, but there you have it.  If you can get through the entrance without throwing up, you NEED to order the Banana Bread Pudding.
1	When the bill is $320 for 4 people (2 split an entree), the food better be good.  Del Frisco is all image and no chef.  It's a charade and the only reason this place is still open is millions of people visit Vegas everyday and if they can 20 covers that visit for the first time, they can continue to put out a bad product. The night started off well because everyone is friendly and they do have top notch service in the front.  In the back is where this place is suffering.  Whoever is the quality control person for the food going out needs to read this.  I would be okay if we only had one bad plate, but 7 out of the 10 plates we had were very bad and shouldn't have been served.  We're celebrating two birthdays and it's difficult to be that person to make a fuss and spoil the evening.  We just rolled with it and figured our only way to make things right is to Yelp about it and prevent others from making our mistake.When we were seated, a guy greets us and gives us the rundown of the menu specials.  He really pushed specific items on the menu which we didn't order.  Had we known in advance that our Ribeye was going to be 60% gristle, we would have understood this greeting speech to really mean everything on the menu sucks except the stuff I'm telling you about.  Plate #1: The bread is very good. It's a full loaf that's not sliced and the way to eat it is to pull it apart with your hands.  It's good, but we didn't want to fill up on bread.Plate #2: Crabcake was lump crab that had no binder, so you really can't call it a cake.  Lump crab with a sauce. It was good, but a crab cake is something you think is grilled and has a crispy edge to it.  So, for a crab cake, it's a zero. For lump crab, it's a 5.Plate #3: Shrimp cocktail.  It's about 15 jumbo shrimp with 3 different sauces.  All of the sauces could have been out of a jar and the shrimp was overcooked tough.  Another zero stars.Plate #4: Caeser Salad:  This was good.  The croutons were homemade buttery and crunchy good.  But.... it's a salad that isn't that hard to make.  Plate #5: Asparagus.  Somebody needs to tell the chef they need to break off the woody part of the stalk.  The tops were cooked prefectly, but you end up leaving the woody part on the plate.  Plate #6: Au Gratin.  Diced potato with some cheese.  It was meh.  Plate #7: Osso Buco.  The pasta was cooked perfect, but the star of the show was dry.  It had a nice tomato based spicey sauce, but the meat just wasn't moist.  It was falling off the bone tender, but leaves a dry taste in the mouth.  The marrow was the only really good part of the shank.Plate #8: Tuna.  This was the WTF item on the table.  It had zero presentation. It's was just a thin slice of Ahi Tuna that was breaded with sesame seeds and flashed grilled.  The tuna was bland and didn't have that sushi quality flavor and texture.  If I had to guess, I would say this fish was frozen at some point instead of being fresh.  Just a dissapointment.Plate #9: Ribeye.  As mentioned, 60% of this steak was tough and gristly.  My mom and sister split this item and the staff cut it in half for us.  Sister ended up with 50% of the gristle meaning she had no real steak to eat. Mom ended up with the eye which was tender.Plate #10: Banana Bread Pudding:  This was good.  Crispy exterior with a nice scoop of vanilla on top.
5	This place is all about service, service, service...From the moment your valet greets you to when the valet closes the door for you after you get in your car, it's top notch service.Five of us were in Vegas to celebrate hubby's 40th birthday and he chose this place based on Yelp reviews.  He did good!!  I made reservations and noted that it was his birthday, half-hoping they'd do something to acknowledge it.Imagine our surprise when the hostesses greeted him with a chorus of "Happy Birthday" as we walked in.  Upon being seated, our server walked over and placed a card that had already been waiting on the table in front of hubby.  It was a birthday card signed by the staff!  Our server shook hubby's hand and also wished him a birthday.  Not to belabor the point but a couple more people stopped by to wish him a happy birthday.Now the food.  Probably the best steaks I've ever had.  Seasoned perfectly throughout and cooked perfectly as well.  Although I went with the smaller ribeye cut, I ended up eating only half of my steak....because I became distracted by the sides and the appetizers!!To start, we had fried oysters (excellent, large and fresh - not overcooked), tuna tartare (old school preparation and very good) and a dozen oysters from each coast (fresh, briny and sweet though that's probably just because they were good oysters).Sides were the lobster mac and cheese (perfect level of richness where you don't feel all icky after eating some), asparagus (okay, just steamed and topped with almonds) and creamed spinach (amazing!).  Gf ordered a plated dish (with sides) and her chateau potatoes were spicy and delicious (I'm going to get a side of it next time).Hubby ordered a baked potato for himself to go with his porterhouse and while he felt guilty eating it, he loved that they put melted butter into the open potato and then scooped more whipped butter on top, alongside the sour cream.We'd brought a cake and they were very gracious in serving it up for us.  We gave them the remaining half in gratitude for their service.There were no foams, gelee's, dry ice, constant utensil changes or pyrotechnics in our meal...none was needed when they shocked and awed us with their wonderful service and impeccable steaks.
5	Order the long-bone Waygu cut medium plus.
5	Thrilled with Del Friscos happy hour!  3 of us had 3 bar entrees, and 8 cocktails for $59.  The signature Del Friscos martini with pineapple infused vodka goes down smooth and tasty and will only set you back $6.  You can also choose form wine, beer and well drinks for $4-6. All of the bar entrees are $6 too.  We had scallops, a burger and pork nachos.  The star of this show is the burger.  I would easily pay $20 for this burger.  It is a huge, prime, juicy, well seasoned and perfectly cooked patty topped with your choice of blue or cheddar cheese and the classic accouterments of lettuce, red onion, tomato, and a surprise of sweet pickles.  It is a really really really good burger.   It also comes with fresh cut fry/chips.  Holy moly! The scallops were generous as well.  4 big scallops with a creamy spinach sauce.  The service was really nice and we got not one, but two loaves of fresh baked bread with butter.  I would do this happy hour again in a heartbeat and recommend it to all of my friends on my way!!
3	The food was delicious,  but the waiter we had was absolutely rude. I don't know if he was having a bad day or if he's always like that. He just walks past our day and when we do manage to get his attention, he seems utterly annoyed. We only asked for 2 things throughout the dinner! Come on! I don't know if I would want to come back to this location. There's other steakhouses I can go to and be treated nicely.
5	I have to say that this was one amazing dining experience.  It started with a lovely set of 6 oysters on the half-shell and shrimp cocktail (very large tiger prawns), then the 16oz ribeye cooked medium and to perfection.  Side order was the potatoes au-gratin, one word cheesy-licious!  Then desert was the most moist and delicious lemon cake I have ever eaten!Don't be afraid of the prices, if you can afford it, then Del Friscos Las Vegas will certainly NOT disappoint!I am not financially able to eat there more often than on special occasions, but I will make it a tradition whenever I visit Las Vegas.
5	By far one of the best steakhouses I have ever been to hands down. I took advantage of their participation in restaurant week to try them out and was not disappointed by anything. The food, service and ambiance were all five stars. Most of the time, I feel high end steakhouses are over hyped and I leave disappointed. However, Del Frisco's went above and beyond of not only meeting my expectations, but exceeding them. My personal recommendations are the filet mignon which one could cut with a fork, the crab cake which is by far the best crab cake I have ever had ever and the baked potato is nothing short of awesome as well. Definitely looking forward to my next excuse to go back.
4	**3.75 Stars**Very popular and old school steakhouse located off the strip.   Despite their location, clearly one of the most popular steakhouses in Vegas and for good reason: their top notch Prime steaks and excellent, albeit very pricey, seafood. The vibe is very retro with lots of hardwood, live piano music, and great wine and martinis.  The James Bond table (ask your waiter for a demo) is a perfect match for this place.  Our order:Seafood plateau - a sampling of their most popular items and priced at an incredible $55/person.  Admittedly though, the Alaskan crab legs (5) were fantastic.  Fresh and sweet.  The Florida stone crab claw was impressively sized but the meat was not as good as the crab legs.  The oysters and shrimp were very good. Crab cake with lobster sauce - the appetizer only includes one crab cake and is overpriced.  It is almost entirely crab meat though and tasty.  Bone-in Prime Ribeye - cooked perfectly medium rare and seasoned nicely while letting the meat flavor shine.  They do steak right and we shared the 22 ounces. Lobster Mac and Cheese - the much hyped side dish was delicious and creamy BUT had very little lobster meat.  Just a few small tidbits here and there.  Good, but if you want a Lobster Mac and Cheese, go to Alexander's Steakhouse in Cupertino and they will show you real lobster chunks.  Service was friendly and on point though it's busy here and the waitstaff are clearly running around.  They were kind enough to throw a dessert in (their lemon cake) for a special occasion.  Del Frisco's was a great steakhouse and definitely worth the trip off the strip.  The steaks were excellent and a few of the seafood items were truly exceptional.  Prices are high but Del Frisco's is the real deal.  It may not match my favorite steakhouse and restaurant of all time, Alexander's Steakhouse (Cupertino), but I wouldn't hesitate coming here again. Del Frisco's accepts credit cards including Amex.
5	Ease of access : Excellent, we were looking for a top notch SH that we could get into on a Sunday Night. We found a good reservation time for the two of us. We were asked if there were any special requests for seatings on the phone!  Big win right there.Presentation: The hostess was polite and gracious. We were seated quickly and in a great area. They had the football game on! Score!Menu: Perfect and we were surprised by their Sunday night couple special. Killer.Service. Outstanding.Period. No details needed. If you understand fine dining you understand what is expected regarding service, it does not need to be defined.Food. Steak like butter and tasty, crab cakes, best ever, salad was off the hook. The spinach supreme was so good my bro who doesn't like anything green even thought it was good.Beer: Dogfish 60 minute IPA...need I say morePrice: Well, when you decide to seek out the best steak houses in town you don't ask cost! But even that being said, on par with the best in their league.Overall: I'm sure Stripsteak and many others are great in Vegas, but being a SH fan, I could find NO reason why this SH didn't take number one. Let's see if NYCs location can hold up! J$
4	13 Guys and a bunch of meat what can get better than that right? This is the story of a bachelor party in Vegas on November 5th. The crew arrived at the restaurant with plenty of time to spare. We were seated 10 min. after checking in with the Hostess. It gave us plenty of time to order up some shots at the bar and listen to the Jazz pianist classy it up. We were seated @ a long table that accommodated all of us and the waiters gave us a detailed rundown about what is going on. Since the reservations was under my name the captain knew my name and addressed many of the options directly to me (nice touch for doing your homework). For Apps we ordered a few of the following dishes: Crab cake, Calamari, The crab cakes were good. I give it 4 stars for flavor because it came with a nice cream sauce. The crab meat was also large chunks and tasted very fresh. The value i give it 3 stars because it was only 1 average sized cake as opposed to the standard 2 cakes for $16. The calamari was very good. I give it a 5 star for flavor. I really enjoyed the sweet and tangy sauce that came with it. The dish was really fresh and it was cooked very well. For Entrees many of us ordered the 30oz bone in Wagyu to share between two people. The steak was a good split and it was an especially good value to be able to share wagyu. The flavor was spot on, it had a nice beefy flavor and the meat was tender and cooked very well. For Sides we ordered: creamed corn, crab mac and cheese, garlic mash potatoes, and asparagus.The notables are the crab mac and cheese the flavor was extremely tastey however it was a tad watery for my taste. The corn was delicious as well, it had bacon bits and some type of pepper which gave it a nice smokey flavor. The garlic mash was standard fair. The asparagus was only passable, it was blanched and topped with almonds,no creativity there. The wine recommendation was very good however some in the group thought it was a bit too sweet to go with the steaks. I thought the blend was easy to drink, probably a little too much on the lighter side. However I enjoyed it nonetheless.Overall a great trip. This is much better than many of the steakhouses on the strip. For a slight 4 min trip off the strip you will not be disappointed!
5	Hands down the best steak place I've been to - and I've been to most of the big names in town. My filet mignon was perfect. Service was beyond reproach. Have been there several times for dinner presentations - and the food always tastes a little better when someone else is paying.
5	This is my new favorite steakhouse!  The service was fantastic from beginning to end, and the food was ... I'm speechless.  We had a group of 8, and we were seated in a semi-private room with three other similarly sized tables.  I loved how the dining room(s) were all very well lit, not like other steakhouses that are dark (barely can see in some!).  It made for a more fun, vibrant night with friends.  I'm a rib-eye fan and  I must say this is one of the better rib eyes I've had.  The plate was, of course, decorated with butter and was cooked perfectly to my taste (medium rare).Here is what was ordered:Appetizers:Calamari - very tasty, perfectly seasoned - try it, new twist on an old favoriteShrimp Cocktail: 5 large jumbo shrimp with cocktail sauceCrab Cake: very dense, pretty much all crab meat with some tasty sauceSteaks:my friend and I each ordered the 10 oz ribeye with potatoes (lagniappe) (still a large portion - I could have split the steak)my husband ordered the 16 oz ribeyeher husband ordered the bone inSides:Lobster Mac & Cheese - yummy! Some of my friends didn't this dish as much as the Mastro's Mac & Cheese, but I thought it was very tastySpinach Supreme - YOU MUST ORDER THIS. Enough said. Bacon.String Beans - crisp, we felt we needed a veggie side. Not bad, not good, it's a veggie, after allDessert:Lemon cake - YOU MUST ORDER THIS.  The slice is very generous, enough for each person in the group to take a few bitesSorbet - three different flavors: mango, pineapple and raspberry - all very goodWine:We ordered a bottle of red (I'm not very wine savvy so I'm not sure which one it was...07 something, was about $100.  I liked it a lot) 2 friends split the 10oz ribeye + potatoes, another 2 split the filet.  I think the smaller portions were perfect. Everyone left satisfied but not disgustingly stuffed.I think it was very reasonably priced, the entire bill for 8 people was about $550 (gratuity not included) - when does that ever happen??The only downside, which I won't count against the restaurant, is that it is located off-strip.  But, if I think about it, the off-strip location may actually be a good thing.  All in all a wonderful dining experience.  They asked for us to leave contact information so they can send us handwritten thank you notes!!Too bad there isn't one in LA :(
5	Absolutely awesome. Was in Vegas recently for a little weekend getaway and made reservations here from all the excellent reviews and all I can say is everyone is right. The food was excellent the service was great and the ambiance was exactly what you expect in a steak house in this price range.
5	This is a great steakhouse.  Good sedate type atmosphere,  service is excellent and food very well prepared and tasty.  The seafood appetizer tray  $85 is unbelievable.  The crab legs and lobster on it are huge.  I had fillet one night, done perfect medium rare,  crab legs the second night.   Precut big and meaty.  Very good. Butter dip needed salt though.   Deserts, the chocolate souffle is supper good.  We shared all the desert.  I would say second best is the banana bread pudding type.  Biff our waiter was super.
5	Wow. Great service. Prompt courteous. Hovering but not obnoxious. Steak was melt in your mouth. Not overseasoned. Salad amd veggies fresh. Cosmos were perfect. Hostess was very educated and mannerly. Value was a 11/10!  Two people three courses $110 including tip.
5	My husband wanted to go the best Steakhouse in Las Vegas--so I knew right where to go! It doesn't get any better than Del Frisco's...Classy, old school, dark wood decor, paino music-- atmosphere is very romantic and sophistacted! The service here is unmatched...your waiter/waitress calls you by name and it is a very personable dining experience. Don't come to dinner with a rush to get out-- stay, relax, and enjoy the meal, the service, and the atmosphere!The crab cakes are to die for. The Bone-In filet or ribeye will literally melt in your mouth, I can still taste the freshness of the veggies to this day!  Oh and the lobster mac n' cheese... Yum! No matter what you order you will not be disappointed. If you have a complaint about this restaurant in any way shape or form... you're just one of those people who can't be pleased! After dining with Del Friscos--your waiter/waitress will mail you a Thank you card for dining with them. Again, an over the top (personable) experince!
4	Popular steakhouse located off the strip.  This place has an old school atmosphere to it -- classy with dark wood decors and dimmed lights.  I would definitely recommend making dinner reservations as they were completely booked for the night we were there.  Even though we made reservations ahead of time, we still had to wait 30 minutes before we were seated. However we were entertained with live piano music during our wait which was enjoyable.  Of course we did our research on yelp and ordered the crab cakes and calamari.  The crab cakes were delish! Ruth Chris use to be my fave for crab cakes, but not anymore! The cakes were packed with an ample amount of crabs that tasted sweet and delicate to the tongue. I found the calamari to be mediocre; nothing spectacular about it. I probably wouldn't order it again next time. I ordered the fillet mignon and my fiance ordered the rib eye.  The fillet mignon was great, but WOW, their rib eye is scrumptious!! Aged to perfection providing the perfect taste when grilled to medium rare. We also enjoyed their sauteed mushrooms; I think it pairs well with steak. I would highly recommend this place for anyone seeking a fulfilling steak dinner.  You can't go wrong with this place!
5	Heaven on a plate.... need i say more!, the bartender was from back east and continually threw out jokes to keep the conversation going. nice guy, our waiter was extremely knowlegable about the menu and led us in the right direction. cutting my filet with a fork was just over the top. This place is amazing.
5	This is an awesome steakhouse: had the mac 'n cheese side dish and filet mignon. All of it was fantastic--a carnivore's and mac lover's dream come true. Also, they make a delicious dirty martini (it takes a special spot to deliver such a thing), and if you're celebrating a birthday, they offer a complimentary slice of their popular lemon (I believe) cake, along with a b-day card signed by the staff. Nice touch and great service! Can't wait to visit soon~
4	Great steaks as you would imagine with nice sides and great wine list.  Service is beyond amazing.  The only way to improve would be lower prices, it is very expensive!  Figure about $120 per person with a glass of wine!Wayne Gorsek
5	This place is a classic.  Wife and I meet up with some friends from out of town and wanted to do it up right and this was the place.We requested to sit outside so we could smoke cigars. Although they got rid of the smoking lounge they have large commercial heaters and thick drapes to block the wind. I split the bone-in rib eye which was great! The lobster mac and cheese was great, DON'T split his with anybody! Hog it for yourself, you won't be disappointed. Nice wine selection without breaking the bank.  The patio are also includes an area with some couches by a fireplace which allows for a less formal atmosphere if you just wanted to drop in for a drink, app, and cigar.
4	Super awesome service. Excellent crab cake. Actually, very likely the best crab cake around. Oh, and did I mention the service?
4	The best crab cakes I ever had, EVER!!5 stars for service.  The wait staff was impeccable.  They were very attentive and actually served our sides to us!I ordered the filet mignon and thought it was okay.  I loved their side dishes (creamed corn, lobster mac n cheese) and crab cakes more.
5	For several years we've been wanting to try Del Frisco's but have been too lazy to drive towards its central Vegas location.  The laziness finally wore off and we had finally made last minute 9:00pm reservations through Yelp's iphone Opentable application.The restaurant is spacious, inviting, and beautiful inside.  The ambiance and music to match the above.  Really, what do you expect from one of the top steak houses in Vegas, let alone in the entire country!?Enough hoopla, onto the food and drinks!  Food-wise, I'd probably give Del Frisco's four stars because of the appetizers and sides; but, if I were rating the steaks ONLY, this is a solid five star restaurant!  Bread and butter were abundant throughout our entire dining excursion--always a plus.  To start I get a caesar salad.  It was fresh and looked great but I've had better; probably will never order again.  Todd started with oysters on the half shell.  They looked good as well but, he said he wouldn't order them here anymore.  With our appetizers our server suggested a crisp glass of sauvignon blanc, very well paired.  Now, what you've been waiting for the entree...  We order two 12 ounce filet mignons cooked medium.  Accompanying our steaks we try the red wine and pepper glaze (on the side); don't bother ordering that (too peppery).  The steaks were AMAZINGLY PERFECT!  Seasoning, juiciness, tenderness=mouth watering!  I cannot say enough good things about our steaks!!!  Again our server suggested a merlot for my husband, while I opted for a pinot noir.  Our sides were, sauteed asparagus (very good), sauteed mushrooms in cabernet (mediocre), and maque choux corn (tasty).  The corn had bits of peppers, spices, and pieces of either ham or Nueske's bacon in it.  So it was sweet, zesty, and smokey all at the same time; I thought it was good, my husband LOVED it.  Being that both my husband and I are gluttons, we didn't leave room for dessert.  Go figure...  We even brought home a doggy bag.  Next time I want to try their desserts.Service was very good without them hovering over us or being snobby, especially for being so late.  I can't wait to go back!!!
5	Service 5 StarsDecor 5 StarsFood 10 Stars!Crab cake and steak? That equaled to a perfect night...with everything cooked exactly they way I like it.The prime steak literally melted in my mouth.Drooling now.
5	I have been here on two occasions, the first was with a group of friends and the second was with my girlfriend (now wife). Let me tell you, Del Frisco's did not disappoint at all. The food was excellent, from the appetizers to the entrees. The staff was polite, were not pushy and made great recommendations. Sure, the bill was high, but as they say "you get what you pay for". I will be going back again, count on it.
4	My first review on Yelp...Okay first thing, HANDS DOWN the BEST steak Ive ever had in my life..Im from Texas so this says a lot.  Service was excellent and upscale..but not TOO upscale..a nice blazer and jeans kinda upscale.  When I went it was for a Xmas party so we had great atmosphere with 40+ people in a private room. As I walked by some other rooms they seemed kinda quiet and boring...but that's why you bring GOOD company...Lots of a business types (age demo in 40's), and cougars by the bar with a nice live piano man touch...Im a grad student so can't go there too often...a  bit $$$$ BUT..love, love, love the food. Seafood apps were the best as well!  Nice place for a date IF your date really appreciates steak!
5	After having a great meal at the NY location, I had to to check out the LV location as well.  I stopped by today with my babe for a holiday feast.  When we arrived , we were seated at a table by the bar.  The furnishings are typical for a grand steakhouse.....dark woods with white tablecloths.  Tonight Del Frisco entertained their guests with a pianist who played and sang soft rock music throughout the meal.......awesome!We started the meal with their fried calamari and their wonderful, oven-baked warm bread.   The calamari was prepared "Shanghai" style with a sweet, red pepper, tangy sauce....totally awesome flavor.For dinner, we had the bone-in rib eye steaks and sides of creamed spinach with bacon, lobster macaroni and cheese and skillet potatoes and onions.The steak was perfectly prepared and cooked.......full of flavor and just the right amount of marbling.The sides were outstanding......the spinach and lobster mac and cheese were excellent.  The skillet potatoes were thick chips.......and the onions were cut equally as thick.......they went perfectly with the steak flavor.For dessert, we had the 7 layered lemon cake.....one of the best deserts I have ever had!  It was sweet...tangy and so fucking--good!Overall....one of my best steak meals ever!
5	What the hell is wrong with me?  I have worked on Howard Hughes Parkway for almost five years and I've never stopped in here?  Shame on me!They open the bar at 4:30pm for Happy Hour and boy is it a Happy Hour!  The restaurant opens at 5:00pm for dinner.Our bartender, Ron, was fabulous!  He hooked us up with some drinks:*"The VIP" Del Frisco's Signature Drink ($6 Happy Hour)Best martini ever!  Clementine vodka and a whole lotta deliciousness!*Blackberry Ginger Cocktail ($6 Happy Hour)We had a couple of apps:*Fried Calamari (wasn't on the Happy Hour menu, cause its a secret!)-They are done Shanghai Style- Not too heavy on the batter and the sauce was divine!*Scallops "Rockefeller"-Two HUGE scallops with a spinach remoulade sauce.  OMG!  So yum!Then we headed over to our table and had a fabulous waiter and I wish I had remembered his name!  He has a very large voice that would be great for acting or something.  He was great and was able to answer all of our questions. We ordered:*Filet Mignon 8oz.-My husband and I actually split the steak as we were kinda full from the drinks and apps!  They had NO PROBLEM splitting our steak at all!  How nice!  They also brought out a second hot plate as they split the steak for us.*Beef Medallions w/ Chateau Potatoes & Red Wine Demi Glace-SO tender and so good!*Potatoes Au Gratin-Just as you know them and yummy!I would head here again as soon as I have the chance!  I think I'll be hitting up their happy hour more than I should, but its so damn good!  Great service, great people and a great atmosphere!
5	It may be true that they have the best crab cakes in the world. Or, at least among the very best. My wife and I have eaten crab cakes everywhere from italy to honolulu we know crab cakes! They have some excellent budget wines nestled among some heart stoppingly expensive wines. We also had chopped salad and duo of fillets. Cooked to perfection. Excellent service. Starving musician on the piano also very nice.
5	Visited on 12/30/11 to celebrate my in-laws 50th anniversary.  Originially had reservations at Ruth Chris but they closed down without notice.  Had heard of Del Frisco's but never ate there.  They did not disappoint.  We had 7 ppl in our party.  It was as though each of us had our own personal server.  The entire staff works each table, not just the waiter/waitress.  Every dish was delicious.  Had the crabcakes for appetizer.  I do not like seafood at all but had to try.  It was delish...very flaky and light.  The steaks melt in your mouth and can just about be cut with a butter knife.  Meal was pricey but worth every penny. They back it up with excetional service and food.  Not once did we have to ask the waiter for anything...he anticipated our every need.  Will def visit again next time in Vegas. Thanks to the staff for making it a wonderful evening.
5	Wow....lobster mac and cheese is fenomenal...potatoes au gratin is delish, and I absolutely loved the osso bucco. Torally tender and falling off bone. Came with pasta and was just too much food. My hubby had steak medium and was just perfect. But too much food. Next time I would only do one side dish. Had dessert chocolate lava cake and you cannot leave with out trying.
5	Oh my mac! Talk about tasty.After spending a fortnight deciding where to eat before my girlfriend went to cancer treatment in Soma, California I randomly chose Del Frisco's (After having spent 11 years driving past it). It definitely was in my top 5 decisions of all time.The atmosphere and hospitality immediately spilled outside the restaurant, the valet Slava was rad. He made sure my Mazda was well taken care of after assuring me it would be. I love when people do what they say. The second we walked into the lobby we were greeted by the hostesses, Anji who would later seat us, was amazing she told us how great everything was and that this place was the best. She even showed us the James Bond table and told us all the actors too. What a beauty!Upon being sat we were given an order of bread by some behemoth of a man. I think his name was Jorgen or Xander, I don't remember I had knocked a few VIPs out by this point.Then my steak came. I ate that thing so quick. So fucking good.
5	Went here awhile back when I was in Vegas for a bachelor party.  My buddy picked this place out cause it got so many great reviews.  So we went here on a saturday night before we went out on the strip and this place was packed.  Literally packed.  Even with our reservation, I think we waited a little but I didn't mind that.  It's saturday night and the place was booked.  We finally got seated at our table and after they took our order, they brought us some garlic bread.  I could not stop eating the bread...it was damn good.  It's like they sprinkled crack on it.  I ordered the Porterhouse and the thing was the size of a calf.  Seriously, it might have been the biggest steak I've ever consumed.   24 oz of madness but in a good way.   The steak was very juicy and tender.  They could not have done a better job with this gorgeous piece of meat.  If you're in Vegas, I recommend you check this place out.  Definitely worth it.
1	Brought some VERY special wine for a very special occasion. The server tells me "we do not offer corkage." What? An upscale steak house that doesn't offer corkage? Only the second time in my life I've been refused corkage.  Sure it's my fault for not checking in advance, but in this era of upscale, wine-centric restaurants, refusing corkage is almost unheard of. Will never return to Del Frisco's unless they change their policy.
5	Exceptional food and exceptional service.  For me this is a hidden gem of a world class steakhouse that I just discovered in my own backyard. When I enter a restaurant the first thing I notice is the vibe/energy of the place and Del Frisco's just felt right - high energy but elegant, comfortable but very fine in all details.  Our server Rick didn't miss a beat and my glass was never empty.  Even though the place was very busy he still found the time to talk to us and pay personal attention to each one of us.  We ordered our steaks rare and could in the middle.  The Steak server, who was different from our main server waited until we approved the way the steak was cooked.  Going to a restaurant is not only about the food but about the experience and our experience at Del Frisco's was wonderful.
5	Need to go when in Vegas!  Outstanding steaks and side dishes!  another level above other top steak joints.  Service was great also.  Had the bone-in ribeye Waygu steak and every bite was an absolute treat.  Crab cakes were out of this world!  So much crab!  Cream corn and asparagus were just as great as everything else.  Nothing was bad at all!  And did I say the steak just divine??
3	4.5* Really?  Yea, the James Bond table is cool but after the second time the laser beams shined straight into my eyes, I had enough of it.We were in a hurry to eat and get back to the hotel for a planned eventful evening that ended up turning into an uneventful evening due to my ability to sleep at anytime anywhere. But I digress. I got the Bone-In Ribeye, which was delicious. It had a good amount of fat to balance out the medium-rare lean meat.He had the signature "Double Eagle" steak and boy was that bad. It was like my ribeye but with all of the life sucked out of it, then repackaged for more money.  It was too thick, hard to cut, and too lean.  The two of us ended up finishing the ribeye and we took the majority of the very pricey Double Eagle steak back.  I guess we were planning a late-night snack but when we saw the box in the morning, we contemplated giving our $65 steak to a bum.
5	Del Friscos is my pinnacle of sublime cow. Several years ago my husband and I discovered Charleys Steakhouse in Orlando, and we picked up a list of the Top Ten steakhouses. We've tried several of them, but we always come back to Del Friscos. This is our third visit to the Las Vegas location, and once again we were impressed with the service and the food.Service at Del Friscos is always amazing. We received our salad and entrees perfectly prepared and with panache. Who knew that spooning potatoes onto my plate could actually be an art form? My husband and I shared the Porterhouse, medium rare. It was deftly sliced into shareable pieces and placed on perfectly buttered and heated plates. The sides, potatoes and asparagus, were portioned on to our plates alongside the juicy steak. Everything was cooked perfectly, and the utmost attention was given to all diners in the restaurant. I'm ridiculously happy that a Del Friscos has finally opened in Boston. This could get dangerous.....
5	Living up to their reputation, this is a mist for steak! The bone-in filet is the cats meow!!! Lobster mac cheese, o yes!Bring your gold card. The 007 table is a neat deal...
5	What can i even say about this place? Well it is the best damn steak house in all of Vegas (IMO). And i've been to all of the good ones i think. SW, Botero, Switch, Cut, Del Monicos, Prime Steak house, craft steak, the mansion, and even paiza club, and others. But this is until i find another one this steak house is the best. What we had:3x Bone-in Filet Mignon1x Gumbo1x Seafood Soup1x Seafood Cocktail1x Asparagus1x Lobster Mac & CheeseThe steak was flavorful almost too flavorful and seasoned, juicy and succulent. My mouth is watering writing about this. They do it just right while they cook the meat, it's hot through out but red and not over cooked. Do you know how hard it is to cook a nice rare piece of beef? Mac and cheese hmmm cheesy with lobster and small shells. Asparagus - steamedShrimp Cocktail - big fresh pieces of shrimp. and the soup was just ok.We ordered a bottle of wine called Mica by Buccela one of the up and coming wineries that most have yet to hear about it. Great Cab blend. All in all my dining experience was a 5.5 out of 5. I mean it was phenomenal. I will be back for more next time i'm in Vegas. Always a stop for me...
5	Best steak I've ever had.  Went here based on the Yelp reviews.  Loved that it wasn't on the packed strip.  Easy to find, plenty of parking.My bf ordered the Bone-in Rib Eye and I had the Filet Mignon.  The meat was top quality and the rub that was on the rib eye was amazing.  Our steaks were cooked a perfect medium rare.  My Filet was extremely tender and delicious.  Their sides are served family style so it's enough for a couple people to share.  We got broccoli that was cooked perfectly for a side.  I also had a baked potato which was a decent size.  For dessert we had a cheesecake that was extremely creamy.  It was slightly creamier than we would've liked, but still good.Our server, if I remember correctly was named Lisa and she was amazing.  So friendly and gave great recommendations.  Everyone who waited on us was extremely friendly and professional.We are definitely going back when we are in town next!  Also, our receipt came with a survey so we get $25 off our next visit!  Great deal!
4	First let me just say, if you are dining on the cheap, this is NOT the place for you.  Average steak is $40+ and the bone in Rib Eye was $65.  So we were not dining on the cheap but still, if it says Market Price and you don't ask, then just like us fools, it's your bad...did not realize the Seafood Plateau was going to be $165.00; granted the crab legs were large, and it had a couple of snow claws, but the rest was just regular cold shrimp (like 4) and oysters on the half, maybe another 4. It was enough to share, and I guess you pay a premium for fresh fish when you are in the middle of the dessert...or well, anyway just ask.The thing to come to Del Frisco's for is the meat.  They have great meat and they season and cook it well.  As well or as rare as you want it, that's how you are going to get it.  The sides are served family style and there is plenty to share, once you agree on what to share (I love creamed spinach, but I was the only one at the table to love creamed spinach, so I got some anyway!).  The ambience is dark steakhouse, and the servers are professionally friendly.  They have an excellent wine list and their som is more then happy to help you find something to fit your meal and your pocket book.LindySez:  All in all a great meal...just remember to ask the prices so you don't get sticker shock at checkout!
5	A few weeks ago, I was in town for a business event. I wanted a really good steak, and boy did I get it! The bone-in filet was hands down the best steak I've ever had...and I've had a lot of steaks! The sides, crab cakes, and salad we had were also amazing. The drink? Killer. I can't remember the name of it, but their signature drink is a vodka soaked with pineapple, and not only was it HUGE, I wanted another one! For the quality of the meat and the service, I think the prices were spot on. I was a bit disappointed that they advertise a dress code, and there were people in there with jeans on. I wish they would enforce that...
1	The service was great but the food was very overpriced for the quality. I had a bone-in ribeye medium. There was very little charring on the outside and it was more rare than I wanted. The meat is supposed to be prime grade but this steak had very little marbling, I've bought better at Costco. My wife had a 14oz. lobster tail which was dry and meally. Very disappointing meal. Save your money and try somewhere else
5	We had a corporate dinner party for 26 persons here.  We had the private room with open bar and ordering off the menu.  The staff was well organized and handled the big group flawlessly.  The food was hot and the presentation was excellent.  I recommend coming here for a great dinner but note this is a $$$$ restaurant.   You do get what you paid for and the food is better than Ruth Chris or Mortons.
5	Amazing, perfectly cooked filet.  Sides were pretty good.  Let me know if there is a steakhouse that pays as much attention to the sides as they do the meat.  We had a lunch event there and the service was wonderful at a grand venue!  I can't wait to sink my teeth into another hunk of meat prepared by these guys again.
2	I don't get the rave about this place. I don't understand how it has survived all these years. The prices aren't the highest I've paid for steak (my all time favorite spot is CUT in LA$$$$) but the prices are so high especially for Vegas where your dining dollar tends to have very high returns. I was a bit disappointed and discouraged really from the moment we were sat in some testosterone infused wood paneled room with four flat screen TVs playing ESPN. WTF I thought I was at a steak house that was going to cost me upwards of 150$ per person. But my surroundings were very much collegiate Dennys. I lost my appetite. The wine list was enormous and lacking a sommelier. It was hard to find a wine under $100 and most were over $200. Ridiculous. They wet age their meat. I'm a fan of dry aging. The negatives just go on... Skip it. There are plenty of steak specials in town for $15 if you're looking for meat stick to that and use the difference of $150 on some nickel slots instead.
5	Everything was perfect!
4	Crab cakes outshined the steaks, but not to take away from the steaks because they were very good. We came in with a large part of 13 or so and they sat us in our own sectioned off room which oddly had some TV's in the corners. The service was excellent, we had a few issues with overcooked fish and a tuna tare tare coming out instead of a steak one we requested. This is a fine steakhouse with great service which is well worth the short drive off the strip to come to. They did a great job with such a large group of rowdy guys.
5	What can I say about this place? That I absolutely love it! It is one of the BEST steaks I ever had! My friends introduce me to restaurant week and I came along for the ride when they decided to go to this steak house.  I remember we had reservations and it was about 20minutes till we got seated, but I didnt mind it because they we were at a bar and enjoying some drinks.  Once we got seated we were served right away and started ordering our food.  I ordered the filet mignon and mashed potatoes.  & my oh my it was just EXQUISITE. The taste of the mignon was extravagant and you can basically cut the steak with your fork, (dont need a steak knife).  It came with a crab cake on the side and it was my very first taste of what a carb cake was & it made me just love eating it over & over & over again. I had mashed potatoes, too it was pretty awesome but I felt like it could have been better! But the filet and the crab cake just blew me away.I will definitely be back again.
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said about this magical palace of meat? Spent Super Bowl Sunday here. Came in post-game without a reservation and was given a nice table. Service was cordial and speedy. Loved the old school steakhouse feel. They have a lovely wooden bar. The place felt very masculine, but in a nice, classy way. Our server took a lot of pride in describing specials and menu items for us. There were a lot of great options on the menu and we first considered ordering a' la carte, but we noticed what a good deal their dinner for two was. On Sundays, they offer a $100 per couple dinner. It includes a salad of your choice, filet mignon and crab cakes, one side dish each and dessert for each person.I was fully expecting the portions to be smaller because of the meal deal. However, we definitely got full-sized portions. The crab cakes were among the best I've ever had. There was barely any filler and huge chunks of crab throughout. Not really a crab cake, but more of a crab dollop. Loved it! The steak had so much flavor and was cooked perfectly to my medium rare specifications. The filet was the perfect level of pink and the outside seasoning was spot-on. I'm not even a big fan of filet mignon, but this one was like butter. Loved their side dishes too. The mashed potatoes were so decadent and the broccoli gave me the right amount of green, so I didn't feel like a total fatty. I can't remember dessert, except to say I enjoyed it at the time. I think I was in a meat-induced coma and the whole thing is a blur. While we dined we were entertained by a jazz pianist. Perfect atmosphere to compliment a pitch perfect meal. All of this, combined with easy parking, made it a night to remember. Del Frisco's will always be a part of my Vegas itinerary from now on.
5	Everytime I go to Vegas, I mean Everytime, I have to eat here. I love this place, from the Ambience to the food to the great staff.The Food is Heavenly.
1	This was our first visit to this steak house, it's similar to Morton's and Capital Grill, but The decor was very dated & 70's-remember The "York Steak House"? not much ambiance, our waiter was fine, but the chef could not cook a steak medium if his life depended on it. to begin with, I had a horrible cut of fillet all gristle, first they served it practically raw, then they ruined it and sent it back charred but still rare inside. Then the Chef came out in a huff, he had butterflied the meat which had shrunk to nothing it was overcooked and inedible, I didn't complain further as I was with a client, BUT, They did nothing to correct it or replace it. I would never go back or recommend this place simply on their guest service. There are many other great steak house options available in Vegas...
5	Superb service I have ever received. Top notch service anywhere. Live piano player and he had mad vocals. The main host and waitress was very attentive and does not bug you like others in other restaurants. She actually has assistants which I find it surprising that they do not make eye contact with your. I guess the logic is that all your concerns must be addressed to the main waitress. They ask if you need to go anywhere after dinner so they may prioritize your meal on the line. Don't expect fancy presentation, this is a steak house! But they serve your sides and do not leave the extra plates on the table. Bring your plate meat plate out and have you cut it in front of them so you may investigate the cut and wellness of the cooking. I had the rack of lamb and Loved it! As we were eating, a piece of crumb was on the table and a waiter assistant stopped, took out a tiny hand spatula and scooped it out and off he left. Didn't make eye contact with anyone of us. I was like, "Woah.... did you see that!" Hahahaha  We were here for 2 birthday boys (I was one) and at the end, our waitress brought out these 2 awesome cuts of lemon cake and chocolate fudge. They were HUGE!!!! Enough for the whole table to enjoy. When she brought it out she said happy bday, but we don't sing. LOL cool, I don't like waiters singing anyways. The best part was at the end of the service, they did not add gratuity on the bill and we are a party of 6. Thats RESPECT!!!!! Worth the $400 bill! Thats with the cakes comped too.BTW, I just wanted to add that when we left I wanted to use the bathroom. One of the waiter assistants said, right this way sir. As she was leading me to the bathroom, she bent the corner and another assistant came out that same corner and said, "This way sir" and carried on to lead me to the bathroom. WOW!!!! AWESOME!!! It was like a lateral pass. They didn't tell me where the bathroom was, they led me the way. No cocky waiters/waitresses, no mishaps, no fancy..... Just class and a great experience. I will be glad to come back here again when I visit vegas soon. Just bring a heavy pocket with a big appetite.
5	I heart steaks and I heart Del Frisco's. It's a manly steakhouse, no frills, a meat and potato kind of place. It's soooo delicious. Their crab cake is the best and please be sure to smother your filet with blue cheese. Yum.
5	awesome atmosphere, awesome service and awesome steak. this is the place to be.
5	This place is worth the cab ride from the strip. It's actually pretty close to the strip, I think about a $6 cab ride.I love steak and went here based on a recommendation from a friend. This place is amazing. First off, as soon as you are seated order a VIP martini. This is the best drink I've ever had. But as a disclaimer, it is pretty much pure vodka (which I'm not complaining about). It is so good and worth the $13 price tag. Food was great as well. I remember the steak being a little over seasoned, but I'm not a big fan of anything salty so I may have been a little sensitive. Waitress was great, she was very attentive, had some good wine recommendations, and was everything you would want in a server. We had a ton of leftover side dishes too, but we ordered three sides between the two of us, so I'd probably do one side per person next time. Overall, one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. I always try to make down here when I'm in Vegas...for the VIP martinis. They also have happy hour from like 3-6 Monday-Friday I believe, and the VIP martinis are half off.  The only thing I was sad about was not receiving a thank you card in the mail :(
5	Ahhhhh Vegas, Vegas, Vegas, where do I start? So Easter Sunday driving home from my Grandmothers house I had that itch that hits all of us who love Sin City. Vegas was calling an I was going to answer! I texted my cousin immediately and seeing as his love for gambling, girls and grub is as big as mine we short planned a trip for six days later! Getting to town we had an awesome first night that consisted of all the debauchery Vegas is known for, however the second night had arrived we wanted to drop some cash on a nice chill dinner and a few drinks. Steak was on the menu and I had heard amazing things about Del Frisco's so we decided on on there. I can tell you I'll never consider another place when in Vegas.From the moment the cab door opened we were greeted with a big smile from the doorman who asked if we had a special occasion to celebrate. We said no just dinner and he responded with an offer to help us with anything we needed or just a cab ride after dinner. Once inside were greeting again with huge smiles from three beautiful hostesses who stated our 8:30 reservation would be ready at, well 8:30. However seeing as we were early we were welcome to have a few drinks at the bar while we wait. No problem. The bartenders, although busy, were plenty attentive and very polite asking how we were and where we were from ect ect. Again huge smiles from everyone and let me repeat EVERYONE. I was shocked at how the employees could keep smiling the whole time. Definitely missing from most businesses these days.After a few minutes were were led to our table where we were waited on by Heather. If you go there and shes working, ask to sit in her section. Seriously she was amazing! No disrespect to anyone else because Ive yet to experience their customer service but Heather was nice, informative, attentive, genuine and was always checking on us without annoying us. She filled us in on the specials and recommended the 16oz bone in filet which my cousin and I both decided on. Sides were lobster mac and cheese and the chateau potatoes. BOOMSAUCE. Everything was on point. The steaks were juicy and flavorful and still piping hot when the arrived at our table. Cooked to perfection and just how we asked. The lobster mac and cheese was creamy, cheesy and mouth watering and now I'm mad I cant eat this all the time!! Chateau potatoes were very good with a hint of cayenne pepper for spice. Right up my alley. Now Im no steak connoisseur but Ive had my fair share of meals at fancy shmancy restaurants and I always order steak. This was the best Ive ever had. Done and done. Dont even get me started on the VIP martini which I kindly asked Heather to "keep em coming". They must put crack in the drink or something because I couldnt stop drinking them. The best martini Ive ever had. Full and fat I still felt the need to submit to my sweet tooth and heard the seven layer lemon cake was good! Oh sooooooooo great! The cake was moist and sweet, lemon was tangy and amazing. I couldnt finish it but I reeeeeeally wanted to. After dinner I needed change so I went back to the bar where the same bartenders who were working earlier asked how the meal was and how long we were in town. Again, this is something that stood out to me. The attention and service at Del Friscos is second to none. Ive never received service like this and its THE MAIN reason Ill be coming back on every Vegas trip I make. A new tradition has been born. Thank you staff and especially Heather for making us feel welcome and filling our stomachs with top notch food and drink!
5	This place is the bees knees!  Went here for a bachelor party and had a great time.Our server Chris, took good care of us during the dinner and was very attentive to our requests.The lobster mac & cheese was awesome... wasn't overly cheesy like kraft mac and cheese and the lobster was abundant and not overcooked.I ordered the Double Eagle, a 22oz  steak.  It was cooked exactly what a Medium should be.  There was just enough fat to make it tasty and not overly fatty.  It was a good cut and full of flavor.My knife was cutting it w/o any effort as it was like butter.The wine we had ordered was the perfect pair with the steak.I have been to a lot of steakhouses (flemmings, morton's, maestro's) but I'd have to say this place was one (if not) the best steakhouse I have ever been to.It was a great way to celebrate my buddy's end of bachelorhood!
5	Best steakhouse in Vegas!My boyfriend & I went to Del Frisco's recently for a celebratory dinner. Our server, Biff, was awesome! He was VERY knowledgeable of all the items on the menu. He even went out of his way to find the best wine for my taste. He recommended a pineapple martini that they make there by soaking pineapple for some time in Vodka- it was GREAT. I ordered a filet "Oscar style" with some sides and a crabcake. Everything was great, especially the crabcake! There is only one place in my hometown that ive tasted a crabcake even close to that good. Its  MUST TRY. Even the bread they serve at the start of the meal was wonderful. Overall, that was my best dining experience in the 4 years I've lived in Vegas. The service was top notch. Our server was very attentive, always making sure our food was out on time and that we had everything we needed. Here's a breakdown of what we ordered:*VIP signature drink- this is a pineapple martini. The pineapple is soaked in vodka for a while before its made into a martini. Wow is all I can say!*Bread loaf- this sounds silly but their bread loaf is freshly made and delicious! It's served with a whipped butter. We even took ours to go lol.*Del's salad- your basic dinner salad w/ two slices of bacon on top. Nice start. *8oz Filet Mignon "Oscar style" - perfectly cooked, tender, juicy, amazing!*Crab cake w/ Cajun lobster sauce - possibly the best crabcake I've ever had. The sauce was a nice pair to it. *Garlic broccoli (special that night)- Brocolli florets w/ fresh garlic. Simply yummy. *Spinach supreme- creamed spinach w/ bits of bacon I believe. My boyfriend loved this. *Strawberry Cheesecake- this cheesecake was different than any one that I've had before. It was more of a "whipped" cheesecake. Although I was stuffed, I snuck in some bites, it was good. Anyone who is living or even visiting Vegas must try this place! And if Biff is available, request him. His excellent service made our dinner perfect.
5	Got there on a Saturday night around 6:50pm We were seated right away. Heather was our server. She was amazing! The food was great. I had the filet and it was perfect. The lobster mac and cheese was also very good. I would definitely go back. I have been to many steak houses in Las Vegas and this and Capital Grill are by far the best.
5	I was in Vegas with 9 of my friends for a bachelor party.  The groom to be wanted to have steak dinner one night, I did some research prior to arriving in Vegas.  After looking through numerous sites for all the steak houses in Vegas, Del Frisco received the highest marks.  Our dinner was on a Saturday night, and I didn't make the reservation until the morning of, and they had no problem taking us in that night for a table of 10.  (I think we didn't have any issues because our reservation was at 9PM)  When we arrived for our reservation, they send us to the bar for a few minutes to get our drinks before dinner, after a couple of minutes; the hostess came by and led us to our table.  We sat in the back corner in the main dining room, the lighting wasn't too bright or too dim, and the ambient was tastefully done.Our servers (we had 3 for our table) were very attentive; the main server recited the specials thoroughly, his recommendations were on point.  Most servers in most restaurants usually recommend the highest price item on the menu, but he did not.  He recommended a red wine that was perfectly balanced with our meal, at $100 per bottle, we ordered 3 for the table, and that was enough for dinner since we will be doing most of the damage later that night.We started off with their crab cakes for appetizer, it was delicious, and I was looking for more after I devoured my in two bites.  I believe everyone else was doing the same thing.  Chopped salad was next, it was very tasty, good pallet cleanser before the main course.  Our main course was phenomenal, everyone's steak was cook perfectly, they will not leave the table until you cut into the center to make sure it's to your satisfaction.  I had the 8oz fillet special cooked medium rare, melted in my mouth, perfectly balance with the sauce that was on my plate, it also came with 2 shrimp, but the star was definitely the fillet.  I get a chance to taste some of the other steaks, they were equally excellent.  For the side dish, make sure you ORDER the LOBSTER MAC and CHEESE, and be sure you ordered more than 1, because you will be looking for more after your first serving.  We did not have room for dessert, everyone was stuffed.If you are looking for a good steak house in Vegas, this is a must, everything I had was delicious.  TWO THUMBS up!
5	WOW!!Never had i been to a steak house where the steaks are as big, juice, and delicious as the one I had here at Del Frisco's. The service was spectacular, and all together an AMAZING place to find the best steak.
5	Just returned from a boys trip to Vegas where Del Frisco's was on the agenda as always.  We had 12 of us in the private wine room (which is a fantastic private room if you are looking for such) for the 6th straight year and as with every visit the staff and food were spot on.  Steaks, fish, appetizers were all expertly prepared.  After a disappointing experience at the usually very good Prime at Bellagio the night before, I just had to make sure Del Frisco's was recognized for their execution.I've also eaten in the restaurant proper several times and have never been disappointed.
5	Phenomenal Steaks. There is a reason why of all the places in vegas.. this one pops up first on Yelp. It really is as good as everyone says it is.I had the bone in rib eye. super succulent. service here is very fast & attentive. I think i had about 4 or 5 different people to meet, greet & wait on my table.5 stars. (will update more later)
5	Let me make this a short one... Wagyu bone in ribeye was the best thing I ever ate in the protein category. It definitely was A+++ off the richter scale as far as really living it up
5	My favorite restaurant in Las Vegas!! Great food and the best service Anywhere in this town.. The staff really want to make Sure your meal is Perfect- and always make me feel so welcome!! The singer/pianist is wonderful too. This reastaurant has the perfect blend of sophiscication and comfortable atmosphere!
4	When in LV, you rarely want to leave the strip since there are many good restaurants within the hotels.But we wanted to try something off the strip. Del Frisco's seemed like a good choice!I ordered the bone-in ribeye 22 oz. Wow, really good!This is the first time that I ordered a bone-in ribeye at a steakhouse. I usually just go for the regular ribeye. I'm always going to get the bone-in ribeye at other places now too.The steak was good but as I got closer to the bone, it was an orgasm in my mouth. Yum!I'm from LA and my fav. steakhouse is Mastro's. Del Frisco's is pretty comparable.
5	Are you freakin' kidding me? The happy hour at this place has got to be one of the best deals I have had so far in this fair land of ours. $6 for each bar menu item!!! And I'm not talking about crappy tiny 1 oz. sliders but a huge, full-sized prime burger which was fantastic. Accompanying chips were also very tasty.Friend and I also got the crab cakes (not on bar menu), seriously one of the best around--little filler, all large chunks of crab meat, not the shredded meat crap. We also got the BBQ shrimp, fantastic. Scallops were good, not outstanding but good. I also threw in a strip steak and I don't know if it was just because I ate so much by that point or what but I thought it was good, not great.Also $6 drinks. Needless to say I had a few VIP martinis.Danger: sesame bread doesn't look appetizing at all but unfortunately we tried it and we were hooked. That's what did us in. It had a super crust on the outside and so soft inside and it was amazing. Totally worth blowing some carb calories on it. Really slowed me down by the time the strip came out.I am a buffet aficionado but will be hitting this place every time I am back in LV. Everything above except for the crab cakes and strip steak were on the bar menu.
5	Decadent from the 6oz filet, to the loaded baked potato, to the avocado dressing on the salad, to the most luscious lemon cake... Need I say more!  Btw matt is a phenomenal waiter...
5	Looking for steak dinner in Las Vegas? Skip the celebrity chef driven steakhouses in the hotels to this slightly off the strip restaurant. Located on Paradise Road, it is about 10 mins taxi ride from most of the hotels (we stayed at Palazzo which was about 1.5 miles away). We were a party of 11 people and they seated us in one of their many dining rooms with spacious seating and lighting. Service is quick and attentive, our water glasses never went below half full. Many at our table ordered the VIP cocktail - vodka and pineapples - and they said it was great. We ordered 5 crab cakes (2 entrees and 1 appetizer) to start off and these crab cakes is unlike any that you probably have tried or will try elsewhere - pan fried instead of battered and deep fried, almost no filler, pure crab meat chunks. Well worth the price. The table ordered various cuts / sizes of the steaks, from the 22oz prime ribeye to the double eagle, and all agreed that the steaks were well seasoned, cooked to perfection. We also ordered for sides the lobster mac and cheese (can taste lobster chunks), asparagus, potato au gratin, which were all good. When I made the reservations via phone, I told them it was for 3 peoples birthdays. At the end of dinner, they brought out 3 of their signature desserts with a candle on them to the table (desserts on the house) which was great service. Amazing staff.
4	Food was fabulous.  Unfortunately the service made us feel rushed.  It was obvious they wanted us out of there in under two hours.  In fact one of the servers called it the Del Frisco Rush.  I felt like I was at a banquet.  One course followed the other without hesitation.  They even take your desert order when you order your main course.  They didn't even ask if we were finished with our meal even though there was still food on our plates.  I would go back again but I would probably give our server a heads up on the rushed service.
4	A "correct" steakhouse offering consistent, quality food and service at reasonable prices.It's the monthly handout kind of place for the guys.  Throw back a few single malts, enjoy a slab of prime beef and shoot the s#*t as only guys can.Although a small chain, Del Frisco beef falls above that of Morton's and Ruth's Chris in quality and taste but below that of the celebrated steakhouses of the Strip.  Standard steakhouse starters.  No strong standouts.  No complaints either. Steaks are steaks.  USDA prime.  Standard cuts.  Decent aging.  Well trimmed.  Juicy, beefy and properly cooked.  Surprisingly, top props go to the lamb.  The double cut lamb chop has a very pronounced lamb flavor.  Lamby?  It's sweet and gamy at the same time.  Cooked with the perfect sear.  Sorry Mary, your little lamb was delicious!  The veal porterhouse is worth a try.  Tender with the unexpected pronounced flavor of beef.  This is definitely not produced from penned up calves but rather those that had the chance to roam free (see, no reason to hate me).Steakhouse standard sides.  Sharing portions.  No complaints.Good wine list focusing on US vintners.  Below strip prices.Recommended for the Vegas local wanting to avoid the Strip.  Visitors, this is just a quality steakhouse.  Pay for the glitz, be a baller,  and live the "Vegas fantasy".
4	Good for happy hour, Del Frisco's is a nice location that has $6 bar food items and drinks in the lounge area. I wish the HH drink selection was larger, it only encompasses a few house liquors, 1 house special drink, and beers. All the cocktails are still full price, be careful. The burger was large and delicious, cooked to medium rare nicely. The scallops Rockefeller was 2 good sized and tasty chunks. The only underwhelming dish in the meal was the potato crisp with goat cheese. Not worth it. My burger came with more potato crisps than that whole dish order! I would like to come back again and try more bar menu foods. Nice ambiance.
5	We were served/waited on by at least 4 staff who were all very friendly, conversational and professional.  The food was excellent - filet mignon, asparagus, potatoes au gratin, banana bread pudding (must-have).  The ambiance was very classy, the live music was soothing and subtle.  The place is located in an office park just off the Strip on Paradise Road.  Will definitely go again next time we're in town.
5	Perfect food, unbelievable service. Don't hesitate to try this steak house!
5	Outstanding service and food.  The crab cake is a must!!  Ask about any steak specials and ask to see the James Bond table.  Unreal!!!
5	I've been here before. I wanted to take my wife to a really nice high end steak house. This is it. GREAT steaks. for bacon eaters please listen. They put 2 full slices of bacon on there steak house salad. its applewood smoked as well. They cook the steak as you order it. not we'll lets get close and see if they like it. its right on the money. The service is great. no issues what so ever. as for attire. I had shorts on. after all it was 104 outside. I think they want them to be nice at least. I did have a button up shirt. I can't wait to go back. it is pricey though. if you have the cash its worth it.
5	5/27/12So we were scrolling through YELP and I wanted to find a great meatery...LOL and I'd always heard of Del Frisco's..on a whim, we decided to make reservations and away we went! LIke everyone else says..the service is seriously exceptional! The location was nice and decor was dark and moody...so needless to say the food photos came out totally dark...hahaha The house sesame bread was soooo good...my bf practically ate the whole loaf by himself! and he's not even a carb man...I ordered the VIP martini...and it had vodka infused with pineapples...and it was THE BOMB! Oh my goodness by far the best drink I had while in Vegas...even a month later I can't stop thinking about it! I'd go back just to have that drink again!We didn't really care what we had dinner wise...but their speciall was pretty enticing...$99 for a 3-course meal! You can't beat that! Had the filet and their crabcakes...which the bf also praised...it was one of the best he'd ever had..full of crab meat and not so bready like most other CC's...the steak was cooked to perfection and vegetables were tasty too! one of the most memorable dinners ever!  =)
4	Planned the hubster's 40th birthday here - he loves steaks and hanging w/ friends - and this seem to be the best place to fit the bill.    Given some other group dinners we've had where the noise threshold made it difficult to chat and catch up with friends - I wanted to make sure we had a private room.   Del Frisco's has  private rooms availabe if you have over a certain number of folks, but then you need to use the preset dinner options.  They had set up the room so everyone was facing each other which was a nice touch.    We chose the $95 option preset menu which had enough steak options to satisfy this meat eating crowd as well as a salmon and chicken option that worked for others.   It is a lot of food with an appetizer, salad, main course w/ sides, and dessert - although the sides seemed a bit stingy (a tablespoon dollop of potatoes is not what I would consider a side).   A bonus was the perfect bacon slices that top your salad (if you get the house salad) and the amazing croutons that they make every day.  Everyone enjoyed their meal and the wait staff were so sweet and considerate, even bringing out a pen so everyone could sign the large wine bottle we got.  They were always a step ahead.   Making the reservation I was a bit worried as this part was not as friendly, but in the end with the welcoming manner of the wait staff, the intimacy of having your own room (we had 22 folks), and the good food, I was glad we chose Del Frisco's.
5	So amazing!  We had the $99 menu with salad, 8oz filet, crab cakes, sides and dessert. Amazing deal and so worth it!  Food was absolutely delicious, everything was cooked to perfection, steak was mouth-watering and crab cakes were so meaty and tasty. The service was also great, the waiters were unbelievably attentive and the manager made a point of coming over to chat and make sure everything was okay.  We were driving so didn't get a chance to try the cocktails but hearing the waiter describe the VIP cocktail made me want to abandon the car and try it out!  Would 100% go back next time we go to Vegas! Don't think I could fault them on a single thing!
5	I was in Vegas for my 40th and I spent the night here. Absolutely perfect!! My group was treated wonderfully. The wine list is excellent and the food is top shelf! I was not supposed to eat bread (my diet) but screw the diet!! Their bread is great! O thought the Bond table was totally awesome!!
5	Had to try Del Frisco's after all the yelp reviews.Tried the deal they had for a 3 course dinner for two. It was amazing. Bone-in Fillet was cooked perfectly and all the food was excellent. Possibly one of the best steaks I  have ever had.Recommend it to everyone!
4	We met up with some people for dinner at their favorite steak place in Vegas. Del Frisco's  was pretty empty on a Sunday night.  I had the bone in filet, and everyone else ordered the dry aged rib eye.  Normally I'm a bone in rib eye kind of girl, so this was different for me.  We ordered asparagus, creamed spinach, and au gratin potatoes to share.  I read a few Yelp reviews before dinner, so I was prepared for the sesame bread.  It was good; nice and soft on the inside, warm, and definitely messy, as the sesame seeds were falling all over the place.  The steaks were all enjoyable.  One thing I appreciated was that we were asked to cut into our steak immediately so the doneness could be confirmed on the spot.  Another nice touch was we were actually served the sides instead of getting our own.  They also brought out a slice of cake for the birthday boy.  I don't mind paying a lot of money for my dining experiences, but it seemed a little high for what we got.
5	My new favorite steak house!Crab cakesLobster Mac and cheeseCream spinachBone in RibeyeAnd a glass of the VIPAll great, will come back every time I am in Vegas.
3	We had 3 people in our party and decided to go to Del Frisco's after reading the other great Yelp reviews.  We did not have reservations but were seated right away. The bread was bought to our table right away but we did not have anything to drink. Our waiter came and took our drink order, but still did not bring us any water. 2 of us ordered the $99 Power Couple special--a great deal!!. Both of us ordered our steaks medium well--they were more like medium rare. I don't like sending food back- so I ended up taking my steak home. The lobster mac and cheese was fantastic!! When it came to desert one of us ordered coffee but it did not arrive till they were almost done with desert. The banana bread pudding was also great!!  Service was slow. It was my birthday yet no one bothered to ask if we were celebrating anything. We are local and may go back again.
5	Always a great place to get a PERFECT Steak.  And isn't that what you go to a steak house for?  Expensive, Yes.  Worth every Penny.  As for Kids, my 10 year old loves the place.  But she's used to going to high end restaurants.
2	My husband and I came here this past Friday night.  We read the reviews and thought we HAD to try it.  The decor and entertainment (live piano player) was great, but the food was so-so.  I've definitely had better (Ruth's Chris; Joe's Seafood, Prime Steak and Stone Crab).  My steak was cook right, but there was a major lack of flavor.  It tasted like a plain piece of meat.  We ordered the potatoes au gratin and those were blan tasting too.  I'm not too sure what everyone else is raving about?!  Perhaps my husband and I ate there on a off-night? Not too sure. All I know is we definitely won't be coming here again.
5	Thank you Del Frisco for accommodating such a large, noisy, rowdy party at the last reservation time on a Friday night.Came here for my name twin's bday dinner and had an AMAZING meal. Wine, steak, potatoes, and good company are all the right ingredients to make a soul happy. I ordered a 6 oz filet, which was a nice portion and cooked to perfection. Juicy, flavorful (a little too flavorful on the crust but delicious nonetheless), tender, and literally melts in your mouth. The lobster mac n cheese was BOMB. Chunky pieces of meat and savory, creamy goodness. The potato au gratin was also very good; can't really go wrong with meat and potatoes. The bill came out to ~$70/person, which wasn't bad at all considering all the wine and sides we ordered for a party of 20+.It's a little ways off the strip but a WINNER in my book. Highly recommend.
5	The food was phenomenal! The steak was just a tad too salty but beyond that everything was awesome. We had a few waiters using the buddy system which made things soooo much easier and convenient for everyone. Our party of 11 had a wonderful time (5 of which were 4 and under). I will definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas!
5	Took my lady here for her birthday... And damn, I did a good job picking a place for dinner. Let me first start by saying. Exceptional service. Our waiter was helpful, attentive but not in your face, annoying. The food was some of the best I've had in Vegas, without the hassle of being on the strip. Crab cakes, lobster mac, potatoes and most importantly the succulent red meat we were served... Simply amazing. Can't wait to come back
5	I went to Del Frisco's with friends for my Birthday dinner.  All of the staff were very accommodating. I had to bring in a cake the day before our reservation and it was no problem.All of the food was amazing and top quality.  The filets were cooked and seasoned to perfection! We took advantage of the $99 special and it was worth every penny.  We enjoyed bread pudding and cheesecake along with our filet, crab cake, potatoes and the best creamed spinach I have ever tasted.  You also have to taste the Lobster Mac and Cheese!Our waitress was very attentive, sweet and genuine as were all the staff.  I can't wait to go back and just sit at the bar and have their signature pineapple martini!
5	Best steakhouse deal in Vegas.  Super classy, right off the strip, amazing steaks and sides, great service - and a dinner prix fixe menu that is the best deal in town.  My husband and I came here for dinner, it is his favorite place to come with "the boys."  There used to be a cigar room, but it is gone now.They advertise a set menu on their website and yelp, but not on their menu or at the location.  You have to ask for the menu, but it is really good.  You get a salad (all the good ones are available to choose from), a filet mignon with a crab cake, a side of your choosing and a dessert for two people for $100.  That is basically half off.  Our server was very attentive, bread basket  and water glasses were always full, wine was brought out with dinner as requested, steak was cooked perfectly. I would definitely go back again, even without the amazing deal!
3	Expensive food that really isn't all that great. Steak was good...everything else we tried was just MEH
3	i thought the food was ok.. Service and staff were nice. Atmosphere was great; however, the food wasn't to die for. For the price, I would look elsewhere. I can cook a better steak. Food needed more flavor, or perhaps I wan't feeling it that day, but my boyfriend had mutual feelings.
5	Unbelievable service and food!  An ABSOLUTE must!  Alexis and Jen were our waitresses; they were accommodating, hospitable, attentive, made great recommendations, and really made us feel like we were a high priority.  We will be back for more of the chocolate lava cake and banana bread pudding...though I admit they made a Jack Daniels bread pudding I wish would be put back on the menu.
5	There's just way too much food here! I made reservation for this stand alone restaurant located among all the business building off the strip of Las Vegas. The boyfriend and I came for the $99 power couple special. Regular price will burn a serious hole in my wallet. Anyways, so the special was a 3-course meal for each. I went for the Del's Salad, the 8 oz. filet and signature crab cake with Chateau potatoes for the side and banana bread pudding for dessert. The filet was a perfect size, don't be fool by the small number of ounces. The meal all together with their delicious loaf of bread was very filling. The Chateau potato, however, I could do without. My boyfriend got the Caesar salad, a 16 oz. Rib Eye (for an additional $10) with the signature crab cake with sauteed mushrooms for the side and strawberry cheesecake for dessert. It was such a huge slab of meat cooked to perfection and very tender. You can actually order any steak choice for the power couple special, it's just an additional to the individual $50. We also order the Lobster Mac and Cheese because there's no way I would go to a restaurant and not order mac and cheese. One of the better tasting mac and cheese and with REAL lobster pieces? How much better can it get? Service was more than attentive. We had three people serving us our sides at once. It... was... weird. I'm not used to having a server bring me my sides and then scooping some onto my plate before settling it down on the table. There was a server just to refill our water, another to clear our tables, another to bring us food, another to give us more bread, and our assigned server who comes around and asks if everything's good. SO MANY SERVERS! It was overwhelming. The boyfriend and I had a great meal. We self parked in the parking lot though they have valet. The valet just moves your car to a parking spot at the convenient lot right in front of the restaurant. No point in really doing valet, in my opinion. The restaurant does get full during dinner time so reservation is highly suggested!
5	Its a sad moment when you realize the you'll probably never eat a better steak than the current steak you are eating. That being said, this was the best steak by far I've ever had. The restaurant ambiance is very romantic. Softly lit dining rooms and extremely professional waiting staff. I don't remember our waiters name, but he was also amazing. I got the tomahawk cut Wagyu beef cooked medium. Amazing, perfectly seasoned and melted in your mouth. It's on the expensive side, but I'm willing to pay good money for the best (insert food name here) i've ever had.
5	By far, THE best steak I have had in my entire life. The service was PHENOMENAL! Every restaurant should be like this one when it comes to service and attentiveness. While it might be a tad on the expensive side, I can honestly say its worth every penny and more! I loved it so much that I am flying to Vegas just to eat at this place again for my birthday.
5	Hubby and I order calamari everywhere we go and Del Frisco's sure delivered an amazing dish.  The Calamari Shanghai appetizer was the best part of my meal!  It was absolutely fabulous.  Crunchy, sweet, tender, and delicious.The caesar salad was tasty and was a generous portion.  The sesame loaf was served warm with soft salted butter- you'd be amazed how many restaurants get that detail wrong but Del Friscos passed with flying colors!My filet duo was a daily special and was tasty although a bit chewy.The lobster mac n cheese was good if you like mild cheese flavour (I am a sharp cheddar girl myself so it wasn't much to my liking but that's a personal preference thing).Our server was Annamarie, and she was attentive and personal.  They do team service and they were all great.  Annamarie arranged for us to celebrate our occasion (Anniversary weekend) which was a lovely touch.My husband got the 26oz Double Eagle strip and he ate every bite.  Their lemon cake is amazing.  Huge and very home-made flavor.We'd definitely return.  Totally worth the short cab ride off the strip and we had no trouble getting another cab back to the hotel after dinner.
5	Awesome food! Fantastic service, our server Alana was great and our food was spectacular. Best steak in Las Vegas, hands down.
5	I have nothing to say but... OMG!!! yup... it's reall that good...
5	Good drinks and nice atmosphere. Had the scallops at the bar for an appetizer and they were excellent! Next time I'll be going for an entire meal instead of just happy hour.
5	Came here for the first time with a group of friends that I convinced not to dine at Gallaghers Steakhouse in New York New York Casino.Ordered the following:- Crab cake, this dish is a must have unless you are allergic to crab. Most crab cakes have quite of bit of breading which I do not like. Del Frisco's version has hardly at all, 95% is all CRAB!!!!! It was very tasty. Too bad it was quite pricey ($19) but you get what you paid for. I would definitely ordered it again.- Ribeye (16oz), tasty. No complaints.- Bone-in ribeye (22oz), tasty. No complaints.- Double Eagle Bone-in Strip (26oz), I normally order ribeye but I do like to try the restaurant's 'signature' steak. I was surprised that it was good. I am always afraid that a thick steak will not be cooked to my liking. I was glad I tried it but I miss the flavor and texture of ribeye. - Lobster mac & cheese, I was disappointed. Hardly any lobster. It might as well be called mac & cheese.- Asparagus, decent. No complaints.Service was great. Everyone was attentive and our waitress was knowledgeable and answered all my questions.Ambiance was nice.  I do wish it was a bit brighter. The lights was dimmed for a 'romantic' setting.My friends thanked me for dining here. They all said the steaks were much better than Gallaghers. We will be back!!!!One of the managers told us that they are looking to open a location in Southern California. I plan to make a reservation on opening night!!!!
4	We were here for my 30th birthday last month.  I've heard a lot of good things about this place so I wanted to try it.  We usually pick Lawry's as our special dinner; but figured to give it a try.  Well, it was not how I had really envisioned it.  I guessed I assumed it would be more intimate?  I was wrong.  We were seated at one of the middle tables in one of the rooms.  When we first sat down (reservations was t 7pm); it was quiet.  But, Boy...when it hit 8pm it was like a party.  So much people crammed in one room, conversations and music.  It was just too much for me.  But, the food was great.  They had this special for 2 people for $99 which included a salad, entree, 2 sides and dessert.  My filet mignon was cooked perfectly and we also had it oscar-style (stuffed crab) and it was filled w/ crab.  It was delicious!If we were to go back; we may bring friends who want to grab dinner and drinks.  I wouldn't go back for a romantic dinner, though.
1	wouldn't ever go again.....service was poor and rude, manager was in your face, we had couples who wanted to share a 26 oz double eagle strip and they denied us said we could only share the special steak of the day (assume it was because it was $100)....we had a private room and were told this is why no sharing or specials would be allowed (suppose they had a minimum to meet).  Also, we were told by the frumpy blonde manager we could not share and in fact if someone chose not to order an entree they would charge us for one anyway.  Sadly, several of us are small eaters and wanted to try lots of sides without a giant steak required.  Wholes experience was awful.  Would absolutely never go back and it seems to be just a cut above the outback.    Do not waste your time here.  Oh, did have a good vanilla lemon drop from the bar.  Place is so overrated.  Also, they refused to allow separate checks,etc.  The shrimp was tiny, way overcooked and smothered in cocktail sauce (from a jar).  For those of you who like this place give others a try like Mastro's or Ruth Chris or even Flemings...all beat this place by a mile.
5	Nothing more needs to be said........best steak in the United States!
5	The Double Eagle Prime Strip Steak was out of this world delicious.  Perfectly seasoned and cooked to perfection.  It really just melted away in your mouth.  The crab cake was also really good.  I haven't had too many so I can't say how they compare, but it was so good I was cleaning up the sauce with the bread.  I did the dishwasher a favor as good as I cleaned up that plate.  Me and my girl shared the crab cake and steak in order to leave room for their famous lemon cake and am I sure happy we did.  We NEVER get dessert but we just had to try this one after all the reviews we read.  It really is worth all the hype and by far the best cake I've ever had!
5	This review is long overdue.  We celebrated by husband's 40th birthday here on 12/10/10.  There were 6 of us in our party & we were fortunate to have David as our primary waiter.  David definitely helped make the evening very special & exceeded my husband's high expectations about how we should be treated at a nice restaurant.  Even better - the food also exceeded our expectations - 4 had the filet & 2 had the mahi mahi.  My husband really likes chocolate lava cake, while they did not have this on the menu, David talked with the chef & came up with a similar option that was wonderful.  After our meal, the chef came out to greet us & ask how everything was - our response was awesome!  The special evening did not end there.  David arranged for us to have pictures taken in their phenomenal wine cellar along with a tour.  It was definitely a special evening...we will return the next time we are in Vegas!
5	One word. Wagyu. Straight buttery beef. I didn't bother trying to eat anything else, but tasted some oysters and some delicious drinks. If you can drop the loot, you should eat here.
5	They have the best steak money can buy and the staff/service are fantastic.
1	this place was awful.  the lettuce tased like it had been gathered onthe Monorail.  the wine was over priced and under aged.  the dressing tasted like it came with a kids meal at MacDonald s.  What a let down.  Will never repeat.  I have bought steakat the local meat market cooked on our grill and it was better. FORGET IT. YMMV.  We won't be back especially with the other choices within a mile.
5	The restaurant is about 10-15 mins away from the strip but it's very well-known in Vegas. The restaurant was really romantic. I totally fell in love with this place right when I walked in. We ordered the Crab Cake as an appetizer, and it was SO good! Probably the best Crab Cake I ever had. We had 3 rib-eyes and a surf and turf. The steaks were amazing. I think we had about 6-7 people serving us. We felt like a king or something haha. One of the waiters accidentally took my side dish away. When I found out, I asked the waiter and he said he will be right back. Guess what. He came back with the whole new mac & cheese and sauteed mushroom as a sorry. I was.."wow!" The food and the service were AMAZING! You won't be disappointed. I would highly recommend this place to all my friends and family.
3	Unfortunately just average.
4	Came in for happy hour on Monday. I've brought clients here for dinner in the past and really miss the Cigar bar in the back!Ordered the burger and a beer. The burger was thick and tasty although I felt the bun is overly thick. The condiments were fresh and the potatoes that came with the burger were on the greasy side. I ended up half way through the burger and chucked half the bun and finished the burger with a fork and knife.The bar has cougars and one was chatting my ear off. Don't get me wrong I like socializing but she was a distraction!Stick with the steaks, lobster and crab cakes,  I've had better burgers elsewhere although the HH price was a bargain for $13.00 for two beers & burger before gratuity. The bartenders here were both great..
5	WHAT? How did I not write a review for this place? I went this summer with 2 guy friends and my boyfriend. PUaha it was like a double date, kinda. We made the two guys also order the Power Couple Special with us and it was SUCH A GREAT DEAL and ridiculously good food. All the sides are good, just make sure everybody orders different ones! We didn't realize the side dishes would be family sized so ordered double of some items. My filet came out a little rarer than I liked and they were ok with it. They actually stood there and waited for us to cut into the meat first to make sure we liked it, then cooked it some more and brought it back out. Impeccable service and food, I love this place and I am definitely going back for seconds in November!
5	How did I forget to write a review for DF?  We came here for my birthday, and wanted a great steak. I know there are others out there that are a little better for a little more money, but I have always wanted to come here and just never made the time.The atmosphere and setting is very nice...very upscale and classy.  The service is outstanding as well....some of the best service we have had.  I also asked the hostess to make sure our wine selection came out with the Swarovski crystal flutes I just bought, and it was done without question and seemed happy to do so!To start, the crab cakes are one of the best things ever.  I HATE crab cakes....I don't like the breading taste, consistency, or whatever it is that in my mind dislikes CCakes, but I tried some and wish I ordered more.  These are so good, and don't taste anything like a regular joe shmoe CC that I have ever had....in a good way.The sides were also amazing.  We had the mac and cheese and mashed potatoes...both super scrumptious.On to the important stuff...the meat!Went with the bone in ribeye...and the bone in filet mignon.  Both were excellent cuts, super tasty, and had a nice crusty sear on the outside packed with flavor.Since these meats aren't aged, they aren't fair to compete with some of the better steaks in vegas, but what is nice, is their rub/seasoning...much more rich and diverse.Either way, I think you will have an excellent time here!
5	Great steaks!  Great Seafood.  Great Drinks.  Great Ambiance!
5	Oh man. I got a gift certificate to this place for doing some pro-bono work and almost sold it... let's just say that would have been a huge mistake.I'm not exactly a steak connoisseur, but I will say that Del Frisco's served me one of the best filet mignons I've ever had. My girlfriend and I split the filet mignon trio. If memory serves, one was paired with a scallop, one with a cheese that I forget the name of, and one was topped with sauteed salmon. Each of those was better than just about any other steak I've ever had.Service gets high marks, too. Our server was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and also took some time to chat with us about mixology bars in the area.Highly recommend that you getchu some steak here.
5	Easily one of my favorite go to places.  With the dark wood walls it feels very intimate and they have an awesome wine selection.  But really it comes down to their food.  All their dishes that i've ever had were perfectly balanced.  The free loafs of sesame bread are to die for when they are warm (which is always)  They bring the food out appropriatly and it has waiters that really know what they are doing.  Totally great. GET THE BANANA BREAD PUDDING!  best desert i've had in town...and i've got an overactive sweet tooth.
5	This is THE best steakhouse in town without doubt.  Tried them all, Strip Steak #2.  Our group enjoyed filet, bone-in filet, strip steak.  All cooked to perfection.  Au gratin potatoes, creamed spinach to die for.  Outstanding wine list -magnum of Neal cab just right this night.
5	Got the bone in rib eye ($55).  I asked for it medium rare.  It was cooked perfectly and came out piping hot (not sure they let it rest).  Either way it was delicious.  Potatoes Au Gratin were a real treat.  One of the better sides I have had here in Vegas.Once you get into the top ten Vegas steak houses it is difficult to find things to complain about.  I would say what stood out to me here was the atmosphere.  It was very friendly and I felt very welcomed even being a solo eater(here on business).  That being said, I feel that Del Frisco's had less options than some of the other steak houses but that would not deter me from coming back!Recommend!Great Atmosphere!
5	Excellent food and service. An overall wonderful experience. An old favorite that never has a bad day.
5	An amazing experience. You get what you pay for and from beginning to end, the care and attention given to us as guests was stellar. The steaks are a must.
5	One of the best restaurants in las Vegas.  I've been going to Vegas for 20 years with a group.  We always do a nice dinner somewhere.  I found Del Frisco's last year using YELP and was so glad we did.  The service is impeccable and the food is fantastic.  This place blows away Ruth Chris, Delmonico, and Smith & Wollensky.  It is slightly better than Center Cut (Flamingo), The Range (Harrahs), Mesa Grill, and the Palm.  If you have tried any of these places you will have a better experience at Del Frisco's. I can't wait to go back to Vegas.  Our server reported they might be bringing one to Chicago. I will be so excited.
5	I do not believe in god. But I do believe in Steak. There is only one other place that I have had a steak that rivals Del Frisco's but that is a different review. I recommend a special I was fond of years ago that is not mentioned anymore, but they are willing to make for you if you ask for it. It is 3 pieces of Filet (about 3 ounces ea.), each cooked to your preference and topped with 3 different sauces. 1) is a cream sauce with crab, 2) is a butter truffle sauce (my favorite) and 3) (I cannot remember, go find out weirdo).I also usually order a side of something green and 99% of the time it's the butter, sauteed broccoli.The wine selection is great and the bar is very good. Tip the piano player, tip the excellent service and before you leave, ask about the secret JAMES BOND TABLE (it's so frakn cool)!
4	Handsome and I had finished a disappointing dinner at Firefly and decided to walk across the street to Del Frisco's steakhouse for dessert. Yummy! We ordered a single malt scotch, glass of wine and the vanilla ice cream with the caramel sauce and toasted pralines... that was yummy...Handsome devoured the bowl...along with his scotch. We'll be back here again.
5	Excellent dinner experience. Food and service was very good.
5	Excellent place to take that someone special!!
5	Best steakhouse in Vegas. My wife and I come here almost everytime we are in Vegas and it is always amazing. We have tried all of the other top steakhouses on the strip but this place is much better with out the over doneness of the casinos and they dont rip you off. Steaks are always cook perfectly and their sides are great.
5	Happy hour from 5-6:30, mon-fri. $6.50 cheeseburgers, $4.50 cocktails.
5	Birthday dinner for the gf and another couple.  We were all speechless.  It was the best thing we ate all week.Incredible service, incredible food, great atmosphere.I got the triple threat thing with 3 cuts of meat with 3 different toppings.  This was...orgasmic.You get what you pay for indeed.  Beginning to end.
3	Ahi was bad section of fish and too much seeds on around of fish but my friends and sister liked meat dinner
5	There are a lot of steak houses in Vegas, and especially on the strip..... but if you meander just a little bit off the strip you'll find this hidden Vegas gem.  To start, this is not a Vegas restaurant.  It's a small chain that has a few spots around the country.  But this is a great spot to have one on the West coast.Del Frisco's is a very classy/trendy place that won't scrutinize if you're not dressed up.  I would recommend that you dress up at least business casual.  It's kind of nice to do so.  When you walk in you hear the live piano player.  I think he gives the place a special ambiance.Onto the food..... to start, the bread that they give you is NOT your ordinary bread.  This is freshly made in-house, light, airy, and sesame-seedy goodness.  Honestly, you could eat one whole one yourself and not ruin your appetite.  Get more than one.  Trust me.Steaks are at the level of the top steak houses on the strip, but just a little more oomph in flavor and tenderness.  Hot recommendation is the bone-in rib eye.  But the last time I went I shared the Kobe waygu.  I think it was a 32 oz steak.  Definitely big enough for two.  If it's you and your girl, get one steak, order a side of veggies, maybe their lobster mac n' cheese or potatoes.... and you'll be in heaven.Ask them to show you their James Bond wine box.  It's pretty cool.  But you HAVE TO ASK!!!!
4	Great service, great food. The lamb was soooooooo good. And the crab cake app? Have it.
4	My first time here and got everything the server recommended...didn't regret a single choice! Tuna TartarLambLemon CakeAMAZING!
5	What a treat, I have never been so impressed with a steak house since dining at Peter Lugar's in NY. Their wet aged steaks are cooked to perfection and have a unique taste that rivals Mastro's.  I shared both a rib eye and and A bone-in filet and was blown away by the texture, flavor, and quality of the meat. Every bite was consistent. Next time I am in town i am having dinner at D.F. If you are a steak enthusiast, you will be impressed. Don't pass this place up.
5	Very big portions, very attentive service, and very delicious, excellent cuts of steak.I had a bone-in filet cooked to medium rare perfection. The lobster mac n cheese and asparagus were our sides. They are family style portions, and given the richness of everything you'll be having, you won't need more than two or three sides for a party of four (and you'll have leftovers, too).The portions in general are very "classic steakhouse" big. I also had a wedge salad, which was not too heavy on the dressing and everything was fresh as you'd like.The wine list is HUGE and there are plenty of selections at all price points. My wife and I split a half bottle (next to last page). My brother pointed something out about the prices. While this place is not cheap, it seems that similar quality steak, salads, sides, and appetizers cost about 20% more on The Strip. The piano featured some familiar hits including Bobby Brown's "Don't Be Cruel." Make sure to ask to see the James Bond table because it's truly unique.
5	Phenomenal food and service. Filet mignon trio was perfectly cooked and tender. Crab cake and lobster mac and cheese had a delicious taste and texture. The sommelier gave us a great wine choice, and our server Anna was friendly and attentive. I am pretty jaded by Vegas dining, where you find a lot of pretty good food for astronomical prices. Del Frisco's was a splurge that was worth the price.
5	I will never again come to Vegas without visiting Del Frisco's! Everything we had redefined what we thought we knew about the items we ordered. To start we ordered the crab cake & the calamari. Something about how both were fried created this shell of crispy, golden, goodness... plate scrapingly good. The calamari was drizzled in some sort of spicy sauce that I could only hope was bottled somewhere that I could buy cases of. Entrees  were shared among us and boy were we glad to do so... we challenged the Tomahawk & largest Lobster tail they offered. Those two entrees w/ the appetizers were enough for 4 people! Our goal was to eat and be comfortable w/out having leftovers. Mission accomplished except for the fact that we were stuffed! Stick a fork in me cause I surrender! I'm a fan for life. If I were a polygamy practicing Mormon, Del Frisco's would be my #2!!!
5	Never a disappointment.  Sunday we came here to celebrate our 8 year anniversary.  When making the reservation ...they always ask if we are celebrating a special occasion.  When we got there, it seemed the whole restaurant knew it was our anniversary because a few random employees came to our table to wish us happy anniversary.  A little special touch I must say.We ordered the shrimp cocktail-it was delicious!  I cant say enough about the bread.  I know its a steak house and Im talking about the bread.  Sesame loaf fresh out of the oven.  I wanted to take some home!!!  To die for.   We both ordered the filet with the lobster mac.  The filets cooked perfectly and melted in your mouth.  The mac (a shared side) a little on the flavorless side.  Definitely needed salt.  We were so full and then here came this big piece of lemon cake on the house for -thats right-our anniversary.The only thing I can say after this wonderful experience is when we were leaving we asked the valet guy to take our picture-for our anniversary.  He seemed very disinterested and took a couple blurry shots with no care how they turned out.  I know thats not his job but we weren't interupting him and a little customer service as we left would have been nice.  Oh well.  ...and if you are asking yourself if we valeted our car, the answer is no. LOL There is plenty of parking right in front-It was a Sunday night remember. ;)Always recommended and for the price it is a definite "special occasion place"....we don't go there too often but when we do we are glad we did.
2	The boyfriend is going to kill me when he reads this review, because he loved the dinner and he spent a lot of money on it, but I was overly unimpressed.We started off with the special chopped salad. I thought this was rather good, but it was so drenched in dressing that I could barely distinguish the different ingredients. I tasted bacon, and I felt the lettuce, but that's about it. I forgot, the table bread is forgettable. Yes, it's soft, and covered in sesame seeds, but there was nothing special about it, besides the fact that it was a giant piece you had to break by hand and it left seeds all over the table. I LOVED the whipped butter, however. It was fluffy and salty, overall perfect, and I could spread this on anything and everything.We ordered the bone in ribeye to share, since we had a large lunch. When it came to the table, some lady mangled it. She cut a 3-4 inch slit to ask us if it was cooked properly. We asked for medium rare, and I saw a lot of white-ish meat, but the bf gave his approval, so we took it. I wanted to let the steak sit for a minute, but the lady proceeded to cut it in all sorts of sloppy pieces. It was a massacre. I've never seen anything like it before. She first tried to separate it from the bone. It was like she had never handled a piece of meat or a steak before. She was all over the place, and splatters of meat juice were shooting around the table. I don't know if any of it hit us or our clothes, but I saw stains appearing on the white tablecloth all around. It took her forever to separate the bone from the meat. At one point I thought she was going to give up, because she just couldn't get the job done. The whole time, I was staring at the knife and wondering if she had grabbed the wrong one, or if it was dull or something. It was appalling.Next, she cut the steak into pieces. She said she wanted us to have equal shares of each section of the steak. We had four pieces (one with the 3-4 inch slit in it), and then she decided one piece was bigger than the other, so she cut off a piece of it and threw it to the other portion. OMG. In the end, there were five pieces of mangled meat that were divided onto two plates. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?The meat looked bastardized after this.When I bit into my portion, it was, to my surprise, tough. I'm not even exaggerating here. It was really tough for a $50 steak. I've cooked more tender rib eyes bought from Costco or from Omaha's online catalog. And it wasn't anything near medium rare. It was quite possibly medium, if not more done. The flavor of the steak was good, but most of that was due to over salting. There is a lot of seasoning on this meat, so much so, that it was hard to actually taste the steak. I overly salt my steaks at home, but I'm not buying really expensive cuts. What I'm looking for in a pricey steak is texture, tenderness, and flavor (past the salt). I didn't get any of these three. If I had gotten this steak at Sizzler or at another, cheaper, restaurant, I'd be ecstatic, don't get me wrong. I am so critical, because this was supposed to be the best steak ever, and it fell short. By a lot.The sides were hit and miss. I thought the mushrooms were nicely done and were bursting with flavor. I don't even like mushrooms, but I thought these were a nice pick. The special green beans were also good. The famed lobster mac and cheese that everyone raves over...wtf? The pieces of lobster were small, and although it was creamy, it was more milky than cheesy. It was extremely loose and runny in texture, and the predominant flavor was the taste of the breadcrumbs. Um, no. I had some the next morning (cold), and the congealed consistency was slightly more appetizing.Overall, the next time I'm in Vegas, I'm going to look for steak elsewhere. In my humble opinion, it's not worth the price.
5	Had diner here 2 weeks ago with my wife and it was one of my top 3 dining experience's! We both ordered cocktails and they were nice and strong. They started us off with some delish bread and butter that I swore I was only going to taste..yea right we ate the whole thing! We then ordered the calamari app and it was incredible. If I wasn't in public I would have licked the plate clean. We then had the fillet's with crab cakes and sides of mashed and creamed spinach. Every aspect of the meal was spot on and to top it all off our server was absolutely incredible. I've already told all my friends and family about the place and can't wait to go back!
4	Update - The manager responded to my three star review and apologized that no body had asked if we wanted to be seated in the sports room or offered to reseat us when we brought it up.  They definitely are trying to do the right thing!The food was top notch.  The ambiance was poor at best, they had TV's in the corners of the dining room!!!  Is this a sports bar or a fine dining restaurant?  At their prices, I shouldn't have to endure network television.  Our waitress wasn't worthy of Denny's, she deserved no place in this high end establishment.
5	Consider this a limited review but all signs point to an excellent steak house.While I was visiting Del Frisco's for a special event, it was suggested I order a dish. While my experience there was limited by my single menu choice, the food was excellent, the staff friendly and attentive. Initially, I had the opportunity to witness the management and staff interaction both at the function and with other customers, and later interact with some of them as well, as the event progressed, again, impressed with their focus on the patrons and food.On a light note - generally known to be acutely aware of my surroundings, I did not have a clue that there was a live piano player there for some 15 minutes or so. I thought the smooth sounding songs were piped in, but far from it, live and upbeat.The feel of the steak house was right on target in every dimension.And the location is easily accesible on Paradise near Sands/Twain.
5	Del Frisco's is definitely the place to be if you're looking for a great steak. Their bone-in ribeye was one of the best ones I've had. The service is outstanding (from the time I made the reservation with Kate, to the moment I walked in the restaurant and until the time I left) so kudos to the whole staff. My server Travis was not only friendly and attentive but very knowledgeable of the menu. Very impressed with the service here. When Travis asked how I'd like my steak cooked, he went the extra mile to say that "their" medium rare is red in the center and medium is pink. Most restaurants I go to won't even bother.  I like the fact that they want to make sure the steak is cooked to my liking by having me cut through the middle. I was hoping to try the Asparagus soup that was pictured here on Yelp somewhere but that must be a seasonal offer so I ended up getting the Seafood soup which turned out to be very good. I am a big fan of banana desserts so naturally I went for the Banana bread pudding but that was just was ok, I have had better. Despite the dessert not being outstanding, overall though, I still would rate this place a 5 star.
2	Inside the place certainly seems like a steakhouse, and the menu looks impressive.  However it fell short of my expectations.The menu carries high end steakhouse prices for items which are below that quality.  Everything was prepared well, and the meal was decent, but the price we paid was not representative of the food we received.In all honesty, there are quite a few better steakhouses in this city, and ones which are more deserving of the money paid.I had a shrimp cocktail appetizer which was very boring.  The three gourmet sauces were nothing unique or impressive, and I was forced to try them if I wanted the shrimp as each shrimp was bathed in one of them.The filet oscar was decent, and at 8 oz a reasonably sized protion.  However it was not worth the money as my oscar treatment contained only a tiny bit of crab and diced asparagus (which wasn't even properly cooked).I tried some of the lobster tail ordered by a friend, and it was okay, but absolutely not worth the $90 pricetag for the "12 oz tail" which wasn't even close to that size - perhaps it was the tail of a 12 oz lobster.Dinner was enjoyable, the service was outstanding.But if you truly enjoy steak, go to a real steakhouse.  You will spend the same amount of money, but you will receive a FAR better meal.
5	Amazing food.  Fabulous service.  A bit off the strip but definitely worth it.
5	pricy but worth every penny. the filet is to die for... and you have to pay for sides too!!!!
5	Went to Del Frisco's based on the reviews on Yelp. Spot on as we had a wonderful meal. Two members of our group had the filets and they were exactly as ordered, medium rare. One member of our group had the rib-eye also medium rare. He said he was full after about half of the steak but by the end of the meal the whole thing had been eaten. When asked about where it all went, he told us that it was so good he just couldn't stop himself. The fourth member of our group had the lamb chops. They were fantastic, perfectly cooked and so wonderful that the only thing left was the bones that the chops were on. Sides were flavorful, dessert was just right. The table split a piece of their fabulous lemon cake. Perfect balance of sweet and tart with a lightness to the cake itself that capped a wonderful meal. The staff was attentive, friendly and solicitous. Water glasses were constantly refilled but you never felt the hovering presence of wait staff. When we needed something, there was always somebody at the ready. Recommended without reservations.
4	Classy ambiance with very pleasant staff, Marciano, our waiter was informed and fun.  Martini's were delicious, they have a house pineapple infused vodka they use for their house martini, it was great.  The chopped salad (may have been chef salad) was drenched in dressing and that made it soggy, could have done without it.  Rib eye was yummy.  Cooked perfectly and the waiter was thorough in making sure we sliced our steak before he left our table.  Chateau potatoes were also great, not the best, but definitely yummy with a right texture.It was costly, and for special occasions, I would say worth it.
4	We attended a corporate Christmas party at Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House. It was a wonderful place for a party and food was delicious. I had lobster macaroni and cheese as a side dish (needs to be shared by two) and lamb as an entree. It was both prepared with perfection. The lamb was served with the right tenderness and seasoning. You can taste the lobster in the macaroni and cheese without the cheese overpowering the dish. I tasted my friend's prime porterthouse and it was also a good choice to order. The staff was attentive and never left you with an empty glass. The only reason it was given four stars instead of five was due to the second wine pour had sediments floating in my wine glass and coffee grounds in my coffee cup.The overall experience was enjoyable and highly recommended for couples, special family occasions, and corporate gatherings.
5	The best steak in Las Vegas. When I asked for as rare-as-legally-possible they delivered! The service was OUTSTANDING, the scotch menu was superb, and the steak was so good you'd eat it as your last meal. The sides are a class all their own with the lobster mac-n-cheese taking the top prize in the flavor department. I couldn't possibly have enjoyed myself more than I did while eating here and look forward to returning!
5	This place is really amazing. After a disapointing Vegas steak experience at Golden Steer (see my review) we decided to check Del Frisco's out on our next trip. We were very glad we did!  The service and staff were impeccable, friendly, knowledgeable, competant and most important: friendly..(did I mention that once already?). Now the food..AMAZING. The steaks are incredible, perfectly cooked and flavorful. My medium Filet Mignon was perfect pink, swimming in natural juices, and tender enough to cut with a fork..it was carnivore heaven. If that isnt enough their hot bread and butter is to die for!! Also, their desserts are incredibly scrumcious. I had their signature lemon cake and it is the best I have  ever had. I am quite the lemon connoisseur and even I was blown away.This place truly cares about giving a great experience and backs it up with its amazing food. My highest carnivore recommendation!
3	Loved the food. It was pretty decent for a steakhouse. A little too much dressing on the salad, but other than that, really good. However, the Sommelier left something to be desired. Pushing sour wine on people just because the bottle has been opened, and disregarding the opinion of the person at the table who you are pouring for is a little offending. I'm sorry, I know wine, and that bottle was off. It was past it's prime and going to vinegar, and for you to not listen to my opinion and to try and change my opinion by saying "it will blow off" is slightly offensive. Then you left and never came back. By the way, it never blew off. Sour wine for dinner with steak was really fantastic. The dinner, as I mentioned before, was fantastic, and just what I was looking for.
5	This was probably the second best steak I've ever had, yet I was super impressed with the restaurant as a whole. To Frisco's defense the best steak I ever had was a 12oz Buffalo Ribeye....I know, I know. I loved how this place was just off the strip allowing us to truly enjoy the atmosphere and have a nice quiet conversation. I have to give a nod to our Server. This guy knew more about the menu, specials and drinks than anyone on the planet. This place truly requires their servers to be on top of their games. No stoned waiters here. He walked us through the menu and described everything that was done to the steaks to include the sides. I ended up opting for the Filet Trio and it was epic. The steaks were cooked to perfection as well as the scallops and shrimp that topped my beef. I'm not usually a filet guy but these things were worth the hefty price tag.Now I know drinks usually come first but somehow this treat slipped my mind. We ordered their house cocktail which has their pineapple infused vodka and an ingredient or two that I can't remember. But this nice and light drink paired well with my heavy, strong flavored filets. If you're looking for classy steak meal without the Strip vibe than this is the place for you.
2	I've heard such great things about Del Frisco's, so perhaps they had an off night in the kitchen.  All the meat dishes that we ordered were extremely underwhelming.  Don't get me wrong, they were still decent, but not up to par for the prices.  If I went to Denny's and ordered what I ate at Del Frisco's, it would be 5 stars.  The best thing about our meal was the bread.  Service and atmosphere was excellent.  The James Bond Wine table is definitely worth checking out.  However, the only reason I'd go back is if dinner was free.
5	One of the best steaks I have ever had! Move over mortons, Ruth Chris, Jean George, and even Carne Vino.
5	We went here for my fiance's birthday and it was a really great meal/experience.  I felt like the waiters were overeager to please at times which could be awesome or could just get annoying.  For some reason I felt awkward with their attentiveness and rejected it (kinda shooed them away).  My fiance and I shared some couples special that involved crab cakes and filet mignon.  He is allergic to shellfish so we asked that the crab cakes be on a separate plate.  They forgot or whatever.  It wasn't a big deal and I moved them myself (and then they noticed and felt so bad).  I had the bread pudding.  I think I now have an obsession with bread pudding.  It was so rich/delicious/awesome.  Yummm. At the end of the meal the waiter asked if we wanted cigars.  I am not sure if he meant to buy or for free - really odd.  We declined either way.  The steak was cooked (nearly) exactly as we ordered it and they have you cut into it to make sure.  I said something about it being a little pink and the waiter nearly forced me to send it back.  I had to force him to let it go.  It was really great and the sides we ordered (I recommend the mushrooms with some sort of garlic sauce as a side) were fab too. So overall, the food was delicious. The waitstaff was happy to please.  The experience was positive and my fiance enjoyed his birthday meal.
5	I have been to a lot of restaurants.. and a lot of steakhouses.. and Del Frisco's takes the prize for both favorite restaurant and favorite steakhouse!I first visited last year and was very impressed but wasn't sure if we just lucked out.  You know what I am talking about, a "hit & miss" restaurant, you "hit" on your first visit, get really excited to go back only to get a horrible "miss" the next time.  I am happy to report Del Frisco is not such a restaurant!  I just visited again last week, and it even exceeded my already high expectations from my first visit.Things I have had so far:Appetizer: Crab Cake - take a note from Nike, and just do it.  It's epic.  The sauce they place it in is absolutely incredible and it doesn't have all that BS breading most places have.  On my second trip there was no way I could pass up having this delicacy again, so we ordered it again and were very very pleased.Entree: Filet Mignon - Medium Rare.  They cooked it PERFECTLY.  We noticed they have Crab Cakes on the entree menu and I think the next time we would split the Crab Cake Entree and the 12 oz filet for a real treat.  I am really not going to get to try the other items due to my high satisfaction with the ones we have already tried.Dessert: Bread Pudding & Yellow Cake.  Both incredible, but when it comes to desserts I am going to give that prize to Eddie V's and their Banana Foster.Drinks: Have tried their specialty cocktails and wine, service and taste were great on both.Service:  They make you feel like you are the only table in the restaurant.  I also like that it's not as stuffy as most steak houses, the staff is very down to earth.Ambiance: They even get high marks here, they have live classy music playing throughout dinner.  I  think of going to Vegas just to eat here again!!  10/10
5	The phenomenal service of the staff was only surpassed by the phenomenal food.  We had attentive service without being intrusive. Cozy and friendly atmosphere. Definitely will go back again.
5	I was absolutely amazed by the service and the food. I can't think of one bad thing to say . The lobster macaroni was amazing and so was the crab cake. Everything was made with fresh ingridents. It was easy to get a reservation and everyone was very friendly!!!
5	If its quality you want and money is no object. let me just save you a lot of time         "just book it "a lot more older croud then id like but hey who drops 1200-1400 on 4 ppl and a few bottles of wine old people.  and they make a night of it    not like us hit and run in a limo .     i honestly am trying to remember more but my circuits are fried
5	While in Vegas on business, had the opportunity to dine here....glad I did!  We had a group of seven who were all raving by the end of the evening (raving as in a good thing, mind you).I ordered a 20oz porterhouse - one of the more intrepid in our group ordered a 40oz porterhouse....(heart attack waiting to happen, one would think).  We all ordered different veggies, and we had various wines open around the table.The steaks were all cooked absolutely perfectly.  The veggies were awesome (so the group says...I stuck with a perfect baked potato with all the trimmings).  The wait stuff were absolutely stellar - almost, but not quite, to the hovering effect.  Wines stayed full, dishes were cleared immediately, and all of this without disrupting conversation.Overall, probably one of the top three steak experiences I've had in Vegas.  Recommended.
2	Over price, I cook better steaks than this place. Not too impressed at all. I ate the ribeye and my medium rare was over cooked more of a medium well. My girlfriend ate the filet mignon and that was so so. From what i read up about I had better. I tried the sides chateau potatoes were pretty good, but the spinach supreme I wasnt impressed with at all. Customer service was nice ate least at this place. It was really overpriced for the steak that I ordered.  And I wasnt to happy that for the price that I paid for my rib-eye it was over cooked badly. When I am paying 70$ to 90$ per a person for this place and you have over cooked meat of course I am upset! I went  with a group and some of them had really well cooked meat and mine was just over cooked and pretty dry. So I was just upset. Good thing I ate my friends wifes steak because she couldnt finish it. But for my steak that I ordered I wasnt too happy.
5	Perfect for a special occasion.  Excellent service, the steaks were delicious.  The pineapple VIP cocktail alone was worth the trip but you must try the lemon cake.
4	When I found out there was a restaurant in town that has a James Bond wine table I made the reservation imminently and ran there to stare at it. When I got there I found out the restaurant is actually a high end steak house and I thought to myself James Bond wine and good steak! How can life get any better? Well, unfortunately the wine is all specialty made and you cant drink it. But you can push the hidden button to make the table reveal its secret which was awesome! The service here was perfect! My glasses of wine and water never ran empty and the sommelier was at our table early without even asking to assist with the wine selection. The bartender accidently  charged our table for drinks we never ordered and when we brought this to the attention of our waiter the manager came over and comped our deserts for the mistake without us even asking which was great.As for the food: The crab cakes are a must, order many of them and enjoy! The lobster mac & cheese is also great very unhealthy and great. The steak however was just ok hence the lack of 5 stars. We had the double eagle bone in ribeye which was the best on their menu. It was by no means bad but I can think of a couple places that were much better, but those steak houses are much more expensive and often have less personal service.All and all I would absolutely return here for many reasons. It was a great experience and the check was not as bad as I would of expected for what we got. The food and service were great overall.
3	A friend highly recommended del frisco upon learning of our trip to vega.I checked out the yelp rating and was impressed with the 4.5 rating.Very good upscale old school restaurant. Nicely decorated and comfortable.After some consulting with our waiter Andrew we settled on splitting a bone in New York strip. Unfortunately for a prime cut and cost it was a bit grisly. However they were very apologetic and comped us 25% of the steak and a couple deserts to make up for it.The nice part was we only off handedly mentioned it to Anthony the wine guy. We didn't expect to be comped anything. So very nice gesture on there part.I recommend this place and would love to give more stars. I think they just tripped on this one. We'll be back to give it a go again
5	Stone crabs and the crab cakes appetizers rock! The staff are really on top of their game. The filet was excellent and I love the sauce that they put over it. Overall a great experience. Highly recommend.
5	I was originally introduced to Del Frisco's years and years ago in Denver, and really, really enjoyed it.  But alas, at the time, they didn't have anything closer than Denver (and as good as they are, going to Denver from LA is a bit much).I was very happy to see that they are now in Vegas (still a ways from LA, but closer).  And I was just as happy to see that the quality of the food and service is consistent.5 stars because they had my "most favorite" cut, the bone-in filet, off menu, for my visit.  Prepared beautifully.  A great experience.
5	Another great Del Frisco's! Food is excellent and so is the service. The steak and crab cake were superb, but they saved the best 'till last; the bread pudding! Highly recommended.
5	Steaks were amazing.  Had the bone in filet mignon, and it was very good.  Service was excellent.  Most steakhouses leave the sides on the table to serve it yourself.  Here they bring extra staff to serve the sides to each guest before they leave it on the table.  Great restaurant!
5	The best steakhouse PERIOD!  Service, relaxed, non pretentious, informed, well mannered staff.  The quality of the meats and seafood are second to none!  I've been to numerous steak houses throughout the country and not one comes close!!  My personal favorite: bone in filet!  Bon appetite!
4	This is a very good steak house just off the strip. Great ambiance. Amazing number of wait staff. Attentive but not excessive. My colleague and I both started with the special salad of the night and it was excellent! A chopped salad with a creamy basil dressing. With the bread it could have been a meal in itself.  For dinner I had the crab cakes which I was told was their most popular item. They were also excellent, two large mounds of crab with just enough filler to hold them together served with a spicy sauce. My colleague had the filet and it was good but not as tender as one would expect.For dessert I had the banana bread pudding and it was very good. Big enough to share. More cake-like than a traditional bread pudding.Like all high end Vegas steak houses this place is expensive, maybe a bit too expensive. In this price range you can do a bit better even in Vegas. So overall I give it four stars.
5	Came here for a bachelor party dinner.  Incredible is about all I can say.Service:  ExcellentAmbiance:  ExcellentDrinks:  ExcellentFood:  FANTASICI've had Ribeye and the Filet here, both were amazing.  The seafood appetizers were a little pricey but worth every penny.  They could probably start a separate restaurant just serving their lobster mac & cheese and I think it would do pretty well all by itself.  I think we ended up ordering 5 servings total, it was that good.
5	Wygu tomahawk steak was awesome. Will be back for more.
3	We had dinner there and found the place to be in need of an update. It is really over priced and the sides were not that great. The bread was not up to par, but the service was good.
4	We went on a Thursday night for date night.  The atmosphere is dark and intimate with live music playing lightly in the background.  The sommelier, while very helpful and tailored choices to our price range, kind of creepped up on us and never actually introduced herself to us.  She just stood over our shoulders and asked if we needed help.  It was an odd start, but after that she was friendly.Foodwise, the crab cakes were delicious and I'd go again just to order those!  We split a 26 oz double eagle bone in ribeye.  For being a double eagle steak house, our steak was good (moist and juicy sealed with a light char) , but I've had better.  We also ordered the asparagus and lobster mac & cheese.  The sides portions are pretty big and we ended up with a lot leftover.  Although we had leftovers, we still made room for warm banana bread pudding with a healthy scoop of ice cream on top.  It was a wonderful warm/cold contrast to seal off the night.The service was attentive and timely.  We did notice an error on our bill and pointed it out to our server.  Afterwards, the manager came over to apologize and advise us he took care of our dessert for the error.  It was definitely unexpected and confirmed their dedication to excellent customer service.We had heard rumors of the famed James Bond wine table here, so we asked the hostesses on the way out.  They were really nice and showed us the book with the special hidden button to open up the table and let us look around.  Although you can't drink any of the wine, it's definitely a sight to see.Del Frisco's gets my date night seal of approval.
2	I took my wife here for Valentine's Day/Anniversary. The restaurant was nice and the ambiance was good as well. However, we were not that impressed with the steaks. I've had much better for way less. The only high point of the meal was the lobster mac and cheese. The rest was just OK. We ordered a bake potato and they brought it out plain with no sides (sour cream, chives, bacon bits, cheese). At $8, it should come with all the fixings or at least ask if we would like it. We also ordered Lobster tails which were served with no butter. Even Red Lobster knows to serve lobster with butter. We asked for the server to bring us butter and after about 5 minutes, it arrived. Of all the high end steak houses we've been to, this was probably the least memorable. When you're paying the high premium to eat at these steak houses, it should be above average. Del Frisco was just plain mediocre.
5	Good Stuff- Very precise and warm place
3	Del frisco's has been a place I've had on my to go list for a while but finally had time to try it. I must say, with all the high ratings, I came in with a decent expectaion of the food so it might have hindered the experience but I didn't see why they would stand out above any other steak houses in Vegas.Had the lobster and upgraded the steak which was recommended by the server as she mentioned that it was delicious. The steak wasn't bad, just not a memorable type of steak I was hoping for. Their pasta was ok and the appetizers were ok. Again, nothing that really stood out. The service is ok, the ambiance was old school kind of place.
5	Had an amazing dinner last night celebrating my birthday. Food was amazing and their service exceeding my expectations! Will not mis a chance to go back here on my next trip to Las Vegas.
5	While the food here is beyond amazing, the real star at this restaurant is it's wonderful staff. We were in town celebrating our 2 year anniversary and not only did they give us a very sweet card, but literally every staff member that came to our table told us Happy Anniversary! Our waiter could not have been nicer or more lovely to talk to and even took us on a little tour of the restaurant's wine room after we had finished our meal. The food at Del Frisco's is insane. I ordered the Crab cakes and they were so delicious! The Cajun sauce they are served on is to die for. My boyfriend had the Porterhouse and it was perfection! We chose the corn and famous lobster mac n cheese for our sides and were extremely happy with both, though we both favored the corn as it had more flavor. A nice surprise slice of their lemon cake was given to us at the end of our meal and while neither of us really even like lemon cake, we devoured it because it was so good!Yes, this place is a little pricey. You definitely get what you pay for here though because the service and the food are impeccable. Del Frisco's is definitely a must and absolutely worth the splurge!
1	Stay away!  This place is absolutely awful.  We decided to give Del Frisco's a try since it is a different name from what we are used to in LA.  The service is awful and pretentious.  The food is mediocre at best.  The pricing is downright predatory.  The shrimp cocktail tasted stale as if it sat in the fridge all day.  The filet mignon was tough and was overcooked and overseasoned.  The mixed drinks were weak.  The wine list does not offer an adequate international selection.  They gouge you on the bill.  The prices are high enough, and we would have not minded paying if the quality matched.  They even charged for the bernaise sauce for my filet!  There is a reason that this place does not come up on the top lists for Las Vegas on Zagats etc...  Spend your money elsewhere.
5	Stellar.  This place outshines all Vegas eateries.  Don't plan to arrive and leave quickly.  Dinner is served slowly so it can be enjoyed.  A bit spendy but totally worth it!
5	highly upscale steakhouse, it is classy and romantic too. people have to go this place one in their life !!
4	Had a very enjoyable dinner and great service too!
5	We had dinner here last night''food is always amazing and the staff''''Awesome service!   The one BIG that that bothers me is the awfull sewer smell '''You can smell it as soon as you get out of your car and the smell lingers in the resturant:{This is the only reason I would think twice about going again'' Sewer smell''yuck
5	Fantastic!  Great service. Bond table was a great addition.
5	My favorite steakhouse EVER! Best filet, mashed potatoes and salads ever! Did I say my favorite steakhouse EVER!
5	excellent service. we were promptly seated for our reservation. it was my moms birthday and i took the family out. i forgot what everyone got but i had the prime rib medium rare. it was more on the medium well, but still a very good steak. had some shrimp appetizers with different toppings. they brought out a complementary carrot cake for my mom's birthday. was very very rich. had a live pianist playing. was upset my favorite host wasnt there. =( next time monsey!
5	Great food. Great service.
5	Better food and service than the LV hotel "name" hot spots.  Our group tried several and liked this one best by far.  No view. No flash.  No attitude.  Just excellent menu, food, and service.  This one we would do again.
5	This is in one of the top ten best meals I have ever had. My wife and I agree we cant find a better steak in town. The service was impeccable and the restaurant spotless.Thanks for a fantastic evening Del Frisco!
3	Restaurant is off the strip on Paradise road like Ruth Chris and Morton's. They serve awesome bone-in ribeye that was perfectly seared medium rare. I ordered a Red Drum (which is similar to red snapper) and it was delicioso. I also ordered the recommended VIP (vodka in fresh pineapple) martini and I enjoyed it, but felt a little lemon sweet would have helped the taste, which was on the sweet side. We split a chopped salad and baked potato and again, way to much left over food but still had room for the highly recommended lemon cake which I am glad we tried. The buttercream frosting was the best part of the dessert. coffee is good here too. Service was just as nice as at the Mastro's Ocean Club. Prices were the same, but they did offer a Sunday dinner special for 2 at $99 which was a nice option. (I just don't like a filet mignon) I would definitely come back to this restaurant for its service, quality of food and decor.
5	Came for my husband's birthday and we weren't disappointed! Some of the best steak I've had!! And the service was amazing which topped off a perfect night.-Crab Cakes: almost pure crab meat, so delicious. Recommend for two people to share as a appetizer-Filet Mignon: So tender and juicy and just mouth wateringly delicious. The night we went, they offered a Mignon sampler. Three 4oz steaks prepared 3 different ways. AMAZING! Just outrageous! -Dessert: Lemon cake! It was complimentary because it was my husband's birthday. It was good, but I don't know if I would pay $11 for it normally. It's a HUGE portion, so maybe make sure you have at least 4 people to share it with.
4	I love steak, and when I travel, always take the opportunity to try a new place. I've tried many in Las Vegas, and Del Frisco's is right up there with the best.  It's off the strip and in its own free standing building, which is nice to get away from the casino crowds now and then. I had the rib eye (no bone) and it was definitely one of the better. I'm not ready to give it a "best" rating, but it was damn good. What made the evening so fantastic was the service. Some steak places have the older guys in white coats and black pants that seem more rushed than attentive; our Del Frisco's waiter was very attentive, took time to talk us through our questions and let us enjoy our meal at a casual pace. If you enjoy trying new steak places while in Vegas, definitely add Del Frisco's to the list.
5	Started off with a house specialty cocktail--pineapple infused vodka martini.  Just right.  For dinner, a fantastic Porterhouse (cooked to perfection), preceded by a fabulous crab cake and ceaser salad.  As a side, asparagus.  I requested they grill it--no problem or hesitation, and the spears were charred but still slightly crisp, just as they should be.  Service was fantastic, from hostess to bus person, to waitperson.  Nice glass of Napa cab at a fair price and they even had my favorite desert--a Vintage Port (with a generous pour).  Highly recommend.  If you're looking for a cheap night out, however, don't bother with the drive.
4	It has been a few years so it's time for an update!  Del Frisco is still a fantastic steak option and probably the best chain steakhouse I've been to.  The one star off is only because other steak restaurants have raised the bar even higher in Vegas.  We dined with a friend that's a regular so the host just brought over several plates of appetizers of his choosing which included crabcakes, shrimp cocktail, fried calamari and onion rings.  All of them were great with the crabcakes being my favorite.  The sauce was boss!!I got the prime ribeye medium rare and even though it was good, it's just not five stars anymore.  Not when famed NYC butcher Pat LaFrieda is shipping his monster cuts to the likes of Gordon Ramsay and Old Homestead right up the street.  My wife got the filet mignon rare with the cold center as always.  She was very satisfied with her steak.Saving room for the lemon cake is an absolute must.  It was the biggest reason why I worked out before coming here!  One slice is good for four people.  Don't get me wrong.  I won't be bitching and moaning if someone suggests coming here but I've got to put things in perspective.  This isn't the #1 restaurant in Las Vegas.  I'd say it's a top 10 steak in town.  But when you add the terrific service and nice atmosphere you've still got a solid, solid dinner for an evening.
5	I try with every ounce of my spirit to make it out to Del Frisco's whenever I'm in Vegas (and sometimes even subconsciously organize trips there for the sole reason of hitting it up) and my most recent visit last week did not cease to please me with the salty fatty goodness of a proper porterhouse seldom attainable in my hometown of SF. Most of the group went with the various filet mignon cuts offered (including a sampler special), and while I wasn't quite hungry enough to get the full double eagle (32oz), the classic porterhouse was done up just right, a red but not bloody medium, and delicious sides that are wholly unnecessary.Last time I was here was the first time I ate (and had room for) dessert -- we had the molten chocolate cake. Very decadent but not overdone, and served with a scoop of ice cream to play off the warm of the cake and provide light contrast visually and flavorfully. Nothing amazing compared to the steak, but nice to split if you are in the mood.Note: this place cooks their stake on the rare side, so usually it's a good idea to kick up your preferences by a point (i.e. get medium if you usually prefer medium-rare).
3	Really good. A solid 3.5Steak was good. Try it with the foie gras butter. Really enjoyed the lobster Mac and cheese.Best part - the smoking patio and a really good selection of cigars.
4	Del Frisco's is a great example of a classic steakhouse.  It's got a huge mahogany (or appears to be mahogany anyway) bar, classic menu items, and excellent service.  We have been to this particular location many times, and I've also eaten at one in Dallas.This Del Frisco's may have the best crabcakes I've eaten.  Just fantastic, and it's hard to call anything a "value" at a place this pricey, but you certainly get a lot of crab meat for the price.  My wife has had the blue cheese wedge salad which is a hit.  It's large, and the blue cheese is of excellent quality.  Very veiny and flavorful.I typically get the bone in ribeye when it's available at any steakhouse.  It's usually one of the largest cuts on the menu, and is very flavorful.  Del Frisco's offering is no different.  We have had probably a half dozen of the sides, but the onion rings and lobster mac n cheese stand out.The wine list can be high, but there are bottles on the list that can give you a great pairing to your steak.  As noted above, the service never lacks.  Water glasses rarely get half way empty, much less all the way empty.  And, it's a nice relaxed meal, they aren't rushing you.  There are a bunch of great steakhouses in Vegas, and this location of Del Frisco's can hold it's own with the vast majority of them.  Recommended.
5	Travis, Chris and Tony made the excellent food and decor really sing in harmony. This was a flawless experience and the glasses were never empty and glances never ignored.
5	Had surf and turf and it was ridiculous! One best steaks I have had! And I have had a lot of steak at a lot of restaurants. Must go here if in area, I haven't ate at any of the other ones.
4	The veal porterhouse served rare is probably the juiciest, tenderest steak I've ever had. Really flavorful too. Don't get too many appetizers, we got crab legs, crab cakes, and a bunch of others thinking they would be small, but some of the appetizers are big enough to be entrees for multiple people. You will not be able to eat your steak if you get too many. Service is really great, very attentive and friendly without being disruptive at all.
5	This place is amazing! We just wrapped our trade show and went out to celebrate! Looking for Ruth's Chris but stumbled onto this place. We weren't really dressed well enough for this atmosphere but everyone, from the valet to the manager made us feel right at home. Service was excellent and the salads, steaks and baked potatoes were incredible. Even staff just walking by our table would smile at us! I figured since we were in shorts and T Shirts we would get snubbed! Not here! This place gets 5 stars easily! It made our celebration that much better!! We will definitely make this restaurant a 'must go' on each visit to Vegas!
5	No complaints here. Group of 4 had bone-in ribeye, bone-in filet, and (2) regular ribeyes. Took a bite of others'... My bone-in ribeye was by far the best. It seemed like the ticker cut allowed the outside to be crispier while keeping the medium inside. Wife's thinner cut and medium-rare inside didn't have the same crispy sear. Lobster mac, and creamed spinich were both excellent and came in large portions.  I personally didn't think the lemon cake everyone raves about was all that, but the rest of the table seemed to enjoy it til it's death. 5 stars because it was the best steak I've had in many years. Service was excellent as well. They did show me the "Bond" table, but I was unimpressed.
5	One of my favorite steakhouses ( musashi ) just happened to be closed when I went. I was craving a steak and noticed that there was a steakhouse across the street called Del Frisco's. I usually do homework on restaurants before I go so I can have an idea of what to expect. Decided to just go and I was happy I did! The ambiance is great. The decor is modern and chic. The steak was amazing! They offered a 32oz bone in wagyu rib eye! I was in heaven! It was very tender and juicy! You can taste the quality of the meat with every bite! The service was great. Very attentive and polite and courteous. After dinner they asked how everything was and I said it was amazing. They asked for my address so they could thank me and remember to not forget about them.  A few weeks passed and I get a letter thanking me for trying them out and hoped I had a great experience. The letter was hand written and added such a touch of class to the restaurant that I will definitely be a returning customer from here on.
5	Let me start off by saying their crab cakes are AMAZING!! Me and my boyfriend celebrated our 6th year anniversary at this location and we both enjoyed our meal very much, but what really won us over were their crab cakes! Our waiter was very knowledgeable and recommended the porterhouse and ribeye which were both very good. The lobster mac and cheese was very filling and very tasty. Love the whole experience. Will be back!
2	Had  reservations and was sat on time. I have been a big fan of Del Friscos other locations in NYC and Orlando. I am local and have eaten here before, probably 2 1/2 years ago. This particular visit was less than stellar. The fried oyster appitizer was very small. In Orlando and NYC which I ate at a couple years ago, the oysters were in abundance and falling off the plate. I don't know if slow times have caused them to cut back at this location? Calamari appetizer was ok, nothing to write home about. Now on to the main course. The prime ribeye we both ordered was for Medium. It came out still very red in the middle, was medium rare. We sent it baxck to be cooked up a little bit. Then when they brought it back out, it ended up being Medium well. We were hungry and didn't say anything. Steak was still good, just not the temperature we wanted.  For a class of steakhouse like Del Frisco's, typically a manager would have come out and stop by the table when food is sent back. Even at Outback Steakhouse a manager will come by the table when food is sent back to the kitchen. No manager ever came by. Obviously bad service there, perhaps we woudl have mentioned that the steak was now overcooked. It was very visibly light pink to brown center. The creme spinach side used to be piled high, once again, don;t know if the economy is hurting this locatation but the serving portion that typically serves 2 comfortably, left us unsatisfied. And at $12.50 for spinach, this was actually insulting. End result, we will probably not come back here agian next time we want steak. The service and quality fo food has gone down. Could it have been just a bad experience on this particular visit? Sure, but too many thinsg were different from our last visit to make us want to come back again. And in Vegas folks, there is no lack of excellent steakhouses. I however will go back to the one in NYC and Orlando, just never again in Vegas. our server was good at least. Mastros Ocean Club in the Cystals shopping center is much better. Been there twice and both consistant good service and food quality and portions for the money. I would refer them 1st over Del Frisco's.
4	One of my favorite steakhouses to visit in Las Vegas. I have been to Del Frisco's a few times now, and it is always a great experience. This most recent trip for a birthday celebration was really nothing short of great. I even actually opted for seafood this night over red meat.. long week of t-bones and lamb.. haha.. random week.. but anyway. The quality of the food is fantastic. The service was spot on without being pretentious or rude, and the overall experience was really pretty wonderful. The staff really made us feel great.. and made every effort to keep our drinks full, bread basket overflowing and meals served promptly. Seriously, i can say nothing else other than it's also pretty fantastic that they are located off-Strip and thus, requires that you do not have to deal with a huge parking garage. While they have valet available, the parking lot is like 50 feet from the front door if you want to just walk. I will be back.. again and again.
5	Probably the best steak I've ever had!!!My sole purpose for this Vegas trip was to go to this steak house. And if you like steaks, then this place won't disappoint. Make reservations!Service here is top notch. My server Cinea was such a delight. She was very hospitable and ensured that my needs were taken care of. She even gave me some complimentary potatoes au gratin to compliment my steak.Again I probably ate the best steak ever. I ordered the 22 ounce, bone in rib eye. No additional seasonings besides the ones they already added were needed, but I oped for their special $5 truffle butter sauce. They have other butter sauces, but the butter sauce was just a bonus that made the steak extra special. Again, not needed but it made it more than spectacular.I finished that steak wanting more. Cinea mentioned about the 32 ounce Wagyu steak. Had I known about that earlier, I probably would have chosen that one instead ($90). Besides the main course, I also got the The VIP, their signature cocktail drink with pineapple juice. Tasted pretty good. The crabcakes were pretty awesome with the spicy sauce. Try dipping the complimentary bread on that sauce. Good stuff.For dessert, I got the Del Frisco's coffee which also has kahlua and some other sweet alcohol. And as for the banana bread pudding, it was rich and decadent. I couldn't finish it because it was pretty big, but highly recommended.On my next Vegas trip, I'm coming back, but this time I'm gonna try that 32 ounce Wagyu. If I'm in one of the other cities that has a Del Frisco's I'll be stopping by there as well.
4	This place has great reviews, but I just don't know if it lives up to the hype.  It is very good but not great.  The appetizers were very good and the service was excellent.The steak was a little dry and WAY too much pepper.  I felt like it was poor excuse for seasoning.  I gave it four stars because, although the rest of the experience was awesome, it is all about the steak right?!Go check it out, you'll be happy you did.  But, there are better options out there.
3	Four for dinner. 2nd time here in about a year. Probably wont cone back here Voluntarily. The oso buco was average. The Cod special was ok; Cod was really pungent and if it wasn't for the micro greens salad, it would have been unbearable. But the stone crab was delicious. Lobster Mac and cheese was just as good as I remembered it from last time. Service was average but not exceptional. We sat with empty waters and dirty dishes. No food/flavor check from anyone except from our main server.
5	Wow the 2nd best steak I've ever had.  Only behind the great Bern's Steakhouse in Tampa.  This is a bad thing, because I will never come to Vegas again without eating here.  A truly great steak is something special that you don't take for granted.  Once again folks get off the strip, and explore some of the best restaurants in town without the celebrity chef's name attached to it.I've had Del Frisco's bookmarked for a while now and the only thing that kept me away is that I found out it was a chain, so how good can it be?  There are lots of Prime Steakhouse chains and while they are all pretty good, they aren't really that special.  Well this chain is small, only 10 locations.  I hope they keep it that way to keep up the quality.  We decided to really give the place a try and went with their signature special steaks.  The 32 oz Wagyu Tomahawk Bone in Rib Eye ($90), The 16 oz Bone in Filet Mignon ($60), and the Filet Mignon 3 ways ($60).The 32 oz Wagyu just melted in your mouth.  I'm not usually a Rib Eye fan, but the marbling on the Wagyu is a beautiful thing.  I love steaks medium rare with a warm red center.  Our excellent server Tatyana, told us that the chef recommended going one degree more and ordering medium.  This way the excess marbling has a change to "melt" into the beef as it cooks.  I read a few reviews, that complained about this steak being too fatty.  I'm guessing they didn't take the chef's advice.  When cooked properly a Wagyu steak's fat content has a wonderful texture to it that just blends perfectly with a beef.  This steak was pure heaven and like I said, the 2nd best steak I've ever eaten.  Yes it's expensive but, at 32 oz, big enough to share with others.  I would share this steak, before going with one of their regular steaks.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/del-friscos-double-eagle-steak-house-las-vegas-2#QnGNcJnSUIKmtRx5-D5fOwThe 16 oz bone in Filet Mignon, isn't one of their regular steaks.  It's a much higher quality Filet than the other steaks on the menu.  Again splurge for this steak or you are missing what makes Del Frisco's special.  Served right on the tail of the Porterhouse bone, it's awesome and you are getting a large filet as they don't waste too much of the weight with the bone.  It pairs very well with the Wagyu and you will be happy going back and forth between them. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/del-friscos-double-eagle-steak-house-las-vegas-2#uUtykR97bd0p9_sMrBSkQwThe Filet Trio, while nice, seemed fairly ordinary compared to the other two steaks.  The steak quality here was similar to other prime steakhouses, but were seasoned a little more boldly.  My favorite of the 3, was the Brie Filet.  Melt Brie on anything and it's a hit.  The Huge Broiled Shrimp was slightly over cooked, and the oscar while ok, wasn't to the level of the steak it's self. Each was a good size 4oz filet.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/del-friscos-double-eagle-steak-house-las-vegas-2#7NRMtJHyxBEUaJLC7EB-QQIf you want insurance that your steak will be special, order a side of the truffle butter.  This is melted table side and is amazing.  It isn't needed for the Wagyu or Bone in Filet, but a few bites here and there didn't hurt.  It definitely brought the Filet trio up to another level, as well as the Potato Wedges that came with my daughter's cheeseburger. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/del-friscos-double-eagle-steak-house-las-vegas-2#0pPPADGYUQ0GMgvAZjKMKgSpeaking of the cheeseburger, it's prime ground beef and was well seasoned.  If you are in Vegas for a few days, it wouldn't be wrong to come back and sit at the bar and enjoy this big burger with a few tasty sides. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/del-friscos-double-eagle-steak-house-las-vegas-2#PxzVgtdoc2OMmXJMGWB2mQOf the 3 side dishes we shared, the Potatoes Au Gratin were the only one that really stood out.  So cheesy with a nice strong cheddar and perfectly cooked cubed potatoes.  It was everything the Lobster Mac & Cheese should have been.  Not cheesy at all and more like a Lobster Mac & Bechamel, pretty bland.  The Mushrooms nothing special either.Read way too many reviews not to share a slice of the 6 layer lemon cake with buttercream frosting.  It's big enough to share with a few people for sure.  Very moist and along with a dessert wine could be a great ending to a special meal. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/del-friscos-double-eagle-steak-house-las-vegas-2#H2gQ4_Ti4oHafcxn3UH3lwIf you are a steak lover, make sure you bump Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House high up on your to do list.  Bookmark now and you'll thank me later!
4	If I could make this a 4.5 star, that is what this would be.  My food was great, service was great.  Like the Voss sparkling water, better than Perrier.  When asked if I was on a time schedule, I should have stated that I didn't want a 3 hour experience this time - my mind began to wander after passing into the 2 hour mark...after all, you're in Vegas baby!
3	I was excited to go here as most reveiws were very good and I have been to many top level steak houses around the country.  However, the food/night did not live up to my expectations. The ribeye ordered was overcooked. To the credit of Del Frisco staff they were very apoligetic and make me another. The problem was the next one was undercooked. They then just cooked it a bit longer which always sucks the juices out. Once again they were very apoligetic and not only gave me a free dessert but also did not charge me for the steak.  I found the bread to be good not great,  I found the ceasar salad to be good not great.  I found the onion rings to be very good but the mashed potatoes poor.  The lemon cake mediorce, very plain. The banana bread pudding was outstanding. Service was outstanding.  Lots of pluses and minuses.  May give another shot.
4	Came here for a bachelor party. Great service and great food. We were loud, had the drinks flowing, and there were no problems.  Bachelor enjoyed it and that's all that mattered.
5	This is a no brainer review.  Go if you have an unlimited expense account.  One of the best Ribeyes I have ever had.  The sides were good.  Great wine list!  Go look at the Bond Wine Table!   Service was impecable!
4	Had a great dinner there. Great Ambience. Very good service. Loved my NY Steak.Friend liked his bone in Filet. Loved the Sweet potato side dish.  Bread was just fair.Head chef came over and chatted with us, what a nice treat.
3	Aaaaaaaa... so disappointed in giving this place 3 stars... mainly because it's partly my fault and mostly theirs... First I have to give 5 stars plus for the staff, waitress, for making the dining experience top notch... when my son's girlfriends steak was under done they immediately took it back to make it right... they then brought us another side dish to compensate us for the wait... the waitress found out my daughter was graduating and brought out the lemon cake (which was the best dessert) along with our other two desserts we had ordered, fully comped... the service was as good as Mastro's steak house where we live in Costa Mesa...So why the 3 stars?The Wagyu 32 oz. bone in ribeye was 2 stars... for $90 you'd expect non-chewy texture, like the Mastro's 32 oz. bone in ribeye for half the price... I was expecting melt in your mouth over the top steak just like the service and staff were... unfortunately, each bite had sinew strands throughout... I've had better pieces of meat at Costco... and this is where it's my fault... I needed to say something to them... if I did they would have tried to fix it or probably would have comped me for the dinner... but I felt guilty for complaining to them because that's just not me... I don't complain... I'm Japanese, I smile a lot, say it's good, but never return if it's bad... especially if I spent $100 per person for steak... My son split the Double Eagle ribeye and unfortunately it was also tough... my daughter ordered the filet and it was great... I should have listened to the waitress, I think she was trying to steer me to the filet... she did mention she enjoyed the filet because of the texture and she did not like the "chew" of the ribeye... hmmmmmmmm... that was the tip... never heard someone say "chew" for an expensive cut of meat before... but "chew" is the perfect description of what I had... and unfortunately, "chew" is not what you would want to pay for.I probably would have given this place 2 stars because that's how bad the rib eye was but I have to give this place 3 stars because that's how good the staff was...I'm sad I won't be back... but glad Mastro's Steakhouse is in my neck of the woods... never tried Mastro's here, but did try the Mastro's Seafood house in Newport Beach... and experienced the samething as Del Frisco's... great service... bad steak... so I don't want to try the one in Vegas...What I noticed about steak in Vegas is... over priced and not as good a quality... I don't think I will eat steak in Vegas anymore... period.
5	One of the best meals we ever had.  Can't rave about it enough. The VIP martini was awesome. Rochelle was our waitress and she was great. Must try this restaurant if you are in Vegas. Not cheap though so bring a full wallet.
4	I really liked this place.  Overall if you've been to a fancy steakhouse, you'll pretty much get what you expected.  It's a little louder of an atmosphere than other steakhouses I've been to.  Overall the quality is great, but if there's anything that stands out at this place over all the other items they offered at this steakhouse, its one thing. The ONION RINGS!OMG, I have never had onion rings as good as the ones I've had here.  I even had some leftover and ate it the next morning as breakfast and they were still awesome.  I don't know why no one can make onion rings like this anywhere else, but I'd say it's worth the $10 or more they charge for them.  I've never had such a chewy delicious oniony ring before!  I think if it were possible, I'd just drop by and order a side of onion rings as a snack if that were proper because they were THAT GOOD!   Again everything else was great, but the onion rings really wowed me!
4	After hearing people talk about how great Del Frisco's is for a long time now, I finally tried it last night (Sunday, May 19) for the first time. I have to admit, I am usually a bit skeptical of chains - especially since we live in a city of top-notch steakhouses - but I was very impressed with the food! I was there for a friend's graduation dinner, so we had a private room in the back which made it easy to give toasts, etc.We arrived a little late, so we missed trying the appetizers, but everyone said they were good! I tried the house salad, which had a really yummy avocado dressing, and also the Caesar, which was standard but good. I ordered the Ribeye steak and it was very very tasty! The rub on it had a LOT of salt and pepper, which might be a problem for some people, but I loved it. They asked us all to cut into our steaks before the waiters left so they could fix any problems, but there didn't seem to be any. Even my husband, who likes his steak cold rare, was happy:) The desserts I tried were fine (cheesecake and chocolate mousse), but I would skip them next time - nothing special.Overall, I can't say I think Del Frisco's is as good as some of the places on the strip (I love CraftSteak at MGM and STK at the cosmo) but it certainly holds its own and I would definitely go back.
4	Had a reservation for 7 hungry men after a long day at the beach club.I'll be honest.  I think most high-end steak houses are the same.  I truly believe that what separates them are the sides and appetizers, so I'll start there.Probably the best crab cake I've ever had.  It was basically an enormous lump of crab with just enough consistency to keep it in 'cake' form.  The sauce that came with the cake was absolutely phenomenal.Lobster mac and cheese was equally incredible.The asparagus was rather plain.  It appeared to be simply steamed without much to it.  I prefer mine with oil and garlic.  The creamed spinach is good, but the same as you'd find at other steak houses, although the addition of bacon is a pretty nice touch.I'm rather used to having porterhouses for 2 (or 3 or 4, etc), so I decided to have the porterhouse for 1.  Perhaps I've gotten spoiled but I've gotten so used to seeing my porterhouse sliced up that having to do it on my own really felt like a chore.  Call me a baby in a grown man's body.Otherwise, the steak was cooked perfectly, and had a nice progression of rare-ness as I got closer to the bone.  By the end of the night, I was eating with my hands and the bone was cleaner than what a dog would have done.  The other guys I were with seemed to enjoy theirs as well.We all had been drinking all day, attempted to sober up for a few hours, and so no one wanted to see or smell a drink during our meal.  Overall this actually really saved us on the bill and our fine meal hardly broke the bank.As for the service, our server Ryan was excellent and we enjoyed the banter, while our sides were plated for us very nicely by the rest of his crew.
4	I am not much of a steakhouse fan, but I was cordially invited by Randal R. and his family to celebrate his graduation of dual masters degrees, an amazing feat!  The entire state of California seems to be related to him, so we had a sizable group in a private room.  Service was magnificent, and server Andrew knew this family well from its history with Del Frisco's.  This family racks up DF dining points like Eric R. obsesses over credit card points!I enjoyed rose sparkling wine in the celebratory mode.  We started off with shrimp cocktail (which has this amazing shallot-butter sauce that was so yummy) and tuna tartare with toasts that had olive tapenade on them!  I believe there was a crudite tray but I did not seek it out.Due to our large group, we had a set menu to choose from that was printed nicely at each place setting.  I started off with the house salad sans bacon, which came with avocado goddess dressing...yes!  Eric R. got the classic Caesar with anchovies.  Next, we both got filet (there were many entree options, but for steak 8 oz filet or 16 oz ribeye).  The filet was flavorful, perfectly tender, and cooked exactly like we wanted.  I ate my entire steak....yum!The sides for the table included skillet potatoes (essentially house made chips) with caramelized onions on top (yes!) and green beans with garlic, also very good.  For dessert, a choice between strawberry cheesecake and chocolate mousse.  I had the mousse, and it was rather decadent.  I really enjoyed the experience, especially our visit to the James Bond table.This restaurant is a labyrinth though, enormous and full of happy eaters.  When we got there it was early and quiet, but when I had to look for the restroom I got lost in a maze of people and hallways.  What a delicious way to celebrate educational success!
5	Del Frisco's is as good as it gets in my opinion.  With some serious dieting ahead of both Terri R and I, a weekend of cheat meals filled our calendar.  I have to be honest, I originally wanted Ruth Chris but they were booked this evening.  So, I ended up making reservations here solely based on other Yelper's reviews.  Great choice Mel! Pat myself on my back time. First of all, service was top notch.  It all started with the lovely and very nice, Priscilla.  From start to finish, she was delightful, helpful, and made our dining experience that much better.  Along with great service from Priscilla, we received the same type service from everyone serving the food.  This place is stacked with employees that go out of their way to make you feel like you and your date are the only ones in the restaurant.  Your unsightly empty dishes are swept away with the quickness and they even clean up around you with their handy dandy table swifters.  All this pampering during dinner and you wouldn't even notice it until they're goneNow for the food.  We got their Prime Pair, which is their $49 per person Prix Fixe. This is a special only running through Labor Day so hurry up peeps.  This is a great deal. Prime Par (Prix Fixe)1.  Salads:  You get your choice of salads from their Del's, Wedge, or Caesar.  We both got their Caesar. Although it was good, it was a just a beast to eat since it wasn't chopped.  Terri worked her way through the salad and I didn't because I thought it was too much work. Not docking Del's because you don't go to a steakhouse and review their salad. 2.  Dinner Bread:  Nothing special here.  You get a loaf of their sesame bread.  For a place that serves quality food, the bread was less than average.  But again, you don't come to a steak house for bread.  3.  The entree is an 8 oz hand cut Filet Mignon with your choice of crab cakes, shrimp, or scallops.  I had the crab cakes, which is drenched in lobster sauce.  My goodness....this was delicious.  Terri had the shrimp and she said it was delicious as well.  She offered, but I was focused on my meal.  Now for the filet mignon....this was the 1st highlight.  Great tasting filet, high protein, and tasted like any other top notch steakhouse out here.  I mean it.  This steak can give Ruth Chris a run for their money and it's probably a tad healthier since it's not drenched in butter.  Their steaks didn't have that melt in your mouth feel, but it did have that taste of a well prepped filet. 4.  Sides:  You also have a choice of sides that included potatoes, spinach, mushrooms, and corn. We got the potatoes, mushrooms, and for an additional cost, added their Lobster Mac N Cheese.  The 2nd highlight to this evening had to be their Lobster Mac.  Creamy/cheesy mac, lobster chunks, and a hint of lobster sauce describes this. Tough to explain, but it's probably the best lobster mac that I have ever had.  Overall, I am giving Del Frisco's 5 stars because I expected just an okay, above average dining experience and obviously got more.  I was so consumed with my beautiful date and superb dining experience, I even forgot to snap a few photos.  But at a place like this, photos would just ruin the experience anyway. Looking for filet mignon, a great dining experience, and somewhere off the strip...look to Del Frisco's.  You won't be disappointed.
5	I died, went to heaven and they served me a Del Frisco filet.It's either that or it's because I don't usually eat meat, this steak is comparable to that of other high end steakhouses. Don't take my word for it, you should try this place even if steak isn't your thing. Here's why. Del Frisco's chopped salad: with iceberg lettuce, shredded carrots and other leafy vegetables, a creamy ranch dressing, it is topped with crumbled blue cheese and two long strips of bacon. Yes, actual strips of bacon! This salad was the perfect size to start off your meal.Calamari: Don't expect this item to be your typical fried and slightly seasoned calamari. The calamari is breaded and fried, then mixed with a tangy hot and sweet sauce. Very unexpected. Very savory and very delicious!Crab cakes: 100% all crab meat with no unnecessary ingredients to distract you. Baked in a delicious creamy lobster sauce. Rich and fulfilling and oh so good!!!After the appetizers, I ordered items from the pre fixe menu which includes an 8 oz. filet, spinach supreme and scallops. While the scallops were too salty for my taste, the steak was an experience all in itself. At medium rare, it melted in my mouth at just the right combination and amount of seasoning. Del Frisco knows its steak as this steak deserves an applause!Finally, I got to experience one of the most important items on the menu: the banana bread pudding. After a short period of high anticipation and excitement, it arrived at our table on a rather big plate. With a scoop of ice cream and a scoop of whip cream on top, it sat a top a layer of caramel sauce. So decadent, so rightly sweet, this bread pudding can beat any competitions any day!As we walked our the door, I noticed this place looks rather mediocre on the inside. And of course, the James Bond table was a fun thing to experience. ;)
5	Had an amazing experience trying Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House. My husband and I decided to celebrate our 1 year wedding anniversary at this establishment. The restaurant has a very nice ambiance with a beautiful dining room and full bar. There was also someone playing piano which gave it a touch of class. We were promptly seated and greeted by our waitress Jen. She was one of the nicest and most informative server's we have ever had the pleasure of meeting. Jen was extremely nice and explained the menu in great detail, and answered all of our questions. She wished us a Happy Anniversary, and made us feel right at home with this being our first visit. We started with two cocktails. I had a very good margarita on the rocks, and my husband had a blackberry cocktail with fresh muddled blackberries, bourbon, crushed mint and ginger beer. Delicious!. We followed that with an appetizer of Steak Tar tare. It was very good and quite spicy, served with a side of garlic bread. Then on to the entrees. I had the 16 oz. Australian cold water lobster tail served with hot drawn butter. I also got a side of truffle butter which was excellent with the lobster, but even better with the amazing steak I'm about to describe next. My husband ordered the best steak either one of us have ever had. It's not on the menu. Granted it isn't cheap. $90 dollars! But if you like steak, do yourself a favor and try it once. It is a 32oz bone in Wagyu sirloin cut. It has an amazing marbling content and aged to create a flavor that is indescribable. The steak comes out cooked perfectly and was out of this world delicious. It was so big that even with 2 of us sharing it we still had leftovers. As a side dish we had the creamed spinach with bacon pieces. A nice compliment to the entrees. As a very nice touch, Tony surprised us with a complimentary piece of there 7 layer lemon ice cake, with a candle lit for our anniversary. A very nice touch to end a wonderful evening.                                                                                                                                      If you are looking for a place to spend a special evening no matter what the occasion, give Del Frisco's a try. The food is delicious and the staff is beyond friendly, informative, and very professional. We also signed up to be on their email list, which entitles you to special offers, and future discounts. Just an incredible restaurant to spend a special evening!! Then to top it off. A few days later we received a nice hand written card by our wonderful servers thanking us for our visit. Have never had anyone go the extra mile like that. A very professional establishment that cares about their customers and want you to have a great experience and keep you as a repeat customer.
4	I had my very first steak experience at Del Frisco's for my boyfriend's 21st birthday in Vegas. He's somehow slowly turned me onto beef, and this was the perfect place to try the highly lauded steak. First of all, the sesame seed bread that is served before the meal is incredible. We went through almost 3 rolls before our food even got there! We also tried their signature martini that had a great pineapple flavor. I had one of their specials of the day, which included two jumbo shrimp and an 8 oz filet mignon. The meat was perfectly tender and juicy. I'm not a huge meat lover, so the portion was just enough to not be over the top. We also shared a lobster mac and cheese that was a little too creamy and cheesy for me, but it was overflowing with tender pieces of lobster. Since we were celebrating a birthday, they gave us a piece of their lemon cake on the house. It was a huge slice, and the texture of the cake was dense in the perfect way. The frosting wasn't overwhelming, with just a thin layer between each of the six layers of cake. As a poor college student, this kind of dining experience only comes around once in awhile. The service was extremely attentive and the food was probably too high-quality for me to recognize! I now have exceedingly high standards for steak, so if I can ever come back I definitely will.
5	Having been to Vegas more than several times, eventually you get tired of the food on the strip even if it is the best dinner buffet of all the hotels on the strip. So I asked my friend who goes there for business for one of his recommendations on where a member of the Rat Pack may have dined (although Vegas has changed so much since those days, and even since the last time I've been there!).Forget Gordon Ramsay's "Steak" - go to a real steakhouse in Del Frisco's! Even if they are not unique to Vegas (check their website for all their locations), the experience felt like Vegas.I don't really know where to start because everything from the moment we walked in to going out the door was fantastic.Service - it was all hands on deck as we had a server and host for every aspect of the meal and they were each genuinely attentive. We were "personally" served by at least 5 different people for our party of 4. Drinks - not a large drink menu, but each drink was made to perfection. For me it was the perfect opportunity to order Don Draper's drink of choice - "An Old Fashioned" - and I could see myself definitely trying to keep up with Don just because of this drink. I don't need to go into their wine collection except needless to say it is amazing - including an appraised $1.5M James Bond limited edition wine set which you must specially request to see.Delicious sides - I haven't even gotten to the steaks yet because I'll save the best for last. But the sides are a close 2nd. You don't need 2-3 sides per person, but it'll be hard to decide what to share amongst your party. For our party of 4, we got 5 sides and each one no matter how simple it was - it was better than any version of it I've had before. Like spinach! or mushrooms! The MUST have is the Lobster Macaroni and Cheese. Again, one would think based on how good it is we should each get our own order of this super delicious side. But amongst us 4 guys, we barely finished it because it was so rich. And of course we were pretty filled from all the other food/bread.Finally the steak - good. Very good. My buddy and I had to share their "Tomahawk" Rib Steak which is the biggest steak on their menu - a 32 oz Wangyu American Kobe Rib-eye steak. As mouth-watering as that sounds to the steak-lover who wants to devour all 32 oz of it, there is simply too much goodness to save room for. So if have a willing partner to share the Tomahawk, I highly suggest doing so so you can dip your fingers in everything else Del Frisco has to offer.We did not make it to dessert but I'm gonna stake my next steak dinner on that it's gonna be worth bursting a button for.
5	First and foremost, my favorite steakhouse...Oh my G!  Del Frisco's holds a special space in my heart.  My first Del Frisco steak was in NYC, the first weekend I went low carb in 2007, still low carb strong in 2013, I gauge a restaurant by the steak. . So sad to leave NYC, but I was so happy to find Del Frisco's in Vegas...we are regulars...Coming here about every 3 months.  We always order a bottle or two of wine, a chopped salad and  a Tomahawk Ribeye Waygu steak ample enough for two-about 32 ozs (12 oz bone and 20 oz of meat).  While it costs $90 bucks...it can be a value if each individual steak is starting at $45. BTW, TDF...nothing like it...impressive to the eye, like a Flintstone steak, big, beefy, hot, and  juicy... what is not to like?Service is always impeccable, but we've definitely had some characters, such as Amber that flat out denied our frequent customer card because we were going to split a $500+ bill with another couple, but the next time our waiter was AWESOME!  He hooked us up, taking care of all 6 of us, but  still (I am pretty sure) sticking to their "make you feel like a million bucks" policy. I HIGHLY recommend a sommelier to navigate the expansive wine menu...they always have good recs.  Tell them your price point and a few flavors or characteristics you like in a wine and they will help you find a gem.  Really take advantage, some of the best soms in Vegas. While i am female, I love the old school massive testosterone feel of this restaurant.  I even saw a group of men walking to the restaurant still about a mile away and I said to my husband that "Yep, they are going to get some meat at Del Frisco's, before they start their night"  About 20 minutes after we arrived by car, they sure enough were walking into Del Frisco's.I always chuckle at the Thank You card I receive in the mail  a few days after I devour my Tomahawk steak.  Nice touch.IDK, I just love old school masculine feel...but I sure feel and get treated like a lady yet still can eat and enjoy like a "man".
5	At the ripe old age of 30, I have come to the realization that meals should not be ordered based on a number or include the words "value meal". Del Frisco's is one of those restaurants that makes me happy to be a grown-up. We usually start off with the calamari which has a spicy kick. The true star of their menu is the steak; it truly melts in your mouth, it's like a piece of buttery goodness like nothing else I've had in my life. All of the sides that we have tried have been good, but I would highly recommend the sauteed mushrooms.  I would even venture out to say that I wouldn't mind eating those damn mushrooms instead of their steaks and calling it a meal, but that's crazy talk. Order both and give your dining companion the evil eye so that he wont feel comfortable touching your food, and call it a day.
4	WOW... just wow.. This place is a meat lovers heaven.  To make a long story short but with the juicy details.  I ordered the 32 oz Wagyu Tomahawk Cut Rib Eye... damn.  Ive never had anything like it and it was huge.  The marbling on this thing was amazing.  It was so tender and juicy.  Definitely worth the money let just say its above $80+.  But you have to try it once.  Any other steak will not even come close.  Ive tried the double eagle and that is amazing as well.  Their sizes were ok but the bacon spinach and garlic mash was the best.  Our drinks were well-alcholized so no complaints there.  Don't eat all day and just eat like primate here.  Of course the service was on point and professional.  Worth every penny. hey your in Vegas gotta go big or jsut dont come at all. Hahaha
5	Hard to beat, can't find a bad thing to say unless you're looking for a very quiet, intimate setting.  Its a lot of energy and high volume in here.  Steaks are outstanding, service is top notch and the drinks are hard to beat.
5	They get everything right every time. Great service, top-notch and very consistent service, and a wonderful dining room that can, however, get a bit noisy. It is quite expensive, and everything must be ordered a la carte, but it's worth every penny. We come to Del Frisco's every time my dad, a true steakhouse connoisseur, is in town. and we have no been disappointed. World-class steak -- no question about it.
5	This place was amazing. Great service, perfect timing of all courses, the 12 ounce filet was easily some of the highest quality meat I've ever come across while being perfectly cooked and the lemon cake (made fresh in house everyday) was the perfect end. Will return soon with a smile on my face.
5	What can I say.. Osso Buco hands down the double eagle since the name is also very good. but I still like the Osso Buco roasted veal shank. Also the Oysters Rockerfeller great!! They pulled it off them menu but you can ask the chef and if he is in a good mood to make it they will!!
2	Not worth the time & money.  The only thing that's good is their signature, pineapple cocktail drink.  I got the off menu wagyu and I can definitely say it wasn't a prime wagyu; taste & texture is completely different; don't even bother trying. Got their maque choix corn & the crab cake.  If you've tasted Mastro's cream corn, then you will be disappointed with this maque choix corn.  Unfortunately, I haven't tasted crab cakes that makes me want more, this crab cake wasn't any different.My significant other tasted my wagyu & said, "i taste only charcoal."  He was right, but I think it was just the slice he tasted that was more burnt.The customer service was definitely a 5-star, hostess & waitress were friendly.I'll probably come by here for the pineapple cocktail & to be in a little more classier environment, away from the drunkards.
5	I decided to treat myself to nice dinner for my birthday and was very glad I picked this place. Everyone was very friendly and attentive. I also unexpectedly received a free slice of lemon cake. Which is very popular there. Everything was delicious. I look forward to my next visit
3	average at best.  the place smells musty/like cooked food. Needs to be aired out and carpets replaced. Service was OK. I dont mind spending the $ on a good steakhouse, this place would be fine for most punters, but if you have ever eaten at a great steakhouse, then this will disappoint.
5	Came here for dinner on vacation. My husband and I ordered the Pre Fixie Dinner. It comes with salad, sides, and an entree. I had the crab cake with filt mignon and sauteed mushrooms. My husband had the ribs, chateau potatoes (mashed potatoes) and scallops. We ordered Caesar salad as well and everything was so good. The meat was cooked perfectly, exactly to our liking. The crab cake and scallops were very flavorful. As for salads, I am not usually a big fan but the caesar salad was really good and I actually finished the whole plate!Drinks: the pineapple martini is excellent! Services: 5 StarsFood: 5 Stars
3	It's all about the crab cake.  OMG is soooo good!  It's topped with lobster sauce.  Yes, it's rich but oh so delicious.  I think it's about $20 or so.The cold seafood platter was also ok.  Nothing to write home about.  ~$50 or so.The steaks were a-ok.  The petite filet was a little dry; the ribeye was cooked to perfection and much warmer and juicier and tastier.  The Caesar salad was great - whole spears of romaine lettuce with plenty of tasty dressing.  The prix fix dinner was ~$50 and includes small meat portion, salad/soup, and a side.  The ribeye set me back about $50 or so.I was celebrating an anniversary and they comp-ed me a slice of lemon cake.  According to the receipt, the slice runs ~$11.  Totally not worth the money.  So glad I didn't have to pay for it.Other important info: located in business park, many private dining spaces, classic wood paneling throughout (reminds me of old school private clubs), fantastic service, and they mentioned they're opening a location in Santa Monica where Boa Steakhouse used to be.
4	Excellent value for the money. We split the "Tomahawk" rib eye and it was delicious. Not too noisy and a nice, low key atmosphere. The pineapple vodka drink was also great!
3	Been wanting to try Del Frisco's for some time so was happy we finally made it here. I ordered the bone-in ribeye steak which I have to say was pretty stellar. It was pretty close to my fav one at Mastro's.  Unfortunately, the other items we ordered just didn't stack up to the steak. The lobster mac n cheese was okay but something was missing. I've had really great lobster mac n cheese at several places before and this one just tasted off somehow. Even though it had chunks of lobster in it, it was just missing that overall lobster flavor that others seem to have. I wouldn't order again even though it seemed fairly priced.  The spinach side was good but very watery -- the texture was severely lacking. Again, I wouldn't order this if I return. My friends ordered the crab cake appetizer (just one cake) and they were happy with it. It was a good size with mostly lump crab meat and they really liked the flavor.  Service was very good. Ambiance was okay...truthfully, it was kinda dead when we were there on a Friday night so was quiet and very mellow. It did seem to be picking up as we were leaving.  We also got see the James Bond table which was a really neat little touch. If you're a fan of the movies it might be worth the visit just for that. :-)
5	I came with some colleagues for dinner on a Wednesday evening. We ordered the Seafood appetizer. I got the 22oz bone-in prime rib and my GF got the 8oz Filet mignon.- Amazing service. Truly 5 star. *We came 30min late, and the hostess escorted us to our party *She asked if I had a preference of the kind of Vodka for my screwdriver, then gave me recommendations. *Waitress addresses today's specials and recommendations. *Multiple servers catering for us*She asked me to cut my prime rib to ensure that it was cooked medium, if not she'll take it back*Hot towels. Not the ones in a plastic. *Farewells from lots of staff as we left. *They hand feed you...lol. jk. - Great presentation. The seafood platter looked like a piece of art. - Delicious meat. I usually stuff my mouth with all kinds of food at once, but the prime rib was so good that I chewed each piece independently. No concurrent side in mouth. No fast chewing. Really enjoying the rich flavor and texture until I swallowed it. haha. sounds gross. - Nice piano cocktail music that sets the tone. - I do have a bias for Maestro's Ocean Club in NPB simply bc that was where we had our first date. Nonetheless, this is an incredible place for any special occasion. James Bond table!
5	Order the eff up! Bring your Benjamins and spend it on BEEF! Forget about buying good clothes, you don't eat clothes/shoes/watches/etc. YOU EAT BEEF/COW/HEIFERS, be good to yourself! haha!Bone in RibEye, my favorite cut of Angus Cow, med rare, pink throughout! 6Ls (yes SIX fcukin LITERS!) of red wine on the table, guys knocking the fuck out before we even order, manager asking us to lower our voices. HAHAHA! Sounds like a Bachelor Party!Remembered I had a spoonful of each: Lobster Mac (I prefer my lobster Asian style!), cream corn (not very memorable), spinach (so-so), 4 mushrooms (blah), and potatoes au gratin (yum,  I luv potatoes, so it's unfair!). Fcuk , we ordered everything on the menu almost!!So full.. I left about a 1.5in by 1.5 square of rib eye I couldn't power down. booo!!!Better safe than sorry.VERY GOOD!
3	Update: The manager reached out to us to address our concerns. She was very apologetic and offered to correct the situation for us. Not very many businesses these days will even make the effort to read Yelp and address satisfaction issues. Kudos to Del Frisco for their efforts.
4	The service was top notch.The manager and several wait staff came by to say hello and to see if we were enjoying our food.We got 8 oz filet special for the grown ups and burger for the kids; filet was a little under cooked (asked for medium rare but it was more rare) but still good.  They didn't have regular fries, it was potato wedges which didn't work out for the kids.
5	This is a fantastic place to go.  They really care about their customers and the food is out of this world.  The Salmon and Lobster Mac and Cheese YUM!!!
5	Awesome service and food. Well worth the price. I highly recommend the porterhouse steak, it's better than Morton's porterhouse steak.
5	Steak was delicious, the atmosphere was great.
5	I went to Del Frisco's for 2-person birthday dinner. I ordered the Tomahawk Ribeye, Crab Cake, Sauteed Mushrooms, and Potatoes Au Gratin.Tomahawk Steak - This was enough to split between the two of us. At $90 per steak, it's expensive, and would've been too much for just one person considering the other food we had. However by splitting it, it turned out to be just fine. The steak itself was pretty good, but I wasn't blown away. I actually expected more considering it was Wagyu beef and was one of their most popular cuts. I had it ordered medium instead of my usual medium rare preference per other reviewer's recommendations.  I also had their peppercorn sauce which cost a whopping $6 for a small bowl. Crab Cake - Just like everyone else says, it's incredible. And I don't even care for crab cake. It's not like other crab cakes that are deep fried and mostly breading. This one is mostly crab with a delicious Cajun sauce.Sauteed mushrooms - Pretty basic, but tons of flavor.  Lots of butter, yum. Potatoes Au Gratin - Also good, but it was very rich. LOTS of cheese and cream used. I'd probably get something else next time.They comped us a 5 layer lemon cake at the end. Or was it 7 layers?  We only had a few bites because we were both way too full. The part that stands out at this restaurant other than the exceptional food is the exceptional service.  The staff obviously is very well trained. They refer to you by name, write a hand-signed birthday card, and overall are extremely attentive. No complaints here.  I highly recommend you try Del Frisco's!
5	Thanks for American Express and their $50 gift card to this restaurant, we were able to venture out of our usual Vegas strip restaurant and try a new steakhouse.  So glad we found this place because it became our new favorite!   Everything from the food, appetizer, dessert, ambience, service, bathrooms, parking, etc was perfect.  We made a last minute reservation on a Sunday night at 5:30pm.  Our server Gustavo (I think that's how his name is spelled) gave us an impeccable service and we really enjoyed his sense of humor along with his charming personality throughout our meal.  It's not everyday you get a server who can provide a smooth flowing comfortable dining experience.   Thank you Gustavo!  We look forward to dining here again real soon.  For appetizer, you must order their raw oysters.  Between the East and West, we liked the West side oysters because they were smaller and sweeter.  This was a great start to our meal.  The prixe fix dinner was only $50 but came with a choice of salad, appetizer, choice of bigger cuts for extra $$ or the 8oz filet cut and one family size side dish.  My husband ordered the Tamaha Wagyu 32 oz cut for extra $50.  That steak looked like something Fred Flinstone would devour!   Only a true steak lover with a huge appetite can finish this steak in one seating!   I was skeptical about the 8 oz steak and thought it would be more dry and boring.  To my surprise even the filet was very juicy and flavorful!   The different side dishes were all perfect and big enough to share with the family.   Crab cakes and Scallops were all good portions to pair with our steaks.  They are known for the Lemon debosh cake.  No matter how full we were, there was no way we were going to leave without trying this cake.  It's big enough to share between 4 people.  Despite not being a huge lemon fan, this had to be the best lemon cake we've had and would order it again next time.  Not too tart or too sweet.  Perfectly moist and delicious.  Save room for this cake!We love this place so much better than SW steak or CUT!   Glad to have found Del Frisco's!  Wish they had another location in LA!
5	Greater than great food, excellent service by all the staff that came to our table, top notch. My wife and I celebrated our 1 year wedding anniversary dinner here. I mentioned the anniversary when I made the reservation, and there was a card signed by the staff at our table, nice touch. Travis was our server. He was great. He knew the food he was serving, and described it well. Atmosphere was good, dimly lit, and everyone engaging in quiet conversation. We started with the fried calamari, thai style, which is served with a spicy chili sauce on top. It was good good good, yum. For our entrees I went with the Bone-in Ribeye, and my wife went with the Lamb Chops. They were both cooked perfectly to our request, med. rare for my ribeye, and med. rare for my wife's lamb chops. My steak was juicy, tender and perfectly seasoned. You can see the marbling throughout the steak, which makes their steaks so delicious. My wife enjoyed her lamb chops as did I, ha. Yes we tasted each others dinners. We ordered the cream spinach with bacon and lobster mac n cheese as our sides, and they were delicious. We ended with the lemon cake and they comped it for our anniversary, another nice touch. We will for sure be back next time we are in Vegas. While we were there the staff let us know they just opened a new Del Friscoes in Los Angeles by the Santa Monica pier. Guess where we're going bebe?!!!
5	Wish I could give half stars, but it's about as close to a 5 star as possible. Having been on the Strip for a few days and dining there, my party wanted to venture out a bit, try something new and classy. Ended up here at Del Frisco's. For a restaurant of this class, you would expect impeccable service. Impeccable is exactly what we got. Hostess, waiters and waitresses were all extremely attentive. Our waiter started off by introducing all the specials they had that night, including their house specialty drink called the "V.I.P". Essentially a pineapple juice for adults and it was delicious. Looking at the menu, it was difficult to choose what to order. Started off the dinner with a Del's salad, which was iceberg lettuce, grape tomatoes, croutons, topped with a light yet flavorful avocado ranch dressing and two strips of bacon. But what we were here for was definitely the steak. I was tasked with the impossible; trying to choose between the 8 or 12 oz Filet or the 16 ounce Prime Ribeye, but the Ribeye eventually won out. Cooked to exactly my preference of medium-rare with my only complaint being a tad bit too much char. It was definitely a good choice as the marbling was there, but no overwhelming. Flavors and juiciness still intact. When you're nitpicking about the amount of char on the steak, which was pretty negligible, you know the quality you're getting.However, the highlight of the meal wasn't even the steak; it belonged to the sides and appetizers. That Crab Cake, not a hint of fishiness, paired with a Cajun Lobster Sauce is something to die for. I love the way they serve side dishes also. Family style is definitely the way to go, as it allowed my party to try multiple sides. My favorite sides were the Maque Choux Corn and Chateau potatoes (basically cream corn and mashed/whipped potatoes). Other side dishes available were the Spinach Supreme, Potatoes au Gratin, and the Lobster Mac and Cheese, all of which were great.Topped off my night with a slice of the lemon cake. Fluffy, light, not too sweet, with a strong hint of the lemon flavor. The priciest dinner I've ever had, but sure was worth every dollar. I would go back in a heartbeat to try the other appetizers and cuts. Highly recommend for the ambience, service, and of course the food.
5	You just can't go wrong at this place.  The Rib Eye is to die for and the lobster Mac and Cheese is wonderful.  You are paying a lot for the food. Be prepared to drop some cash but I personally think it is worth it.
5	Several close friends of mine have heard the review I'm about to embark on in real time over and over and over...here we go:The night I dined at Del Frisco's was arguably the BEST dining experience I've had in my entire life.  From the moment we walked in the door, it was like my boyfriend and I turned into a king and queen. The hostess, servers, bus boys, et al. showcased the friendliest, most sincere and professional service I've ever been graced with.We came on a Sunday night to capitalize on their "power couple deal"....Two salads, two entrees, and two desserts for $100. Wow. Nothing, not even the salad croutons, dare I even say the lettuce, have I ever had a better version of.  Absolutely divine, culinary perfection. Their pineapple cocktail is not only a spectacle, but seriously delicious. Do not dine here without trying at least one...I could go on (and on), but just know that Del Frisco's is pure heaven on earth in the form of a beautifully kept, and wonderfully run steakhouse.Thank you, Del Frisco's, you will not be forgotten!
5	I've been to many steakhouses, both in Vegas and in L.A., and this is one of my all time favorites. The bone in ribeye here is tied for 1st place with my other favorite ribeye (Mastros). Cooked to perfection. I also really enjoyed the lobster mac n cheese. I've had plenty of those at various steakhouses too, and this one is one of my favorite. The lemon cake is also spectacular. It is so unbelievably moist, especially in the middle (make sure not to just eat the outside part if you're sharing with a friend). The crabcakes were good, but not really worth the price, so I wouldn't order again. The service was also good, and the James Bond table, even if you're not into the movies, is something to see. I like that this steakhouse is "off the strip" and not overly chaotic. It's nice to get away from all the smoking and crowds at the casinos. In summary, the food is terrific!
4	Short Story:Awesome steak...but pricey!Long Story:I came here for dinner on a Saturday night and i got the Porterhouse steak that was 22oz.  Holy cow, that was a big steak.  The service, decor, and ambiance was spectacular.  They even refold your napkin when you walk away from the table to use the bathroom or something.  The raw oysters were amazing as was the asparagus.  Verdict:I would go back, but it is extremely pricey.
3	Food was certainly good while the service and atmosphere were as should be expected. For that reason I just can't give it the full rating - for the name (reputation) and price-point everything is simply what you'd expect. There was nothing that 'wows' or really makes Del Frisco's stand out.Update: had to drop a notch when I found the server had added an extra $10 to the tip charge. Even if it was a mistake it still shows the average quality of service. Looking for great food, deep wine selection, and the ability to share that you've eaten at a Vegas high-end restaurant? Great choice. Looking for that over-the-top restaurant, a unique experience, or the feeling of walking away from a meal with your money very well spent. Not here.James Bond display was neat to see but hard to see the over million dollar price tag. Best seen in person.
5	Awesome as usual. This was my 5th time back and every single time it was amazing! Service was great! We came for a bachelor party and had a party of 23 guys, which you can imagine could get out of hand. They put us in a private room and took the best care of us! We got there late around 10pm and the kitchen closed at 10:30 but that didn't stop them from taking care of us and we never felt rushed. We left around midnight and there was no one left in the place except for us. If your looking for a great dinner this is the spot of the strip!
5	Among the well-known steak houses, this one stands out.  Excellent bar with a grand range of martinis.  The bar staff is so friendly, they make you feel like you're a regular.  The table service is terrific.  We had special meals of steak & seafood with wedge salad that truly hit the spot.  The wine list tends to be expensive but we found a reliable Super Tuscan for under $100 that made sense.  I'd recommend this place to anyone.  All around great experience.Oh, and the singer/piano player should be a Strip headliner.  Lovely voice and able hands.
5	Del Friso's is a fantastic restaurant. They excel at more than just steak. Great Service, soft lighting - not dark. The wait staff is well trained, very knowledgeable and helpful. The Filet Mignon was cooked perfect just the way it was ordered. The side dish of Sweet Potato Casserole is enough for 2 and some to take home. If you like Osso Buco Veal Shank, don't pass this one up. The pasta that comes with the meal is a bit much. Sorry no room for dessert, maybe next time.Before you leave ask to see the James Bond Wine Table.
5	Best steak and scallops I've ever had in my life, excellent service, everything was done to perfection. The complimentary sesame seed bread was delicious, our table had about three of those. The signature lemon cake is a must try but the better dessert was the banana bread pudding which was soft, moist and heavenly. Oh my!
5	Words cannot describe how amazing this restaurant is. I had the filet trio, my husband had the porterhouse and we shared asparagus and lobster Mac n cheese. Everything was so incredibly delicious, I've never came across a meal that is even close to how good this was. The service is also impeccable, it was my husbands birthday and they had a card on the table, each of the 5 or 6 waiters told him happy bday and they brought out a piece of the most delicious lemon cake on the house. Very expensive but worth every single penny. Love love love!
5	Fantastic! The chopped salad was great, filet trio was amazing. Good wine list, tasty cocktails.  Great service from Ryan, perfect blend of attentive & not bothersome. Wonderful dining experience.
5	I hosted a private business function for about 25 people last month at Del Friscos. I've done these types of business dinner presentations all over the country. Many times when you ask a restaurant to do a pre-fixed menu, they order cheaper cuts of meat for the event and the food is sub par. That is not the case at this restaurant. You could cut the filet mignon with a butter knife. The service was excellent - the servers knew when to give us privacy and when we needed service. The room had a great space and the atmosphere of the restaurant was beautiful.
5	I have eaten at this Del Frisco's location 4 times in 5 years. I live in GA. Each time the food has been excellent and the service is the best.This past Sunday, Sept 1 my wife and I celebrated our 40th wedding anniversary at Del Frisco's and our waiter, Andrew Van B and the staff were outstanding as was the food. The prime riibeyes & lobster were cooked to perfection. We love all of their sides & bread. The onion rings are killer.Thanks again to Andrew and the staff for making our evening a night to remember.
5	I have should've been eating here at DF years ago!  Came to DF for my birthday with my wife, and everything was perfect.Waitress was on her A game and described everything on and off menu with no hesitation.  Ambiance of the place is nice and old school feel.Wife and i had Lobster Mac and cheese, crab cakes, bone-in rib eye, and plenty more.  Everything we had was perfectly cooked.  No complaints at all for this place.  Perfection.
4	The service is outstanding, food great, and the wine recommendation was solid!
5	Amaze balls!  From the bone-in ribeye, to the Chateau potatoes, to their moist lemon cake.  Wonderful service and an amazing experience!
3	Very friendly staff. Celebrated my boyfriend's birthday. The staff wished him happy birthday immediately once seated. Food came out very fast & hot. We started with Cesar salad then we each had the bone in ribeye, potatoes with cheese & bacon and lobster mac & cheese. Caesar salad was good. We shared it and it was a good size.Lobster mac & cheese was also good. Steak: For a $55 steak we expected it to be tender.  If you are looking for a good steak I would recommend Mastro's ( which literally melts in your mouth ). That is the place to go! It's hard for other steak houses to have good steak & sides when they have Mastro's to compare it to... Mastro's just sets the bar too high, which makes places like this hard to give more stars.Potatoes were hard. Would not recommended them. They gave bread with dinner - nothing special about it. They gave us a complimentary lemon cake for his birthday which was yummy. I'm giving 3 stars because the food was ok, a bit over priced. The staff was friendly. I would recommend it if you are in the area for dessert. We will never return for dinner.  One time is good enough ;)
1	weve been coming to this location every year since 2010 for our wedding anniversary and every other time we are here in vegas.this last time we were here was a couple weeks ago, was sort of like the twilight zone. the experience we had was so far from we have always typically experienced at del's. what made this restaurant unique wasnt just the great food, but the experience. the staff was always so friendly and engaging, always making us feel like we were the only customers -- actually more like friends and family. whether it was just us 2 or if we had brought our toddler with us. the staff was also attentive and friendlyso lets count all the ways del's failed us this time1. they didnt ask us if we were celebrating a special occasion when we checked in, and they always did before. we noticed they didnt ask any parties that night for some reason. we were seated right by the hostess so we could hear everything2. my wife didnt receive any water service all evening3. my wife stepped away from the table and they still brought out our steak entrees so hers had been sitting at the table for a few minutes. in the past if we were away from the table they would wait to serve our steaks4. lobster mac was a shell of what it used to be. no pun intended. about half the portion and barely any lobster. 5. not visited by the manager all evening (this is what they are known for)the whole evening was lackluster. we've always come to expect del's to deliver a memorable evening. in the past i have received cards from our waiter after we returned home. a signed birthday card from all the staff. engaging personal conversation with the staff all evening. this time around was a true let down to the point that we really question whether to come back here again. the restaurant failed us this time in so many ways. i got a survey from del's the day after and i obviously rated them very poor. i received a call from the GM Matt the following day. he promised that my experience was an isolated experience and that he would send me some gift cards so that i could come back and give them a try again. ive been home 2 weeks now and i havent received anything from him. so again, another undelivered expectation. damn, who runs this location now? what a shame! i did receive something from corporate though. all in all, its doubtful i will be coming back again. i can spend $250 on a nice steak dinner for 2 at lots of places in vegas and la. what sets del's apart was the experience and without it, i can find a good steak anywhere.
4	I was looking for a place to celebrate the hubby's birthday during our stay in Vegas. Having been to the one in NY, I decided to give the Vegas one a shot. Through the pictures, I saw that it had the old school, classy ambiance, which is definitely a positive in my book. Instead of calling for reservations, I made reservations the day of through Open Table, and it was easy breezy.Upon arriving, we were greeted warmly by the hostess(es) and after giving my name for the reservation, we were seated. It was fairly empty in the restaurant, there were perhaps four or five other tables seated. Our server was great. She came over and asked if we were celebrating anything, to which I responded that we were celebrating a birthday. She gave us plenty of time to go over our menus and went over the specials with us, pleasantly answering any questions we had. While we were still going over the menu, our server came by with a birthday card signed by the staff for my husband, which I thought was a sweet touch.The food was excellent. Everything that came to the table was hot, not warm, so I knew it wasn't sitting around in the kitchen waiting. We ordered a shrimp cocktail and crab cake sampler appetizer. I'm allergic to crab so I couldn't taste it, but my husband and our friends said it was possibly one of the best crab cakes they ever ate. There wasn't much filling in the cake at all, just large lumps of crab.  The shrimp cocktail was tasty with the different sauce toppings: cocktail, Italian marinade and a remoulade. For entrees, I ordered the filet topped with froie gras butter and two jumbo shrimp, my husband and our friend both order the steak trio, each filet had a different topping to sample and my girlfriend ordered the beef medallions. My steak was cooked perfectly, tender and pretty much melt in your mouth. For sides, the table split the green beans in a garlic, wine sauce and the potatoes gratin. Everything was great.The topper was the giant lemon cake slice that came out for my husband with of course, a candle. We split the cake four ways (especially since we were already quite full from dinner). Let me just say, my husband is not a fan of lemon cake, and he loved it. Overall, this is a great place to come to celebrate a special occasion or for a romantic dinner. The service was great and the food, very appetizing. I highly recommend!
5	quite literally one of the best steaks ive had in my entire life.  entire meal was amazing, I was pampered from the getgo by multiple staff.  totally worth it.
2	Great food, great service, smells like a sewer.
5	This has become one of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas. The personal attention they give is remarkable! The service is outstanding every time. My personal favorites are the crab cakes (best ever!!) The chopped salad, and lobster mac and cheese are excellent too. Crab Legs were juicy and sweet. My husband raves about their bone in filet and their bone in ribeye. Don't forget to leave room for the lemon cake, or at least take it home for later.... it is worth it!
2	There are even more expensive places to get mediocre food, if you can believe that.
1	If you have been to the Del Frisco's in Houston then you are probably expecting a wonderful experience in Las Vegas. Sadly, when you enter Del Frisco's of Las Vegas you quickly find that not only is it in a terrible location with no view - but it's interior and overall atmosphere is poor right from the second you enter the door. Aside from that, let's just get down to the food which is what we want. Del Frisco's prides themselves on service and presentation - you get neither in Las Vegas. I loved Del Frisco's in Houston - I went several times per month. Upon making a reservation in Las Vegas - they asked was there anything special - I advised them a birthday. Once we arrived, we were placed in a table in the center of a room. Not that I'm too particular, but the arrangement of their furniture in this cramped dark building does not make for a nice dining experience. Anytime they place you in a table in the center of the room you get the great fortune of being gawked at as others lose interest in their table. As well, the service was not up to par. One server waited on us - rushed through the menu. Once the food arrived, it was not up to standard. Steak was not cooked well and the cut of meat was poor. As well, the drinks did not taste fresh. Lastly, the birthday we mentioned during the reservation was forgotten. I will NEVER go back to this one. Horrific! Poor location, no view, horrific lighting, poor layout of tables and poorly trained staff. If you want a solid steak - Fix at the Bellagio is the best in town.
2	Service was great, steaks were good quality as expected for this being Del Frisco and at the price - but the steaks were so over seasoned to be almost inedible about half way through. We scraped it off as well as we could but decided not to send it back and ruin a lovely evening out. We wouldn't go back - or to another Del Frisco for that matter. We will stick with the gold standard: Peter Lugar in NYC.
5	One of the best steaks I have ever eaten- the filet melted in my mouth
5	I had the best steak ever!  I've been to Mortons, Ruth and Chris, Flemings.  All good steaks but the best I've had comes from Del Frisco's.  I had the bone in filet with the lobster mac and baked potato.  Bomb!  Service was excellent.  They have you cut the steak to make sure it's cook to your liking.  Drinks were great.  Can't wait to go back and try the tomahawk steak.
3	Over the top pricey steakhouse in a town that has a steakhouse on every corner. Service was obsequious, almost to the point of being annoying. If one more person has asked us how we liked things "so far", my head would have melted. Amazing wine list, but overpriced, way overpriced. Entrees were well prepared and all ingredients were high quality. Beautiful, well appointed room. But it is just too damned expensive. With one of our party of four not even having an entree, and with one bottle of wine, the tab was over $500. At some point, it just doesn't make sense. But then again, we were in Vegas. What the hell.
3	All good... except the medium rare steak is so raw in the middle we couldn't cut it with a steak knife. A butcher's knife would have worked better. Half our party sawed off the seared parts and only ate that. Not a good thing if, you know, you go to the steak house for the actual steak.Service, salads, lobster mac n cheese, oysters, even creamed spinach were all amazing. Great wine selection, too. But those darn undercooked, gristly steaks! And the bathroom is tiny for such a large restaurant. Even the men's room had a long line at times (3-4 people waiting.)
5	Have been coming to this location for YEARS, and it is by FAR the BEST steak house, and the best in Las Vegas. Liz is always our waitress, and I adore her. The food is HIGH quality, and the service is up there as well.. If you are looking for high end dinning, and an over GREAT night, I recommend you coming here. THE BEST IN ALL OF LAS VEGAS
5	We have eaten at fine steak houses all over the US and this Del Frisco's is without question the best. Others have came close in food quality but never has the service been matched. The filet is perfect. Thank you for the wonderful experience!
2	Not impressed. Ruth's Chris is not the end all of steak houses, but I think it serves as a good benchmark and this place fell below the mark. We had a party of 20 in a private room. 1. Place smelled like a musty cooter. 2. Asked for a bruised, dirty martini - got a martini. No bruising, no dirty. 3. Found out that the staff was bringing out expensive extras like truffle butter, even though no one had asked for them. For this price tag, I want my steak and drink to be perfect. This place got it 1/2 right.
4	Thank you, Yelpers, for your awesome reviews and helping us to figure out where we were eating for my birthday on a Saturday night!SIde note: The $$$$ is not accurate. Guy Savoie and Ruth's Chris are a $$$$, Del Frisco's is more like a $$$. I was prepared to be overwhelmed by the prices but the menu is very reasonable, especially considering the high quality and portions of the food.Del Frisco's is a steakhouse located off the strip but conveniently located within minutes of the strip hotels. We made our reservation through Yelp and were seated as soon as we arrived. The hostesses and servers are friendly and a nice change from some of the staff who work in LV. Del Frisco's is classy without being pretentious.We started off with the Crab Cake in cajun lobster sauce and let me just tell you that you have to have one!  The crab is fresh and free of that fishy taste that you sometimes get in other restaurants (yeah, I'm talking about you, Bouchon!). The cajun sauce is liquid heaven and I raved about it so much that our server, Travis, was so sweet and brought us a ramekin of it to dip our bread in.Next we had a Caesar Salad and a Chopped Salad. They were average but tasty.In order to save room for dessert we split their off menu Trio of Filet's. These were delicious! You get three 4 oz filets, each prepared a different way. The first is Oscar-style and has lump crab with bernaise sauce. The second was served with scallops and shrimp. The third filet was served with melted brie cheese on top. So yummy! All were cooked perfectly with a lovely sear on the outside but melt in your mouth delicious on the inside.For our sides we ordered the Lobster mac n cheese and the Green Beans. I'm so sad that we weren't going right back to our hotel or we would have taken the leftovers home. The mac n cheese was cheesy heaven!Since it was my birthday they brought us a GIANT slice of their New Orleans-style lemon cake. Sweet, moist and delicious!  The service was friendly and they were so good about keeping our water glasses filled and brought us fresh, hot bread as soon as we finished the first loaf. Our server, Travis, was very knowledgeable about the menu and helped us navigate through our different options. We were very happy with all of the food and their unique ways of preparing it. The valet staff arranged for a taxi to take us clubbing so it was a great experience all the way around!Del Frisco's, we'll be back!
3	I've heard this is the best steak house in town, and since I've never been, it seemed to be the place to try. Reservations were easy via Opentable and I made it 15 minutes prior to arrival. Granted this was an earlier reservation at about 6pm, when I checked in to the hostess stand, they said they were ready for me. Nice. There were a couple of servers who assisted with taking our order and they were both very friendly and informative. Before diving into the menu, wait for the specials of the day. They also have off menu items too. We shared: Del's salad which was a mixed green salad with tomatoes, and a couple of thick bacon strips. For $10, it was not worth it. I could have bought a pack of greens, box of tomatoes and a pack of bacon. Seafood Soup: It was a light bisque with fish and shrimp. It was ok but it was only a cup for $11. Bone in Prime Rib: Since this was a large hunk of meat at 22 oz, we split it and they split it in front of us. I had a bit of each side; filet and ribeye. Between the two, I liked the ribeye more, as usual. It was tasty and just enough fat. Potatoes au Gratin: Usually this dish is with sliced potatoes but this dish was quartered red potatoes. What made this dish was the creamy buttery sauce with the baked cheese on top. Weird but this was my favorite dish... but maybe because I love carbs. It's true, there is a weird sewer smell at the entrance. It's not appetizing walking in or out of the restaurant.
2	Without a doubt, the food here is exceptional - just read what everyone else has to say about this place.  However, at this price point, if your experience isn't flawless it's just not worth it. Here's the experience I had:I recommended this place to a buddy of mine for his first wedding anniversary.  I personally called and made the reservation and let them know and he and his wife would be celebrating.  I did make a special request,  I asked if there was any way I could get them a round of drinks and a dessert on me.  The person who took the call said they could accommodate this request, asked me for my e-mail address and assured me everything would be taken care of.  I never heard back from them - my buddy never got his round and his dessert.I realize that they probably don't get requests like this often, but if it wasn't possible/feasible please let me know.  Don't promise me that you can accommodate when you can't or don't have any intention in doing so.
5	I personally think it's the best steak house in Vegas.  I got the prime strip steak and man you can't go wrong with that cut.  The group I went with, we all shared the lobster mac n cheese, onion rings and mashed potatoes.  If you're ever in Vegas and want to eat a nice mouth watering steak, look no further and book your reservation with Del Frisco's.  FYI - the restaurant is off the strip but not too far.
5	Great apps, delicious steak, extensive wine list, yummy sides (especially the spinach) and hooked us up with killer desserts. Great meal.
4	Of course for this place you know you're going to get big portions.  The wait staff was very knowledgeable and after we were seated she started firing information at us but she was going so fast that I missed most of it.  The dining room was really nice but it is what you would expect out of a high end steakhouse. We ordered a soup and a salad to share.  Both weren't really worth the $10 each.  We had the porter house steak which was cooked perfectly and not disappointing at all.  The highlight was the side dish though.  The potatoes were excellent.  So cheesy and creamy and fantastic.  Needless to say we didn't take any of those home with us!  This was a good meal and the service was great.  I would return.
3	We walked in to an overwhelming smell of sewer!!!!!We were seated promptly and waited on promptly. My husband ordered a medium filet mignon and was served a raw filet mignon. It was corrected but he ended up eating when everyone else was finished. The food was very good but they have to do something about the smell.
3	Came here with a prix fix menu. First up, free bread and butter. Then shrimp cocktail with three accompanying sauces. Shrimp were plump, fresh, and served at the right temperature. Good start, bad finish. Next dish was the Del Frisco house salad. Good balance of toppings and delicious dressing - minus the fruit fly. How does an upscale steakhouse allow that to happen? I was pretty embarrassed for them. But I let the manager know and he replaced my salad and treated the table to the infamous VIP martini. Nice recovery. Onto the entree.  Order the ribeye. Perfect amount of marbling for extra fatty juicy goodness. Pretty good portion too - I couldn't finish my steak. Sides were forgettable. Green beans were fresh but greasy, as were the cheesy potatoes. For dessert I had their cheesecake topped with strawberry sauce. Again nothing unique, but something sweet to finish the meal is always a nice treat. Probably wouldn't return again as there are plenty of other places in Vegas that are worth trying.
5	Have eaten here multiple times while on business. Possibly my favorite steak house in the US.
4	Service was incredibly good!  Brandy was super attentive, knowledgable, kind and pleasant!  Having tried other steakhouses in Vegas, I couldn't give Del Frisco's a 5, but the service gets a 5 for sure.
5	Went here with a group of six based on other Yelp reviews and was blown away.  I have dined world wide and the service and attention to detail at this restaurant was second to none.  As previous reviewers wrote, you can cut the filet with a fork, done perfectly with great flavoring.  I thought this restaurant was extremely easy to get to.  A lot of the finer dinning spots in Las Vegas are now in hotels and getting to most requires hiking boots and a backpack.  My annual visit to Vegas will now include Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House....Well done!
4	The steak here is always excellent. This place is a nice, upscale spot not too far off the strip. Friendly staff and great wine selection.
5	Damn good rib eye! Quite possibly one of the best ones I've ever enjoyed. Seriously. My buddies and I were looking for a good dinner Friday night, and we all though this place was going to be hopelessly packed and out of reservation times. But, one must always try, says the educated Libyan. (If you're watching Boardwalk Empire). I called at about 6pm, and Cheryl, happy and helpful, made us a reservation for 7:30! Awesome!Stepping into this place, you get a very classy, yet relaxed atmosphere. That's very rare to have...as an experience! Normally it can't be both, just one or the other. Service was outstanding. Forgot our waiters name, but he was very personable and he was always hovering around to make sure everything was straight.Definitely get the rib eye, medium rare!! Three of us ordered the exact same thing and three of us were extremely bloated and happy. Crab cake was awesome, however I could take it or leave it with the beef tartare.
5	This place is bad a$$!I'm in town once a year to work the SEMA Show and get taken out for some good eats by my friends. They picked this place and I met them there. From the get go, this place is class and a true old school steak house. I was at a table with about 16 people and our wait staff was on it. Never had to wait for anything and they just kept everything coming. I had the filet on the bone (off the menu special) and it was epic...one of the best filets I've eaten. I do have to say that the lobster mac & cheese was a bit runny for me but that might just be a "me" thing. The flavor was great though. I really liked the onion rings...nearly the size of a donut. And the Lemon Cake....so tasty. I enjoyed it so much that after dining there on a Friday, I talked our group into returning the following Thursday and yes, I had the same damn thing! We also had the crab legs which were more flavorful that crab I've had before.All in all, it WILL be on my agenda every time I visit Vegas!
5	Been here a couple times and am now writing a review.  Went here with the gf and we split the 32oz rib eye.  We asked for medium rare and it came out on the verge of rare.  Was great and super huge.  Beyond that we also had the creamed spinach and mac and cheese.  Both sides were outstanding.  Especially worth note was the creamed spinach which was just out of this world.  Drinks were strong and delicious.  Service excellent.  If you are thinking you need to be super dressy for this place think again, you can be casual.  Worth a shot if you are in vegas looking for some great eats.
5	Best Meal of our Honeymoon!We had a long week of dining out for our honeymoon. We are lovers of good wine and steak and were searching all week for an amazing experience. We started at Tom Colicchio's at the MGM and were surprised by how bad their service was. We were both servers in our past lives and know when someone is doing a good job. Your servers were amazing! Service was prompt and courteous. We were never wanting for anything and the service was never overbearing... it was an experience every person would want at a restaurant. The steaks and shellfish we ordered were all perfect and offered more selection than we expected. We were pessimistic about going because we know you are a chain and we thrive on unique experiences... but i have to say, I will always hold Del Frisco's as my first choice when dining out from now on. Thank you so much.
4	If I could, I would give this place 4.5 stars. Allow me to explain....We started my birthday dinner off with the tuna tartare and the calamari..  both were excellent apps.. one of my cousins had the Svedka vodka infused pineapple cocktail (the VIP... get it?!?) which I had a sip from and enjoyed a lot.Our sides for the dinner were the asparagus, potatoes au gratin, and the lobster mac and cheese.  All were good but the lobster mac and cheese stood out.. mostly b/c I love me some mac and cheese.For dinner I ordered the 16 oz prime ribeye cooked medium. As per our server's recommendation, I cut into it to determine if the doneness was correct... I did and it was cooked perfectly, or so I tthought. As I started to cut off a piece for my tablemates to try the steak, it turned out to be a step below rare. I advised our server about the doneness of my steak and he apologized and he sent it back.  A few minutes later, another gentleman in a suit came up to me and apologized about the doneness of my steak.  When it came back, MY OH MY, best steak I've had all year.The service throughout dinner was solid. Waters were promptly refilled.  When my beer was close to being empty I was asked if I wanted another. As a postscript to my review, towards the end of the dinner, I filled out one of their mailing cards just for the hell of it. This week, I recived a hand written thank you card from our server thanking me and my party for having my birthday dinnner there.  That blew my mind away.So, 4.5 stars out of 5. It would have been 5 but the 1/2 star deduction was because I had to send my steak back. But everything else was perfect.  Better than the other steakhouse I went to in Vegas earlier in the year.
5	Yummy!! Nice place with great food!:) Great service too!
5	Wow!Wow,! What can I say with my mouth full great service, great food.Best steak I have had in years! Just came from iffel tower and spent $500.00 dollars does not hold a candle to this place. I will be back.
5	What took me so long to go here .... best steak house ever!!!Went here for my wife's birthday dinner w/some friends and we split sooooo many yummy items!- 32 oz waygu ribeye wow mmmmmmmmm served medium rare and pre-cut sooo goood- Accompanied with a 14 oz lobster tail ... mmmmmmmmm- Sides included the Mac n' Cheese and Mushrooms, fantastic- Appetizers were the delicious crab cakes and shrimp cocktail- Dessert, since it was the wife's birthday we got a delicious lemon cake (that giant thing) and we also ordered the banana bread puddingThe Service was top notch!Go with a group so you can share.  This place is insanely good!
5	The filet mignon and lobster mac and cheese was to die for! The James Bond table was pretty awesome too.
5	EXCEPTIONAL CUSTOMER SERVICEMy boyfriend and I came here on our first date six months ago.  It was a wonderful dinner and our waitress, Priscilla, and the rest of the Del Frisco staff outdid themselves that night.  They were incredibly attentive and the food was delicious, especially the lobster mac & cheese. http://www.yelp.com/biz/del-friscos-double-eagle-steak-house-las-vegas-2#hrid:1Cziker169quEYeflq99GAFor our six-month anniversary, we returned to the scene of the crime.  Unfortunately, Priscilla was on maternity leave.  How did we know that?  Because when Mel called to make the reservation, he was informed of that fact.  How did they know that Priscilla was our waitress? They must have a file on every customer and keep notes!  Whatever it is, I'm impressed. When we showed up for dinner and checked in, guess what?  The hostess told us that Priscilla was on maternity leave-hah!  We know, but thank you.  We were shown to our table and a gentleman took our drink order and told us that Liz would be our waitress that evening.Liz showed up and told us that Priscilla was on maternity leave with her son.  By now, this would be considered to be kind of weird, but we were impressed that the staff of this establishment went to such lengths to make sure that we were taken care of.  Note, we'd only been here ONCE before.Needless to say, Liz took great care of us.  The manager stopped by our table to greet us.  No less than 3 different staff members filled water glasses, brought entrees and side dishes.  A big plus to the staff member who brought us our steaks and requested that we cut into them to ensure that they were cooked to our liking before he left the table--that was a first for me and I'm even more impressed.  I had the beef medallions, 3 pieces of steak served over mashed potatoes with green beans.  I could only eat two of the medallions because we started with the sesame bread and butter as well as Del's salad for me, plus lobster mac & cheese on the side.  Mel had the filet mignon with mushrooms on the side.  It was a lot of food, but we thoroughly enjoyed our dinner here once again.  Another big plus is the cool piano player who plunked out some nice tunes, including one of my faves, "The Girl from Ipanema."  I was a happy woman that night and we will definitely be back after another wonderful dining experience at Del Frisco's.  I've never had such great customer service and it didn't stop that night.  Mel received a follow-up e-mail the next day to thank us for our business; incredible.
5	I'v eaten a lot of different cuts of meat at a lot of different places, and if the Double-Eagle at Del Frisco's isn't the best steak I've ever had, it is darn close.  My fellow diners who ordered an off the menu bone-in filet and tomahawk waygu ribeye were both envious.  It is literally one of those game changing entrees that makes you not want to eat something similar anywhere else, because you know it will fall short.  I literally cannot wait to go back and get another.It isn't uncommon to find a superstar dish but feel let down by the other courses....not the case at Del Frisco's.  I put their calamari in the top 1-3 calamari plates I've had.  The balance of sweet and heat is perfect.  It leaves an after taste that makes you immediately want to go back for more.  I could probably say the same for the crab cake app.  Virtually all crab and a terrific cajun lobster sauce.  I'm not a fan of cajun flavors in general, but the sauce was not overpowering and a great compliment to the crab.  I'd also recommend the marinated shrimp or the shrimp with the remoulade.  Both were worthy of bread dipping.Honestly, I can't speak much about the sides because i had a few bites of a few different ones, but was so hypnotized by my steak that I didn't pay them much mind.  I also can't say anything about the desserts because by then I was stuffed.  However, the others I dined with all said they were terrific (sorry don't recall what was ordered).All in all, when someone tells you this is the best place to get a steak in Vegas, they aren't kidding.
5	I love steak like any non-vegetarian citizen of the US of A and have a list of favorites including The Golden Steer and Delmonico's to name a few, but when I'm feeling absolutely baller and want the best quality in both service and food, I come to Del Frisco's.STEAKAGE:The menu here features the standards like filet mignon, ribeye, porterhouse, etc. which is all fine and dandy but when I come here, I specifically want their specials.  Dishes that aren't offered at your typical steakhouse, such as:Double eagle bone-in prime strip (contrary to popular belief, this is not made with two eagles...it's made with three), bone in filet mignon, the filet mignon trio, or my personal favorite:32-oz WAGYU RIBEYE with tomahawk bone.  To put it in perspective of how amazing this steak is, I will make a list titled "News I Never Want to Hear" (in order):1. Del Frisco's no longer serves the wagyu rib-eye2. Zooey Deschanel and Ben Gibbard happily back together!3. Liam Neeson furious with Michael O's Yelp review of Fresh Brothers pizza.  "I will find him," swears the terrifying actor.SIDE DISHES:1. Cream spinach:2. Lobster mac & cheese3. Chateau potatoes: I love potatoes in all its forms - mashed, baked, roasted, fried, you name it.  Chateau potatoes are basically upgraded seasoned/buttery mashed potatoes with scallions & pepper.TIPS:1. To really live it up, be prepared to drop up to $100 per person.  Coming here on a tight budget is as dumb as coming here on a full stomach.2. ORDER THE WAGYU RIBEYE and split it with another person (if need be).3. Before you leave, ask to see the James Bond table.Grade: I don't always eat steak, but when I do...I prefer Del Frisco's.
5	UNBELIEVABLE Steaks! Came here with my friends for my birthday all the way from California and was not disappointed. Between the group we tried the F.M., the Prime Rib Eye, the Prime Porterhouse and all where cooked to perfection. The meat was so well cooked even the small amount of fat was delicious. We also had the lobster mac n cheese and sauteed mushrooms, both totwally worth it. One warning if you're getting a larger cut of meat (16oz +) you may want to stick to the leaner sides as the lobster m&c was delicious but very rich. We saw a couple of tables around us order lobster tails that where HUGE so if you're a lobster nut then it may be worth it. All of us where there for the steak so we where good to go. Last note the service was top notch and everyone from the hostess to all the wait staff where amazing at their jobs so it made for a extra memorable meal. Til next time D.F.!
3	Great atmosphere, great service, excellent drinks!!  Steaks were tender but over seasoned... The lemon cake was amazing!!  I give it 3 stars and O
1	[EDIT]A manager here acted like she was concerned about my experience as she personally messaged me, asking if she could call to talk more in detail. It's been a month and she never called. I don't think they really care about your experience here, so why eat here?--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Totally got gypped!! Came here on a recent vegas trip because of its amazing reviews on yelp. Our waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable about their specials and their steaks so we went with some of her recommendations. HOWEVER, she failed to mention the price (of course) for her recommended appetizers that wasn't on the menu. Looking at the prices of the appetizers in the menu, they were all around the price range of $12-20 so we figured it'd be around that ballpark. The bomb came with our check when we found out that what she had recommended were TWO appetizers (as she made it sound like one) that were each $40!! That's $80 +tax!! She totally hijacked my wallet!!!  What a rip off and so mischievous! That costed more than my steak since I had shared one. I would watch out for this place!I shared a bone-in ribeye cooked at medium, but was still rarer than when I order my steaks at medium rare elsewhere. They REALLY undercook your steak. I could barely eat it since i kept chewing and chewing and chewing...and could not break it down enough to swallow. Overall, not a great experience since I've had better steaks without feeling robbed!
5	This is my favorite place to dine in Las Vegas when I want to escape the Sin City madness. I've enjoyed my visits here tremendously, whether it was for a buddy's "final meal" as a bachelor or a quiet date night with my wife. The Del Frisco's rib eye steak is beyond amazing. This is how a steak should be served: it should be the star of the meal, not hidden under sauces or overwhelmed with superfluous flavors. It's a high quality, 16 ounce cut of rib-eye that's cooked to perfection, with a crust that complements the juicy tenderness of the meat. Your server will warn you that they undercook their steaks a bit, so if you normally order medium rare, then you'll order medium. They'll have you cut your steak to ensure it's been cooked to your liking. Steak lovers know that if you're at a high-end steakhouse like Del Frisco's, then you're wasting your money if you're ordering a steak well done, since you want to taste the meat, not the flame. The appetizers are spectacular. When they're in season, the stone crab claws are delicious. Fresh and meaty, they're the perfect starter and contrast nicely with the meat feast you're about to indulge in. The calamari is also tasty, with an Asian-style twist to them. My favorite, though, is the crab cake: It's heavy on the crab and easy on the breading. The sauce might be too rich for some tastes, but during my most recent visit, the waitress saw me dunking my bread into it and she brought out a side of the sauce so I could enjoy a few extra dunks before the main course. Now that's service!Speaking of, the service is top notch. I love how each server manages to be available without being intrusive. Every staff member I've encountered has been polite, friendly, and attentive.Finally, the sides are served family-style, so one order is good for two or three people. My favorites are the sauteed mushrooms, potatoes au gratin, and the lobster mac and cheese. Each is a worthy complement to your steak.Bring at least $100 per person for food, more if you'll be having drinks. After a meal at Del Frisco's, I always stay away from steak for a month or two: it's so good that everything else pales in comparison. Highly recommended. Be sure to ask about the James Bond table before or after your meal.
3	What  a cool bar for cocktails and stellar service.  GREAT piano player. GREAT vibe. Happy Hour is second to none. The restaurant could be improved. Sorry to say, my 65 dollar steak was less than perfection. With all the steak houses in Vegas, if you charge that much, you best be spot on EVERY TIME! Worth mentioning, the manager did pop for our desserts and after dinner drinks to make up for our cold, overcooked, filet mignons. Will be back, but only at the bar.
5	To start, I've traveled a lot and been to a ton of steakhouses. Growing up in Las Vegas I've been to most of the steakhouses here. This one is by far my favorite. The filet is always consistent and amazing. The crab cakes are one of my favorite crab cakes also. Every time I have gone the staff is always extremely professional, friendly, and knowledgeable. I don't understand why people complain about he prices. It's a phenomenal steak house. Obviously it'll be a little pricey. You get what you pay for. If you aren't willing to spend money on a steakhouse dinner then obviously this restaurant isn't for you. They also have an AMAZING happy hour!
4	Awsome and delicious steak house off the strip. I had the Double Eagle bone in Porterhouse, lobster macaroni and bacon Brussels sprouts. The steak was juicy and perfect. The lobster macaroni had huge cunks of lobster and the bacon Brussels were perfect.    The service is great and the atmosphere is classic and chill. Definitely will be back!!
4	This is just a classic steak house done to perfection.  Great quality steaks prepared to the right temperature.  If you are looking for items like bone marrow, foie gras...not here.  Come here for the crab cakes to start ( it's like they took the crab and rolled it into a ball, cooked it and served it, that's how much crab is in it ).  Then the tomahawk wagyu steak.  Very good but definitely not any where close to Japanese wagyu.  I would say more AAA Prime.  So in that regards, not a perfect 5 stars.Food - Steaks...don't come here and order fish, it's not Del Frisco's Double Eagle Fish HouseWine Selection - excellent.  If you can't find a varietal and vineyard you like here, then congratulations you're a billionaire. Atmosphere - more classic than hip on the strip.  Lots of serious " I will take you out for a date " tables.
5	Went there for first time after looking at all the wonderful reviews on Yelp and I wasn't disappointed.  Food was phenominal!!  Service was excellent!!  I will definitely be back here in the future.
4	The filet mignon was INCREDIBLE.  Perfectly prepared, perfectly served.  Loved every second and would say it's one of the better steaks I've had.  The sides were all delicious, but stay away from the gratin.  It's not really gratin, but a bunch of potato chunks thrown in cheese.  Overall, great service and great food.  Definitely must do again!
5	I thought I had experienced a good cut of meat until I went here.  I'm not big on atmosphere but if I'm going to pay for a nice meal, then it matters.  This place has a perfect old-school leather and wood boardroom feel.  The menu is simple- steak, seafood and sides.  No trendy fusion fare with unicorn horn or rainbow dust.  This place simply serves the best meats with best ingredients and meticulous preparation.  The sides were basic but tasty and perfectly complimented the entre.  Yes, it's a franchise but it's a damn good one.  It's not cheap however the quality and service make it worthwhile.  The only problem is that it practically ruined me for other steak houses.  Simply great steak.  Correction: simply excellent steak.
5	I gave the ultimate throne to Mastro's Steakhouse in Beverly Hills years ago and thought His Majesty will never been overthrown.And then I tried Del Frisco's in Las Vegas. WowTitle Bout:In one corner: Defending champion, Mastro's Chef's Cut 33oz Ribeye Chop - Medium RareIn the challenger's corner - Del Frisco's Bone-in Prime Ribeye - Medium RareMastro's trainers are: Mastro's House Salad, Lobster Mashed Potatoes, and Colossal Onion Rings.Del Frisco's trainers are: Spinach Supreme, Lobster Mac & Cheese, and the Classic Caesar Salad."LET'S GET R-R-R-READY TO RUMBL-L-L-L-E . . ."-Rd 1-Mastro's 33oz girth is the best pound for pound steak known to mankind. It's juicy with simple flavors, not overly done with melted butter or seasoning.Del Frisco's 22oz may be smaller, but it definitely packs the punch with intense flavors, and the meat literally melted in my mouth.-Rd 2-Mastro's take a slight edge when trainers got involved. I mean, who doens't respect a Lobster Mashed Potatoes and a huge rack of onion rings fried to perfection in light, fluffy batter?-Rd 3-Del Frisco's came back with Lobster Mac & Cheese, and creamed spinach with bacon bits!!Del Frisco steals round 3 with... bacon!Final Scorecard: Mastro's = 5 Stars. Del Frisco's = 5 stars.IT'S A DRAWWelcome to the ring Del Frisco's. Pound for Pound, you put up a great fight, certainly one of the best in the world.Next fight, only on Pay-Per-View: Mastro's Carrot Cake vs. Del Frisco's Lemon Cake - coming soon to a cable provider near you.
5	Worth every single penny. This is easily the best steak house I've been to in the country. There are a few things you get here (besides the obvious steak):1. VIP Martini. I never order martini's at dinner, but this is something special. It's made from soaking pineapple's in vodka for 8-10 days. It's delicious and can sneak up on you. 2. Lobster Mac. 3. Onion rings. They are giant and tasty.4. Lemon cake for dessert.
5	My last meal would be from Del Frisco's.  My first experience was with the Del Frisco's in Orlando.  When I found out that there was a Del Frisco's a little closer to home (closer as in Las Vegas is only 270 miles away from SoCal), I was ecstatic.  The food and service is unparalleled.  It's an upscale, expensive steakhouse, but soooooo worth it.... over and over again.  I'd go there just for the bread!  I request some bread to take home at the end of the meal.  I treated my family to an extravagant dinner here (mostly because I wanted to go).  We went in for an early dinner because we had slightly unpredictable 3- and 5-year old boys with us, so we didn't want to go when it was busy.  The waitstaff was extremely hospitable and went out of their way to cater to all of us.  I was blown away that they didn't mind the kids making a bit of a mess and running around getting in their way.  In fact, the staff was more amazed that my nephews figured out some of the silverware was magnetized!  A fun distraction for the kids.  I think the staff quickly printed out some pictures for the kids to color when they saw us sit down.Back to the food.... amazing, heavenly, mouth-watering.  The steak is the best I've ever had, and I'm a steak kind of gal.  Sides are usually ordered separately, but the prix fixe menu was very convenient.  Del Frisco's is hands down, my favorite restaurant.
5	I can say nothing that hasn't already been said. Wow. Best steakhouse ever. Just making sure thy get the stars they deserve    For food and service.
2	When we entered we were greeted by a whiff of a backed up septic system which lingered throughout the evening . We were early but they still made us wait even though there were 20 empty tables. The service was good. . The steaks were ok but not at all worth the price they were asking for . The sides were small and the whole experience was cheapened by giving us forms to fill out about our dinner. The atmosphere might have been ok except for the horrible smell. I will not return
5	Very nice place, staff very friendly, service was great enjoyed the food, service and atmosphere, will be back.
5	I have to say I was impressed. I have grown accustomed to high end steak places and it takes something to really get my attention. This place is now tops on my list of spots for steak in Vegas. We had the filet, lobster, spinach, lobster mac and cheese, and mushrooms. Every dish was excellent and the steak was perfectly prepared and flavored. The service was excellent and I have no complaints at all (rare!).I will be back to work my way through the menu.Try the speciality Pineapple infused vodka. Wow.. absolutly perfect drink.
5	Great food, great service.  Rib-eye medium rare done perfectly.  Sides - lobster mac and cheese, asparagus and scalloped potatoes - all excellent.  The crab cake appetizer is a great way to start off the meal.
5	As good as you could ever expect! Osters, Bread, Steak, Crabcakes, Mac & Cheese..Check., 4 of us left there will full belly's and not a morsel left on a plate! Great solid drinks from the bar as well. This is not your Hotel/ Casino Steakhouse. True pride and perfection when it comes to service and food quality!
1	Horrible food   Service was ok but to our shock the food was horrible
1	I have severe allergies to gluten and corn. I was pleased when they had a gluten free menu. This turned out to be false advertising however as they clearly knew nothing about cross contamination. I ended up with hours of horrific stomach cramps, and that was the nice part of purging their bad food. Furthermore, the steak was $90. I am used to high prices and good service. In fact, I go to expensive places BECAUSE I have special needs. It really turns me off to pay top dollar and to have full assurances, and then to get so horribly sick. I fed the rest of that expensive steak to my dog. Do yourself a favor, go elsewhere.
5	Love this steakhouse! Def have better steak than most of the restaurants on the strip or inside the hotels/casinos. The steaks were always juicy and melt in your mouth (we always get the bone in ribeye). The steaks are similar to Ruth's Chris' but tasted a little better. Their lobster mac and cheese was only ok--not very memorable to me. Their sesame bread was delicious. We always go to town on those bread with butter. Even asked for seconds--and they never mind. Service is top notch here. Definitely check this place out if you're a steak lover! My BF and I always try to fit this place on our itinerary whenever we're in Vegas!
2	Obviously the Double Eagle has figured out a way to write hundreds of fake Yelp reviews. But their scam worked flawlessly and they got their six Benjamins out of me. I've been to scores of other amazing steakhouses in Vegas and there is absolutely no way on earth that this one could be legitimately rated so high. No way. Nope. Not a chance. Never.
5	I had heard good things about this place, but it exceeding every hope I could have dreamed of.  My steak (Bone In Ribeye, medium rare) was cooked to perfection, the flavor was spectacular.   One of the others in the party got the Filet, which truly melted in your mouth.  I offered a bit of a swap for the tuna, which had an amazing ginger and wasabi spread that was not too strong, but really fit the flavor of the tuna.  The service was amazing, they were so quick with anything, and I would not hesitate to recommend this place to anyone, ever.  If you have the chance, go to Del Frisco's.
5	It is fancy restaurant! one of my friends from texas promised me to take most fancy restaurant in texas and i look it up online and i found out it is also in las vegas as well!! So i went there for my anniversary with my boy friend.  We ordered one bottle of wine, fried calamary,  and two steakour meal was not pricey but i recommend to order special menu which is pricey but it would be more better~
5	Del-icious. Double Eagle...why not Triple Eagle. I have buddy who's Indian name is Triple Eagle...honest truth.
5	From the moment you walk in to the restaurant you feel like a VIP. Everyone is very friendly and welcoming. And I have been to quite a few fine restaurants all over the world and I am pleased to report that the service here is among the best. All of our needs are catered to but not in an annoying way. The timing was impeccable the attention to detail was meticulous and professional and the service was a large part of the overall experience. OK on to the food. I ordered the pineapple infused martini. Again ,outstanding..a subtle taste of vodka and a lovely aroma and taste of pineapple.This was a well made drink. Very good balance. We split a chopped salad,excellent. My guest ordered the three filet steaks with three separate toppings combo. One with bearnaise,one with hollandaise and I believe it was spinach and the last had a scallop and a shrimp on top.This is a great selection as it gives you a chance to sample three different types of flavors.I had the double cut lamb chops.They came with a pomegranate infused mint sauce that was one of the best I have ever had.Again great subtlety to the sauce,complimented the lamb to perfection. We ordered the mashed potatoes and the asparagus on the side. for dessert we had the creme brulee,again this was among the finest versions I have ever tasted.From the moment we arrived to the second we left we felt as if we had been invited to a vip experience. From the welcome to the service to the meal,this was outstanding from top to bottom.
5	If you want to splurge on a very tasty dinner, Del Frisco's is definitely one spot you should check out. This restaurant is a change of pace since it is located off the strip. The staff here provides impeccable service as well as an overall pleasant experience.The sesame bread that they give you is freakin addicting that I regret not saving room for my steak. I had their signature drink, the VIP (a pineapple infused vodka), but I stopped after one because it did taste like a bad hangover waiting to happen. I normally don't eat seafood, but I actually thought the crab cake tasted good.This is one of the very few places I've ever dined where I can say I was babied (in a good way)! They cut and served our lobster, served our lobster mac & cheese, served our potatoes au gratin, help split the humongous tomahawk wagyu into two portions, and even helped another Yelper take foodie pics muahaha. I should've visited the restroom to see if they wipe for me too!I had the prime ribeye which was awesomely delicious and cooked perfectly to medium rare as requested. It was a 16oz hunk of meat that I wished came in a smaller portion (never thought I'd ever say that). They definitely make it a priority to make sure the steak is cooked to your liking.We came here for a birthday, and it was a cute little touch that the staff all signed a card for the celebrant. We got to indulge in a six-layer lemon cake which was so light and yummy without it being overly sweet.I would definitely return in the future, but will make sure I come back with a bigger appetite.
5	This is my second time here and I enjoyed it both times. I really like the food and the pricing isn't that bad since its off the strip. I had the filet and it was prepared great. Just the way I like it. Also, they served my food on a super hot plate which is a cool thing. I like their wine selection and the ambiance is more enjoyable then other steakhouses since it was lit better...most of these resturants are dimmly lit. Our waitresses were really nice too. Next time I head over to Vegas, I will stop here again.
3	As a professional steak eater, I've been to my share of up-scale steak restaurants.  This one is middle of the pack, could have been a bit higher but.. I'll get there. Went Sat night before Superbowl. The good. The steaks are top grade and cooked well. Well seasoned too. The atmosphere is classy steak joint, although the lights and ambience could be refined a bit more.  Our server was great, us 3 dudes, giving her a good ribbing, and she was fun and engaging. But that's about all that was good. The bad. After being seated very close to our ressy time (8:30) we quickly ordered wine and then shortly after, dinner. The wine and tasty bread came, but no dinner.. Still waiting.. and still... 45 min later. We even had to ask our server what the hold up was and we rarely complain. I would expect this if we were on "Island Time"  in the caribbean. But this is Vegas and not acceptable.  I got the bone-in fillet which was very tasty, as were the other steaks at the table. But, the sides, grilled asparagus and garlic mushrooms, left much to be desired. Seems like not much care went into preparing these dishes, aside from dosing them with copious amounts of salt.  Overall for the price, which was quite steep, I expect more. I've had much better dining experiences at steak joints for less then $600 (our bill for 3).  For that price, the experience needs to be grade A, top shelf, not  run of the mill average.. I won't be back.
5	Love this place, I feel like they make Ruth Chris look like the MacDonald's of steakhouses.  Great staff, they even asked for my address and my waitress sent me a thank you letter!  Wonderful place, delicious steaks!
5	I mainly prefer to get my prime steaks at Costco for usually $15 a piece rather than paying for overpriced steakhouses.  Del Frisco's is one of the rare exceptions.  What other place tells you to cut into the center of your steak and asks if it is to your liking?  Recommend the ribeye steak bone-in.
5	This has got to be one of the best steakhouses that I have tried. Came here on a Thursday and the place was packed. Lucky for us we made reservations the night before. I ordered the 16oz bone in ribeye steak and ask for medium rare. While the wife ask for the beef medallions. Started with the free bread which was a sesame white loaf. It was nice and soft and warm. When the entrees came out they had me cut the steak to make sure it was done right and it was perfect. The steak was so tender when I tasted it and also very flavorful. My wife beef medallions in her words was marvelous. Hadn't tasted any beef this good. For dessert we had the five layer cake which was a huge slice. And it went perfect with my coffee. Service was great and the ambience was very relaxing. If your looking for a great steak in Vegas.  This is the place to go.
5	Perfect food. Perfect service. Enough said.
1	Very, very poor service.  Mediocre food.  Will not be going back.  Definitely do not recommend.
2	My brother and I always try to find a fancy steakhouse when we go on trips.  I've been to many across the country, so I think I know my steaks.  My brother went here previously and told me that it was outstanding.  So, I couldn't wait.  It was busy the night we went and we were with a large group.  I ordered my favorite cut, ribeye medium rare.  The atmosphere was good, the service was friendly.  But the service was slow.  Perhaps I hit a busy night and was with a large group.  But my steak was not good.  My ribeye was the size of a filet mignon (so I guess they didn't like me) and it was almost well done.  When I complained, they tried to convince me that it was cooked properly.  Then they told me it would take a while since it was so busy to get a new ribeye.  I was too irritated so I didn't reorder.  Meanwhile I checked out my buddies steaks and they all looked overcooked too.  My brother was also disappointed with his meal and thinks we were the victims of bad luck/coincidence.  I'm sure he will come back since he got a great steak here before, but he will have to come without me.  If I pay a high price for steak, I expect a great steak which didn't happen.  I don't care if they are busy since that is no excuse.
5	ok so Del's is back in my good graces again. went back this week to celebrate my birthday and the staff did an amazing job at making our family feel welcomed. they had 2 high chairs already at our table and they even brought coloring books and crayons for our 2 year old. staff was very attentive to us and the food was amazing. everything tasted so much better than we remembered. we were a little hesitant bringing our 9 month old and 2.5 year old here for dinner so we booked 5pm RSVP but the staff made us feel very welcomed.
5	I've had premium steak in many places.. BOA, STK, etc and all I can say is holy cow this place knows how to cook and serve the best! It came perfectly cooked.. Like I don't know they can cook it so perfect cooked. It was like eating hot strips of mouth watering butter. The filet came perfectly seasoned and tender. The lobster tail came beautifully arranged, tasted good but missed the tenderness it usually has with warmed butter. They should serve it with butter but they didn't. Service was fun and quick after we got the order in. Only gripe is location which isn't close to the strip. No question get the filet mignon!!
3	Looking for a steakhouse? You're in the right town. It seems every casino has one, and the usual suspects are also here, as well as Brazilian and Italian steakhouses and meat markets of every variety. We visited Del Frisco's on Valentine's Day and were not blown away, although the food was really pretty good. The shrimp cocktail came with huge prawns, the oysters on the half-shell were fresh, the steaks were excellent, and a lamb dish was delicious after we sent it back for a bit more searing - it originally arrived nearly raw. The side dishes were good, too - creamed spinach with bacon, and lobster mac and cheese.The service was oft-putting. Way too aggressive. Almost like we were being coached...to spend more money. Back off on the up-sell, people. Your customers are going to overspend for dinner, regardless. Four stars for the food. Minus-one for the service vibe.
2	The service was great, but for the price, the food was a little disappointing. It wasn't bad, but I've had better for the same price and even cheaper. We spent $222 + $40 tip. The lobster mac and cheese could use a little more lobster. My wife's steak was a little under cooked. She ordered medium well, but it looked medium rare. The bread was delicious. The chopped salad was good. The filet mignon was ok.Overall, if you want to spend this much money on a meal, go to T-Bones Chophouse or The Charcoal Room. Definitely better options.
4	My heart sank as the hostess started to lead us away from the main section of the restaurant to a more secluded and far less appealing area.  But even though inside I was screaming for her to stop and take us to where the action was happening, sometimes even I get tired of being such a pain in the ass customer - so I decided to behave myself for once and quietly followed instead.We were shown to what I assumed to be the couple's section, and as a result, my date pretty much ended up sitting facing the wall.  Not cool when you're expected to drop $200-$300 on a dinner for two.  But Valentine's day weekend had made me all forgiving and pathetic and shit so I held my tongue, and there we sat in a thoroughly uninspiring, lifeless wood paneled room, away from any kind of activity or anything remotely interesting. Service was on the slow side.  Some guy who seemed to be the manager came and got our drinks orders first.  Then another person brought some bread and butter spread, but for the longest time our server was MIA.  When she eventually did get to us, she was very pleasant, and armed with good suggestions and helpful hints.The food was great for the most part: Caesar salad appetizer was tasty with just the right balance of everything, but the shrimp appetizer was not my favourite.  For my main course I had the half filet mignon, half lobster dish which was perfect and I enjoyed every bite. Sadly, due to where we sat, I have no solid idea what the restaurant actually looks like, nor what the atmosphere is like - we could have been anywhere really - so that was a bit disappointing.  I guess they think they are doing couples a favour putting them in a quiet spot so they can enjoy each other's company - but hey, I can do that at home - when I am out at a restaurant, especially for the first time, I actually want to experience the scene, not be shoved in a claustrophobic corner surrounded by dark walls!But overall, due to the excellent food and (eventual) service, this was a positive dining experience.My favourite part of the whole evening?  A completely unexpected James Bond related surprise: under lock and key, Del Frisco's houses a unique, one of a kind 007 themed wine collection, estimated at a cool $1,000,000 and pretty damned awesome!  Ask to see it if you're a fan.
5	Del Frisco's is outstanding.  I came for 9 days and am staying near Del Friscos, in an area where there are also a half dozen other 4-star-plus yelp restaurants within a short walk.  I've been trying a different one every night, and came back tonight for a 2nd visit to Del Frisco's.  I got the Double Eagle Bone-In Ribeye both nights and it was perfect both nights.  They have the biggest wine list I've seen in Vegas restaurants, and the wait-persons are prompt, efficient, and get everything right.  I'm in town one more night this visit and am coming back for one more Bone-In Ribeye because it's better than any I'm able to get back home in San Diego.  I am thoroughly delighted with the food and service at Del Frisco's and when I come back to Vegas in June, I'll be back to Del Frisco's again.
5	Absolutely the best steak!! Make sure you try the lemon cake, it is beyond amazing!! This place is top notch classy. Can't wait to get back to Vegas just so we can have dinner here again!!! You will not be disappointed.
5	My friend took me here for my birthday. I thought the food was excellent and the signature, pineapple drink was to die for!!!! We shared a shrimp cocktail and they were seriously the best shrimp I've had in my life. The filet was excellent and the sides were awesome. It's a little out of the way, and you probably need to take a cab, but definitely a great steakhouse.
3	I think the food OK here.  I don't think I got a great cut on my steak.Bone in Prime Rib Eye 22oz - $56 - Average 3/5The prime rib was OK.  I didn't enjoy the cut of the steak.  The inside was cooked perfectly but the cut wasn't anything special.  Unfortunately the steak tasted a bit standard.  My friends steaks, on the other hand, came out much better.NOTE - My friend tried this same restaurant in NY he warned us they tend to under-cook the steak.  For example, a medium will probably come out medium-rare, a medium rare will come out rare, etc.  The same incident happened here as well; 2 members in our party ordered steaks medium and medium-rare, and both were under-cooked and came out medium rare and rare, respectively.  As such, both members in my party had to have their steaks re-heated.  Not a big deal but something to keep in mind.Old Fashioned - $14 - Decent 3.5/5I requested the old fashioned have a scorched twist.  The old fashioned was decent; it didn't come out sweet which is how I like it.  Unfortunately, I didn't think our server knew much about the drink.  The old fashioned came w/ a straw (usually it doesn't).  When my drink came the server scorched the twist right in front of me.  I found it odd the server scorched the twist (shouldn't this have been done by the bartender??), also she didn't scorch the twist properly.  The twist is supposed to be rubbed on the rim of the drink afterward (which it wasn't).Complimentary bread- Sesame bread.  Really good & soft.  Yummy 4/5.AppetizersLobster Mac n Cheese -Decent 3/5.5Mushrooms Sauted - Decent, 3.5/5Potatoes au Gratin - Best, 4/5TIPS:-Corkage $50 (yikes)- steaks have been known to come out under-cooked (which is detailed above)
5	Okay, one of the best steak houses I've eaten at!  I spent New Year's in Las Vegas and this was one of the places we went for dinner.  We were also seeing the Cirque du Soleil Michael Jackson One after dinner so being in a slight rush, we were hoping they would be able to get our food out in time because we had to be seated by 6:45 pm at the Mandalay Resort.  Once we told them this, the serving staff were all very accommodating and stressed that they would put a rush on things.  I made a reservation through Open Table for 5:00 and they happen to open right at 5:00. Since we got there a little earlier so as not to miss our show, we had a few minutes wait before they could seat us so we waited at the bar. I ordered a VIP Martini which is their signature drink. Very refreshing indeed!We were finally seated and my friend and I each ordered the Prime Strip which was 16 ounces (1 lb.) of delicious aged beef.  We were first served some great bread and butter.  I also had the Bleu Cheese Wedge Salad which was really nice, big and filling.  Along with the steak, we ordered sides of the sauteed mushrooms and asparagus with almonds.  Both were really delicious but I couldn't eat very much of it because I was getting really full from the steak which I was intent on finishing.  It was my main goal since I didn't want it to go waste and the besides the fact that it tasted so darn good, so tender with the right amount of seasoning and cooked to perfection, scrumptious!!  We asked the server how they prepared it and she told us so now I can hopefully replicate it at home sometime.  It'll probably won't be the same however because it never is when you try to do it at home.I enjoyed the dinner immensely do I will definitely come back again when I'm in Vegas when I want a  steak because they do it up right here.  They have a nice decor with dark woods making the ambiance really comfortable and inviting.If you're looking for a good steak house, I highly recommend coming to Del Frisco's because you won't be disappointed in the food or service.
4	Las Vegas is a city that built itself upon gambling, partying, and booze. A land where men can take their bachelor for one final hurrah and enjoy their final moments before the chains of marriage tie them to a small home in the suburbs with a van in the carport. When that opportunity arises to bring that man for a true "man's experience" nothing says it better that a crafted cocktail and a slab of meat. If you happen to be in Vegas, stray away from the strip and stop by Del Frisco. Del Frisco may not be among the most celebrated steakhouses and to be perfectly blunt, not one of the places I had ever heard previously, but it is true to its concept with the wood paneled walls, the grandiose chandeliers, and the starched white linen tablecloths to greet you. It's tables aren't amongst the most widely spaced, nor is it the quietest, but it certainly was comfortable and enjoyable for our group.The menu is your typical steakhouse fare with al selection of appetizers, salads, entrees, and desserts filled with the classics you would come to expect. Nothing truly standing out, yet nothing missing from what you would expect. Our group started with the shrimp cocktail served with its 3 sauces: cocktail, italian, and mustard remoulade. All were decent, but nothing all that spectacular. The crab cakes lived up to its name with a very high proportion of crab and very little filler. Its cajun lobster sauce that accompanied it truly showcased the flavors of the crab.I opted for the 22oz bone-in ribeye and it was well seasoned and cooked beautifully to order. The flavors of the beef were highlighted and not overwhelmed by the butter flavors used in cooking and I have to say that while it arrived overwhelming, it was quickly consumed by this writer. In fact, he ended up eating half of his mother's filet mignon because it was simple, but that good.The sides available to order had high and low moments. From the lackluster chateau potatoes that were ok but overall unimpressive to the spinach supreme which was well seasoned and nicely cooked, it almost seemed that the only thing you should order is the steak. Then the lobster mac and cheese arrived and a new chapter was written. The earth stood still as the first bite hit my taste buds and took my breath away. It was a beautiful creamy symphony of the lobster and cheese flavors set amidst beautifully cooked pasta. You could almost see the smile of God at that moment.Food arrived in a well-timed orchestration and allowed for us to rest between courses and the servers were quick to serve in classic format that was quite impressive for a party our size. The waiter was incredibly patient and clearly well-versed in their menu and wine list which was pretty impressive.Price was rather reasonable (even though I was a guest and didn't have to pay) when you look at other classic steakhouses. Wines are a tad on the steeper side, but it is a steakhouse and the pricing wasn't that bad in that sense. When it comes to a need for a steak in Vegas, skip the $7.99 bargain deal and celebrate your friend's last moments of single-hood with a scotch and a fantastic steak that makes you really feel like a man.
3	All the hype about Del Frisco's made me think I was going to have a better steak than Mastro's... It didn't live up to the hype. The ambiance of the restaurant was nice and cozy. We went around the holidays so everything was decorated for Christmas. They had a live piano which was also a nice touch. The food was just OK. The Shanghai-Style Fried Calamari was drenched in a sweet chili glaze, and was super salty. I ordered a bone in ribeye, medium rare plus, per the usual. The flavor of the steak was good, but still not as good as Mastros. It also came out medium rare, a lil too rare for my liking. Other friends at the table also had to get their steaks reheated. Kind of odd?? We ordered sides: potato au gratin, corn, and creamed spinach. All the sides were typical sides, nothing special. At the end they gave us a slice the lemon cake (we were celebrating a birthday), and I would have to say that the lemon cake probably stole the show. The cake was super moist, and the frosting was a lil tart and perfect texture. The service was good. I think our waiter was in training because the manager was following him everywhere, but I think he did just fine. Overall, I'm glad I got to try it... But for the same price, I think I'll stick with Mastro's.
5	SUPERB customer service.Came here for steak of course, but I got bacon on demand here. I was being a drunk idiot and they still provided excellent customer service.To the waiter's name I forgot. Thanks for running out and giving me the order of bacon I jokingly asked for you. You my bro, bro.
5	We love this place when we come to Las Vegas.  Highly recommended for the steaks!
5	This is my go-to place for the best ribeye in town. The staff is always on point and making sure everything is to our liking. The place isn't cheap so to have staff constantly checking on us makes it worth the price for the ribeyes.
4	The atmosphere is that of a typical American steakhouse with large portions, where side dishes tend to outshine entrees. It's a solid choice for a classic steakhouse, but if your focus is the beef, there is better to be had elsewhere in town. The meat may be good, but lacks the intense beefy flavor of other meat-centric spots that have their own aging program (or source from others that do). If prime is all you need, this place will hit the mark. If you're looking for the best dry-aged or wagyu you'll need to look elsewhere.It was a long meal that took much longer than it should have. Luckily I was in good company. My wife and I (along with out son) were celebrating our wedding anniversary. It was nice of the staff to acknowledge the occasion when we checked in and when we were seated. It was also a nice touch when they presented a card from the staff. At the end of the meal the lemon cake was complimentary. It was a good experience throughout for the most part, but there were enough misses or lowpoints that made it less than perfect.Steaks are pretty good and side dishes will steal the show. The creamed corn was plenty creamy with bits of bacon sprinkled throughout. The potatoes au gratin were my favorite side dish. Large chunks of potatoes filled the dish, accompanied by lots of ham, bacon, and cheese, making it rich and delicious. The true highlight, however, was the crab cake appetizer. By far it was the best crab cake I've had in town. Little to no filler, seasoned just enough to compliment the sweetness of the meat, and a cajun sauce that added a slight tinge of heat and depth.The low point of the night was trying their steak tartare. It was basically minced meat with very little seasoning. It's in the running for one of the worst dishes I've had. Despite that awful appetizer, it was a good night. The company, obviously, was top notch, as was the service. And, there were enough good dishes to make this an enjoyable dining experience.
2	I went to Del Frisco's last night because I had never been to one.  I was starving after a long flight.  I sat at the bar and had a lemon drop where the simple syrup used was way too sweet.  The Caesar salad was good (but did have a leaf with the red stuff in it) and the steak tips, because I was traveling and couldn't eat a whole steak.  I thought this would be a good way to taste the "exceptional" food this restaurant had to offer.  I was wrong.  I know it was a low end dish, but each steak tip almost broke my teeth because they were only grissel (sp?).  In fact, there was bone in one of them.  I wasn't asked how my meal was until after I was done.  For my second drink I asked for less lemon and that didn't  happen.  The reason I'm giving two stars is that it was fun to watch the bartender at work.  There are so many other choices in Vegas--when I come back I will go somewhere else.
5	Best place for a steak in Las Vegas.  Eat here, and stay away from those trendy places on the Strip....We held our wedding reception here. All our Guests had nothing but great things to say about it.First, Heather, the Banquets Manager, was the best. On top of everything, and gave us the best value in compared to the Palm, Mc Cormick and Schmeck, and other private rooms we priced out.All but three of our guests, had steaks and were raving. The other three had Chicken, Tuna, and Salmon, and were pleased. Great sides, mashed potatoes, were the best, great service.It's very rare that Wedding Banquet Food can be ordered off a menu, and get the quality you would expect during regular dinning time. Best Filet I have ever eaten in Las Vegas!!!!You can tell the staff appreciates and wants your patronage. This is my new place for all special occasions. Read my review of The Palm, and then eat here!!!
5	Here's the deal. When visiting any steakhouse, I don't dick around with any pee wee hockey puck filets or some half assed fish deal. I don't even require a menu. Bring me your biggest Prime Bone-In Ribeye. Cook it medium rare, and don't fuck it up. I'm basically a Vegas local and have had the BiR at Prime, Delmonico's, Carnevino, Gallagher's, Gordan Ramsey's, The Golden Steer, and Vic & Anthony's. V&A has always been my favorite, and I have had it countless times. It's usually our default steakhouse. Tonight, we decided on steaks at the last minute and couldn't get in at V&A in a timely fashion, so we just whipped into Del Frisco's and sat at the bar. Other than V&A, I'm not a big fan of going to a "chain" joint in a town like LV with all its' great options, but The BiR at Del Frisco's is simply one of the best I have ever had. Served on a super hot plate, juicy, tender and flavor that knocked my socks off. Service from Trish was nothing short of phenomenal. $150 plus $50 tip for 2 BiR, baked potatoes, iced teas. Definitely going back.
5	My second visit to Del Frisco's, only a few months apart. I was super satisfied on my first visit, and I wanted to come back and tackle on the 32 ounce Wagyu steak. I learned my lesson last time by ordering all these appetizers, so I skipped it this time just so I can focus on the steak. And that Wagyu steak can deliver!!! Overall, a great experience, but I had a slightly better affinity to the 22 ounce bone in rib eye on my last visit.At $90 a plate, the Wagyu steak is one of those where you can order once in your life, be satisfied, then go back to your favorite. Don't get me wrong, still a great steak and I will definitely come back to Del's, but I'll probably go back to the rib eye or try another steak.I still devoured that steak, minus the bone, it came to about 26 ounces of meat. And I went for their lemon cake. That cake was so moist. My server this time was Tinae. She was superb and I wish her well on her school and studies.They said that they're opening up a Del's in Santa Monica. I'll be one of the first to visit that place and order me their finest steaks.
4	Being hungover all day and eating a steak sucked. Meat was delicious.
5	We absolutely loved the steaks (and the sides)!The bone-in wagyu ribeye was incredibly juicy and melt-in-your-mouth amazing! My friend had the bone-in filet mignon that was also semi-orgasmic!  The sides that we chose complimented the meal extremely well: lobster mac-and-cheese, mushrooms, and scalloped potatoes.  Everything was prepared perfectly, and I can't wait to go back the next time we're in Vegas!
5	OUTSTANDING!!! I'm a steak person, and I eat at about 4 steakhouses a week. (I'm from Louisiana...town call Golden Meadow  a Cajun community.) I fly to Las Vegas every other week, and I try to hit at least 2 steakhouses every trip. I've been flying here 11 years, and I must admit Las Vegas is stepping up to the plate with the food industry. Now...Del Frisco's has been on my list for a while, but we never got around to. I really screwed up...I could have been eating in here for 11yrs. Just think of all that great meat I missed lol. I had a Tomahawk Ribeye...UNBELIEVABLE!!! Of course it's a little pricy $90. My better half had a filet as well was GREAT! Service Great, atmosphere Great! The whole over all experience was to my upmost satisfaction! Also, all the appetizers were great! So, when you come to Vegas, ask about this place...you won't be disappointed!!! Buddy
5	The steak was amazing. Had the 8 oz medium done. The waiter was very polite as well as the rest of the employees. I came in dressed in jeans and tennis shoes and I felt somewhat under dressed, but they made me feel right at home. The VIP drink is also amazing. We spent 150.00 bucks for 2 but so worth it! Will be back next time in Vegas
5	Best steak in town.
2	Way over- priced!!!  I just can't see how you can gauge customers $67.00 for 16oz steak with a bone!?!  There is no justification even if the steaks came from golden steers!  Don't fall for the con-job, there is no beef on the planet that warrants Del Friscos prices.  I left hungry any pennyless.
5	So far still one of my favorites steaks in town... yumm
4	We had a huge party of 16 & the server was FANTASTIC (Travis), the service was always going, very fast & efficient. I've never been in a large group like that & had such great service. The food obviously was fantastic. I would have loved to have a T-Bone on the menu but he bone in ribeye was magnificent.  The sides are expensive & decent but nothing to spend your time on. The appetizers!!!!!!!!! Crab cakes were amazing. Everyone at our table stated they were the best crab cakes ever made; after eating them I had to agree to that sentiment. They were amazing.
5	Absolutely wonderful!  My husband and I ordered the crab cake as an appetizer and it was simply marvelous.  There were HUGE chunks of crab all throughout the cake which is highly unusual, usually it's a lot of cake & a little crab.  For dinner we ordered shrimp scampi with alfredo noodles (which he loved) and I ordered the pan seared chicken.  The chicken was about 1 1/2  inches thick but it was so juicy and tender it just melted in my mouth.  We also ordered the sides of a chopped salad & lobster macaroni & cheese.  Both of those were delicious.Then, because it was my husband and I's anniversary, when we were done with our food, they brought us a complimentary piece of 6 layer lemon cake.  I am not a fan of lemon anything, but this is absolutely scrumptious!   I wanted to order another piece to go but I don't think my thighs & butt would have liked that very much.The service was just as fantastic as their food.  I would go back in a heartbeat.
5	This is my go-to Las Vegas steakhouse.  It was recommended to me by a friend and over the years I've been here maybe about five times.  (Pretty much once everytime that I've vacationed in Vegas.)  The food is consistent, the steak is very juicy, and everytime I've taken a new friend or family member here, they raved about it after.  Great service, waitstaff very polite and not too overbearing.
5	Best service-thank you Brandy!, best steak!, best ambience, piano music to relax and enjoy. What more could one ask for? Absolutely nothing! Great dining experience! can not wait for a return visit.
3	I love visiting high end steakhouse but this one let me down. I'm from San Francisco and I had better steak with lower price. Their fried oyster is really good but the steak was not impressive at all.  Customer services was world class.
4	Love this place...we started off with oysters and then shared the wagyu tomahawk rib eye and 22oz lobster tail.it was awesome they also came with three sauces which were a truffle sauce, butter, and bernaise pretty expensive though so be prepared to spend some money but it was great!
1	Dry bone-in ribeye. They sat us in the d cigar room with old carpet and a creepy atmosphere. Save yourself the grief and keep looking.
5	This restaurant was recommended from a co-worker- OMG the pineapple martinis - you have to get one! the steak was very tasty- I got the filet- highly recommend for quality food in Vegas!
5	Good stuff.  Excellent ribeye, perfectly seasoned; crab cake was excellent (not deep-fried, so you really get the crab flavors coming through), lobster mac n' cheese was quite good (generous with the lobster, which is nice) and lemon cake was quality (still don't know how we fit that in our stomachs.)Quality service- loved the staff-signed "happy anniversary" card we were presented with (as well as the label from our bottle of wine.)  Got crab cake for free with promotion- sign up for their club, get a free appetizer (and they comped the lemon cake too, as it was our anniversary.)  Price-wise, it's pretty reasonable- we saw far more expensive joints on the Strip with worse reviews.  You can walk here from the Strip pretty easily if you like- a bit ghetto past Koval, but within a mile of Flamingo area.And yeah, see that James Bond table.  I almost came, it was that exciting and cool.(hyperbole for dramatic effect)
5	Let's just say I found a new favorite steakhouse when I visit vegas. The decor is amazing and service was top notch. Mastros was great but this place gives you a nice relaxed vibe when you want to get away from the usual vegas non-stop partying. I had the lobster tail and also the tomahawk steak. Two thumbs up !
5	Came here for a 40th birthday celebration and it was great! Atmosphere was upscale but still upbeat, staff super friendly, and food was excellent.  Ribeye, crab cakes...all the way down to the side dishes.  And the VIP beverage was off the hook.
5	MOST AMAZING STEAKHOUSE EVER!Yup, it's true! Del Frisco's is an amazing steakhouse!! They're located off the strip, but it's only about a five minute drive by taxi and is well worth the trip and the money spent to get to this restaurant.  Our party of eight was seated in what seemed like our own private room. We were tucked away in the corner and we couldn't even hear the people at the table closest to us. Score!!Service here is spot on. Our server was very friendly and helpful. She recommended certain foods and was attentive to our needs and wants for our meal, both food and drink. The staff who brought out our food and the bartenders were also amazing as well. I love how they worked as a team to make sure that all the people in our party were taken care of and got what they needed. I ordered the Filet Mignon. It was PERFECT. So good!! I'd highly recommend this steak. As a table, we ordered some sides as well. I tried the Lobster Mac N Cheese (AMAZING!!) and the Mushrooms (so GOOD). The rest of my table seemed to love their meals as well. For drinks, we all got a shot of Fireball Whiskey (strong, but good). I got a Margaritini, which is a combination of a Martini and a Margarita. Sounds weird, but it works and I really enjoyed it. As a table, we also ordered a couple bottles of wine. Apparently they weren't very good. But, I had a few drinks in me by the time I got to the wine, so it seemed fine to me. For a party of eight, the total came to close to $900 with tax and tip. The restaurant did comp the two bottles of wine for us since they weren't very good. If the wine was added, it would have been a little over a grand. Not too bad considering all the food and alcohol we ordered for the amount of people at our table. Come try Del Frisco's next time you're in Vegas. It won't disappoint. Cheers!
4	My cousin and I only had one nice dinner in Vegas during our short stay and decided to ball out. Since she's a steak girl this was our choice, especially after my bf raved about the one in NYC.I made the reservations on Open Table for a Monday evening with no issues. The hostess was friendly and welcoming. We were seated and our waiter welcomed us and handed us the menus. My bf had given me a heads up that they offered a Filet Mignon trio that I wouldn't find on the menu so I had my mind set on this already even prior to seeing the menu (which I had already reviewed online prior to our dinner). My cousin got the same thing. The Filet's came our perfectly cooked. They were topped with 1) Broiled Shrimp 2) Brie 3) Crab, Asparagus, Bernaise. They were delicious but got me full all too quick. We also got the Spinach Supreme and Potatoes Au Gratin for our side dishes also. This was wayy more than enough food for 2 females. As if we hadn't already ordered too much, we decided to finish our gluttonous meal off with a Banana Bread Pudding w/ Caramel which we decided to share. Our hungry stomachs definitely got the best of us and we brought the left-overs back to our hotel which my cousin ate the next day. Del Frisco's was a really nice restaurant. They also had someone playing the Piano for most of the evening. Service was great and food was good. I'd definitely recommend this steakhouse.
5	This place is great for a special night out with your special someone. My honey brought me here for a special date night. Kind of dressy, but evening casual can be appropriate attire. They have a full bar for whatever you would like to drink. We had the shrimp cocktail for an appetizer very huge jumbo  shrimp and yummy.The Filet Mignon is so tender you can cut it with your fork and special sauce on the side for your dipping. But the steak was done so perfectly done it tasted so delicious,  ono, excellente,  fabulously incredible. I also had a Mai Tai drink that was like I was back in Hawaii. I had made them make it the way I wanted with the dark rum and the right amount of pineapple juice. I like the layered way and mix it when your ready to drink.I would recommend place to all my friends if they wanted a place to go for that special occasion or for a special evening out with your special someone. Make your reservations if you decide to go here.The service is superb and the attention they will give you. Of course the tipping 20% is appropriate for this place as they will not ignore you.
4	Was recommended by a coworker to this restaurant. First impression was very good. The place looked clean somewhat old fashioned. The food was good the steak was very tender. The thing that really stood out was the service. All the staff was friendly. We were there to celebrate my girls birthday so the entire staff signed a card wishing her a great birthday which was a nice detail. Our server Heather is who deserved the 5 stars she was very attentive and funny. She recommended a few things to enhance our meal which were right on! I Would defiantly recommend this place to anyone and look forward to going back when we are in town.
5	Really nice staff.  Everyone was making sure our food was perfect.Excellent steak and potatoes.  Just what we were looking for.
5	Excellent Food. Excellent Service. Zero Complaints. The Tomahawk Ribeye Steak is fabulous. Expensive but well worth it.
4	Best steak I've had, hands down. Better than Mastros, Wolfgangs, Cut, you name it. The only one I can't compare is Peter Lugers. As for the steak, it had a perfect crust! Just the right amount seasoning. I had a 24oz American Wagyu Bone in Tomohawk.Don't miss the crab cakes, spinach and lobster Mac. Trust me!
4	I got the petite filet mignon medium rare on the cool side and it was amazing! Perfectly cooked and seasoned. The mashed potatoes had skin included which I'm not a big fan of- but it was tasty. The bleu cheese wedge salad was delicious. The cheese chunks were not too sour like with some bleu cheese and the strawberry cheese cake was on the fluffy side and not as dense as some places.
5	Went for my wife's birthday, loved the service we got and also they wrote my wife a birthday card!!! Awesome steak house with awesome service! We ordered Lobster Mac-5 star! Crab Cake-4 star! Spinach Supreme- 5 star!, Filet Mignon-5 star!, Porterhouse-5 star!
5	After reading all the good reviews on Yelp, my wife and I decided to try Del Frisco's one night. I will say that it was one of the most interesting dinners that we have ever experienced!We arrived a little early for our reservation but they seated us immediately. Our first impression was that the restaurant was very loud, but I think we were walking into the bar area because they seated us in a smaller room with 6 or 7 other tables and a large group on the back wall. The room should have been quiet but that is where the real excitement began!We sat down and ordered a drink, only to realize that the large group sitting just a few tables away already ordered their drink (and them some). I knew they had been drinking for days on end because they began to sing songs, clap, yell, laugh, etc. like they were celebrating a thousand birthdays! This went on until the hostess attempted to seat another table right next to them. After 5 mins the table requested they be moved and were met with mocking cheers from the group. Another 5 mins went by and 2 other couples walked in and immediately requested a table in a different area because of the antics taking place. After each couple left, the group became more belligerent and entertaining.  At that point, we couldn't resist watching this all go down - even though it was interrupting what was supposed to be a quiet, romantic dinner for two. After a few more minutes, the manager approached their table and requested that they show some courtesy and quiet down. Of course, the manager was met with complaints and mocking responses; that's when things really got good! If that were my restaurant, I would have grabbed them off their chairs and kicked them out the door at that point! The manager came to our table and asked us if we would like to be moved. We declined the offer because we were already eating our appetizer and enjoying the show. Finally, after another couple walked in and left, the manager asked the group to leave the restaurant. At that point their anger boiled over and they began to argue and refuse to pay their bill. They also approached our table and asked us if they were being rude. Of course, we told them exactly what we thought of their actions that evening. After a few more complaints and insults, they finally left the restaurant!Back to our dinner: We both ordered the Caesar salad and filet. The salad was great and the steak was one of the best in Vegas! The service was exceptional and the manager should be applauded for the way she handled everything. I have never seen anyone kicked out of an upscale restaurant but they definitely deserved it - and then some! They even comped our appetizer and desert; which was completely unnecessary!We will definitely add Del Frisco's to our favorite list and we won't forget to order the chocolate cake for dessert!
5	I am such a fan of this happy hour that I am almost reluctant to leave a review. It is hard enough to find a seat at the bar. If you are not there by 5:00 you will be waiting. An excellent menu at any time, the HH discounts make it especially good. And they offer a good Pinot by the glass, so you can properly compliment your entree. I should also mention that there is a piano player. Live entertainment is always a bonus.
5	Made reservations on Open Table for a party of 4 on MDW 2014 (Sunday). Upon arrival, we were seated right away. Like a fine dining restaurant and a like a professional, our waiter greeted us right away, introduced himself and the menu. Benjamin, our waiter, had a fantastic attitude, very welcoming and made our experience personable. I guess on Sundays,  they offer a prix fix menu, which was the perfect portion. I had an 8 oz filet mignon, medium rare plus (cooked to perfection), with a Del salad, avocado dressing on the side, and their signature crab cake as my chosen side, all for $47? They allow different choice of steak with a small additional fee. Mentally, the 8 oz seemed like a tiny, small cut, but like I mentioned it was the perfection portion. We ordered additional sides that can feed the 4 of us with leftovers: lobster mac and cheese, creamed spinach, mushrooms and asparagus.  The lover had a huge 22 oz bone - in ribeye, medium rare. He killed it, nothing left on that bone. The other couple ordered prix fix menu but upgrade to ribeye. Another great fact, is everyone's food served at the same time. Great customer service. This is by far my favorite steak restaurant. Better than Mastros, Ruth Chris, Houstons, 5A5(this one in SF), Flemings Beverly Hlls, and STK. Also, forgot to mention, complimentary cakes (freshly made lemon cake and cheesecake) celebrating Anniversaries.
2	I have eaten at Del Friscos at least three times, due to friends birthday dinners and have never had a good experience. The service is always slow the food is never cooked right. I ordered the bone in filet this very last time and it was extremely fatty definitely not a good cut. We were even told our cab was outside waiting for us towards the end of dinner and in fact it was not. This place really needs to get it together and I do not understand the excellent reviews this restaurant gets. the only thing we enjoyed here was the lemon cake. To be honest this restaurant is at the same level as Outback Steakhouse. The only plus is that the noise level wasn't too loud so you can actually conduct a little business during dinner. With so many options in Las Vegas I will never return to the steak house no matter which occasion it may be.
4	This place was delicious.  I had a bone in rib eye or something forgot the name that was on the menu.  There special potatoes which are cheesy and gooey.  Asparagus and something else.  Crab cake was bomb.  The oysters were good and fresh and the king crab legs were awesome.  I love the service here, everyone was friendly and fun and playful when engaged.  For Dessert I had the Mousse I believe it was, maybe I'll upload pictures.  It was TDF.  My friend got the lemon cake to take home for his bday wish I would have tasted that.   Supposed to be really good.  The lounge singer was a little cheesy but overall great place. Sorry for lack of details but I waited two weeks to write this.
5	Best steak out there.  We ordered the double eagle 26 oz bone in cut along with the stone crab claws.  Steak was cooked the way we liked it, and as we requested.  Medium with a pink inside...not bloody.  Perfection in taste with the right char on the outside and flavors bursting from everywhere.  Hands down, this is the place to get steak.  We just caught the end of stone crab season.  Lots of meat in those claws and we ordered the large, not the jumbo.  Lemon cake was absolutely amazing and moist.  I wasn't much of a fan of the lemon cake but after that, I most definitely am.What made our dining experience cool was the amazing service Brian gave us, as well as the manager, Amanda, stopping by to greet and chat. Amanda and Brian were warm and friendly, as well as professional.  The staff and food make the place what it is.  We were there to celebrate our anniversary as well as babymoon, and they made it special for us.There are locals hanging out at the bar and enjoying happy hour.  Somehow, the place doesn't seem as stuffy, but do go in there dressed somewhat decently .   This is now my wife's and my top place to get steak.
5	One of the best steak houses in Las Vegas!  It is up there with SW.  Excellent service by all staff.  Especially loved the VIP cocktail!  YUMMY!  I'd go back just for that.  The steak was of course great, but the lemon cake was moist and delicious.  Will be back again!
5	This is one classy joint and the meals there will not disappoint.For appetizers we ordered Oysters on a Half Shell. This was my first time eating raw oysters on a half shell, I was a tad hesitant at first, but I read about them and was excited to try them.When the oysters came out to the table they had 3 different choices of sauces to douse your oysters with: One sauce contained red wine vinegar with chopped onions, 2nd a cocktail sauce, and side of freshly grated horseradish, of course a wedge of lemon.  The first oyster I partook in, I only added the lemon juice and horseradish. With little hesitation I shucked the oyster in my mouth the cold, slippery mollusk hit my tongue like a wave from the ocean. I slightly chewed and swallowed, I LOVED IT!The next Oyster I ate, I put some of the vinegar sauce on it, as well as some cocktail and horseradish, and a splash of lemon juice.  This oyster was slightly bigger and different than the one I had prior, I think this was from the east coast.  Anyway, I shucked it, chewed it, and swallowed.  This was so delicious, It was almost like tasting the sea breeze, and the after taste was of melon. Kind of like the taste of a watermelon rind. I was shocked to have tasted this, because I wasn't sure my taste buds were to detect it.For dinner I  ordered the 16 oz Prime Strip.My friends ordered one 16 oz Lobster, and the fish of the day which was Flounder.As for the sides: Lobster Macaroni and Cheese, Potatoes Au Gratin, and Asparagus.The waitstaff serve you each individually asking if you would like each side, and they place the sides on your plate at the table.  They melt the butter for your lobster at the table as well.The prime strip melted in my mouth, so tender and juicy, I didn't need any sauces or anything, It was seasoned and cooked perfectly. The waitstaff waited for us to take the first bite and asked if everything was prepared to our liking before leaving the table.The side dishes were out of this world! My favorite was the lobster macaroni and cheese.  It was so delicate and delicious.  The flavors all combined perfectly and was unlike any other macaroni and cheese I had eaten before.The asparagus was crunchy and fresh, lightly salted with almonds and olive oil.The potatoes au gratin were cheesy and creamy, definitely one of the best sides to have with a nice juicy steak.I tasted my friends flounder with couscous, it was so fresh and flaked off in your mouth like it was meant to be there all along.You cannot forget the mouth watering Lobster tail that my other friend had.  So juicy and meaty. The butter paired with it so well, it was like a velvety blanket of love.For dessert the brought out a 7 layer lemon cake for my birthday! The most moist cake I have ever eaten. My taste buds were in heaven and I couldn't believe all the wonderful things I was tasting!I cannot wait to go back to Del Frisco's again!BTW order a lemon drop martini, they are amazing there.
5	I swear I reviewed this place.. yelp are you removing my reviews?!well here we go again then!I am a very very picky steak eater, I love steak and am pretty hard to impress.but, the steak here impressed me. I honestly forgot what I got since it was a while ago but I remember it being amazing, I do remember that I added the peppercorn extra for a few dollars and it was totally worth it. cooked and marinated perfectly, steak melted in my mouth!the sides on the other hand were not so amazing, the mashed potatoes tasted like they were from a box and the corn tasted like it was from a frozen bag BUT the point is this is a steakhouse so you come for the steak, not the sides (or that disgusting wine I got) I wanted to try some new wine so I asked for a recommendation and they were very helpful (can't fault the service for how the wine tastes right?) but the wine they suggested tasted like cough syrup! :(, but keep in my with my disappointment in the wine and sides.. I still give it 5 stars? that's how good the steak was.. service was amazing as well! definitely will be coming back when I'm in vegas :)
5	Ordered the veal porter house and my girlfriend ordered the filet mignon. Both steaks were amazing! The best steaks I've had in a long time. If you like Ruth's Chris, this place tops it. Service is great as well.
5	Went to this place as a group dinner (for bachelor party). Parking is valet or a private lot. We took a limo there so not sure how much valet is. It's a pretty big restaurant, i think the capacity was around 500. Hosts/Hostesses were polite and courteous. They also have a pianist playing in the main lobby area. Decor is just nice. Nothing too crazy or fancy but just fancy & nice enough. We got the 32 Oz Wagyu beef for the groom and rest of us got the Prie-Fix menu with the 16 oz upgrade (Prie fix was 49 and you add $12-15 more for the upgrade, not a bad deal if you love meat). We all got different side items (creamed spinach, corn, crab cakes, shrimps, lemon garlic scallops). Crab cakes were delicious as mentioned by other reviews. I liked the scallops and the creamed spinach. I don't think the mashed potatoes were that great but some of my friends seemed to really enjoy them. The Meat, obviously is the main focus of this place (being a steak house). All the meats were cooked real well. It was seasoned well and the the portion size is pretty damn huge so come hungry and ready to devour. I had a hard time finishing my plate. Service was impeccable as our waters were constantly being re-filled and tables being cleaned. It is definitely on the pricey side so I'd recommend coming here for a special occasion.
5	Wow, great steak. I ordered the american wygu tomahawk ribeye. And we also ordered the 1/2 pound king crab. We should have ordered the full pound half was too small. Everything was great!The service was incredible from the hostess that greets you at the door to the team of servers that take care of you at the table.For dessert we itdered the banana bread pudding. It was delicious just wish i had a little more ice cream. The wife got the vip martini and she loved it.
5	I am a foodie and a fussy steak consumer.  Having worked for a couple years in the high end restaurant industry I'm extraordinarily critical about service and standards.Del Frisco's is the finest steakhouse I've ever had the pleasure of eating at.  This place is head and shoulders above the other pretenders.  If those other steakhouses even dream about competing they better wake up and apologize.  Any fan of the competition has never eaten here.  That's it.  End of story.I never visit a city with a Del Frisco's without stopping by.  I have converted many non-believers to the mantra that this is the best steak and restaurant experience they have ever had.Treat yourself!
3	I was a little disappointed, considering the high reviews and the namesake of the restaurant.  Here's why:The PROS:1) THE STEAK:  we got the signature Double Eagle cut medium rare.  It's true what people say - that the steak are a little undercooked than you're used to - HOWEVER, the steak is so gorgeously cooked, it didn't bother me at all.  The steak had a lovely crust on it with great seasoning, and the inside was a little undercooked but the steak's flavor and tenderness was so good that it didn't matter.2) THE CHOUX CORN:  Really interesting twist to creamed corn.  It's cooked with bacon bits and poblano pepper bits.  It's just a tad creamy - not too decadent, which is a nice change because the steak was very decadent.  3) THE ATMOSPHERE:  The place is really nice - lots of mahogany wood and glass.  It also smelled of cigar which gave it that Vegas/baller air to it.The CONS:1) Our seating area:  The hostess sat us next to a table with 2 kids in their party.    We were obviously a couple trying to have a nice dinner, but the 2 kids were so noisy and whiney - it killed the mood until they left after we finished our appetizer.  I wish they were cognizant of what kind of dining atmosphere a couple would want.2)  The sides:  lobster mac and cheese - unfortunately the lobster was so fishy, I just took a few bites and was over it. No offense, but Mastro's lobster mac and cheese still takes the crown.  The dish was also not cheesy - it was creamy but I'd like to see strands of melted cheese getting pulled as I spoon it onto my plate and into my mouth.  The spinach supreme - I usually love bacon.  I seriously do.  This dish had half bacon, half spinach/sauteed onion.  I was expecting bacon bits accenting the dish - I wish they asked me, "would you like some spinach with your bacon supreme?"  =(3)  Service:  She was good but she didn't ask us if we were here for a special occasion or if it was our first time here.  It was our anniversary and it was indeed our first time, but I'm not going to mention it if she's not going to ask us.  I feel like if I do that, then I'm asking for a dessert handout - which I'm always welcome to, but I'm not a beggar.4)  Dessert:  She recommended the lemon cake and the chocolate mousse.  We went with the mousse.  It was good but we were so surprised at how dense the chocolate mousse was.  It was way too rich, so we started eating only the fluffy marshmallow top instead.  They have sorbets but no ice cream variety - only vanilla - that was really disappointing because we expected at least a variety of basic ice cream from a fancy place.Overall, the steak carried the stars to this rating.  The steak is truly amazing, amazing enough to visit an off-strip restaurant, but unfortunately everything else fell short.  I don't think we'll return but we were glad that we tried it.
5	Amazing steaks and even better customer service without the inflated prices of steakhouses on the Strip!  Del Frisco's ranks up there as one of my favorite steak houses anywhere!My friends and I did a side-by-side comparison of the 22oz Bone-In Prime Ribeye ($56) and the off menu 32 oz " American Wagyu" Long Bone Ribeye ($90).  Both were excellent and came out a perfect medium rare.  So much glorious beefy flavor I could hardly contain my excitement!  The flavor and quality was very similar to the bone-in ribeye at Mastro's which is my all time favorite steak.Honestly though, I could not tell the difference between the Wagyu and the regular bone-in ribeye.  The Wagyu was supposed to be more marbled, more tender, more flavorful-- hence the higher price tag.  But if not for the Wagyu having that ridiculously long bone, I would have never tasted a difference.  Unless you have money to burn, I would recommend just sticking to the regular ribeye and saving some money.I can't say enough about the customer service.  Everyone from the girl who took the reservation, to the hostess, to the servers were all super friendly.  Our waiter in particular was very knowledgeable about the menu, from the steak, to the seafood to the booze.  Their blitzkrieg method of bringing everyone food all at once is awesome.  There were literally 4 people at our small table cleaning up plates and dropping off food all in one fast fell swoop.  And speaking of booze, I highly recommend the VIP, a pineapple infused vodka cocktail.  Delicious and refreshing.  Get a pitcher because you're gonna want more than just one.The only part of Del Frisco's that disappointed me was the sides.  We got garlic mash, sauteed mushrooms, and creamed corn.  They were all acceptable, but nothing really stood out.  Mastro's has their black truffle gnochi.  Lawry's has their creamed corn.  I think Del Frisco's lacks a signature irresistible side dish.  This is probably the only thing that prevents this from being a true 5 star review.4.5 stars rounded up!
5	This place is a little off the strip but is and aaammmaazziinggg steakhouse. Possibly the best I have ever been to. They have plenty of parking in their own private parking lot.On to the food. I ordered like a three course meal of some sort. First was the salad. I got the wedge salad with avocado ranch and it was delicious. Then I got the filet cooked well done but it was a tad red for me. Luckily when they bring out your steak they ask you to cut it open to make sure it is cooked to your liking. If it is not they happily take it back for you and cook it longer. The steak was juicy tender and delicious. For the sides I got the lobster mac n cheese and creamed spinach based on the recommendation of our server. The creamed spinach was so gooooddd. You must order it. I will probably get two all for myself next time. Since it was my birthday they brought out a complimentary slice of the lemon cake. It was also very delicious and should definitely be ordered by everyone. It is super moist and has the right amount of frosting. It just melts in your mouth. The service here was awesome. I think our servers name was anna or something and she was so nice and funny. Definitely come visit this place if you are in vegas.
1	Super disappointed with my experience tonight. We made an 8:30 reservation, waited till 9:05 and still not sat, nor were we approached about the unnecessary wait considering we had a "reservation". The hostess staff is completely clueless, and worthless.   Kept telling us "a couple more minutes" when clearly that ran out awhile back.  I appreciate honesty, and truth.  You can't control the course of the night, but can tell a guest when they are clearly 45mins from being sat.  Otherwise, management needs to be re-evaluated.  The restaurant gets one star only because the bartender was amazing and sensed we were annoyed and did what he could to keep us interested.  Only heard wonderful words about their steaks, but will not return to Confirm because it is RUDE to not honor your guests reservations.  I don't care how good your steak is, it's garbage if the experience before or after is subpar.
5	I love Del Frisco's.This is my favorite steak place in vegas.  The service is always super friendly, and the steaks are not as pricey as you find on the strip.The bread is amazing.  They have specials off menu, as many steak houses do, and the Bone-in Filet was the highlight of my night.If you fancy a drink, their old fashioned is on the mark.
5	Heard about this place because of its great Yelp reviews so decided to check it out.  There is a good reason it has 4.5/5 stars with almost 800 reviews. It is a very chill yet classy setting inside. I like the fact it is off the strip so it isnt overly crowded and touristy but yet it is still busy.  Everyone was very friendly from the hostess, to the bartender to the server and the manager also touched down at our table after the meal. We got the seafood/shell fish appetizer to start that had crab claws, crab legs, oysters and shrimp which was a bit expensive maybe for the size of the platter but overall great quality. They could have maybe threw an extra crab leg or claw on there.  We also split a wedge salad that was on point. For the main course we both got the lump crab cakes in lobster sauce which were amazing. Some of the best crab cakes we have had in Vegas. Im sure the steaks are great too but we have been shying away from red meat as of late.  It is a very nice establishment and you should dress accoringly not your shorts, flip flops or tank top kind of place. Overall a great experience and we will visit again sometime!
2	This was our first time to this location of Del Frisco's.  The restaurant was empty (and its SAT night...hmm....) other than one table for two in which they seat us right next to that table......and by the back area where all of the servers hang out and talk LOUDLY.  The service was not great as the only other table that came in was a large party of 12 which they shifted tables and put them right next to us.  So, our server completely abandons us and goes to help them. (Why not one of the other 20 servers standing there talking?????)  I had to finally flag down someone to get our check!  Food was ok, nothing spectacular, just OK.  Too many other fabulous steak and seafood places to go to for the same price point such as Mastro's which I highly recommend.  MUCH better ambience and top notch service there at Mastros! Del Frisco is an outdated, stuffy feeling place and for what ever reason, it smells like the sewer in there but it may be just the old carpet.  DEFINITELY needs updating.  There are too many other great places in Vegas to go here again...not for us!
4	What can you say. Its Del frisco's!!
5	This place is off the strip but totally worth the effort and trip, if you manage to extricate yourself from the trip. The price is better, and if you were to eat the same meal on the strip it would likely cost you double if not triple the price.The boy and I shared the namesake steak, it was delicious. When the steak is brought to your table, the waiter will cut in the center for you to make sure it's cooked to the proper temperature. Oh the CRAB CAKE! It is the best crab cake ever! Seriously! That sauce had so much umami flavor and the crab cake had little to no fillers. After eating the cake, I used my bread to slop up as much of what was left on the plate. We also brought cupcakes for our friend's dinner to which the restaurant stored for us and didn't charge us a cake cutting fee. I thought that was amazing. A lot of restaurants try to nickle and dime you here and there. They also brought out two large slices of their own cake for our two friends. I am definitely returning! Make reservations!!
5	Bone in filet was perfection and I have been to a ton of steak houses across the country.
3	The service was really good so I didn't give them 2 stars even though they tried to sit us at the bar after we made reservations thru yelp which takes you to open table. I ordered the rib eye and when my steak came out it was clearly a strip steak. I asked the waiter if he is sure it is Rib eye?!?! He was very nice and offered to change it. The manager came and after trying to convince me over and over that it was a rib eye, agreed that they had made a mistake and it was indeed not a rib eye. 20 minutes later when my wife was done eating my steak came out. They make everyone cut the steak in half to make sure it was cooked to their liking but a real steak house would never do that! It makes the steak cold!! I know good steak from growing up in New York and going to the best steak houses there that known all over the world. This place is off the strip. I found it on yelp because of the great reviews but I'm not a fan!
5	The best steak house ever!!!  The bone in steaks are perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked to perfection.  Del Frisco's re-defines what a quality steak is.  They don't drown their steaks in butter or anything like that but use the perfect blend of sauces.  Service was incredible they server the timing he brought out wine, appetizers, main course was almost telepathic great timing.  A must try!
4	This place was really good. I had the filet mignon and i loved it. You can taste the peeper on the filet mignon, which I like. I also had the macaroni and cheese with lobster, creamy spinach and asparagus. Loved it all!  I would recommend the creamy spinach and asparagus side to everyone. I also tasted my husbands shrimp scampi, it was a little to oily for me but the shrimp was good. For dessert the lemon cake was delicious I never thought I would like it but it totally "wow"ed me. The service was even better!!!! I felt like royalty and everyone I mean everyone friendly.
5	My experience here was thoroughly enjoyable from start to finish and, for me, the off the strip location is one of its attributes.   It's an easy cab ride from many strip hotels, especially those on the east side of Las Vegas Boulevard because it's a straight shot down Paradise Road.  We had a 6:30 p.m. reservation on a Saturday night and were seated promptly upon arrival.  Our server did a great job of walking us the menu and off-the-menu offerings and making recommendations, which later proved to be spot on.  Our server and the other members of the wait staff did a great job from start to finish.  The service was friendly, professional, and attentive but never intrusive or pretentious. The meal was well paced.   My buddy and I each ordered the 10 Oz bone-in-fillet, seafood paring, salads, and sides, all preceded by the recommended Calamari appetizer.  The Calamari appetizer was terrific.  The crab cake seafood pairing was excellent.  The sides (mushrooms and creamed spinach) were very good.  My fillet was perfection.  Sadly, after polishing off the Calamari, the salads, the steaks, the seafood, the sides, all washed down by cocktails, neither me or my buddy had room for dessert.   I will save room next time for the Lemon Cake.
3	Sorry this is not the best steak out there , not good enough to deserve 4.5 stars . Id give it 3.5 because its better than average but take off half a star because their mashed potatoes "chateau potatoes " are pretty flavorless and they charge for things like steak sauce . When you're paying $79 for a steak youDon't need to be gouged $4 for peppercorn steak sauce (although it was good ) . The VIP martini infused with pineapple was awesome though, as was their lemon cake . Their scallops weren't as good as I've had in the Bay Area at 5a5, but their crab cake was great . You will have a good meal here but if spending $200+ I expect a great meal, not just a good one.
2	After reading the reviews and seeing this place had over 800 reviews with a 4-star plus rating, I figured it had to be amazing.  Well, I stand corrected.  I am torn on whether or not to give it 2 or 3 stars, but went with 2 as "Meh. I've experienced better."  In fact, for the price, I've experienced A LOT better! We went to the restaurant to try their summer pre fixe menu pairings.  The restaurant was somewhat difficult to locate in the restaurant "circle" off Paradise.  Upon entering the restaurant we were greeted by teenage hostesses in fish net stockings.  Not very classy.  We read online that the attire was business casual and we dressed for the occasion, only to find a restaurant full of shorts and t-shirts.  I'm not uppity, and I understand Vegas is by and large casual, but that left something to be desired.  Upon being seated we got a waitress whose appearance was unkempt, and when my fiancee asked a question about the menu she proceeded to start talking over her about the specials of the evening and continue through her spiel.  Upon ordering dinner, I requested a glass of whisky to enjoy with my steak.  The glass of whisky made it out after our meal.  We both ordered our Filet's medium rare, and when they arrived they were more well than rare, and very dry.  The server did request we cut into them to make sure "they were absolutely perfect" when they arrived, which was a nice touch.  After much prodding by management, my fiancee agreed to send her steak back for a new one as she didn't want to be a burden or waste food.  The attentiveness was nice, but the steak they brought back the 2nd time (even with my fiancee expressing switch it to "rare" instead) was even more cooked than the first.  Let me be clear, the food was not terrible.  However, for the level of reviews this restaurant has, and the prices they command ($200 after tip for the 2 of us), it is hardly 4-star plush worthy.
3	3.75 starsSo many upsides: - sophisticated, classic steakhouse (i like that shit)- pretty/flirty waitress who checked on us often- prix fixe menu for $49 (with an upcharge if you order any cut other than filet)- amazing crab cake with lobster sauce...soft, no crunchy outer crust, but delicious, nonetheless - VIP martini: vodka & pineapples...need i say more?- lemon cake: gigantic multi-layer fluffy cake, not-too-tart lemon buttercream frosting...amazing for breakfast the next day- avocado ranch on his saladDownsides:- caesar salad was boring, not enough dressing- my filet had a huge chunk of something gross & inedible running through it (tendon?) After cutting that part out, the remainder was not well seasoned, far from the tastiest steak I've hadSidenote/another downside:- table of 10+ who'd clearly pre-partied before ordering more drinks at the restaurant. Odd that a rowdy table would be placed in the same room as 6 couples; the restaurant is big enough to separate the partiers from the cupcakers. I feel the waitstaff allowed them to be loud & obnoxious because they didn't want to jeopardize the large tip coming from a large bill. Makes me laugh when 41-year olds try to party like 21-year olds...y'all gon' feel that in the morning!!!
5	Loved my filet mignon the crab cakes are delish and go with the del salad! i cant wait to go back in November when we visit vegas. Tatiana our server was just top notch!
5	A must every time I go to Las Vegas!  Get the lemon cake.
5	Great Old Fashioned Steak House. I enjoyed the 32 oz Wagyu Bone in Ribeye ... 5 Stars !!!! Oysters were not up to par, but the Lobster Mac & Cheese and Potatoes AuGratin were Awesome !!!!
4	I'd give it 3.5 stars. The prix fixe menu is a pretty good value unless you want their 24oz prime porterhouse. I'm OK with an upcharge since that's much different from the 8oz filet it normally comes with. What I have a problem with is getting charged $30 more for a steak that's only $20 more on the menu. When the manager's answer is "that's a corporate decision" and offers no other explanation, I think that's a really really poor answer (if I can even call it an answer). The food was really good. I had very little waste on my porterhouse and it was very flavorful. My wife's filet was just right. The shrimp that it came with were huge and had a great bbq type sauce to go with them. The service was very good with one glaring exception. They forgot our au gratins. When asked about it she had a blank look in her eyes. About 5 minutes later they were brought out to us and we were told our order had been burned so they made us new ones. No, they weren't. They were simply forgotten. Just say so and we'll move on, do not lie to us. A few glitches but the food was stellar. Will we be back......I'm not sure.
5	Omg this place was amazing!  First time here and the steak was unbelievable!  I had the tomahawk and it was sooo soft it melted in my mouth! U should also put truffle butter on it...May not b too good for the heart but it's ooooh so yummy!  :-)     I don't think I can enjoy another piece of steak anywhere else now. Lol.  The staff was amazing as well.  I even received a personal handwritten thank you card from my waitress.  Thank you to the staff at Del Frisco....u are wonderful.  Can't wait to go back!
5	Ill make it quick.   Awesome Steaks  Rib eye is my favorite.  Great sides and awesome service.  Great steakhouse just barely off the strip.  It's a steakhouse so its not cheap, so be ready to spend some $$.  Every time I go to Vegas I try and visit this place.
5	Dropping by this beautiful steak house on my wife's birthday. I was amaze on how quickly they seat us and how well they take good care of us. On top of all that, their food are awesome and meeting our old friend is a great occasion.Absolutely great experience.
3	A pretty typical old school steakhouse - just like a dozen others in LV.  The food was pretty good. We didn't care for the service...they threw food at us and continually interrupted our conversations, and I didn't care for the hard sell on steak toppings or sides. I won't hurry back.  There are too many other good steak places in this town to warrant a special trip to this one.
5	I love this place. Everytime I am in LV this is my go to place. Consistent, courteous, and the food is always excellent. Take the time to enjoy the finer things in life at this shindig. Eat some steak.
5	The service is superb! The food speaks for itself. The filet is one of the best in town!!!! The atmosphere is awesome. Sexy ambience, along with a traditional old fashion setting. Very romantic! Don't forgot about the happy hour. It's the best!!!
4	Excellent food but the service really makes this place top notch.  Also very kid friendly Which was a bit of a surprise ;). Stick to the steaks as they are the best i have tried.
3	Good food and welcoming servers.
5	This is the best Steak House in Las Vegas. The staff and service are fantastic. Liz is the best. The VIP martini's are great.
5	Had dinner here on Sun/10 Aug with a coupla buddies:- We did a long walk to here from Monte Carlo.  After dinner, we had the staff call us a cab which they did with no complaint.  (Also, they didn't trouble us about our schlubby attire and tacky footwear).- I had the $49 Prime-Pair Filet, Crab Cake & Side.  I opted for the Del Frisco's salad over the wedge, nothing spectacular.  The crab cake, filet itself, with the side of grilled(?) mushrooms I chose were delicious.  I've been in Vegas 4 years and I wish I had tried this steakhouse sooner (even though it's part of a chain).- Also got the pineapple infused martini (next to some tables there are massive jars with pineapple wedges marinating in the liquor), I think that was $13/ea.  Tasty.- My compatriots also enjoyed their meal and we all satiated the appetites we built up making the trek here.
5	Everything about it was fantastic! From the hostess, to the bartender, to our server and the servers assistant. The food was worth every penny and especially that lemon came for dessert. Big enough for several people but the two of is shared it :3The delicious jelly beans at the front door gave it that extra special touch. I'll be back!
1	This is a letter I just emailed to corporate- it should illustrate our horrible service. Let me add a caveat though- the waitstaff was wonderful. Our server was wonderful. I couldn't have been happier about them. The GM on the other hand- needs to find a new job. She should NOT be in customer service. (Also, if you are squeamish, please don't read. IE- FOOD POISONING.) On August 23rd, I joined my boyfriend and best friend for a celebration dinner at your Las Vegas establishment. We sat down around 6:00pm and our Server Laura was absolutely fantastic. She was friendly, personable and very helpful in finding gluten free options for my boyfriend, who has Celiac's disease. (It also helps that me and my best friend were servers for a collective total of 17 years. She has worked as one for 10 and I was one for 7 years. We know great service when we see it and were happy to have Laura be a part of our celebration for my friend graduating the police academy and her officially becoming a police officer.) The only thing my boyfriend and I had that our friend did not was mashed potatoes and scallops. We also ordered one single drink each and drank lots of water. (My friend and I had the VIP and he had a glass of scotch.) I will also point out that while I ordered the scallops, I had one single bite of a fourth of one and ended up giving my boyfriend the rest. While I sometimes like the taste- depending on the texture, it isn't always something I can eat.My boyfriend and I had a show we needed to catch. *Mystere* He felt fine the whole entire time at the show but when we left to get our car from valet- he started feeling ill. (This is about 3-4 hours after leaving your restaurant.) We had planned on going out further and enjoying some of the desserts Vegas has, but were forced to head back to our hotel, due to how he was feeling.When we  got back to the hotel, he ended up throwing up in the lobby. It was embarrassing and just plain awful. Thankfully he had the foresight to move away from most of the traffic (patrons,) but he still could not hold it in long enough for us to get back to the hotel room. When we finally made our way back to the room, he threw up about 3 more times and was forced to stay by the toilet for a few hours, due to his condition.While I understand generally people overeat, eat at a several different places through the course of the day- we did not have that experience that day. We ate breakfast at 9am- which consisted of fruit, granola bars and coffee. Nothing that would have caused the reaction he and eventually I- would be having. We decided it would be wise to call your Las Vegas location the next day- not only to find out if there were other cases, but also to warn your kitchen manager and general manager, since something like food poisoning can be a costly issue. Not only dollar wise, but also reputation wise. By Sunday, he was feeling better and while he did have some side pains in his ribcage from retching so violently- he was able to eat small and light things and keep them down. He was having diarrhea and  I - by lunch time- ended up throwing up a few times and also started having diarrhea- which lasted well after our arrival home in Los Angeles. When the GM got on the phone- she didn't even apologize really for our experience the night before. Instead, she went into an account of how she served 100-120 scallops that night and not one other person called to inform her of food poisoning. She implied that we must be making things up- or said he must have been dehydrated or drank too much. My boyfriend is from Israel- he knows how to deal with heat and knows to drink plenty of water, which we both had been doing. We also had stayed in our hotel till about 4PM Saturday, which means while most people were out in the heat, we were enjoying a 70 degree hotel room, full of water and cool air. I tried to explain this to the GM and also mention that I was a server for many years and know what to look for with food borne illness. I also know that scallops depending on if they are from Mexico or not- can be contaminated and no amount of cooking will kill the algae that reacts poorly to the stomach lining once digested.She did not once accept any sort of responsibility and insisted that it did NOT happen in her restaurant and how dare we accuse her of such a thing. There was no sort of concern whatsoever to your other patrons or any sort of follow up on her part. As a general manager, it is her 100% duty to follow up on the safety of your patrons. If one item is mishandled, even if she doesn't hear from other people- she is still responsible for those who are effected by it. The right thing to do would have been to speak with her kitchen manager and do a full investigation in looking into how things are being handled and even reviewing tapes of the kitchen to ensure no cross contamination occurred.
5	I'm a huge fan of filet mignon and this place has one of the best filets! ...then there's the pineapple martini that is TO DIE FOR - but be careful they sneak up on you! Sometimes they have specials and you can get this amazing food for a great deal too!
4	We Came here for steak dinner for a bachelor party.  We read some decent reviews about this.Food:  Started with the tuna tartare and the seafood soup.  The soup was delicious however a bit too much pepper seasoned on it.  The tuna tartare was pretty decent with great seasoning and it came with great toasts.  My friend end up ordering the 8z  Filet,  I ordered the Osobuco veal shank. It was decently marinated. However, the Pasta that came with it was completely dry and stuck together.  It was not edible at all.  My friend's filet was cooked perfectly to do medium rare and seasoned well.   We also ordered sauteed spinach, broccoli and sweet potatoes.  They told us was a family size.  But those portions were NOT family size. Barely enough for 2 people.   For the pricing of the sides,  those portion were Not worthy.  But the sides were cooked very well.  Overall, the food was pretty good. But they seem to miss out on some details.  3.5/5Service: This Waiter was like a car dealer,  trying to sell every dish that you had questions for.  He was very knowledgeable.   The water boy were attentive and refilled our water consistently. The main waiter kept checking in us to see how we were doing.    It was very good consistence service during a pack dinner time.   4/5Atmosphere:  When I walked in, It smelt like sewer smell.  It almost ruined my appetite.  However the place is very big and split up into sectors.  I like the spacing of the tables to allow people to walk and you cannot hear other table conversation.  It was decorated very well.   3.5/5  Overall, I will round it up to give it a 4 due to the consistency of the service and most of the dishes came out to be great.
5	Great customer service: lemon cake on the house with sweet wine. You have to try lobster macaroni & cheese. Seared tuna, crab cakes were also better than expected!
5	I typically go for a ribeye, but decided to branch out and try the filet (medium rare). Just amazing. My knife just cut through it like butter and it just melted in my mouth. The beef tasted pretty good. But not as good as a rib eye; the filet doesn't have much fat so it loses out on those flavors.For sides we shared the lobster mac & cheese and the mashed sweet potatoes. Both were just great. How I love carbs...
4	Came to Del's for my birthday dinner this year.  We arrived early thinking we would get a drink at the bar.  Their VIP drink is my favorite drink ever.  To our surprise we were seated immediately.  Service was terrific.  Several staff members checked on us and wished me a happy birthday.  Everything on the menu looked so good we ordered way more food then we could eat.  We started with crab cake, seafood soup and Caesar salad.  For mains we got shrimp scampi and bone-in rib eye.  Lobster mac and cheese, chateau potatoes and onion rings were the sides.  Our food was excellent.  I would pass on the seafood soup and onion rings next time though.  Nothing wrong with them, just personal preference.  We finished the meal with a complimentary slice of their famous lemon cake and a card signed by the staff.  A few days later we got a thank you card in the mail from our server.  That was a first for me.  I'm sure they make her do it but it was still a nice touch.  Overall, Del's is a solid choice for an off strip steakhouse.Oh and at Thanksgiving you order to-go side dishes!
5	Every single second of this dining experience was top notch.It started with a complimentary shot (it was my birthday) of their house specialty VIP Martini which was mandarin vodka soaking in fresh pineapple - Yummy!I had the $49 house special which includes Salad, Side & Steak.  I upgraded my steak to a bone in fillet and it was amazing. This place specializes in bone in cuts of meat and i recommend that is what you order.The mac-n-cheese is a must order and its a huge portion (easily feeds 3-4) The mashed taters are also very large in portion.Plan on spending some time here - They want you to stay relax and enjoy.Plan on spending some $$$ but its well worth it.
1	Big surprise no one has contacted me to follow up. A woman from corporate emailed me on yelp asking for my number and never called. Truly impressed with their complete disregard to protecting their patrons and following up with something that effects every guest.
4	Walked in after a show and enjoyed a great experience. The entire staff were friendly and our server Carly was fantastic -great personality! If you are not on a time constraint take time to enjoy a cocktail before dinner. The Manhattan and bourbon berry ginger beer cocktail were spot on. If you like crab cakes, the appetizer with Cajun lobster sauce added the right amount of spice & flavor to a seafood favorite.  We enjoyed the 32 oz tomahawk chop & filet trio -which were well cooked and seasoned. The tomahawk was perfectly seared. There were big chunks of lobster in the lobster mac & cheese -delicious! Oh and if you are a true meat connoisseur the bone marrow butter is not to be missed. If you have room for dessert the lemon cake and espresso martini will complete the experience.
4	Love love this place! My family took me for my BD when we Were in town. I had the best steak & since I am unable to eat Gluten, which our waiter picked up on I received sorbet with a candle.I would highly recommend del Friscos if your in Vegas!
5	Filet bone in was crazy good ..,!!!!  Special cut was awsome ..Good job .,!!!
5	This was a fabulous experience. I can't say enough good things about Del Frisco's. The service was spectacular and the food was delicious. It was my husband's 30th birthday and they helped me make it extra special.
5	I haven't been to a steakhouse in quite some time and this looked like The one to "set it off " The appetizer menu is one of the best I've ever encountered it was tough to choose one but I buckled down and went with the fried oysters they serve big portions andIt was the best fried oysters I've ever had Also had a couple bites of the crab in lobster sauce it was excellent Main course is simple get anyone of the steaks on the menu I got the tomahawk for 2 it was really good Remember its a steakhouse GET a steak don't get cuteMy side was onion rings and they knocked them out of the park They are big huge gigantic etc.Dessert is no joke in here they got two that really caught my eyeThe 7 layer lemon cake and banana bread pudding I was able to have both and it was close but where can you find Banana bread pudding that's the winner Time to act : Your role = Be a tourist When you go here say you are a tourist Trust me they will treat you better Say you are catching a show later So they don't take forever Yes this is a 5 star but there was something a little off
5	Excellent in every form. Two visits in three days. Would eat here every day if I could! Everything is cooked and prepared to perfection.
5	This place is great. The Prime Rib Eye Bone In was ridiculously good and cooked to perfection. Be sure to get the dozen oysters, six is not going to be enough when they are that good. Chopped salad was dressed perfect and you can taste all the ingredients. We finished with the Lemon Cake and could not have been more pleased.  Get off the strip and go here.
5	Was in Vegas this past weekend for a girlfriend's bacherloette party.  She wanted have a nice dinner so one of the girls planned and reserved Friday night at this steakhouse for the 7 of us.  We actually arrived 1/2 an hour late, but called them and they were ok with it.  Once we arrived, we were seated immediately and the hostess was so gracious and professional. Once we were seated, we ordered a pitcher of their special drink (vodka infused with pineapple juice), really good and I would definitely recommend this. Steaks are usually too big for me since I'm small so I decided to split with my sister and we all shared different sides.  We ordered:- Porterhouse - medium rare - this was so delicious and the cut and cook was perfect for the both of us to share.  It was tender and juicy and one of my favorite cuts now. - mushrooms - really juicy and enough to share for the 7 of us, they brought out extras just in case- creamed spinach - this was my least favorite, it was a bit on the salty side so I barely touched it- broccoli - this was simple steamed broccoli with butter- mashed potatoes - this was my favorite side, it was so good that I couldn't stop eating it.  We all loved it.We had so much fun and enjoyed our food here.  The ambiance is wonderful and the staff was a lot of fun and made us feel welcomed.  I heard they are opening one in Irvine, CA, so I will try that location the next time I come visit.
5	My boyfriend and I were in Vegas for his 38th birthday. His all-time favorite meal is very simply, a steak and potato. I did my diligent research and decided on Del Frisco's for a special night out. I made an Open Table reservation for 6PM, as we had a show to catch later on that evening. I made a small notation in the reservation that it was his birthday but didn't think anything more of it.That evening, we arrived and were warmly greeted by the friendly hostess. She wished my BF a happy birthday and chatted with us for a moment before another hostess took us to our table. On our table was a birthday card, hand-signed by the entire Del Frisco's staff, and our server came over immediately and introduced himself. He, also, was named Matt and just celebrated his 38th birthday, so it was quite humorous. He was very friendly and attentive the entire night, giving us recommendations when asked, but never was pushy.We decided on the seafood plateau for an appetizer. We both had the VIP drink -- a must try. The seafood was absolutely perfect. The sauces that accompanied the seafood were also to-die-for!After a quick chat with Matt the server about what type of steak we like best (my BF prefers marbling and taste over tenderness), we made our choices. I ordered one of the specials of the evening -- a trio of filets, each with a different topping. My BF ordered the Waygu bone in steak. We also ordered a baked potato side, although it merely out of habit to have an accompaniment.In between courses, we were always checked on, crumbs wiped away, water refilled, and drinks brought out when asked. It was superior service, and I don't exaggerate. Our entrees were brought out and the steaks were beautiful. My BF's Waygu looked like it could have been off of a dinosaur it was so large! The taste, though, was unlike anything I've had...and I love a great steak. Juicy, flavorful, and tender. It couldn't be beat.My filet trio was divine as well. After a couple of drinks and the seafood appetizer, I could only tackle one of the filets. (I'm a notoriously small eater) I really wanted to stuff myself, but knew better, especially since the night was still young. My BF tackled his entire steak and, I think, his eyes rolled back into his head a few times in sheer bliss. He was a happy boy! :)We took a few obligatory bites of the potato, but the meat is where it's at! We were asked if we had room for dessert, and, of course, we did now. However, we were brought a large slice of the house lemon cake with a candle. I tasted it, and, I swear, it was one of the most moist, delicate, delicious pieces of cake I have had -- and I'm a Southern girl who loves her sweets! It was the perfect balance of tartness and sweetness, not heavy at all. The server asked if we were staying somewhere that we could take back what we hadn't eaten (my two other filets, the potato, and most of the cake). We were, so he boxed everything separately and placed it in a bag for us. I consider myself a pretty keen foodie, and I am not easily impressed with showy foods or pomp and circumstance. I, however, was VERY impressed with both the service and food at Del Frisco's. Flash forward to two days after we were back home -- my BF received a hand written card from our server thanking us for celebrating at Del Friscos. THAT was impressive.We will definitely be back in next time we are in Vegas and recommend to anyone who wants their tastebuds to be spoiled rotten.
5	So far the BEST Steakhouse I've been to in Vegas the service was excellent the steaks are amazing comes to your table sizzling hot and the bar is pretty nice as well
2	we had dinner here on Saturday might with a party of five people. We wereGiven such poor service by a waiter named Tommy. he had one of the worst Attitudes of any server that I had in a upper scale restaurant in a long time.The salad and the appetizers were marginal and the cocktails were weak and Overrated. my father had the bone in cowboy steak that was like shoe leather. we waited over a. Hour to be served our dinner and were shocked by the poor service...... Amanda the manager on duty tried extremely hard to make up for,the deficiencies and offered the table desserts and a complimentary cocktail. THERE IS NO EXCUSE FOR,THIS TYPE OF TREATMENT. THE WAITER TOMMY SURELY DOES. NOT BELONG WORKING IN A RESTAURANT LIKE THIS,OTHER THAN A ONE STAR DINER KN THE STRIP.
5	Great place. Took the wife for her Bday.  They even give u a free cake.  Order a banging steaks with a side of Asp. Can't go wrong.
5	Traditional steak house where sides are separate orders. Had the filet mignon and it was delicious. When they brought out the steak, they ask you cut it to make sure it is cooked to your liking. The steak is pretty good. I for one am not a big fan of filet mignon but this one was good. I am definitely a fan of this place now.
5	went here for a business dinner and loved it.  excellent meal!ok, let's start with cocktails.  they make a drink called the VIP, which is vodka infused with pineapple.  o m g.  it's amazing.  sooooooo good!! i would go back just because of it.  seriously. try it.  not at all what i was expecting.  it doesn't taste strong, but yowza it packs a punch.  good stuff!moving on to actual food.  onion rings.  i'm not an onion ring lover (don't dislike them either), but wow, these are incredible.  so well seasoned, and they don't taste like onion at all.  hard to describe, but really... they're pretty great.  i hear the fried oysters are to die for, but i'm not an oyster lover, so didn't try them (but my group ordered a second round - they were i guess THAT good).  steak, i went ribeye.  delicious and tender.  excellent.dessert.  hard to even imagine after all that other food, but yeah, we went for it.  i tasted the lemon cake.  very light and enjoyable.  it all looked fantastic.
5	Food and service is absolutely top notch- Great for business dinners or special occasions. I went to Del Frisco's for a business dinner, now I have to take the wife back. Pricey but worth it when you feel like splurging a bit-
5	Service is phenomenal! Their food is delish but I've fallen for their lobster Mac n cheese and I can't get up!! Once you're done with dinner, I recommend checking out their James Bond table!
3	The bad- Well for the price I expected more.  Don't get me wrong the food was good but boy was it expensive.  I dont usually eat at high end steakhouses because I can cook a steak at home.  We were out for a night on the town so why not splurge a little.  I think our server was not as experienced as the others.  I heard other servers articulating the menu as well as mentioning things that were not on the menu.  Ours did not do that.  The place smelled like sewage in the main area.  Luckily our section was fine.  The air conditioning was awfully cold.  We spent just under $200 once tip was added for my wife and I.  And that was without drinks.The good- 32 oz was cooked and seasoned just the way I like it.  Its nice having a steak being served on an extremely hot plate.  Mashed sweet potato were really tasty.  And the asparagus was perfectly cooked and still crunchy.  The chocolate mousse was not overly rich tasty like many other places.
5	Fantastic service. Amazing food. Try the shrimp three ways and you must finish with a piece of lemon cake.
3	Grabbed a cab and headed over to Del Friscos arriving to find a dated kinda worn feel to it. Not comparable to a classy Chicago Steakhouse but more of a casual comes as you are feel,  The martini was well prepared and the portion was nice.I am one for aesthetics and the first one that grabbed me was that the salad fork is the same size as the dinner fork. Call me weird, but I like big man sized utensils  for $50 dollar steaks. Now about that crab appetizer.  Being from the wine country, I know I am spoiled but if a big hunk crab mixed with a monstrous amount of Old Bay is your thing, you have come to the right place.  I will eat crab served with cardboard I like it so much, but truly just so so.Next was the Wedge salad with blue cheese. This dish can be great when done right but if the lettuce is wet and leaking, the dressing and everything else turns mushy and bland.But, drums please, the steak shines.  There I was with my miniature fork drinking some great cab and enjoying the heck out of my tender flavorful steak with some pretty tasty corn, spinach and mashed potatoes. (Yes I did order three sides.)So maybe skip everything else and have a steak.Great bartender was very well versed in the wine offerings and made the night a fun one.
5	Made reservations for a Thursday night dinner and didn't have to wait at all. All the food was fantastic. The service was also super. The VIP drink is very good. Tasted like fresh pineapples. Me and my friend shared the bone in rib eye. I thought it was a bit too fatty, but it was very tender and juicy. We also got the truffle and fois gras butter in the side to try. The truffle butter is sensational. Definitely try it. There is another mushroom butter the server recommended that I would like to try next time. We also ordered lots of appetizer. The best has to be the crab cakes. It was filled with chunks of crabs, hardly any fillers. The tuna tartar was okay, but the crunchy bread that went along with it goes very well with it. The Shanghai calamari was a bit too sweet for my tasting. Another friend ordered the jumbo crabs and it was very fresh, but nothing out of the ordinary. We also ordered the lemon cake to share with coffee. It was a huge piece. Even for four people we took half of it back with us. It is supposedly made freshly from scratch.
1	Ordered a steak medium well. I was told that meant "slightly pink".  Steak arrived bloody.  I asked if that looked "medium well" -waiter said " yes ".  Completely lost my appetite.  That and the sewer smell = NEVER COMING BACK.
4	This was my first time to Del Frisco's. My Boss said he had been to one in Chicago but never in Vegas so we took out our customers for a great steak dinner.When you walk in its very fancy and since it's the Double Eagle "golf term" they give away golf picks which is cool if you like golf stuff.We made a reservation via opentable for 8 people and it worked perfectly we were seated near that back there restaurant in a banquet room at this larger beautiful round table. Gorgeous place setting and decorations.Our waitress name was Carly I think I can't remember but I feel sorry for her because the group of guys we had at our table were crazy. We all were getting a little bit too rowdy for this type of place.  It was funny but a little nuts. Luckily she was really cool and hooked us up with great advice and our orders came out super quick. So that's a plus.We all started off with beer and wine and I had Jack on the rocks. Then we ordered Shrimp Remoulade and Crab Cakes. The shrimps were delicious because of that the wonderful heavenly sauce they had on them. The Crab cakes were also very good because of a lobster sauce that came with it. Then we ordered some Onion Rings Beer Battered, Thick Cut. These things were massive. It was the biggest onion rings I have ever seen/eaten. I really liked the onions flavor they were perfect and the crust outside was perfect as well.Then we moved on too the main course except I can't remember what everyone ordered but I think my Boss ordered the Filet Mignon 12 oz. and 3 other guys ordered that as well. They said it was cooked perfectly and it was very tender and delicious. I always say let me be the judge. I know a good steak when i eat one. I love steak.So I was looking over the menu and nothing wowed me. I asked our waitress if they had any off menu mega steaks and she said yes we have the Tomahawk Cut 32oz Rib eye long bone. I said hmm that sounds good. So i ordered it medium rare. It was $90.00  It came out pretty quick and I was feeling pretty hungry so i started to dig in. It was cooked just right which was nice. I like it bloody and still wiggling (gross I know)  It was seared perfectly and tasted good but it really needed more spices. I don't know if they just salt and peppered the steak or if they put a rub on it but it was bland in my opinion. It really needed some garlic or rosemary,thyme, oregano, paprika or something. I finished the steak in 20 minutes and I was still hungry.I was a little disappointed on the size of the steak seem smaller then 2lbs.Then for desert our customer recommend we all have a round of Limoncello which i have never had before and most likely never will again. In my opinion they are way to sweet. Almost choking sweetness. I mean if you like lemon flavor you would like this but it's not good to take as a shot all in one. Overall our customer said the dinner was great and my Boss really enjoyed the night so I would say we most likely would recommend and or come back next year for our Sema Dinner event.Thanks Del Frisco's for the awesome memories!
5	A buddy made reservations for our group and we sat at the private room behind the James Bond table. Spoiler alert! You can see the uploaded pics, and I won't ruin it with a description, but it's not quite the same as seeing this contraption up close and personal.Our private dining room was next to the wine storage, and it was quite a well stocked inventory of vintages, magnums, and I think that was a Nebuchadnezzar because it was a gigantic bottle of wine. Biggest container of fermented grape juice I ever did see!Food was excellent. Yes, it's spendy, and the overall quality in taste, preparation, and presentation is fantastic. From what I ordered and sampled among sharable plates, you can't go wrong with any menu selection. They will go the extra mile to make sure your entree is made to your satisfaction.Service was fantastic throughout the evening. The waitstaff checked on us early and often. Drinks were refilled regularly. It's a good thing we were sequestered from the open dining areas because after a few rounds of cocktails and wine bottles, we got loud and obnoxious. Despite our shenanigans, service remained professional and tolerant. Our waitress was well versed in the menu and made suggestions to compliment and enhance entree selections. Whether you're in Las Vegas or other entertainment destination, it's an added bonus to have a knowledgable waitstaff, bartender, or other industry professional who might have inside info or the hookup to a nearby hotspot. Take care of them and they might return the courtesy.Definitely a superb experience at Del Frisco's.
5	We went to this restaurant on a Sunday night and it was great. Everything is a la carte and reminded me a lot of Ruth's Chris.  My husband and I both ordered the prime rib and it was cooked perfectly and was seasoned well. The lobster mac and cheese was yummy! The waiters were very attentive and we even got a thank you note when we got home. Would go back when in town.
5	Really great steak house!  The service was very good - they really go out of their way to make you feel at home here.  My husband and I got the crabcake (SO GOOD), the porterhouse steak (AMAZING) and the filet trio (this was so-so).  We also got a side of lobster mac 'n cheese to share which was pretty darn good.All in all, I'd recommend going with a more traditional cut of steak with no-frills.  The toppings on the filets were a little too much in my opinion.  Also, make sure that you ask to see the James Bond table!  Very worth it. :)
5	Had a business dinner in the private room.  Service was fantastic and not rushed.  I'm sure that the bill being over $2k didn't hurt.  Tomahawk steak cooked to perfection.
4	I enjoyed the Prime Ribeye. It was cooked perfectly for medium rare. The popular lobster macaroni's popularity is warranted. I also really enjoyed their broccoli which was buttered just the right amount. Our waiter was very friendly and deserving of working in the service industry.Unfortunately I had an upset stomach later that night, I think from the rarity of the steak (I didn't have anything else to eat that night). The steak was amazing nonetheless and I would go back.
5	Usually I don't write about service or decor or anything not food related because it really should be about the food. I have to make an exception for this place because they go above AND beyond to satisfy customers.Ordered their special Wagyu beef and thought it was gamey near the bone areas. Server replaced my order immediately with no questions asked and put food on my table within 10 mins. The manager came out to apologize and made sure I was happy THEN sends me a card in the mail afterwards. The steak itself was 4 stars (very good but not stellar) but the service made this place an easy 5 star.
4	After the last manager that hadn't called me back, another manager had called to tell me that they were undergoing management changes and they had apologized for my last visit and requested that I'd give them a second chance.I finally made my second visit a year later and this time, I was pleasantly pleased with their service and their food. Our waiter introduced the specials including each dish's price, which our last server neglected to do. Our server also warned us that they tend to undercook their steaks and made recommendations how our steaks should be prepared. We took his advice and went with medium for their double eagle bone in steak and that did not disappoint! When our food came, they were all served on hot plates and since I was sharing my steak, they brought out an extra hot plate for me. I hadn't noticed the hot plate during my first visit so this may be new. I was very delighted that this kept my food hot for a while, just the way I like it. We had also tried their lobster mac and cheese, which is mind blowingly good! Please get this as your side! You will be in heaven, I guarantee it! All in all, I'm very happy with my second visit and I will return in the future!
5	I went to this steak house for my birthday last month. For appetizer, we ordered fresh oyster, it's pretty good esp the sauce. For the main dish, I ordered the bone in ribeye 22oz, it's really good and the flavor so perfect. I was asking medium for my steak, and it's perfect with the pink inside. The waitress asked me to cut the steak to check if the steak was cooked okay. We ordered lobster mac and cheese, it was alright or maybe I am not a big fan of Mac and cheese lol but my boyfriend said it was okay too. It was over rated. Other than those, we ordered side order mushrooms and corn, I love it.. The service was pretty good!! I highly recommend it if you are craving for steak :)
5	I've had my fair share of steakhouses in Vegas and Del Frisco's rises to the top of the list. I like that it's not part of a casino that houses a steakhouse with marked up prices just to bring in the cash. That isn't to say that the prices are cheap, because they aren't, but Del Frisco's knows how to cook a steak. I came with my group of friends who were visiting for my friend's 30th birthday. The majority of us ended up ordering the $55 Sunday Prime Pair, which was a surf & turf of sorts, pairing an 8 oz. filet with a seafood option.I started with the Del's salad, which had two big crispy strips of bacon to go along with salad topped with an avocado Caesar dressing. Next, I opted for the filet paired with the lemon-garlic scallops and fried capers. This piece of filet was one of the best, if not, the best cooked piece of steak I've ever had. When you say medium-rare, they actually cook it perfectly through and through. It was red and hot in the center and tender beyond belief. I enjoyed the scallops and the signature crab cake I tried was good too. But the focus was all on the filet. For sides, we shared the spinach supreme, chateau potatoes, baked potato, and maque choux corn. The portions were big enough for everyone to share each other's sides. My favorite was split between the spinach and the corn. Unless, you count the lobster mac 'n cheese as a side, which we also ordered. One order was more than enough to share between 7 people, but we went ahead and got a second for good measure. They don't skimp out on the lobster either. By some mix-up, we also ended up with truffle butter for our steaks. Yes, it was that extravagant.The meal ended with a delicious pecan cheesecake topped with caramel. Many steakhouses have the same menu with similar salads, sides, and seafood. But, Del Frisco's just does it a little bit better. It's easy to drop more than a bill here, but remember what to order: the filet, lobster mac 'n cheese, maybe the spinach supreme. You will be set.
5	Went last night for the first time as part of a group of 11 guys.  We were seated in a private dining room next to the wine cellar - very cool!We went all out by ordering crab cakes and king crab appetizers - delicious.  Then everybody ordered their entrees and we picked three sides: lobster mac n cheese, asparagus and creamed spinach to share.  I had the 8 oz filet.  All the sides arrived piping hot and were served to us on the sizzling dinner plate that the steak was served on.  Interesting that as your steak was served they asked that you cut into it right through the middle to ensure that the doneness was as you ordered -  I never experienced that at a steak house.  Of course mine was cooked to specification at medium rare, appeared to be simply seasoned with salt/pepper and the meat was a wet aged prime cut that was as tender as it was flavorful.  We enjoyed Prisoner wine that complimented our meal wonderfully and the wine service was expert with the wine properly decanted and served from carafe.  Anxious to return for another meal here with my wife......the vibe in the bar with a piano player vocalist was good energy.
3	Overrated and likely living on it's reputation.My wife and I were excited to dine at the "legendary" Double Eagle, we'd heard so much about the place. Sadly that didn't happen and likely will not. We arrived a little early for our reservation only to turn around within a few minutes of looking over the interior and left for a competing steakhouse in a nearby casino. We were so underwhelmed, the interior seemed dingy, somewhat noisy and not anywhere near as welcoming and comfortable as you'd expect a highly rated steakhouse to be. The worst part about this experience is that it began before we opened the door, the valet didn't say a word to us and as we approached the main door a strong sewage smell assaulted the senses. Not what one wants to smell when heading in for a bite to eat.Because we left, clearly we did not dine so I cannot say much about the food other than we've had the opportunity to dine a couple of times at a Del Frisco's near us in Southern California and food there has been consistently excellent and the service quite good. Hopefully the Double Eagle was just having a bad day but sadly it left a lasting poor impression with us and it's likely we won't return.
3	My friend and everyone else in the Yelp world talks about this place and they are right; it is pretty good.However, I have been ruined by Mastro's in the steakhouse segment. Anything and everything that isn't Mastro's is hard to impress me. Service: our server was great! Super nice and attentive. He did try to upsell us a lot of things but it's part of his job but it was a bit much. Bread: sesame bread loaf. Simple. Plain. Good thought. Hot. Fluffy... But plain for this type of place. Salad: Caesar Salad is amazing. The dressing is garlicky but super good. We also had their house special chopped salad with a basil dressing and avocado and shredded cheese. Amazing! Steak: Got the filet trip that came Bruno style with scallops, Oscar style with crab, and a filet with a slice of Brie. Scallop wasn't seared well. It was plain. Almost undercooked. The black truffle oil was super delicious! Crab was good. Sides: lobster Mac and cheese. AMAZING. SUPER GOOD. SUPER CREAMY! amazing! Sweet yams.... Are you serious?!?!? These are so GOOOOODDD!!! Overall, it was good. But like I said I'm ruined for life.
5	What canI say, this is the 3rd time we ate at Del Friscos and We've never been disappointed. In fact have to sday its the best steak and lobster tail I have ever had. Service is impeccable, fast, courteous and atmosphere is excellent at the one in Las Vegas. I have also been to Orlando's Del Friscos, which is also awesome, more of a mobster feel there... Its a but p[pricey but everything of this high quality in Vegas is and you cant go wrong. My Rib Eye was cooked to perfection and the sides are to die for! Keep in mind, sides are al-a-cart.  5 stars again!
5	This place is right there with Morton's,Smith & Wollensky, Ruth Chris,Mastro's and any other comparable great American steakhouse....... easily on a par with all of them . Great server Richie ( formerly worked at Gibson's in Chicago another excellent steakhouse )...... gave us excellent recommendations for appetizers,wine and sides...... everything here was GREAT ........ its one of those places that you will look forward to returning to ......
1	If you like mediocre food, slow service (like really, really slow), and indifferent food servers, then this is the place for you.  Oh, did I mention they are also way over-priced?
5	Fabulous meal on New Year's Eve! First rate service in lovely atmosphere. Drinks before dinner with live music in the bar! We dressed up but saw many in  their Vegas Strip jeans/sweatshirts. Too bad for them - we loved feeling special at this lovely place! Steak was divine, shrimp cocktail, scalloped potatoes all perfection. We'll be back :)
5	My friend hosted her husbands 40th birthday party in one of the banquet rooms at Del Frisco's and let me tell you it is first class treatment!  The room was absolutely beautiful, the food was amazing but really what pulls the whole thing together is the service.  We had a Lead server (I believe her name was Tiana?) and several others that assisted her and we never had to ask for anything.  If you want something extra special- Del Frisco's is the way to go!
1	Please whatever you do don't come to San Francisco a $50 corkage fee is just not going to work out in San Francisco Santa Rosa bay area we are wine country please do not offend or wine with your $50 corkage fee. Our family came to Las Vegas this weekend for the CES show when we walked in with three premium bottles of wine and we were told it was a $50 per bottle corkage fee no exceptions the minimum bottle on the menu was $99 we had planned on spending in the neighborhood of four to $500 on our meal because of the corkage fee we will not recommend this place to our friends and family there are too many good places to eat in Las Vegas and the San Francisco Bay area so we moved over to Borders grill in the Mandalay Bay service was great the corkage fee is reasonable and we are having so much fun so have a good time bona petite and have a glass of wine on me. Pardon my lack of punctuation I am using speech to text
