5	We had my son's 4th birthday party at the Lake Mead location yesterday.  It was a great party!  The staff was very helpful and extremely organized, the facility was clean and the kids had a blast!  The magician was hilarious (thanks Famous Wayne) and had the entire room cracking up, kids and adults alike.  I highly recommend for kid's parties...they will love it.
4	learning fast that Vegas isn't just Casino fun time dominated... there are so many good time spots .. when I was taken on a date night to this putt putt I had my doubts only since I love the outdoor ones but then again on a 107 degree day Ill gladly take this spot!! Looks small from the outside but its pretty dang big.Staff was young and energetic... crowd was all smiles and there were couples/families of every age group.  They recommended a laser tag place close by too so that's encouraging for Vegas Youth.  I might be too old for that but sounds fun!!Just like the pictures show its pretty colorful with detailed art... all black lights .. I'm a rock and bowl gal so this was right up my alley --- PUN intended.  I was spoiled as a kid and had been to huge outdoor ones so its why I cant go 5 stars.. but a "yay Im a fan" is oh so very true!!
4	I have a soft spot for "quirky", and this place fills my need for quirk.I've been twice, and both parties commented how much fun it was to play mini golf in this neon-themed jungle wonderland.  Seriously, it's like "Animal Tron", minus the light cycles.  There are some weird animal designs on those walls.  Pretty surreal, actually.The staff has always been nice to me there, always inquiring how the game went, and were easy to talk to.  Prices run less than $10, so it's a cheap trip, and the place is larger than it looks.  18 holes of various loops, spinning starfish, alligators, traps, and that hill hole....  The bane of my existence.  It's bad enough to likely max out your swing limit on this hole.  It's even worse to do this next to a goofy whale with its tongue sticking out, and dolphins wearing snorkels to complete the moment of shame.  Hill hole, I curse your very soul.  My friends and I went in for some serious competition.  Another friend won a free game.  They do student discounts, so bring your ID.  There are also vending machine snacks.Sure, there's murals of monkeys that make no sense, and creepy gorillas that give you the "stink eye" look.  There are banking shots that will wear at your overall score and sanity because it puts your ball back at the place where you originally started, and a neon orange kingly lion that you can sit next to.  You'll wonder why the women's bathroom is in the middle of the ocean (you'll get the reference when you see it), and marvel at the octopus.It's pretty ridiculous when you sit down and think about it, but by God, it works for me.Frickin' hill hole....
4	Cool indoor mini-golf. I thought the 8 dollar fee was a fair price for the time you're able to spend here. The fluorescent lighting was a neat trick and I really thought the animal/safari theme was nice. Great place for kids, they had an area for birthday & pizza party's. Could get hectic if it was busy. I'd go back.
3	Not the best course I have ever been to but will do for our extreme weather conditions.  Not very clean.
2	This is a pretty lame place. The corse is extremely boring. completely flat on every hole. It looks like it was designed by a 6 year old. It wasn't very clean either. Man I miss Scandia. We need another great mini gulf spot out here but this isn't it. I would pass if I were you.
5	8.50 wasnt too bad.We went on a week day and it was empty!!!great place for kids
4	This place is great. yes, like other reviewers stated it could be a little beefed up in regards to how challenging each hole is etc, but I went with my 8 year old niece so for kids- its fantastic. The black light interior is super cool. the staff is very friendly and very helpful. we actually won 2 free games on the last hole and went back the next day to play again. if youre looking for something fun to do with your kids, check this place out. it was about $20 for me, my niece, and my sister.
4	My daughter had her Birthday party here last year and she thoroughly enjoyed herself. The party was enjoyed by children and adults alike. My only gripe would be the rushed putt-putt playing, since with a large group of kids it seems they hurry you through. The party room isn't exactly separate from the public either, but that wasn't really a problem. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The magician they hired to perform during the party (the amazing Wayne?) was hilarious. He had everyone laughing and joining in. I have some of the best pictures of my 7 year old laughing with an open mouth at his antics. The price for the party was fair, the pizzas were literally ordered from Dominoes and delivered to the door. I think this is a nice alternative for an indoor Birthday party. We have since been back just to play putt putt and the kids loved it. When the temperatures soar and you get tired of swimming, this is a nice retreat.
2	This place is terrible. I added an extra star because it was cheap and the black lighting is kind of cool. But, you get what you pay for.My cousin, brother and I came to check the place out. We'd been to Adventure Dome a billion times and didn't want to deal with Strip traffic, so we decided to stay in our neighborhood and try this place out. And I'm always shopping at Whole Foods, so I was curious to check it out.The guy behind the counter was watching 'Star Trek' on Netflix. He was more preoccupied with the show than helping us. I started talking Trek with him, so he speeded up a bit, but he still wasn't helpful.Even towards the end, my cousin's ball got stuck on the top of the "Plinko"-like contraption. It wasn't until I said really loudly, "Well, now we know not to come back here," did the guy come and help us out.The course was totally lame. I grew up in the Bay Area, so I'm used to Golfland and the like. And, like I said, I've been to the mini-golf in Adventure Dome lots of times. Maybe its good for kids, but for us in our 20s, we should've just gone to the Strip.
2	I win! I've seen way more elaborate mini-golf parks, this had no flash nor flare. Employees are nice, but for vegas this complex could use more than the overdose of neon lights and glow in the dark one level attractions. Sounds kinda mean but i know its true.
4	I had my daughters birthday party here since we've been everywhere else. So I did some research and checked their website to see if they host any parties. I saw the package for $215 which includes 10 kids and 4 free adults to golf, pizza, a private room, and a magic show. For an additional $25, we got 2 boxes of pizza, 2 bottles of soda, goody bags for the kids, and a glow necklace. When we arrived we were greeted by our host who is going to be helping us with the party, she was really friendly and explained everything to me. I checked out the inside where all the golfing happens, it seemed pretty cool. My daughter and the rest of the kids loved it! The only things about throwing a party here is being rushed because they have another party coming up, but that happens at every place. 1 hr and 45 min is not enough time because your rushing the kids to hit the ball and go to the next course. After golfing the pizza's arrived I ordered 5 boxes of pizza (additional pizza's are $8). The pizza came from Beach Pizza which was some good pizza. After eating we did the cake and it was time for the magic show. I have to say that the magician was hilarious, the kids as well as the adults loved his jokes.
4	Info:One Round of Black Light Miniature Golf (18 Holes):-General: $8.50-Students, Seniors, Military: $7.00-Children 3 and under: free with paid adult-Re-play (play a second round the same day!): $4.00 Monday-Thursday:  2pm-10pmFriday:  12pm-1amSaturday:  10am-1amSunday:  10am-10pm  I went here on a double date. It was Thursday (King Putt Date Night), so they had a bogo special going on. We paid less than 20 bucks for four people. Awesome deal! After you pay, you get to choose the color of your ball and pick your club. I guess since I'm short, everything just looks bigger to me because I ended up picking out a child size club and didn't notice until we were 1/3 through the game and someone said, "Why are you bending over so far to hit the ball?" I quickly ran over and changed it; No problem there, just a few laughs. Before this, I've never gone cosmic golfing before, so I thought it was SO COOL. Everything was glowing under the black light, even our teeth. It was kind of funny because I wouldn't be able to see my boyfriend's face until he smiled or opened his mouth to talk. At the same time, it kind of sucked because I noticed how much lint I had on my sweater! There were neon green turtles, orange octopuses, blue gorillas, a lion with a crown, and jungle paintings on the walls. Sounds pretty awesome, right? It was!There are 18 holes and four of us, so we were there for about 45 minutes or so. For less than 20 bucks for all of us, we got to enjoy a very fun (and different) mini golf experience. Tips:*Make sure you don't pick out a child size club like I did*Go on a day when there's a special, so you get an awesome deal:Wednesdays:  Family Night.  Each member of the family will receive a $2 discount.  Just ask!  -Thursdays:  Date Night.  If you are on a date, one person pays, the other is free!  Just ask!  *This place is in the same plaza as Create, so you can grab some gourmet burgers when you're all done*Make sure you don't wear anything with some weird stains that will be detected with the black light!
5	Awesome.  Get military discounts every day.  We had both of our boys' birthday parties there this year and both were great.   They are very accommodating to our special dietary needs and offered us a great discount since we weren't going to have their pizza for our party and let us bring in our own food instead.  Very food allergy friendly in that way, which is awesome. The kids love it and enjoy going every time. A nice indoor place to go when it gets too hot outside!
5	Came here at 11:40 last night (Sat) and it wasn't real busy. We had a great time, it's all lit up with black light with hilarious props everywhere. I laughed at almost every hole.It was nice to come in the night, so my eyes didn't have to adjust too much.Price was about right, with student ID or military ID it was 6.50 a person :D score.We had a big group ahead of us, but we were having so much fun, we decided not to play through, and just laugh at the paintings of sharks and eels!This place would be perfect for groups or adult, groups of kids, families, or even a first date. We can here after ending a work shift at 10:30pm, and before hitting a bar,lol.I don't know what took me so long to come here, the place has been open a while. Would definitely return. I especially loved that they were open till 1am last night.
5	I had a blast here its always clean doesn't stink, sometimes places where kids go smells funky i had alot of fun for 2 people it was under 20 bucks and i won a game so i would recommend going here wasnt to over crowded either.
4	This place was a riot!  My buddy and I went (keep in mind we're 26-28) and had a blast!  It was under 9 bucks to play and offered a full 18 holes with twists,turns, and excitement at just about every hole. The black light environment was way cool and in some of the holes made it quite intense getting the ball to its destination!  I give this place 4 stars instead of 5 only because it was a little small; granted it is indoors, I was just hoping for something a bit larger. Overall, I will definitely be coming back!
3	3.5 stars!During the summer, this place is the perfect escape from the scorching Las Vegas heat.  A couple friends came to visit me from California and in total, we had 8 children to entertain.  So, to King Putt Indoor Mini Golf we go! We had 2 infants still in strollers and the girl at the front desk said that it was stroller friendly.  Upon entering the black lit cave, we quickly realized that she lied.  It is absolutely NOT stroller friendly.  We managed, but only because it was not very crowded when we were there.  With the name "King Putt", I was expecting an Egyptian theme.  Apparently, the Henderson location is.  This particular King Putt is a jungle and undersea theme.  There was a radio station playing through the speakers throughout, commercials and all. If I was going to subject my ears to such loudness, I would have preferred it to be something that I could at least groove to.  Nonetheless, the kids had fun and were able to stay nice and cool for a good hour.
1	Today we drove across town with our two kids and arrived during their posted hours of operation. We were turned away and asked to return twenty minutes later because there was a party in session. I understand that this type of place hosts parties, but I didn't appreciate being turned away. The parking lot was full of federal government vehicles (on a Sunday) which is an obnoxious waste of taxpayer dollars.
5	Came here on a double date for the first time, it was awesome!I've never been mini golfing in my life.But the experience was great, also my boyfriend and I did get to bond as he was teaching me how to play lolI came again at another time with my little brother. He loved it.It is a great place for a group of friends or even a family.Love it!
3	This place may not be the loveliest, best-kept miniature golf course I have played on, but I sure do have a blast here! Just remember not to wear black where fluorescent lights dwell ;). My friends and I have been here a handful of times already and it is what you make of it. Don't think too much into it and overanalyze the poor quality. Just hit a few golf balls and have a good time. **Definitely a great place for kids! Glow-in-the-dark course with all different kinds of animal statues and it is definitely a simple course. Nothing too intricate here! In the end, they give you a chance to win a free game for next time. There is a basic arcade with cheesy prizes that you can win with the tickets acquired from the games.
4	My youngest wanted to go play. I had never been there, so it was a pleasant surprise. The big selling point is that it is glow-in the dark mini golf. A bunch of neon paint and black lights really made for a one of a kind golf experience. Place wasn't real fancy, but it didn't need to be. After that we played some video games and other ticket-offering games. Won a bunch of the tickets so the kids can get a bunch of those cheap little Chuck E Cheese-like toys. They also host birthday parties which is good, except for it got a little crowded. I will be back, maybe for my youngest's b-day.
4	My family and I were looking for something fun to do on a weekend, and King Putt delivered.  We used to go all the time when we lived in California, but apparently Vegas only has a couple of options when it comes to mini golf.  King Putt is tucked in the corner of the Whole Food shopping center on Lake Mead.  They offer an 18 hole indoor course with black lights and lots of neon decor.  The course is tightly arranged, but we didn't mind.  We took our time and spent about an hour playing.  The course is open surprisingly late on the weekends, and wasn't too crowded at around 10 pm on a Saturday.  I would definitely recommend for any age group young or old.
4	This place is neat idea to take kids.  My kids absolutely love it!  They beg me to go each time we drive by. I like the cool black lights they have with the mini golf... Kinda neat twist :)
4	Mini-golf is surprisingly hard to find in Vegas.  Weird.This little place is a kids paradise, blacklights, arcade games with tickets to buy prizes and party room.The mini-golf was really fun, simple, but fun.  The blacklights provide a nice touch to the normal indoor kind of experience.  The kids who work there were all really nice, and I won a free game and took the rest of my family a few days later.Great respite from the Vegas Night life and very enjoyable.Definitely recommend a stop here.
4	I have pretty much done everything in Vegas and wanted to get away from the tourists and nightlife. I had a few things on my lists and this was one. This place is well hidden and really not talked about much. I never played Mini golf before so this was really new for me. Good thing about this place INDOORS. No one wants to be out in the heat and wind right now.. so this place you can enjoy yourself without sweating and sneezing.When you first walk in you have about 6 arcade games and air hockey. They have candy and treats you can buy with tickets from the games at the counter. So once you you pay they give you your choice on what color ball you want and give you a club. You walk pass a curtain and walk into a colorful golf course. I was wearing white and black so I lit up like a Christmas tree. The black light also shows you the stains all over the carpet, which I don't even want to know what or where they came from. They give you a count sheet and a pencil to keep score. It also shows you how many tries it should take to finish each course. So when your playing, they kind of keep the courses in a trail, but some would be close to each other or around a wall so you had to make sure you were paying attention. Some had numbers on them and some didn't.. Bit confusing. They animal statues in the middle of some to make it harder to get around them or under them. Moving windmills, blocks that pop up from the ground and also hills. So it was fun that they try to make each one different and harder than the last. At the end, the last course sucks your ball up a tube and sends it into a Plinko machine (Price Is Right) and if it falls in the middle you get a free game. Which someone won when I was there because of the siren. Overall it's a fun place, just needs some touch ups.
4	This was surprisingly fun! The place isn't huge and it's not super fancy, but they have black light mini golf and a little arcade in the entrance. We went late in the evening on a Friday and there was just two other groups there.  If you are in the area and looking for something to do, it's a cheap hour of entertainment, especially with the entertainment book coupon =)
5	This place is really great and open late! Staff is very friendly, and the prices aren't bad either. It was $15 bucks for me and my husband. I would def come back again!
4	We took my son here for his 3rd birthday, only about a month after we moved to Vegas.He had a blast !!! Most fun I have ever seen him have.  It was clean and nice in there.  Not very many people (we went on a week night)  Prices were good and fair.  Was a little to hot for me in there, but to be fair i just moved to LV and wasnt quite used to the weather yet.  After we golfed, which isnt rushed at all, which is great for a 3 year old that takes quite a few shots to actually make it in.We played video games and hung out for a while.Was a great experiance and my son still talks about the golfing place that glows.  So for that it was totally worth it. Will most likly go back. :)
3	Another long overdue reviewA relatively small course but not overly challenging or too simple so it's good for all ages. When I say small, it's one course with little waiting areas so large groups may want to break into smaller ones otherwise, there's not a lot of space for people to situate when waiting for their turn. There is an arcade but not very many games. Dining area for both public and private use. An indoor mini golf range is a great idea for Las Vegas - just wish it was a larger venue to offer multiple courses, ranging from easy to challenging.
4	Tried this place a few weeks ago, very cool and fun to hang out and play miniature golf with friends. We were in a group of 4 and we had a great time. Will definitely be coming back.
4	This place was fun it would have been better had it been maybe 3 or 4 people instead of us 2. Take your time and enjoy the good route because it is a little small! Not a crowded place at all , though I dread golfing the day it is crowded.
5	I love this place . I've gone here a few times with my boyfriend and we have a bunch of fun. The man that works here is more social then the girl( she's on the phone a lot) but it's always a fun place to go with cool art work and graphics .
4	Not a bad way to kill some time. The guy at the front counter was really nice. Seemed a little overpriced but I still had a great time with my sons. Would be better if it was bigger to entertain birthday parties or a large group.
5	At 10:30 on a Saturday night, my husband and I had been at home, debating what we wanted to do that night, since about 7, when he finally grabbed the keys and declared we were going minigolfing. I did not know there was a minigolf place open until midnight in Vegas, but there is. And it is cheap! And it is Awesome!So we went to King Putt. It was great. If you go to mini-golf expecting anything more than campy fun, I consider you to be a silly person. It was about $20 for the two of us, proving I can be a very cheap date.As far as decor; my inner 9 year old was a-twitter. It's all blacklit scenes of funny and happy and ridiculous jungle and ocean animals. My favorite is the Worried Farting  Manatee. You should probably go just to see the worried farting manatee. The rest of the art is actually really quite good, too. Far better than your typical blacklight airbrush work, I imagine they hired some local pros, or at the very least, talented semi-pros.The man at the door was polite and friendly, and seemed ready to explain things if we were unaware of how mini-golf works. Some mini-golf places, if not properly tended, can become sad, sad places, with chipped balls and bent putters whose ends have been picked at by assholes who ruin things for other people. Our putters were clean, straight, and good as new. So were the balls. Even the (adorable, tupperware) water hazards were clean and not smelly. The hazards, traps, ramps and things all worked, and were all a pretty decent challenge.King Putt has a home-grown, well tended vibe. There were two groups in front of us; a family with 3 kids out for a fun night that seemed to be having a blast. They were slow and liked to pose in front of the animals, but we weren't there to rush, so it was fine. The other group was a group of 5 teenagers who must have been the nicest Mayberry-Vegas-est teenagers ever. They were at mini golf at 11:30 on a saturday, for crying out loud. Oooo, mischievous. They were shockingly terrible at Mini-golf, and this provided at least 1/3 of our entertainment for the evening.So yeah, you want to have a really fun, totally clean cut night of laughing at your own ineptitude? King Putt, all the way.
3	Took my 6 year old daughter for a daddy date night...The girl at the counter was very pleasant and the course was fun. My only complaint was the girl having to show my daughter all of the money operated games that didn't work anymore...I'm told the owner, Jeff, doesn't care to fix them since the golf section is making him enough money. Sad...:-(
1	It's Saturday night which mean this place is open untill 12. Got there about 11:15 and felt like I was not welcome!! I have been here a number of times and never felt pushes away however this time was different! My friends and I wanted to play a game and we had a 20% off coupon from our entertainment book. We were told it was not allowed to be used cause it didn't have a bar code ... Um we paid for this coupon so we should be allowed to use it!! Whatever didn't want to argue for 20 min so we played anyways. First hole was horrible it seemed like it was not working right and the guy working was watching us as we were getting upset. The whole time we were playing he kept looking around the corner or hovered over us felt like we were stealing or vandalizing the place but we were not!! Then he comes over and re fills lol the water at the water hole all pisses off ... I'm sorry sir you close at 12 and it is not 12 calm down. About half way through the music shuts off && we begin to hear vacuuming ... Again feeling rushed we started to hurry. Then it started getting really hot my friend walked over to the vent and it felt as though the air got turned off, I mean come on don't you want us to come back ??? After a few min the music came back on.We were finishing up and one of us won a free game he very rudely came around the corner and handed the card to me. Umm with that attitude I need 6!!!!! As we were walking out the door he was not in the front, then all as sudden he came out, I said have a good night thanks he said you too. First time I disliked this place I think I will just give away my free game not worth it to have a bad night out.
5	Tried this place again with a big group of friends and it was a total 360 turn from our last experience! The guy was so nice and he also allowed us to get one extra prize even though we didn't have enough "tickets" we will be back
3	It seems un-American that I've never mini golfed before... so I'll say my visit to King Putt was my 1st time mini golfing in probably the past 20ish years. &, all in all, it was super fun & I'll definitely mini golf again. That said, here's my critique of the venue... Upon pulling into the unfamiliar shopping center, just about everything stood out but King Putt; it's dark & unwelcoming. A mini golf joint or anyplace cosmic should make you question if you can handle the fun on the other side of the door, before you even open it. In this case, I was worried about leaving my nunchucks at home- I started to fear I might need them. Also, the sole employee on duty was pouring a bucket of water out. It doesn't matter why- it didn't seem appropriate & gave a trashy vibe... Upon entering, the glowy cosmic'ness & the excellent music made me giddy. I liked that there were a couple groups ahead of us & one behind us but that it wasn't super crowded. The golfing was a good time but one of the courses was rigged with a big ol' ladder- again, kinda trashy. & I'd almost immediately started coughing- I think from the paint. & it was pretty dang warm- I think from the blacklights. The air just seemed stale- as soon as we left, it was cooler & my cough subsided. Upon leaving, the employee seemed happier to see us depart than when we arrived.
5	I went here with my cousin for some fun. I had a blast there when we went yesterday. The guy behind the counter was very professional and cool. The course was fun and awesome. My cousin won a free admission and he said that he wants to come back and play it again. As for me, I am definitely coming back with my boyfriend.
