5	Delicious burgers and chicken sandwiches, a wedge salad that rivals some fine dining establishments, and delicious milkshakes - what more could you want? Smashburger is considered "fast-casual" - order and pay at the front, grab a number, and wait for the food to come to you. With four small children, this approach is a must for us. Smashburger officially opens on Monday, but my husband and I and our tawdry assortment of children had the opportunity to grab a quick bite there today. I wasn't sure what to expect - I have had less than pleasant experiences with other "fast-casual" restaurants in the Charlotte area, so I was trying not to get my hopes up - little did I know what deliciousness awaited me! Smashburger reminds me of a similar place that my kids used to love in Cleveland - Fatburger. Whenever a burger and milkshake craving would strike, we would pile in the car and head to Fatburger. Certainly not a weekly visit, but a reliable go-to place that always hits the spot. (Don't tell my Cleveland friends, but I can safely say that Smashburger is better... shhh...)When six people eat out together, there is a beautiful opportunity to try a little bit of everything. My must-try food is always fried pickles and these were great - crunchy dill slices with ranch dressing - maybe just a little on the too-salty side. My son is an onion ring afficionado (Smashburger has onion straws - light and crispy), my older daughter is a french fry girl and the youngest two will grab whatever comes in front of them! My husband ordered the mushroom swiss burger, I tried the cheddar bbq - both were great. Not too big - I enjoyed the burger and the amazing smash fries that I ordered with it. (Smash fries are lightly seasoned with salt and rosemary - yum - try them.) My son wanted a chicken sandwich and he tried the club - the chicken breast was really, really thin. He devoured it but I was able to sneak a bite in, it was very tasty. My daughter always orders a salad and I really couldn't believe how beautiful the side wedge salad was - and it was on the side menu for $2.99. Wow.  We left satiated and cannot wait to come back! We had a tiny taste of the milkshakes but I look forward to enjoying a large one when we return. The butterfinger milkshake will be calling my name next time... I recommend you check out Smashburger - I think you will love it!
4	Check it out, burger fans, there is a new game in town (or at least, there will be tomorrow, when they officially open for business).  Like Erin and a few others, we scored an invite to the Smashburger sneak peek, and were rewarded with a ton of food.  It was the opportunity to try literally everything on the menu.  We actually had to stop because we had no more room.  I felt like Adam Richman, and here food won the battle.Speaking of said food...The burger is clearly the star of the menu.  They are nice and greasy.  There are six basic options that come pre-configured, and you can also create your own.  The primary issue I had is that they are a bit pricey and go down way too easily.  I could probably eat at least two at a sitting, so it could get expensive fast.  Also the meat is a bit "smashed".  Smashed?  That just means that the meat does not stand out much from the other flavors.Do make sure you flip the menu to the back - something I completely missed the first time around.  While the place is called "Smashburger", the back of the menu just might be the stronger, because it holds the chicken sandwiches (available grilled or crispy), salads and shakes.For those wondering, the regular chicken probably will not hold up against Chick-Fil-A.  But the Buffalo sandwich, made with Frank's and blue cheese?  It kills the Chick-Fil-A spicy, and may just be the best sandwich in the place.  It was at least the best one I tried (I tried at least four).  Like the burgers, there are a handful of pre-made selections or you can build your own.All our veg friends should not fret, as there are plenty of options, and not just sides like at many other places.  There are of course fries (made from both normal and sweet potatoes, in multiple configurations), as well as fried pickles, onion strings and veggie frites, but unusual in a fast casual restaurant, a solid array of salads too, both a small size for a side and several selections for your main dish.  Still not your speed?  There is even a black bean burger and the kids menu has a grilled cheese.Do not miss out on the shakes.  Made from Haagen-Dazs ice cream, they are well worth your time.  You can get standard chocolate, strawberry and vanilla, or go a bit crazy and try banana pudding, butterfinger, nutter butter or oreo.  I actually preferred the standard, as though the flavors were good all around, the chunks in the specialty shakes were hard to get up through the straw.  But whatever works.  You can also get bottled soda floats made with IBC, Sun Drop or Cheerwine.One huge misfire?  Their burger and chicken have BBQ sauce, there is Brunswick Stew, but there was no sweet tea to be found.  If you are of age, you can get either beer or wine, which helps, and the shakes are tasty.  But no sweet tea?  For shame!Edit:Word on the street is that there is indeed sweet tea - but when we were there for the sneak peak on Saturday, it was sadly MIA.  Hopefully it is out in abundance now!Alternate version here:http://www.cxliv.org/2011/06/19/smashburger-stonecrest-sneak-peek/
3	Smashburger certainly makes a tasty burger, though some of there other items wander a bit off point. I too was fortunate enough to get invited to the Sneak Peak event. I ordered the Spicy Baja burger, which comes with pepperjack, lettuce, tomato, onion, spicy chipotle  mayo, jalapenos and guac (which I subbed out for garlic mushrooms), all served on a spicy chipotle bun.  My first reaction was that everything had great flavor. I really enjoyed the combination of fresh and creamy ingredients. I ordered the rosemary, olive oil Sweet Potato Smashfries and while they were quite strong on the rosemary I still enjoyed them.Had I stopped there I would have given Smashburger 4 stars, no problem, and if you are just going to eat a meal that is probably what you will experience, but our table was given several other items to try. I guess they were trying to make sure we got a taste of the whole menu. The Brunswick fries were very salty and I wasn't crazy about them at all. The Harvest Salad was good, but it is heavily dressed and the blue cheese could use more kick (I thought it was goat cheese until I was corrected). I skipped the Chicken Avocado Club sandwich since I don't eat avocado or bacon and it had both. The Carolina Burger, which sports Pimina cheese, BBQ sauce and onion slaw, originally had me wary but it was tastier than I expected. I'm not sure I would enjoy a whole one as much as my order, but I would certainly split one with someone. There is no nice way to say that the Haystack Onions looked like someone dumped a can of French's on a plate, but the horseradish  sauce that came with them was pretty good. All of this was topped off with milkshakes and I don't have a bad word to say about those. They use Haagen-Dazs so it's pretty much luxury in a glass.I think what it boils down to is that if I were going to catch a movie and needed to grab a meal (cause let's face it, I have no other reason to be that far down in south Charlotte) I would be more than happy to stop at Smashburger. I liked the things I picked (and some of the others) and I'd want to eat them again.
4	I too came for the sneak peek on Saturday before they opened (being an elite yelper has it's perks!)  I was a bit skeptical at first, we've had a lot of burger joints imported from the west coast that failed miserably.  But Smashburger is different. They have loads of options & you can customize your burger, chicken sandwich or salad.  The veggie frites are where it's at.  I love veggies & I love fried food so they're a win-win!  I love that you can choose your bun & the egg bun is seriously tasty, I just hope that they import the pretzel bun from their Chicago menu at some point.  You can put any number of toppings on your burgers from avocado to fried eggs.  The burgers were all surprisingly tasty & flavorful for a fast food joint.  I had the baja burger.  which, be warned,  is actually spicy, the bun even has chipotle peppers in it!  We also tried to Carolina burger, which, despite my hatred of slaw was mighty delicious.  I want to come back & try the chicken dishes.  We figured since it was a burger place we should try those first.  We split their blt chicken sandwich which was good but the combo of mayo & ranch dressing was pretty messy.  We also sampled the Harvest Salad & it was perfect.  spinach, lettuce, crumbly very mild blue cheese, balsamic dressing & sunflower seeds.  The salad itself was gigantic.  4 of us were eating it & we only made a dent!  Get the small or side salad version unless you plan on sharing!The only thing our table unanimously agreed missed the mark were the brunswick fries. the sauce just wasn't authentic & they were really heavy.  The sweet potato fries were a bit heavy on the rosemary, but they were still good.
4	Thanks to my good friend (and Charlotte's best new photographer) Lindsay H., I was able to check out Smashburger's sneak peek tasting on Saturday.  I'll admit that the only reason I agreed to go to said event is because I rarely turn down free food.  The idea of yet ANOTHER gourmet burger joint in town coupled with having to head into suburban hell would not have tickled my trigger sans "free food" tagline.  If I want to pay $10 for a burger I can go to The Liberty, Big Daddy's, Pinky's, Burger Co, or Nix and not leave the 3 mile radius that I like to confine myself to on most days.  Fortunately, 485 was accident/idiot-free and I made it to Rea Rd. in record time.  It's a good thing, too, because Smashburger did not disappoint.  I'm not lying when I tell you that since Saturday I've eaten only one full meal.  I ate so much food (forced eating, I must add) that I've been living off of my dromedary hump for 2 days.  [insert Fergie music here]  And the food was right on.  Fresh ingredients and plenty to choose from.  I certainly don't want to describe in detail every menu item that I sampled, but I'll list them out below and tell you that most are worth trying.  It should be noted that the sweet potato fries are a bit rosemary-centered and the brunswick stew fries were not really my idea of a fun time.  But if you like stew-drenched fries you'll love these.  And the rundown of what I am currently burning off:Baja BurgerBaja Chicken SandwichCarolina BurgerHarvest Saladveggie fritessweet potato friesbrunswick stew frieshaystack onionschocolate milkshakeOreo milkshake
5	Great food especially sweet potatoes were amazing.
4	David's new favorite burger du jour is Smashburger.  He raved about how good his burger was.  He also had a wedge salad and was thrilled with the salad as well. Since I don't partake in the moo-meat, I went with my old stand-by - grilled chicken. The Smashchicken can be fried or grilled and  you can customize with a choice of different buns (multi-grain is delish)  and a nice selection of different toppings.  I was in the mood for fries, so I tried the Smashfries which were described as tender & crispy fries with rosemary, olive oil, and garlic.  They sounded delicious but were somehow  less than awesome.  Next visit, I think I'll either go with a salad or the veggie frites instead. The quality of the food was good and the employees were friendly and helpful.
5	I had only the milkshake....betterfinger.....awesome. One of the best ever. The employee even split this into two styfoam cups ( wife has a cold ) so I wouldn't have to drink after her.Looking forward to trying other menu items
1	Save three bucks and get the same burger at wendys...then get your fries at five guys since they cost two bucks at smash burger.  Overpriced average at best
3	When you select the third star on the review entry page, the associated text reads "A-OK."  This perfectly describes Smashburger, or at least how I view it.  We had been wanting to try it since it opened, but never quite managed to do so, since it seemed the line was out the door every time we went.  This past weekend, however, things seemed a lot more reasonable, so we took the plunge.At Smashburger, you place your order at the counter, and an employee brings your food to the table when it's ready.  If you've eaten at Showmars or McAlister's, you know the routine.  There was only one slightly awkward moment: you pick up a menu at the door and are supposed to drop it off at the register after you order, but it's a pretty big sheet of paper, and there isn't really anywhere to leave it. Once the food arrived, it was decent.  Not much more than that.  I got the classic, since I figured it was a fair first-time test.  The burger actually had some pink in the middle, which was a plus, but the patty could've stood a little more seasoning.  The bun was unremarkable.  As a side, I ordered rosemary-specked sweet potato fries.  Those were good: probably better than the burger, objectively speaking.Honestly, if you want a burger from a chain, Five Guys is better, even though there isn't one in the immediate area.  If you are looking for a burger in Stonecrest, City Tavern is better (if more expensive).  Smashburger was decent; I may eat there again, but I won't be making any trips to Stonecrest just to visit it.
4	Smashburger is a pretty standard burger joint, with some highlights.I created my own burger - a quarter pounder with lettuce, tomatoes, red onions, grilled onions, and jalepenos - and it ended up being a solid burger.  The meat was tasty, and the buns were nice and lightly browned.I also had the rosemary tossed fries, which were the highlight of the meal, in my opinion.  They had a crispy exterior and a soft center - the way good fries ought to be.  And I enjoyed the flavor of the rosemary with it.  I've definitely had better burgers, but I'd come back to smashburger without having to think too hard about it.
1	$10 down the drain! I tried the big smash classic burger and sweet potato smash fries. The burger was larger than the bun which made it difficult to eat, very sloppy. The patty was salty and greasy. The "sweet" potato fries were very salty and covered with rosemary, terrible taste! I had to pass 4 tables to find a clean one. An employee came by and asked how the meal was, I gave him my honest opinion. He offered me 3 future comps, I declined and told him that I won't be coming back! Hard to believe all the craze over this place. 5 guys puts them to shame and that it not saying much! Truly disappointed!
3	There isn't a shortage of quality burger joints in Charlotte. Smashburger is a new addition in town. The burgers are decent, tasty, but, in all honesty, pretty blah. There's very little about Smashburger's food, or their restaurant, that separates them from other burger joints in town. Don't get me wrong, I love a greasy burger, but when you can squeeze enough grease to lube your car's engine, it's back to the drawing board for you.Oh, and a word to future business entrepreneurs: if you're the owner or operator of a business or franchise that's getting ready to open to the public here very soon, and you see someone - namely, me - checking out your menu and taking a peek inside, take a few seconds to introduce yourselves and give a future customer the lowdown. This happened to me a few days before Smashburger opened; there were about 3 or 4 men who were clearly all part of this franchise milling around the front door, none of whom approached me or asked me if I had any questions. I'm not saying I needed to be flattered, but here's a golden opportunity to earn yourself some repeat business, and you let that opportunity pass. Didn't they learn you that in biz skool?
3	The newest burger joint in South Charlotte located in Stonecrest.  It's a good, quick place to grab some food with your kids.  And I like the fact that they have healthier menu items other than burgers and a lot of options for customizing whatever sandwich you choose (burger, chicken, black bean, etc).   I opted for the black bean burger but they had some good looking salad options too.  The burgers are all huge...like they hang off the bun huge.  You definitely won't leave hungry.  My only complaint.  When they rang up our bill, it wasn't correct.  When I mentioned it to the kid at the register, he claimed it was right.  We double checked it again once we sat down and called the kid over to discuss it but he ignored us not once, but twice.  He then got the manager involved and the problem was rectified immediately.  My boys love burgers...it's convenient...and there are other items on the menu I look forward to trying (fried pickles, veggie frites, sweet potato fries, harvest salad).  We'll go back...
3	This time David was less than thrilled with his burger -  they had put way too much seasoning on & he found it to be overly salty. My chicken sandwich was fine - I went sort of plain with it -ordered a multi-grain bun, lettuce, tomato, and pepper jack cheese.  David and I both ordered a side wedge salad. Mine was ordered with no bacon and no onion. I should have ordered the dressing on the side, since the salad was swimming in too much dressing (which was a tad too salty for me). It would be really nice if you could order some of the other salads in a small side salad portion, but sadly, the only option for a side salad is the wedge. On my next visit, the Harvest Salad with Chicken sounds really good.
3	Went here 2 times, the sweet potato fries rock, don't eat beef, so had the chicken sandwich club with avocado no bacon, pretty good.My biggest problem is that the 2nd time I went was around 2pm and all the tables were dirty.  No one in the restaurant, couldn't they have cleaned the tables and the floors?  We finally found a clean table to sit at.  Makes me wonder about the kitchen?
3	On this visit, I decided to order the Harvest Salad.  This salad includes a mix of greens -including spinach, along with tomatoes, raisins, dried cranberries, sunflower seeds, pumpkin seeds and blue cheese crumbles.  It is served with a  balsamic vinaigrette dressing. I also added grilled chicken to it.  Something gave the salad a saltly flavor - not sure whether it was the salad dressing, the chicken breast, or the blue cheese crumbles but it  detracted from my enjoyment of the salad. I am not sure what it is about Smashburger, but they seem to make everything a little too salty for my preference.  David got an order of Smashfries tonight and I thought those tasted a little too salty as well.Each time I come here, I want to really like this place, but its just "ok" not great.
3	Definitely wasnt the worst burger ive had in Charlotte(Braswell's Sandwich Salvage).  Not quite sure what to think of the smash fries, glad I had the trusty old ranch to help.  At the end of the day I will try it again buy likely wont frequent the place too much.
4	Cheap, delicious eats!  Think a step above a Mccalisters with better food!Don't fool yourself - this is a cheap burger joint.  So for everyone out there who is expecting a gourmet burger and giving this place 2 stars why don't you come on back down to earth.The burgers were tasty and the fries were better.  They also have a vegetarian burger option.  The place was clean and the staff was friendly.Definitely worth a try!
3	Smashburger, and order-and-seat-yourself eatery, has a great concept. Take Five Guys, add chicken and veggie patties as options, and update the toppings and sauces to include the coveted avocado and a spicy chipotle mayo (which was delicious once I convinced myself to forget how gross mayonaisse is).A variety of sides includes something for everyone, like fried pickles, salads, and the "smashfries" in regular and sweet potato varietals. Topped with rosemary and salt, these greasy bad boys won the prize for the night.  The black-bean patty was quite tasty and the multigrain bun wasn't too dry. I'd probably return for another visit, but not unless I were already in the area.
4	This is a little hidden place that has yet to fail. The service here is really excellent and the food in my opinion has the right amount of portions. You have to try the Spicy chipotle bun when you get a burger if you like a little spice. This is much a better burger place than 5 guys (grease pit in a brown paper bag).Definitely a must try!
2	This review is based on 3 separate visits, all dine-in.Food: I ordered the Carolina, Classic, and Chicago burgers, one for each visit. The burger itself is a bit too greasy, and over-salted.The burger patty is oversized in diameter for the bun, making the burger extremely sloppy and messy to eat. The taste was average, with the Carolina burger being the most interesting and flavorful. The fries were interesting and moderately tasty, but not extraordinary. Price: The price was somewhat higher than the direct competition, and overpriced for the quality of the food. Cleanliness: The restaurant was relatively clean, although finding a clean table was a challenge on all three visits. The place is brightly colored and lit,with a slight retro 50's psuedo-west coast vibe.Service: Service is, for want of a better word, terrible. The level of apathy displayed by the employees (including the managers) approaches the level of t.v. sitcom cliche. It's so pervasive they should just incorporate it into the smashburger theme. The service was bad on all 3 visits.Overall: I was excited to have another burger joint in Ballantyne, but overall Smashburger is a disappointment. The price is too high for average food with poor service. There are 2 Five Guys in the area, I would definitely recommend them over Smashburger; they have a better product, cleaner restaurant, lower prices, and employee who at least pretend to care.
5	Believe the hype! I had been told by several friends that I just *had to try Smashburger. Well, the husband and I did and it did not disappoint.Let's get right to the good stuff - the burger. Oh, boy! Juicy, chargrilled flavor. The regular, Smash (1/3 pound, I think) was perfect. I got mine with pepperjack cheese and the spicy chipotle mayo. Delish! And you have to try the Smash Fries. I've never had anything like them - the olive oil and rosemary give them a very upscale flavor. The husband also got a banana pudding milkshake - creamy and rich. No complaints there.Atmosphere was not what I expected - for all the raving I'd heard I expected something similar to Big Daddy's. But no. It's a grab a menu at the door, order at the register, grab a number & a table and wait for someone to bring out your food sort of place. Decor is minimalist and trendy - very bright. Inviting, but not somewhere you're going to linger, which, I guess is the point.We will definitely be back!
4	Didn't know there was a Smashburger in Charlotte. Happened to see a banner near Stonecrest shopping center. Its located beside Dean & Deluca and Qdoba. I had the Mushroom & Swiss Burger with a side of Smashfries. Split an Oreo milkshake with my son. Burger was excellent. The seasoned fries are a nice touch. Friendly & attentive staff for a 'fast-food' casual type of place. Good price point for the type of cuisine.Like the Cherry Coke and Mello Yellow selections at the soda fountain.
1	Gross! I love a good burger but mine had so much grease there was a puddle in the basket. Totally over-rated and not worth the calories.
4	This place a has a really good burger and great fried pickles. I love how you can choose the size of your burger, but sometimes the bread overwhelms the patty when you order a smaller burger.
5	Arguably the best burger in Charlotte and the surrounding area. OMG! you have got to go and try this thing. It is so tender and melt in your mouth. Though you can order many different combinations, I order my Big Smash Burger with just American cheese, Tomato, Mayo, and a fried egg on the Egg Bun. The burger is so large that it hangs over the bun. It is sooooooooooo good.
2	The place was super busy maybe that is why our food was really cold. Seemed like chicken was cold but the cheese was warm. Fries were completely cold. I would have loved to wait a little more for a better, warmer meal.
2	I would like to say that Smashburger is the most smashing burger I've ever had. However that's not the case. The decor is very minimalistic, that's okay it's a pretty casual burger joint and I was meeting a friend here for lunch so I'm not expecting much ambiance or else something has gone terribly wrong.So you saunter up to that counter and you have a couple of choices for burgers. I chose the classic with veggie frites cause those sounded pretty cool. Well the burger's the most decent burger I've ever had. It was filling and unmemorable, well maybe I'm to blame for that maybe I shouldn't order a classic burger if I want my taste buds titillated. Veggie frites? I was expecting something like crispy vegetables and they kind of ended up being a fairly small portion of oily limpdick veggies, at least they're salted nicely.Total bill for lunch? $9 I might as well go to a nicer restaurant and pony up the extra $1 for a much more awesome burger. However when I'm in the Stonecrest area this will do in a pinch.
4	I absolutely love the Grilled Avocado Chicken Club & Smashfries! I have to admit though, that sometimes the chicken is dry but this has only happened a few times & I'm there at least once a week.  The service is always excellent & the restaurant is always clean!
2	Wow. Sorry, guys, but this place is severely overrated. It's not bad but it's by no means great either...expensive, too! $25 for the two of us? Seriously, the new burgers at Wendy's are nearly as good as these and a whole lot cheaper. The fried pickles were so-so. The chili-cheese fries were nasty. What kind of chili has peas and corn? Shredded cheese on top was barely melted. Fries were too thin and limp. Burgers needed salt and pepper and were a little on the dry side. Business hours are 10-10. We got there at 10:30 and were greeted by locked doors. Employees were hanging out the back smoking cigarettes. Made a call and were told they opened at 11.  So we had to fart around the nearby, overcrowded Target for awhile.  I think I'd rather go to Five Guys for my overpriced burger joint fix.Your pal,Walter
5	Still drooling over yesterday's meal from Smashburger--excellent food!  I'm not usually one for burger joints, so I was pleased with the menu given it has so many choices.  There are plenty of salads and every burger can be made with chicken.  I had the baja grilled chicken sandwich and it was perfect!  Incredibly juicy and flavorful chicken, with avocados, jalapenos and spicy Baja sauce.  The sandwiches are huge, so while a little more expensive than some other seemingly similar restaurants, you definitely get your money's worth.  I almost always get sweet potato fries when available, but the owner taking my order suggested the smashfries.  I was hesitant to deviate--I mean, you can never go wrong with sweet potato fries!--but oh...my...gawd.  The smashfries alone are worth the visit.  They're tossed in rosemary, garlic and olive oil.  They're so incredible I'm pretty sure I bared my teeth and growled at the poor bus boy who offered to take my tray when I still had three fries left.....um, sorry about that, bud.The place is popular and pretty busy at lunch, with limited seating.  But the service is friendly and fast and the food lives up to the hype!
4	The BF and I had our first introduction to tastiness on yesterday. Read the reviews, so we knew we had to try the Smash fries and milkshakes. Milkshakes were smooth, creamy and natural tasting. Hit the spot and the rosemary, garlic and olive oil added a gourmet taste to the potato and sweet potato Smash fries. All that flavor and they were only $1.99!  Bf tried the Black Bean burger and I tried a Big Smash. He enjoyed the Black Bean burger and I learned that I will be getting the " baby" size burger for future visits. Lol. We were pleased with the freshness of the food, genuinely cool customer service and reasonable prices. We will be back. :)
4	After a lackluster first try at a Smashburger in Overland Park, Kansas (yes, Kansas got a Smashburger before Charlotte did!) my husband and I decided to brave the Smash again, this time at the only location in NC, in Stonecrest.  (Though I'm told a new one near the Carolina Place Mall is expected soon.) I "liked" Smashburger on Facebook prior to going, so we could get a free burger with the purchase of a "Mex" burger/chicken sandwich which is new. When we got to the restaurant on a Thursday evening, it was pretty busy-- maybe 70%.  I was told by the very helpful cashier on Friday and Saturdays, the line is practically out the door. He also told me our food would be out within 5-7 minutes, which was right on the dot. Appreciated, young man. The decor is clean and bright, minimalistic red and white...but more modern than the red and white of Five Guys.  The presentation of the food is nice in it's wire basket and clean ketchup and mustard caddies. The Mex chicken sandwich was excellent.  Super thin chicken, cheese, avocado, red onions and a "mexican" style bun.  I bit into it and thought "...oooh fresh!" While I wouldn't call the chicken juicy (I'm a dark meat kinda gal, and to me anything white meat isn't juicy) but the toppings and sauces and everything really came together. My black bean burger too was nice and flavorful.  This isn't like the Bad Daddy's deep fried black bean patty, but a griddled one, which yes, falls apart as you eat it, but I think it's a nice option. Jimmy D...oh yes, I concur about these veggie frites.  They're definitely not crispy.  I was told they were flash fried veggies, so I assumed they'd be like the ones at PF Changs...those crispy string beans.  They were more like...uh, yeah, what Jimmy D said!  Limp and kind of like if boiled veggies got sprayed in oil. It was hard to keep the dipping ranch sauce on them they were so greasy and slippery. The house fries are rosemary which I like-- and nice and shoestring.  A nice boy came by after our meal to take away our wire baskets that once held our food.  Bottom line, I thought the prices were pretty in-line with a casual fast burger joint, and I was pleased with the layout of the menu with toppings and options.  Just please, do something about those strange, strange veggie....limp things.
3	This is a restaurant where I really wish I could give a half star--it's a 4.5 star burger place. Located right near the fountain at Stonecrest, Smashburger is in a great location. On Fridays and Saturdays from 7-10, you're treated to live music outside (only in the summer). Decor inside is very modern and minimalistic, but it has a nice vibe to it that says 21st century.The food is really good--the burgers are delicious and the toppings are even better. I get the Carolina Burger, which is a patty with cole slaw, barbecue sauce, and pimento cheese. Delicious burger. The fries (I think I just ordered "fries" instead of "Smashfries" were okay, kind of like the one's you'd find at McDonalds. Eh, kind of a disappointment. My dad got a grilled chicken sandwich, and reported the grilled chicken was very good as well.You can usually get a coupon for this place if you like them on Facebook or join their email list. Overall, smashburger delivers a smashing burger with lacking fries. Next time I try the Smashfries, I'll update the review.EDIT: Took Carolina Burger off the menu. -1 star.
4	I really wish I lived closer to Smashburger, well my taste buds wish we lived closer, my waistline is happy to have some distance. I have yet to try the actual burger but I am in love with the chicken sandwich. I like it when places pound the chicken out to make it a nice even piece and that happens here. In doing so, it makes the sandwich look huge, something else I like! The fries were good, both regular and the Smash fries but I find myself craving the onion strings which are served in a huge portion that would be enough to share amongst the table, though I loved them so much I find myself wanting to smack the hands away of my hungry tablemates. I don't really know what else to say other than go give it a try. It's nothing fancy but you'll leave happy.
3	Overall not a bad place. I had the Carolina burger with fried pickles. As a pickle lover I try fried pickles whenever I see them on a menu. These pickles were greasy, limp and a tiny portion (try about 15 pickles).  Very disappointing! The customer service and the Carolina burger were well worth it.  I guess i will just stick to the burgers next time.
4	I came here with my sister and my two year old daughter for lunch. I had a burger, fries and I got my little one a hot dog. The food was good but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here. The service was excellent and that is why I award this place four stars. I will definitely give it another shot and hopefully find a 'wow' factor.
3	Not a bad quick-dining option if you're in the Stonecrest area.  The food is consistently good, but never really memorable.  I would define the quality of the grub as being stuck somewhere between a fast food burger chain and a Bad Daddy's or Cowfish, more along the lines of Five Guys (just not as good).Service is soild - you order at the counter, take a number, and then your food is brought out to your table.  The management team has done a good job of balancing speed with the quality of service and the quality of the food.We frequent the establishment mostly because we have small kids who eat anything deep fried, dripping in cheese, or made with ice cream.  They love it here.  The fountain, stairs, and live music in the outdoor space between Smashburger and the other restaurants/shops right there make for a perfect spot to let kids run around and burn off some of their chocolate shake calories without disturbing other patrons.
3	Solid burger joint. The selection of burgers is fun and its nice to see whole wheat AND egg buns. I ordered a burger that came with apple wood smoked bacon, lettuce, tomato and avocado. The beef was seasoned perfectly but a bit thin, I guess "regular" sized is one patty. The whole wheat bun was soft and sweet, you know sometimes whole wheat can be very cardboard like. I paired my burger with the sweet potato fries. Which were doused in sea salt, a bit off putting but once I shook some of the salt off they were decent. Possibly a bit over salted. It's a solid place to grab a fast burger that doesn't make you feel as guilty as other places. The side selections are nice but nothing "wowed" me.
2	Nothing impressive about the this place.  Fries were good though.
5	Visited for the first time last week; was heading into Harris Teeter for a quick healthy Odwalla smoothie. Fail :(Detoured to the bright Smashburger sign. Am a minimalist, so felt right at home inside. Didn't want to totally blow my healthy intentions, so ordered the Black Bean burger with Smash Frites, then took a table outside in front of the fountain.Food arrived in about 5 minutes. Server was very pleasant. Black bean burger was fantastic! Still.........my goodness............those smash frites were outstanding. The rosemary/garlic flavor, the right crisp, not oily....I kept thinking "dam*it! Why am I just finding out about this place?"
3	Good lunch - got the black bean burger on whole grain roll, with sweet potato fries. The fries were absolutely awesome, and the "burger" was good - a little too spicy for my taste, but good nonetheless. Great, friendly service. Would definitely go again.
4	Been here before but I had the BBQ cheddar burger with smash fries.  The fries are unbelievable and can't be missed.  The burgers are great and the service is always great!!!!!
5	Smashburger was an awesome experience. I got in the mood for a great burger, that threw fast food out the window. I didn't want to pay out the nose for one either. The price was right at smashburger, as was the quality of burger I was looking for. The smash fries were awesome, never tried fries with rosemary and tyme before.
4	Loved the atmosphere and Loved the food....so this place was a WIN WIN.Smashburger has been on my list of places to try from the menu and the concept it seems like a place I would really enjoy!I wish they would have had a turkey burger...since those are my absolute favorites but instead I chose the Spicy Black Bean Burger. It's loaded with pepper jack cheese, guacamole, lettuce, tomatoes and chipotle mayo....I could have used some added jalapenos for an extra kick but the sandwich was still awesome! I love the fresh beans and veggie mix they used to make the patty and the the chipotle bun was heavenly! I added the smash fries with have oil and rosemary and they were a perfect pairing for the burger....everything came out HOT and fresh and I enjoyed every bite!The experience overall was very welcoming and I loved the decor....I look forward to coming back!
4	Have been wanting to try Smashburger for a while.  My husband, son and I finally made it down to Stonecrest.  Now, I went into Smashburger with a bias for another burger place, BT's Burger Joint.  Have loved that place and we were willing to drive to Steele Creek for the burgers.  Well, after trying the Smashmouth Mushroom Swiss Burger, I am now a convert.  Perfectly grilled, juicy, just enough mushrooms that they were not littering the basket and on an awesome, fresh egg bun.  Sorry BT's.  We've found a place that is closer to home that has superior burgers!!Of course, this was our first time and I will need to try other items on the menu, but we will definitely be back.  The fries were so-so.  Were told to try the seasoned fries next time and will.Not a fan of the parking situation, however.  But some things you have to deal with.In total.  Great burgers!
3	Been here twice. I am ok w the vegetarian (not vegan) offerings. The price point is totally fine. The location...it's Stonecrest. It's going to be crowded on the weekend especially since Smashburger is right by the fun outdoor seating area. The restaurant can get very noisy when almost at capacity. Table turnaround time isn't bad. The last time I went when we opened the door we were the end of the line. In 13 minutes we were placing our order with a calm, cool, and collected cashier and by the time we filled our drink cups a table had opened up. On both trips here the food was delivered within 10 minutes. Overall not bad.Here's why I do not plan on going back: my little dude ordered a (different) burger each time and 20 minutes after we left the place his stomach went crazy wonky*. *This is my vague way of saying he blew up the bathroom.
3	This place tastes like Steak & Shake. The only thing different that I can think of is the Haagen Dazs milk shakes, the presentation of the food, they also serve beer.
1	Big disappointment!  Have been there a few times and the service has been horrible.  I actually took a survey with corporate and the franchise owner called me and promised to make it right by sending some coupons.  He never sent them which just underscored to me how bad the service is at Smashburger.
5	It was great!
5	I decided to eat at smashburger based on a review that I saw on aol, they reviewed the best burgers in America so I figured since it was one actually in Charlotte that I would give it a try, well let's just say I was really impressed.  It was amazingly wonderfully great, just really great.  I had the mushroom burger, with mayo lettuce and mator and it was great, the fries were even really tasty I really enjoyed my visit I look forward to going again really soon.  One more thing I realized that this place reminds me of a store that use to be in Charlotte called The Apple Deli, the burgers tasted the same, really seasoned and good.
5	We have been to Smashburger a handful of times.  We decided to check out Smashburger after seeing their menu.  I really love this place!  Their burgers are some of the best that I have had, they have wonderful flavor to them.  I have tried a few of their different burgers and have created my own.  I have also had a chicken sandwich once, but I will just stick with the burgers.I will say that when you do get jalapenos, they put 4 on there.  Kevin and I will order jalapenos on one of our burgers, and split the jalapenos for the other burger because they are really spicy, and I typically handle spicy very well!We also order the smashfries.  They definitely have a different flavor with the olive oil and rosemary seasoning.  At first I thought they were just okay, but since Kevin loved them we kept ordering them each time (one order is enough for us to split).  I have grown to really love these fries!We have been on a Friday night, Saturday lunch and Sunday lunch, and each time it has been very busy.  If I see a table, I will immediately grab it while Kevin orders because usually there is not a table available; however the turnover time of tables is usually pretty quick and the service is quick as well - getting food to you and tables cleaned. Definitely join their email club.  I do not get emails often, but when I do, they are nice coupons, like buy one get one free burger/chicken sandwich, etc.
3	The guys and I arrived at the perfect time, after the early bird special but before the family scrum ensued.  It is a family establishment but also a grade school hangout.The high-schoolers  working the counter offered great service and placed our orders efficiently. Smashburger has an order up front and they'll bring it to you system.      I ordered the big BBQ bacon cheeseburger and a side of sweet potato fries.  It was a solid burger and the fries were good, short and thin cut.  My only negative observation is that when you order a fountain drink, you get a house cup.  Taking a drink to go isn't much of an option.
5	Burger was hot and juicy! Smashed sweet potato fries were delicious!
5	Walk up and order , no servers.  Had the CYO big (half pound) smash w/ smash sweet potatoes all for $8.75.  There is a club you can sign up for and get a bogo coupon.
2	I've gotten take out from here a few times and honestly I'm just not that impressed with this place. I've tried their burgers, chicken sandwiches, and their black bean burger. All of which were just mediocre.  I don't know if it's because It was takeout and dining in is better or not.  The fries are okay but never hot, same goes for the sweet potato fries. I may give them another chance and dine in but in honestly I probably won't. I can think of a few competitors who are better and just as close to me. So not much else left to say, I'm just really underwhelmed by it all which tells me everything I need to know.
3	Okay so I know I said I wouldn't do takeout from them again but last night desperate times called for desperate measures lol.  I have to say the food was really good!! I don't know if I was just really hungry or if all the other times were off nights. However definitely a big improvement.I however can only give them one more star because the service was just insanely bad!! I called in my order and not even two minutes later walked in to pay for it.  They had no recollection or record of the order. Seriously it was like 70 seconds??  The  manager just kind of stood around like he didn't even work there. I really wasn't impressed by that aspect but yay for the food tasting better!!
3	Smashburger, located at the front of Stonecrest right next to Miro (near Marble Slab and Dean & Deluca), is fine.  It was meh, but A-OK.  There was nothing wrong with it, but it wasn't great either.  Going along with the recent boom in burger joints in the area, Smashburger is another burger/dog/chicken/fries/shakes place where everything is a la carte.  You grab a menu on the way in, wait in line to order, are given a number to stick on your table and then you head to find seating.  They will also hunt you down outside if the weather permits eating in the courtyard - nice, eh?  On a Monday night visit around 6:00 pm, the place was hopping.  Not crazy, but at capacity when I arrived.  Loud, very very loud.  The floor-space with carpeting does not absorb enough sound to make up for the exposed ceiling.  With the milkshake machine going and the kids squealing, it is deafening in there.  Even as it started to empty out, the hum of the movements of the few left still made for a loud restaurant.  The food:Chili-cheese dog $5 -  It was fine.  Nothing special.  The hot dog is butterflied and served with mediocre chili and topped with shredded cheese.  Meh.  Totally not worth $5.Sweet potato fries $3 - The fries were pretty good.  Slightly thicker than shoestring, with a soft interior and a crunchy exterior.  Lightly salted.  The portion size probably equated to just slightly smaller than a McD's large fry.Fried pickles served w/ ranch $3.29 - Meh.  Definitely not the best I have had, not big on flavor, ranch was boring.  They were fried nicely and the batter didn't fall off of the pickle chips, so points for that.  Employees were all very nice and helpful.  The space was kept clean, even as busy as it was.  The guy on the milkshake machine was tearing it up delivering the creamy goodness to a restaurant full of folks.Dinner with a drink was just over $13.  Nothing was fabulous.  I didn't get sick, but I won't be rushing back to the Smashburger.
3	Sigh...I wanted to LOVE this place, I mean really love it. Kind of like how a child loves their blanket. That I want to hug you all day and all night kind of love. Don't get me wrong, I didn't hate it but I didn't love it either. It was just MEH and that made me sad. We dined on a Saturday night at 7pm. What the heck were we thinking. The place was packed and there was NO place to sit. Our food came out but because we had no place to sit they had to put our food back in the window. I was not happy about that. Once again my children were not very adventurous with their burgers. They played it safe and went for a Build Your Own ( Yawn).  My husband had the Carolina Burger which came on a Pretzel Bun. What? Is that a Southern thing? For me personally it's more like a Philly thing. My husband liked the burger but the bun was definitely a strange choice. Smashburger, if you want to rock my world with your Carolina Chili burger, throw the burger, slaw and chili on a biscuit! I had the Chicken Club and let me tell you the chicken was so thin I could almost see right through it. Because the chicken was so thin the taste was lost and I felt like I was eating more of a BLT than a Chicken Club. I also had the Smash Fries which were fries with olive oil, rosemary and garlic. They were good but they were GREASY because the fries were a thin cut.We surrendered our table quickly and bolted. If I go back it will be for maybe an early lunch or an early dinner so that way I don't feel so rushed.
3	My wife and kids like Smashburger but I find it a little to greasy. Its a good atmosphere and fun.
3	The Mushroom & Swiss Burger was good, the Smash fries were decent, and the Oreo shake was really tasty. The service was friendly. There were annoyingly a lot of flies. I would return.
2	I still love Smashburger, as we love their burgers - still great flavor!  But recently they have made menu changes and took off some of the items I loved. Another big change, they changed their fries.  The smashfries recipe is still the same, but the actual fries have changed, which changes the flavors.  I do not like the new fries.I don't get why so many companies change what works and what people have come to love.  Maybe because they can get a better price with things, but these changes come at the expense of the customer.We will now not likely go and will go try other burger places, such a big disappointment Smashburger.
5	Always a treat! The Baja SmashBurger is my fav! Can't bare to try anything else knowing a I could've had the Baja. Oh ya the shakes will send you right over the edge too. Whew! Makes me happy!!!
5	Went there for the 1st time and love it. Had the Brunswick fries and they were awesome. Burgers are great as well especially the CYB w/egg. I recommend this place. Gotta go eat there
4	Stopped in for a late dinner on a Saturday. I went with the BBQ Bacon burger with a side of the regular fries and my wife had the Carolina burger. We quickly found a comfortable booth and waited for a little under 10 minutes until our burgers were served. The burgers were pretty good, a little on the salty side, but still delicious. The fries reminded me of steak & shake; thinly cut shoestrings, just the way I like them. Overall, burgers & fries were tasty; but for 2 burgers, an order of fries, and 2 soft drinks the total was a bit over $20
4	What can I say about Smashburger? It's a burger joint, and a damn good one. Their smash sauce makes an otherwise ordinary burger extraordinary. The fries could use some work, but that aside, Smashburger is quite simply my favorite casual burger place. Rock on.
4	Just had lunch. Very flavorful burgers. Like them a lot. Don't care that much for their shoe string fries, prefer fries that are more substantial. If you're looking for a decent tasty burger, give them a try.
4	Had a late lunch yesterday (Tuesday), about 2:30 pm; place was empty.  Now I know to come late. Had a BYGO coupon so we got a free burger. Both our burgers were very flavorful; I prefer the taste of the Smashburgers to other burger chains; a bit salty, but good. Tried the onion straw side for the first time and liked them a lot. For now Smashburger is my burger of choice.
2	Bad experience!! I've been to smashburger  before and liked it, so I wanted to take my boyfriend. We went there on a Tuesday night and the burgers were ok. I was VERY disappointed in the manger ( man in red shirt) he was just cutting up with staff and worst of all was playing with the red drinking cups! Ehhh had his hands all over them! Soo if you are going to eat here make sure to get a paper cup!!!
3	We tried out Smashburger for the first time because we were looking for a hamburger that was relatively close. I've driven by this location at Stonecrest so many times in the past year, so I decided to give it a shot. Overall it is ok. I got the Carolina Chili Burger. While I'm happy to find a place that doesn't put mustard on it, overall it was just all right. The messy burger proved too much for the wire basket it's served in, so a lot got on the table. I don't remember exactly what my wife ordered - a baja spicy burger, or something like that. She had the same response. It was ok. The fries are of the shoestring variety, which is not my favorite. Unless you're a big eater, I recommend splitting the fries. I wouldn't have been able to finish a whole order alone, so splitting saved us some money. Again, Smashburger is pretty good. It's not going to blow you away, but it is quick and convenient. I would place it somewhere between a sit-down, order, and have a server bring you food type of restaurant and a fast food place - which I think is what it is aiming for (fast casual?). A good place if you want something relatively inexpensive and quick between shopping or just before a movie.
3	Burgers were salty. One of the burgers was raw in the center. Milkshakes were divine though. Quite pricey for a burger joint. Staff seem distracted and took away our platters too soon.
4	Like this place better than Five Guys! Very comfy seating arrangements. Nice service. Salads were lacking for non-meat eaters, sadly.
4	My son and I stopped into Smashburger on a whim one late afternoon.  We had never been, were in the mood for burgers, and were already in Stonecrest so ...why not?!?   WOW, it was REALLY good!  My son had a Bacon Cheeseburger and and I had the Avocado Club Burger.  The burgers were fresh, hot, and delicious.  The shoestring-style fries were crispy and seasoned perfectly.  Service was fast and friendly and the restaurant was clean and comfortable.  I do believe we have a new burger go-to place!  I can't wait to go back!!!
2	The food was perfectly ok.  Nothing stood out as phenomenal or craveable.My major issue is the fries. Seriously, if you are a hamburger and fry joint - please make fresh fries!  There is no excuse for frozen fries in a place like this. I love thin fries, but I would rank McDonald's fries as better than theirs!  .
5	Sweet potatoes,milk shakes,veggie burger....amazing taste :P
2	I was skeptical after reading the other reviews, however, I still had high hopes and was really craving a burger.  After spending over $10 on a Classic with a side of fries (the Smashburger ones), I had really expected a better overall experience.  The burger was overcooked (I had ordered medium rare), incredibly salty, and void of any real flavor.  There was too much ketchup and mustard.  The huge tomato was sliced too thickly and was not all ripe.  The single wilted piece of lettuce helped the whole ensemble slide around while attempting to eat this monstracity.  On a final note, the cheese melted into a goo that conjured up memories of the cheese you'd get on movie theater nachos.  Oh and let me not forgot to mention the fries - shoestring, greasy, and not at all satisfying.  Honestly I've had better burgers and fries at McDonalds (in which I'm no fan).  Invest your money and calories elsewhere.
3	This place is really nice inside but the food is nothing to brag about. The burger is very greasy and the fries are too skinny.I agree with others,real fries would be much better.
3	This place is a mix of fast food places, expect a Hardee's level burger (better bun though) and mcdonalds quality fries. The food was good but not worth the premium they are charging.  City Tavern is right across the street and has a much better burger and fries, on Monday you can even get it for $5.Also the booths are sized completely wrong, make you feel like a 5yr old.
5	One of the best burgers in Ballantyne!  The foods is hot, fresh, and amazing! Never had a bad meal! The milkshakes are awesome too.
3	It's a very few times I want something and a place actually delivers. That's right I wanted a big juicy sloppy burger. Ask and I received; I ordered the Big Carolina Chili Burger w/ Smash Fries. The food was good and the smash fries were extra excellent with nice flavor. Nice modern feel and very clean although it was pretty empty on a Monday at 5pm. I could imagine what it is like on the weekend with the movie theater practically next door. My only complaint was the annoyance of a nasty fly roaming about annoying my family and I. It would also be good to put some combos up on the menu rather then ordering a burger and fries separate and a bigger kids menu would be appreciated.
3	We went for a quick lunch and had a mix of foods - salad, black bean veggie burger and a kids regular burger. The burgers were great even the kids burger and the black bean burger was flavorful! I'd recommend burgers over their salads. Good place for lunch and overall good service and experience.
5	YUM. Chicken avocado club. My favorite. Great fries and great sweet potato fries. Husband likes their salads.
3	I have been awaiting this Smashburger's opening for one year...yes, a year!  It is a teeny sized building but I guess for a Smashburger it's enough..or NOT. It is in a busy neighborhood, Cotswold,  and we have been in need of a good burger joint for a LONG time. I have been there 6 times now, anytime from 2pm til they close. I find there is always a 'line' of folks awaiting their ""to go" orders, sometimes with friends and there IS little room inside the S/B to wait. The area to do so, is directly in front of the pick-up counter and in direct line to the drink machine. Last night I counted 11 people packed along the 'take out bar' (the bar really serves no purpose), 4-5 employees trying to get the orders sorted, and walk-thru traffic trying to get to the drink machine and it was 8PM (not the busiest time). There is NO drive-thru, but maybe there ought to be if for no other reason than to pick-up the take out orders??The burgers are decent. They are as good as what I might make at my home IF I had more than myself to cook for. I like the toppings assortment, and the buns available just to mix it up a bit. Some toppings you pay extra for, some not. They are PRICEY even for today's prices in meats etc....$10.40 for a burger and small fries is just HIGH. I got a regular size Smashburger and an order of fries (I got the regular ones).  They skimped on the fries and they were not hot, but I didn't know that and will check next time before I leave. I live 1 mile away and like to knosh on the fries as a walk home. I am not fond of the 'smash sauce', and will not have that on my burger in the future. I am a weightloss surgery patient and they allowed me to order off the kids meal menu like most of the other Charlotte restaurants do, which is one of the MAIN reasons I go to any restaurant  these days.I can't really offer any information on any of the other food choices as MY main comings & goings here will be for the burgers. It was worth the wait, for me. I like knowing that my $6+ burger is cooked to order and has not been precooked or sitting under a heat lamp! They have me for a while.
5	Great hamburgers chicken sandwiches and milk shakes. The fries are the BEST I have ever eaten; they're crispy shoestring tossed in a light olive oil with fresh thyme and rosemary, you don't need ketsup or salt.
4	Stopped in for a burger before the movie. Good choice, it was prepared very quickly and it was very tasty. I had the mushroom and swiss - plenty of very thin cut mushrooms and a slice of Swiss cheese on top of a thin grilled burger. The bun was perfect. My daughter chose the bacon and avocado. She also enjoyed it thoroughly.The fries were a hit. Nice and thin shoestring fries, but not salty at all. Awesome. I put a hit of Cholula in with the ketchup and got a nice zing to them. Yum.Two burgers, fries and two drinks for under $20? I'd do this again.
4	This was my first time at this location!  The cashier was really sweet and friendly.  The layout is very open and welcoming.  I know this will sound strange, but these booth seats are the squishiest that I have ever experienced!  Hahah. Feels like you're sitting on a monster pillow. The food was good. Nothing amazing, but good all the same. I had the bacon cheeseburger and fried pickles.  I kind of wish they had the fancy soda machine like at the newer location I'm Cotswold.  Smash burger is a little more expensive than I'd like it to be, but I'll definitely eat here again.  Especially when I'm craving fried pickles from he secret menu!!! Gah, how I love secrets.
5	Great burgers and chicken sandwiches.  My fav is the Spicy Baja Chicken sandwich with Smash Fries!
4	Have I ever been to smashburger? No. And now, I can say I have. So this place is neatly located in the stonecrest area full of restaurants and all your south side 5 second drive cravings.My brother advised me to make my own burger. And I took his advice and did just that. I ordered an egg artisan bun, aged Swiss, tomato, lettuce, grilled onions, an egg, and mushrooms topped with spicy chipotle sauce. And of course some smash fries. How was it, you may ask?Well, this place is definitely place on my list to come back to. The burger was juicy, and with all the condiments loaded on there it came out pretty neat. I think I could've had more out on it, but I didn't want to try my luck with a burger that topples over to the point where it isn't a burger anymore. My philosophy: it's okay for mission burritos, no good for burgers on overloading condiments. This place was a quick meal with a good amount of seating. With a feel of old school dining mixed in with the new. Pick up a menu, go to the counter, order, and sit down for your masterpiece (or a default burger) to come greet your burger cravings. Overall, this place is worth looking into if you're into burgers and a little freedom as far as creating what you want to taste. This place will be on my list if I'm in town and looking for a burger.
5	What a great find!! Best burger place in town. Lots of options, everything tastes fresh and good. Went for dinner with some friends and for lunch before some shopping.  I will definitely go back & recommend Smash burger.
