1	Bought the groupon for exam, X-rays, and 3 adjustments.  Mind you, until now i was completely uneducated on chiropractors and assumed i was buying 3 actual adjustments... you know, where you can hear and feel the difference.  Setting the appointment was quick, easy and friendly. At the first appointment the office staff and doctor seemed a little 'too friendly'.  We (my spouse, daughter and I) waited for a while then were all escorted to a room to watch a video.  The video was of testimonials saying how awesome this new NUCCA chiropractic treatment was.  After more waiting the doc came in, told my spouse (who I bought the groupon for) to get on this scale that weighs each side of your body.  Wow, he was 20 pounds heavier on his right side.  Then the doc took X-rays and told us to set another appointment for the adjustment, which would give them time to evaluate the X-rays.  So we set an appt for the next morning.  After some more waiting we were escorted to the room to watch another video of all the NUCCA believers testimonials.  While we were waiting in there both my daughter and I stepped on the scale.. Hey you guessed it.. We were both 20 pounds heavier on our right sides.. Not to mention my daughter is only 6 years old lol.So doc comes in "I have good news and bad news.. The bad news is that your spine is pretty messed up.. Good news is I think our treatments will help you!" Then he presents us a paper with the pricing on the 8 weeks of treatment he recommended to 'get better' $2100.. "But if you pay up front it's only $1700." By then we already knew we wasted the $45 on the groupon.  So finally time for the "adjustment".  The doc literally rubbed my spouses neck with pressure lighter then my 6 year old would apply for about 25 seconds.Now to not continue to bore you with a pretty lame experience, it seems all they want is your money.  The adjustment did absolutely nothing to my spouse.  We no call no showed the last 2 appts and feel good about it.. Lol.  Hopefully this review saves some others from wasting their time and money on something that is truly "all in your mind".On a good note for the company, while we waited and waited those 2 days, there were a lot of patients signing in to get their "adjustments".   So for some, the mind funk obviously works. . . But if you want to feel a difference I say make sure you're going to a real back cracking body rubbing fair priced chiropractor.Thanks for reading ;)
1	Shame on Devin  Luzod. I truly believed he could help and it took 11 months for my husband and I to realize he is good about taking a lot off money..thousands and thousands up front and doing a lot of nothing else. After seeking and finding better NUCCA care I pray for those thinking they're getting treatment by this man.
1	Bought a groupon for $50 3 visits including X-rays --- they took X-rays the first visit .. No adjustment or pain relief what do ever !!! On second visit dr Luzod sat me down to tell me I would need surgery or would need to pay upfront $3800 for office visits 5 x a week !!! Bunch of crazy quacks !!! AVOID this PLACE .. I was NEVER adjusted ever .. Just sales pitches until I just stood up and left ! Fully taken advantage of -- SCAM!!!!!
