2	In all fairness, it may not be a hangout for me but I can see this being a successful place for the b&t crowd! My 2 stars are based on the $10 lunch menu which was so so...I had a salad which was salty and a pork burger that was mayonnaisey... Not a success but I'll give this place another chance since it's new and not an expensive lunch! I will base a new review on that...later dudes
3	I said I would re review this place... I would recommend this place! The food was delicious but it's not an inexpensive lunch
2	In all fairness, I expected to love this place...the menu looked great and I had heard good things so I'm disappointed by how disappointed I was. My boyfriend and I went Saturday night with an 8:45pm reservation. The place was full and the decoration and vibe were very nice. Our hostess apologized for our small table and offered to have us wait to be seated at another - we assured her that it was fine. As I said, the menu looked delicious and we had a hard time choosing what to eat.We ordered Aperol Spritz to start - it was good and authentic so no complaints there,We were then told they had run out of the wine we ordered - which was fine too, we chose another. I suppose this threw the waitress off because she came back to ask what our food order was again. We started off with the charcuterie plate - and were disappointed. At 25$ it was a good size with quite a bit of cured meat BUT only 3 types: mortadella, pancetta and salami...the most basic varieties of Italian deli meat with some pickled vegetables. I would even be willing to let this go as "authentic Italian brasserie" if they were outstanding but they were slimy and not very fresh. We then tried the papardelle bolognese - the meat and sauce were very good. As a main dish, my boyfriend ordered the bistecca well done. It arrived bloody and he was forced to send it back. As she took it, the waitress asked if it would be ok if they just put the same piece of meat on the grill and brought it back to him...at a loss, he answered "yeah sure". It arrived medium-rare. My main dish was the porchetta burger. I'm a BIG fan of porchetta and couldn't wait to try it. It tasted off and the rest of the "burger" toppings didn't seem to go well with it. I couldn't stomach it after forcing down half. (I later got violently sick...but that's another tangent)We declined dessert and asked for our bill. Our waitress kindly told us that she hadn't charged us the bistecca and a manager came over to apologize for the mistake. He seemed quite upset about it and we assured him it was fine. As my boyfriend went to pay the bill however, I noticed that we had been charged for our initial wine selection which they had run out of.  Another small detail. Overall, I was really let down by the food and the service. The waitresses were distracted and not very knowledgeable and while I can certainly forgive small oversights, there were quite a few of them. I was most let down by the food, which ultimately got me sick.... I had heard good things about the place which, after I mentioned my experience, were met with "oh but it was empty when I went and I just tried the pizza" - so I guess it's better when it's not busy and I should have ordered the pizza?
5	We went there on a Wednesday night, so naturally the restaurant wasn't full. I have to say, it was an excellent time to try it because we didn't feel rushed and really go to enjoy the restaurant. We got some great seats next to the floor to ceiling windows overlooking the view of downtown. We all ordered a variety of food, no pizza, but many appetizer and some pastas! Wow, we were very impressed at the quality of the meals. They were amazing. We had the salmon bomb, meatsauce pasta, beet and goat cheese salad and a bunch more. I would go back and probably order the same thing. Really reasonable pricing for the quality. The service was great and they were accomodating to my child.
2	The taste and texture of the gnocchi was very good. Usually, it is an indicator of a good Italian fare. The pizza was served cold on a thick tasteless crust. It lacked the freshness of the tomatoes and basil that you would expect from an Italian chef. The steak ordered medium came to the table well done. The plate was left untouched and the staff did not even care about inquiring. The service is extremely slow yet the staff is very courteous. Not worth the investment.
