5	Intimate, comfortable, classy, and tasteful all come to mind in word association to describe the delightful B&B experience known as Gingerbread Manor. Everything from the hosts and food to the furniture and decorations sum up to a first class experience that simply surpasses that at every hotel I have stayed at.  I contemplated posting photos of the delightful interior of the Gingerbread Manor, but in doing so, I would simply be ruining the surprise for the handful of people who might stumble upon this review.  We booked a room with a private bath (de Maisonneuve) which was equipped with all the amenities one needs. The bed was comfortable to the point where it was hard to simply get out it each morning during the days we were there. Every morning, we were served breakfast by Ephraim.  Each meal was complemented by a parfait starter and mini-desserts. It must be said that the coffee was excellent. But besides the quality of the food, the experience would not be the same without Yves and Ephraim. While we were out and about every day, we didn't have much of a chance to see Yves. Yves was the first to greet us upon arrival to make us feel at home. We spent most of our days chatting with Ephraim, who was a terrific host that I would liken to be a "walking Wikipedia" for everything Montreal. Our morning conversations were long and engaging covering topics from culinary arts and political science to music and technology. His restaurant recommendations were refreshingly honest and we never made a bad choice. He has my heartfelt gratitude for the introduction to the heart-attack inducing Canadian dish of poutine!    The lovely Gingerbread Manor is a five-star experience. The hosts run a first-class operation, which is reflected in their personality and ability to make their guests feel right at home. I have no need to try any other B&B or any hotel the next time I return to Montreal. I might not even go back to Montreal if a room at Gingerbread Manor is not available.
5	My boyfriend and I spent two nights at this wonderful little bed and breakfast. Everything was perfect, from the arrangements that were made in advance of our arrival to the warm hospitality we received while there, and even the follow up notes after we had left. We knew that we would be getting in late, around midnight, and the owners were kind enough to set us up with access to our reserved garage parking space and entrance into our private room all in advance. As we walked up the stoop to the front door there was even a welcome note in the window for us! To our pleasant surprise we had been upgraded to the Frontenac Room, a spacious abode on the second floor with a huge bed, a TV, DVD player, a sitting area and a daybed, and even little gingerbread cookies and mints waiting for us. A wonderful late-night snack after hours on the road! The decor was beautiful with a deep red and gold theme. Everything was immaculate and the bed sheets and comforter were both soft and cozy, and I loved wrapping myself up in them each night. The house is on a quiet street right in the heart of Montreal, with walking distance to the Latin Quarter, downtown, some of the more eclectic sides of town such as Rue St. Denis, Rue Saint Lawrence and Saint Lawrence Square, and Rue Jean Talon. We were also quite close to the metro station, as well as the main road, Sherbrooke, for driving around to Mount Royal and the Botanical Gardens. Our hosts, Ephraim and Yves, were fabulous cooks, and always sent us off at the beginning of the day with a huge homemade breakfast topped off with some of the richest, strongest coffee that I have ever had. On our first morning they served us buttery French Toast with real maple syrup and on our second morning we had homemade fruit blintzes, quite a treat, with the perfect blend of savory and sweet. They also gave excellent directions to nearby local points of interests. When we checked out, they also wrote down on a map for us turn-by-turn directions back to the highway. I would definitely go back, and really, truly enjoyed my stay. There were so many other little touches, as well, such as a spotless shared bathroom with full amenities, including makeup remover towelettes, Q-tips, cotton balls, nail polish remover, soap, shampoo, and conditioner. I loved the wide shower head and the strong water pressure - so relaxing to look forward to after a long day of walking around. There was also cable, free WiFi, and even though we did not personally participate, bicycles to rent per day for very reasonable prices. When asked their advice for a place to have dinner, they not only recommended their own personal favorite in the city, but even made the reservations for us and confirmed upon our return that we were treated well and got the insider's discount. Quite the personal service. We were both impressed and delighted by the time we spent at both the Gingerbread Manor and in the city of Montreal itself, and miss them both so much already.
5	This B&B is truly wonderful!  Just got back from a long weekend in Montreal with my boyfriend and we stayed here; it was a lovely experience.  It is situated on a quaint street near many shops and restaurants, with a metro station around the corner.  The house itself is a brownstone style house with a lot of character.The men that run the place, Ephraim and Yves, are great.  They make any accommodations they can to make your stay comfortable and pleasant.  We had vegans, vegetarians and gluten free requirements at a single breakfast, but it was not a problem here!  Ephraim is a passionate and talented chef, you won't be disappointed.  Before going out at night, we would ask for recommendations about where to go to eat.  Like another reviewer said, these guys know their food!  The recommendations they made were stellar, and they provide a lot of knowledge and insight into the city.We stayed in de Maisonneuve, the only room with a private bath.  It was a great room, with one of the most comfortable beds I have had the pleasure of sleeping in! Everything was so clean.  The bathroom for those that shared was large, with a separate toilet area, so next time I stay I wouldn't mind if I do have a shared bath.  All the rooms looked nice.As this was my first time in Montreal, I don't think I could have found a better place to stay.  Staying at the Gingerbread Manor helped make my experience what it was.
5	Where do I begin.  I decided to take a solo trip(drive) from Philadelphia, PA to Montreal(mental health therapeutic endeavor).  I was under so much pressure as a result of this journey.  I was lost for an hour and arrived quite late in the evening. The stress reliever and the beginning of a wonderful stay st the Gingerbread Manor was when I walked up the steps to finally reach my  - a large welcome sign (specifically with my name on it) which was to me the confirmation that I was HOME.I was unexpectedly upgraded to the "Frontenac" room which is a wonderfully spacious, comfortably designed for relaxation (sleeping, reading, or just gazing out the window to collect  my thoughts.Each morning -I woke up to a beautiful breakfast setting that would give any 5 star hotel a run for their money. The main Breakfast was freshly prepared.  I enjoyed wonderful pancakes with strawberries (with maple syrup), crepes, omelettes with potato pancakes to die for. As mentioned my trip was solo - the owners never let me dine alone. I recommend the Gingerbread Manor to families, couples, as well as single patrons (male or female).  The warm, safe and attention to detail/customer service has made this my exclusive home away from home when I return to Montreal.In conclusion to my stay - I was given a navigational print out to assure my safe return to Philadelphia.I say BRAVO - and keep up the impeccable service!!!!!!Andrea (Philadelphia)
5	Well once again I am overwhelmed by the superb service that I received during my stay at the Gingerbread Manor.  As promised, that when I come to Montreal this B&B will be my home away from home.  I have an extremely hectic schedule and I needed to prepare for certifications/licensing, etc. for my new employer. I decided to go to a place that I knew I could obtain the focus I needed to study as well as have all my amenities of home.  That was why I picked Gingerbread Manor Bed and Breakfast.  They respected my need for privacy and quiet as well as they were very helpful in suggesting were I should go for dinner and various other entertainment venues.I applaud their continued effort for excellence.I think sometimes I work hard so that I can take time off to be pampered at the whimsical Gingerbread Manor.FYI - And as a result of my purpose for studing.  I did pass my certification requirements.Thanks!!Ephraim and Yve
