5	I've been taking pilates classes from Sharla for almost 2 years now, she is a wonderful instructor! I'm so happy she finally has her own studio. The studio itself is so cute and clean! Perfectly located in the university area across from Gammage Auditorium. Sharla gives very exact cueing and very detailed word pictures to help you understand the moves she teaches. She is also great at giving personal attention, (you feel like the class is just for you, even if there are others present!)  I have developed such a strong core with her! Pilates has really helped smooth out my muscle as well as celulite. (the mat classes can be very challenging! and the reformer classes I find to be more theraputic than anything)Not only does she teach pilates, but she will be offering TRX classes, as well as booty bar (which btw, not too many people teach this in Az yet....but wait, it will be the next big thing!) She also offers body rolling classes, which is where you roll your muscles out on small balls....the effects are amazing! Those classes have really helped me with some shoulder issues I've had. It's basically like a deep tissue massage that you give to yourself. I'm so happy that even more people will now have the opportunity to taught by one of the best Pilates instructors in this area!
5	If you want celebrity STAR treatment, and want to feel like you are getting a private session for a steal ...you may have to share with a few other people but you def. feel like its one on one -THE INSTRUCTOR IS HELPING AND GUIDING EVERY STEP OF THE CLASS! ( you can feel the PLASTES in action) I love the fact that you can just drop in any day or time on a class and play a flat fee esp since I live such a busy on the go life. I woke up sore this moring but I know the hard work will pay off, its my new favorite place to go on saturday morings before brunch! This place is a hidden gem (:
5	This place is awesome! I'm a runner and wanted to add some strength training and variety to my routine and this is definitely it. Sharla is a great instructor -when I called and told her I was a Pilates newbie she suggested a private session to start so I would know the basics before I did group classes and man she worked me out! I felt like I was in physical therapy! Now the day after I am super sore in that good way. She never made me feel dumb even though she had to explain everything to me twice ha ha. The studio is super cute and clean and totally reminds me of San Francisco :) Cool and laid back. The pricing is totally reasonable too! I will definitely be back to try all the different classes. It really is a hidden gem!
5	This place is great!! I have been looking for a fun and affordable Zumba class in the Tempe area and I have finally found it!! Thanks to my new  MindBODYconnect APP I was able to find this awesome place! To my surprise it was less than 10 min from my house and centrally located to everything. I particularly loved the environment and the energy of this place, everyone was super friendly and nice which definitely makes me want to go back!! Thanks for the awesome workout!!! If youre into the huge fitness classes with a tons of people and no room then this is not the place for you.
