1	The "Chinese" food at Manchu Wok is disgusting. If I could give zero stars, I would. This swill (General Tso's chicken was soft and reminded me of GLUTEN) was so absurdly bad that I couldn't finish it, and my friends know I can eat ANYTHING. The lo-mein was tasteless. It was "Panda Express"-expensive, but not remotely as tasty.I ate here when I was semi-stranded at the Charlotte Douglas airport overnight - the only positive was that the meal was comped by the airline.Everytime you eat there, God kills a kitten. Oh, and Manchu Wok profits. Avoid this place.
1	Fine substitute for ipecac.  Avoid at all costs: this is the worst of all airport food.  Anything looks delicious and reasonably priced after you've eaten Manchu Wok.
2	See the picture for this place? My plate was almost exactly the same. Those stuff were just alright - very generic Chinese-American fast food glop. Honestly, if you eat here, you can't really expect more than that, can you? Not even in the 21st century. Or the 22nd. Or the 23rd.But that being said - those green beans were tasteless and the worst of the lot on that plate. And they make sure to give you a lot of those.Fail.
1	I ate at this place, when I was at Charlotte - Douglas International Airport. The very moment I finished eating the not-so-good food, it felt like something was stuck in my throat. I thought it was rice or something, but apparently, nothing was stuck in my throat. I realized later on that I got a sore throat from that food that I ordered. Now, I have very bad colds. I'm not eating in this place again. NEVER AGAIN.
1	Go anywhere else to eat!!!!I came here during a lay over at the Charlotte Airport.  As soon as I sat down and opened the container, I regretted it.  The food just looks overprocessed and gross.I ordered the Kung Pao chicken and rice.  They didn't even have regular white rice, only fried.  Way too heavy of a meal when you're about to sit on another airplane for another 4 hours.The food was absolutely disgusting.  I took 2 bites and threw it away.  I can't believe I wasted $10 on this crap.  I then walked over to BK for a $1.75 cheeseburger that tasted like it came from a 5 star restaurant compared to this dump.
1	What can you really expect from an airport chinese place....really?!
2	Well you shouldn't really expect too much from airport Chinese food, honestly. It will be expensive, it will be filled with grease, and you have to be really careful with picking what to eat because most of the food available will not taste good.I got fried rice, mixed vegetables and green beans. The fried rice was bland, the veggies were edible, but I thought that the green beans tasted quite decent. Granted I love green beans, it's really hard to mess them up, and I hadn't eaten anything for over 10 hours and I was starving. Ended up paying a little over $8 for all of this. I didn't think it was too too bad as I didn't have high expectations in the first place, but I wish I had read the yelp reviews beforehand; I'd have gone too BK or chilli's.
1	Holy God, I should have checked the reviews before eating here. Because of my tragic inability to read a map, I apparently walked to the completely wrong end of the Atrium in search of Salsaritas. Near some other unsavory selections, this seemed to be the quick & easy choice.I'm no stranger to food court Chinese. In fact, I used to look forward to stopping in the mall with mom and brother to cheaply nibble on the toothpicked free samples of sweet & sour chicken before buying a plate and splitting it three-ways. Americanized Chinese food is comfort food in a way. Dependable, affordable, tasty.This was none of those things. I went for the two-item dish which comes with rice (no white rice or brown rice option; only fried). I chose General Tso's and Beef & Broccoli. Both were dished up in IDENTICAL sauces. Let's call it Brown Sauce. Brown Sauce has no flavor. And it's cornstarched to hell, so it's thick and blubbery like day-old gravy. Brown Sauce has no business being on General Tso's Chicken. Brown Sauce made me embarrassed FOR my food. I ended up dumping half my meal... and I never do that.I love CLT's classy atrium, but can't recommend this dining option. If you need me, I'm brushing up on my cartography.
2	Tasteless.... I come to this place all the time because of business travel thru NC. The food is fresh but needs salt and flavor!What can I say... it's the only Chinese food here to go.
1	Wins 2 awards. Worst Chinese food in an airport, anywhere.  I feel sorry for the trash  can I through food into.
1	I was desperate for some rice after being on travel for 3 days and having serious rice withdraw.  I am sorry and ashamed to say that I had to eat this crappy food.  now I know what a crackhead must feel like staring down at the pipe.  he knows it can kill him, but he cannot stop himself.
