4	It's a Taco Bell, nothing too special, this location is hit or miss as to how full your burrito will be, and whether or not it will be wrapped well enough to not drip food out the bottom when you take a bite from the top.
2	Well, it started off well... As I was walking up to the door, an employee about to go on break stopped and held the door open for me. That was nice and, frankly, a notch above the service one expects or usually gets at a fast food joint.  Unfortunately, that all went to hell the moment I walked in the door.There was only one other customer in the place and his facial expression - that borderline look between frustration & constipation - should have tipped me off.  There were two employees in the cook line as they were so engrossed in their conversation that they didn't see or hear me come in.  Despite my "Excuse me's" & audible sighs they didn't bother to acknowledge me. One of these ladies was a manager.  The other one, working the line, had plastic gloves on but kept touching her shirt as she stood there making the food order in between squeaking with the manager.I wasn't acknowledged until the drive thru girl came out of the bathroom still zipping up her pants.  When she finally asked if I had been helped yet, I politely said, "No, and I've changed my mind."The customer that was there when I walked in, who was still waiting for his food order, started laughing out loud as I walked out.  Sad, actually, if you stop to consider that he was actually going to eat the food that the gloved employee that kept touching her shirt was making for him...Not coming back to this Taco Bell - ever!
1	Came here to try to try their XXL Steak Nachos. Not impressed. Also ordered a Chipotle Ranch Chicken and a Chili Cheese Griller because it only a dollar during happy hour which is 2 to 5 pm everyday. Again, not impressed even though it is only a dollar each.First off, the XXL Steak Nachos had hardly any steak on it. 3 times the steak? More like 3 little strips cut up into really tiny pieces. It wasn't even warm and it didn't even taste like steak.  From the commercial they make it look bigger than it seems and even the poster that is on their wall shows you a lot more ingredients. The Grillers? Flavorless and bland. I don't even wanna go into details cuz it would be a waste of time for me and you.As for service, who the heck trains these people? Was just showing up to work more than enough to be construed as hard working? After we ordered, it took about 10 minutes before we got our food and there was only one other customer ahead of us that has already ordered.On their door where you enter, they have a sticker that says free wifi. I tried scanning for their free signal but my phone couldn't connect to it. Maybe my phone knew better than waste its battery power trying to connect to a non existent router. In closing, this just might be the last time that I ever step foot in a TB. I try not to recommend other places out of respect but I didn't get any from your establishment so you are not getting any from me. That same night, I took my kids to Del Taco to make up for the bad experience. Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #35
3	It's just Taco Bell nothing to get happy about...it's cheap an fast...the only thing I hope for every time I come is that they get my order right. It really truly is a hot or miss at this location...I guess it depends on who works late here. For example: Sometimes I'll get the person who doesn't sound like they want to work there but they always get my order right...and other days I'll get the person with an amazing personality but can never seem to get a #6 right to save their life. So yes hit or missDon't get me wrong it's not like I'm gonna quit going there...whenever I'm in the mood for something quick fast and in a hurry Taco Bell is always my go to spot...but it's only because I love the Fire taco sauce...The sauce packages really make me happy
