4	My wife and I decided to try Il Vino Cucina and Wine Bar at Aliante Station for dinner tonight. We had been to the previous occupant of the space, Pips, once about a year and a half ago. It was good, but the prices never got us back in. After trying Il Vino, I can tell you we will definitely be back.We started with their Antipasti Appetizer. The fried zucchini was good if you dipped it in the included marinara sauce, but otherwise had limited flavor. The bruschetta was yummy, but the fried mozzerella was OMG good. It was still creamy and yummy even though it wasn't flaming hot, like you see in most restaurants. My wife had the Chicken Cannelloni. The flavor was good, but my wife found it a little dry for her taste, almost like it needed a little more sauce inside the shells. I had the chicken parm. So good. I know it's hard to screw up, but the chicken was well-seasoned and moist. The marinara sauce was amazingly good.Haley, the General Manager stopped by to say hi, and we couldn't resist chatting with her. She was very open to feedback. There are a couple of kinks they are working out (some of the Italian sodas on their menu they don't actually carry), but otherwise, it was a good dinner.The prices were more than reasonable and portions were adequate, but not obscene. This could very easily become a solid neighborhood Italian restaurant in an area that is underserved.
3	I tried this place last night and since I am an Italian originally from New York, I figured my opinion might be useful.After about a 30 minute wait, we were finally seated.  Our waiter was Chris, who sounded like he was from NY, but  I didn't ask him.He brought us out some bread sticks, which were similar to the ones you find at Olive Garden.. decent, but not that you would expect at a real Italian restaurant..I ordered the eggplant parm because I have been DYING for some good eggplant around here.. My husband order the chicken parm.The eggplant was pretty good.. nothing amazing, the portion was pretty good. Had I not opted for their $4 side salad before my entree, I might have been slightly disappointed.  The eggplant was not the best I'd had, but it was edible, unlike some places I'd been to out here.  The sauce was OK.. nothing too great and seemed almost "too smooth," not chunky at all and seemed to be too much of a bright red.My husband seemed to like his chicken.  We may or may not go back here.. I haven't decided yet.
4	Il Vino is a great Italian restaurant located up in Aliante and I must say, it is definitely a steal!  My family and I decided to try something new for Italian food that was not Olive Garden.  There were 10 of us who went in to have dinner and we were just thrilled with the entire experience! The staff was very accommodating of our large group (we failed to make reservations), the food was great and the prices were just right!  Everyone in our party was thrilled with their food and the portions were very large.  I myself had the chicken parm and it was delicious!  Since dining there, my husband and I have already returned to have drinks and to enjoy their great $3 small bites menu.  If you live in the northwest, I definitely suggest trying out this place!  Enjoy
1	Ok, if you are looking for a cheap "Italian" dinner, then this is the place to go, they advertise that all of their entrees are under $20... But one bite into your meal, you see why.In our experience, the service was awful. We were ignored at the door, so we went to the bar. Quickly received & paid for our drinks, and told the bartender that we were waiting for a table... a few minutes later the host scurried up to the podium and told us she had a table for us. Upon being seated, we looked thru the menu, finished our drinks, and waited, and waited, and waited for our server. I'm sure our faces displayed our thinning patience, and someone (who I can only assume was a Manager or Supervisor) came over to take our drink order. We ordered our drinks, and told her that we were also ready to order our dinners... she said our server would be right over. Quite a few minutes later, or server rushed up to the table, apologized for the wait (which I respect), and offered to take our drink order... we explained that someone already had, but that we were ready to order our meals. We did so, and a couple minutes later our drinks arrived. At this point, I was beyond frustrated, and was very happy to see that our food was delivered rather quickly by a foodrunner/busser.Unfortunately, we then tasted our meals... The food was bland, small portioned, and extremely un-impressive. We had eaten appetizers at MRKT just across the way, and had decided to try Il Vino since it had recently re-opened, and appeared to be a beautiful restaurant with a classy ambiance... I wish we'd stayed at MRKT.Besides the tasteless Minestrone and Manicotti, the Caprese salad had so much salt on it, it was almost CRUNCHY.We were completely finished with our meals, and the server had not once returned to check on us. In fact, we were able to watch him visit his two other tables multiple times, while seemingly forgetting about us in the corner.We were planning on getting dessert, as we were out to celebrate our anniversary, but everything took so long that we ended up approaching another server in order to get our check, pay and leave. We expressed our dissatisfaction to the other server, and no one was ever involved to make sure we were leaving happy.I will never go back. Go to MRKT instead. :)
4	Took wife to Il Vino for her birthday. Atmosphere was decent for a casino restaurant. Our waiter, Zach, was attentive but not overbearing. I had lasagna and wife had manicotti. Both were very good. Nice size portions that we had to pack to take home since we could not eat it all. Excellent bread sticks. The moscato wine was superb.  Very affordable dinner as well.
2	I was very excited to try a different restaurant for my Birthday but the experience was terrible.  It took 45 minutes to get sat they don't take reservations unless its 20 or more.  literally we sat there for over 10 minutes before our server even spoke to us.  He asked who wanted wine... and was about to walk away...not even going to ask if anyone at the table wanted a different drink.  He said he was going to bring bread sticks and we finally got them about an hour after being there.  Don't get me wrong the food was great but having to go thru all the crap to get good food is totally not worth it.  The server wouldn't split our check therefore making it tough to figure out how to pay.  The hostess said parties over 8 are no split checks but we only had 6 so what happened???    All in all you might want to try another restaurant in the casino or a different Italian restaurant if that's what you prefer
4	this place is just up the street from our house and we finally decided to try it out this past Monday with some good friends! they LOVE this place and now that my boyfriend & I have been... I can understand why! the price and food is phenomenal!! we each ordered a 'personal pizza' which had about 8 thin slices for $5! all their appetizers were $3... mac & cheese, chicken sliders, potato crisps, etc... I highly recommend this place! either eating at the bar or even inside the restaurant area, the pasta dishes are under $15. Definitely a hidden treasure at the Aliante Casino!! FOUR STARS +++++++ for sure!! :)
3	We ate here twice recently and have discovered that the casio has recently taken over operation of the restaurant, which is an improvement. It does have very reasonably priced specials which is satisfying for the price you pay. (i.e. $5 flat breat pizzas) I imagine that the lure is the food specials and the profit is made on the drinks. It has a nice atmosphere and a cool wine sampling machine in the bar area. On both our viists, we ate in the bar area which was packaed but our bartender/server Katie was on her game and didn't miss a beat.
2	$5 pizzas at the bar are ok along with the cool wine serving machine but entrees are plain, unimaginative, and dry. Don't order them!
4	I took my girlfriend here the other day and I have to say I like the place well enough. I see many semi bad reviews below, but as they tend to say you do get what you pay for. Do not expect a three star experience when you are short on budget. ;pFor what it is, I feel I got a good service and good food. Sure not superstar dishes but good dishes. I had the Seafood Linguini, which was good. I have to say I do like the one at the Italian restaurant at the golden nugget the best so far in town. My girl had Veal Piccata and it tasted good as well, she also had some wine, we received some breadsticks (Very similar to olive garden and I know, I used to work there heating them up ;p ) we also had an appetizer of some bruschetta with sundried tomatoes, mozzarella and balsamic glaze... this was REALLY good. Fresh and taste bud popping.The server was always on top of things and was very nice and personable.Oh, I almost forgot... there Cheesecake is the bomb. It's a ricotta based cheese cake so it's nice, thick and rich with that nice toasted outside. YumsI am giving it 4 stars because it is what it portrays itself to be, a good atmosphere with good food, good service and good pricing. I am sure I'll go back sometime.
4	we decided to come here, since we were still hungry after the movie.  I would have to say its a decent place to eat.  Kind of unique in its own way, but overall its a good place.  Located inside Aliante Station Casino, the restaurant has a very well setting of the place.  The entrance way, was basically a big glass door.  On one side of the restaurant, it has the bar and the other side, had its sit down restaurant.  I did like the color scheme, even though it was kind of dark.  But the material on the seats and the booth, seems very nice.  Once the placed open, I think we were probably the first customers in the restaurant.  We were greeted at the front desk, and was sitted right away.  Our waiter was very pleasant and gave us time to read over the menu.  I started with a Strawberry Italian Soda, which was very good.  The wife had Italian Soda with whip cream, and it look very interesting.  A few minutes later, our waiter came back and took our order.  We started with Mozeralla triangles, then we ordered the pepperoni pizza and a Fettucini Alfredo with chicken.  We basically shared, since we were still half full from the popcorn and soda from the movie.  While we were waiting with our food, we got a basket of bread sticks, which was delicious.  Once the Mozeralla Triangles came in, it was really good.  I like the fact that it was more of a melted cheese.  Unlike cheese sticks that comes out in one big glob of cheese.  At least with these triangles, you can surely get cheese in every bite.  I loved them.  When our pizza and fettucini came out, it did look very good and presented very well.  The pizza was stove baked, and thin, which looked really good.  I did try it, and it was okay.  A bit on the greasey side, but okay.  The crust itself was crunchy, a bit hard, but edible.  The fettucini on the other hand, was awesome, I did like how it was present, and it wasn't totally covered in alfredo sauce, it was just the right amount for me.  Unfortunately I didn't finish the fettucini, but my wife did the next day.  We had to take everything to go, since it was more then we can handle.  I was debating on dessert, cause we were stuff, but we decided to take a cheesecake to go instead.  The waiter was nice enough to bag everything for us.  Which was really nice of him.  Overall, it is a great place, a bit unsure on the pizza but from the look of the fettucini, it seems like they have a lot more to offer.  The pricing is decent, to a tad bit pricey.  But I believe you'll get your money's worth, with the food and the service.  Also, for those who see a movie before you go here, you can use your ticket stubs to get a free dessert.  Unfortunately I didn't use mine, cause it didn't really feel right using it, just to take it to go.  If I was going to sit there and eat it, then maybe.  But that's just me.  ENJOY!!
1	If I could, I would give this restaurant no points at all. It was probably one of the worst experiences I have had since a long time. I had been craving Italian for a while and thought since this is so close to us we should give it a try. As we entered the restaurant there was nobody there to seat us. We waited there somehow confused wondering if we have to seat ourselves maybe! Then after a couple of minutes, a girl came towards us and told us that it would take 5 to 10 minutes, where clearly in a restaurant with a capacity of close to 350 seats, there were at least 200 seats still available. So I didn't understand why we had to wait 10 minutes while she and another girl were just standing there and talking. Then after 5 minutes she finally brought the menus and seated us. Ok, the ambient is very nice and it gives you a little bit of a high class feeling. But unfortunately nothing else in the restaurant is high class. We ordered a glass of red wine (Chianti) for $11 and a pomegranate soda for $2.99. We ordered the bread sticks that came with a marinara sauce and a Alfredo sauce. The marinara sauce tasted like the one from the food court and the Alfredo sauce tasted really dry and bland. The bread sticks were dry and not so fresh. I have had better ones at Olive Garden. At this point I was so hungry though that I didn't care so much. Then I ordered the eggplant Parmesan with spaghetti. Well, the spaghetti didn't come until I asked where they are. He admitted that they had brought me the wrong order and that he would bring me a side spaghetti. But he never apologized for it and only tried to justify it by saying that it happens and the cook is busy. He did bring the side spaghetti with marinara sauce. Then I had like 4 bites of my food and couldn't take another bit. The whole thing tasted worse than a food court Italian place. Marinara tasted like out of a jar and the side spinach was just bland and nothing special. I was very disappointed in my food and we let the waiter know. Half a minute later, he is standing there with the manager and another waiter and they are discussing this about 10 feet from us, then whispering and looking over! Then he came back and apologized and asked me if I wanted anything else but gave us this look, that made us very uncomfortable. To top everything the waiter lost our credit card at the end and we had to wait 15 minutes watching them looking for the credit card. We definitely wouldn't go back there as the quality price ratio wasn't fair at all. This was just a terrible experience and the manager didn't even try to make up for it.
4	we went  2011.05.14.2000. veal scaloppini and chicken marsala were excellent. Sunny, our server, was great. mojito was the best we've had. only criticism is bruschetta should be on italian bread not melba toast.
5	This place was amazing.  The food was excellent, service was very good and the atmosphere was that of a much more expensive restaurant.  I had the shrimp scampi.  It was very good and easily had 30 shrimp in it for $13.99.  My wife had the chicken parm which was also very good.  It came with 2 large pieces of chicken and spaghetti for $10.99.  They had kid's meals for my children.  They even gave my son 3 scoops of gelato for free because he had just celebrated his birthday.  Today we purchased a coupon on weluvlocals.com where we paid $25 for $50 worth of food.  Me and my family can't wait to go back.
3	I have to admit I liked it better as Pips... :/ The wine bar is one of my favorite things at this place and even the other night just was not hitting the right spot.  I know we had a few appetizers and they were delicious! the sliders were my fave!
4	Boy do I love me a good wine lounge. Yes, II Vino is more than just a lounge. It's a restaurant as well, but I only partook in the lounge aspect of this establishment...and it was a little slice of wonderful. Yesterday, a couple of friends and myself went here to kill some time before our movie. My inner-wino eagerly adds that entering this place was like stepping into Narnia. We were instantly engulfed by the demure ambiance. Personally, I forgot for a few moments that we just exited a noisy casino. After picking out an area in the lounge, we went up to the bar and ordered our wine. I can't remember the wine I ordered which is a little embarrassing. I was so excited, I literally picked the first one at the top of the red wine list. What I do remember about the flavor was that it had some hints of orange in it. Take my word for it, it was good. We proceeded to sip our wines and have a nice chat in our cozy little corner. The one thing that I found slightly unimpressive was that after we did order our wine and sat, the servers seemed to forget about us. Granted we were only there for 25 minutes, but no one came around once to ask how we were. They were very kind when we interacted with them upon our arrival, but there was no contact after that. A small bummer, but not something that would deter me from returning at a later date.
5	After reading the reviews, I was a bit skeptical to take my 9-month pregnant wife here, especially since we are self proclaimed foodies and have eaten at most of the top rated Italian locales. We were super happy with the restaurant and we were both very pleasantly surprised. The ambiance, food, service, price, everything was great. We'd highly recommend it. Our waiter was Guillermo......he was awesome.  We can't wait to go back!
1	We have tried to enjoy a meal here on two occasions.  Disappointed is a kind comment.  How can you call yourself an italian restaurant and not be able to make sauce.  Its as if there are no spice in the kitchen at all when they cook.   When we mentioned it to the server, he acted as though the sauce is always bland.  No one cared.  We will not be back.
2	Not sure how restaurants in this casino are surviving. Walked in at 9:00 PM, not a soul in the restaurant (Hey Sunday nite, what can you expect).Server was prompt took our order for brevegaes..Ice Tea..brought in the smalles ice tea glasses I've ever seen..3 gulps gone..Ordered apitizer, bread sticks, chicken marsala and chicken w/ angel hair pasta. Interlude between apitazier and main course was good.  Entraees were actually tasty..Chicken could of been grilled longer. Sauce no doubt comes out of a bag and heated. Sauted spinich...well lets just say not recently prepared..Looked like frozen chopped spinich..no garlic slivers or anything..very bland.Service was very good..for the price, nothing over $12.00 on the entree's not bad...every thing is ala carte. Give it a try if you on your way or coming from a movie and don't want the food court.
5	We went here last night with some friends and our whole dining experience was superb! I looked on Yelp beforehand and got the feeling this place was a hit or miss. Luckily it was a total HIT for us! You have to try it for yourself, forget the bad comments!We shared a Cesar salad before our meal and that was a perfect size for both of us. If we had each ordered a dinner salad instead of sharing, we would have been way too full to eat our dinners. Keep in mind they also give you bread sticks, Olive Garden-type, along with olive oil and vinegar before your meal. I ordered the Seafood Linguine and my husband ordered the Meat Rigatoni. We were both very pleased with the taste, price and size of our meals! Very Generous portions of pasta, enough to take home and eat the other half later, or share 1 entree for 2 people. My entree was very tasty and had plenty of seafood! My husband loves meat, usually there isn't enough in any entree. He commented that there was too much for him to eat. The service was awesome, the food was delicious and the ambiance was perfect! I would highly recommend, and we will be going back for sure!
5	The $5 pizzas in the bar area are awesome awesome!  Thin crusted, great toppings, large for $5!Plus the Chicken Parm sliders are only $3!!You can eat here for under $10 for a couple.  We love this place!!!
2	When El Vino first opened and up until recently they have been my favorite but things are staring to go downward decline in thier cooking.The staff seams service is still exceptional but the cooking has changed. I hope they go back to what made them great,  I ate thier last night and was not impressed.
3	If you can make good Pasta at Home, save your cash. If not this place is OK.
3	The food here is just mediocre. It's not too expensive, but the expression "you get what you pay for" definitely applies here. The dishes tend to be a bit on the bland side. The Italian soda was also unexceptional. It's tough to find good Italian in NLV, and this place is definitely not it.
2	This place has disgraced Italian food worse than the Olive Garden!  I think a spicy Italian from Subway has more Italian food goodness than the food here.  Folks,,,, it really is that bad.  The food;Shrimp Scampi - uuughhh.  They used u90 shrimp or something... I am talking little tiny shrimp with no flavor.  I think they actually just tossed some precooked shrimp in with the pasta.  Very little garlic.  The pasta was dry.  The meal was ... FAIL.Cheese Pizza - The crust was beyond thin... pizza crust can be thin but it has to have some type of leavening other wise it is a tortilla!  The sauce was sweet - no good.  The piece of pizza had to be folded twice to be eaten.  It was crap.Spaghetti Bolognese - pasta was overcooked.  The sauce was basic spaghetti sauce.  I can't believe I would ever say this, but I would rather go to the olive garden!  The food is that bad.  They get one star for the nice decor.  This place is kinda retro but modern - it's stylish inside.  Very tony.  They get another star for the hostess and the little black dress...
2	Meh. I've experienced better.Okay, I have huge issues with what most Italian cuisine out there poses to be.  Don't give me a meal that anyone can make with a decent understanding of how their kitchen and a grocery store work... and then do like a 400% mark-up on the price.  Worse still, it's becoming increasingly difficult to find a place that use fresh ingredients and makes things from scratch.  Otherwise, last I checked, a box of pasta and a can of tomatoes were pretty darn cheap.In another words, I crave authenticity and value (I know: those two don't always play well with each other), and as usual, this Italian left me disappointed.  This place came highly recommended to me as good, fairly priced Italian food.  The chicken cannelloni were talked up so much, that three, out of the five of us, ordered it.  For $12 a plate, I expect more than just two standard cannelloni (even if just a side salad or something), especially if the chicken was pretty dry -- if I were to guess, a consequence of prefabrication.  Yet to its credit, the bechamel sauce had perfect consistency and wasn't too rich.  Luckily the bread, oil, and balsamic were gratis so I could at least get my fill.Looking at the menu, I will say the prices aren't as bad as most culprits, yet the quality could be taken up a notch to meet them.  Also, the ambiance deserves a note.  Italian places usually goes in one of two directions: a Tuscan kitchen motif or a Sicilian mafia motif.  While the former tends to be more intimate, the latter, like this establishment, tends to be classier.  The booths have ample leg as well as elbow room.  I would call the lighting romantic without being too dim.  The hostess was delightfully bubbly.  Service by the waitress was spot on without any deficiencies or commendations of note.  Despite my trepidations, I might find myself here again.
4	Came here last week with a friend before we went to a movie. I am always reluctant to try italian because more times than not, it's a dissapointment. The bread was soft and hot. My wine was cold, and the Ravioli with Tomatoe cream sauce was pretty damn good. I try not to eat till i'm stuffed, but I had a hard time pushing my plate away! This place may not be a mom and pop authentic Italian restaurant but for the price which BTW was very reasonable it was very good. I will gladly return again and agian. I believe our waiters name was Zach and he also was very good and very attentive! Makes an evening out much more enjoyable!
3	The ambiance of the restaurant is beautiful. We had to wait 20 minutes , which wasnt bad considering it was the weekend. I was a lil iffy because the reviews on yelp at the time were 50/50. We ended up liking it very much. My husband is a med tech, and one of the ladies at the table next to us had fainted . One of the guys in charge wasn't so nice to my husband, he was just making sure the poor lady was okay.  Other then that the food was good. I wouldn't say its great but its not bad.
1	It is very simple food, and you probably could find the same dishes prepared in the buffet.  No offense to anyone who enjoys this restaurant, however, I would challenge you to expand your culinary horizons...
3	I love the food here. I always get super full and take some home with me to enjoy later in the evening but being a server myself....I HATE THEIR SERVICE. The owner/boss needs to really kick their staff in the asses with this. I think theres only one server I will let wait on us and his name is Zack or something like that. Very nice, very attentive and didn't bulls**t us. They have one server there though, who not only is the the MOST talkative annoying guy around (he literally never stops talking and reminds you 100000000 times hell be right back but never leaves) He's also willing to argue with his customers AND make them pay for things they don't want.My family and I showed up one night and he ended up being our server. *major disappointment* He tried to tell my mom to buy her next computer at WALMART because they 'know their computers'....really dude...Not only are my husband and i super computer gamers, but I also worked in the best buy computer sales AND all of our friends are all IT gamer nerds...really...walmart? AND then he proceeded to tell us we didn't know anything we were talking about. PLEASE FIRE THIS GUY! on top of that my sister and i had a spat during dinner and we're in pissy moods, I asked him to please NOT bring me the cappucino I had ordered and PLEASE just give me a box for my dessert. No box....and a cappucino....then we looked at our bill...AND HE CHARGED ME FOR A DRINK I DIDNT WANT. Dude....go find a class on server 101 and shutting the hell up and then find a new job, you're aiding in the ruining of their business. Aside from that...I love the cannoli's and their food...just please train your staff better....they really are rude and annoying needless to say, for the most part.
5	Wonderful! My husband and I came here before a movie, we were in and out within an hour. I ordered the lemon basil chicken, which was phenomenal. I decided to try a watermellon Italian soda, which was yummy. I would have loved to try more of the flavors. Waiter (Christopher) was great about checking in on us. I felt the prices were more than reasonable. I would recommend this restaurant for anyone looking for a great Italian meal.
4	Pizza is fresh and good price.
3	The atmosphere was great and the food was delicious. One bad thing was that the emergency alarm went off for like 20 minutes at the casino. Everybody ignored it and continued eating. I wish they stopped the alarm sooner so people can eat more peacefully.
4	This is a beautiful restaurant inside Aliante Station Casino but don't be intimidated by how fancy it looks. There's actually inexpensive but very good food there. I like to sit at the bar whenever I come here to eat. The food comes out in a timely manner and portions are really big. I usually order the linguine and clams and have them make it with a spicy red sauce. It's not on the menu but they never hesitate to make it for me. It's very good and is one of my carb indulgences when I'm in that kinda mood. It always hits the spot for me. The breadsticks are good as well, I like to order a side of Alfredo to dip them in. All the salads I've tried are good and so is the minestrone soup. Like I mentioned before, really big portions so be prepared for leftovers if you want to do an appetizer and dinner.They also have a small bites menu at the bar, but I usually overlook that cuz if I'm here I'm loading up on a big plate of pasta as if I'll be running a marathon the next day.
5	Food was good, but my rating is for Joe, one of their managers he was a server but we liked the guy so much we find ourselves saying "lets go see Joe". He remembers us every time we come in and is always pleasant. Your lucky to have him.
3	Bar staff was rude, the wait staff was great. Well priced and good. .. definitely not great. However, the value puts it in my top 10 for a quick eat.
5	Very good food, a lot for the money . Worth trying . Ask about their two for twenty
