5	They have gotten a lot better here ! 5 years age i went there and waited about 2 1/2 hours to turn in ccw paperwork , get fingerprinted , then wait for my picture to be taken . every one was uptight and worked like they hated there jobs and me . today i went there at 10:29 am did all the same things was treated like a real person , they talked to me !! every one there was in a great mood !! all the people there waiting for help were happy , no one was complaining (lots of that last time) and i got out in 45 Min's. WOW that was great !!!!!!
5	I don't really know of any other time that I have been excited to go to the police station at 8 AM. I just had to turn in my CCW paperwork and get fingerprinted and it was just that. I was in fingerprinted and out in no time flat. The trick may just be going early.
5	Came here to submit my CCW paperwork and get fingerprinted.  At first, I thought my experience was going to be on par with waiting in line at the DMV (the horror, the horror), but I was gladly mistaken.I just got a number and sat for a bunch of time.  Although, at first I thought that I was getting skipped, but it turns out that they rotate their sets of numbers three times.  The lady at the counter was very nice and friendly, processed my paperwork, had me fill out a section that I forgot about (but didn't give me any attitude about it), collected my cashiers check, then sent me on my way to get fingerprinted and photo taken in another area.  That wait was all of about 5 minutes for both fingerprinting AND getting my picture taken.All in all, I went on a Friday afternoon, a few hours before closing, and ended up giving up about 45 minutes out of my day.  Honestly, I'd hate to see them when they're really busy.  Thanks guys and gals.  Keep up the good work.
5	I had to get my CCW fingerprinting done for a new job. I came here at 9am and all the directional arrows led me straight to the fingerprinting office. I walked in and it reminded me of a smaller set up of the DMV. The receptionist was very helpful. She gave me a number and I waited my turn. I already had the paperwork that my job gave me filled out. The time it took to pay for my Sheriff's card, take my pictures, take my fingerprints, and wait for the card was all but 25 minutes. The only drawback is that they only accept cash. Granted they have an ATM located within the facilities but I had to pay that "service charge." But other than that it was a very speedy and pleasant process. I am officially cataloged and i'm sure i'm in an FBI database so I'll make sure not to commit any major crimes any time soon.
4	I had to go and re new my sheriff's card and I only waited approx 20 minutes for my # to be called and then the rest of the process was pretty quick. I wasn't exactly watching the time, but I think I was only there about 30 minutes.  However I definitely think $40 is ridiculous for the card especially since I've had the card since the mid 90's and never once been audited where I work and been asked to see it.
4	I had to come here to get my sheriffs card. I haven't been here for about five years. I remember it being as busy as the DMV. I came here today (Thursday) at 2pm and there is no line. Maybe later in the day is the best time to go, or maybe I got lucky.
1	I don't expect customer service from the police but there are 15+ customers in the waiting room that have no one to even answer their questions. No signs, nothing.  Finally the supervisor shows up to tell us how delicious her lunch was, and she was the only one at work today. After wasting 15 more minutes talking and 10 people leaving due to lack of help we finally got a small amount of service. This is my first negative review towards any place on Yelp but I feel it's deserved. Be forewarned: take your lunch and a good book because you'll be waiting
