4	Dirty car?  Have 5 minutes?  Don't make the mistake of buying a roll of quarters hoping to save time and 5 bucks at a self-serve joint.  You'll spend 7 and your shoes will get wet.  Full Circle charges 5 (specials for 3) dollars for an exterior wash and it's the best ever.   Why would anyone ever wash their own car?  Before you enter the circuit a human gives your car a pre-scrub with a soapy brush, after the auto wash/rinse and high-pressure blow dry cycle another human is waiting to do the manual dry.   While they are working on your car dig for quarters in the abyss (area between the console and your seat) then you can stop by the self-serve car wash for a vacuum if you need it.  I don't know about you but the rest of interior work you get with a full interior/exterior car wash for 15 bucks usually sucks.  You can do better yourself in less than 5 minutes with the KFC wet nap you just found under the passenger seat.
2	I didn't know there were any car washes not using filtered water left in Phoenix, but apparently Full Circle's one of them. While even coin-op washes boast "spot-free filtered water!", I had to break out the quick detailer spray and a microfiber as soon as I got home from Full Circle--water spots galore!This was after the attendant had done my towel dry, mind you, and wiped down most of the water but left my mirrors soapy. And picked the remnants of the receipt out of my windshield cowl, because the other attendant helpfully left it tucked under the wiper blade when he sent me through.Sure, for 4 bucks I didn't have to get sweaty in the humid summer air (well, at least not until I came home and had to clean up their mess)... but  I don't think it's unreasonable to think "Exterior Wash" shouldn't be synonymous with "Careless Wash."
3	I just needed an exterior wash so after reading Nancy's review, I decided to try this place.  One thing about this place is trying to find the entrance to the car wash...it's a little confusing since it is on the right side of the gas station shop.  But after you find it, all you have to do is pull your car to the very left lane where you pay $5 and move on forward to the car wash lane.  A problem = they don't use clean water....and the pre-wash is like 15 to 30sec of just random wipe...and then you go through the automated wash with your car in neutral.  I personally like not having to get out of the car while the car is going through the process.  After the automated wash, there will be another attendant to hand wipe your car and that's it.  Now, the wipe pretty much sucks...you will have streaks and sometimes, I still have dirt at the bottom of the car...    *Price = good but I now know that there are plenty of places that do the exterior wash for $5 or less*Service = ok....*The place in general = clean*Wash = average
2	This place is nearby so I use it on occasion. The quick wash at $5 is definitely convenient but as far as a full-service car wash I'd go elsewhere. As others have stated, the water spotting is horrible. And service is not so good. Today I opted for a full wash (sometimes I forget why I don't go here :( and although I was the second car in line, the first which was pulling away from the vacuums, I waited 30 minutes to get my car! And then the dreaded spots when I got home.
4	They could be a little faster, but prices are average, but if you go enough times they start going over and beyond. Don't want to say how, might ruin it for myself and everybody. Good car wash. And car service staff pretty knowledgeable.
3	Nothing great.  I have come here a few times, and they seem to be in such a hurry to get you out that they do miss some things.  Because they are going so quick I have had water spots, and on occasion they put too much tire goop on causing it to get thrown off onto your paint.  If you do a quick walk around and have them fix spots they missed, and wipe the access tire goo off you'll be good to go.
4	I been to cobblestone auto spa for 2 years and I realized this is a much better car wash in terms of pressuring car salesmen. The place is more relaxed and less people get their car wash done here. They claim they even do a better job here than cobble stone since their work volume is lower.We got an oil change and a full service car wash for 22$ which was a good deal. The oil change they use is a shell synthetic blend oil and the mechanic does not try to trick you. He takes samples of the oil that needs to be replaced and shows us what color the oil should look like. You can also see the workers working on your car via window while your waiting.Although beware like cobblestone though, they try to get you to replace the windshield and restore your headlamps, even though there is nothing wrong with them.But overall, I definitely recommend this place, it's cheap and great for people who live nearby. Your car gets cleaned, inside, and outside at a very speedy rate, clean wheels and interior. No major water spots, as most of them were wiped down. Customer service is EXCELLENT!
1	Full Circle is the WORST Car wash I have ever been too! A few months ago I went to the Full Circle by Superstition Mall, they were VERY high pressured to get the MOST expensive $100 PLUS wash, when I said NO and went with the $24.99 wash they did a HORRIBLE job. I got home and realized the back was not vacumed, there were still fingerprints on the windows MANY water spots, to mention a few.  I called and complained, they said to bring it back and they would redo it, I refused to go to that one and brought it to the one on Stapley and Baseline.  They did a great job there making up for the HORRIBLE service at the other location.  So today, I decided to go back to the Stapely location since they did a good job fixing the mistake of the other location. Once again, very HIGH pressured to get the $150, yes $150 wash! Again I declined and got the $24.99 wash. They too did a HORRIBLE job! Windows still are dirty, water spots like crazy, crumbs still on back seat and under floor mats! Just disgraceful! If they cannot do a simple car wash well, why would anyone want to get the better car wash? I won't even call back this time. I wrote to corporate and am demanding a FULL refund! There is no way I will ever go to any Full Circle  again! They are all the same bad customer service, pushy, and all horrible car wash! i have proceeded to tell everyone I know, Kids schools, dance schools and the neighboring businesses to Full Circle.  This place will better serve the community by being Shut down.
1	This place was a complete rip off.   I came in with a groupon for a synthetic oil blend oil change and a wash. The Groupon was listed as being for a  Synthetic Blend Oil Change and Wash worth $42.00.  The fine print read "up to 5 quarts, Certain automobile restrictions apply."   Upon arriving the merchant upsold me to a better carwash which was supposed to be $12.00 beyond the Groupon price.  I was ok with paying for this.   At the end of the service I was handed a bill for  $97.16.  The merchant performed the service without mentioning that the oil filter was not included in the Groupon offer and that this would be extra. The charge for the oil filter was an outrageous $30.00.  I called around to various auto part providers in my area and a Chevrolet dealership and the average cost of the oil filter for my vehicle retails between  $8.99 and $12.00.  The Groupon covered $42.00 of the service.  I was still being asked to pay   $56.16 out of pocket for service rendered.   $30.00 for an oil filter and $24.00 for the upgraded car was which the first attendant told me would be $12.00.   The extra $1.16 was due to tax.  It wasn't until I complained about the cost of the carwash which I was told would be $12.00 that manager agreed to provide an additional credit which lowered my out of pocket expenses to $32.16.   So essentially my out of pocket expenses on this groupon was $59.00 before tax. ($30.00 for the oil filter, $17.00 for the Groupon, and $12.00 for the upgraded carwash)  Essentially I paid the full cost of the $42.00 Groupon package that was being offered plus the upgrade of $12.00 upgraded carwash.   This groupon did not save me anything because the vendor made up for the discount they were offering by upcharging on the cost of the oil filter.   This merchant needs to be encouraged to be more truthful in the advertising practice.  They need to make sure their ad says "plus the cost of the filter and then disclose the cost to the customer before hand."   Had I been told that the oil filter wasn't included and the cost for that would be $30.00 I wouldn't have allowed the services to be performed and i wouldn't have used the groupon.  To make things worse they also tried to convince me to file a fraudulent claim against my insurance company to replace my windshield. My windshield had absolutely no damage whatsoever on it.  This company has no sense of conducting business ethically or with integrity.
1	Went on a Groupon today for the first time. I was "greeted" by two guys who told me that my windshield was in such horrible condition that it might break going through the carwash and I had to replace it, my insurance would pay for it. My windshield is in great shape...just trying to commit insurance fraud. It was a hard, hard sell. When I said no for about the 6th time, they said, "Fine guess you'd rather replace it than get it fixed for free."  It took 5 seconds to get a windshield salesman but 5 minutes for somebody to finally come up to help me get my car washed and oil changed. Talk about a bad first impression!Next, I had to wait for over an hour to get a simple oil change and car wash. The waiting room was sparse but did have a nice aquarium. Finally, even though I had a $22 groupon that should have covered the cost, they charged me $5 extra for random things like $1 fee for SUV (it is a Hyundai Tucson), other service fees and taxes. I didn't have as bad of an experience as Luis T, but mine was bad enough that I will never be back.
1	I was so mad after I got my car back, I almost demanded my money back. I bought the big package, whatever its called, and I could have done it better in my driveway. Part of the package was vaccuming and I had some dog hair in my car. Dog hair was STILL there when I got my car back. They didnt put any air freshener in my car even though it came with, and the guy didnt even say thank you when I gave him a tip, just ran off. (I wouldnt have tipped had I inspected my car first but they rushed me out of there). NEVER going back. Ill stick to do it yourself places.
1	This place never does a good job. I have taken it there time and time again thinking I just got a bad crew that day but every time I leave disappointed. I had them do an interior detail which cost me $100.00 and they didn't even wipe down the insides of the doors after it ran through their car washing machine. They were all wet and still had dirt on them. This last time  I had gotten home before I noticed that they didn't vacuum/clean out the cup holder area in my center console. So, it would seem that it doesn't matter whether you pay $100.00 or $13.00 the job is still crappy!
5	I've been going to this car wash for several years. ALWAYS great service. Visited today. Minimal wait. Car was amazingly cleaned - vacuuming was thorough, exterior clean, interior cleaned...even cup holders. Just learned I missed a recent Groupon and am disappointed....but will still go here for my next car wash!
4	Don't let the intial greeter kid intimadate you into expensive services, minivan comes out clean and vacumed.
1	I sincerely pity anyone who comes here looking for a good experience. during my time here I was consistently harassed by employees, and after a half an hour of desperately asking for a price list and instead being run over in conversation by an army of scumbags and autoglass salesmen, I was finally given two options: either I pay $200 for package A or I pay $60 for package B. I couldn't have even left if I tried, because an employee had already forced his way into my car to begin services. on the edge of losing my cool, I finally settled for option b, as I was pressed for time and only had under an hour to get my car washed. after being assured that my "all inclusive package" would be completed in under 40 minutes, I sat down to wait. an hour and twenty minutes later I went to claim my car and was surprised to have an employee hand me the keys and immediately disappear before I could ask a single question. upon further inspection I found that little to none of what I was promised had actually been attempted. I was then rushed from the premises. I legitimately hope that my greatest enemy is never made to endure the treatment I received at this establishment. the only redeemable aspect of my experience was the personable cashier. my day has successfully been ruined thanks to the full circle auto wash, and i am convinced that anyone who has anything positive to say on here is affiliated with the company.
1	Just take your cash and burn it... this place does not wash your car... just rubs the mud into the paint. We paid for the $16 wash and afterward was unable to tell if they washed it or not. They must have used dirty towels to dry the car since the black showed all of these dirty streaks everywhere which also appeared to have scratched the clear. They also didn't tell us when the car was done so we were sitting there for 20-30 minutes before going out and having to find our car that was parked across from the wash and not even next to it. For $16 you can at least use clean towels to dry the darn thing and make it looked like it was washed.Not brush-less, not friendly and definatly didn't do even a mediocre wash at best.
1	I was not happy with the way the front desk clerk and the manager at Full Circle Auto Wash in Chandler, Arizona handled my transaction with them.  Although my Groupon expired 2 days ago, I was aware that I could still redeem services with them in the amount I originally paid, $45 (not the promotional value).  The front desk clerk insisted several times that they wouldn't accept it and a few minutes later, the manager likewise insisted on the same thing.  I pointed out the fine print to him which stated very clearly the Groupon policy, but still they gave me a very hard time about it and said I should just redeem my money back from Groupon!  Here is the Groupon policy:"Rules:These are the restrictions that apply to every Groupon voucher (unless the Fine Print specifies an exception)Value of the Groupon VoucherThis voucher has two separate values: (a) the amount paid; and (b) the promotional value. The amount paid will never expire and may be applied toward any goods or services offered by the merchant if the promotion is no longer available. The promotional value is the additional value beyond the amount paid, and it will expire on the expiration date above (unless prohibited by law)."I think they should not offer their deals through Groupon if they are not agreeable to the terms and then turn around and give us customers such a hard time.  After much discussion the manager eventually agreed. No apologies from his end, and instead he blamed "Groupon's unclear use of words." Not.  To top it all the front desk clerk makes the comment "whatever."I will not even complain about  the fact that I waited for 2 hours and 40 minutes to get the full interior service done, when it should actually have taken an hour and 30 mins. I can let that pass. It's the unprofessional way the manager and the clerk handled the situation that customers like me will remember.  The workers  who actually cleaned my car were pleasant and apologetic for my lengthy wait.  That merits the workers the star.
5	Very happy with the VIP wash! I will definately be back & will recommend to family & friends. Thumbs up to the new manager!!
5	Great place to get ur car washed. Great friendly people. Best of all a clean car!
5	I have been going to this car wash for several years; primarily because it was within a half mile of my home.  However, I have been disappointed with the serve and wash my cars have received until this past Saturday, July 20th.  There were two young gentlemen working on my car for several minutes making sure all the nucks and crannies were cleaned, spots removed inside and out.  The best wash I have gotten from this location ever.  One young man apparently stated he was the new customer service person.  Just wanted you to know you picked the right guy.  Ben
1	This is undoubtably the worst car wash place I have ever been to. I bought the groupon now which is only available on weekdays so I couldn't use it. The girl at the cash register was unhelpful and every thing is over priced. Not to mention the nickle and dime u for everything here and the service is incredibly slow. I will never go back
5	Today was the second time I got my car cleaned by Full Circle. Clarence is a guy there who cleans the inside, make sure you request him. He is the best there and from now on I will only go to him. He took a while to clean my car but it was well worth it. Other crew members were telling him that he is too thorough. Are you kidding me? I'm glad he is thorough. Because of Clarence (don't know if I'm spelling his name correctly) I will keep coming back. The guy is a leader over there. I didn't feel just like another car with him.
5	I've had my truck washed at many car washes and I can say full circle in chandler did an amazing job! For once I didn't have to complain about spots being missed. I will return where my truck is truly taken care of correctly! I recommend full circle in chandler to anyone! Thanks guys, see you soon!! :)
3	I've used these guys in the past and they are generally good.  But when things go bad....  Took 30 minutes for them to "finish" my car yesterday and I still had to clean the glass myself today.They just lost track of it.  Then when one of the guys started working on it, he walked away with it half done and started working a different car.  I had to get a supervisors attention to get them back on it.Will probably go back because of its proximity to my office but I will be talking to the management about why I won't be back if it happens again.
1	They did a horrible job. Not recommended.
1	Full circle applies to the way they do the lowest quality work for the highest possible amount  and get you to accept it. Just read the reviews here then check the BBB "review's" section, only and all NEGATIVE! Paid for a full interior and wax and had to literally redo it myself. STAY FAR AWAY!!!
1	Do NOT go to this place!  Bought wiper blades from here and was told they'd install em, attendant brings out the "correct" blades after giving him the make/model of the car. He comes back to me  after attempting to install the wipers and tells me it turns out they dont carry the type for my car. Then changes his story and says the blades are right, but just don't have the equipment to install them. Tried to get a refund, he goes out back to check with the manager. Comes back out and says they don't have a refund policy. I asked to speak to the manager, he says he's the manager. First- What? So he went in the back to talk to himself, and ask himself for a refund? Right. Second- Why would I keep the blades if YOU can't install them? I can buy it from a store that can actually do the service!So I just disputed the charges with my credit card company and got full refund. BOOM.P.S. Thanks for the free wiper blades!
1	I had to wait about a two minutes in my car to get service while the salesman was busy texting. Salesman then became very rude when I declined a wax and tried to overcharge me. Floors were still dirty after vacuumed and dash was not completely clean. Would not return.
2	We tried this carwash for the second time yesterday hoping for a little better results.  Once we saw our car come through the carwash, it was evident that there were too many cars and not enough employees to handle them all.  We ordered "The Works" which includes vacuuming and wiping the interior.  The exterior looked great, but as we drove away, we realized that the entire dashboard area hadn't been touched.  The guy was obviously too rushed to realize he completely missed that part.  Third time won't be a charm because we probably won't be back.
1	Stay away very poor service at a very high price.  If you get your oil changed and don't take them up on their up service they don't like it. We thru my glove box without asking and didn't put thing back Really!!!  Still missing my cabin filter because I said no thank you
5	I'm rating the "Express Exterior Wash" experience.This is my go to place when I just need the outside of the car washed.It usually takes anywhere from 10 - 15 minutes depending on how many people are ahead of you.They change out the brushes in the automatic part of the wash on what seems to be a regular schedule (I've been getting the exterior wash for a few years now and notice these kinds of things).It usually runs $5 and the bonus is they hand dry the car for you after you exit the wash.I end up spending $7 or $8 as I usually tip the person drying the car.Anyways, it's a great, quick, basic wash.  I can't speak to their complete cleaning experiences, but am happy with the service I do use!Will I go back? Absolutely!
1	Terrible customer service!! My car sat for 40 minutes before the technician even started my oil change. If you are too busy to handle the volume of cars coming in, it is time to hire more technicians. If you choose to not hire more technicians, you have to give the customers a estimated time the car will be finished. I will never come back here again. My time  is too valuable to waste when I know I can get the same services done at Cobblestone in 1/2 the time.
1	Rude sales people.  Sales guy said I needed a wax and leather cleaner for the seats.  I told him my son has a friend I use for this service.  He said "you don't know how many times I have heard that one".  Seriously, don't talk down to the customers, they won't be back.  I know I won't come back.
2	Today was the last straw. I'm never coming here for a car wash again.First of all, half the staff act a whole lot like they have better things to do than work at a car wash. Most of them are standing around, chit chatting and not doing anything to help customers. Today I decided to drive up to the pumps near the car wash center instead of the ones at the actual gas station. I thought I would save time and would have to make less stops. WRONG. I drove up to a pump turn off my car and was about to fill up my tank, and then the man standing over this podium looks at me like he doesn't understand what I'm doing there. He tells me "this one is broken, go over there." Wow. Talk about manners. So why exactly is he standing there again? And why isn't the pump marked 'out of order'? I back out and pull up to a different pump. This next man was nicer, except he was so clueless. There wasn't a place to insert my card so I asked him if I can even pay right here, he says he doesn't know. But he doesn't think I can, and he doesn't know why. What? Lol.. But after he fills my tank he tells me to go all the way around and pay for both inside. Then come back to get my car washed. Which ultimately defeats the entire purpose of convenience. So I drive around to the front and after getting out of my car, I find that he didn't even put the cap back on and close it. Smh. Then when I'm inside paying I find out that what he should have told me is to leave my car there and walk in to pay, while a staff member DRIVES my car through the wash for me. So I complain to the cashier about how inconvenient this all is. She probably went out and told the guys outside because the second time coming around I pull up and I guess the manager? Comes out to tell me he's so sorry for the confusion and he "upgrades" my car wash. I thought that was cool but I'm still annoyed at how much of my time is being wasted. I don't understand what was so upgrading about my car wash though lol because my car was still dirty. Or was that because the man drying my car did a half ass job considering he spent such little time on it. Overall it was the worst but I'll throw in a pity star since I did get an apology from 1/5 people who made this a bad experience.
5	Love this place I pulled up to lane with my 2013 Nissan Darin the service advisor was helping me within five minutes he advised me of the paint sealant service that I should purchase to extend the life and protection of paint and outside appearance of my newer car I am still paying on this car so it is very important to me to take car of it and maintain properly was reluctant at first but with further investigation I found that Darin was educating me not just pushing a sale. so I felt very confident to let Full Circle provide me with this service the wash was excellent the staff was professional. GREAT JOB FULL CIRCLE!!!!!!!!!!! I am a life long customer now... will recommend service to every body I know!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I've been coming to Full Circle car wash on Chandler Blvd for over 4 years, and I have yet to come away disappointed in their service and quality of work. Their work and customer service is simply THE BEST and OUTSTANDING. Every time I come in for a wash, they know exactly what I want and how I want my car to look. NO reminders or having to overlook them. Keith and Pat run a first-class car wash and I wouldn't take my car anywhere else. I come twice-a-week and they deliver every time. BEST CAR WASH IN TOWN, HANDS DOWN!-Cody K
5	This place has changed! The detailers that are there now are amazing!
1	I get my car washed here a lot never a problem! Today I left with water spots on my car and they told it was because I parked next to a sprinkler and it was the hard water that produced the stains. Might I remind you that I get my cars (plural) washed here a lot! Wtf are these ppl telling me!? They said in order to remove them I have to get it buffed and detailed! Guess what? If the water spots come from my sprinklers, then every time I bring my car in for a wash, there will be water spots from the same damn sprinklers... because that is where I park and the same damn sprinkler will always be present! BUT I never left with that lame reason AND with water spots THAT IS ONLY REMOVABLE BY A $120 detailed! You ever wonder why your reviews are in the 3 stars?
1	What a rip off!  I pulled in on a beautiful Saturday morning only to be greeted by Mr. High pressure sales.  I told him I just wanted an oil change and an upgrade to the next level of car wash.  He kept coming at me to get a hand wax for $40 dollars and then came back with $20 and then came back with $10.  I asked how much total so I would know bottom line what I was paying.  He said $53 dollars with tax.  I said fine.  Well the oil change was a disaster.  They called the wrong guy up for my car and he ok'd them to replace my air filter (another $15).  Then when I got the bill it was $78.99 without the hand wax they promised me.  The total bill was going to be 88.99 for a car wash and oil change and new air filter.  I asked to see the manager who waved the hand wax (which they didn't do anyway).  I said the bill was still too high and I noticed that for the oil change they didn't charge me 39.99 as advertised on their signage but instead charged me $55 because it was considered a high mileage vehicle (Mr. High pressure sales never told me that when taking note of my mileage).  There is no extra risk to them, they don't do anything special or different when changing the oil, it's just another way to rip people off! So when all was said and done my $53.00 oil change and car wash ended up costing me $80.  What a rip off!  At the end they did a fair job washing my vehicle and didn't even spray in any air freshener.  Avoid this place at all cost as it is nothing but a scam!
1	I have been highly disappointed with this car wash! I really wanted them to be good because they're so close to my work and it's so convenient. I've taken my car here a few times for washes, and oil changes, I always end up paying waaay more than originally quoted. Fine, I'm a female and they upsell my oil changes- I might need all the extra crap they try to get out of me, but a 39 dollar oil change was 180 when I paid. Ugh! but the last time I came in was for a detail. I called ahead to inquire about the price of having my interior shampooed- I specified both the floor and upholstery. She quoted me 79 over the phone. I usually go to a car wash in North Scottsdale for my shampoos but like I said, this place is close to my job, real close, and they usually charge me 49. So I bit the extra price for convenience but after arrival I was convinced that my car wouldn't be clean unless I purchased the full detail which was on special. He offered me a  deal on this so I agreed. The deal price was 169, which would have been fine if the car was clean when I picked it up 3 hours later but it was not. There was still dog hair in the upholstery, my windows were smudged and streaky, and my wet car mats were moldy from being in the trunk, I was told when I picked it up to leave the mats in the trunk for a day because they were dry but the floor was not. I had to bring my car back twice to remedy this. Not impressed.
1	Recently moving to Chandler, I tried FCAW for an oil change, leather conditioning and car wash. The person who took "my order" could barely speak English. Not a problem until the free upgrade he gave me on the car wash was non-existent. Still not a problem. The problem was they neglected to tell me they had 3 people working on cars today and there would be a longer than average wait. After one hour and 35 minutes, and my car still sitting in queue to be finished, I had had enough. When I asked about it, they told me, "Sorry. We are short handed today Three people called in sick."That's when I decided to finish my car myself. I wiped it down, washed the windows, polished the dash and trim. I got my $50 back for the leather they did not condition. Then I notice oil leaking so I took it back to the oil bay. They were sorry too; they had forgotten to wipe the residual oil off the car. They said I could bring the car back if it didn't stop leaking. I will never go back there. I do not recommend it. A two hour wait to get a wash and an oil change is ridiculous. Ruined the flow of my Sunday for sure and had to change plans around. The manager wanted to give me a discount for my next visit, but I told him there wouldn't be a next time. The guys in the oil change told me they always understaff on Sundays because they are slow. No one called in sick today. So, if you dare to try them, do not go on Sunday.
5	Always a great wash.  12.99 is the basic carwash.  Buy the gift book and get 3 washes for $25.
