4	This is the place you've passed by a hundred times. (i have) It never looks busy, and you figure it sucks.  Last night a buddy of mine and I were looking for a place to watch MNF. I was pleasantly surprised. good service, cold beer, good wings.....period. Check it out!
5	This is the place to be! Great bartenders,gaming,food and over all atmosphere. Stop in for friendly faces,smiles and people. I visit at least 2 to 3 times a week!
4	From the outside Blue Hawk does not look like much. Upon entrance, my friend and I was impressed with how nice it was. It is no Strip style bar, but it is no dive either. We came here for dinner and just missed the happy hour. It goes from 3-6pm. We ended up sitting at a booth off to the side. The regular menu is not expensive anyways. My western burger was $7.99. It hit the spot. The meat was cooked to a nice medium rare and the veggies were fresh. I asked if the onion rings were worth upgrading to and was told that the fries were better. I am happy that our waitress was so honest. A couple onion rings came on the burger and they were decent. They were on the scrawny side, but had a crunch to them. The kitchen moves slow. It took a while for our food to come out. Good thing there are ample amounts of TVs around to watch your favorite teams play. The music is ran by a jukebox so it tends to be rather diverse. Blue Hawk is a neighborhood bar by all means and is rather laid back.
4	Dear Dr Laura, I've been frequenting this bar on the outsides of the city for quite sometime now, I love this bar, the food and the service are always great, even though the place is always slow being away from the city but that is one of the reasons I enjoy it since the chances of running into someone I know are close to none. There couldn't be anything more romantic than to meet the person you love away from everything, enjoying a few cocktails and some good tasting bar food.  I've always had some of the great times at this tavern and I'm glad I met my soul mate here ( many of them if I may add). Now.... I'm not a selfish person and I do hope a lot of people find out about this great tavern and enjoy it as much as I do. My problem is...how do I keep my "wife" away?
3	Stopped in here for a drink w friends... The bartender was super friendly and if you get a players card you get 20$ free play!! Awesome! The food was good, hot pizza n wings... This place is Nothing extravagant but they do have great service n hot fresh food.
5	This bar was way cool and I will definitely be coming back to this place.  My friend lives down the street from Blue Hawk Tavern and he goes here a lot and talked me into playing video Keno at the bar.  Well not only did I have a fun time drinking here but I won some money too.Thanks for making my evening enjoyable and you will definitely see me again.
5	Stopped in just for the bathroom before heading up to California. The lady let me use the restroom and she was very nice and willing to let me use the restroom. She also gave me a cup of water without asking. The lady was very nice and helpful. Ill return.
4	The dolemades are house made and served hot. They're very tasty! The feta fries with lemon are a large portion for $5. Enough for 3 people, IMHO.
5	The Blue Hawk is our go-to local tavern. Friendly service, good food, nice atmosphere, not smokey, great TVs, generally good music, they have a player's club card of sorts with the occasional opportunity to win some cash with a randomized drawing.  Overall the familiarity with the Blue Hawk and the quality of the experience keep us coming back.
4	I came here late night for a bite and some drinks. I was very impressed by the little joint especially the food. I had some appetizers and a beer it was awesome! Will definitely come back to try other items on the menu.
1	One of the worst places I have been to since I have moved here. Our bartender paid attension to the TV than to her customers. The atmosphere was like being at a old folks home. Will never go back there.
5	This is the best tavern around.  The people are friendly, and they have the best food on this side of town.  The dolmades are out of this world.  They are made by mom.  All All the food is great.  Venetta makes the best martinis and drinks ever.  The bar and restaurant are always clean, and nicely decorated for the Holidays. We go there often and have never had anything but a great experience at the Blue Hawk!!T and C Laws
