2	I really wasn't thrilled with our meal here. The service was fine, although a bit slow for a not-so-busy Wednesday night. We started with the breaded zucchini, which was about 90% breading, 10% zucchini. The breading was much too heavy and you could barely taste the vegetable.I had the parmesan crusted chicken with pasta, which seemed to be coated in the same breading they used on the zucchini, still too heavy and altogether flavorless. The chicken was cooked perfectly though, it just needed some spices and salt and pepper for goodness sake. The pasta was cooked well and the sauce was fine though. My husband was not thrilled with his pasta primavera, which was, strangely enough, very spicy (though the server did warn us about this beforehand, to her credit) and again, not much flavor and many of the veggies not cooked thoroughly.
3	Better than Soho down the street. Fairly original menu. Reasonably priced.
1	STAY AWAY...We've been 3 times over the past few years, each time we say "let's try it again" followed by "wish we'd done something else".Reminds me of the movie line "Run away, run very far away"Last nite after Steelers/Jets was last straw. I hope the owner or general manager reads this. And think the health department should too.Service is mediocre and slow. consistently. Waitress was ok in attitude.After our soup starter (good french onion soup) we waited and waited and waited and waited for our mains. Noticing us staring at her, waitress stopped by, went into kitchen, came back and said we were next. my watch said 8:31. Then her manager came by and argued with me and said we were next, then at 8:52pm the horrible food finally arrived. That's 21 minutes to be next. In that time we watched 4 tables turn from being seated to drinks to mains to check down while we waited for our main. Manager embarrassed himself. Said they were busy and working our food and he had checked and would come soon. I told him about the 4 tables turning and he said no they didn't. then I said I used to manage restaurants and know what customer service and ticket times are and he challenged me and said no I didn;t and I had no idea what I was talking about. What an idiot! First rule of restaurant business is the customer is always right.Then the food arrived. How hard is it to do chicken marsala with mushrooms, seriously? It was two soggy fried chicken tenders from the deep fryer (not pan sauteed) over a bowl of bowtie pasta with shrooms and a sauce. While the sauce did have some marsala in it, it was full of sour cream and tasted like stroganoff and a little funny. The Penne ala vodka was sauteed canned tomatoes and no flavor. We were so hungry we ate most and left.1 hour later I was sick on the side of the road from the dinner and still feel really rough this morning.
3	I have been to Atria locations around the city - but this was my first time at the Atria's location at PNC Park on the North Shore of Pittsburgh. My young professional group had an event there last night, so it was a good chance to check it out. Our event was held upstairs, and since we had a small group, they wouldn't guarantee the private room downstairs. It worked for the most part, but those of us that sat in the back had trouble hearing the speakers, and the lights were dim. The noise from the diners downstairs plus the house music carried through and at times it was very loud and hard to hear. I would say that it's a good place for a group dinner, but not for a speaking event. I can't comment on food/drink as I didn't have any. The atmosphere is nice BUT I wasn't too impressed with the layout of the whole place. Didn't see to have a good flow to it. Also, the bathrooms upstairs where our event was were out of order, so everyone had to go downstairs to use the restrooms.
4	Solid if not fantastic Italian food. But the best part is it's right beside PNC Park. It's fun to sit outside and listen to a game going on while you munch. The seafood was much better than I'd have thought for such a touristy spot. Sometimes you just hit a place at the right time in the right mood, and everything works out great--you get exactly the kind of food you were hoping for, in a relaxing atmosphere and you just feel happy. This was the case when my wife and I had dinner here with my son on the first day of one of our trips to Pittsburgh. Oh, and they have a good beer selection.
2	The food is good and the portions are large.  The service is terrible.  The servers are just "too cool," to show any sort of hospitality.  No personality or spark.  I don't know if they hate working there or hate serving people.  It's puzzling.  Why be in the service business if you have a bad attitude?  I have been here a couple of times and it doesn't change.  They just look at you blankly, like they don't understand what you are saying.  I've never had a staring contest with a hostess before.  It's bizarre.  I wonder if they are all on Xanax...
3	I love coming to PNC Park in the Summer. If i get here early enough i stop by atria's and have a scotch, Johnny Walker, rocks, no water, what did that scotch ever do to you? When i was eating meat I'd get the lobster bisque or a huge plate of pot roast nachos. The meat that covered those nachos were perfectly cooked with a nice char outside, moist and succulent inside. Lots of cheese and other nacho fixens. Good Stuff!The burgers here are just as glorious, nice crisp outside, moist and tender inside, good bun, great bacon if i ordered it. Atria's is a great restaurant in PNC Park, but when i go to PNC Park, I want ballpark food. So I head to Atria's when the Bucs are out of town.
2	I feel bad about giving this place such a meh review but every time I go that's exactly how I feel when I leave. Atria's is one of those places that I've never had any type of memorable service experience or food experience for that matter.I can't say the food is bad, but it's not really great either. I will say the service is always so. It's almost as if they don't realize you have other places to go; you can just sit at their restaurant all day. On the upside the busboy's and girls are hounding your table filling your water glass after taking a sip. So if you're a horse you won't go thirsty.Honestly though. you are better off eating the park. I mean who doesn't love Manny's BBQ?
1	My husband and I are Cubs fans and flew into Pittsburgh to see Friday and Saturday's Cubs-Pirates game this past weekend (7/7 & 8).  We got to PNC Park around 5 p.m. and since the gates weren't open we decided to sit and have some drinks before the game.  We stopped first at Atria's.  Although there was only one other table occupied outside, we were told if we weren't going to order food (just drink) we would have to give up our table if people, who were eating food needed it.  This was RIDICULOUS  to us so we left!  We were paying guests just like their other guests!!  Anyway we went a few businesses down and drank at Dominic's.  We went to Dominic's both nights and probably spent close to $100 AND did up getting FOOD.  Atria's better rethink how they treat guests....
1	Ugh, I hate this place.  People from work drag me here to lunch more often than I would like.  The food is overpriced.  The service is snotty and slow.  I can barely get free in under an hour-and-a-half.  The food is forgettable and the menu sparse.  They're terrible for pick-up too - even when you call way ahead, you're made to wait, and they're surly about taking care of you when you arrive for your food.  You can do better for lunch on the northshore pretty much anywhere.  Try SoHo or Finnegan's instead.
2	The food is acceptable. They have a pretty wide range, but narrow the menu on Pirates game days. I tried the seared ahi tuna. It was good, but nothing memorable. The location appears to be the best thing about the place. Sitting outside on a warm evening, looking at the city skyline and seeing people walk around before a Pirates game is an interested dinner experience. But don't go for the menu.
4	Well, everything is just grand in Pittsburgh when the October weather is so beautiful!! But we had a great 'lil Saturday lunch here at Atria's after walking our new puppy around the North Shore. They have plenty of outdoor tables (in the shade) and we grabbed a corner one with our pup. They were totally cool about it, and offered water, etc. The bf was starving per usual, so he started with the crab bisque, which he said was "awesome". He also had their spicy pasta entree, while I opted for a fresh house chopped salad and a glass of pinot grigio. The salad was super fresh, and they didn't skimp on any of the "good veggies". Only gripe is, I asked for no crumbled bleu cheese, and it came out with it. I didn't feel like complaining, so just picked it off. The salad definitely would have been more enjoyable for me without it (I don't eat cheese) but it was a nice size salad for the cost. It was also an Oktoberfest special, so bf got the Dunkel brew to drink. Our waitress was really nice and all in all, it was a good experience. I would definitely come back!
2	I wasn't expecting 4 star service. We walked in and had to wait 5 minutes before one of the servers noticed us since the hostess wasn't at her post. He took us to the banquet room and seated us at the last table in the front. The tables had plastic table cloths that have seen better days ours had holes in it and still had some caked on super stain sauce in one area. Then we waited 20 minutes before our waitress came to greet us. She took our drink order and our dinner order. (pretty simple since it was a prix fix menu with only choices for soup or salad and a choice of ham or turkey and either Apple or Pumpkin Pie). She brought the drinks right away. Then 10 minutes for the salad/soup -- very tasty, but no rolls were delivered to go with and no sign of the waitress. One of the employees goes out the emergency exit door located directly behind me (BLAST OF COLD AIR) Only after finishing the first course did she bring the rolls/butter and didn't clear the dirty plates. Another 15 minutes passed before the waitress stopped by the table and cleared the dirty dishes. (THE HOSTESS COMES IN FROM OUTSIDE THROUGH THE DOOR WITH A BLAST OF COLD AIR) A minute later she came by and said our main course would be along in a minute and she proceeded to go out the door directly behind me. (MORE COLD AIR) The main course was delivered by a food runner. The turkey was tasty and just a little on the dry side and needed more gravy, but there was no sign of our waitress to even ask for more gravy. Eating as slowly as possible so as to have the opportunity to get gravy for the turkey there simply was no attention paid to us. (ANOTHER EMPLOYEE GOES THROUGH THE DOOR, MORE COLD AIR) Finally the waitress comes over and asks how was it, I explain that the cold air is too much to handle. THE EMPLOYEE WHO WENT OUT CAME BACK IN AND WE ALL GET BLASTED BY COLD AIR. She replies it is what it is and shrugs and walks away. She must have said something to the manager, because he comes over to ask how our meal was. I reply that it was just OK, that the food was good for the most part (he gave a shocked reply because I didn't say it was great) but that I was disturbed with the number of times the employees kept using the door to go outside to smoke. He seemed shocked to learn that that door was being used at all and said he'd put a stop to it. We said that we usually tip 100% on holiday meals like this since the workers have to give up a day with their family but that since the staff didn't seem to care as much about us, so we would not be doing 100% tip this time. I explained that we don't expect any kind of comp, but that he needed to know that his employees were making the dining room uncomfortable by using the emergency exit for their smoke breaks and social encounters. He said he was sorry for our experience and left the table. Our waitress eventually stopped by and we requested our pie packed to go. She delivered the pie and the bill at the same time. -- it isn't over yet. . . .  While in the process of signing the bill the hostess comes over to request the chairs at our table. I explain to her that we are leaving. She was very impatient and said she only needed a minute to take the chairs and I scolded her saying that we are leaving right away and to give us 30 seconds to sign the check and she can have all the chairs at our table she scuffed off to take chairs from an empty table and blocked our attempt to exit while she was struggling to move the chair she grabbed. We chose to exit through the main dining room and bar as should be the practice for all patrons and employees. Like I said to the manager, we consider ourselves to be fairly regular patrons of Atria's PNC Park, and Atria's Fox Chapel -- but this was the worst service I've ever for an Atria's Restaurant. I don't want anything for publishing this review other than people to be highly aware of the lack of common sense by the staff on this particular day. I'll eat at Atria's again but it will be with some trepidation and with high caution that they'll probably screw something up so I have to be on high alert to get what I pay for. Posting this on Facebook and to yelp and tripadvisor might help get the owner's attention. The place could be great if they just had proper training, rules and regulations for their staff and a dose of common sense.
2	As your standard restaurant, Atria's has no personality: the food is blah, the service is eh, and nothing is really all that memorable.  The patio and it's proximity to the ball parks are its saving grace.  Now, let's talk about when we reserved a room for a bridal shower...  We had a fixed menu for a group of about 50 ladies.  I understand that.  But when the bride asks for no tomatoes, you as a server do not say, "No substitutions!" in your meanest voice.  Lighten up, it's her day.  I ended up just taking the tomatoes off for her--and just chalked it up to another maid of honor duty.  The server also kept clearing the bride's drinks while she mingled.  This was annoying, but at least we had paid a flat fee for drinks, so it wasn't the hugest deal.Overall, the server for the bride's table was just awful and kept treating us like little children.  Yes, the table was the bridal party and the bride's cousins.  Yes, we are all under 30.  But we are also young professionals and the ones who booked the event.  The servers who waited on the rest of the tables containing the mothers, aunts, great aunts, and grandmothers were polite...even when my near-senile grandmother started yelling about bandits.  Later, another server apologized on behalf of our bad server and mumbled that, "he just must be on his period."While Atria's is fine for a glass of wine before a Pirate's game if a table is open outside, I certainly would never book it again for a private function.
4	I think the low marks for this place are unwarranted. Quality of food at this location is every bit as good as the other Atria's around town. Pot roast nachos are out of this world!
3	Having lived near this Atria's location in the past, I can say that I've spent more than my fair share of time at the PNC Park Atria's. My wife and I stopped in this past week, and for me, I was reminded of why I enjoy Atria's...but this having been our first time at Atria's together, and witnessing my wife's experience, I realized why the place could garner such low reviews.For someone like myself, who's actually had enough positive and negative food experiences at Atria's to know exactly what to order and what to steer clear of, I can make the experience a positive one, but that's a situation I'm afforded now thanks to my previous patience and convenience. My wife, opting to stray from my suggestions had an awful dinner. Her plate of bland fish and asparagus left her turned off completely. Luckily, we were using a gift card, so it wasn't as frustrating for her as it could've been. Regardless, walking away from an entire plate of food is disheartening.That led me to realize this: If you're only at Atria's once, you're odds aren't that great of having a good experience. That's just the reality of the situation. There are a handful of really good things on the menu that I LOVE. The parmesan crusted chicken is really good, although it can sometimes be a little too oily. The pot roast is excellent, but it's way too heavy for most of the year...ESPECIALLY during baseball season when they're busier. Their chili is really on-point...especially paired with their bread, and the salmon salad is excellent. Although, I don't like the salmon, so I swap the salmon for chicken for a great salad option. The carrot cake is insanely good, but truth be told, it's not homemade. I could care less, though, as it's still some of the best carrot cake I've ever eaten. Period. Other notable items are the pot roast nachos, crab cakes, red skin smashed potatoes, and the reuben.That's really where the positives end, though. I've learned to steer clear of the burgers because of the inconsistency with which they're prepared. I've received more undercooked burgers at Atria's than any other restaurant, and it's just not worth the gamble anymore. My filets have always been perfectly-prepared, but the one time I got a strip it was practically burned on one side and undercooked on the other. Failing to cook burgers and steaks correctly isn't that surprising, but deciding to serve them to customers despite their incorrect preparation IS surprising...and poor.I know that the last time I had salmon on my salad, the fish tasted "off" and I paid the price for it later. I've never given a single fish meal a chance there since (we're talking years now). Hence, my request for chicken on my salads now. Most of the meals that I've had are average, and I've practically tried the entirety of the menu over the years, so believe me when I say it.Why do I continue to go? Well, because the few items that I do love, are crave-worthy, and having become a regular (less so, nowadays), the service that I received at the bar was always excellent. Daniel and Roy have always provided  great service to me, and good service goes the distance, as far I'm concerned, so it's been worth stopping in from time-to-time. Unfortunately, if I can't sit at the bar, I don't always stick around, as the service at the tables is really hit-or-miss. For every good server they have, they have two more that could care less about their jobs...especially during peak times.Regardless, this is my favorite Atria's location, because it's the least "stuffy" and pretentious location of them all, but there's still a lot of room to improve...and I hope it does.
3	Atria's is a pretty good restaurant if you're at or near PNC Park - as expected from anything located in a ballpark it's not the best restaurant ever but it's consistently decent.  On different visits I have tried the Margherita Flatbread and Cheese Dip which were both fine (although the fried pita chips were really salty) as well as the Diablo pasta which was okay and the Pork Filet Gorgonzola which was quite good.  In an ideal world I would walk over the bridge and eat at a more unique restaurant downtown but when I have to choose from something nearby Atria's is one of the better choices.  A number of my colleagues prefer this as their go-to restaurant and while I'm not quite as enamored as them I definitely consider this an A-OK restaurant and I'll be back.
4	Now this is the Atria's I remember.I have been coming to this location since PNC Park opened. In the beginning everything was great. Great food and outstanding service. Then everything went down hill. The most popular items were taken off the menu. The portions were cut down and the quality of the food when down with it. Service was horrible as well. We stopped going for years because by that time Pittsburgh was in a restaurant boom. The Cheesecake Factory, McCormick & Schmick's and a lot of other similar restaurants had opened.I recently started going back to Atria's when a co worker decided to treat me to lunch since it's near my office. The great food and service is back! The burgers are excellent! I highly recommend the crab cakes, they are second best behind Monterey Bay. I love the Sherry Crab Bisque and the Pot Roast Nachos appetizer are a must try! I just went for a Christmas work lunch and everything was perfect. We had ten people and everyone loved their food. Everyone got something different, burgers, steaks seafood, salads and sandwiches. The service was excellent. All of our glasses were refilled constantly before they ever got even half way empty.The Atria's I know and love is back!
5	BEST CRAB BISQUE IN U.S!!!!!!!!!!!Kept going back daily while in P town getting giant cup of it...wow...its unbelievable.
2	Located right next to PNC Park, so is a decent place to get a beer and some grub prior to game day. That and outdoor seating are main perks. Otherwise, food and prices are not worth a stop. This place will fill up on game day, but should be avoided when the Pirates aren't in town. It isn't a BAD experience. If you are siting outside and you have a view of Pittsburgh, it can't be that bad.
3	I was neither particularly pleased nor dissatisfied with my lunch experience here... It was just "meh." It's kinda pricey for what you get, but the service is prompt and friendly and the music is fun and modern.They serve a mean crab bisque. It was deliciously creamy, quite generous with the crab meat and very filling without that nasty sick after-feeling. The coconut shrimp (with a nice crunchy, coconut-y breading) was also very tasty, and the portion was satisfyingly large for an app! The house salad was just a typical salad of iceberg and romaine lettuce drenched in shredded cheddar cheese and sprinkled with a few other veggies. Nothing special.  Just a random quirk I noticed:  for being a rather classy restaurant, I was surprised that they didn't add a slice of lemon to my glass of water (though I'm sure you could ask for it).  Would I recommend the place? Probably not but it was certainly not a bad experience! Just one that didn't stand out for the money you'll spend.
2	I have a dream. A dream that some day the North Shore will have a ton of amazing food options. I hope one day it will become a reality. For now, I think there's a smattering of okay-ish places and a lot of mediocrity. Maybe it's just the built in crowd. You come to a game, you gotta eat, right? And what are you going to eat? Either at a restaurant outside the stadium or inside. At this point I'd stick with inside for the novelty of it all. I stopped into Atria's on game day, but came in right as the first pitch was going out, so it wasn't packed in the least. Our server was obviously not into us, as well as serving that day, as she was pretty short with us the entire time. Sorry we bothered you...The menu is incredibly limited with around 5 apps, 5 sandwiches and 5 main courses. I get that they're probably just limiting things for the crowded times, but I felt like nothing really called to me. I settled on going halfies and ordering an app and waiting until I was inside the stadium to get my "main course." Crab fries, naturally. But that's beside the point.The pieorgies we ordered were okay. They were doused in Parmesan cheese and a little overcooked, but it wasn't the worst thing I've ever had. Wasn't the best either. I think what really turned me off was the whole experience. Service, small selection and mediocre food. I should have just ordered two buckets of crab fries and called it a night!
5	I came here with a party of 40 very hungry Pitt students. The food was amazing. We had roasted beef, chicken, and pasta. The management was lovely and really involved during any party issues. The staff was also very kind and able to keep everyone's glass full, despite our camel like drinking habits. Thank you!
4	We came across Atria's looking for another restaurant but I was not disappointed! The Crab Bisque soup was creamy and delicious. I ordered chicken parmesan and it was fantastic as well. Ask for the cream vodka sauce! Portion was huge but it made a fine lunch the next day. Would definitely return to Atria's.
2	Came in late night during Light the Night, just for for drinks and a snack. Service was fast, but the salad and cup of soup were disappointing. The chopped salad had weird cheap ingredients like celery and carrot. I was excited about the crab bisque, but they must have been running low and it must have been half sherry because it tasted like I was taking a shot of cheap white wine with every bite. Hope the dinner fare is better.
5	We came here with a friend before a show at Stage AE, and had a great dinner. Their steak is terrific as are their bbq pork quesadillas. Desserts are all amazing too (i recommend the peanut butter mousse). We've been to 3 Atria's so far, and they've all been good, but this was the best. Cool decor and great service too.
3	There are not many options for good dining on the North Shore and by process of elimination this is where we ended up during a Pirates game.  We were seated pretty quickly and they have options for indoor and outdoor dining. It was opening day and quite crowded but our server did a nice job. I started off with a Corona. My big disappointment was they had a special game day menu and it was very limited with not many options.  I went with the cobb salad and it was very good-fresh veggies and a nice portion size.  I do think that the prices are a little high.
5	This is my favorite place to grab a drink and/or a snack before a ball game. Great staff and a large bar make this place perfect to meet friends. And the beer is way cheaper than beer in the park.
1	ok, i don't want to judge all atria's by this one. in fact, i wouldn't even judge this atria's solely by this one experience. but let me tell you, i was highly disappointed.i will point out the good parts of the night first. we arrived to see a band play. the entertainment was great, didn't cost extra (although there was a $20 minimum per person), and i liked the set up in the room where they played. also, the soup i got (crab bisque) was delicious!ok, now, for the rest of the experience. first of all, our service was AWFUL. i don't know our server's name, and i know some of the wait wasn't his fault, as there was a large party upstairs. but it took at least ten minutes to even order our drinks, another 15 before we even got them. ten more minutes before we could order our food, and after the meal, we must have waited at least 15 if not 20 minutes for our check before one of the members in our party finally had to go up to our waiter and complain. i saw him checking on other tables, and it didn't seem like he had many tables to keep him so busy. as a server, myself, i always give my servers the benefit of the doubt, but it really got to be too much. the one thing i will say for him though, was that he was very nice. but for how much we waited, we should have had something comped or at least got some sort of apology BEFORE we had to complain.the rest of the food and drinks were okay. good, but not enough to make up for the service. i had the berry mojito to drink and the greek salad to eat.i'd try another atria's before i'd go back to this one. but now i'm weary of the restaurant all together.
4	I came here just before a Pirates game so it was extremely busy. As a result I sat at the bar. I ordered the Pacific Salmon salad and it was absolutely delicious. The service was very friendly and attentive. The price seemed reasonable. My only issues were that there were some left over plates of food nearby that were waiting to be taken away that sort of detracted from the experience. Also, my plate did not seem 100% clean although it really wasn't a big issue. Given how busy they were I do understand and still give high marks for the tasty food and excellent service.
1	I came here on the Fourth of July after getting off of work. My friend and I stopped for one drink before the fireworks. Let's just say I will never return. I stood there for a good 15 minutes with maybe 5 people tops at the bar. The bartenders never once acknowledged me yet they did manage to make eye contact. They then all walked out from behind the bar and went outside. It took another ten minutes until finally the manager came over and served me. I am a bartender and I am appalled to see such people being employed at what seems like a decent place. I am a phenomenal tipper being that I am in the industry and sadly I didn't leave a single dollar. Hopefully they can learn from their mistakes instead of probably losing more potential customers.  What a shame.
3	Average experience. The entrees that we chose (chicken marsala and chicken piccata) were fine but under seasoned. The cheese plate was the best part of the meal: four cheeses selected and served by Carole "dear heart" from Penn Mac. Exceptional choices, good crusty bread and she's lovely and a Pittsburgh institution. Service was spotty. I was there representing my company. We produced the music that evening. I'm not sure if the server assumed that we wouldn't be ordering food or what, but after we ordered the cheese course and wine, he came back only to attempt to take away our menus not to take our order. I had to ask to order entrees. It was just odd. I've heard similar things from others that have been there on our music nights.
1	After eating lunch several days a week at Atrias PNC Park restaurant for many years, I have finally decided that the price has just lost any relation to portions/quality and will not be dining there anytime in the near future.Gradually, over the past year, the prices have continued to increase to the point of being dinner menu prices for lunch size meals.  Recently, the portion size has significantly diminished, to the point of being almost comical today.The fish "special" today was BBQ salmon with asparagus.  It consisted of about 3oz of salmon and four spears of asparagus.  It actually looked ridiculous on the plate.  The specials used to have 5-6 oz of fish, included a decent portion of vegetables, and rice, all for a dollar or two less.  While a bit more than I wanted to spend for lunch, at least the quality and size of portion made some sense.  Today, I spent $15 plus tax and tip and left feeling like I had eaten an appetizer and still hungry.They have pushed it too far, I am no longer willing to waste my money at Atria's.  Too bad, we used to really enjoy lunch there.
3	I decided to check out downtown Pittsburgh on my trip for a family visit recently. We took a walk around the area and this location caught our eye. It had outdoor seating and was right outside of PNC Park. We decided on the Pot Roast nachos as an appetizer. It was pretty good. Nice chunks of Pot Roast and various cheeses. I than decided on the Atria combo which had andouille sausage, Perogies, Chicken and Sauerkraut. I figured that this would be something different. The sausage was great and so were the perogies. I did not care for the chicken too much. It was dark meat with bread crumbs. I prefer white meat so that was probably the reason. I also tasted my friends steak  hoagie. I am from the area so I have had better. It was a little dry and not enough cheese and onions. The outdoors ambiance was great! Pittsburgh has a great downtown. Nothing like Detroit. It was alive, various things to do and was a beautiful city. Overall the restaurant was a good experience. The waiter was great and funny also. We also talked to some people sitting beside us. it made for a good time. However, I would opt for another place when I visit again.
1	I was meeting up with 3 other people there. But I was a few minutes late.  Because I wasn't there at the time,  they refused to seat the others.  Not even to just get drinks or an appetizer ordered.  So they left to go to some place that would serve them (Dominic's)  This place clearly couldn't be bothered to have our business,  which seems like an odd way to run an organization.  One star because we didn't get anything that we wanted.
5	Visited for the MCG Holiday Jazz event and this place exceeded my expectations on all levels -- food, service, ambience, and entertainment.Food:  We ordered a small cheese platter.  The chef actually came out and explained the cheeses on our plate.  Nice touch, though I have to admit to not necessarily knowing which cheese went with which explanation.  Nonetheless, all were quite tasty and better than I would have imagined a simple cheese platter would be.  I ordered fish tacos which were quite tasty and my husband ordered the pork tenderloin, the Novemberfest special, which was also tasty from the bite I acquired from him, as were the squash bites I "stole".  Service:  Greeted immediately upon arrival and ushered to our table right away, despite being very early for our reservations.  Offered drinks as soon as we arrived at our table and our server was always there when needed but not pushy when we weren't in need.Ambience:  We sat in the small dining area next to the bar and near the stage.  Cozy, quaint, warm feel to it.  Nice venue to hear the jazz band while still being able to carry on a quiet conversation.Entertainment:  I've been trying to like jazz for awhile now and not all that successfully.  Last night was a winner for jazz band quality and for the vocalist's quality.  Very nice, indeed.
5	This is me n mumz' second time here for Thanksgiving and they always make us feel like we've come home to family for the holidays.Wonderful service and nice atmosphere for a holiday meal. Speaking of which, the food is like homemade too. The smells and football on the TV's makes u feel at home. Free Parking out front; not too shabby!
1	When you walk into a buzzing restaurant, you'd expect to be greeted by someone, be that a server, a greeter or the bartender. I went in last night, stood around for almost 10 minutes, and was completely ignored. I was meeting a few friends, so I decided to walk across the street and grab a beer and make a reservation (using open table) for 45 minutes later.  Reservation confirmed, and beer finished, I walk back over, walk in to the place and someone's at the computer in the entryway on the phone. He finishes, we make eye contact, he nods and walks away. My friends come in, we wait 10 minutes for someone who works there to talk to us. I tell her we have reservations, she acts like it can't happen, and that it's my mistake, she says that the place is closed for a private party. I ask why there isn't a sign on the door saying 'closed for private party', and I get a ridiculous answer that the "CEO doesn't like us to do that". How dumb is that: you leave your system open to make reservations and you don't alert people that might be going to a show on the north shore that the place is closed. The fake sincerity is what really got me. You know what a 'private party' sign does? It advertises that you are available for private parties, and would have given me an hour to figure out other arrangements.
1	I was here on a business dinner and it firmly seated itself as the absolute WORST place I've ever eaten at. -hair in the food-crab cakes were touted as amazing, in reality disgusting ice cream scoops of poor crab and mayonnaise -"risotto" uncooked and congealed to plate. -vegetables gummy and soaked in oil. Not properly prepped and served with woody stems. I was shocked this place turns a profit
