4	This is their new location on E Wash.  I had the chicken burrito with corn salsa and guacamole.  I could really taste the cilantro they mixed in with the rice, mmm, so good.  The music is horrible, and its a little on the loud side in there, but the burritos make you forget this.
3	I ordered the Steak Fajita Burrito. Tasty and cheap but Qdoba seems just a tad bit more fresh.
5	i agree with Steven T.'s review, in that there aren't many differences in locations of Chipotles. but i do enjoy this location much better than the location on State St here in Madison, but it is what it is. State St is full of ruckus college kids (it seems like it doesn't matter what time of the day or year it is), and this one is just much cleaner and more friendly.as always, the food is always fresh, and i enjoy the ethical food-supply thing they have going on.so, you like it or you don't. i'm not going to try to convince you that chipotle is better than Qdoba (but it is), nor am i going to get all drooly about how much better tasting it is than Panchero's (but it is), either way, i'll eat at a Chipotle any day, and i'll enjoy the hell out of it, thank you very much.
5	I love Chipotle. A quick, healthy and delicious choice. I love the carnitas and the guac.  Yummy!
3	You're standard Chipotle experience in the lovely town of Madison, WI. The staff was very friendly and the salsas tasted just a little bit better than normal. Also the prices were just a little bit cheaper than bigger cities.
2	The portions at this location are very less compared to anyother locations that i have been to. The taste is same as other chipothles that i visited but they hardly fill half of the bowl. Sadly the only location near our office and it is my favourite food.Hope the management realizes this and increase the portions.
4	Recently i visited Chipothle again and looks like thy have read my previous review and increased the portions. I like it now
5	It's hard to find fresh good veggie friendly food. Simply put YUMMY!
5	Let me just tell you: after years of enduring AWFUL Chipotle locations in Columbus, Ohio I was in HEAVEN at this location! It was so clean, the staff was extremely friendly, the ingredients were fresh, my steak wasn't a salty mess. The burrito was rolled beautifully and my bowl was perfectly proportioned. The black beans weren't runny. And the guacamole had just run out and been replaced with a fresh batch and it was almost as good as my own, homemade guac. (Almost.)Although I do have to make a drive to get to this location, I will ABSOLUTELY be returning! Re: review by Chris, my steak was on the rare side but I LOVE it that way!! Different strokes.
4	Its a Chipotle.  Ya get what you expect.  The kids love it.  Wifey can eat healthy there.  I don't really consider Chipotle to be very good as a mexican cuisine, but for what they serve, its darn tasty.  love their chips, and their guac.  and their pork is excellent, too.Not saying this specific location was, but be sure to watch when they are dishing the protein; sometimes they ca be skimpy on the meat, especially if the line is long.
5	I've gotta go with Lydia J on this one! Chipotle has long served as my quick and easy (and mildly good for you) destination mid-day and I've been to some terrible ones. I mean rough. BUT, this location has it going on. It was packed PACKED when I was there, and the staff seamlessly worked through the line, it was unreal to watch. I think I was there for 3 minutes before I was back in my car. The store itself is super clean, meats and salsa looked great (not always the case at the location on State) and everyone working had a friendly smile. I think my favorite part of the experience was when one guy said, "alright guys, we rocked it... 15 more minutes till things slow, keep up the great work." Heart him. And the fact that for fast food this location has found a way to make the experience personal.
5	It's a typical Chipotle. The staff here always get it right. They have tons of energy and are fast without messing your order up. Not much else to say, except that this location is more convenient than the one downtown and just as good.
3	The food is great but how come you don't fill my bowl.  In fact, at my most recent visit, I asked for them to fill my bowl.  The response wasn't a polite and curteous one, it was an informative and rude to me as a customer.  They did proceed to fill my bowl but the proportions were way off.  The guy behind the counter said that I received the correct amount but my buddy got a different amount than me, so which is right?When it comes down to this place, I love the food but I need a full bowl.  I ordered a burrito bowl, not a burrito half bowl.
3	It was ok. The girl taking my order wasn't super friendly. Didn't smile much. The quesadilla was undercooked and not very good. The chips were way over salted. The tacos were yummy but the guacamole had way too many spicy peppers in it that burned your mouth when bit into. It was just ok.
4	Lazy whole-foods, plant-based dieters unite! The guac was always clutch (yes, I know it's extra) and then the pinto beans became "animal friendly" more recently. Truly a dream come true now that they feature sofritas - organic shredded tofu braised with chipotle chilis, poblano peppers, and 'aromatic spices' - in other words: bippity boppity boo! - because the finished product is magical and will make you wish they delivered in a pumpkin horse drawn carriage (note the aforementioned laziness - a girl can dream, right?). And on to the staff...the welcoming, personable, efficient, talented, and helpful people they pay to get shit done - and done well. Really well. Stupendously well if you ask me. (You did ask me, didn't you?) They know what they're doing and I like to tell them that. You should consider telling them that, too, if you just so happen to agree. It's a kind, unexpected, painless thing to do that just might make their day a little brighter and as kid president would say, "We should all be a little nicer to each other because it's hard being a person sometimes." BOOM.
3	I recently moved to the east side from previously being on the West. Chipotle is always a good, reliable source when I need something quickly to tame my blood sugar. This location has been disappointing. In the several times that I have been here, they never seem to have their supplies together. No guacamole made, ran out of rice or chicken, which makes the line long and the food less satisfying. Great food, but service is just inconsistent.
5	Food is great. Clean place, and friendly help. Speaking of help, there is a woman who works at this place who is DEVASTATINGLY cute. I haven't caught her name, and if you are reading this, you really should be doing modeling work. She has a pierced nose on the right, and lip piercing on the left. Today she dyed her hair half red.  She also has a bunch of tattoos. Wow is she hot.
4	Love their tacos. Service is fast and friendly. Place is clean..bathrooms clean. Need to be better at keeping the guacamole made so people don't have to wait.
2	Dear Chipotle,Normally I love you but you hurt me this time.  You had no chicken made. Not a big deal, but you said just a couple of minutes. No problem. It was more like ten minutes and it was not that busy. I wanted to wait for my entire order but you made half and then had it wait. So it was not cold but not as warm as my freshly made chicken.Also annoying? I bought chips and guac and my chip bag had half the amount of chips. I know the big cost is the avocados, but $3.25 and you were chincy on the chips?  Don't let me down like this.
