3	I needed to take a driver's ed class because of a speeding ticket.  The court gave me a big list of online schools to choose from and this one seemed as good as any.  I think I liked their website better than the others or something which is why I picked them.  Their price is also in line with what all the others charge.PROS:* the end of chapter tests are way easy.  3 or 4 questions about chapter.  they basically put the answers right in front of your face.  if you get a question wrong you are an idiot.* the "final exam" is just as simple.  you aren't allowed to look back at what you were supposed to read, but the questions are the exact same as the end of chapter questions.* their website was totally easy to use and understand what was going on.  I had no issues whatsoeverCONS:* you have to keep on top of them.  They ask you to fax or email in your ticket and other information and they will call you within 24 hours to activate your account so you can begin the class.  Well 48 hours went by and still no call so I went ahead and called them.  Some kid answers the phone and said they just got my info and they were just about to call me.   Total BS but it is a good thing I called because I would still be waiting.* of course their website says you can take the final exam online but what they DON'T tell you is that it costs and extra $10 to have Experian verify your identity.  There was no way I was going to some random place to take the test so I forked up the $10.  Everything went smoothly with the whole validation process and it only took 3 minutes.PRO TIP:  sign up and take your course well ahead of time.  ArizonaDriver.com will nickel and dime you to rush your certificate or whatever.  I'm guessing they use issues at the beginning as a stall tactic so you may have to pay extra to rush things.  Just sayin...
1	I received an AZ ticket and I looked on line to find a company to do my course with.  They treated me well while I signed up and gave them my cc information.  But now that all cards are on the table, this place is a total scam.  they will lie to you and pretend to assist you, while they don't do anything.  They say they are filing your paperwork, and don't.  They say they are "checking with the court" and then never call you back with an answer.  If you have a complaint about how they do business, all you get is a "supervisor" that will explain how many things you didn't do/didn't follow up on/didn't call about.  They have lied and cost me the service fee of a summons due to their negligence.  I HIGHLY recommend you choose another option.
4	Very basic class to have a speeding ticket removed. 4.5 hours went by ssssssllllowwwlllllllllyyyyy! You'd have to be a cyclops to read this slow!Anyhow, there is no video and the animation is lame. All of the end of each chapter are questions which made up the 2 finals: (1) 25 question version on content and another (20 Question test on environmentals--- like what logo did you see on the page. It's all multiple choice and it's hard not to get 100%. Would suggest doing this all at once as it obviates the need to recall or re-study the materials. These guys did not ding me for extra fees of third party identification. I'm guessing these are gone.The school did not notify me that my delay from the Tempe Court and ticket were received, so it does require at least one phone call. One last note: Arizona has some weird laws and interesting trivia like "dust storms travel SE to NW". I'm not sure this is actually true, but the McCain-ites believe it, and it was in the trafffic school, and on the net....so, it must be true! :-)
3	I got busted by photo radar and got served.  No getting out of this one.  My girlfriend told me she used arizonadriver.com before, and it was simple.  I decided one is probably as good as the other, so I went with this company.  I have no real basis of comparison (except a classroom course I took a decade ago) but I have to say the online "course" and "tests" are simple, but getting started was annoying.I faxed a copy of my driver's license and citation to the company on Thursday night.  Having a nearly completely free Friday afternoon, I decided not to wait (up to 24 hours) for an email or call from them.  When I called around 12:30pm I was told my driver's license was too dark, and they did not get the citation.  I guess it was too hard for them to call or email me about that when they received the fax.  Not having a scanner or fax at home, and wanting to get everything taken care of fast, I ran to a copy shop, overpaid to scan my stuff, then emailed it to them.  A couple hours later (and after a second phone call), I finally got the email saying I qualified.After that, everything was easy.  It's actually so mind-numbingly simple that if you can't get at least three of the four questions right without reading the material, please stop driving immediately.  However, to prevent you from speeding through, there is a timer that keeps you from moving to the next chapter until the minimum time has elapsed.  So make sure you have some way to entertain yourself during a very long four and a half hour process (I took care of it all in one sitting).  The final is a rehash of the questions they already told you they'd be asking, so it's pretty hard not to get 100%.  The final can now be taken online for free, and you can print a copy of the certificate for yourself.I'd go out on a limb and guess other companies are about the same as arizonadriver.com.  Beats going to a class.
