4	Allow me to be frank: my cats are obese. People send cell phone pictures of them splayed belly-up on my living room rug to their friends for a good chuckle. (Poor things. I'm sure it's genetic.)Central Phoenix Animal Hospital helps me to treat the, er, specific ailments that go along with having fat pets without mocking or scolding me. (I'll spare everyone the details here.)  My fatties are welcomed with love, and given great care at a great price.  I love this place. They really care about animals.The Ladies who Lunch are on a diet, and it's going swimmingly. Thanks for asking.
5	I have never BEEN to Central Phoenix Animal Hospital, but I have called them MANY times for kitty emergency questions, and even though they didn't know my name, or my cats, or get one dime from me, they always were extremely nice and beyond patient.  Now I have a puppy, and his previous owner took him here for his shots.  I've once again had to call them for questions regarding the shots and Puck's health and needs, and again, they've been nice as could be.When it's time for his next checkup (and my cats) there is no way I'll take them anywhere else.  Because who's a precious baby?  Who is?  My wittle sweet babies are!  Yes they are!  Yes they ARE precious babies!
1	I went to this vet for a few years.  They seemed fine when my pet was rather healthy, but as she got older, she seemed to get odd diagnosis.  I continued with their prescription treatments for a week, but my pet didn't get any better, so like any good "mom", I got a second opinion elsewhere.  It was a night and day difference!!  Central Phoenix Animal Hospital had said my pet had a parasite, something that is diagnosed with a easy test...the new vet did the same test and said "NO WAY!!"  My pet ACTUALLY had hyper thyroidism, not a parasite.  (my pet NEVER goes outside, so I thought it was weird that he would get a parasite).  After 7 days on the proper medication, my pet was healthy and back to normal.  This vet also misdiagnosed another issue my pet had...like REALLY MISdiagnosed her (saying she broke a bone...SHE DIDN'T!!!).  I felt sick about it.  I also didn't like the way they handled my pet when she was injured...I know they want to protect themselves, but they were REALLY rough with her (I offered to help, but they just manhandled her instead.)  If you have an adorable little healthy puppy or healthy kitty, they're fine.  They're actually pretty nice usually and I know they probably help out a lot of people who don't have much money (I saw a few instances of people not having a lot of money and they'd work with them), but, if you really need GOOD vet care, I'd go somewhere else.  Oh yeah...the last time I was in there, they were joking around in the lobby and two women came out of one of the examine rooms, obviously upset, crying, etc. It was obvious that they just had to put their animal down.  No one stopped joking and laughing...they just yucked it up while these two women fought back sobbing...it was so sad.  I wanted to give these two strangers a hug and kind word and then slap the employees for being so cold and insensitive.  Inappropriate.
2	I've been bringing my pets here for about 17 years and referring others to go here as well.  Over the past couple of years, things have not been going so well with customer service (the guy behind the counter always acts as if he could care less about you or your pet) or cleanliness of the business.  I've also had trouble with them stocking my pet food that they prescribed.  I hate to see any business go downhill, so I am hoping that things turn around here.  Meanwhile, I will be going somewhere else.  PLEASE take pride in your businesses!!
5	Dr. Alicia Ruiz is the best!She's been more than excellent with my bunny!
5	I started going here because Dr. Ruiz is the wife of one of my husband's coworkers.  What a godsend!  I have 4 dogs and one of them (a Frenchie) has been a horribly unhealthy dog her entire life.  We frequently have to make last minute appointments and drop her off for various reasons and the staff is always accommodating. Dr. Ruiz is great with basic care for my other pets as well.  My dogs love coming here-even my Boston Terrier who finds most people suspect runs up for a pat from the staff here.  The biggest thing for me is that Dr. Ruiz knows her stuff and when we needed to take our Frenchie to a neurologist I felt confident that she was referring me to the right vet.    Central Phoenix Animal Hospital has also been great with the end of life care for our pets.  When our Persian finally had to be put down after her bout with cancer the staff were amazingly compassionate and understanding.  It was a horrible time and they helped us get through the tough decision we had to make.  I highly recommend this practice!
5	Dr Ruiz and staff are endlessly kind and compassionate. Sadly it was time for my dog to graduate to her next life. They treated her like she was their own. I will be eternally grateful. I would highly recommend her for minor and major vet needs
5	Dr. Ruiz and all of the staff make everyone comfortable...one of my dogs is quite large, so many people are afraid of him.  He was mistreated before being adopted into our family.  He is quite timid and nervous around people because of this bad treatment.  He was afraid as soon as we walked in the door today, and everyone went out of their way to help him adjust.He has never had an accident and was so nervous that he peed all over my sneakers and the exam room.  Instead of being upset or annoyed Dr. Ruiz helped to calm him and make him relax.I was amazed that the cost was so low when we checked out.  Two prescriptions, examination and all shots for under $150.  They also helped find out who his chip was with so we could update the information on the chip.This is the place to bring furry family members in Central Phoenix.
5	What a great place! We had never been to this place before because we just moved to the area and they still saw my dog on a moments notice! They called to follow up on our dog as promised and the customer service was amazing. Highly recommend!
5	This is the best vet I have found in the central phoenix area. I brought my 19 year old cat in a few months ago because he was having some serious problems. He was my heart and I was so happy to have found a place that treated him so well. He was in Renal failure and they helped with the fluids for months. Unfortunately, he got very sick suddenly over thanksgiving weekend and I had to take him to an emergency clinic to be put down after hours. I had seen one of the vets the day he started getting sick and when I came back to settle my bill they didn't even charge me for my last vet visit.I feel like this office has a great heart. The sympathy card that was sent to me was signed by multiple people. When you love your pets like I do it feels good to know that the place you are entrusting your animals with cares about them. Thank you for treating Henry so well! I miss him so much but am so grateful that you helped me get some extra months with him.
5	It is the only place we would ever take our cat. Dr. Ruiz and all her staff make sure the  patient is first....they truly love animals in a way you just can't fake! You know your precious loved one is in great hands! My wife and I Highly Recommend!!!
4	Our boy Nash had a horrible swollen eye and infected ear, so we wanted to find a vet close by to be our regular vet since he didn't have one yet. We adopted him about 4 months ago from the Humane Society, golden retriever/border collie mix. I called this morning asking if they could please fit me in this morning, as I was very worried about him. I told them I didn't mind waiting, I just needed to have him seen this morning. They said sure to come on by and they would try and fit me in soon, which most places would not allow. Very happy, I took Nash down there. Office was clean and office members were friendly. I waited about 10 minutes, no more than I feel like I would've waited had I made an appointment. The vet assistant was wonderful and helpful. The vet, Ms. Ruiz was also very friendly and informative. I did not feel pressured or oversold on anything like some vet offices do. They also took time to examine him properly and do sufficient testing to ensure they knew what the problem was and if there was an underlying reason. I was very pleased with the level of professional service as well as the reasonable prices. This will definitely be Nash's regular vet office from now on.
5	I would give Central Phoenix Animal Hospital, Dr. Ruiz, and ALL of the gals in the office 100 stars if I could. I have taken my rescued beagle to Dr. Ruiz since adopting her almost 10 years ago and have since taken our most recent additions to the family (boxers - 4 & 2 years old) for everything from Valley Fever to regular check ups. I know its silly to look forward to going there, but my pups are always excited to see their Central Phoenix Animal Hospital family and we're always taken care of so well. Whether you need a regular vet for routine matters or need to get in quickly because of a problem your pet is experiencing, this is the place. Stay awhile and build a relationship with the team - you'll be thankful that you did.
5	Dr. Ruiz is hands down the best veterinarian in the Valley. Calm, competent and caring, Ruiz has taken care of all of my animals for the past 20 years. I've moved several times but am glad to  travel across the Valley to take my animals to her. Her prices are very reasonable when compared with other vets.
5	Dr Ruiz & her staff have been awesome as I've prepared my cats to move overseas with me. Dr Ruiz went above & beyond to be sure all the paperwork was filled out to strict airline & EU guidelines. And besides that, both of my kitties warmed up to her & staff and were treated very well. They were very kind when one of my cats had an accident in the carrier on the drive in. The office is clean & I love that they have 2 cats who live there!
5	Dr. Ruiz & her staff are amazing! The prices are more than reasonable and they truly care about your pet.
