4	Oh man. Inhaled a dozen oysters in 15 minutes. Would've had seconds if I didn't have dinner plans.Splurge without breaking the bank: $20 for dz oysters, 5-8 pm on weeknights. On weekends...that can easily go up 2x. The waiter actually forgot it was Saturday (I'd asked him if I missed "oyster happy hour" and he said no), so my bill reflected the normal cost - ouch. But he adjusted it to the HH price. Nice!
2	Steak Tartare was very good. Salads were weak. Seafood Platter was very weak. Need to improve.
4	Dined at Pois Penche last night and had a great experience.  The hostess greeted us promptly and offered coat check.  Our server was adorable and friendly - at times service was a bit on the slow side, but this seemed to be more because he didn't want to interrupt our party of six.  I was always able to catch his eye and wave him over when we needed something.For appetizers we had French onion soup (huge serving and excellent), green salad (appropriate size, fresh and tasty), Italian steak tartare (prepared with truffle oil and Parmesan - delicious), the chef's sausage platter (actually more of a cured meat charcuterie - prosciutto, chorizo, mortadella, a Parmesan sausage and a Chardonnay sausage) and the special appetizer of the night - smoked salmon (I did not try this as I am not a fan of smoked salmon, but I was told it was very good).For entrees, two of us had the special - a bouillabase.  This was delicious - basically an excellent lobster bisque topped with shrimp, mussels, clams, scallops and fish.  My husband had the filet mignon and said it was probably the best he had ever had (and we eat a lot of filet).  Other companions had lamb and risotto.  Everyone said their meal was excellent.For dessert, French apple pie (too thick to be tarte tatin), coffee, espresso, cafe au lait and tea.  The server told me that he likes this apple pie better than his mother's, but he won't tell her that.  Usually served with English cream, but he was more than happy to serve it with vanilla ice cream.The server was very knowledgeable about the entire menu and wine list. He was able to recommend a red wine that even the non-red drinkers enjoyed.  He explained that some items were not available (bone marrow appetizer) because they were changing to a new menu next week - I wish we were staying in town longer so we could check it out!All in all, a great time was had by all.  Just don't go if you are in a hurry as dining here is an experience.
4	The seafood platter is delicious, a most get when going to the this restaurant. The rest of my meal was not bad for French cuisine, but I've had better.
2	I heard of this place before and I was hoping it would make the cut. It just did. Food was ok but not *great*, although I'm being severe a tad. My colleagues did enjoy it more than me I think. Location is great, right downtown so it's convenient for business crowds, but I wouldn't bring my wife here. It's a bit gimmicky with the faux French brasserie style, it's clearly aimed at tourists.All in all it does work but there are far better options in that price bracket. What really turned me off is the wine list. Desperately short and on top of that, we had to change wine choice twice because they were out of stock. Not good. Better list the wines on the chalkboard than on the menu if you're going to manage minute inventories.
4	The is definitely a place to stop in when in Montreal.We were wandering around downtown Montreal looking for a place that you jump out at us.  Le Pois Penche instantly appealed to us with its French decor and outside seating.  The sidewalk seating and people watching were definitely fun, and why not eat French food in Montreal.The food was delicious and the service great.  The waitress was friendly and gave a very honest opinion of what she liked there.Nice dressy place.Oui OuiDamien.
3	Caution, a very nice spot but definitely NOT 2 $$ (even Canadian). Dinner with a glass of wine will easily run $50 per person. We sat in a tiny table out on the sidewalk on a summer Sunday evening so it was pretty quiet. As they are in the heart of the business district I imagine it could be a little busy on a weeknight. Our fish was quite good and other than the prices, not much to complain about.
1	Since we live part of the year in a condo close to Pois Penche, we decided to go back and give it another chance. Things have changed a bit; hostesses with tight dresses and high heels now greet you.The music is no longer french music, but loud rap. The food is still overpriced but now they give you smaller portions. My bavette was a small piece of very tough meat I had to struggle to cut. The french fries are still anything but french, but that's not a change; it's been that way since the start. Oh well, this restaurant could be so much more, given its location and setting!
5	I was very pleased with Le Pois Penece' and will consider going back. It is perhaps a little pricey but the food was really stellar. I had the salad with the fried goat cheese as my appetizer and that was quite good. The main course though was a Rib Steak for two in a red wine reduction with chanterelle mushrooms and fois gras.  It would have been better if the steak was shared with my hot date and not my friend Alex. The lamb dish was very tempting and there were fish courses that also tempted me but then I saw the fois gras and the steak and that was my decision. Wine list was very good. There are some less expensive bottles and then there are some very expensive one. This place should not be rushed. Service was very good.
1	GREAT FOOD but be sure to check your bill!I celebrated my bday there and was a disaster. NONE of the 15 people I was with would ever go back there. The waiter was so rude and slow; we had to get the bottles of wine and serve them ourselves. When my friend's bill came he charged extra bottles and had to change it 3 times (and he got upset on top). The day after I realized I ended up paying for 2 extra bottles. I went to see the owner Imad. He was rude and denied it; he let me go with a silly gift certificate. I spoke to other people about it and heard that's what they do! they rip you off (cause most people don't complain). So they rather make money and loose clients. Shame on them.DON'T GO THERE!
5	Top place!
4	Service is very good and friendly.  Ambiance is relaxed cool and warm. I notified the Waiter that  my glass of wine was too warm  He friendly accepted to change it with a cooler glass which I really appreciated. Tartares were very fresh, chunky and tasty. Interesting wine list. Yummy, fresh oysters for 20$ a dz. as appetizer!
3	Excellent location downtown, relaxed ambiance, sidewalk seats are good for people watching (or being watched).  Food is fairly good, but not *wow* great, here is a breakdown:-- beef tarter is fresh and delicately seasoned, a bit too chunky for my preference but a good tarter nonetheless-- salmon tartar's more interesting character is its texture, with addition of wakame and fish roes-- duck leg confit wasn't memorable, the striped bass fillet tasted fine but it was served on a bed of quinoa that sank to the bottom of a large pool of melted butter.  As much as I  enjoy traditional french cuisine and liberal use of butter, this puddle of butter didn't do it for me.  Service was very very slow, even though the place wasn't 100% full. I'd consider this an okay bistro, definitely not the best that Montreal has to offer.
3	Not bad. Seasonable price for brunch. A little bit towards tourist. Not sure I will go there for dinner.
4	Great place... A little over priced but the food and service were great.
3	Very disappointed. Looks kinda like a french restaurant and the menu is better than the food. I know that Montreal is expensive but this doesn't stand up to to price paid. I had the Plate D'hote which was blue marlin described as grilled with a cool center. It was overcooked and pretty tasteless. My wife had a grilled salmon which was just OK. With one glass of wine and no dessert, it was a hundred dollar bill. We didn't stick around for dessert. Service was OK; slow but after all it is a french restaurant. Won't be back.
4	I went here by myself and with my husband a few days later. I had a great time here and the servers were extremely helpful. We enjoyed their Oyster special ( a dozen for $20). They had great food and a great atmosphere. I had a glass of Chardonnay there that I can't find anywhere else, but it was amazing.
3	3.5It is OK but I do not find the food as Parisian enough to deserve the name of Parisian bistrot as written on the menu. Some basic meals from real Parisian bistrot are lacking.Food is good and overall well executed but missing the woah factor, the juiciness and savoury of a fabulous meal.
2	I was only here for a networking event in the lovely room downstairs so I can't speak to the usual dining experience but in terms of a private event with passed canapes, the food was wildly hit or miss. The tartare was delicious, but the quiches were not cooked - literally runny raw egg. Gah I have the heebie jeebies again just thinking about it.But I do want to come back and try the ceasars!
2	TOURIST TRAP! beware.. I only ended up here cause it was pretty late and it was the only place in this area that was open and looked semi decent. Prices are high and the food is just ok.
2	My review in one word? Disappointed.I've heard about this place for years and years.  So many people have told me that I HAVE to try this restaurant out etc etc..So, last week, I finally went in with my fiance, and man was I unimpressed.Let's start with the pros:1. Clean 2. Nice ambiance and decor3. Knowledgable and courteous staffCons:1. It took FOREVER and a day for our food to come...mind you, this was a Monday evening and there weren't many people, so I'm not sure why this was the case.....2. The food was bland. Seeing as to how seafood seemed to be their specialty, I was extremely excited about my salmon tartare, and the house fries which we were told were nothing short of amazing. My tartare literally had no taste...I've made better in my own kitchen. And the fries were not really good.... I thought that maybe my fiances lamb would be good because it looked phenomenal, but again, no taste......3. Semi pricey for no reason...So I was and am very disappointed, and will definitely not be back. I'm still not sure what all the hype is about! Maybe it's their seafood platters that are amazing??Meh....
4	Walked off the street to get out of the cold and ended up here. The server was really cool, he was from France and recommended the wine to go with the salmon I got. We had an amusing discussion on some Montreal related cultures...The food was great! Had their escargot, and no, it doesn't taste like chicken. The salmon was well portioned, in other words, don't expect a large portion for those of you who are from NY/NJ. If they didn't have the bar and TVs, I would think that this would be a great place to bring a date since they don't rush you to leave or anything like that. Yeah, it's pricy but I'd come and visit again.
4	We were really pleased with our dinner! Sat at the bar and were super entertained. Loved our food (lobster, steak tartare, steak). Loved our wine. Loved our grapefruit, gin, cava slushes for dessert. I would return.
4	We had a wonderful experience at this restaurant. The seafood platter & dessert in particular were delicious. I was also impressed by the service; though the food could've been served faster, our waitress was incredibly attentive and friendly, which made the dinner much more enjoyable. The restaurant is definitely on the pricey side, but worth it if you are looking for a nice dinner or celebration!
4	We had a delicious meal here.We went here on a Sunday night. We had made reservations for 7:45 but the place was pretty empty so they were likely not necessary. The restaurant filled up more as the evening went on. We sat outside, which allowed us to enjoy the summer night and people watch while we waited.We ordered the burrata appetizer at the recommendation of the waiter. He said that the duck my husband had ordered would take 20 minutes or so to make, so we should get an appetizer, and that the burrata was amazing. He was right, it was amazing. However, it also took 20 minutes to come, and then our meals were another 20 minutes, so it didn't really speed things up at all.My husband liked his duck quite a lot. I got the halibut with vanilla butter sauce, which was completely delicious. It also came with fresh vegetables on the side, which were quite good.I can't comment on the dessert as we were lured away by the chocolatier across the street.Overall, the experience was a slow one, but we didn't mind since it was kind of a date  night. The food was delicious and the service, though slow, was friendly.
1	Worst meal ever. Everything I ordered was bad and it was really expensive. The Latte I ordered was cold and she ended up microwaving it instead of making me a new one. The Tar Tar was gross. Eek! Methinks not.
2	I hate to do this because I wanted to come here for such a long while, having read some fairly decent reviews. This establishment is a bit too pretentious. The servers and host were fumbling about to seat us (though the place was pretty empty). The water glasses were dirty with debris floating in the water, even after replacement. The service was very slow, and our server told us that parts of the menu were 'unavailable' since the kitchen wasn't 'quite ready' (what does that even mean). So we had to settle on just oysters, which took about thirty minutes to be served. Major turn-off, and a substantial waste of time. Two stars for the oysters, but that's it!
3	Hubby and I came here for restaurant week and this is definitely not the place you go to if you're looking for a quick bite. Ambiance, and attitude of staff definitely promote for diners to relax and go at your own pace. In fact, neighbouring diners were seated shortly after we were, but they were finally ready to order by the time we were done with our 3 courses. Please note that I'm not criticizing the restaurant for this, it is just something to be aware of beforehand.I had the squash soup and risotto and was very happy with both. Not blown away based on the price point though. I would recommend this place for groups looking to gab and eat leisurely, and couples looking for a romantic evening.
4	We stopped here for brunch after a single night in Montreal. The food was excellent. My wife enjoyed the oysters, and I loved my Lobster Benedict. The service was great as well, but the kitchen was a bit slow for a restaurant that was nowhere near full. If we had been in any kind of a hurry, this could have been a problem.
