5	We recently bought a mid-century modern house in Scottsdale. Constructed of concrete masonry blocks, the house had 49 years' worth of paint and desert dirt on it, and Ramon and his brothers did a fantastic job at a very fair price restoring it to its original handsome gray. They were professional in every way, had all of the best equipment, and took great care to protect windows and doors, not over-blast any area, and keep the dust down as much as possible. Ramon's years of experience and pride in his work were evident from our initial consultation to our final "thank you" and "goodbye." We're so glad we chose Baja Sandblasting; they made what is an inherently noisy, messy process worry-free and gratifying. And the bonus is that they're really nice and were fun to have around for three days.
5	Ramon and his team came out and sandblasted a block wall which had paint from ???, when the house was build in 1950.  We called around and he was not the cheapest, but not the most expensive.  However, we are glad we used him.  He was not only professional, but very precise on his skill.  He take pride of his work, which shows and we love our new wall.
5	We needed some sandblasting on some exterior walls.  I called baja sandblasting and in the same day they came out gave me a very fair quote and did the sandblasting right then. They did an amazing job!!! Very very happy w them. I just called them back to schedule them to do some interior walls.
5	Baja Sandblasting came out and did our mid-century home last week. They were able to blast off an unfortunate layer of concrete stucco and expose our beautiful original block walls. I really enjoyed working with Ramon. He takes a lot of pride in what he does and was one of the nicest people I've had the pleasure of working with.  His brother & his crew did the work on my home. They were extremely professional, skilled & just all around wonderful. Amazing experience at an excellent price. These guys know what they're doing and work really hard & really fast. I was shocked as to how clean they got the outside afterwards!  I strongly recommend them.
