4	A Chipotle even closer to me!  We ordered to go and I noticed that you can even order online. There was no one there probably because no one realizes that it's opened yet but it is!We ordered the usual...a chicken burrito and a Barbacoa bowl. They put a bunch of meat in my bowl but not enough rice which is fine. My meat was a bit on the dry side but I'm sure they are still working out the kinks. Overall it's still one of my favorite semi fast food places.
2	I came in on my lunch break and customer service was good. I ordered my food and went down the line but when I got to the cash register I noticed the girl behind the counter clearly had full blown pink eye. I work in childcare and know exactly what it looks like and this was not just a little irritation. Pink eye is HIGHLY contagious and she should have been sent home immediately when her supervisor saw her even if they were under staffed. That was just a complete turn off for me. Honestly I wasn't hungry after that but from the looks of my food I wasn't impressed anyway. Should have gone to Qdoba.
5	She didn't have pink eye. She just had eye surgery. She slept on her contact lence and it tore a layer from her eye. It doesn't hurt to ask before we judge.
5	Prayers have been answered!! Finally a chipotle closer to our home. No more waiting a day in line at the rainbow location !!
4	Chipotle close to my home? Yay!!! I like Chipotle and the fresh ingredients they use. I like that you could build your own burrito or bowl. They have one of the best tortillas & guacamole. Try the sofrita if you want all vegetarian. Service is fast, price is reasonable, place is clean. We are now regulars at this location.  :)
5	Great customer service. I was in and out in a matter of minutes at lunch time. Employees have great attitudes with how they interact with the customers. Keep up the great service!!
3	Chipotle is my favorite restaurant because Chipotle IS LIFE! My rating is not based off the food because Chipotle food is always great and always deserves a 5 star. My rating is specifically based off of the service and speed. Let me say that the workers there were very nice. They were nice, but you could tell they were flustered and nervous. There was like 3 people in line and they seemed overwhelmed (this is compared to others who do fine with lines out the doors). The gentleman in front of me started his order and the lady behind the counter left his food sitting there. When she came back, she threw away what she started (since it was cold) and made him a new one. Total time took about 15 min to order and everything, so it was a lot slower than most chipotle. Food was great like always. Hopefully once they get used to working it will speed up!
2	I gave this 2 stars because that's how much I love chipotle. But when it comes to this new location, the employees here are not even trained to wrap a burrito yet. Minimum 15 min wait when you go inside and they laugh and joke with each other instead of hopping on the food line and giving extra help. Hire more people and train them to do everything before you open a new location. Writing this as I wait in line (been 10 min)
5	Great service :) very attentive and made my hard taco shells fresh . Yummm. I will come back and bring my friends
