2	I'm sure that if it was nice enough to sit outside that this would be a different review but, it was cold so... This restaurant has a great outdoor area and it is in the heart of picturesque downtown Matthews. It is the old converted bank building with the columns and they did a so so job with the renovation, unless it was their intention to keep the building relatively the same inside. My husband and I had the mussels, delicious, and a glass of wine. We didn't eat dinner there and the menu was limited and pricey. I expected Mediterranean food but, there were other items also. Kind of a "hodge podge".
4	I intensely love Gado Gado..I have eaten there about five times now..rour for dinner and one lunch. the Chef is wonderful and exciting..Some of our favorites are the Calamari...Lighty fried  with Kalamata Olives and Capers Drizzled with lemon ailoi! The Gnocchis are Herb sauced with a light wine sauce...melt in your mouth! The Chefs Soups are wonderful, I have tasted the Smoked Tomato Bisque and the Vicchysiue Incredible..I would highly reccomend it and its in the Suburbs!! Nice...
3	The menu is a bit more than your typical fast lunch sit down, but I think  it's worth it every once in a while. I've never been disappointed in their lunch sandwiches. The patio outside is nice to sit in if it's not too hot (or too cold like the other reviewer). The inside is a little dark, but very spacious.
1	What happened..they got a new chef ...why did they let the old chef go..what a difference in the food..everything was off..by the time we got to the entree we knew something was very wrong..It was our 24 anniversary and we did not even order a dessert because we already knew it would be bad....not at all the same...We have raved to everyone about the chef..I need to know where he went ..cus I am not coming back here !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Terrible! is best way to describe the experience at Gado Gado that had me leaving after the appetizer course. After picking through a mixed green salad that was half rotten and slimy greens, I returned the "homemade" salsa that tasted like tomatoe puree out of a can because "it had no pepper in it." The owner of the restaurant came over and insulted me and said that if I wanted hotter salsa I should have stayed at home. I ultimately walked out and found a great restaurant two doors down at SANTE, which I highly recommend.
1	The food is not at all the quality it should be for the prices. The waiters all seem unhappy, will not return.
3	Had lunch at Gado Gado today with a large group of 20. We had our own section in the dining room. The place was nice on the inside and the restaurant was about half full. Service was friendly and efficient, especially for a large group.We ordered 2 appetizers for the table. Rock shrimp and spinach artichoke dip. The Rick shrimp were breaded with a sweet sauce...very good! The spin dip was just ok. For my meal I ordered the veggie flatbread and a cup of their soup of the day, which was mushroom. Soup was lukewarm at best. Too bad, because the flavor was good. The flatbread had large fresh veggies on it with a crispy crust. My only complaint was that it had too much cheddar cheese on it. Wished it was just Italian cheeses.All in all...A-OK!
4	Great patio. Great wine selection. Tasty food. Enjoy downtown Matthews!!
