5	One of my favorite if not my very favorite eatery in Montreal will get some props. Montreal is well known for its delis and its very own classic, the smoked-meat sandwich which is often copied and never ever duplicated. It is singular in taste and confection. Such institutions such as Ben's have disappeared for trifle reasons as union disputes but thankfully the ubiquitous master, Schwartz still stands and is worth the long wait lines but remains a little out of the way for the downtown dwellers. I don't hang on St-Laurent, too pretentious and packed with puerile brats driving daddy's expensive car. I hang downtown on Ste-Catherine where the fun is and when I don't want to waste time deciding where to eat I go to Reuben's.  And let's clarify that I don't mean the one on 888 Ste-Catherine but the one on 1116, the one with the art-deco inspired look.I go there A LOT. Because their food just rocks. It's deli food but a little bit more upscale. There was a time when Reuben's was just a regular Deli with awesome deli food then something happened and it went upscale but kept the taste. They used to have old school filet mignon, you know the one wrapped with bacon and with stir fried canned mushrooms dumped on it. It wasn't very pricy but it was on OK piece of steak. Now they have Filet Mignon at 30$ for 8oz but it is the best steak I've had in Montreal (and the rest of their steak selections are also equally amazing) always served standalone with roasted mushrooms and perfectly spiced, seared and cooked to your liking. An explosion of flavor in each bite. Because of Reuben's I no longer purchase steak for home, there isn't any point because there's no way it can be made this good. It can be served with fries, but I strongly suggest the Yukon Gold mash with garlic, it's got a KICK to it that is unmistakable. I've also tried the very simple deli classic, the baguette au jus simply because I wasn't in the mood for a huge filler of a steak and even something so simple was made to taste better by lightly searing the bread on the flat grill along with the steak and the jus was insane. So simple and easy and the BAM! Foodgasm.And yesterday, still not in the mood for steak, because as much as I love and worship the steak, one can overdoes on it, I decided I wanted the ultimate Reuben's classic sandwich which I had had in many other places before, The Reuben's. It's a smoked-meat sandwich with sauerkraut, Swiss cheese and the "special sauce" (I hate that expression) slammed between pumpernickel bread and then grilled. I was only after the first half did I stop having spasms and stop moaning in delight. Such foody goodness shouldn't be permitted. Eating it was a messy affaire and required plenty of napkins but just like the perfect burger, if you don't make a mess, it's not the perfect burger. Sadly the cole-slaw fails.There are plenty of deserts to chose from at Reuben's and all are portions for two but when at Reuben's there is only one desert that matters. And trust me on this, they have the absolute best carrot cake you will eat in your short life. It is the orgasmatron of deserts, soft, chewy, moist, and sugary and an explosion of flavory goodness. It can't be beatThe service is normally very good, though I wouldn't say so after last night. But I'll hold that on single bad time as an isolated event. And as I was eating desert, I saw a plate of sliders go buy... they have sliders? I never got to the burger part of the menu yet. Damn! Next time.In the mean time, my favorite Deli gets a proper 5 outta 5.
5	Yum yum yum yum. One of the best if not the best smoked meat sammich in the city. Open late, nice service, and a gorgeous restaurant all contribute to the 5-star rating.
5	The concierge at my hotel, Omni Mont-Royal, suggested Reuben's since I didn't want to make the trek to Schwartz's. I made a good choice because the classic smoked meat sandwich was Excellent! I highly recommend Reuben's... man I wish we could get smoked meat in San Diego or LA
5	We have a routine for each Boxing Day to go shopping early until we drop and then to go at Reuben.  The smoked meats are great and we always take the house Cabernet bottle.  What a treat.  You can ask for lean or 'gras' and they have great fries.  Not good for the diet, but good for the heart.If you can ask for a 'banquette', they're more romantic.Can be noisy at time, but definitely a must for smoked meat lovers.R.
4	This was a great place for brunch. The food was good but it was crowded & the wait was a little long. I'd recommend the place.
5	Smoked meat and poutine are Montreal's contributions to the culinary world.  While made from brisket, Montreal-style smoked meat is nothing like Texas brisket, or really, like anything else.  Highly seasoned and melt-in-your-mouth tender, purveyors such as Reuben's stack the smoked meat high on rye bread with a smattering of yellow mustard.  While I have yet to experience this delicacy from the mythical Schwartz's, I'd have to say that the smoked meat from Reuben's is the best I've had in Montreal.
2	God, I hate to be a buzzkill but this place isn't very good.After descending the gaudy mirror and wood paneled stairs, I thought for sure I'd end up in some wannabe Mafioso's love nest only to be met by even more fabulous ridiculous interior design. This place has to be seen to be believed. Deliberate irony is the only defense.We had fabulous service from a gentleman from Afganistan who while making our sandwiches discussed his feelings about the state of the world. He was fantastic - interesting to listen to and just so passionate about serving us what he felt was the best meat in Montreal. It so pains me that I ended up so disappointed with this place.My companion and I split both their famous Reuben and their 'classic' smoked meat sandwich. It likely goes without saying that the portions here are simply huge and a great bang for the buck is certainly to be had, at least as volume is concerned. The meat is piled stupidly high on the sandwiches making them near impossible to fit in your mouth. Don't even think about calorie counting.The meat does, as other people mentioned, melt in your mouth. Despite a rather strong smell that some complained was a tad on the foul side (it comes with the curing), it did taste good and had what I thought was an unusual amount of coriander flavor to it. But for the most part it tasted exactly like an average corned beef - absolutely no evidence of the smoking that others seem so convinced makes this place and Montreal meats so unique.It didn't help that the bread wasn't that great and quickly melted and fell apart, that the mustard lacked any kick, that the Russian dressing was devoid of tang, and that the sauerkraut was actually pretty gross. And I freaking love sauerkraut in all of its stages of carefully controlled rotting goodness.The fries were mooshy and flavorless. Having worked a frialator in a past life, I would have been ashamed to serve these to anyone. Even my gravest of enemies.  I also know from working a frialator that churning out good fries isn't hard it just requires paying attention.Other people's reviews make it clear: this place is all about the "unique" meat. The meat shines, above all else but that's because everything else was...well, bad. This is my honest assessment: I completely fail to see the uniqueness of this place and its product versus a traditionally prepared corned beef.  When the other aspects of your meal are taken into account the experience is average at best. It is also completely devoid of any locals. I have some theories.Can we also be clear here? Corned beef is cured in brine NOT smoked. My rudimentary understanding of physics also dictates that smoke doesn't do anything to submerged objects such as meat. If you watch your sandwich being made the meat is removed from a vat of steaming brine (liquid clearly visible). So unless the meat here goes through some baffling process of curing, smoking and curing again this is just your regular everyday corned beef - which is what it tastes like. I am doubtful smoking makes up any significant portion of the process, if at all, and even if it does none of the signs of smoking are present in the meat we were served (e.g smoky flavor, color, textural qualities).So go here if you want to be surrounded by tourists, have a dining experience with heaps of mediocre food and just OKAY corned beef that pretentiously claims to be more than it is. Next time I'm going to try Schwartz's.
3	When I was a student I used to eat here every week religiously. My arteries paid for it but it was a lot of fun. It's a good place to hang out and just soak up the atmosphere. Sure there's better smoke meat elsewhere, Reuben's is just a fun place to be.
4	Great deli atmosphere and friendly staff add to the great deli food at Reuben's. I have to admit that I was not expecting to find much but was pleasantly surprised with the modern decor and quality selections on the menu.Highly recommend Reuben's poutine which is topped with corned beef. It comes as an appetizer but can easily be eaten as an entree. Salads were as green as they come and the portions were huge. Traditional deli sandwiches did not disappoint. I was most impressed by the bubbly waitress who served our group - she could not have been nicer or more helpful!Unfortunately any egg dishes are not served past 11 am, and there is no matzo ball soup on the menu?
4	I've eaten at a lot of delis, and this was in the top 10. It's a lovely place, it feels like a New York or Russian Hill deli, but the food is just a slight step below what you'll find at those places. I had the Smoked Meat Poutine. The Meat was amazing. I've never had better. The fries were pretty good, but the gravy and cheese were all amazing. The while thing was in a pile. I can't believe I managed to finish the entire plate. I'd love to go back, but who knows the next time I'll be in Montreal.
3	I've been to Reuben's many times and the food has always been good. Huge portions at a very reasonable price is probably what they do best. The three stars are based on the food, not portion size or anything else. I was here this past weekend and ordered a Greek salad that was seriously enough for four people. One disappointment was a breakfast skillet that may have been prepared in bulk ahead of my order.
4	This place is GOOD.  I came here after the Killers concert famished.  We were walking around St Catherine looking for something good.  I saw this place and said why not.  It was weird walking in here, as the French people do usually dress nicer, and we were in tshirts and jeans.  But after we got over that initial feeling, we sat down and ordered.  I got the Turkey Club and as you can see in the picture, it was big, and good.  One of my friends got the Euro brisket.  That thing was loaded with meat.  And my other friend got probably the best French dip I've ever eaten.  The bread was crunchy on the outside, and fluffy on the inside.  It was glazed or something, and it was magnificent.The food was delicious.  The staff was friendly.  I say to come here.  Yum.
4	This place is quite tastey.  The portions are huge, you can definately split an entree.  The second best pastrami sandwich I've ever had, but well above average none the less!It's worth a trip for lunch if you're in the area.
3	Very expensive but great diner food. The hostesses have the mostessness. Liquor is served and their specialty is you guessed it ! Cole slaw! No just kidding. The slaw is not like American cole slaw, there's no mayo! It's made with vineagar. Yuck but it tasted very fresh, so fresh I could get past that tangy taste. The french fries are better then McDonalds, yummy. Portions are HUGE, plan on taking it home or share it with others to bed down the costs.
3	This place is close to major shopping and has a menu that works for a wide range of eaters. Huge portions with a fantastic grilled veggie sandwich. A decent place to stop and grab a quick bite to eat.
4	we went for a late breakfast and were pleasantly surprised.  for a diner, its decor was very classy with lots of leather and dark woods.  our waiter was very friendly and helpful.my wife ordered an omelette, and she didn't like the fact that there was too much vegetables in it.  the waitress was flexible and replaced the potatoes with some fruit.  i had the french toast/eggs/bacon with toast/bagel.  the scramble eggs was decent, and the french toast was delicious.  i especially like the sesame seed bagel that was well-toasted (no cream cheese?).the meals were well-priced (less than $10), which also satisfied my pocket book.  we would return for breakfast/brunch any day!
3	Very large sandwiches. High tourist prices. Fresh food. Parking in the area is hard to find so you may have to walk a few blocks to the restaurant.
3	Huge portions of smoked meat. If you're in this part of town, need to eat in a hurry, and wanted a taste of what the famed smoked meat was about, then Reuben's Deli isn't a bad choice.The vinegar-based cole slaw is excellent and sorely needed to cut all the grease and fat in the smoked meat sandwich. Get one sandwich and split it with a friend.
4	Love their smoke-meet sandwich with the Reuben special sauce. If you are in this neighborhood, this is a must go place for the smoke-meet sandwich. They also serve USDA prime steaks. Haven't try them, but I will next time I'm there. Staff are very friendly and can speak English.
4	This was the only spot I had the opportunity to try Poutine at and, can I say, this is a new favorite of mine that's for sure.  This place is also gracious enough to be open VERY late for an out of towner who had to wait in Immigration... So, the Poutine was stacked with:Smoked MeatCheese CurdsGravyThe fries were pretty damn good too.  I added a Molson on draft, which completed the experience.
3	Great smoked meat sandwiches with huge portions. I agree with Elle P. you are better off splitting this puppy with a friend.The french fries were a bit of the lacklustre side and tasted like McCain's fires that had been left out.The service was super quick and friendly. I would definitely go again but I would skip the fries
5	In the states we tend to think of deli as a New York City institution but Montreal has its own tradtion. Reuben's has been around for years and if you are in Montreal it is well worth a visit. They have their own version of poutine but following my cardiologist's orders I have not tried that. You can order anything off Reuben's menu and you won't go wrong.
3	Ordered the Big Bang Sandwich.  There was a lot of meat on there (1lb).  It is stacked in a way to make it look much bigger than it is, which only made it difficult to eat.  The beef was tender and juicy, but lacked punch.  There was a dab of mustard on there, but it need a dollop with all that beef.  The chop-chop poutine appetizer was ok - covered in their famoust beef and with cheese curds (wasn't a fan of the curds).  A lot of really good french fries came with the dish though.  Overall it was a ho hum experience.  I think the recent string of really good delis had me expecting much more than Reubens had to offer.The waiter was nonexistent though.  Didn't offer a refill of my beer, didn't give us plates until after the app came out...the little things.
4	Reuben's for DESSERT!Okay so we ONLY went there for dessert, so please keep that in mind when reading this review.  We arrived late at night, and we'd had a late lunch so just wanted something naughty before bed.  We told the host we were just here for dessert and we were sat at the bar.  We ordered two bars drinks (cognac and a raspberry martini) after the suggestions from the bartender.  We looked at the desserts in the case and on the menu, and decided on the Chocolate Bomb!  Oh was it a lot of food!  We were going to order a dessert each, but were so glad we didn't after we had this one... though the other dessert I wanted, the Apple Crumble with French Vanilla ice cream, looked amazing!The bartender was very very busy, but was polite and seemed to be efficient in his tasks.  The manager was very friendly (we spoke with him a bit) and the general ambiance was very nice.  I'd love to have a dinner there.  I noticed some nice-looking pasta dishes, and a Reuben sandwich on some tables.  The restaurant was very busy this time of night, which is nice considering most restaurants were closed at this time on a Sunday night.  Also, Reuben's is located centrally downtown, so that's a plus.
4	Try the Original Reuben smoked meat sandwich. Would recommend sandwiches, but the fries leave more to be desired - frozen flavorless shoe strings. Excellent atmosphere and service.
4	I've been saving my 100th review for a place like this ...The Chop Chop poutine is awesome!!!!!!  The french fries are thin, crispy, salty  - kind of like McDonald french fries.  The gravy was rich and tasty.  The cheese was melted and plentiful.  And, the whole thing was covered in chopped bits of smoked meat.  Although the poutine was listed as an appetizer, I ordered it as a meal.  And honestly, it was plenty!  The sandwiches here are as big as your head.  There is even a $75 sandwich with an insane amount of meat.  My husband ordered the super sandwich and I had a bite - it was delicious but not as good as my poutine.  The accompanying slaw was a little sour for my liking.  The desserts seem huge too.  The slices of cheese cake looked really delicious and a lot of other tables ordered dessert but we decided we had had enough.Decor is a little like the Keg.  Lots of business type corporate folks and possibly tourists.  The place was busy but not waiting for 20 minutes type busy - we were seated right away.Our server was pleasant enough.Loooved it!! :)
3	Portions are huge, plenty of choices, somewhat loud. I had the french dip and although the au jus sauce was pretty salty, it hit the spot.  The salad are also great, although you don't get fried :)Service was quick and easy, good spot for lunch.
4	Ive been here a couple of times. First two times i ordered the rocky top chicken which was mouth-watering good! ( the portion was HUGE!) i wasnt able to finish it both times. The third time i went ahead and ordered the ceasar salad, which isnt normal for me because im a burger & fries type of girl but it was nothing I expected. It was enough to make me feel full without making me feel like i over-ate. The sauce was not too watery, which is the way i like it. The only thing that made me frown was the "garlic bread" it came with. It seemed to have been prepared ahead of time and felt dry and old. Other than that it was perfect. Service was excellent even during rush supper time. I was seated within 5 minutes and the waitress was fast and polite. I woul definitely go back a fourth and fifth time !
3	Great smoked meat, environment is not bad and serving was so so
5	There are perhaps five places on this entire planet that have been able to deliver me a food experience where I can say "if it were any better, it wouldn't matter." Reuben's is one of them.As you likely know, viande fume, or smoked meat, is one of a handful of famous Montreal foods.  It's basically a super thick, super rich, warm serving of pastrami.  What I didn't know, and almost couldn't believe, is how large a difference there is between the "smoked meat" you get from the world-famous Schwartz's and the "smoked meat" you can get at the also-famous Reuben's.Reuben's is super duper moist and tender and pinkish in color, while Schwartz's is redder, drier and more crumbly.  While Schwartz's is flavorful and excellent, it didn't cause me to roll my eyes and moan the way Reuben's did.   Reuben's extra moisture and melt-in-your-mouth texture combines with a particularly rich and fatty cut of meat to fill your mouth with joy in a way that a drier sandwich simply cannot.  In other words, I think both are great, that Reuben's is better, and that it's not close.  Having said that, there is quite a lot of (internet and real life) debate about who provides the superior sandwich, and if you're a foodie I know you're going to go to Schwartz's anyway.  Heck, in my crew there were even a couple certified foodies who said they preferred Schwartz's, one of whom said the rich, moist texture of Reuben's was a bit "too" close to hot dog. Another was offended that Reuben's had more expensive offerings than Schwartz's.  In any case, get your Reuben's on and join the debate!  They give you quite a few options when ordering smoked meat here; get the "famous" one (which is just smoked meat on rye with mustard) and ask for it "medium fatty" which is one level above the default but not the crazy top level which is just "fatty."BEST X AARON'S EVER HAD AWARD WINNER: PASTRAMI(for the pastrami in their medium fatty smoked meat sandwich)
4	Amazing smoked meat sandwiches! This is a QC delicacy and must be tried when you are in town, of course being a meat and sandwich lover helps. They pile the meat so high you can barely fit the sandwich in your mouth without dislocating your jaw. Drool.... need I say more?
3	i came recently to grab a smoked meat sandwich.. despite having an awesome pastrami sandwich in new york recently.. my buddy was hankering for a meat sandwich.. the pastrami was thick, moist and tender..  however.. it could have been piled a bit higher.. overall.. it's not bad.. but it's not something i would come back and have again
4	I have been given a lot of shit from my foodie friends for going to Reuben's Deli all these years but I stand by my claim: Reuben's is just better than Schwartz's when it comes to smoked meat. Ok Ok. Point taken: you go to Schwartz's for the 'Montreal' experience but let me tell you honey, that place is so damn touristy now you couldn't find a real Montrealer in the crowd! They're all over at Reuben's getting a better sandwich in a MUCH better atmosphere. If you're reading this review because you're coming to Montreal as a tourist I would recommend you go to Schwartz's AND Reuben's. That's right. I said it. BOTH. it's hard to choose but for me personally I'm team Reuben's all the way. Their sandwiches are really quite different: they're much more moist (Schwartz's are dry, quite dry and FATTY) and Reuben's comes with a HUGE plate of fries (which I love). I also highly recommend you get the onion rings to start with the Jack Daniel's BBQ sauce. They're unbelievably good. Like too good. I can only go to this place every 6 months because I leave so damn bloated! It's so filling! And don't be fooled by the huge menu they give you. There are like a million things to choose from but your eyes should go directly to the 'famous super sandwich' hidden at the top of one of the pages. They tempt you with other also-ran things like a 'chicken sandwich' or a 'hamburger'. UM. NO. Avoid. You should only get a smoked meat sandwich here folks. Really. This place is located on Ste-Catherine aka the retail/strip club street in the heart of downtown. Most of you American tourists are probably very familiar with this street already, lol, but despite its middle-Canada feeling amidst the corporate flagship stores, Reuben's is where it's at for a legitimate Montreal dining experience. Trust me.  LOVE IT.
4	Good but I've had better at Katz deli in NYC! Atmosphere seems like a touristy place to eat. Prices weren't too bad and you get a lot for the price.
4	Loved the poutine and this was officially my first poutine even though I had been to French Canada before.Got the famous smoked meat corned beef sandwich. Huge portion! The meat was second only to a little Jewish place in Milwaukee that I know of which puts this in great company.If you're looking for lunch and a beer this is a great choice.
4	Smoked meat is famous in Montreal.  So there are a lot of places that serve smoked meat throughout the city.  One of the more famous places is Reubens.  The place is usually busy, especially during lunch time on the weekdays.  So when I am craving a smoked meat sandwich I tend to come here since its good and close to where I live.  You can order your smoked meat sandwich either lean, medium, or fat.  I usually get a medium with swiss cheese.  They give you tons of meat that is so delicious and juicy.  It definitely will fill you up for sure.  When I want a little protein after a gym workout I get the grilled chicken.  They served two tender chicken breasts with grilled vegetables and a side of rice.  Very good.Although not necessarily the most famous smoked meat place in Montreal, when coming to Montreal, definitely make Reubens one of your stops for smoked meat.
5	Simply one of the best in Montreal ~ top marks for my Atmosphere, Service, Food troikaPlease note the location.  This review is for the Peel / St. Catherine's location (there is another branch just down the street approximately on McGill College / St. Catherine's). Atmosphere: The place is warm, cosy, and bustling.  It usually full of people, from young couples, to business men on their lunch hour, to families and group gatherings.  You'll love eating at Rubens, simply because the most enduring testament to it's quality is it's busy dinning room.  Wood covered walls, and wine on display, leather booths, and polished wood tables all make for a comfortable dining experience.Service: This is perhaps one of the most distinguishing attributes of Ruben's Deli.  The staff is incredibly (incredibly) professional! Having become an at-least-once-a-month-type-regular to Ruben's, I have still to have a bad experience.  The staff know their trade, and do it very well.  Top notch personalities, engaging, and charming - they know the menu and are always ready to make suggestions and accommodations.  It is also a great sign that the staff does not turn over very often, and so expect to see familiar faces if you start coming often.Food: You go to Ruben's to EAT!  Indeed, the food is a little on the heavy side in the sense that it centre's on steak's, smoked meats, and burgers - but if you must indulge, do so here.  Ruben's offerings satiate hunger and please the eye in a double-whammy that would leave many other restaurants wanting.  The menu also has delicious salad choices, pasta dishes, and the aforementioned burgers (a MUST try is the bierhoff burger witch is toped with a ketchup / beer sauce and / or the Black Jack with comes with caramelized onions and Jack Daniels sauce.)  A full bar is at hand and for desert loves (here's lookin' at you ladies) you will absolutely squirm in your seats for Ruben's carrot cheese cake, their blue berry cheese cake, or their hot fudge brownie with walnuts and the biggest heap of vanilla ice cream this side of the boarder.a Montreal classicEat'n Enjoy!
3	If you are cravy for a fat juicy burger with bacon and cheese please do yourself a favor and go there!!!Food,staff,price are very good can't complaint about it.Definitely worth a try!Cheers,Eric Van Nguyen
4	70's deli diner facade, earth toned contemporary interior with eye catching murals.Chop Chop Poutine is a meal in itself; tasty gravy and cheese curds so fresh they squeak on your teeth.Smoked meat sandwich: fresh bread, tender moist meat, big enough to feed two.  Tip: it comes with fries, but upgrade them to the poutine.  Fries were nothing special.House salad: fresh greens, healthy portion, great offset to the carbs & meat.Chopped Liver Sandwich: moist, flavorful, caramelized onions - best I've ever had.Carrot cake: immense, drizzled with caramel - don't miss out on the desert.  Cheesecake looked amazing and monolithic.Service was very friendly, and food arrived incredibly fast.  Like faster than fast food fast, but could not be any fresher.  Ask for Nadia's section.  She's fast, funny, attentive and will make you feel at home.
4	Im surprised I havent reviewed this place before. I've been to both the Reubens and have had great experiences. It is a deli, so meat eaters will LOVE IT. Great steak cuts, smoked meat and other deli sandwiches. Service is fast and theyve also got a full bar. They also have a great display of desserts. **cough cough** **cheese cake**  **cough cough**Yeaahhh. Anyway Reubens is great for family, friends, co workers to come hangout over food and drinks in the heart of downtown where everyone can make it to. Cheers!
5	Just came from lunch...service was great...my wife and I shared a small sandwich and onion rings. Oh and yes...amazing cheesecake. Will be back this trip!!
4	Nice atmosphere and staffs and on top of them, great food !! I had Big Bang Sandwich and Poutine. They were absolutely wonderful. They met quality and quantity at the same time.
5	I was there the other day...it was very good !
5	Best cakes!!! (carrot cake). Food? delicious!
3	3.5A proper place to try smoked meat. Different from Dunn's (more gelatineous, but not too much). Salads are Ok, but not more.Everything is OK, but not waoooh at all. Probably standard and consistent in its quality.
2	Empty place on a Saturday afternoon. Fries were crap...frozen and no potato.Sandwiches were just ok. A lot of meat, but nothing groundbreaking.Nice service....but will not return.
4	Every time I go to the movies, I follow with dinner at Reuben's. The line moves fast, if there is one. The service is invariably fast and efficient  The standard and fancied-up deli food is not stellar but still very good. The atmosphere young, happy and noisy, with far less creatures-with-distasteful-implants than you'd typically find in a similar joint in the area or on St-Laurent, with is a welcome change.The carrot cake is legendary -- ask them not to drown it in caramel sauce, though. However, their draft beer is a serious drag. Molson Ex, I mean, come on...
5	Poutine is great. Definitely try the Reuben sandwich it's a treat. However, the Carrot Cake is the BEST I've ever had. It is truly amazing!!!
4	It's very tasty!!!! Nice environment!!! Fair price around this area!! :)
5	Not that it matters, but there are two separate Reuben's deli along Rue Sainte-Catherine Ouest within a couple blocks of each other. I am sure that today's visit was at the closer to Rue Peel, which is smack in the middle of the shopping district crowds.Of course, I had the smoked meat. Why have anything else? It comes piled medium high on rye bread with mustard and swiss cheese, with a big pile of fries, a pot of cole slaw and a pickle. It was good, but I'll be honest, I prefer spicy brown mustard to the yellow mustard they offer here. No worries, it was still excellent and a whole lot of food. Too much to be able to even consider splitting a piece of the delicious looking carrot cake.Prices are moderate, but it's a fancy sit down restaurant with real service and tablecloths. Don't tell anyone, but smoked meat is a whole lot similar to pastrami.
4	I like this place! haven't been disappointed yet! Apparently they have good breakfast which I plan to try out some time!
2	So touristy... The ahi tuna salad was amazing. They changed waiters because apparently they thought me and my little sister did not have money and were scared about getting a tip. So we were not waited on the whole time till the end. When I went up to the manager and said can I please have the check and boxes and had cold tea for like 15 minutes :(. Our waiter was chit chatting with these tourists behind us trying to get a bigger tip from them and probably felt stupid so he gave us a new waiter without saying so. The new waiter when I asked said he ended his shift... lmfao canadians must really think we are stupid oh well. So he got a free 15% tip for nothing. Needless to say we like to spend money but not for people and businesses that do not deserve our dollars. The meat here is decent quality along with half of montreal. There tuna fish sandwich was big and yummy although there hot tea is lipton... lol  I know better places in the states no mint tea with green tea just one or the other. A scarce variety for having a wide assortment of desserts. Meant for the american fatties to just have regular tea or coffee and a lot of meat and fatty desserts. I would rather eat a steak but hey my opinion. Will not repeat. Do not like me or my sister
4	Wow delicious and huge! Clearly the correct place to go to after working out for two hours at the gym, to undo everything I've done for a week!I got their smoked meat AND poutine and both were delicious. I don't really even need to explain the food at all just go, get the poutine with it and be Canadian!
5	Oh my meaty goodness. In Montreal for the weekend and this was one of our best meals. Eric had the smoked meat, I had a steak sandwich that was one of the best I've ever had and Celeste had an excellent burger. We all had leftovers which we ate in the morning for breakfast.It was expensive but so worth it...the next time someone from Montreal tells me that NYC is soooo expensive, I am afraid I will have to laugh in their face.
4	Mega portions, absolutely NO room for dessert. Love their Southern chicken crisp salad even if it takes me forever to finish it. Burgers are also monster- sized, usually slathered in various sauces and topped with cheese to boot! Those who want/have to watch their weight/waists, beware.
4	No line-up.Need I say more?  Great booths, service was fantastic, free wifi throughout, let us linger forever, food was good (French Fries were pretty meh but you're not hungry enough after eating the sandwich to need them).
4	We came here on a Friday night for a relatively early dinner (read: 6:30pm) for our habitual Friday night date night. We'd been here before, and have always been satisfied with the food/service. We were seated right away, and they accommodated our request for a booth. The only "downer" are the prices; they've been raised since I was there the last time, and for the type of restaurant I don't know if they're warranted. But hey, it's downtown Montreal, it's to be expected!Our waiter was by almost immediately to get our drink order. He was very nice and welcoming. He gave us a few more minutes to look at the menu and came back to get our food order. We started with the spinach and cheese dip, and I had the Bandara chicken sandwich with fries, while my boyfriend had the smoked meat with mashed potatoes. The food service was timely and convenient. Our spinach dip was delicious and hot; a nice blend of cheeses with some spinach. I'm a big fan of spinach dips, and this one ranks pretty highly in my books. We had enough time to somewhat digest the appetizer before our main dishes came out. Our plates came out, and I was excited to dig in. The Bandara chicken sandwich, in a word, was delish! The sweet BBQ sauce with the crispy onions and the sourdough bread; oh man! The portion was huge, so I was able to benefit from a second meal out of the other half of my meal. My boyfriend had the smoked meat, and says it was ok, but not the best he's had. When you've been to Schwartz's, it's hard to find somewhere that will top it! I had a taste and I'll admit it wasn't the best smoked meat I've ever had, but it wasn't terrible; it was edible and did the trick. So if you're looking for a decent lunch or diner spot, and are in the golden square mile, I would recommend Reuben's, and would definitely say get the Bandara Chicken Sandwich! Worth every bite!
3	Rubens has been a favourite go to in Montreal for years. I've loved this place. Previous to my last visit, I've been wowed by the service, price and food - especially the smoked meat. After my last experience, I'm a bit disappointed. The service is still spectacular. Was not impressed with the 30% to 40% increase in the price for a smoked meat sandwich. What was 12 bucks with fries not too long ago is now $18 or $19. And apparently asking for no mustard means that they will add mustard, then try to half assed wipe it off. I did walk out with a 5lbs brisket to take home to Toronto as you just can't find this kind of meat back home. Sadly they charge well over $11 per pound to buy a la carte.
5	Near our hotel and was recommended by the hotelier.I had the classic Reuben sand-witch ( a little salty).  Fries were perfectly fried.My friend had the Roast beef swiss (need a little salt LOL)We both split the sandwitch.   Portion is big so FYI.Seating and atmosphere was good.
3	The price brought it down a star. When my buddy asked for a side of BBQ sauce it was $2!!! That is kinda crazy. Everyone loved the food and portions are gigantic so your kinda paying for 2 meals if you take some home. The waiter was friendly and food came out promptly. I do not have much to say about Reubens other than you will be full when you leave and it might be a little more than you expected but in general A-OK.
5	I visit Rueben's once a year when my dad and I visit Montreal to go see a hockey game. Every year this is our dinner of choice before the game. It has never let us down. We usually order burgers or sandwiches since we are in a hurry to get to the game, and we are always served in a timely manner with a large portioned meal. Highly recommended!
4	Pretty good place, big portions, servers nice, friendly, and professional .... It's my first time here and might come back again .... food was delicious and portions are pretty big...
4	Awesome smoked meat and Reuben.
2	Very disappointing...just ate here for lunch.....I'm a born Montrealer and have been eating Montreal smoked meat for over 50 years. Last time I ate here was 2 years ago and it was excellent...but today was just terrible.Smoked meat was very bland almost tasteless and very soft and mushy, almost slimy.The rye bread had no substance to it so you couldn't actually pick-up the sandwich , had to resort to a fork. Fries were cold,limp and no crispiness to them at all.Tuna sandwich .....well it wasn't worth the 12 bucks.Actually this pace is grossly overpriced for the quality of the food.Even Snowdon deli has better smoked meat...and that isn't saying much.
5	FIRST OF ALL, if you're posting a review here make sure you at the RIGHT address! There are two Reubens within 2 blocks of each other on the same street. Did you go down a flight of stairs when going in? Then you're at the WRONG Reubens. A lot of reviewers have been poorly observant in this regard.DECOR :When you walk in you're greeted by a countless number of slabs of smoke meat that seem to screaming at you to eat them right then and there. You're always welcomed by a charming hostess that will inquire how many you are during your visit. While you wait, the odds are the place is full of people, whether it is for lunch or supper, this place is more popular than a Bon Jovi concert. There's a long nicely made bar counter that stretches across the joint where single seats can be used by single visitors. The bunks are large and comfortable while the space to walk is slightly restrictive by the amount of traffic. The atmosphere is warm and comfortable despite the chaos of it all.FOOD : This is MY smoke meat join of choice. I've been given a lot of flak by friends over the years for preferring Reubens over Schwartz but I stand firm in my position that Reubens is simply better than Schwartz. It's hard not to compare the two, particularly when talking about the best smoked meat in Montreal, yet they are SO different that I can't help love Reubens so much more.Firstly, Reubens can accommodate more people, I'm not a fan of Schwartz in this regard. It's become too touristy and the line-ups during specific moments in the day can be pretty ridiculous. No one wants to wait 30 minutes, outside during winter to sit down to eat a smoked meat sandwich.Secondly, my sandwiches at Reubens have always been perfect. I've never gotten a mediocre cut that was fatty or dry. I've gotten a few mediocre sandwiches over the years when at Schwartz. Never at Reubens. Reubens sandwiches are moist and plump, while Schwartz can sometimes be very dry.While Reubens offers a multitude of choices to eat, they definitely specialize in smoked meat. My personal favorite is the Euro, a ridiculously huge portion of smoked meat (offered also in lean cuts) between kaiser buns and Swiss cheese. Yet you can select with other variety of smoke meat sandwiches available. They also have other things on the menu that I've never really tried beyond their desert. Their caramel cheesecake is fantastic. (Check pictures).Also, their Onion rings are out of this world. Try it with their Jack BBQ sauce!PRICE :Quality is rarely cheap in Montreal. Their Super Sandwich is about 15$. However, the potions are huge. If you're willing to pay a bit more, you'll get what you deserve and I recommend this sacrifice for some heavenly smoked meat. You won't be leaving this joint craving more food.SERVICE : I've heard some stories about mediocre service but I've never been disappointed. Service is LIGHTNING quick and efficient. Refills can sometimes take awhile but let's be honest, people need to get their FOOD ASAP! This place smells awesome, people come in hungry, they are immediately suffering with a lack of smoke meat in their mouth. The service must feed the hungry... not quench the thirst of the thirsty,Joking aside, the service is pretty solid,If you're new to Montreal or new to Reubens, check this place out, you won't be disappointed. It's been a personal favorite of mine for well over a decade!However, kindly note, this DOES NOT apply if you go to the other Reubens. It's a completely different and mediocre experience. If you're going down stairs, STOP, you're not at the right Reubens. There should be a huge Second Cup sign beside this resto about 2 blocks away. Head there instead.PROTIP : They will not allow you to sit down unless everyone is there, so if you have tardy folks, inform everyone so you're not standing there dumbly for 10-15 minutes while you wait with a bunch of other people.
3	I had the The Reuben. Excellent meat and at a good price. The friendly staff were on point and the place was clean. French fries were frozen! Beautiful house made deli and some bagged shoestrings.
4	Solid restaurant, good service & atmosphere. Very family oriented.Definitely order the Original Reuben Sandwich. The pumpernickel is slightly toasted, which gives the sandwich nice variety in texture. The Montreal Smoked Meat is DIVINE, as is the horseradish, and cheese that comes in it. Solid coleslaw, okay poutine.I wouldn't order anything else, to be honest. If you're going to Reuben's, you're going there for the Smoked Meat.Could definitely upgrade the atmosphere with a face lift - maybe have a little more light as it was very dark. Just a thought :)
4	Great downtown spot, great customer service and open later for late owls like myself.  First meal in Montreal and I order the large smoked sandwich, I was going to order it with a poutine appetizer but the bartender kindly told me to just switch the fries to poutine instead and it was a wish choice because the amount of food was enough to feed two people.  The sandwich was massive, the smoked meat was really good, the overall experience of the sandwich was really good.  The poutine was ok, not that flavorful.They have beers too, so the experience was really good, a ittle pricey yes but overall a great meal.
1	The food is overpriced and does not taste very good.  Also, the wait staff is stuck up and rude.  My friend ordered the pork chop, and I ordered the steak sandwich.  Neither were good.  The pork chop meat was tough and served with too much of a disgusting, thick brown gravy-type sauce that overtook the taste of the pork.  My steak was greasy and too firm.  When I requested that my sandwich be brought out without bread, the waitress looked confused and asked "no bread at all?"  I guess she was not familiar with the Atkins diet.  I repeated "no bread," at which point she looked at my friend (as if to imply I was crazy), then rolled her eyes and said "as you wish."  I could have done without the drama.  Just bring out the damn sandwich without bread if a customer requests it!  Gees!  And, the meal came to close to $70 just for what I mentioned above!  Ridiculous!  I won't eat here again!
3	Pretty decent, but I feel like there's better out there!
5	This is the first place the wife and I went to after arriving in Montreal. She had researched it first and boy am I glad she did. We ordered a couple of entrees, but it was the appetizer that blew our minds. Smoked meat poutine. Let me say that again. SMOKED MEAT POUTINE!!!  A classic poutine covered with smoked meat. It was juicy, succulent...delicious. I will never forget this dish as long as I live. If you like fries and smoked meat, and honestly how can you not, this is for you.
4	Great deli!  Love this place.  I always get the same thing. A freaking big pile of delicious smoked meat!  I go medium fat. Why not? That's where the flavour is. They get you in and out fast but I have never felt rushed. Just fast service.
5	This is the first place I ate in Montreal and the best. My boyfriend and I shared the smoked meat poutine to start. He had the smoked meat sandwich afterwards and I had the turkey melt. The portions were huge and just great. Highly recommended.
3	I agree on the prices. I once asked for a side salad with my sandwich (forgot now which sandwich I ordered) and it was like 6 something dollars! I don't want the huge salad, just a side salad. They should really have an option a little less expensive for a side salad if someone doesn't want the fries to accompany a sandwich.Next thing, and this is just me, but they put waaaaaay too much meat in the sandwiches. I took most of it out, actually. I'm ordering out from here today for lunch with a co-worker and this time I think I might try one of their main-meal salads. Return Worthy... once in a while. ;-)Thanks for reading!
5	The breakfast options are plenty at Reuben's.  However, there is one main reason we come here to fuel up and start our day... The R.D. Skillet!  There is simply no heartier breakfast this side of the city.  Ask for the eggs cooked to your liking and enjoy them with the salty/smoky/sour medley of flavors.  At under $9, THIS is a real breakfast of champions that keeps us coming back.
2	Style over substance. Ruben was an unmanageable mess, poutine had more fries than curds or gravy, no good beer on the menu. Vegetarian options are pasta, pizza, or you can ask for a salad with no meat.
5	Here is my review for the Reuben's at 1116 Rue Sainte-Catherine Ouest.They are 2 places with the same name on the same street (never understood why).I think some people are confused and don't put reviews at the right place.Good reviews should go to : Reuben's Deli & Steaks ---This restaurant is one of my favourite. Portions are huge indeed. For me, this place is about excellent food, comfort and good service. The food is always top quality. Never got something cold. Burgers are good for an economic lunch (15$) while you can have something more fancy (a streak) for more (40$). This restaurant is always full, now, you know why !!
3	Okay so Reubens is not the venerable Schwartz's or the tried and true Dunn's but they do serve a mean smoked meat sandwich. I usually order the Builder's platter which comes with a mound of machine sliced smoked meat{ Fatty of course} 4 slices of fresh and sturdy rye,fries ,slaw and half a pickle but this time I opted for a pound of fatty,well seasoned with some crisry ends meat. My wife usually opts for the Reuben spaghetti with extra cheese and while still a hearty and tasty entree we've found that they have cut back on the actual smoked meat ends that made this dish so decadent and substituted minced meat to make up the Bolognase sauce...disappointing but there is still enough smoked meat to make it a worth while entree.Reubens's menu covers all that you would expect in this slick and popular fast ,casual concept and the food has never been anything less than good and at a good price.....but for the true Montreal Smoked meat experience you have to at least try the always packed Schwartz's before the new owners morph it into ..........Reuben's.
5	Whenever I go to Montreal I have to stop at Reuben's Deli and Steaks for their  Smoked Meat Poutine. Montreal is synonymous with poutine and smoked meat and this establishment's Smoked Meat Poutine combines the best of two worlds! It is probably one of the best poutine's in the world and I am glad this place is is six hours away from me, otherwise I'd be as fat as a cow! This place is also generous with their portions as their appetizers can feed more than one person.The overall decor is exquisitely classy as demonstrated through the wait staffs overall demeanor and outfit. It is a popular restaurant therefore I advise you to place reservations ahead of time so you won't have to wait a long time in line. This is especially important to do during the busy nights on Fridays and Saturdays. Quick Tips1. Try to place a reservation otherwise you're going to wait a long time2. Try their Smoked Meat Poutine!Conclusion: Anyone who is heading to Montreal should stop on by and try out their delicious food!
4	Aha! Great place with awesome smoked meat!The smoked meat sandwich was great, large portion with great rye bread and slaw. The pickle was too salty and inedible for me. The Reuben's Smoked Meat Pizza was delightful; crispy, thin crust with loads of smoked meat and cheese. Their appetizers are quite mediocre on the other hand, the honey and mustard chicken filets were really dry and crunchy; also the basket were mainly fries and not many chicken.The service was average, food came out pretty fast. The ambience was great, especially at night. If possible, try to be seated near the window, the street view is amazing. The food is very pricey, however the portions are quite large.I have yet to try the legendary Carrot Cake and Smoked Meat Poutine, and I shall do that in the near future.
4	The smoked meat sandwich made me want to weep with joy. People who say there is too much meat on the sandwich just don't understand, man. If you can't question where the bread has disappeared to, your sandwich place ain't trying hard enough.One star down because I didn't really care for the slaw--it had a weird taste to it. Could be my weird Australian taste buds... but the sandwich tasted juuuuuust fine. I'm gonna dream about that meat for the rest of my life.
4	Great experience here today.  Ordered the Reuben and for some reason it was taking forever at 11:15am.  One of the managers came out and comped everything for me.  Being a non-French speaking Anglo, not something that you normally expect.  Definitely a classy move.The smoked meat is really good.  It's not like a corned beef or pastrami that I'd find at a Zingerman's in Ann Arbor, or the Star Deli in Southfield, but it's really tasty.  They had some good beers on tap, and I had a fantastic dessert off of their dessert menu.  I'm still a fan of Corned Beef from some of the great delis in the USA, but if you're in Montreal, this place is definitely worth a visit to see what MTL smoked brisket is all about.
5	French dip sandwich was amazing. Awesome fries and their ceasar dressing is the best I have ever had! I wish they sold it!
4	Montreal seems to be blessed with lots of sit down breakfast joints in its downtown area, Reuben's being one of them. Why does it stand out? For many reasons, the first being that the interior of the restaurant is upper scale and cozy. The minute you walk-in, you'll probably assume that the average bill is around 20$ with Reuben's looking how it does and being where it is, but it's not. Come before 9pm for the early bird special and the price is around 5.99$, coffee included! I usually order the classic 2 eggs with a side of sausage, ham or bacon, served with delicious, perfectly seasoned homefries, and toast. Be warned that the plates are large and portions generous, but not over the top. Now i've never been to Reuben's for lunch or dinner but they are usually packed, boasting a full bar, the place is known for their large slices of cake on display and their smoke meat sandwiches. Be prepared to pay however if you choose to go for lunch or dinner, as I've heard that it can set you back 20-30$. All in all, great place, amazing vibe, and best quality at a low price! How they do it, I have no idea, but I am a big fan
5	The Original Reuben Sandwich is worth the stop. The portion is huge and is served with a pickle and fries. It comes on pumpernickel bread and is hands down the best pastrami sandwich.
4	Yum! Had the smoked meat poutine and the build your own smoked meat sandwich. Both were really good. The portions here are very large so consider sharing. We had to wait about 40 minutes on a Friday night around 8 pm to get a seat, but it was well worth the wait. The staff are very nice and helpful. Pretty attentive as well considering how many tables they each had. You can also get takeaway so if you're in a rush head to the bar area and order something to bring home with you. I even liked the coleslaw and fries that came with our meal. I'd definitely come back when I visit Montreal again.
3	I know this is a smoke meat place and I was on a diet smoke meat was not on my menu. I ordered a BBQ chicken sandwich. These meals they serve are big.  With mountains of fries. I had not been to a Ruebens since I was a kid and they sure upgraded the place. But the food is not like the good ole days. Fries were the frozen type and I still love the real McCoy instead of these frozen fries. My sandwich was good but all I tasted was BBQ sauce and my hands smelled like BBQ sauce for the next 2 days.  There were 2 types of cheese but could not tell there was even cheese. Shame as the bread was really good. Service was excellent. I will go back and try the smoke meat and probably give 5 star.
5	Ah Reuben's  how much do I love your breakfasts!  The answer is MORE THAN ANY OTHER RESTAURANT DOWNTOWN!! The sampler breakfast!   What can I say?  Eggs, sausage, bacon, ham, potatoes, pancakes, fruit and rye toast!  Coffee included at 9.99.   Wonderful food, excellent portion sizes in an elegant but fun environment.  Who wouldn't love that?? We can't wait to go back for more!!
4	I've been coming here since it re opened at least once a month. My favourite dish to order is the Delmonico steak sandwich with a spinach dip to start. The steak sandwich has an amazing garlic aioli sauce with portobello mushrooms and crunchy onions. The spinach dip is the best in the city and it humiliates the spinach dip from Baton Rouge. Service is a little slow but friendly, ambience is inviting and classy yet casual. All in all it's a regular place for me to eat at.
3	Average food. Average service. You get what you pay for. Don't come here if you're expecting fine dining
4	The best smoked meat poutine. Large and delicious, great after the bar fun the famous for the cheese cake, too much for one. Share everything!  Huge sandwich, friendly service.
4	4.5/5 - It's not Schwartz, and that's really the only gripe as the sandwiches are otherwise fantastic. On the plus side, it's way bigger and can actually accommodate a group of 4+. The decor and atmosphere are also of a classier calibre. Service was awesome. Go to Schwartz for lunch and Reubens for dinner.
4	We ordered the builder's platter and smoked meat poutine. The smoked meat was succulent and flavorful.  The platter comes with slices of bread, so you can build yoir own sandwich. Ask for more bread, as I am sure you will need a few more slices to finish the meat. The atmosphere us casual and the fact that the establishment had kid-friendly seating was a great bonus (vs.  Schwart's). The strawberry cheesecake is a must!
3	No free refills on drinksGreat service ... that was a 5 star ratingToo expensive for what it was. Priced like a Baton Rouge or the keg. I probably won't go backThe desserts looked great though
5	This is my first trip to Montreal in years and I was told a few times to try this place. We came early and had breakfast which I can say did not disappoint. I had to have the smoked meat omelet which was absolutely delicious. My Mrs had the breakfast sandwich which was also very tasty with only complaint is it was huge. Food portions are very generous so only come with a big appetite. Great tasting coffee too....We will be back for lunch before this trip is over.
5	If you like hot meat, get it into your mouth at Reuben's. This place has the decorum of Bowser's castle and the food of a much jewisher ethnicity.
5	Awesome!  If you are ever in Montreal, you MUST try their smoked meat sandwich.  It's a toss between a corned beef and beef pastrami.  Very tender, melt in your mouth good...portion size is huge.  Well worth it!  This will be my first stop when I make it back to Montreal.  The people were very nice and the service was excellent.
4	Great smoked meat sandwich - had the 10 oz version. Ask for juicy/moist as the sandwich is crazy juicy then. I upgraded fries to poutine. Was ok but not stellar. Fries were typical fast food and not high end blanched nor double fried. Service was fast and friendly.
5	Great early morning (6-9)breakfast specialThe food was yummy Omelets my favorite ! The customer service was wonderful!!Management was also respectful and accommodating
5	Amazing food, great atmosphere, great service. Highly recommended. Price is higher but worth every penny.
4	Really enjoyed this place.  Service was terrific.  Food was excellent.  Had the  poutine with smoked meat on top.   Can't compare to other smoked meat places but it tasted great. Big menu offered lots of dinner choices.  Big dinner servings prevented us from ordering dessert. I'd definitely go back again.   Highly recommended.
4	I always take friends and family here, whenever we visit the city. Everyone always loves the steak with mashed potatoes and garden salad. The portion sizes are huge and the price is quite decent. The environment is cute and I never have to wait more than 10 minutes to get a seat.
4	Great sandwiches and desserts. A bit on the expensive side though but worth it none the less. Service is nice and the atmosphere is great. But it's kinda crammed seating. Hard to get up and move out of seats for example. I recommend the dijon chicken strips, obviously the Reubens, and the melt sandwiches. They're all huge portions and to die for. Their frites are kinda meh, like frozen McDonald's style so avoid the poutine and fry sides if possible. But it's hard to even get to the fries when the sandwiches are so huge. Good Montreal spot to visit.
4	Great sandwiches and desserts. A bit on the expensive side though but worth it none the less. Service is nice and the atmosphere is great. But it's kinda crammed seating. Hard to get up and move out of seats for example. I recommend the dijon chicken strips, obviously the Reubens, and the melt sandwiches. They're all huge portions and to die for. Their frites are kinda meh, like frozen McDonald's style so avoid the poutine and fry sides if possible. But it's hard to even get to the fries when the sandwiches are so huge. Good Montreal spot to visit.
5	So after disappointed that Kazu was closed for the rest of July, me and my boyfriend decided to hit up this joint. Who even goes to Montreal for sushi anyways? Smoked meat is where's it's at and Reuben's has it. I've also been to Schwartz before, but this place does the mouth and tummy just right too if you're closer downtown. The sandwiches generally come with coleslaw, a pickle, and fries which were decent. But the sandwich itself is a monster. In taste and portion. Smoked Meat Sandwich (the famous one) :I have no clue how they managed to stuff so much meat in there and still cut it in half.. Now that takes skill. And the meat itself was glooooorious, especially for a meat person like me.  Tuna Melt: This was also really, REALLY good. The cheese just melts on the tuna with a slice of tomato inside, it was just heavenly. The service is also amazing here. You get greeted by beautiful hostesses and our server was lovely and attentive. It is a bit on the pricey side, but it's downtown Montreal so comeon. PS. During our visit, there was an elder woman sitting alone, picking at her plate a piece of chicken at a time. Many of servers seemed very friendly to her so I took it she was a regular. At the end of her meal, the servers all surprised her with a cake on the house because i believe was her birthday. It was one of the cutest things I've seen, and for that this restaurant deserves much more than a 5/5. You guys are amazing!
5	Reuben's is a must on every Montreal visit now. Melt in the mouth meat on great bread with stringy fries.
4	Reuben's is a fun place! It has a huge menu with something for everyone! The service is top notch and the atmosphere is hip and cool. The reuben sandwich is huge and something special to behold. The dijon chicken strips were delicious as well. The only downside is that everything is fairly expensive. So, if you are looking for a budget friendly meal this is not it. But if you are willing to splurge on excellent sandwiches and a fabulous dining experience, this is it!
2	The food was decent. It's the Cheesecake Factory of Montreal. Fries in the poutine were nothing special. Our waiter was extremely rude. He rushed us with the check and once we paid he told us he really needed the table even though we were still finishing our beers.  The experience was less to be desired and would probably never go back.
3	Ate at the bar. Had the NY Steak sandwich. Was pretty good, not great, as it had a considerable amount of gristle. The fries are like old time McDonald's string fries which I loved. Wife and I had a martini each. DO NOT GET A MARTINI AT REUBEN'S! Big glass with less than half filled. A complete and total ripoff. Ruined the meal for us.
4	Rueben's specializes in delicacy typical to my hometown of NYC: smoked meat. It's similar to our pastrami, except that brisket it used leading to a slightly fatty end product. I found it to be lighter and less salty than most New York renditions and must admit I generally prefer this style. The traditional serving is with mustard on rye, where it comes piled mile high (whoops, wrong city). The "small" clocks in at 10 oz while the Big Bang weighs a full pound and towers almost six inches off the plate. You probably shouldn't finish either alone. Other versions include a classic Reuben with sauerkrat and swiss as well as a must try poutine edition. The space resembles sort of a cross between a bar and diner that's suitable for a hefty lunch or casual dinner.Recommended: Famous Super Sandwich, Reuben's Chop-Chop Poutine
4	Decided to have breakfast at Reubens on the first day of my Montreal visit.  I was so impressed with the food and more importantly the service, that I came back on the last day of my visit again to have breakfast.  I have eaten at Reubens many times over the years at lunch and dinner time, but not at breakfast.  That has changed.  The serving was enormous and very tasty.  Had the breakfast sampler on the last day of my stay, 2 strips of bacon, 2 eggs, 2 thin slices of ham, 2 pancakes, toast and coffee for $9.99. I was extremely happy with the breakfast and didnt feel overly guilty eating so much in the morning as it was not too heavy.  My waitress for both days was excellent.   With a friendly demeanor, she showed herself to be comfortable speaking both french and english, which is nice for someone like me who does not have the ability to speak french fluently.  Reubens will now be my regular breakfast stop while in Montreal.
4	Good quality of food in vast quantitiesThink twice before ordering even if you're hungry
5	Smoked meat & poutine in the same place?! How can you not love it already?!They take time with everything on their menu. It's as if they are preparing the I last meal on earth. The delicacy that they serve is just amazing.From their breakfast to their dinner menu. PURE PERFECTION.If it's your first time stopping by I would suggest The Original (Smoked Meat) Sandwich. Did I mention their bakery is really good too? The prices may seem to the expensive side but once you taste the food and experience the service. You'll understand it's fair.
5	One of the best smooked meet sandwiches I have ever had. I would like to request to have it opened in Toronto one day.
2	First off, we read all the reviews and decided to give this place a try during lunch. The location is a bit chaotic and crowded but luckily we made it in just before the lunch rush. We were seated and began by moving our seats again simply out of comfort. We were pushed into a corner and felt awkward. The interior is alright, it's clean and well lit, really unsure what the style or theme is? The floors are atrocious and dirty though! The hostess was quite nice and warm, the waitress on the other hand.. Really rude and uninterested. We ordered our drinks and it came within 15 mins. At this point the lunch rush rolled in....The food was terribly meh, the burger had no flavor at all. I can't fathom the prices for this dive quantity food. Mind you, we ordered cocktails -- half the drink was missing. When we asked why there was so little, she said that's how it comes. No it really isn't. Soda refills aren't free. What? Is that a joke? That is just mind-boggling. Do they realize it costs like 80 cents for the mixture ?! We got water instead. How embarrassing! It took the waitress so much time to bring us the check, my father fell asleep. Truly! I've never felt so uncomfortable and betrayed after spending this much money. I was disgusted to even leave a tip, but felt obligated as a human being. My advice, have better service and more flavorful food. I think the sandwich my mother had (NY Steak) was probably the only liked meal. Again, so overpriced and such a rude staff.
5	Food- All the food was delicious and served to perfection- They were all served at the same time and hotService- No issues with the service- Friendly staff and helpful with the menusAtmosphere- Lunch is not too busy
4	Amazing Deli, really good food and a nice atmosphere. Like it a lot, I visit that spot ever time I'm in Montreal. The food is very delicious (you have to taste the smoked meat) and the stuff is friendly. Like it!!!
4	The smoked meat poutine was amazing. I think the smoked meat at Schwarz is better, but it doesn't have the nicer, more formal ambience and a truly impressive wine list. I had to ask the lovely waitress to bring me back the wine menu so I could write down the name of the wine I ordered because I liked it so much. If you're looking for smoked meat in a very nice sit-down setting, Reuben's is great.
2	Gah, I hate being the odd man out, but my experience at Reuben's could have been better. Maybe it's because I was using it as a point of comparison to Schwartz's (http://www.yelp.com/biz/schwartzs-montr%C3%A9al-2?hrid=Q8flys8gSE-nfufggVNbfA#src:self), but I can't quite say with confidence that a trip to Reuben's is worth going out of your way. Star 1: How were the service and atmosphere?Now, one thing I will say is that Reuben's is designed to funnel large quantities of people even on the busiest of days. You're sitting here in the most touristy part of town, so you're already in the zone for a crowd, but Reuben's will have you seated quickly. The menu? Colossal, and even the most picky eaters will find something that suits them. In my case, the bartender was pleasant and attentive without being overbearing. Star Granted. Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?Sure, my smoked meat sandwich at nearby Schwartz's was half the cost of my $16.00 smoked meat sandwich here at Reuben's, but it was also half the sandwich. Have a look at this beast:http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=OKX-V5j_qfuOebeHeWGrHg&select=PNYh4OrGamAwGQiZsHlyyAThat's easily two sandwiches and two portions of fries. For $16.00? That's fair. Star Granted. Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?And herein came the problem. Reuben's can do it all, as is evident by their menu, but what that often leads to is everything being done not quite to the optimal standard. Case in point was my sandwich, which, to be honest, wasn't all that good. The smoked meat must have been slow cooked in a crock pot as opposed to smoked because the whole thing was so overcooked that it fell apart into a bit of a salty mush. Combined with standard bread, standard, boring fries, and a pickle, and I honestly wasn't too keen to the point where I didn't even finish the meal. Up the quality of the meat, up the quality of the bread, and up the quality of the fries, and you'd have a brilliant sandwich. In the meantime? I wasn't a fan. No Stars Granted. Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?Schwartz's is better head to toe when it comes to smoked meat sandwiches. No Star Granted.
2	Amazing service, beautifully furnished, and affordable for a dinner out for two.But...I'd never had smoked meat and thought it was going to be all of my dreams come true. I was expecting something like pastrami or roast beef, but more flavorful. What we got - both on the house special poutine and the signature sandwich - was lukewarm, slimy, fatty, and completely devoid of texture.I cannot honestly say that I enjoyed my meal. But perhaps smoked meat isn't for me.
3	Quality smoked meat.  Can order lean to fatty.  Why would you order lean?  I shake my head sometimes.Fries are ok, service is good.  Great coleslaw, actually, crisp, cold and tangy.I will return, and you should too when you get the smoked meat craving.
4	We were in town from Austin TX and discovered this place, we ended up eating here 3 times.  The menu is varied and the food excellent!  Soon as I got home went to the local grocery store for some pastrami aka smoked meat. :)
2	Reuben's food was just okay, and certainly not deserving of the hype. The smoked meat in my sandwich was too soft for my taste, almost like it had been boiled an excessive amount of time. Good thing I had a poutine side to fill me up. Wifey got a ribeye steak that was drowned in salt and pepper in a failed attempt to disguise the mediocre quality. Worst of all, the prices were high for the quality served. Do what I should have done - pass.
5	WOW , I am never disappointed here.IF YOU WANT AMAZING SMOKEMEAT , A GREAT EXPERIENCE AND A FAST AND EFFICIENT MEAL -show up at Reuben's.Same owner as Deville --pretty similar experience in another type of restaurant.Good was incredible , I have always took the Big Bang for the last 5 years at this place. Let me tell you that my experience and it's taste has never truly changed. In fact , I think Reuben's has a very underrated smokemeat as compared to other houses in Montreal, I would easily rate it 9/10. The meat was soft and cooked so well that I felt like everything melt in my mouth. Honestly , according to my opinion , the smokemeat is better than the famous Schwartz in Montreal , which I believe is just overrated based on the historical factor. The fries are similar to Deville as they are given in a sharp and thin size seasoned with salt perfect. The salad that came with my plate was juicy --not super great but I liked it so much I still finished it ! Pickles is special --sweet and sour.I can't say too much about the club sandwich that my date took. I had a bite and I can easily tell that it was made out of quality chicken and bacon. The plate is around 15$ and let me be honest , pretty much anyone would be filled up after such a plate. Just a heads up , you will be scared as how big the plate actually is.Service : waiter was fast and efficient . Requested him for two or three of my demands and he served me in no time . Note that we came here around 11pm during the weekend after a hockey game --restaurant was still 3/4 packed , and yet, I did get served properly and I am satisfied . Again, like I said, expect the same level of quality in service as compared to Deville--the owners have done a great job with this restaurant and this is one of the reasons why this place is so popular amongst local and tourists! Last thing , note that your plates will arrive fast, as their team are always prepare and I believe that some stuff are pre-cooked a couple hours before as we have gotten our plates within less than 10 mins.
5	Wonderful service! Food is great and quick. I would return if I'm ever in Montreal again.
4	It's not the best decor but the smoked meat an Reuben sandwiches were big and tasty!  Can't say I loved their famous carrot cake. It was a bit dry and there wasn't enough icing (my personal preference). Still a highly recommend but stick to what one should traditionally order in a deli and don't veer to far away.
5	Best hamburger ever! Juicy, well cooked and delicious The staff very friendly and helpful and if you sit at the end of the row you will be seeing how they prepare the burgers
4	I know the big place for smoked meat is Schwartz's, but it's a little bit out of the way from the main downtown area. We chose to try Reuben's because the location worked a lot better for us. Since it is located near the main shopping area on Rue Sainte-Catherine Ouest, it was super busy when we visited on a Sunday afternoon around 1 PM. Everyone working there seems to speak very good English compared to a lot of places, and I believe that might be because a lot of the patrons are tourists. Although there were a lot of people inside, they moved through the queue pretty quickly, and it didn't feel like we had to wait more than 10 minutes to be seated in a booth.Our waitress was super nice and friendly, and came around at regular intervals to check if we needed drink refills or wanted any water. Between three people, we ordered the Original Reuben Sandwich ($15.99), the Turkey Melt ($13.99), and the Chop-Chop Poutine ($9.49). The prices are considered pretty high for lunch, but the portions you get are SO HUGE. The Reuben sandwich comes with 1/2 lb. of smoked meat inside! We were all incredibly stuffed after our meal. We all enjoyed the Reuben sandwich and agreed that the smoked meat was great, it was moist, flavourful, and very hearty and filling. The turkey melt on the other hand was just okay though, the turkey was actually a little bit dry and I wasn't as impressed with it. The poutine was fantastic though. It comes topped with cheese curds as usual but also with chunks of smoked meat brisket, which really add another level of flavour to the poutine overall. The saltiness of the meat mixes so well with the cheese and gravy... so so delicious. Poutine + smoked meat, it's like killing two birds with one stone... it just doesn't get any more authentic Montreal than this! I will say that by the end of it, it started to feel a little bit too salty though. But overall I still thoroughly enjoyed the poutine and would recommend trying it if you are at Reuben's!I thought the decor was also really cute. It's got kind of an old school diner vibe, albeit much shinier and in a much more commercialized way. It's pretty big and spacious though, and you will feel comfortable while eating there. Although I still want to give Schwartz's a try, I can attest that you won't go wrong by choosing to eat at Reuben's. The smoked meat is great, the service is great, and the environment is great!
5	Tasty poutine .. Loved their smoked beef always busy which is always a good sign .. Lovely atmosphere and friendly staff.. Would definitely come back again! But maybe on a less busy day of the year! Tip.. Try their Caesar salad it's fresh and full of flavours!
5	Yelp told me that there were two places to get the best smoked meat in Montreal:  Reuben's and Schwartz's.  My friends and I happened to pass by Schwartz's on our way back to the hotel and the line was down the street - we just knew it wasn't going to happen, so we decided to check out Reuben's.  Thankfully, this story has a happy and delicious ending because Reuben's was freaking fantastic!My boyfriend and I decided to split the smoked meat poutine and the Famous Super Sandwich (smoked meat EVERYWHERE!!!!).  I honestly couldn't have asked for more.  The poutine was the best I'd had while in Montreal (and believe me, I tried it at several places...for science!) - the gravy was flavorful and hot, the cheese curds were like little mountains, and the smoked meat was piled high.  It was heaven!The smoked meat sammie was also delicious.  The smoked meat was plentiful, the rye bread made for some tasty bookends, and the mustard was perfection.  Excellent meal right here...just so good.Service was great, food was awesome, the restaurant was clean as can be.  If you're in the area, definitely check Reuben's out!
