4	Afternoon tea in the Four Season Hotel, Monday-Thursday 3-5pm.  Scones with devonshire cream, strawberry preserves and lemon curd.  The scones are small, silver dollar sized and so flaky and you can ask for more.  The wait staff's attention to detail is very good, I wore black slacks, they gave me a black linen napkin instead of the usual white, so there wouldn't be lint on my pants.  4 different  tea sandwiches and 4 different desserts on a tiered serving dish.  Each person gets their own choice of tea.  Around $30. Beautiful atmosphere in the Verandah, both dining inside and out, next to the pool.  Downstairs from the main lobby.Four Seasons hotel is attached to the Mandalay Bay Hotel
3	Four stars for Lunch and Two for dinner for an average of three.Don't be confused by the location, this "restaurant" is really an over priced hotel cafe.  The Lunch is very tasty and a nice change from most Vegas lunches.  At dinner, however, the kitchen deludes itself into believing that it is a top rate dining establishment.  If this place would realize that it is what it is, I am sure it could be a great all around cafe.  One thing that the Strip is definitely missing.
3	I just returned from one of the most overpriced lunches ever.  it was at the verandah at the four seasons hotel, which is also located in the mandalay bay resort.  the hotel has a private entrance away from the main entrance of the mandalay.  It does continue on with that slightly tropical, slightly Asia and beautiful resort dcor from the mandalay. theme.  there was indoor and outdoor seating available overlooking the pool.  the tables and chairs were of rattan amidst the wood tones around the restaurant.   We started with tuna sampler of tuna tartare (ahi poke), blackened sashimi (seared tuna) and spicy tuna maki roll (spicy tuna roll)...good but unimpressive.  We also had the tasty and crispy crab cakes on a jicama-green papaya-mango slaw (this is a definite recommendation...i just love that slaw).   my friend had the original san francisco crab louis, which was loaded with hella lumps of crab meat.  i had the nioise Salad with grilled hawaiian rare tuna (these were meaty bastards that resembled slightly rare steak with a shiny sheen under different lights), haricot vert, roasted potatoes, cherry tomatoes, capers, and big chunks of red and green olives sprayed with vinager.   We also ordered garlic and parmesan fries, sweet potato fries, which both needed a better dip than ketchup.  (note the sweet potato fry comment on my pop's review...totally better over at pop's.)  my friend could not stop raving about the macaroni and cheese (sounds like somebody else out there...Ed M.)  and wholly crap!!!  it was damn good, in fact i took some back to the office and eating it right now.  this cheese is just extremely creamy, but what I love about it is the garlic toast sprinkles all over the top.  when you mix it all up, every bite you'll taste the creamy buttery cheese, the  softness of the macaroni, crunchy little bits scattered throughout.  we did finish it off with the mini eskimos, roasted nuts and dark chocolate covered vanilla ice cream bars on a stick.  i had to have two!!!if i could i would like to give this place 3 and a half stars.  i mean the mini eskimos and crab cakes were good.  i ordered the nicoise salad  because it looked and tasted good, plus i didn't see anything appetizing in the entree section.  it is a good thing b/c i probably wouldnt have had the chance to try the mac and cheese and fries.  both items were side dishes, and they were happy to whip us up an order.  i would like to return here for afternoon tea and then add some more insight to this place...till then...
5	As a college student I definetly couldn't afford to eat dinner at this excellent but expensive restaurant. I was lucky enough to be invited to dinner by a friend of mine, whose parents were in town and were staying at the Four Seasons.  I loved the ambiance the wait staff was professional, courteous, and attentive and provided the level of service you would expect from a luxury hotel restaurant. I think what's unique about this restaurant is that you can have any dish in an appetizer size or an entree size, and the dish is priced accordingly. I had the clam linguini, appetizer size and it was delicous the white wine sauce was superb along with the pasta, freshly chopped tomatoes, and clams.  Verandah also serves excellent bread while you wait for your meal. If you have an expense account, I highly recommend this restaurant.
4	Verandah is always a lunch stop when I'm in Vegas. The restaurant itself is nice, with a patio overlooking the pool area. I like that the restaurant is quiet, a nice change of pace from the typical noise of a casino restaurant. The only thing I order here is the burger. It is cooked exactly to order, juicy even if you have the nerve to order it well done. The truffle oil fries are good, though I must admit that I've had better. But overall, one of the best burgers to be had. The chicken noodle soup is also good, very homemade tasting. The ice tea ice cubes are really cool the first time you see them and useful too. Makes you wonder why more restaurants don't do it.
4	The Verandah is Four Season's version of a hotel cafe. It serves breakfast, lunch and dinner daily. I've eaten there for breakfast. The breakfast menu offers simple American favorites - pancakes, French toast, waffles, hash - plus a couple of ethnic dishes, such as huevos rancheros. Lunch gets a little more ambitious, and at dinner time the menu switches to an Italian theme.**The AtmosphereColors are mostly a range of browns, with lots of wood. Seating is available both indoors and outdoors; while I sat indoors, outdoor seating looked very nice. Overall, the atmosphere was pleasant and relaxed.Service was friendly and efficient. I can't describe this very well, but I had a good feeling about the restaurant. Everything just worked smoothly.**The MealI chose an often recommend dish: corned beef and pastrami hash, two eggs, and crisp potatoes. It started out with a layer of finely shredded potatoes - actually more like thin spaghetti than shreds - fried crisp. Next, a thick layer of hash. Lastly, two eggs, any style; I chose scrambled.The hash consisted of a thick layer of finely minced corned beef and pastrami. It was delicious; somehow I managed to finish the gargantuan portion. The crunchy potatoes shreds were an excellent foil to the smooth hash, although they were a challenge to get onto my fork. The only disappointing item was the eggs. They were overly firm and lacking in character. However, that's a minor quibble. I would recommend this dish to anyone.I also ordered a latte. It came with a small biscuit that was a cross between pistachio biscotti and shortbread. Slightly sweet, it was a good foil to the coffee.**SummaryAfter only one meal, I'm ready to place The Verandah on my list of top breakfast spots. Its menu doesn't appeal to me as much as that at my top choice - Bouchon - and the overall feel of the place also isn't quite as inviting, but the combination of excellent food, good service, and pleasing atmosphere make it a winner.**The BillThe meal was $21, plus tax and tip.
5	One of the best meals that I have had in Vegas.  The server, Michael, was great and the food was fantastic.  We first had a winter risotto that we shared among all four of us.  It had asparagus, mushrooms, a few different cheeses, etc.  I had the Chilean Sea Bass, which came with crispy gnocchi, mushrooms, tomatoes and a lobster sauce.  It was so good.  Two of my friends got the tenderloin and another friend tried the crab-crusted scallops.  Everything was amazing.  We also got two desserts, which was actually one too many.  Also, for one friend's brithday, they had given us a little chocolate cake.  Everything was perfect.
4	A group of us visited Las Vegas for a friend's birthday in August 2007 and, since they were staying in the Mandalay Bay, his big birthday dinner was held here.The dinner itself was nice, if a tad pricey, which is to be expected of The Four Seasons, I suppose.  The real star of the evening, though, was the drinks, particularly this drink called the Desert Rose that consisted of Belvedere Citrus vodka and hibiscus syrup.  Absolutely delicious and hands down, one of the best drinks I've ever had.On an aside, I had written down the ingredients for the Desert Rose, but accidentally misplaced them.  I e-mailed the Four Seasons and within a few days, they had e-mailed me not only the ingredients, but the directions on how to make the drink.  This is stellar service and it was much appreciated.While I probably wouldn't make this a regular place to visit for dinner, I could see coming here for drinks or special occasions.
4	We ate here twice during our last trip to vegas, once for lunch and once for dinner. The menu was really interesting, the service was good, and the price was reasonable for a fancy place. The patio outside is really nice on a nice day.Overall the food was really tasty. The only reason it didn't get 5 stars is that I got the blackened fish tacos for lunch and they really weren't very good. Kinda fishy and otherwise flavorless.
4	As far as Vegas dining goes, this is one of the most pleasant experiences you can have. Lightyears different from any other strip and casino restaurant, Verandah provides a beautiful, calm and relaxing dining atmosphere. This is the place to go if you want to get away from your typical Vegas scene. Verandah has both indoor and outdoor seating. The indoor seating almost reminds me an island resort's restaurant... and the outdoor seating is beatiful and relaxing by the Four Season's quiet pool. The place has a Mediterranean garden feel to it which is really wonderful. Their food is a bit mediocre as far as Four Seasons dining goes but absolutely always hits the spot with a nice array of salads, sandwiches and other usual hotel restaurants offerings. I must recommend their Arnold Palmer - don't know what makes it so good but its a must try!
5	GREAT SERVICE, GREAT PRICE, GREAT SETTING========================================The service is superb (what else would you expect from the Four Season?). We were sat promptly on the verandah overlooking the garden and pool. The chairs and tables were comfortable. The staff were excellent, helpful, prompt and proactive. The food was great. The brunch buffet was amazing (they even hand make mini donuts to order). The fresh juices tasty and refreshing. Verandah has the kind of "can and will do service" that you'll be highly satisfied with. Also, you won't even feel like you're in Las Vegas the minute you enter the property yet it's right next door to the Mandalay Bay Hotel.
4	When my friends told me they were taking me to the 4 Seasons for breakfast I thought they were kidding. A 4 Seasons, on the strip? Who knew? A completely surprising and wonderful experience. Be sure to have the Huevos Rancheros! The red sauce they prepare is so rich and creamy it would be probably make a fun dinner ice cream! I do ding them for using jarred salsa.. I'm sure that most of the cooks in the back have awesome salsa recipes.. the chef needs to hit them up, seriously! Also a ding on the so so pastry basket.. come on now.. this is the 4 Seasons.. I bet they could bring something better in than what they currently serve.In all the chaos and drama on the strip this is one of the most secluded feeling and comfortable escapes. I look forward to coming back soon!
5	This was a most pleasant experience - class act all the way. It was crowded, but the hostess was able to find seating pretty quickly. We got to sit on the patio and it was a perfect setting...next to the pool. They started out with a bread/cracker basket with a wonderful white bean dip. The dip was so good we had to order seconds. We had a scrumptious salad. Normally I dislike blue cheese because it is a "strong" cheese; however, this salad had such a good combination of textures and flavors. The ice tea was spectacular as the ice cubes were made from ice tea. The sweet potato fries had just the right combination of sweetness and saltiness. Service was very good and very friendly. Overall, a very relaxing, pleasant visit.
3	Good NOT great.  I had dinner here with several of my coworkers.   I opted for the Chilean Seabass, it was good, not great!  I was almost going to say it was OKAY but I think it might be better than okay.  The service however is fantastic and the atmosphere superb!  We all sat outside to dine and it was very nice, very relaxing.  I would return perhaps to have lunch or breakfast but for the money, there are way too many options in Vegas for dinner and this would not be my first choice.
4	Usually when I'm here, I get a table for one since I have work to do and they always put me in what I call "singles row." They seem to seat all the parties of 1 in the middle of the restaurant where there's a bench seating area with single tables. Fair enough.I especially like having lunch here. I try to get in one lunch per visit, just for this reason alone: ice tea ice cubes. Yes, just like Bonjour Cafe does with their ice coffee w/coffee ice cubes (http://www.yelp.com/biz/bonjour-french-pastry-gardena), this Four Seasons doesn't dilute their ice tea with regular ol' water ice cubes. Bah. That's for amateurs. Here, they bring you a glass filled with ice tea cubes and then pour in the hot ice tea, so you get full concentration and no dilution of a caffeine buzz.Their soups, salads and sandwiches are always nice. And if it's a nice day out, you can eat al fresco. Apparently, them changing out by white napkin for a black one because I was wearing black slacks was a big deal, because DK asked what the heck they were doing. I thought it was pretty common, but I guess not. Or maybe I've just been frequenting restaurants where they care about you not walking out looking like a doofus with white lint all over your white pants.This is the only Four Seasons I know of that has the ice tea cubes. So don't blame me if you go to another Four Seasons asking for this and they look at you all crazy-like.
5	Service: ExcellentFood: First ClassPrice: ExpensiveAtmosphere: A Great Break from the action on the stripLunch meeting, 3 hours long! We had a great time, great service, great food, the seafood bento box was to die for. Freshest seafood on the strip!If you want a little bit of a break from all the action this is a must stop.
3	Tonight, five of us dined at Verandah.  This is usually one of my favorite places to dine since it seems like it is miles away from the strip.  The food is great yet a little expensive. I guess that is to be expected since it is the Four Seasons Hotel.One of the reasons I like Verandah is because they are on OpenTable.com. That usually makes it very easy to have a space reserved between classes at the conference. Sometimes lunch time during a conference with 20,000 people can be a challenge. Open Table reservations make that challenge easy to overcome.But tonight the hostess did not credit my Open Table reservation. Instead she canceled it. I tried to explain to her that I did not cancel my reservation we just came an hour early since one member of our party had to get to the airport. It became difficult for something that should have been so easy. While the food was good, and the service was good, the experience was a little frustrating. However, I will give them a chance to make it better next time.
1	I would expect a certain level of quality and service from any Four Seasons.  Verandah did not live up to the standards of a Denny's.
5	This is the restaurant at the four Four Seasons.  It's lovely - food is delicious.  The outdoor verandah is really nice and calm.  Highly recommended.
5	Awesome lunch spot!! good food fast service beautiful restaurant
4	The most salient feature of Verandah is that it partakes of the entire Four Seasons Las Vegas "oasis" atmosphere we enjoyed during a recent stay (q.v.): a million miles from the casinos and their showplace (and not-so-showplace) restaurants while being a corridor away.  Restaurant is thoroughly kid-friendly while not for a second compromising adults' menu choices; also Four Seasons-standard.We had breakfast here each day and it was consistent and enjoyable, including both the a la carte menu and the buffet.  Highlights of the buffet on the day I ate include salmon and crab at the omelet bar and a donut bar!We had lunch once and it was, for the price especially, remarkable.  The trio of tuna is great, and useful especially as a light lunch if you're going on to something big that night, and we also enjoyed the crab salad.Finally, we had a nice pre-fix group dinner there one night.  Some quite creative items as well as a centerpiece meat and fish dishes that were tasty, just the right size in portion, and otherwise fully on target.  Nothing that really leaped out and demanded your attention to the extent that a fifth star would be in order, though.
4	A brunch at Verandah feels much like a brunch in a southeast asian resort.  With palm trees swaying gently overhead, and the predominance in southeast asian servers, with white stones and thatched dark wood elements, it quickly makes one forget that one is in north america at all.While pricey, it's not to be unexpected.  My hash browns, eggs benedict, iced tea, orange juice, bacon and coffee were all to my liking.  As well as the champagne as appertif.I honestly enjoyed relaxing out in the sun inordinately well.  When one does the math, heading out to LV instead of say, Bintan island, really is more cost effective...  Sort of.
4	I love the atmosphere of the Four Seasons, it really feels like a home away from home, if my home was more fabulous. I've had both breakfast and lunch here. Breakfast was a better experience for me. The coffee is the best I've had in Vegas, and served in a french press.  My only disappointment with my lunch time experience is that my sirlion burger was overcooked. The truffle parmesan french fries were tasty and served in a little cone (which I knocked over repeatedly)
4	I think this is the coffee shop at the Four Seasons Hotel.  I just had dinner there last night after a late flight.  The food was excellent and the wait staff were very helpful.  The place is wicked expensive though so be prepared-dinner ran about $100/person.  I'd come back but I'll have to work a little to be able to afford it first.  I guess you can't really expect anything to be inexpensive at a Four Seasons, can you.
4	I love the ambience of this restaurant.  I give the ambience 5/5 stars.  The service is good and the food is also well done.  I've eaten here twice and have not been disappointed.  This is a perfect place for breakfast and lunch and sitting outside on the patio to have some fresh air. The only complaint I have is: $5 for a cup of regular coffee?
5	The atmosphere here at the Four Seasons is absolute paradise. As son as you walk outside to the patio area,  you are taken in by the palm trees, beautiful view of the pool, and super comfy couches you can lounge on while much on something totally amazing. The staff is more than happy to do whatever they have to make you happy - even if that means refilling your fresh squeezed lemonade glass a zillion times. Although the food is a bit pricey ($19 for a sandwich and $6 for a lemonade) it is light and refreshing. I opted for the shrimp and lobster salad on wheat bread with salad and sweet potato fries on the side. Very delicious.
3	$5.50 for a cup of coffee! Jeremy ordered a double espresso & that was $7.50. I've learned to ask for prices in the future.I can't believe that it's categorized under casual restaurants. The food ok & the service isn't great. However, I think our server may had too many tables to look after. I don't think we'll be coming back.The nice thing was that they split our burger order though. :)
4	Great place to relax and enjoy a pleasant meal.  My wife and I often visit this restaurant on the weekends for lunch.  I recommend you sit outside and enjoy the pool view and atmosphere.  The drink menu is awesome and the menu is great.
3	We went to Verandah for a weekday brunch.Ambiance was excellent. The background music was soothing and subtle. The price was OK for a restaurant in Four Season's Hotel, but the food was disappointing. We had Healthy Breakfast or something, which consisted of 4 tiny plates with granola, oatmeal, muffin and fruits. Besides it was such a small portion, it did not taste great. Basically everything was just the same as you get for your breakfast in your kitchen every day.I am a brunch lover, so I was disappointed :(
4	With an estimated group of 14 and no reservations for brunch on Father's Day, I pressed my luck and went to Verandah first to see if they could accommodate us. Behold my Vegas luck, someone with a group of 14 canceled and we would have a nice semi-private room for our group. Only downside would be that it would be inside. If you have a semi-small group or don't mind waiting, I'd recommend trying to get seated outside on a nice day. It's right next to the Four Seasons pool and seems very relaxing. Some people in our group ordered a la crate and some got the brunch buffet. Two most impressive contraptions of the meal: the Donut Robot and the fresh peanut butter maker. The donut robot makes donuts by itself and the only need for a human being is to dip the donuts into toppings (but I'd recommend just trying a plain donut fresh). They had an omelette station that had both crab and lobster meat. Traditional breakfast buffet fare including frittatas, bread pudding, lots of fruits and pastries, etc... They also had fresh squeezed juices. I guess the only negative was the cost. +$40 for the brunch buffet after tax/tip. Being in the Four Seasons hotel, I guess this is to be expected. However, still a reason for a dock of a star. I haven't really eaten at the other casino buffets for breakfast/brunch, so I can't really compare. But I'm fairly certain they're less expensive and might even offer more fare.
5	This review is only on the afternoon tea.  This is, hands down, my personal favorite place to get afternoon tea.  Why?  First off, this place is located in the Four Seasons (self-explanatory).  Second, due to the location of the Four Seasons (it is at the end of the strip) it is a more secluded hotel, and this restaurant is at the corner of the hotel thus making it a nice quiet spot from all the hustling and bustling of Las Vegas.  And lastly, the service as well as all the other desserts and sandwiches are simply top notch.  For example, even though there is an actual reason you need to reserve a spot in advance as they only make enough for the people coming, the staff was nice enough to place an extra order of scones for us to take to go.  They even packed extra jam and devonshire cream after we inquired as to whether or not they sell their jam to the public (which they don't or at least not at this location).  Furthermore, they have a medium size list of teas available, which is more than enough for me as I tend to stick with black tea when I do afternoon teas.  As for the other desserts they got the usual salmon sandwich, vege sandwich, chocolate cake, et cetera...  And yes this place is kind of pricey but really you are in Vegas and in a Four Seasons hotel at that to boot.  Definitely my favorite place for afternoon tea.  I always try to at least go every time I go to Vegas but I think their afternoon tea is only on weekdays so call ahead and make your reservation before you go.
4	Very cute place.. This review is for Dinner.Dinner menu online wasnt the same as What i sawWhen I first sat down, I was a little overwhelmed with the menu. I didn't what to order in a sense, so I asked the waitress for her favorites. I had a glass of Yellow label, he had a glass of Rosso. I never ever drink red, but his red wine was so smooth with a touch of fruity taste in the end. At first, it smelled to oaky for me, but as soon as i sipped it, it was deliciousBruchetta - I liked the eggplant bruchetta more than the classic tomatoes capresse - OOOH so good, one of my favorites! The mozzarella was light and it complimented the tomatoes very well Carpaccio -  oh man, i really really enjoyed this dish. The chef is a genius for including arugulas into this dish! YUMEntrees: Lampchop : it was very dry :/ my least favorite.. it also came with lots of beans?Linguine with pesto : it was delicious but very heavy!Meatballs: it was okay.. Overall, i really enjoyed their appetizers more than their entrees.
3	Brunch on a sunny Saturday in Vegas?Verandah at The Four Seasons made us forget we were in Vegas.  The ambiance was great, and the room was beautiful both inside and outside.  We choose to sit outdoors and the view was nice, beautiful trees and their pool in the background.We were in town in part for a John Mayer concert, and the music they were playing was, well, John Mayer.  If that's your kind of thing it was a nice soothing brunch soundtrack.We read good things about the brunch buffet, so decided to give it a try.  Everything about Verandah was memorable... except the food.  The buffet selection wasn't special in Vegas terms.  The mini donut station was my favorite part.We loved the room, ambiance, location, however the buffet just didn't do it for us.
3	Had to meet a client here for a quick cocktail before dinner. Being in the Four Seasons, it's a very quiet location; perfect for uninterrupted discussions. The service was excellent; our waiter was constantly available without being a nuisance.
4	When choosing a brunch buffet spot do you go for quality or quantity ? In Vegas I feel like I should get both - a huge buffet with insanely tasty items. How hard can it be, right? Their brunch buffet is tiny - think your standard nice hotel breakfast buffet in any other city. The quality is great, but in my mind not great enough to make up for the lack of options. The donuts are fab (I served these at my wedding!) and the other highlight for me was the beautiful cups of fresh fruit. They were tiny, but it's a buffet - so sue me if I can eat 4 baby cups of berries :) I've also been for breakfast (a la carte) and dinner. The setting is beautiful by the pool, but the service is hit or miss. Great martinis, great food in general but nothing "special". The food here is hardly inventive, gourmet, or interesting but it's solid - and that should count for something ! In summary, I prefer the breakfast a la carte to the tiny buffet. The dinner here is great - far better than Charlie Palmer next door.
4	Quite possibly the best breakfast for the Vegas visitor.Sometimes you need to get away from the gaming and facade that is the city.  Take the time to visit the Verandah at the Four Seasons. The weekend breakfast buffet is well worth it. Quality over quantity.  This is not the half mile long 200 choice buffet that is so common in Vegas.  There are handful of selections made continuously in small quantities.  As a result everything is at the proper temperature and texture.  The donut station is a must visit.  Its what brought me to the restaurant in the first place!If a buffet is not for you, the Corned-Beef and Pastrami hash is the BEST hash I have ever had.  Worth the hour or so of serenity in this amusement park of a city.
4	This is simply the best outdoor place to eat in Vegas....the decor is relaxing, fresh, pool side, green, so soothing!! This is the best breakfast/brunch in Vegas! The LOX bagel are great as well.The lunch caprese appetizer is the best caprese that I have ever had!! And I had many of them!! The fig appetizer was super delicious as well and light, love it!!The service is quite possibly the slowest I have ever experienced...and I ate there couple times...too bad!
3	$10+ for oatmeal w/fruit?  Really?  Yes.  It does come with a generous portion of milk.  The oatmeal condiments were nicely served on a rectangular plate:  a perfect cube of brown sugar, a dash of cinnamon and a pile of currants.  Fresh fruit choices were mixed berries or banana.Service was good, restaurant was drafty.
5	*** Breakfast review ***Simple formula for the 5 star review here --- superb setting and a legendary huevos rancheros. As someone said -- "This is simply the best outdoor place to eat in Vegas....the decor is relaxing, fresh, pool side, green, so soothing!!"Indeed. So relaxing, fresh, clean, quiet --- a stark contrast to the rest of Vegas.The coffee was perfect and I am a picky coffee person. Service was good and not in your face at all. But the best part was the main.Huevos rancheros. A relatively straightforward dish. Made differently at a lot of places. But this sets the standard. The plate came out piping hot, the flavors mixed together so well, and the presentation was superb.Let me put it this way --- I eat out a LOT and am blessed to try some amazing places. I rarely have something I remember vividly later. The duck at the Modern in NYC, the cashew chicken at Ryutenmon Tokyo, the sushi at Kaygetsu here in in Menlo Park --- and now the huevos rancheros at Verandah Vegas. Well done guys, thank you for a great meal.
4	We came here for Brunch on a Saturday with a rather large party.  When I looked at the menu I didn't see anything that stood out.  It featured typical salads, sandwiches etc...I ordered the Chicken Panini and It was probably the best damn sandwich I have ever had! Everything was extremely fresh and had a sassy flair to it.The wait staff were extremely attentive and even offered to take pictures of all of us!
5	Service 5/5Atmosphere 5/5--indoor private roomStarter:Land & Sea Slider 5/5Fritto Misto 5/5--lightly batteredTuna Sampler 5/5--very fresh even in the middle of the desertMain:Seafood Mac-n-Cheese 5/5Drinks:Peach Palmer 5/5Benvolio Pinot Grigio 5/5
5	On my most recent trip to Vegas, I had the pleasure of having breakfast once again at Verandah at the Four Seasons Hotel.My mission:  To order the wonderful and flavorful corned beef and pastrami hash I ate on my last visit in '08.  My friend and I made reservations just to be on the safe side, I mean who knows how busy a restaurant may or may not be on Sunday morning (hint:  don't worry if you DIDN'T make reservations for Sunday breakfast).  At first I thought we were going to be late because Las Vegas Blvd was closed for the marathon and so the police were diverting traffic elsewhere, in this case we made a u-turn and went back in the opposite direction we came from.Thankfully we made it on time to for our 8am reservation.  One of the best things I've come to appreciate about Verandah is its location AWAY from the hustle and bustle of the Strip.  Since there isn't a casino in the Four Seasons, guests and visitors alike can enjoy the peace and serenity this restaurant has to offer.  And besides this tranquility, their service is just simply impeccable as well.  Everyone from the hostess to the servers make you feel very welcome and treat you like you're one of the Ocean's 11.But now let's talk about the most important meal of the day:  Breakfast.Although there were other items on the menu that seemed appealing, as well as the buffet, we didn't deter from our mission and ordered our corned beef and pastrami hash.  Well, good things come to those who wait and this certainly was well worth waiting for.  Simply put:  One of the best breakfast meals I've ever had.Bottom Line:  Peaceful.  Quiet.  Great Service.  Fantastic Breakfast.
5	Forget you are in Vegas and slip away... to the Verandah !! This is tucked on the Strip but you feel a few thousand miles away ! Had Breakfast outside with the palms! Service was a 5 star.. not too pushy, just available, kept water glasses filled and checked in when needed. Had the Lox plate which is excellent, good portion size, fresh coffee served in a carafe left at the table. It was quiet and very relaxing ! Would definitely recommend this if you are looking for a quiet elegant or even romantic breakfast away from the bustle of the Strip !
5	I came here after 5 hours at Spa Mandalay. The spa only had a basket of bananas and apples, some juice and water, and I hadn't eaten breakfast. Needless to say, I was flippin starving, and when I'm that hungry, I never know what I want because nothing sounds good enough. So I decided that after my spa treatment, to treat myself further by visiting the very near and very posh Four Seasons Hotel. I stopped by the concierge desk at the Mandalay Bay (where I was staying) and asked if there was anything she could recommend me at the Four Seasons and she directed me to Verandah.Let me just say, that this was the best solitary lunch I've ever had. It was a beautiful, crisp, January afternoon and I chose to sit outside and have lunch with my Cavalli sunglasses on. Having no reservations, I requested a table for 1, but before I was even taken to my table, I was offered a newspaper for reading. I opted for my British Elle magazine instead.I ordered a sparkling water with lime, and it came out with a varietal bread basket along with some pure olive oil the waiter walks around with in a fancy little pourer. Personally, I think the bread basket is an indicator of how nice a restaurant is, and this was no exception. Wanting to present myself as a posh customer, I forwent most of it, and proceeded to order the Italian Wedge Salad. I love wedge salads, it sets the scene for a high-end power lunch. For my main lunch course, I went with one of the restaurant's signature dish, the "Christina" Panini that had pesto chicken, onion jam, basil mayo, tomatoes, and provolone, with a small side broccoli salad. Service was expectedly impeccable, because they brought out the check almost immediately after I mentioned I had an appointment in half an hour (an appointment with the Lion King matinee showing!).I sat there for an hour reading my magazine, enjoying the sun and solitude, noshing on $30 worth of wedge salad and chicken panini and it was fabulous. Definitely keeping this place my own secret Vegas hiding place, and coming back for their afternoon tea which you have to reserve a day in advance and is only available on the weekdays.After a long night of drinking and gambling, an early spa treatment is in order, and after, a quiet lunch at the Verandah followed by an early matinee show of the Lion King really puts you back in the mood to hit the town again!
5	Great new happy hour 4 to 7.$5 drinks and $5  for tapas, Loved it, the food was great and service was wonderful.  We will go back for dinner.  We have been there for lunch but had never been in the evening. Easy access from the strip.  Great deal and great location
5	I mean its the Four Seasons.  Need I say more?OK, if you insist.We made reservations, but didn't need them, there was plenty of available seating.  The place has that "undiscovered" feel to it.  It's probably because of it's location, I don't know how much traffic they get.  But getting there was a breeze, pulled up to valet, turn to the left and a short 20-yard walk and voila!I will absolutely come back in the summer when the stunning patio is open for diners.  That was the only disappointment.  But the interior is also lovely, and broken up a bit by sheers and dividers.I think our sunday breakfast came out to $35/ea...I don't know, I don't care.  It was culinary pampering.  Exquisite, white glove service, insanely good coffee and delicious breakfast options.  They make custom blend fruit juice, i think ours was peach mango OJ or something...outstanding.As usual, you get what you pay for.  Enjoy!  :-)
5	Arrived here on the morning of 10.10.10 to have brunch as the Bride-To-Be with my Best Ladies, my Mother and soon-to-be Mother-in-Law on the day of my wedding in Las Vegas.  Simply amazing.  The service was top notch, the food options were plentiful, the servings were tiny( (i have a lap band & a tight wedding gown to slide into) which allowed us to sample a little taste of everything.  The ambiance was perfect.  We enjoyed a bit of sunshine out on the pool while waiting for people to meet us.  The bill was steep, but this type of meal and day only happen one in a life time.  I highly recommend anyone visiting Las Vegas to make a date for brunch @ The Vernadah - it does not disappoint!  I only wish I could eat brunch there everyday.  Delicious!
5	We had dinner at the verandah and I think I have found my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. I had the pre fix which was $39 for 3 courses. The asparagus hand made pasta with Ed sauce and Italian sausage was incredible. Just writing about it makes me want more. My friend had the osso buck and swore it was the best he has ever had. Before we left we were already planning our next trip back.
5	Amazing.Underline it.  Highlight it.  Bold it.Just amazing!In my entire life I have never received such amazing service.  The waitstaff do an incredible job of making you feel like you're a celebrity.  And the food... to die for!  I can't really recommend any one thing since it is all very, very good.  However, a word of caution... don't fill up and skip dessert (the handmade donuts are unbelievable).  I was here in December and had (I think his name was) Jonathon.  He should win an award for waiting tables... yes folks, he's that good.  The whole restaurant is that good really.  If you come to Vegas and you don't go here you've seriously missed out.
4	Had brunch here our first morning/afternoon in Vegas. The atmosphere is everything you imagine a restaurant at the Four Seasons would be. Quiet. Breezy. Elite. I had a couple of eggs and bacon with hashbrowns, and found it to be pretty delicious. My husband had the Huevos Rancheros. It came with a large sausage and a whole lot of cheese. It must have been tasty because he didn't speak much. We sat out on the patio for our meal, and it was really nice to get away from the hustle and bustle of the cars zooming by on the Strip. It's kind of like a tropical retreat hidden inside a neon jungle.
4	After all the drinking, gambling, bright lights and pounding music on The Strip, afternoon tea at the Four Season's Verandah is just what we needed. The place is so lovely, quiet and relaxing it's almost like not being in Vegas at all (which sometimes is a good thing.)We opted to have champagne with our tea (why stop drinking now?) and chose the Organic Assam tea which was amazing! Also amazing are the scones, with and without currants. Super light and delicious. The sandwiches (there are four) are all good, but only the smoked turkey stood out to me. We were sadly underwhelmed by the desserts. I think the mango tart was the best of the bunch.Service is fabulous - unobtrusive while still being attentive.
2	Horrible service, definitely not up to Four Seasons standards!! We stopped in here for a light lunch before a meeting. The place was virtually empty on a Wednesday afternoon at 3pm. The three of us ordered the same thing- Grilled Cheese Sandwich with soup combo. Presentation is nice, but the rest is pretty funny.... 1/2 a grilled cheese sandwich with the crusts cut off (I guess that is fancier?!) and the SMALLEST saucer of soup you have ever seen ..... you know those saucers they put your hot mustard sauce in at any Chinese restaurant?? ... well, that's what the soup comes in!!!!!!! seriously. All this for $17.00. The sandwich and soup were both good... like I said we wanted a light lunch and it was sure 'light'. So the problem came when my friend took a piece of bread from the roll they gave us and found a very LONG hair baked into the bread. GROSS. We called over the waitress and showed it to her. She apologized and took it away. It was clearly baked in the bread. Unfortunately, the waitress seemed 'annoyed' at us... like it was our fault!! She didn't take the rest of the loaf away.. she leaves it there like we are going to eat more from it!? We had to ask her to get us a fresh loaf of bread... after that she wasn't very attentive for the rest of our meal. I guess we were the problem... so demanding.At the end of our meal she brought out 2 mini cupcakes for us to share for 'our trouble'. TACKY. Our bill was $83 (including tip) for 3 half grilled cheese sandwiches with tiny cups of soup, 3 beverages and 1 LONG piece of hair. Oh, beverages are a rip too. $5 for coffee, ice tea or a diet coke which they serve out of the can at your table.......oh now that's fancy.
4	LOVELY!What a wonderful setting to enjoy a meal.  The Scene... contemporary... a tad intimate but not romantic... upscale restaurant to enjoy a meal.It was a bit busy today (Sunday around noon) for brunch/lunch... and Everyone wanted to sit outside... so we opted (since we were hungry) to sit inside.  Really wanted to sit outside... but... next time.The Brunch... if you opt for the Buffet... it's $35 and includes tea, coffee and juice... we were not that hungry... so we ordered off the a la carte menu.  The buffet is lovely but not Huge and Overwhelming like other hotel buffets.  In fact, from the aromas and the entrees I saw... it looked very appealing and the omelet station was very nice where you can have custom omelets/eggs...  And the Bread / Pastry area made my mouth water... which is why I opted NOT to eat the Buffet... it would have been easy to go Hog Wild with all the good looking eats.Ordered the Eggs Benedict.... which is served on a round Polenta Cake... I say "Cake" because the Polenta was more cake like... sweet and creamy at the same time... (it took the place of the typical starch of the English Muffin)... it came with a nice poached egg and candian bacon on top... you get 2 servings... along with a side of steamed asparagus.My mother ordered the Mini Waffles... and while Mini... they were big on taste and very artfully presented.  She got 3... one with berries, one with dried cranberries and one with cinnamon butter.  Our friend ordered the egg white frittata which came with a side of toaste which came in a basket.For a Beverage... I ordered a Bloody Mary.... it's Darn good.... not as good as the one at THE cafe at THE hotel... but definitley Solid.Mom had a Mimosa... she said it was ok.The check for the 3 of us... with our 2 alcoholic beverages and 1 coffee was $92 before tip.... this is a bit pricey... but 1) it's the Four Seasons and 2) it's Vegas.Note... if you order coffee... it's $5.50... personally I think that's a rip off but what do I know.
4	Brunch with friends. We originally thought we'd go for a la carte but the buffet was waaaaaaay too tempting. Here's what I saw and then ate:Mini-donuts - fresh and just a tad crispOmelet station  - ingredients include crab and salmonOrganic freshly ground peanut butter - oh so delish!Pumpkin pancakesPeppered baconThe list goes on since I had to try everything. Definitely worth a try if you are staying at the Four Seasons or Mandalay Bay.
4	Good atmosphere for a intimate lunch/dinner or a quiet conversation. Inside is warm and inviting, and outside is breezy and relaxing. I usually am here for a lunch with a friend. Service is always above par, but not 100% stellar. I feel the slight language barrier interferes with the service, but definitely not anything to turn you away from dining there. Food is always cooked very well, is fresh, and has great flavor.
5	The Wife and I decided to treat ourselves to a nice dinner in a relaxed environment and she suggested we dine at Verandah.  Located in the Four Seasons @ Mandalay Bay, this restaurant is a great getaway where you don't feel like you're on the Las Vegas Strip.After browsing the menu, we decided to order:SaladCaprese - Beefsteak Tomato, Campania Buffalo Mozzarella, Pestohttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/duw-3Aj7gAKbQG-isS5UtQ?select=KdUUseaYZ5I3jPuDCwhiWAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/duw-3Aj7gAKbQG-isS5UtQ?select=FacNkTHkUVooJuqELmZs-gAragosta - Lobster, Frisee, Seasonal Vegetables, Truffle Vinaigrettehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/duw-3Aj7gAKbQG-isS5UtQ?select=3OCmQkKjb43sK0JY_bC66wEntreesPenne Alla Arrabiata - Smoked Mozzarella, Spicy Roma Tomato Saucehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/duw-3Aj7gAKbQG-isS5UtQ?select=aAoVdVRd0bvfZj5BTwEelABranzino - Striped Sea Bass, Citrus Crust, Fennel Saucehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/duw-3Aj7gAKbQG-isS5UtQ?select=ccVqY3Qp-e3rdsqZ1GflzwSide DishesBaby Potatoes with Black Trufflehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/duw-3Aj7gAKbQG-isS5UtQ?select=YeSoCAR3VCJwQ04tndVcYwMushrooms with Marsalahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/duw-3Aj7gAKbQG-isS5UtQ?select=aQOaL6HcE3oGygKjOvxmywFor DessertWarm Italian Donuts, Lemon Curd, Chocolate GanacheI had the Caprese Salad and the Penne Alla Arrabiata.  Both were amazing!  The Penne Alla Arrabiata was made al dente, which is how I love my Pasta and the Arrabiata Sauce had a nice kick to it....just right.  The Caprese Salad was not overdone with Oil, unlike some restaurants.The Wife enjoyed her Lobster Salad and Striped Bass.  She passed on Dessert, but I couldn't resist the Warm Italian Doughnuts, so I went for it.....they were so good, I forgot to take a picture of them and they were gone by the time I remembered....:)The service was impeccable.  The servers were friendly and attentive.  They were also very knowledgable about the menu and had great ideas for dinner.Overall, it was an another awesome experience here.Return Factor - 100%
4	Above average breakfast/brunch buffet, but then it would be for $36 per person.
3	This place has such potential, I'm just hoping I got there on an "off" day.  Foremost, Verandah is in the Four Seasons so expectations are already really high.  Their signature eggs Benedict is served on polenta cake instead of an English muffin.  My mom asked if she could have it served traditionally and the server said, yes, totally, we do it all the time.  When our order arrived, the Benedict had the polenta cake.  I also ordered a side of fruit that I didn't get initially either.  It seemed anything that was out of the ordinary was simply ignored.  I was done eating my ricotta pancakes (super yummy) before my mom's meal arrived following the polenta debacle.  I'm going to have to give this one a second chance but for now I'm giving Verandah 3 stars.
4	Brunch.  Classic and done very well.Great location for brunch, and if it's a nice day the outdoor seating is fantastic.  Located in the Four Seasons this is just good food. Everything you would expect from a weekend brunch. Also, they serve their ice tea with ice tea ice cubes and liquid sugar, so you know they are for real.
5	Even though we were not invited to the Kate Middleton and Prince Williams' wedding in London, on our 3 day trip to Vegas, we wanted to feel like royals... treating ourselves with a good cup of tea and nice breakfast in the morning. And our first morning breakfast was here, at Verandah. We stayed at Mandalay Bay and it was just a short walk to the this place at Four Seasons Hotel that is on the same territory as Mandalay Bay. It was a chilly morning and the place was packed inside so were offered to sit at the table outside with a floor heater lamp moved next to us. But you know what? Make sure to sit OUTSIDE as if you sit inside it just feels as a typical restaurant.Service was fantastic: timely and friendly. Place was very clean with people reading newspapers, sipping on orange juices and coffees. If you sit outside, you feel like you are somewhere in Hawaii (palm trees, swimming pool is seen from the terrace).Prices are reasonable for this level of a restaurant. You can probably spend up to $30/person on a full breakfast. Keep in mind, they have a buffet type of breakfast as well at $35. If you are a small eater, probably you can order off the menu (oatmeal and tea) and it will be less. The buffet setting feels very elegant as well. Food looks and smells good; is very fresh and tastes delicious.  The selection is not as huge as in some buffets out there, but it has the staples (scrambled eggs, French toasts, oatmeal, berries, fruit, yogurt, some meat (sausage chicken and pork, bacon), which makes it easy for you to make a selection and not to overeat but still indulge on your favorites.Want to feel like a royal? Go here on any occasion. It's worth it... but like I said above, make sure to sit outside!Bon Appetite,Ulyana
2	The only reason I would go to Verandah is for the home-like comfortable patio setting. The food and service were both poor, not what I expected from the Four Seasons. My husband was so upset that he spent $35 on the brunch buffet and didn't like anything besides the donuts! I had the huevos rancheros and it was mediocre at best. As for the service, the waiters approached about 3 times to take our order in the first minute we sat down, before we had a chance to read the menu, and then didn't come back for a while. My husband used 3 plates to visit the buffet, and not one plate was cleared until I stood up to leave. It was a complete disappointment and I would only recommend going for perhaps a morning coffee, just for the beautiful setting.
1	Mismanaged expectations.  From a promotion for a the prix fixe dinner, we dressed appropriately for "The Four Seasons" - and what a mistake!  The Verandah is a "dolled-up" buffet room, that's probably great for patio dining by the pool, but hardly for dinner.  While the wait staff was friendly and attentive, the service was out of step and not up to "The Four Seasons" standards.  After being asked for our water order (we chose Pellegrino), bread was dropped off unceremoniously without any suggestion of butter.  We guess 'everyone' prefers olive oil.  The bread was not at all warm - merely room temperature and poorly presented.  When the butter was delivered - a really long wait - over 5 minutes - it arrived cold and hard - straight from the fridge.  Off to a bad start.The first course was a warm ricotta cheese with tomato - quite pleasant.  By now the sparkling wine included with the meal was delivered and acceptable.  The second course was supposed to be a seafood gnocchi but tasted like grammar school paste.  Huge miss!  Third course was 'snapper' (hard to tell) with whipped potato - not bad, but this is a $100 place setting.  Fourth course was short rib with polenta - very so-so.  The desert course was an 'ok' mouse cake with a dollop of ice cream, topped off with coffee.  The entire expereince just felt very "regular".  Here's the juicy bit.My wife and I dress up for dinner about once a month as a treat.  On this evening, she wore a stunning dress and her best Jimmy Choo pumps - absolutely smashing!  While we wear jeans and shorts when appropriate - we're the last people would call snobs - we were really put off by the fellow at the next table in a "wife beater" T-shirt.  Where's the dress code for The Four Seasons during the dinner hour?We've not tried the Charlie Palmer steak house adjacent to The Verandah, but doubt a visit any time soon.  Perhaps that's the hierarchy of dining at this hotel - The Verandah for the pool crowd.  With so many terrific alternatives on and off The Strip, The Verandah is relinquished to the back water.
3	Visited the Verandah on Memorial Day Monday with three other friends using, of course, the ubiquitous TravelZoo coupon.  Five course meal for a smashing price.Arrived with my pal about 20 minutes pre-reservation to have a drink.  Missed Happy Hour pricing by mere minutes (looks like they offer some really good deals).  Sat at a table about 7 feet from bar.  Not crowded.  We were ignored for almost 15 minutes.  There went any desire to get that bottle of prosecco.  BTW - we were dressed  very nicely and were in PLAIN SIGHT of bartenders and servers.  Not a great start.Friends joined us - seated on the verandah.  Lovely setting, perfect temp, etc.Meal was one glass each of sparkling wine and then the five courses.  Overall it was a very nice meal with great friends.Pros:Setting was relaxing and peacefulFood was nicely presented and short ribs were melt in your mouth delicious as was gouda fonduta.  I wanted to grab my friends' plates and eat theirsBill was crazy low - nice change from everything else in VegasCons:Indifferent service all around - from oblivious bartending staff to our server(s). Server was not rude or incompetent - just not at level I expected from this venue.Food was quite salty and as I love me some sodium - I was fine but we all joked about how puffy and bloated we expected to be the next day.  And we were.One friend had an allergy that she advised server about from the start - they managed to work around it on one item that didn't even mention it as an ingredient but then for dessert - where it was listed - they delivered 4 of same and we had no clue if one of them had been doctored for her.  And no server to ask for clarification.Not sure if I would go back.  Not a horrible experience but not so outstanding that I can't miss a chance to return.
5	We were going to staying at the Mandalay Bay so we purchased a $89 TravelZoo voucher that included a 5-course dinner for two, sparkling wine, and coffee/espresso.  When we walked in we were really impressed with all the seating.  Outdoors they have a mix of cool patio furniture and tables.  We didn't know what to expect when it came to the food but we were blown away.  There were three people in our party so we had only bought one TZ voucher.  The chef sent out tastes of everything we were eating so our third guest could also experience the 5-course meal.  Everything was plated beautifully and the taste of the food was DEVINE!  It was a dining experience, so we took our time to take it all in.  The staff were all very attentive making sure our waters and wine were replenished.  Everyone agreed that we will be visiting Verandah again when we go back to Vegas!
3	The feeling overall is nice. I like how you can get "fancy" food, minus the stuffy atmosphere. You can definitely tell this place is most frequented by the guests of the hotel because they walk in wearing casual clothing and there were tons of families with young children.  I also thought the service was excellent: 5 stars. So why did I give this place 3 stars? Frankly, the food is not worth what they charge. And their cocktails leave something to be desired.The braised short ribs were probably my favorite dish of the night. The blue nose snapper had a nice crisp sear to it, but it was pretty bland.For dessert, we had a milk chocolate and candied orange velvet cake. I had some reservations because I don't enjoy strong orange flavored sweets, but it was surprisingly delicious. I liked how it reminded me of a Ferrero Rocher with a subtle orange flavor.I'd like to come back and try the afternoon tea. But for fine dining, I'd rather go elsewhere.
4	Really enjoyed the food. Wine list was good. Went with a group and was really surprised how well they serviced so many people.
5	Enjoyed breakfast here before I joined the family reunion at Mandalay Bay and THE Hotel. Setting, service and food are all top notch. My favorite was the eggs Benedict. Two disks of polenta, premium Canadian bacon, topped with two perfectly poached eggs and velvety smooth Hollandaise. Served with a portion of steamed asparagus. All the while every service personnel using my name and making sure that I was well attended to. I could live in the FS hotel and eat here every day.
4	I decided to treat myself so i went to Verandah this morning for breakfast.  Even though our humidity is up due to the monsoon season, I opted to sit out on the patio.  While it was warm, it was not uncomfortable and much better than the cold main dining room.I got a glass of peach/guava juice that was quite good, a cup of coffee, and I ordered the Panettone French Toast.  The toast is topped with a banana pecan syrup and was trimmed with blackberries, blueberries, and a few raspberries.  The portion was just perfect given the sweetness of the topping.  Service was exemplary!  They ask your name when you arrive, and from then on, everyone addresses you as Mr. and your name.  After I finished eating, a bus person came by and removed my plate, and I was left to sip my coffee and enjoy people watching as the ladies arrived at the pool not far from my table.I think I have to come back to try the citrus ricotta pancakes and enjoy the peaceful setting.
5	Our anniversary dinner lead us back to Verandah and basically it just boils down to the fact that I love Verandah. The setting isn't very formal and there's an outdoor seating area with ceiling fans and shade for those that want to hang outside. We changed things up by ordering the calamari (fritto misto). A good choice as there was shrimp/calamari and green peppers which brought it some heat. I looked back at my previous review and my significant other ordered the same thing as he did last year. The Brasato Barolo (short ribs) which is a definitely a MUST try... very flavorful, melts in your mouth deliciousness. I decided to get the rack of lamb which was good, nothing extraordinary....a lil bit over done for the "medium" that it was supposed to be but I think I could pass it up next time. The best dish of the night was Antonio's Pasta. It was cooked in the glass jar shown in pictures with scallops, shrimp and the best fresh pasta ever! The flavors were just wonderful and I could have just had that for dinner and been content. We ended it with a wonderful chocolate souffle that wasn't overly sweet and paired well with the dolce latte flavored gelato. They also surprised us with a plate of truffles and a Happy Anniversary written on it....sweet touch to a great night.Verandah's service has always been and still is attentive. Delicious food paired with great service makes it for a great night. They also know how to make a lemon drop martini like how this gal likes it....bonus points there since I've been highly dissatisfied with a lot of lemon drop martinis at other venues. I definitely will be back for more short ribs, etc.
4	We sat outside in the share with ceiling fans quietly refreshing us. We went there for brunch before leaving Vegas and it was relaxing, tasty and perfect to my taste.We didn't order from the buffet rather choosing from the menu. I was sadly surprised on how slow the service was, we had to let the waiter know we were waiting for 20 minutes for 2 pastries...
5	Had great service and food. The calamari app was one of the best I've had. It is worth a visit.
2	Ok  more like 2 1/2  stars. Ate here for brunch. This place was a littlepricey and service was NOT four seasons quality. I ordered the buffet. I really enjoyed the scones with lemon curd, the lox, and the chicken sausage. My favorite was the donut bar particularly the one with the crunchy topping. It was delicious! I thought the pumpkin pancakes were ok.The carrot juice was VERY delicious!In regards to service... When I asked for a straw, the waiter told me to use my daughter's used straw that was all bitten up! Seriously?! I definitely won't be coming back. I honestly would not be complaining if the service is great.
5	My husband and I went here for an easy, more casual (for most of Vegas, anyway) dinner before going to see The Lion King. It was not busy, but nice and quiet. Our waiter was fantastic, very personable and attentive. Menu is small, which I prefer, rather than poring over too many choices. Our mozzarella caprese appetizer was perfectly simple. I had the Cloud of Gnocci for dinner which, as the name indicates, was light and very tasty. I wouldn't recommend it if you are looking for a heavy big dish, but I loved it. Had the apple tart for dessert, which is beautiful and tasty. Didn't love the goat cheese crumble on it, but they didn't overwhelm the tart. It didn't actually have any pie crust, which I missed. Will definitely return!
4	1st of all I luv a good Italian restaurant tht says yes I will make you anything that isnt on the menu! Amazzing! We sat outside enjoyed the breeze vino & wonderful food!
4	Beautiful restaurant inside a beautiful hotel. Even though it seemed upscale, it was a very comfortable and relaxed atmosphere. The staff was excellent. I valeted my car and I had no worries. I was there for a party so we were in a private room. The food was delicious. I had the Tomato Bisque, Italian Chicken Salad, and the Cream Brulee. Yum! I would go back to try more of their menu. We arrived near the end of brunch so I got to spy all the goodies set out.
4	Delicious pasta and wonderful, unique desserts.
4	FIVE STAR pancakes.  Earth shattering life altering pancakes.  Fresh fruit plate was very impressive, perfect quality fruit (probably why it was $12!!! :) Their coffee is also great.  We also ate for dinner durring our stay, I had the artichoke seafood pasta hubby had the smoked mozzarella tomatoe penne, both were good, the penne was a little better than the seafood pasta, so I was diggin in to the hubs plate stuffin myself.  The Caesar salad was pretty dang good and the panna cotta desert was creamy and yummy (all three flavors).  No complaints, but maybe a little bit of a feeling of mild let down, the pasta was very good, but not life changing, I think we will stick with our usual Italian Vegas strip spot (Fiamma).  But we will be here for pancakes EVERY time we are in town!
3	As far as the old system of dining goes, Verandah would probably be considered a "5-star" restaurant. Fancy setting, high prices, impeccable service, etc. However in the new food era, it's not just all about being hoity-toity. To get high stars in my book you need to have good food, and provide some form of value proposition. Based on my breakfast at verandah, I'd have to say that A-OK is proper. From entry to exit here, the service is beyond impeccable. They ask your name at the desk and you're subsequently greeted by name by every server that approaches you. Coffee is kept full, and it's white-glove the whole way. The setting is very pleasant - outdoors next to the Mandalay pool system - very elegant. The food itself, however, leaves a bit to be desired. It's okay, but for the price it could be a lot better. I sampled a plate of huevos rancheros that cost about as much as a dinner entree would cost at a decent restaurant. $5 for drip coffee is beyond the pale. Overall it was up in the mid-$20's for a simple entree+coffee breakfast. I guess I'm not someone who is willing to pay all that extra for exclusivity. Coming from Portland I want the food to be exemplary at that price - especially for breakfast, which is notoriously easy to prepare. If you want a four-seasons experience, this is your place. If your main goal is good food, you may be able to do better.
3	Had reservations for 7am on a Tuesday morning.  So unnecessary!  :)Got lost trying to find the restaurant between three hotels in one at Mandalay Bay.The service was friendly and superb.Sitting outside was beautiful, comfortable and relaxing.The menu is very expensive.$5.50 for coffee, $6 for a wine glass size of juice.  About $18 for the average breakfast plate.I ordered the vegetarian hash which was okay.  Asked for asparagus instead of spinach which I was pleased withmThe daily fresh squeezed juice was peach & passionfruit.  Just okay.My hubby had corned beef & pastrami hash.  He liked it.  It looked okay.A big plus is the gluten free menu items and the gluten free toast with breakfast!
3	TEA SERVICE REVIEWI have been searching for a nice establishment to have afternoon tea service in a formal setting, similar to what you would do in England. Yes, tea and crumpets. The Verandah was ok. Although it is the Four Seasons, it was not as fancy as I had hoped.  It was very professional and we ate off china and used real silver spoons, the atmosphere felt like a restaurant rather than a parlor or Ritz Carlton (which no longer exists in Vegas).The food was good, the tea selection was acceptable, and the service was good. Just lacking the ambiance.  It's not like the Titanic movie afternoon tea. Probably better off ordering a long island iced tea by the pool, after all this is Vegas..........
5	This is a review specifically on the Afternoon Tea that the Four Seasons Verandah offers.  I attended this place with my mother to celebrate her visit to Vegas and I decided to take her to afternoon tea here.  Afternoon Tea here is offered from 3-4pm from Mon/Fri.Holy cow.  After that experience at Bellagio, this was just -wonderful.-The view out into the gardens was beautiful.  Their current theme of decor was Lilies and they were everywhere, designed into beautiful arcs that hung gracefully in a festoon that was minimalist and graceful.  We had a single table by the window and it was just a must.  It was summer and everywhere we gazed out our glass windows was lush green, green, green.  It was so tranquil and a firm glass of serenity that you rarely can find in Vegas which, to a certain extent, I will be more than happy to pay a ton of money for.  Of course, being that was at one of the top-shelf properties here in Vegas, I knew going in that it was going to be not cheap.  But it wasn't outrageous and I didn't feel uncomfortable with the price.  The service was top-notch, the quality of the blend of tea, the scones and food was excellent, and I was very satisfied with the entire experience.  When someone asks me where the best Afternoon Tea in Vegas is, I respond with this establishment, if that says anything.***On my List of Afternoon Teas in Vegas, this is currently rated as #1.  Please check out my list of Tea Houses, both local and national to compare.**
5	This is the Four Seasons, so it means business.5 stars for the Cranberry Ricotta Pancakes. Sure, it's $15 for two, but good luck finding pancakes this amazing anywhere else. So moist and flavorful with a phenomenal cranberry compote and the most perfect under-sweetened syrup. They almost couldn't even be classified as pancakes.Service was impeccable -I'm sure it helps to have a large group of business associates. ;-)
4	I have been to Mandalay Bay many times and did not know this was here! Located in the Four Seasons Hotel, this is a great spot to get away from the hotel-casino scene. Had breakfast here with my parents and quality was excellent. Prices were reasonable as well considering location. I had the corned beef-pastrami hash with eggs over easy. Nice decandent treat. Not greasy and a huge portion. My Mother's Ricotta and Citrus Pancakes were excellent as well. My Dad had the vegetable Frittata and enjoyed it as well. Good coffee. They keep your pot refreshed on the table.  Added plus was the reading glasses that they had for my Mom!Will be back to try lunch and dinner on another trip.
5	My husband and I were staying at the Four Seasons hotel and had breakfast here each morning. The food was fresh and delicious with many options available. The service was always very professional and attentive. The view outside the restaurant of the gardens was beautiful. We really enjoyed starting off the day in the Verandah restaurant
4	We came here for a late night dinner on a Saturday night with a large group. The place was pretty quiet and we got a semi-private room in the back. Our server was excellent. She was very personable and was excellent at menu suggestions. I shared the Ravioli and Short Ribs. The Ravioli was homemade and stuffed with burrata - I LOVE burrata. The sauce was very delicate and overall, it was delicious. The Short Ribs were amazing. They melted in my mouth and the polenta it came with served as a nice creamy balance. Definitely a place for a nice, good dinner in Vegas!
5	Yum!! Thanks to Yelpers I had a great breakfast every day here! We stayed at THEHotel at Mandalay and I used yelp to find a decent place to have breakfast. I'd recommend. They have a mimosa buffet breakfast on Sundays with an amazing bloody Mary! We ate here Sat and Sunday. Sunday had the omelet bar with premium ingredients (i.e. crab, asparagus) and each day they had someone making baby donuts and hand dipping them in front of you with different toppings! I want to go back!
4	Awesome Brunch spot in vegas...mellow and tasty food.  Perfect for a detoxing morning...  Plates range from 12-20, not bad for vegas
4	Verandah at the Four Seasons is one of the few places I'll pay exorbitant mark-ups for breakfast / bruch food. Bouchon will always be my #1 in my heart, but Verandah has always been a favorite of mine for many years.FOOD: The first time I ate at Verandah was back in 08' for Mother's Day. As a teenager, fine dining lunch was the only thing I could afford. Over the years, I've kissed goodbye the lobster eggs benedict at breakfast and the only salmon burger in Vegas I'll eat. The salmon was always flavorful and perfectly cooked. If I'm paying a mini-fortune for a burger, I expect it to be prepared the right way. The current menu offers all the classics which they do extremely well. The corned beef has--yummy! But as a fine dining restaurant, I would like to see a little more character and diversity--something unique to Verandah that will make me itch to come back to eat.DINING: If the weather allows, DO sit outside. The patio area is absolutely amazing on a beautiful day. Its upscale and luxurious but you get the amazing view of the pool. They have big sunbrellas and adorable wicker chairs to lounge around and enjoy your meal--classy! There's also plenty of space between you and the next table so you don't need to worry about being cramped or eavesdropping. The interior is just as nice. Whenever I come here, I get that relaxed, laidback vibe but I still feel fabulous. This place is perfect for having a nice meal with friends or someone you're trying to impress. If your into American food classics--you'll certainly enjoy this place.
4	Checked into the Four Seasons on Thursday after a quick drive from So Cal.  Didn't feel like driving anymore and the front desk suggested Verandah.  They described it as Italian fare.  I had the prix fixe menu which included huge tiger prawns appetizer which was spot on delicious.  I picked the fish entree which was done correctly which was also great.  I picked the mousse desert what a way to unwind from a long drive.
5	My favorite place for brunch in Vegas. The Cranberry ricotta pancakes are a must, superb service, food.  As ironic as it sounds, you almost don't feel like you are in vegas when you dine at Verandah. And that is much needed at times during my LV stay.
5	This place is amazing! First and foremost I want to say how great and extremely on point the staff is. They greeted me with a smile, ask for my name and then everyone that came by my table addressed me as Mr Uy, which I must confess is a bit weird for me.I stopped by for breakfast and ordered the Egg White Frittata and was blown away. I ordered it w/o the pesto, because I just find pesto a bit over powering for me at times and I just wasnt ready to start my day with "pesto breath". Coffee was a tad strong but was bottomless and I also ordered a mimosa which I later regretted. It was nice, but it cost $14 compared to my meal that was only $16.I forgot to add that I had my breakfast outside on the patio which is poolside. If the weather is cooperative, I really recommend you eat on the patio.I had an amazing experience here and will definitely come back, hopefully with some friends next time!
4	Four seasons restrained elegance with top quality "address you by name" service.  This is the place for a relaxing hour and a half late breakfast.The weekday breakfast choices are typical of any high end resort.  Healthy, properly portioned, made from quality, fresh ingredients.  Egg whites, fresh fruit, fresh squeezed juices, artisan cheeses, turkey bacon and chicken sausage.  You get the picture.  The food is correct but nothing special.  The weekend brunch is a trade off in quality versus interactive fun.   Donuts fried to order and topped with whatever you want.  Oh yeah!  Crisp and moist.  The omelets are expertly prepared with 20+ fillings and cheeses to choose from including their house cured salmon and jumbo lump crab.  Win!  Unfortunately, fresh baked breads and pastries do not do survive in the dry air conditioned room and heating trays turn pancakes into sponges, bacon into something needing a little blue pill, and the once outstanding pastrami hash into mush.Resort prices.  Weekday breakfast: $25-$30.  The weekend brunch: $37.Correction:  Per the Verandah, reservations are accepted for the weekend brunch although they cannot be made through yelp / opentable.  That said, avoid major conventions at Mandalay Bay and a table should be easy to come by.Try the Verandah several days into your Vegas vacation.  You will see the appeal.
5	I have to say Verandah at The Four Seasons Hotel offers the best weekend breakfast/brunch in town. I personally think it's better than Bouchon and Mozen. It's $37 per person with buffet style and serves between 7am - 1pm. If weather is nice, I strongly recommend to have outdoor seating by pool. You can customize your own omelet with smoked salmon, chicken, ham, mushroom, spinach, tomato, bell pepper, Jalapeno, Swiss cheese, Cheddar cheese at omelet station. They also have a donut station, which you can customize your own donuts with different dipping sauces & toppings. It's fun to see how bakery chef prepares those mini donuts right in front of you. Everything I had today was pretty good. (Scones, mini banana pancakes, banana parfaits, caramelized peach with ricotta cheese, smoked salmon omelet, vegetable quiche, fresh squeezed watermelon & berry juicy, and even roasted coffee!!) Everyone from hostess, waitress to bus boy is really friendly providing Four Seasons quality services. One more thing I would like to mention is all pastries were not drown in tons of sugar compare to most of other places. They made me feel less guilty and healthier to enjoy their lovely Sunday brunch ^__^
3	Great place if you're trying to get away from the noise/commotion of Vegas.  Food  was average, but, again, eating on the porch was a welcome respite.
4	We had breakfast, lunch, and dinner here during our Vegas trip. My favorite meal here was breakfast. As I mentioned in the hotel review, the smoothies/juices are to die for and they have a different flavor for the smoothie/juice of the day, daily. Their fruit was fresh and ripe and their scrambled eggs were cooked to perfection. I love their Bonne Mamman fruit preserves that they stock on all the tables, especially the raspberry. Yummy! Coffee was awesome and if you're feeling daring their buffet is awesome and kind of a steal. I don't recall the exact amount per person but I think it was less than $40.  Lunch and dinner were fine here but honestly it was nothing especially wonderful. The tuna platter that they offer for lunch was tasty and I recall a wonderful wine selection.I don't think this place can do any wrong. Staff is attentive and friendly as ever. Service is fairly quick, and if you eat outside (and you should) the view is fantastic. Do it!
2	So I called to ask if any seats are available the lady said yes inside only. So I was like fine whatever. Got here, there was a lot of seats available outside =T The service was a bit slow. Ordered coffee and that took a while =\ asked for balsamic vinaigrette took about 5-7 mins.It wasn't busy there was only a few tables.The table in front of us left and I was just seeing how long it took them to clean the table. They didn't clean it right away. They cleaned it when we were leaving about 40 mins later. sigh Ordered the Cobb lobster salad $26.00   Seafood mac & Cheese $20.00 & salmon sandwich with bacon etc for $24.00The salad was ok =T had much better before. Nothing special to it. Won't remember it. The seafood mac & cheese was decent and light tasting. The salmon sandwich was heavy & greasy. The bread was nice and toasted but it seems like they put better or oil on it cause my hands was soo greasy from picking it up. The sauce and mozzarella cheese made it very heavy for my breakfast.  Yes my breakfast is most people's lunch =P I wake up late. The food was nothing great and nothing that I will be recalling to come back. the service was nice and super slow which I didn't like at all. Also how you going to ask someone how everything is when you just put my plate down. I didn't even try it. And also if I said it's not good your going to make me another one? that I need to wait another 15 mins for =T Sshsh
5	I came here for both Brunch and dinner and I can't speak highly about this place.  The restaurant itself is a casual elegant environment without being pretentious. Its a real getaway from the casino crowd.  It feels like you are not in Vegas, which is kinda nice being able to enjoy your dinner.The brunch was a bit disappointing in terms of the Vegas offering, but the qualities are much better. I loved the make your own peanut butter machine, so fun!  freshly made doughnuts are good too.The dinner, however, it was a real deal.  I loved the regional Italian dinner prix-fixe Menu.  from appetizers, main courses to dessert, are all wonderfully prepared and reasonably priced (Vegas pricing).  I loved the way he cooked the fish, one of the best fish dishes I had in Vegas.Definitely worth a visit if you are in Vegas and don't want to have an overpriced dinner.
5	This is a review of the afternoon tea service. We couldn't be more pleased. It was a relaxing, albeit pricey, afternoon break! They give diners the option of standard tea service for $30 per person, or for $38, they add either a glass of champagne or a green tea martini. I had the martini and it was smooth. The tea service itself was top notch - our server was attentive and friendly without being intrusive. The scones were still warm out of the oven, so no complaints there! Everything - the sandwiches, desserts, etc. were delicious.
5	We were so happy with the service and food! It is pricey, but the excellent food and service is so worth it. They only had flavored teas and I told them I only like black tea. So they went and made me fresh brewed iced tea just for me! Now that is service!
4	Breakfast buffet: mini donuts!!!!Great service and great breakfast buffet. A bit of a "break" from typical Vegas.
5	This is for their Happy Hour only.  Went with a group of about 8.  They have a $5 small plate and drink menu.  It goes from 4-7.  It's not my typical spot for a Happy Hour but I love the atmosphere and the service, of course, being that it was Four Seasons was top notch.  It's not an extensive menu but everything was good.  I enjoyed the calamari and the flat bread.  If you're on a budget watch the clock because once it strikes 7:00 that $5 drink turns into a $12 one!
5	We had a wonderful dinner at Verandah while staying at the Four Seasons.   The service was outstanding and the food was great.  It was a very relaxed atmosphere and a nice way to end the day.   We enjoyed dinner so much, that we had breakfast at Verandah the next day.  Breakfast was good plus the coffee was great.  We plan to dine here the next time we are in LAS.  However we must disclose that our meals were complementary through Four Seasons Hotel.
5	I consider myself to be a bit of a breakfast snob.  I have dined at many fancy American breakfast places, including at other Four Seasons hotels.  But the breakfast I had at Verandah, is THE BEST breakfast I have ever had in my entire life.  I ordered:  The American, The Jump Start, Antioxidant Healthy Start, and Gluten-Free Sampler.  The gluten-free toast was the best toast I've ever had.  The gluten-free waffles were the best waffles I've ever had.  The sausage and egg whites were cooked perfectly.  The fruit was incredibly fresh and ripe.  Everything was spectacular and seasoned with finesse.  I have no idea why this restaurant is only rated four stars - it is THE BEST breakfast restaurant in the entire world.  I did take a look at the buffet and it didn't look bad, but it didn't look as good as the food I ordered.  So if you're looking for great food, order from the menu.
5	I absolutely love brunch at Verandah. Dining on their beautiful outdoor patio overlooking the pool you momentarily forget you're in Vegas and may even believe you've landed in Hawaii. That is until the dry desert air smacks you back into reality. As for the brunch, weekend brunch is an all you can eat affair for $44. I can't remember if that's with or sans mimosa. The offerings are varied and a welcome change from the typical Vegas buffet (read: it won't be an all you can eat crab leg glutton fest). Highlights are the muesli (yep I said muesli). Its impossible to get real muesli in the states but Verandah has a very tasty version. I also love the mini quiches, the fresh donuts (deep fried on the spot) and the fresh salmon, cheese and fruit offerings. My husband was dismayed that the omelette bar was MIA the last time we went there, so hopefully that's not the norm.  Service is also impeccable (as to be expected of the Four Seasons) and coffee is plentiful. What more could you ask for? If you're looking for a special brunch that doesn't cause gout (from excessive crab leg consumption) than I would highly recommend this place.
4	This place is a retreat and you might forget you are in Vegas. I was excited by how many gluten free options they had! When I arrived they offered bread, of course I normally say no and mentioned gf and they bought me the yummiest toast and olive oil - I was in heaven. My caprese salad was divine with some of the best fresh mozzeralla I have eaten since Rome and the selection of hairloom tomatoes - divine.  The mahi mahi fish tacos were also gluten free and simply delicious.My server was attentive, funny and charming and even offered me a newspaper to read on the way to my table as I was dining alone.  A lovely venue and highly recommend.
4	I've been to some elaborate brunches over the years, but I think the weekend brunch here takes the cake. Over the top versions of just about anything you can imagine, from cheeses to waffles, omelets, fruits. Not cheap, but a great brunch.
5	Love the Verandah. We have been there for breakfast, lunch and dinner. We always make a point to stop there at some point during our trips to Vegas. It is located in the Four Seasons Hotel. We love to sit outside by the pool. The food and service are always top notch. Every server we have had has been nothing short of pleasant and makes it a very enjoyable dining experience. Their brunch is small, but delicious! Price also includes freshly squeezed orange juice or coffee.
5	The epitome of great service. Food quality 5 stars! Worth every penny.
2	Very disappointing. Went there for a late breakfast (11 am), paid 100$ for 3 people. Rushed, unfriendly service. Tasteless toasts straight from the supermarket. Butter had a weird, cheesy taste. Omelet was just ok. The Verandah gets one star for its nice outside terrace and one star for the mini Belgian waffles, the only dish we had that was above average.
3	I have mixed feelings about Varandah.  I loved the Varandah brunch, but the regular dinner and breakfast-not so much.  The food is tasty, but the service is very slow!  I would only come back for Brunch.  Brunch - Not your typical Vegas crab fest, but tasty little things done well.    Candied bacon, donut bar, charcuterie, strawberry pancakes, etc.  This brunch is not for the big eaters that need a huge prime rib.  I liked it a lot.  Make reservations if you have a big party.  You serve yourself so service is as slow or fast as you want to be.  5 stars for Brunch alone.  Regular breakfast - The waitress was not the most cheerful, but whatever - it was our first day and we were in a good mood.   It took 30 mins to get our meals, but at least it was tasty. Breakfast credit is included with our FHR benefits, so it does the job.  Dinner - We chose to eat outside as to not disturb the guests inside with our two noisy toddlers.  Anyway, the waiter kept disappearing and not really checking on us - probably because it was so hot outside.  We waited for so long for someone to bring menus that I just went to get them myself.  After ordering drinks, the balsalmic for the bread never arrived either so i got that myself too.   Not sure if I am still at the Four Seasons....About an hour in - the food isn't out and the kids are going crazy.  Our relaxing vacation is no longer.  So I ask someone (where is our waiter?) to check on our food and eventually the Manager comes out.  I complain to him that the food is taking too long and he says something, kind of implying that it is us that was at fault because we took a while to order.  I was visibly upset at his remark because service was lacking since the beginning.  Finally, the Manager comes back and offers 10% off for our trouble.  We skip dessert and end the night early as the kids and pregnant woman in our party are tired from the whole thing.  Luckily we had FHR dining credit to apply to the meal or this would have been a lower rating.
3	This review is for the dinner menu for summer 2012 Restaurant Week.  The atmosphere reminded me of a Tommy Bahama store, dining area was large, clean and our server was really attentive. On to the meal, for my first choice I had the La Spezia,wood fired roasted oyster mushroom and genoa salami risotto, arugula-strawberry salad, watermelon granite. I love risotto, but I didn't really love this dish, the salami was dry and a tad hard. The strawberry salad was refreshing. My main I chose the Burrita, pan fried monkfish filled with burrata and capers. This was the reason I chose to come here. Every since I had monkfish at Baddakan in NYC, I've been dying to try it again. But I didn't love it. There wasn't anything wrong with the fish, I felt it was prepared nicely, so maybe I couldn't get with the way it was served here? I don't know. Dissapointing. Dessert was the fresh peach gratin, vinzanto poached peaches, amaretto sabayon. This was your typical peach cobbler. Nothing special. Overall, missed the mark for $50.12. My friend, Kevin P summed it up with "basic safe cuisine at a high cost" I may go back for brunch on the patio. They do have happy hour, but it's all vodka based drinks (I'm not a vodka drinker) except for one gin drink, which tasted like floor cleaner.  Maybe I can update this later with a better review for brunch, but I don't see myself returning for happy hour or dinner.
5	I'm an old fart who likes visiting casinos and crowds on my own terms... I dont wear straw cowboy hats with dyed goose feathers, jorts, and aviator glasses indoors at 8 am. I dont like paying $75 per person to go to a buffet and wait in line and then watch people go ape shit like my boston terrier pup does when I give him some pieces of hot dog. So you get the idea re: my demographic...I'm not 20 years old and in Vegas for some cray-cray partay. If you like a very nice, low key atmosphere, a reasonable buffet with fresh ingredients and a very competent, friendly staff, go to Verandah for brunch or lunch. We did not try dinner here but were very pleased with lunch and brunch here while we were at the four seasons. When in Vegas at the hotel again we wouldnt hesitate to go back and enjoy this high quality, focusing-well-on-the-details-without-being-ridiculously-over-the-top restaurant.
4	Was in town for work.  Based on my hotel room, I had very low expectations for Verandah.   Grabbed a poolside table outside, which I am a sucker for, and was pleasantly surprised.  This is a legitimate Italian restaurant...and by that I mean equivalent to a good meal in Italy.  Not Italian American.Their signature (veal?) meatballs are really good, super light in texture and lots of flavor.   The Bronzing was great, and cooked to perfection.   Had a couple of pizzas to start out things right, and everyone seemed to love them as well.  I usually snooze through and ice cream desert but they had a really great gelato thing going on  and perfect way to end the meal.  Give how disappointing most meals are in Vegas, Verandah caught me really off guard.Worth it if you are in the vicinity.
2	So like I said, we come every time we are in town, we are familiar with the wonderful service and amazing pancakes... Wellllll, last time it was bad... The pancakes were still wet batter in the middle, the eggs were cooked to death, the yolks were crumbly, not runny at all (of course I ordered them runny), the hash browns were raw/starchy tasting, only the bacon was good... well the hubby ate like a hungry man and pointed it out to me after he was nearly done with everything but the wet batter and I hadn't even been able to take a bite of my breakfast yet... so the waitress was nice, but the manager was far less than impressive. OK, when half the food got eaten, there isn't much he can do, but seeing himself that the pancakes were still batter, he could have helped the bill a little... I don't feel as though I should ask, that isn't the position I should have to be in, but no, he didn't do anything to correct it, except offer to double feed my hubby, which isn't a solution... I can't decide if we will come back, we will just have to see, but if we do and the food is this bad ever again, we sure won't be back ever...
4	So I just checked my credit card and it looks like what was charged was credited back.  Maybe the management did address the problem, I will have to give them a call to make sure, but if this is the case it addresses the problem and knowing they have such a great history other than the last visit, we will continue to be visitors for sure.  If that one time problem could be just that.
5	Food of the gods.  The juice was so fresh, sweet and delicious that we had to ask whether sugar was added.  It wasn't.  We ordered several breakfast items off the menu.  It was a symphony of flavors, and it looked as beautiful as it tasted.  It was so good that I had to have them pack up the dainty little pastries I couldn't finish in a to-go bag.  I was the envy of my friends on the drive home.  Can't wait to go back.
4	Have eaten here many times when in town.Breakfast is always great here. We like the outdoor seating when weather permits. At dinner, Chef Antonio features regional 3 course prix fixe specials from his native Italy. Ingredients are the highest and freshest quality, and there is a choice of two for each course. The latest visit was Liguria, featuring basil, Genoa salami. fresh peaches, balsamic vinegar. We tried both of each course, for optimal variety. Although portions appeared on the small side, this perception was deceptive. Each bite was a powerhouse of flavors, we were quite satisfied. We never had to leave the hotel for meals, a reflection of quality in this competitive restaurant town, rather than convenience or laziness.The kids that I've witnessed have always been well-behaved, probably experienced and comfortable in the atmosphere of Four Seasons. It is not a family restaurant for unbehaved, noisy children.
4	While at Mandalay Bay to indulge in free shark reef tickets I thought this one would be worth it since the Yelp rating was high and the pictures of the patio tables did create quite the mood so why not right? I admit the flies buzzing around the outdoor area as we ate got annoying, but didn't factor that into the plan of the meal..HahaWell the wife and I went for the American breakfast vs. the buffet..Note to one of the reviews I saw, the breakfast buffet is different on Saturday and Sunday because Sunday has the build your own omelette and Saturday does not..If that's a make or break then go on the right date!So yeah I decided upon carrot juice which I was bummed didn't seem to be all you can drink, but it was definitely good none the less..I had scrambled eggs, bacon, and hash browns for the main attraction..I mean yeah nothing special to gawk  over, but at least it wasn't over or under cooked and it seemed like they are pro health so who am I to diss that?
5	Now this is what brunch is supposed to be.... omelet stations...hot and cold food stations.....doughnut station (yes doughnuts!!!)I called at 10:30am to see if they could fit in 4 adults and 2 children at 11am, the staff gladly welcomed us down...in fact by the time we drove down to the Four Seasons, my table was already set in a little corner outside (it was a gorgeous day).The food and service was amazing!!! I will be back.....my only suggestion is bottomless mimosas (they only offered bottomless bloody marys).Nice job Four Seasons....money well spent.
5	I *rarely* give out 5 star reviews, but this was one of the most perfect brunch buffets I've ever experienced.  Great service; really awesome setting right outside overlooking the Four Seasons Pool in the massive Mandalay Bay complex.They had several stations (omelets, donuts) but the quality of the food - even the simple stuff - was really excellent.  Incredibly good cheese selection, even.I highly recommend the Bloody Mary Bar - with house-infused jalapeno or bacon vodka with optional bacon or jalapeno-salted rim.  And lots of house-made pickled peppers and veggies!It's really hard to find fault with this dining experience.  Going back for dinner next time. ;)
5	My family planned on going to one of the better rated buffets in Las Vegas for Thanksgiving.  We arrived to the buffet and saw a horrible 3 hour line!  It being 5pm on Thanksgiving, we thought we were out of luck, but had spotted the Thanksgiving menu at Verandah online, since we were staying at TheHotel.They took our reservation for the same night and served an awesome Thanksgiving dinner.  The turkey was moist, mashed potatoes and stuffing great, 3 kinds of pie for dessert, and a quiet, less crowded atmosphere.  Considering everyone working at Verandah was working on Thanksgiving, they were exceptionally friendly and accommodating.  I don't know why we didn't just plan to go here for our Thanksgiving dinner in the first place, but it worked out nonetheless.We went back for breakfast the next morning and were happy with the food, atmosphere, and service then too.Our experience with Verandah was definitely a 5 star experience.
5	If you are in Vegas stop in and order the corned beef hash, it is the best anywhere and they know how to poach eggs!
4	Dinner tonight 12.23.12 for party of 4.  Very good service, food all excellent, very beautiful and pleasant dining room, felt very much apart from the Strip which was what we wanted.  Penne was outstanding, osso bucco very good, nice wine selection, very good pizza.   Reasonably priced given the classy decor and service and food quality.
4	I'm a big fan of the Four Seasons, and lament that they sold the one in Carlsbad to Hyatt.  Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.  I love the loveseat tables out by the pool, so comfy!  The iced tea is so good - passionfruit? with tea ice cubes and liquid sugar - why doesn't every restaurant prepare it this way?  I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.  I love this little oasis on the Strip!
5	We had a weeknight dinner at the Verandah, and it was one of our best eating experiences in Vegas for value, food quality and service. We were there for a full 6 days, and if we go back, this is one of the only places we will bother to visit again. The inside of the restaurant was fairly busy, but the patio was almost empty (February). Heaters made the patio very comfortable, and it was so nice and quiet, which is hard to find in Vegas. The service was fast and extremely friendly with good advice and knowledge of the foods and wines. I picked a wine to have by the glass, and when I was only semi pleased with it, the waiter was quick to recommend another and was spot on in his advice from my description of what I like. The food was so fresh and well prepared, it was almost startling. Even their iced tea is really good, and made with ice tea ice cubes to avoid dilution! Talk about detail!
4	I wish I could separate my reviews between lunch and dinner, but instead it must average out to 4 stars.First, Verandah is set inside of The Four Seasons at Mandalay Bay.  The room itself isn't too big, but it opens up to the private pool at the resort, making it the perfect setting for lunch.Four Seasons is known for its legendary service and it really shows here.  They even have a machine which makes ice cubes out of a few of the drinks you order.  That way when the ice melts, it doesn't dilute your drink!  Try that at home and see how impressive you are to your guests ;)The lunch is 5-star hands down.  I always get the rib sandwich, which is always cooked to a perfect temperature and just melts in your mouth.  At $18 it's not cheap, but in many ways you pay for the wonderful atmosphere.  I also had the mini Klondike-like pops which are presented really well.My dinner here was nothing special and a lot more expensive than lunch.  I had a steak (which I notice isn't on the menu anymore) that wasn't bad, but did not meet my expectations compared to the lunch.When I do come back I am anxious to try the brunch which I heard is the best in Vegas, or enjoy my rib sandwich at lunch!
5	We had breakfast here (Sunday Brunch and Weekday) on a couple of occasions. The ambiance, as many have noted, was fabulous. The service is very attentive. We sat outside on both occasions and the staff makes sure you are comfortable, whether it is chilly or warm! All of us enjoyed the wide selection of foods, whether we ordered a la carte or chose the buffet. The had different choices of fresh juices on every occasion. While the food does take its time to show up, when my son decided he wanted more, they brought his second order very quickly. I take that as good service (or we got lucky because we were still eating breakfast at 11.30 am). The buffet selections were good on the weekday, but was a king's feast (or queen's, depending on your perspective) on Sunday brunch. They make doughnuts in front of you depending on your selections!I would recommend a visit (or two).
5	We dined here this past Sunday to indulge in their Easter Bunch which was absolutely decadent.  The selection and the caliber of the food was divine as unlike other buffets every item was fresh and flavorful.  The service was exceptional as every waiter was attentive yet not too intrusive.  My toddler loved the Easter Bunny as well as being able to roam around the outside patio, yet none of the staff complained as rather they were very warm and entertaining.  We would definitely return for their regular weekend brunch.
4	Love this place! This is a great place to go for a casual lunch or business lunch. The salads are delicious and the staff are very friendly. Being at the Four Seasons, it has really easy access and the prices are what you would expect.
5	Everything about my visit was fantastic.... From the greeting by Kenani, to the service from Leakhena .The staff was very attentive, and the meals were terrific. I had the cheese and tomato pizza for appetizer followed by the chicken entree. The server knew the menu inside and out, and promoted nearly each item with exact knowledge of the ingredients and taste. This kind of service is over the top, especially in Vegas where it is very rare to find such knowledgeable staff!
5	Wowsa.  The prix fixe Wednesday night dinner was spectacular.  Ricotta cheese stuffed zucchini flower with grilled red snapper, grilled fish main entree and a great dessert.  Wahoo!
3	Given the location and the lack of good food options in this hotel, I'll have to give the food 4 stars, but the service gets 2 stars. I've eaten 3 meals here throughout the day and the service is always a problem. They have multiple people caring for your table, normally one guy is solid, and the other 2 are clueless (low cost). The food is decent overall, but the service is really bad. Brunch was probably the best meal, but they have some good salad options as well. The pastas and red sauce they make is pretty bad, I would avoid the marinara.
4	Lunch by the pool on a beautiful day is rather enjoyable at the Four Seasons. It is secluded enough to give diners and swimmers some privacy, but still be out in the warm sunshine. The food is what surprised me. I got the salmon salad and shared the tuna three ways. My friend got the crab cake sliders and it was all delicious. The crab retained its texture and did not gum together like one which is made of all bread crumbs. The aioli is on the heavy side. The salmon was cooked to perfection. A beautiful medium with a nice warm center. It broke apart without flaking everywhere. The use of dressing was light and the flavors of the artichoke and other vegetables were present. The tuna three ways was okay. I am not a huge roll type of person, so I could do without it. The upside was that they did not skimp of the center. It was predominantly spicy tuna. The poke was decent. Nothing spectacular. The thick slices seared was the best of the offerings.
2	My wife and I visited Verandah for lunch on last Friday and our lunch was very good. We had the Seafood Macaroni and Cheese with Truffle, the V Burger and for starters the Seafood Frito Misto. All was very good.The next day we decided to go to the Saturday Breakfast Buffet and it was a terrible mistake. We arrived shortly after the opening and were greeted fine and seated outside as requested. After we were provided our beverages we proceeded to the buffet however there was only half of the food ready. The silver chafing dishes were empty. We then took what was available however once we got back to the table we found the food was barely warm. We ate a bit of it and then went back to the buffet and found there was more food. We loaded our plates and once again the food was barely warm. There were no waitress around and then the man in the suit came and asked if everything was ok? We told him the food was cold and he replied that he would go find out why. He came back shortly after and proceeded to explain that the hot pans were not ready which is why the food was not warm, duh! He walked away.After that a waitress came and asked the same question and we told her the same and she said oh, that's too bad.
2	This review is based on the service, not so much the food. I'd made reservations months in advance for my birthday. I've been to London & love their Afternoon Tea, and wanted to do something similar with my friends. From the reviews, I thought Verandah would be a perfect fit. We arrived early & were told we had to wait until 3pm. Waiting 15 mins was fine. We were taken to our table shortly after 3pm, and served water. Then we waited. And waited. And waited. It was 20 mins before anyone took our tea order.Now...the place was NOT busy. Our table of four was the biggest table they had in the room we were in, and the front room had maybe three tables. What really bothered us was the table of two that came in several minutes after us for their tea, that was served before us. Um...not cool. My friend's water glass was empty several minutes & several waiters rushed past us so fast we couldn't flag them down to ask for more. I contemplated getting up to serve her water myself, but finally a slower moving waitress walked past & I was able to ask for water.I realize the experience is supposed to be a relaxing one, but when you can't keep water glasses full & you're serving tea and food to people who arrive later than your other customers, that's just not the service I would expect from the Four Seasons. The food was pretty good, though. Which is a pity because we won't be going back.
1	The food is great, although the host and reservation staff struggle.  I've made several reservations in the last six months, most of which get confused or when I call back to confirm, are somehow missing.  Luckily I always say "I'm calling to confirm a reservation I made last month with ____," and usually they realize that they made a mistake.  I recently made a reservation under my client's name and company and when people showed up asking for the reservation for the company name, they were told there was no reservation.  I and the potential attendees were not happy, and if this hadn't been confirmed TWICE and we weren't regular customers, it would not bother me as much.
4	I would have to give 4 stars but I'm sure my husband would give 5 stars :)We've been there few times now and I really liked lunch there.  I haven't been there for breakfast though.  I always love the atmosphere of Verandah and the food is always good! For dinner though, I hope I will have something great because for some reason, I haven't had anything that I really liked.But I still love Four Seasons!!!!
2	The food was a B-, but the service was a solid D.  I'll summarize by saying, it just doesn't feel like a Four Seasons.  It feels like a Westin in this property (not a bad thing, just not what I've seen from other FS).Buffet is worthwhile on weekends, but below average compared to other Four Seasons, if that's helpful.  All breakfast food, fruit and pastries.  No lunch options for "brunch."   All we wanted was some water and a high-chair, but it was quite a chore for our waiter.  I wouldn't bring children here.Again, I would be between 3 and 4 stars here because of the food and ambiance, but this is the Four Seasons.  You have to do better, and I think I'm being generous in my review.
4	A refreshing, corner hideaway at the Four Seasons. Friendly staff and lots of shade. Makes you feel like your back at the resort not the casino.
4	We ate at the Verandah a lot during our 3 night stay at the FS because of the free meals provided by Amex Fine Resorts and Hotels. Breakfast daily for 2 was covered up to $56 which includes tax and tip. It was more than plenty to order from their menu. Food was very delicious, and I highly recommend the Gluten Free combination breakfast. The waffle that comes with it is killer. Service is a bit slow but since we were on vacay, we were in no rush.A free dinner up to $85 was provided as well during our stay. I ordered their signature pasta which was cooked in a glass jar. Presentation was very unique and tasted great. We also ordered a steak which was good as well. For dessert, we got their big shareable dessert with a giant cotton candy, ice cream, caramel brittle. While it was over the top to look at, there was too much going on in terms of flavor. Pricing wise, I don't think I would eat here if it wasn't free. But I absolutely fell in love with the FS LV so I will definitely be back.
5	Lunch was fantastic on every level--service great and food delicious.  The complimentary chocolate-covered strawberries they sent to congratulate our occasion was an added bonus.
4	Great atmosphere in a place where it can be all to hectic! The decor, and food are very good and what you would expect from a Four Seasons.
3	Enjoyed a solid, enjoyable dining experience at Verandah in the 4 Seasons Hotel on the Strip.  The tomato/mozzarella appetizer was extremely fresh and tasty.  I ordered the signature pasta dish - an artichoke pasta with seafood served in a jar - which was interesting and tasty but nothing spectacular.  The ice cream pops for dessert were unique and very good.  For a little more money, there are better dining options on the strip.
5	Wow. What a delight. Fantastic food and amazing service. We had our two energetic little boys with us and the staff treated them like they were their own. We'll definitely be back!
5	Happened to be here during restaurant week - they had a set menu option - the food was fabulous - only one Pinot noir option by the glass but it was excellent. All around one of the best meals I've had in a long time. Also, the Four Seasons is an oasis of sanity in the world of Vegas - very relaxing meal and great service. Thinking about eating here every night ...
4	Went here on a Thursday morning for breakfast, fast service, nothing that you wouldnt expect. Nice private seating away from the noise. 3 stars for the food (American breakfast)4 for the location4 for the service
4	Excellent of breakfast or Sunday brunch! There's indoor or outdoor seating overseeing the pool. The menu consists of updated and elevated classic breakfast items. The service is very upscale, and the atmosphere serene. Great place for a gathering in the AM...This is the Four Seasons, so expect to pay up! But so worth it...:)
5	Located in the 4 Seasons Hotel, this is my favorite place to escape the loudness of Vegas, re-energize and most obviously, eat some delicious brunch. Verandah's menu allows one to either order a particular item for brunch or one can do the all you can eat brunch buffet. Although a bit pricey (I think it is around $50 with a mimosa), you definately get what you pay for with the buffet.I have been coming here for years and have always had great service, my water, coffee and juice always refilled and my check handed to me at an appropriate time. I highly recommend the guava juice if they have it that day.Some highlights of the buffet include: 1) omelette station that doesn't consist of a family of 5 pushing you out of the way and a really depressed omelette chef who burns your omellete; 2) delicious pastries including mini chocolate croissants; 3) flavorful apple sausage; 4) cheeses and charcutterie items; 5) fresh fruit galore; 6) and FRESHLY MADE MINI DONUTS :)I highly recommend this place for brunch if you want a peaceful, quality brunch in a restaurant setting, and to avoid the crazy crowds at some of the Strip's more popular buffets.
5	Love, love, love this spot. Sitting outside under the subtle (a word not usually associated with Vegas) lighting and quiet, elegant ambiance I felt like I'd stumbled upon a secret oasis. The service is amazing. The drinks delicious. You wouldn't know you were on the strip! This is the real deal, which in a city known for faking it, isn't easy to find. I plan to be a regular during my short stay here. I just wish I were staying at the FS so I could take advantage of the pool. Actually dreamed about this place last night. I've got it bad for the FS.
3	After reading previous reviews I was rather disappointed in the overall experience for brunch.  The food quality was good but not exceptional - the "brunch"  was more of a European style breakfast with cheeses and cured meats.  Service also lacked the polish and professionalism that Four Seasons is noted for.   The server had to be asked more than once for beverages.  It is a beautiful setting but is definitely lacking from previous visits in years past.
5	Such a peaceful and elegant place to have tea.  The restaurant is tucked away in a small corner of the Four Seasons Resort, which is connected to Mandalay Bay.  If you park in Mandalay Bay's lot you can easily walk there.  They do require 24 hours of advance notice, so book ahead.  They make some of the best scones I've ever had, and paired with one of their organic teas you can't go wrong.  The staff were extremely pleasant and accommodating...since I came at the end of tea time they even let me take some extra scones to go!Please check out my full review here:  http://thirstyfortea.com/2013/07/09/tea-on-the-strip-verandah-las-vegas/
5	Buffet review only:Impeccable service.  Bomb diggity.  $40/pp.  Just go. My boo surprised me with a breakfast buffet and from the minute we walked in, I felt we were treated like high rollers.  Verandah is situated inside the Four Seasons and right beside the pool.  Should you wish to people watch and bask in the sun, then the verandah of the Verandah (see what I did there?) would be your ideal spot.  Otherwise, I'd suggest you bathe in the luxury of elegant decor, white linens, and a relaxed eat-at-your-own-pace ambiance of  their indoor dining area.  You are not obligated to partake in their breakfast buffet, as there was separate menu  that featured the usual breakfast fare.  After being seated by the friendly hostess, our server took our drink orders.  We then galloped to the buffet area to feast!The buffet was relatively small Eggs Benedict, eggs, and bacon.  I was surprised with the quality of Eggs Benedict.  I'm not a connoisseur of EB, but damn.  The biscuit was crunchy!  I did not expect it to have texture if it had been sitting in a food heater/water bath all morning.  That was a good surprise.I'm not a fan of drip coffee, but damn, even the coffee was good.  Some stand-out items were the scrambled eggs with smoked salmon, peppered bacon, French Toast with berry compote, vanilla bread pudding, and assorted pastries like blueberry scones with lemon curd.  Yummy in my tummy!Also Included in the buffet menu was custom-made omelettes.  I ordered mine made with spinach and other standard accoutrements you would put in any omelette.  One thing I MUST note  was my spinach was cooked PERFECTLY in the omelette.  In all other omelettes I have had that included the green, leafy powerhouse, the spinach had been cooked into nothing and offered no *textural* contrast to my omelette.  Oh, but at the Verandah, you see, my omelette was perfection! Another area that exceeded my expectations was the efficacy and professionalism of the staff.    My coffee was constantly refilled and other servers (including our own) periodically asked about our food and our experience without being too invasive or too fake.  I was having trouble cutting the biscuit of my Eggs Benedict with a dull dinner knife and our server noticed and handed me a steak knife so that I could cut through the biscuit (I couldn't, but I much appreciated the gesture).It just seemed that everyone we encountered was genuinely interested in our dining experience!  That's always a plus for me and makes for a glowing review on Yelp.
3	Yogurt and Granola Yuck and Coffee sucks.  Along with their cappuccinos.  Otherwise , it is great.  Bagel and Lox are great and so is the Omelet.
5	This is my second favorite place to get brunch in Las Vegas, and favorite on the south side of the Strip.  On the north and overall, I still prefer Tableau at the Wynn but this is very close.
4	Came here twice, once for their afternoon tea and the other for breakfast (a la carte off the regular menu, not their buffet brunch).  It was my first time having afternoon tea service so I didn't have anything to compare it to but can say that I liked it.  First of all, it was so cute and girly as there were several parties of mothers and their young daughters that afternoon.  What a fun idea for an outing!  As for the tea and food, overall it was all very good.  I asked the waiter if he could suggest something fruity for me and really liked what he picked out.  (I'm pretty sure it was the Mountain Berry Tisane.)  The sandwiches and scones/spread tasted great!  Must admit I wasn't too crazy over their dessert, though.  Some of it was actually dry.The next day we came back for breakfast and ate out by the pool.  It was a hot day but clouds and misters helped keep us cool.  The atmosphere was amazing!  Totally recommend eating out there.  The food was average.  Not the best breakfast food I've had but not the worst either.  (Surprising but restaurants can actually do bad breakfast food!)  It was also pretty expensive, maybe $30 for my order.  But then again it's the Four Seasons and you're paying for atmosphere as well.  I got The American - eggs, hash brown, choice of meat, bread, and juice.  I forgot what juice I had but whatever it was it was so delish and refreshing!  I really enjoyed both of my visits so four stars for Verandah!
5	Service was excellent both times when I came here for breakfast and lunch. They even remembered my name!  Breakfast items via the American was superb with great portions.  Lunch consisted of a combo of fish and shrimp tacos which were all sublime. Love this place.
4	There's just something so sane and proper in visiting a Four Seasons.  No matter where you are or how stressful life is, getting a cocktail at their bars, eating at their restaurants, or sleeping on those amazing beds will remove that stress in your life and make life seem, almost perfect and well deserved.The Verandah promised this upon entry for breakfast.  The classy and understated decor, the beautiful tones that screams taste, and the nice welcome from the staff.  After a week long of craziness in Vegas, we came here to transition back to ourselves before getting on a plane to leave.  The Verandah did not disappoint.  The food was very good, the service friendly.  But since FS to me is of certain standard, I did take a star away because even after explaining to our server that I would simply like omelets with no hash brown or toast, it still came with those items.  Since I am in a low carb diet that day, this was simply torturous as those perfectly crisp, carefully trimmed hash browns beckoned to me throughout my meal.  Somebody has to pay for that torture, and voila, there's a star off!  I will definitely be back when I am allowed carbs again and will definitely try their afternoon tea.  Ta-ta!
4	Verandah is a taste of the good life.  Located in the Four Seasons, the restaurant has a luxurious patio the nestled along the tranquil pool area.  They have a fabulous looking all-you-can-eat brunch on the weekends (was tempted just to try the doughnuts), but we opted for farm to fork menu items instead.  The eggs benedict is perfectly prepared, served over tender polenta cakes along with snapping asparagus spears.  The wife went with the corned beef and pastrami hash that had the best crispy potatoes available on any breakfast menu.  The son got mini belgian waffles that he smothered in cinnamon butter and syrup.  The service was perfect and the atmosphere is far more relaxing than fighting the lines at the casino buffets.
4	First they brought out bread.  The bread was good however it was cold and not warm which is a minus.  the second thing I ordered was the butternut squash soup which was incredible and I highly recommend. Next I had the mahi-mahi fish tacos the mango salsa on top made them very good.  The only disappointment was the side slaw salad which virtually has no taste I had to finally add salt to find if there was any flavor or not
3	Came for a final breakfast with my in-laws before leaving Vegas. We sat outside, which we immediately regretted as there was constant leaf blower noise for the majority of our meal. We had trouble ordering, between the noise and my in laws NZ accents. Our waitress very bluntly stated that she couldn't understand us. Really?Food was fine, overpriced for the experience. We won't be back.
3	Pretty pricey for the tea service. It's kinda fancy, but the taste isn't quite there. I had the nutcracker seasonal tea which was very yummy. However, the sandwiches were just alright. As well as the petit fours. Though the sugar cubes was a nice touch, it's not for me. I haven't tried their regular menu though.
5	This is a gem of a restaurant tucked in the Four Seasons Las Vegas. On our recent visit, we experienced wonderful breakfasts and an extremely well priced happy hour. On Saturday and Sunday, Verandah puts on a brunch that is not to be missed. Traditional egg and griddle dishes are served as well as the most delicious pastries I've had in a long time. Dare I say best croissants this side of Paris? All I know is the pastry chef in residence here rocks! I also must mention the made-to-order donut bar available during brunch. So amazing, and worth the extra trip to the gym later in the day...Happy Hour at Verandah boasts select $5 apps and cocktails. My husband and I love the friendly staff and well crafted cocktails. Go between 4-7 pm for the Happy hour specials.
4	Located inside of the Four Seasons hotel, Verandah is an elegant hide-away from the noisy and crowded Mandalay Bay.  I came here with a few business friends for lunch...took the recommendation from the waiter and had the Seafood Insalate.  Lobster, crab, jumble shrimp, sliced boiled egg, tomatoes, greens.  Healthy, refreshing, Abundant.  I loved it except the price --$26.   Food in Vegas is insanely expensive these days.  For that price we get two entries in LA.  Wait staff is professional and friendly.Interior is stylish and beautiful.I will probably come back to try their signature items.
5	I came here for the brunch buffet (offered on weekends only, 8am-1pm) with a group of girlfriends. Let me just say I haven't felt this gluttonous in a very long time all because of the high-quality foods that were offered. Buffets aren't usually my thing, but this one was worth my while. From a pescetarian standpoint, everything from the fresh squeezed orange juice to the scrambled eggs with smoked salmon was delicious. To top it all off.. Our server, Paul, was very friendly & attentive. If you're willing to spend a grip of money for a fancy brunch then visit Verandah at The Four Seasons hotel: $39 per person & there's an additional charge to include the Bloody Mary bar with your meal. Enjoy!
4	Incredible food , terrible service .  Pretzel bun chicken panini was AMAZING! And my ice tea had tea ice cubes so it was never watered down . I would definitely come back for the food, but I was very disappointed in the service , especially for a Four Seasons restaurant . Drinks took forever , the server never came back to ask how our food was , and I asked the server that delivered our food for blue cheese , it never came . I then tracked down our server to ask . Someone came out and asked if I wanted crumbles or dressing . I said dressing . Several minutes later he brought crumbles . I had to ask again for dressing . It finally arrived when we were done eating . Something so basic made drastically complicated .
5	We visited the Brunch Buffet with a couple of girls and it was really delicious. I'm usually not a fan of buffets but this was fantastic. The stand out dishes were the pastrami/corned beef hash served in a tiny skillet. The mascarpone cheese blintz, pannatone French toast, roasted potatoes and black pepper bacon. How could I forget the eggs Benedict and the fresh donuts. The coffee glaze donut with chocolate sprinkles was oh soo good. There is something about the four seasons that just transports you away from your worries and this location is no different. I will be back very soon.
5	Starting at the parking lot you have extremely polite valet attendants and people opening the doors and welcoming you. Walk to your left and enter the Verandah. Do yourself a favor and ask for the outdoor seating. You can hear birds chirping, soft relaxing music, a peaceful waterfall, heat lamps, covered patio so no sun in your eyes. I instantly transported myself to the 4 Seasons in Maui which I fell in love with. Towards the end of our breakfast the pool was filling up. I think the earlier you get to the restaurant the better so you're not experiencing the pool crowd. Even then there were no screaming kids, still relaxing.On to the food, its hard for me to decline a customized omelette bar. The ingredients were good but I think a homemade salsa would be much more appropriate for the high price tag we were paying. This was Pace picante salsa straight from the jar. Also a few more gourmet items such as sun dried tomatoes or goat cheese would have been nice. The highlight for me were the mushrooms and spinach which were cooked perfectly.  On to the hot items. Eggs Benedict was delicious, frittata, quiche, corned beef hash, scrambled eggs with salmon, scone with lemon curd, mascarpone cheese blintz with roasted apple glaze, vanilla bread pudding (couldn't try this because it was in a such a big bowl, wish they had a mini size), applewood smoked bacon, peppered bacon, guava pancakes, and more. There were a bunch of pastries I did not touch. My husband got a pastry and it was rock hard. I'm thinking people don't waste their time on those pastries and it was old. On to the next section- bagels, breads, smoke salmon, capers, tomatoes,  onions and do not miss the honey roasted peanut butter made fresh!!! I asked and there are no other ingredients. It's outstanding! I enjoyed the mini banana parfait with candied walnuts and homemade granola. The juices included was fresh squeezed orange juice and fresh mixed berry juice (including watermelon, cantaloupe, and berries blended together). It was really yummy! They also offer coffee. The service was too notch. I never once had to ask for anything but it wasn't pushy and annoying. Drinks were filled and they walked away, I appreciated them not interrupting conversations. They were quick to take plates and asked if we needed anything but like I said it wasn't too much. Don't be like me and stuff yourself and not leave room for the fresh donuts!! Don't miss out on the donuts. Now take a bite of bacon then a bite of a mini glazed donut and now yours in heaven!!!For $7 more you can have a Bloody Mary from the bar. You make it yourself with lots of complimenting toppings and additions!! They also have an option of unlimited Bloody Marys! I think I would have enjoyed this experience just as much with ordering off the menu. It's pretty expensive for breakfast but a nice treat that has some good quality items.
5	Had a great brunch on Sunday with some friends. Had to wait a bit before getting seated. Breakfast menu ended at 1pm and we just made it at 12:30pm. Had a great table right by the pool, comfy chairs at a round table that seated 7. The waiters were fantastic and we always had at least two ready to help us. I had the omelet with extra bacon which was delicious. Great mimosa and the Italian Screwdriver was interesting, although a bit sweet for my taste. Others at the table had the bloody mary and were going on and on about how great it was so I assume it was delicious, but I'm not a big bloody mary drinker. It took a while for the food to get to me because I ordered early with three of our friends, and then the other four came about 10-15 minutes after us. Even though we asked for our food to be brought when it was ready they still brought out all the food together. I won't ding them for that, we did kind of feel bad about possibly eating before our friends. Overall, it was a beautiful location, delicious food, and a great experience!
5	Peaceful, outdoor dining experience by the pool. Excellent service and the food is amazing. Great for brunch.Afternoon happy hour drinks are cheap. Try their Dark and Stormy
5	Had the brunch and the bloody mary bar.. all tasty, great choices at the bloody mary bar was pretty varied. everything was good, fresh and hot.... the donut making station was yummy
5	Gr8 weekend buffet.  Creative food, fine service and Four Seasons' ambience.  Gr8 for power lunch or quiet breakfast on outdoor patio overlooking beach at Mandalay Bay.  Reasonably priced.  Try the fresh doughnuts, little skillet creations and made-to-order omelettes.
2	I wanted to love this place. I wanted to eat breakfast here each day of my trip. But my service was SO bad, that I couldn't return. And the food wasn't anything to write home about. The atmosphere is so nice.. a beautiful escape from the noise of the strip. I don't know if I didn't look rich enough to be dining here.. but that is how the server treated me.. and I was wearing a suit, not pajamas! I ordered the corned beef hash and the flavor was good but the texture was not. It was ground up so much that I don't think it could have been considered a hash. The service was just such a frustrating experience.. I actually think I waited for my check for almost 20 minutes after asking. I would be willing to give Verandah another chance for breakfast because of all the amazing reviews.. but not anytime soon.
5	We came for an early dinner with my little ones in tow. They were very accommodating with my children. They provide coloring books with crayons and their kids menu is good. The Mac and cheese was good and big enough to share between two small children. The hot dog plate came with two mini hot dogs. The passion iced tea is so refreshing and it came with unlimited refills! The beet salad was surprisingly very filling. Our server Jose was simply amazing! He made our dining experience very comfortable. He knew to bring the kids out their food quick. We look forward to dining here again.
4	It's decent. Came in for dinner on a Friday night. It wasn't my first choice to visit the Four Seasons Hotel for dinner, but I think I was content.I had the New York steak for $35. It was served a la carte, so ordered some spicy broccolini ($7) to go with that. Started with soup and finished with wine, so about $75 per person at the end. The service was good, not great, but still didn't affect the dining experience.
5	We ate the breakfast for couple of days, the food was good and the fruits were super fresh
1	Good grief - this is the Four Seasons? Being a long time fan of 4S we popped in for my 60th birthday breakfast.Seat promptly - then waited. And waited. Finally a server took our order and we waited some more. And more. My hash/eggs arrive cold. My wife's arrive hot. Should I complain? Complain about mine and she gets to wait and have cold ones.  For extra bonus points - my toast shatters like ice when I try to butter it. Cold. Rock hard. Seriously Four Seasons?
4	We came here for a quick lunch on a weekday. Note that they only have buffet on weekends, and then only till 1pm. The dishes are on the expensive side, but what do you expect? It's connected to 4 seasons. We had 3 dishes:The margarita pizza (I think that's what it's called) - I thought this one wasn't great, though the girlfriend thought it was the best dish. The bread of the pizza felt a bit too soft, and the sauce plus pizza was lacking. Maybe I'm just being too picky since I'm biased towards NY pizza. Shrimp tacos - these were great, the shrimp was big and fresh, and the lemon and avocado sauce was interesting. I prefer the taco toasted a bit more, but overall I can recommend this dish. Seafood mac and cheese - This was the highlight of the lunch. They did not skimp on the seafood, with chunks of lobster, scallop and shrimp. I devoured it in minutes. Girlfriend did not enjoy it though, so it may be an acquired taste. Overall, I give the food a solid 3. The extra star is for the service, our server was very at tentative and checked on us several times to make sure we were ok.
4	Had the Signature Dish: La Pasta Cotta Nel Vaso which has Artichoke pasta cooked in a jar, scallops, calamari, langoustine, shrimp, tomato and basil. This was the most unique way for food to come to a dinner table - in a mason jar. It was worthy of the title signature dish!
5	Amazing Relaxing Experience Every Time!Do yourself a favor and have a nice relaxing breakfast or brunch Must sit outside on the poolside patio it has a sitting in the backyard by the pool on Sunday morning feel.  Service is impeccable they even remember and call you mr or mrs your last name.  Food is without compromise and is ALWAYS perfect.
5	This place is awesome!! It's pretty much hidden inside the Four Seasons hotel.  I've never been to the Four Seasons for all the years I've been to Vegas.  I decided to look for a really good Sunday brunch place. After searching for an hour or so, I decided to go to Verandah.Finding parking without valet was a bit challenging at the Four Seasons.  I managed to find a huge parking lot that was south of the hotel.  I wasn't sure if it was for the Mandalay Bay beach resort or for the Four Seasons but I parked there anyways.  There didn't seem to have any signs at all what it was for.  If you drive towards the entrance of the Four Seasons, it's valet only.The restaurant is located on the left after you go inside, past the PRESS cafe, which supposedly has really good cronuts.  When I got there on Sunday, it was already sold out, so I couldn't try it.I booked a reservation with opentable before coming to the restaurant.  The server was pretty attentive and got me seated within a few mins of arriving.  The place wasn't packed at all but had a decent amount of people.I seat outside, which was next to the pool area.  It was blocked off with some trees, so the patrons at the pool weren't bothersome.  After digging through the menu, I opted for the buffet brunch.  It was $40 with unlimited drinks, if you wanted Mimosas and such, you need to pay about $10 more.  As I scoured through the food, everything looked good.  I tried almost everything and I had to say, it was good!  The scrambled eggs with salmon were perfect, not too much salt and had the perfect taste.  The food varieties for the brunch ranged from banana pancakes, eggs benedicts to fresh made mini donuts (check the photo).  The waiter service was prompt and they automatically refilled my drink when I went for another round of food.I would highly recommend this place!
4	We came for breakfast on our last morning in The Four Seasons, however, I think all the room service and the poolside menu also comes from Verandah when you are a guest at The Four Seasons (Which we took advantage of plenty during our stay).  First of all:  Multiple Gluten Free options!  SO exciting for people like my friend and myself who generally dont get to have a lot of options when dining out.  The GF waffles are amazing, and although they use the same GF bread I do at home... it just seemed better.  Fruit was fresh, and juicy.  Chicken Apple sausage was not under/over done, and the mango/guava juice was sweet and not too thin.  Our men had the brunch buffet, and everything looked great from there as well.On the room service/poolside menu  food:  All was fabulous!  A great burger on a couple slices of GF bread with avocado and swiss, waffle fries, skillet corned beef and pastrami hash with eggs and shoestring fried potatoes, the large salads, chicken nachos... I would eat every one of these meals again and again!Service was very good, as well.  No complaints.
3	I had pretty high expectations for this place, but I'm sad to say that i don't think I will be coming back for brunch. I ordered the Eggs Benedict with a regular biscuit instead of the polenta. They forgot to make the changes, but I chose not to say anything. There was no real flavor and the asparagus on my plate was dead and bland. The one thing I thoroughly enjoyed was the freshly made donuts. Delicious :) the service was good of course, it's the Four Seasons. My brother in law enjoyed his corn beef hash, but everything else was okay. Their buffet looked appetizing because of all the fresh fruit and pastry options. Maybe I'll try that next time...
5	Fantastic as always.  Service is great. Good for any meal of the day. We will miss Andrew at the bar!
5	It was difficult for me to locate this place.  It is in the Four Seasons.  Nicely located poolside.  We sat outdoors.  On a hot day I would not suggest it.  There did not appear to be any misters or anything. They provide bread and olive oil.  The service is excellent!!! Caprese salad - DELICIOUS. The red and yellow tomatoes were so good. Highly recommend. Sliders - WOW. juicy flavorful cooked to perfection. I requested truffle aioli and smothered it all over... Even more yummy!  The potatoes with the are more like Criscut potato chips. Not was I expected but the sliders are so good it didn't matter. I really enjoyed my afternoon eating here in the sun with my shades on.
5	I can not think of a better way to spend a Sunday in Vegas than to grab a few friends and indulge in Verandah's bottomless brunch.  Served 8-1 on Sat/Sun.  I was certain that I had died and gone to foodie heaven.  You can order a la carte if you wish, but the buffet is an amazing adventure if you're up for it.  They offer bottomless bloody marys, and they actually have a great bloody mary.  You can pick between 3 types of salts for the rim, jalapeno, citrus, or bloody mary salt.  Next pick your vodka, bacon infused, jalapeno infused, or unflavored.  Bacon infused is yumazing!  The bloody mary bar includes housemade Worcestershire sauce, an assortment of picked veggies, horseradish, and all of the normal fix-er-uppers.  Steph approved.A Vegas brunch isn't complete without an omelette station, but this one comes packing with crab and many more choices than the standard issue.  Being the strategerizer that I am, I normally try to avoid carbs when I partake in bottomless brunch, but I must say I broke my rule and those little banana pancakes are fricking amazeballs!Next to the omelette station, this is this odd tabletop device filled with peanuts.  Well, if you press the button, the machine goes to work churning out the most delicious peanut butter you will ever taste in your life.  It's straight peanuts and sugar.  I almost never eat peanut butter and I can't believe how much I was enjoying fresh peanut butter at a gourmet buffet where I could be eating limitless delectable options.They have a handmade mini donut station, where you can walk up and custom order your donut(s) if you're into that kind of thing.  The only things that they don't offer are shellfish and a carving station, but I was so happy I didn't even miss them.  All of the items are made with very high quality ingredients with attention to the small details that many overlook.  Reservations are highly recommended.  Seating is also available on the patio by the pool.
5	My favorite dining in Las Vegas. Located in the four seasons. You would expect the prices to be off the wall but it is the most affordable restaurant on the strip.  It's shocking I know. I dine at the Verandah every year.  The food is delicious and the setting outside is romantic.  No matter what the outside temp eat outside.
5	The ultimate brunch mecca. Never in my wildest dreams could I have imagined the delicacies I would try at Veranduh. I was determined to find a fabulous brunch spot in Vegas for a bachelorette weekend. Not wanting a diner-like place, I was ecstatic when I found Veranduh. I called well in advance and they had room for our party of 9. The day of, we arrived a few minutes early, so our table was not ready yet. We happily waited in the Four Seasons pool area.We were then seated at a spectacular outdoor table. The menu offers a la carte items or a buffet style brunch for $37. Drinks were additional but the Unlimited Bloody Mary Bar sold me. First things first, get to the Bloody Mary bar. It had all the fixins'. All types of hot sauces, olives, pickles, bacon, salts, etc. If you had at least 2 (which you will, because it is so delicious), the cost paid for itself.Now on to the buffet. Holy moly. They have everything you could think of including:Omelet StationMini Huevos Rancheros (in mini cast iron skillets, I die)Eggs BenedictLoxPancakesWafflesPastriesAll types of breads (bagels, croissants, etc).Make your own donuts (well, someone makes them for you but you get to choose exactly how you want it!)I would rather go here every day for brunch and not eat any other meal. It is expensive, yet somehow reasonable considering you are in Vegas. The food and drinks are worth every penny. Service was top notch (I wouldn't expect anything less at the Four Seasons). Great for a group, also!My only warning would be: pace yourself. Try everything but save room for the next dish.I hope breakfast in heaven is at Verdanduh every day.
5	One of my favorite pastimes is: afternoon teatime at the Verandah. Alas, I don't have the finances to do it very often. I think that's what makes it even more special, because it is an occasional treat. The servers are the best!
1	just Got back from Father's Day brunch!! Waited and hour for a table that I booked a Father's Day reservation for! Food was stale portions were old and not replenished well.. grilled mahi fish tacos were raw taco truck had toppings were baking in the hot sun. Grilled salmon on out  door barbecue was like Sushi gross!!! Scones not even baked and chicken sausage not Cooked well!! No salad bar!!  Serving utensils at Buffet were gross!! No dress code no free mamosas.. no deserts no ice cream!! Worst buffet in Las Vegas!! Sandwiches and deli meat left out for hours!! I'm praying I don't get food poisoning from this horrorshow!!
4	A beautiful place to start your day. We had a reservation for Monday morning for breakfast, and I requested to be seated outside which we were. The place had a relaxing feel, and was not too crowded. I had the eggs benedict which were yummy and well balanced. My only complaint is that one of the eggs were cooked a bit too long, and didn't run when I cut into it. It's not a cheap place, but the location is great, so is the ambiance and the food is yummy. A fresh breath of air on the strip.
4	Quite good food, and outstanding service. Decor inside is a bit stuffy but gives the sense that you're going to an old fashioned fancy restaurant where you might see someone important at a nearby table. I'd try to be seated outside next time.
5	This review is coming a but late... But mothers day brunch is incredible here.  Is it pricey?  Yes.  Is it worth it?  Hell yes.  I went with my family and they had no less than 9 different food stations.  One was dedicated to juice.  Freshly squeezed, made to order juice.  That was just the tip of the ice berg.  Do yourself a favor and reserve a table for mothers day brunch at the Verandah!
4	Oh, Verandah! My Verandah! I was SO excited to come for their Sunday brunch! But my bad from not putting into affect the fact that it was Father's Day. Whomp whomp!The brunch buffet price was nearly doubled for the holiday, I was so upset and disappointed. I was SO SO SO excited for this brunch. But we enjoyed our meal anyway. The BF got eggs, bacon and toast. The typical and he said it was tasty. I got the Quatro, a small Gluten free waffle, scrambled egg whites with asparagus and pesto, grapefruit segments in agave syrup and a carrot juice shooter. The waffle was surprisingly good and who'd know that it was gluten free...no one! The egg whites were light and fluffy and very flavorful with the pesto. The carrot juice was very refreshing. Our server was great, my coffee was always full and it seemed when I went to pour my coffee he was right there behind me to stop me and did it for me.I look forward to my next visit for brunch and am hoping that all the awesome little stations we saw are the norm, I know some are but I have a feeling there may have been some additional ones for the occasion. I shall find out soon enough!
5	Had the breakfast buffet and french toast. Coffee was great! Requested outdoor seating and had a great experience. Would definitely go back for the overall experience.
2	While I love FS Spas, I am not a huge fan of the FS restaurants, ranging from Allium in Chicago, Blue Bar in Hong Kong, to Veranda in Vegas. I feel like a little kid getting all excited and am disappointed every time I dine at a FS restaurant. I decided never come back to Veranda, but why?1) The service was not on par with that of other FS restaurants - While the food at Allium and Blue Bar are mediocre, the waiters are friendly and helpful. On the other hand, the waiter at Veranda confused the orders of my friend and mine. She also forgot our requests for water. 2) The food was mediocre - Although I appreciated the parfait being less sweet, I was not happy that the ratio of the non-fat Greek yogurt and the granola was one to four. I ended up eating dry nuts most of the time. The orange juice that both of us had was not fresh and was slightly bitter. The juice was definitely two levels below that in MOzen at Mandarin Oriental. Although I enjoyed the view of the pool and the palm trees, I was disappointed by the overpriced mediocre food of Verandah. I would rather pay slightly more for the food and drinks at MOzen.
3	This was a four compared to other restaurants. It was a three compared to what I expected it to be. Overcooked burger, good fries, service was mediocre, not what I expected from the Four Seasons.
5	As hotel cafes go, this is as good as it gets. Tucked away in a corner of the Four Seasons lobby with a covered outdoor terrace poolside, here's a nifty little oasis. I've been several times and have always been pleased with the simple but flavorful dishes. The menu has mostly standard fare with an Italian/Mediterranean focus, but everything is expertly done in big portions with the freshest-tasting of ingredients. On my last visit, a big bowl of roasted tomato soup was particularly outstanding. Of course, the slick Four Seasons service is in evidence and the place manages that careful balance of feeling refined yet casual.
5	~Totally Worth It~The Verandah has definitely improved since the last time I stayed at the Four Seasons :)The service was Excellent and the Food was delicious. My mother, lil sister and I took a break from the pool and sat on the patio: We had Prosecco, The summer Watermelon and Arugula Salad. So light, refreshing and tasty. The watermelon and tomatoes were bright red and they were delicious. Next we had the Grilled Salmon on top of the Field Greens Salad. Both dressing's were spectacular and it was a perfect late lunch to hold us over for dinner. I was here about 6 months ago and the service was terrible and the food was mediocre. They have definitely stepped up the food and service quality!!! Come to the VERANDAH for a great dinning experience. It's not just a lunch place, the dinner menu is spectacular, too :)
4	We went for a late dinner last night and had a lovely time here. The style and dim ambiance of the restaurant felt very elegant and comfortable. Service was courteous and everything we ordered was delicious. We started off with beef tartare, which was incredible. The signature pasta (served beautifully in a jar) and four cheese pizza also did not disappoint. For dessert, we had the panna cotta trio and loved each individual flavor. I am looking forward to coming back here again and trying out the brunch menu and happy hour specials!The only negative was that they charged us for every single soda refill. Most standard restaurants don't charge for soda refills, so I would think for a high class restaurant where you're paying an easy $30+ per person, they wouldn't be so stingy on that sort of thing. Not to mention each drink was always loaded with ice, hence why we needed so many refills.
2	Let me start off by saying I was expecting more from Verandah at the Four Seasons.When the hostess was walking us to our table, I noticed mini donuts sitting out and asked the hostess what they are for. She said they are for our guests and you can take one. I took two mini glazed donuts, even though, I did not like the fact that they were sitting out. It looked tacky and for The Four Seasons I expected a classier way of serving them like having them on a tray with serving tongs or keeping them in the back and having the waiter or hostess ask if we would like complimentary mini donuts. As soon as I sat down at the table outside I noticed it was dirty. There was a sticky red substance on the table and crumbs all over the table, chairs, and the surrounding floor. For the prices that they charge here, attention to detail can not be overlooked. While looking over the menu, I asked the waiter to bring over some bread and balsamic. The balsamic was low quality and tasted very bitter, the container looked like it had not been cleaned for quite a while and was just refilled before the first shift of the day. I decided on the summer spaghetti and my friend chose the Tuscan chicken salad. 25 minutes later our food had not come out and it was hot as hell outside so we asked to be moved to the inside. As soon as we sat down we noticed it was just as dirty inside as it was outside. The table next to us had dried food particles on the side of it, booths were falling apart, and dust was all in the crevices. Summer spaghetti- not well seasoned had to add salt, crushed red peppers, Parmesan to make it passableChicken salad- lettuce tasted like paper towels, ingredients were low qualityI called over the manager to tell him how filthy the restaurant was and that my expectations were not being met. He proceeded to write everything down on a note pad and thanked me for my feedback. I ended up sending the chicken salad back and we shared the pasta. The manager sent over a few complimentary desserts- Nutella cupcake, cherries, Panna cotta with kiwi gelatin on top? Both the Nutella cupcake and Panna cotta were amateur. The cake part of the cupcake tasted worse than a store bought mix and the Nutella buttercream frosting was lacking any type of bold flavor. The cherries were not even good, I felt like the manager just threw together a dessert without thinking it through. When the bill came I noticed I was charged for the chicken salad. I told the waiter I should not be charged for an item I didn't eat. The manager comes back out and says you ate half the salad, and I said we tried the salad and realized it was not up to par. He ended up comping the meal for our sub par experience.I hope to see improvement after the remodel is done because this restaurant needs to be refreshed and professionally detailed. I appreciated the manager comping the meal and bringing out a few desserts. However, after the lack of attention to detail at Verandah, The Four Seasons in Las Vegas is not what it's cracked up to be.
5	Verandah at the Four Seasons just served one of the best meals of my life.  Shared at our table for two, bread with EVOO and bottled water, caprese, beet salad, field greens, ahi tuna steak, top sirloin, salted carmel chocolate eskimo bars, espresso.  Maybe sounds not so special, but each and every element of every dish was pure and distinctly rich in natural flavor, clean, and very high quality.  Excellent service, outdoor seating, warm desert breeze.  The only downer:  loud junky static broadcasting from Mandalay Bay stage next door... Can't call it "music."
2	It's just not very good. Limited menu with no choice but expensive entrees.The service was mediocre at best. I did not feel like I was at a Four Seasons. The fish was ok, but the pasta side was disappointing.Oh well, live and learn.
5	We went here for breakfast and we're not disappointed! Yes it's pricey, but in Vegas you get what you pay for! The food came out hot and fresh. The portion size was perfect as well. We sat outside and it was so relaxing to be away from the hustle and bustle of the strip. Overall, amazing!
5	Back in Vegas, sick and hung over, but I had to drag myself out for verandah brunch. Still as amazing as I remember. I have a flight to catch and our sweet waitress, Heidi, was amazing at rushing our food for us. Top quality food and service, I love you Verandah!
5	Great food, exceptional customer service, and love the atmosphere as well. I have been eating here for years and it is always a pleasure. Everyone from the valet staff to the restaurant staff are incredible and go out of their way to give you an excellent experience. I am also a strict vegetarian and Verandah always goes out of my way to accommodate my needs.
5	Located in the Four Seasons". Sitting outside in the Verandah is always nice. The service is great. The food is exceptional. Sundays brunch is awesome with a Bloody Mary build your own bar. Always look forward to dining when staying at the hotel
2	We went to Veranda for breakfast and we found it to be a total let down. Server was not attentive, $14 Mimosas served in a tiny skinny champagne flute, the orange juice was not even fresh, it was from a bottle but they will lie to you because I asked if it was fresh and I was told that yes it was, then I asked if it was freshly squeezed on the premises and was told that actually not they get it bottled - why the bs?! If OJ is bottled it's pasteurized NOT FRESH, and I could definitely taste that it wasn't fresh. The Frittata ($18) was a very small serving and completely flavorless, even the accompanying veggies were bland. We ended up paying $140 for a simple breakfast for 2. We expected the high prices since it's the Four Seasons, however it was a total let down, we didn't expect the Mimosas to be $14 - what a joke.
4	The breakfast buffet is about $40 . Beautiful display of food. Great variety . Love they they have food already portioned out for you. You also have the option to ala carte your breakfast. The oatmeal was delicious. I loved that they had almond milk. It's so hard to find.I know that the servers are being proactive and trying to anticipate our needs but I had been asked 3 times if I was done with my food bc I was taking a break . When my utensil are turned over I am done. Our server Louie was very nice!
2	This review is for a lunch seating. We sat down, ordered, ate and nothing came back up. That's about the only nice thing I can say about the food. Service was very friendly and it's got decent ambience, especially on the patio. If you must eat here, unless you enjoy government cheese melted onto soggy cardboard, I suggest you avoid the pizzas.
5	Favorite breakfast spot!  Service is awesome, especially Heidi!The food is fantastic, especially the huevos rancheros.
5	My wife was here on business and the only two meals we took together were breakfast in the Veranda.  One day the buffet was set up, and it looked like it was very nice and had a lot of unusual items, but we don't eat enough any more to justify the "investment".  I had the corned beef & pastrami hash browns, which was very good and a bit unusual in that the hash was more like very tiny french fries.  It was much better than Carnegie Deli's (in LV or NYC), and reminded me more of how good the pastrami hash at Stage Deli used to be, although it's not the same, of course.  My wife had the tiramisu croissant, which was very good but is more like a dessert than breakfast.  We ate inside that morning, and the service was very good.A couple of days later, we had breakfast outside, and it seems to take a while to get the waiter's attention and he was nowhere to be found a couple of times when we had a request.  My wife had the quinoa and muesle (or similar), and didn't expect the quinoa to be cold.  That was a bit unusual.  I had the eggs Benedict, which was quite good, but didn't come with toast or any other sides, which seems unusual as well.My wife had coffee both days, and didn't remark one way or the other upon it.  I had herbal tea, as my metabolism can't tolerate caffeine, and for both of us there were pots placed on the table for us to refill from.We didn't have the opportunity to try any other meals here, but we will if we stay at the Four Seasons again.
1	Disappointment!! This place used to be my favorite place!!! We went for a happy hour from 4-7pm everyday. We ordered 4 items out of 5items on their hh menu. The food was ok very small. Typical bar food. Somehow when i looked at the bill, $7 house red wine turned into $17 cabinet. Also ordered the signature pasta in the jar, but it was just a seafood and chopped up pasta in a soup. The pasta doesn't even worth the $34 before tax. Plain chocolate cake was $10. Not impressed at all. Never go again.
5	Items selected:Lavazza Italian CoffeeRustic Cut Corned Beef and Pastrami Hash, Florentine Eggs Benedict with Hollandaise, ChilaquilesCinnamon Roll, Pain au Chocolate, Blueberry Cream Cheese Coffee Cake, Raspberry Coffee Cake, Bear Claw, Raspberry Tart, Blueberry Muffin, Cinnamon Oatmeal Bran MuffinTiramisu Croissant French Toast - Banana-Apple Compote, Citrus Mascarpone CreamChicken & Waffles - Sweet Basil Fried Chicken, Savory Bacon and Chive Waffles9-Grain Bread with Fresh Ground Peanut Butter and Strawberry Jam, Fresh Fruits, Apricots and Figs, Artisan Cheeses, Farro and Greek Yogurt Parfait with Almonds and Cranberry Compote, Chilled Red Quinoa Cereal - Whipped Almond Milk And Ricotta, Sliced AlmondsPumpkin Orange Ricotta Pancakes with Pure Maple Syrup, Mascarpone Cheese Blintz with Roasted Apple Glaze, Plain and Red Currant Scones with Lemon Curd, Cinnamon Panetonne French Toast with Berry CompoteBreakfast Potatoes with Onion Confit and Crispy Pancetta, Peppered Bacon, Candied Bacon, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Chicken and Apple Sausage, Pork Sausage Links, Breakfast PizzaMaple Pecan Sticky Bun, Fresh Made Donuts, Bread Pudding with Vanilla AnglaiseInvited to enjoy Veranda's weekend brunch by PR Director Erica Johnson-McElroy after requesting clarification of a confusing online menu via E-mail, it was with a friend that I sat down inside the newly renovated space at Four Seasons and with a collection of dishes served amidst refined environs paired to service that warrants Michelin stars the experience that followed was a nearly flawless celebration of my one year anniversary of dining as a resident of Las Vegas.Certainly more limited in selection than Bacchanal or other Strip-side all-you-can-eats the Veranda Brunch Buffet is offered on weekends only and with menu selections offered to compliment the five stations it was only the flavorless Florentine Benedict that proved less than delicious while at least a half-dozen items trumped most versions elsewhere, buffet or a la carte.  Taking an approach to volley savories and sweets course-for-course it was after a brief tour by the restaurant's GM that dining commenced and with the newly conceptualized hash a truly stunning blend of textures and flavors a plate of pastry soon followed, the moist bran muffin sweetened by honey and creamy blueberry coffee cake standing out ahead of the pack.  At this point opting for two menu-items both the crisply breaded brined bird as well as its accompanying mini-waffles were undoubtedly amongst the best in town but stealing the show was, predictably, the Tiramisu French Toast - a composition of buttered croissants soaked in custard with a golden sear beneath fresh fruit compote and light, tangy cheese.  Slightly underwhelmed by charcuterie selections while the fresh ground peanut butter and a Greek Yogurt Parfait impressed on buffet-plate three the fourth plate was a sinfully sweet quintet with fluffy seasonal pancakes and soft, buttered scones both benefitted by exemplary toppings while the blintzes bested those at Carnegie Deli with lovely autumnal apples and a far less impactful hit to the wallet.  Impressed moreso than usual by breakfast meats, particularly the candied bacon found on the optional  Bloody Mary Bar, it was expectedly in sweets that the meal called it a wrap and while drinking what might as well have been my twentieth cup of coffee the fresh-made mini donuts were indeed a treat, but not nearly as wowing as the exceptional bread pudding - a traditional preparation with a chocolate surprise at its base that was all the bettered by rich Anglaise, both items something I'd held off on until the very end because I knew that to indulge earlier would compromise my ability to pay due diligence to the rest.Having not yet experienced the Sterling Brunch at Bally's, the unlimited champagne feast carrying a tab more than double the price, Veranda is undoubtedly amongst the city's most refined brunch experiences while service never once leaves the diner for want.  Well culled in selection, with items from the menu offered on request, the $40 tab with additional costs for bottomless drinks is a pricey but well justified tally and with strong focus on seasonal ingredients a return visit will undoubtedly take place in the near future - a visit for dinner also on the agenda in order to experience what some have called some of the city's most underrated Italian cuisine.
1	We visited for my birthday yesterday, and this was not the same experience that we had months before.  The service was absolutely awful and near non-existent.  The waiter didn't come to check on us or refill our drinks.  I had to hunt for the waiter and flag him down to ask for every drink refill.  Half of our party ordered bottomless bloody marys, which were also difficult to obtain.  The waiter didn't know which vodkas were included, and didn't offer to find out and when I asked about the salted rim he simply said we don't have any today.  This was an absolutely shocking dining experience compared with our visit from 6 months prior.  I'm so disappointed because I used to love this place and rave about it to all my friends and yelp buddies.
5	Note:  A friend was invited by the Director of Public Relations to come to brunch and bring a guest.  We were comped for our brunch by the General Manager of the restaurant.That being said, this has to be one of the best brunch options I have had in Las Vegas.  After being given a tour and an explanation of some of thew operations by the GM, we set out.  I got two of their hot mini pans to start.  I found the corned beef and pastrami hash to be outstanding.  Instead of the common mixture of meat and potatoes, this was a totally different take with thin potato sticks being interspersed with the meat.  It was a winner of a dish.  The chilaquiles, something they haven't offered before, was also very good and it had some nice spice to give the dish some character. My second plate consisted of one pumpkin orange ricotta pancake, some peppered bacon, Cinnamon Panetonne French toast, a mascarpone cheese blintz, and a red currant scone with some lemon curd.  The scone and the blintz were winners in this round but there was nothing here that wasn't very good.Next, I got a plate with some of the meats and cheese, a piece of breakfast pizza,  seasonal scrambled eggs. and one chicken and apple sausage.  The meat was the disappointment of the brunch.  There was a small selection and it was difficult the way the meat was folded to get a piece without destroying the way it was placed on the dish.  The cheese was better but the one was so flavorless we couldn't tell what it was.  At this time, I tasted some tiramisu French toast and some chicken from two items my friend ordered from the menu.  The French toast was amazing.  The chicken was moist and the coating was crispy and falling off the meat.No, I wasn't done yet.  I got a Farro and Greek yogurt parfait with almond and cranberry compote and the citrus panna cotta.  The farro was my favorite of these two.Time for some more sweetness in my morning and I got some bread pudding with a small amount of the vanilla Anglaise.  It was outstanding.  I didn't give away the surprise to my friend who learned later when you got to the bottom, there was some chocolate that just added to the whole dish.Finally, we got four mini doughnuts and split the flavors so we each had one each of the two flavors.  They were good.I have to rank this brunch with the best buffets/brunches in town.  Service was exceptional.  Each time we went to the food area, our napkins were folded and placed on the placemat.  Water was constantly being refilled and coffee was always replenished.I was able to get up and walk away from brunch--a feat I wasn't sure I could accomplish and it would turn out to be my only meal of the day!  The room has been completely remodeled and despite the fact that it was almost full when we left, it was a very quiet place--an atmosphere conducive to conversation and enjoying one's food.  A well deserved 5 stars.
3	The brunch here is not as extravagant as at other Four Seasons and seemed expensive for what was offered.  (As of November 2014: $39 for brunch, $46 with one mimosa, $52 with the bloody mary bar).  My first surprise was there are not bottomless mimosas, as at other Four Seasons.  If you choose the bloody mary bar option those are bottomless (I highly recommend this option, as the bloody mary bar out shined all the other stations).  There's a station with traditional breakfast items (eggs benedict, sausage, bacon, potatoes, bread pudding, pancakes, etc.).  Other stations include: breads and pastries, fruit and cheeses.  Smoked salmon was the only seafood available and there were no carved meats, or other more impressive items that you might expect at this price level.  Customized mini donuts and omelets were available at the made-to-order stations, and our server brought freshly made waffles to our table.
1	Been here once before today and it was ok. But this morning, not so much. Sat for about 2 minutes before the SA came over to get drinks, She promptly delivered our juice, coffee and tea. We waited to order breakfast... and waited.... and waited.... and waited some more. There were three tables in the restaurant other than ours. The servers had plenty of time to stand around chatting but apparently not enough time to take our breakfast order. We notified the management were were apologetic, which we appreciated. The server then came over and said "Can I take your order?" Seriously? No hello, how are you, good morning? Gee, thanks a lot. As a service industry professional, it really grinds my gears to see people who have great jobs at a semi fine-dining restaurant waste my time because they're lazy. I'm never coming back here. I will say that the hostesses and our beverage server were nice as well as the management so this is just a reflection on the wait staff. You are lucky to have a cushy gig. get it together!!!!
4	Nice quiet little spot with a large variety of high quality food. Who knew a little Buffet could be so nice! Will be back.
1	Was so excited to get back and try Sunday brunch again after the remodel. Picked up a friend from the airport & headed straight for brunch. Like a fool I bragged about how wonder the brunch would be & worth the steep price tag. We had just been seated & grabbed out first treats to enjoy ONLY to be told the brunch would close in 15 minutes & we needed to grab what we wanted immediately. Say WHAT? What didn't the 3 hostesses tell us that when we wee seated? I have never been so disappointed! What a rip off & not what I expected for a top end hotel.  I will never go back & will need to find a replacement for that special donut station they had.
5	Great service from all in the establishment, and delectable food. We went for an early lunch and sat outside on the lovely veranda. Loved the lemon ice cubes in the tea!
5	Bellissimo! Complimentary focaccia infused with olives is served at the start of the meal - it was fantastic! I ordered the bufala pizza and it was fluffy and light, yet filling. My partner ordered the woodfired penne and it was nothing short of utterly delicious. The white wine sangria was perfect and the cannoli was a great end to our meal. The service was impeccable - our waiter was so attentive and informative. I definitely recommend!
5	Nice little restaurant with excellent food.The first time I dinned here was in 2007 with my relatives.We were here for a breakfast buffet(you can do a la carte as well)The breakfast buffet has a great variety and the food display is beautiful.The waiting staffs are attentive. I was impressed with the variety of food that they offered in this restaurant.I went back here again with my friend for a la carte breakfast.We get a compliment fruit plate from the Garde Manger Chef and it was good.The third& fourth time here for me was for lunch when I had relatives and friend in town.I would say a lunch menu here is not that special, but for sure the taste and quality is above average.The service is also good during lunch time.By the way,I do visited this restaurant again for dinner for my friend Claudette's birthday.I ordered a 3 course Italian meal(Made by chef Antonio).I would say Italian dishes here are one of the best in Las Vegas so far.My pasta was al dente and other dishes were yummy.Food display and garnished make my dishes even more delicious. So have here for breakfast,lunch and dinner and I have to say top class and want to give it a five star rating.I will definitely come back here again.
5	Brunch ran us $50 per person, and it was worth every penny.Everything that found its way into my mouth was delicious. I wasn't even sure what everything was, but I ate it anyways, and it was good. The bloody mary bar was excellent as well; don't forget to try the bacon infused vodka.It was also a lot quieter than a lot of the other restaurants, a nice change after a week in Vegas.
2	It seems most of these reviews are related to brunch, but I had a disappointing experience with dinner.  We were a party of 9 that came in for a business dinner.  I ordered Chef Antonio's "signature dish", La Pasta Cotta Nel Vaso (Pasta In a Jar), that our server said some diners come specifically to have, as well as a Caesar salad.  The salad was nothing special ... I've had better at Outback.  The "famous" pasta in the (small mason) jar was ... well, I just don't get it, especially for $34!!.  It boasted "scallops, calamari, and shrimp" but, aside from a few small pieces of scallop, the rest was pretty undistinguishable amongst the chopped up pasta.  In reading the recipe on Veranda's website, I can see where it's a bit complicated to make the caciucco sauce, but the end result was just not something very appealing to me, and I'm not a fussy eater.  For desert, I ordered their version of tiramisu to share with my husband.  Our server told me it was "family sharing size" but what came out was completely ridiculous.  First, it was topped with a huge puff of pink cotton candy (yes, you heard me) which, when removed, revealed little, tiny scoops of ice cream (about the size of melon balls).  Then, at the bottom, a small, round serving of what was supposed to be tiramisu, though I could detect no lady fingers nor any trace of espresso.  My Italian friend seated next to me told our server it was tasteless, to which she replied with a very disinterested, "sorry".  All in all, our server was attentive (we were virtually the only people in the place) and the ambience was nice, but the meal itself left me feeling luke warm, to say the least.
5	Do yourself a favor and have brunch here on the last day of your trip. There's no casino at the 4 Seasons, so it's good for when you're almost tired of Vegas.Second best brunch buffet I've ever had (Foundry Grill at Sundance still wins). Everything is fantastic. The donut station achieves greatness. The new Bloody Mary bar was a pleasant surprise. This place delivers on so many little details...grind your own honey nut peanut butter...jam from Austria...corned beef in a tiny cast iron skillet. Great experience.
3	We had weekend brunch at this restaurant.  Given that it was the Four Seasons, our expectations were very high.  We opted for the brunch buffet.The buffet was smaller than we would have expected.  The brunch consisted of mainly breakfast foods (eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes, french toast, pancakes, etc.).  We were hoping for some seafood and were disappointed that there was none.  The place did serve a variety of pastries which were delicious.The service was slow.  The pool was under construction so there was no view of the pool area. Overall the food was good and the service was fair.  I am only giving three stars since this was a Four Seasons buffet and therefore expectations were high.
5	Best service in town for breakfast. Great place to spend $50 on a cup of coffee and some toast. Ha ha.   Classy place to have breakfast and do business.
5	Get the tiramisu french toast. You will not be disappointed!
2	Stick to their Brunch that has apparently generated some positive reviews but think twice and avoid their evening dining.Sadly, our attempt for a fine dining evening experience at the Veranda was far less than satisfactory. They have redecorated the restaurant in what might be described as Contemporary Pacific Rim for Italian fare. Ambiance aside, it was the dinners that fell hopelessly into the category of grossly over priced for very unimpressive cuisine. One member of our party had to send his inedible pasta dish back, not once, but twice. The fact that his dinner was later comped did not alter the on going dining disruption for our entire party. Other guests found their dinners ranged from grossly lacking to ordinary. A Filet steak that was ordered Medium was served Rare. A side order of spinach was 1/2 cup of tasteless lukewarm greens. The Cotton Candy creation that was to be shared was laughable and correctly described by another reviewer.
5	This review is for dinner at the Veranda.  I've only had breakfast or brunch here.  The restaurant ran a Black Friday special.  Call on Black Friday, make a reservation for dinner some night in December, and receive 50% off.  That's a great deal!I had a reservation for 6.  There was only one other table occupied when I arrived but it soon got busy.  My server was Jose and he proved., along with all the staff, to be pleasant, polite, and very efficient!I ordered 4 things--pear salad, ahi tuna crudo, Penne Tegame, and an apple and fig crostata for dessert.  First I was brought water and quickly the iced tea I ordered.  The starter was the pear salad.  Their menu describes it as Bartlet Poached Pear, Spiced Goat Cheese, Endive, Pecans, Porto Dressing.  It was excellent.  The pieces of pear in the endive leaves with the goat cheese was an amazing combination.  The pecans added a texture element that was perfect.Next up was the crudo of very thinly sliced ahi tuna with balsamic soy dressing and guacamole. An interesting combination with ahi tuna but it worked very well.For the main course, I bypassed the signature pasta dish and instead went with the penne Tegame with a spicy Roma tomato and parsley sauce and mozzarella.  The red flecks of pepper could be seen and tasted throughout the dish.  The spiciness was not overwhelming for anyone.  It was excellent.Jose suggested the cannoli for dessert but I chose something different, the warm apple and fig crostata.  It had an orange and vanilla bean reduction/panna cotta gelato.  I am generally not a fan of warm desserts but this was amazing!  Very delicious and an excellent ending to a delightful meal.Service was the best!  My iced tea never got more than an inch down from the top when the glass was refilled.  Plates were removed quickly, and people addressed me by my last name taken from the reservation.  This is what I expect from a Four Seasons restaurant and they didn't fail.  In addition, I received a phone call on the way home because they thought they had found an item I may have left behind.  They were in error, but it shows the detail to service that's paired with great food.I'll be coming back for that signature pasta dish.  I have to check it out!
3	Items Experienced:Olive and Rosemary FocacciaPera - Bartlet Poached Pear, Spiced Goat Cheese, Endive, Pecans, Porto DressingSicilian Meatballs - San Marzano Tomatoes Sauce, Pecorino RomanoMelenzana - Breaded Eggplant, Oven Roasted Tomatoes, Smoked Mozzarella 'Guazzetto'Margherita - Roma Tomatoes, Mozzarella, Micro BasilLa Pasta Cotta Nel Vaso - Hand Cut Artichoke Pasta Cooked in a Jar, Scallops, Calamari, Shrimp, Tomatoes Basil, Caciucco SauceTortelloni Zucca e Manzo - Homemade Tortollini, Braised Short Rib, Pumpkin, Smoked Brown Butter, Sage, Winter TrufflePaccheri Napoletani - Napoleon Style Paccheri Pasta, 24 Hours Cooked Baby Pork Ribs Ragu, Italian Sausage, San Marzano TomatoesTagliolini Ai Gamberi - House Made Saffron Tagliolini, Prawn, Sea BeansPollo Cacciatora - Half Chicken Stew Cacciatora Style, Roman Tomatoes, Red Bell Pepper, Organic Creamy PolentaPatate e Funghi - Petite Potatoes, Wild Mixed Mushrooms, MarsalaCarota- Rainbow Baby Carrots, Black Olives PowderApple & Fig CrostadaMeyer Lemon ZeppoleAmaretto Tiramisu - Crispy Basket of Hazelnut, White Chocolate, Espresso Gelato, Orange Flavored Cotton CandyDouble Espresso and IceVisited just weeks ago for brunch as a guest of the Four Seasons there was little doubt that a return to Veranda was in order, and when the recently renovated restaurant decided to open its doors at 50% off to any diner making a December reservation on Black Friday the deal proved too hard to resist - the discount proving most fortuitous in the setting of a restaurant that has the gall to charge $14 for two tiny eggplant rolls and $12 for double espresso of less-than-ideal Lavazza served alongside, not over, ice as if defying one to make a mess in trying to do it themself.Acknowledging the fact that the first experience at Veranda was coordinated by PR with superlative service from start to finish, suffice it to say that a second meal booked under the name of two friends offered less impressive timing and having ordered substantially with requests for items to be sent out in a rather specific manner the start of the meal was almost inexplicably rushed - the delicious and soft focaccia hitting the table before menus were even opened and both fourteen dollar meatballs and the aforementioned eggplant arriving before a few small bites of brilliantly balanced salad were fully consumed.Treated next to a pizza that featured a surprisingly buttery crust with little char and rather flavorless tomatoes that thankfully received an upgrade from thickly applied Mozzarella and light accents of basil it would not be long before an onslaught of primi arrived and with the four-top table as well as meager sharing plates obviously overburdened despite our server personally suggesting he would "space out the pastas" two of the dishes were immediately sent back to the kitchen - Chef Minichiello obviously taking the gesture seriously by not only coming out to personally apologize, but also individually plating each subsequent course in tasting-menu fashion.Speaking specifically to the quality of the noodles, aside from the signature "jar" with pasta that logically becomes a bit soft due to the cooking technique, it can only be said that most of Minichiello's housemade creations are served with textbook consistency and with the two meaty courses more 'up front' with the flavors of slow-cooked proteins allowed to shine the flavors of the Pasta Cotta Nel Vaso and Tagliolini were far more restrained, the first melding shellfish and herbs with light cream while the later was an aromatic masterpiece, the saffron and sea beans each offering their unmistakable flavors in balance to sweet, snappy prawns.Pairing a half-chicken cooked Cacciatora-style, with far better results than that at Giada according to my two friends, to two sides that were simple yet impeccably prepared to maximize the flavor of every ingredient it was at this point that each in our party noted that we were becoming quite full and yet with a half-off dessert menu featuring no less than seven items I'd have liked to try it was with some restraint that only three were ordered - the doughnuts a but underwhelming when compared to the buttery seasonal Crostada, but neither even in the same ballpark as the 'signature' in terms of taste or presentation, the cotton-candy topped pedestal featuring soft lady fingers and mascarpone soaked in Amaretto with boozy blueberries and three balls of ice cream making for one heck of a 'sundae.'Tipping on the pre-discount total to the tune of just over $200 for the table it must be said that considering the cost of the meal Veranda presented one of the best dining values on the Strip in this particular circumstance, but taking into account the service gaffs and truly laughable coffee upcharge the question becomes whether yet another visit could be justified at double the price - something I cannot say I'm certain about at this point.
5	Love how this place is opened late. Came here after watching a show in Mandalay Bay. To eat, I got the La Pasta Cotta Nel Vaso. It's literally served in a jar. It was very good. I also had the Rita to drink, which was just ok. Great ambiance, service, and food. Would come back here again to try their other dishes.
5	Excellent service and excellent food! Definitely returning soon! I had a caprese salad (the best I've ever had) The homemade pasta was cooked to perfection. They were also extremely accommodating for food allergies.
3	We had dinner at Veranda, for the first time, on a Monday.  We came here on the Black Friday deal, thanks to Debbie and David. The ambiance was quiet and intimate. Here are the items we ordered:Bufala Pizza - Delicious.  One of the best pizza I have tasted.  The crust was soft and chewy.  Loved it! -La Pasta Cotta Nel Vaso (Signature Dish) - I wasn't a fan.  But the rest of the party loved it. -Tagliolini Ai Gamberi - This is the house made Saffron Tagliolini with Prawns and sea beans.  I liked this dish, though a bit salty.-Branzino Carta Fata - This is the European Seabass, served in a Parchment Bag.  The bag looks more like a clear plastic.  It was ok.  -Cavoletti - Brussel Sprouts were ok.-Chocolate Souffle - Delicious!  Debbie and I each got our own.-Mini Salted Caramel Eskimo Bars - Eh.Overall, it was ok.  Will Earl and I return for full-priced dinner? Probably not.  For Brunch? Maybe.
5	We had brunch here back in November. I wasn't sold on doing the buffet but then I caught a glimpse of it. Everything was hot and delicious. We also had mimosas which was the icing on the cake. There was so much food, impossible to try everything. I highly recommend eating here. If their brunch is this good, I can imagine dinner is just as delicious.
5	We were here for breakfast. Very good food, great service (typical for Four Seasons), selection if freshly squeezed juices. We will come back!
5	Nom nom nom it's a must place to chow down for brunch ( specially during summertime, outside seating ) this place is excellent ! Not to mention four seasons is soooo clean....the minute you walk in the hotel the smell of the place is  different from all the hotels in the strip. Check this place out. :)
5	NYE dinner was fabulous. Fixed menu was v good, especially as it suited non meat eaters. The usual impeccable Four Seasons service and a nicely decorated room made for a very pleasant start to the evening.
5	This review is for their weekend brunch. First of all, this could possibly be the most family friendly restaurant on the strip. Children get a coloring book, souvenir cup, and they even play cartoons if you need that to keep children still. The brunch is $39 and for a Four Seasons restaurant, its a very reasonable. Children are $16. Most items come in individual serving dishes and the highlight is a donut maker that will customize to your taste. Highlights of items include rustic cut corned beef hash skillet, red quinoa cereal, chicken apple sausage, applewood smoked bacon, chilaquiles, florentine eggs benedict hollandaise, mascarpone cheese blintz roasted apple glaze and ricotta pancakes. You can also choose an unlimited bloody mary bar. Unlike many Vegas strip buffet, they do take reservations, so use Open Table to make guarantee seating, because it gets busy here.
4	Was here for a party and everything was excellent. Beef tenderloin that melts in your mouth and a divine Cabernet.
