4	This is one of my favorite places to eat. I am wild for the "wild mushroom enchiladas" -- have had them several times and have really enjoyed 'em. The complimentary cornbread and butter is very good, especially when it is served warm. I also love their pecan-crusted chicken spinach salad. The ahi tuna appetizer is a treat.  http://www.ztejas.com/
4	My rating is based on this first review... not on the second.On my first visit to Z Tejas, I went at lunchtime with 2 guys from Boeing.  We had to sit at the bar since the restaurant was so crowded.  As I scanned the menu, the Grilled Green Chile Pork Enchiladas with green chile sauce and a tomato-avocado chopped salad caught my eye... and I'm glad it did.I dont necessarily consider myself an 'enchilada' type of guy, but this dish provided me with the best I've ever tasted.  I recommend this dish, with no reservations.Now for my second review.My boss and I headed to Z Tejas today.  I figured that I'd mix it up and try something new.  Bad choice.I was feeling a bit famished, so I ordered the more expensive menu item, which was Jack's Five-Cheese Macaroni Achiote.  The grilled chicken with bleu, Jack, cheddar, parmesan and romano cheeses and bacon gratin sounded like a complete winner.Where to begin?The dish incorporates real cheese, which I would normally find appetizing.  However, in this case, the entree was served piping hot, causing the cheese to string everywhere.  Kind of messy for a lunchtime meal.  So, I ate slow, in hopes that the threadlike curd would solidify some.  Well, it did, but it also left, what can only be depicted as an oily scramble, in the bottom of the bowl, due to separation.  Delectable!Well, I decided to ease up on the 'roni, and move on to the chicken, which was served with skin on.  Visually, the skin looked crispy... but I realized my peepers were punked when I chewed up on some rubbery epidermis.Swoop Says: skip the mac 'n cheeze, go for the whole enchilada!In other news, the server at the bar was top notch.  She refilled my palmer again and again, until my bladder shouted: 'Uncle!'.  When you need some pampering, saddle up to the bar.BIRTHDAY BONUS: Signup for their birthday club and get an annual $10 coupon in your email.~Swoop
4	Four stars for delicious margaritas and cornbread.I wasn't a fan of the mexican food here, to be honest.  I did enjoy the pork tenderloin stuffed with sausage though!
1	I will NEVER go to this specific restaurant again.  I have been to this location for dinner about 5-6 times.  The last time I was there, the service was horrible.  We waited 15 minutes for someone to come by and TAKE our drink order.  Then we wait 40 minutes to cash out. DON'T GO HERE.  Go to the one on Mill Ave instead.
5	I give them 5 because 1) food (salmon and salad with cornbread) was awesome and 2) GM turned a bad situation in a good one.i am visiting and am staying at the hotel across the street.  I went there in a recommendation and got there at 6...ordered my food to go with these two girls who are hella young (warning sign).  so i sat and waited, playing my brick break on my blackberry.  I figured they would call me when the food was ready but no one called.at 630 i got up to see whats going on...those girls in the front were like 'oh whats ur name, whats ur order,' and i believe my order was the only order they took.  they checked by the bar and was like 'oh here is ur order.'  of course i told them,dont you let ppl know their food is ready, and they were like 'oh ok'  idiots.  so i was upset of course and was about to pay when the gm came by and as like ' o my god were u waiting for this all this time?"  i told him i came in to order and thought the girls will let me know when the order was ready, and didnt know ihad to go to the bar to pay for it, which is way odd.  so he was like hey the food is cold, i will heat it up and just take it, dont pay, its our fault.so for that i give them a 5 star review from what would have been a 1 star review.
1	I don't think I get the Z Tejas paradigm.  I've gone here twice for work lunches on other people's dimes, and I can honestly say that the food doesn't make sense to me.  It's like they've taken great Mexican food dishes and then tried to yuppify them so they appear to be hip, trendy, and healthy.  They fail on all three counts and destroy the flavor in the process.This particular restaurant completely forgot about one person's food and he had to eat awkwardly after everyone else was already done.  They comped his meal, but since he wasn't paying for it anyway, it was no consolation to him.No me gusta!
5	Z Tejas has been and always will be one of my favorites here in the valley.  First, the good is great quality and great value.  You can get a great meal for $15.  I know people knock it because it's a "smaller" chain....but don't kid yourself, some of the mom & pop shops in town are just terrible.  Second, Z has great service.  It's one of the best run resturants I've been to and I eat out a lot.Overall, you can't go wrong with this pick for yourself or for guest.
4	Two words: Chambord MargaritaI used to not even like margarita's, Z Tejas changed my outlook on tequila.  The food is great too.  My usual favorites are the shrimp & guac tostada bites to start then move on to the artichoke chicken stack for dinner, and cornbread of course.  I've also tried the smoked chicken enchiladas and loved em.  Sunday morning brunch I have to have my egg hash...and a margarita :)
2	Ya know, I almost thought about giving Z-Tejas five stars just for having a separate, gluten-free menu, but I just couldn't bring myself to do it because the service was way below what I expect when I eat out.We, a party of five (including my parents, who were visiting from Scotland), were initially seated at a really cramped table when several booths were open. Remedied this by asking to be moved to one of them. In addition, we didn't receive a kids' menu until we had waited around for about 20 mins. So, picture this, I have a hyper kid on my hands because his blood sugar levels are low and he's ready to chew his own arm off as well as those of everyone else surrouding him. Great... I will say that a very large party (around 20 people) was seated nearby and our server was one of many attending to their every need.Our server had an excuse; he was new to the establishment and still in training. He was very cordial and was trying his best to deal with my gluten-free requirements. Turns out he wasn't given any training on the menu, with which he was very unfamiliar. Great...way to instill confidence that I'm not going to have a gluten-related "episode." Let me be clear, I don't blame him for this whatsoever. My hat goes off to him for trying. What got me was the dirty look I received from one of the female servers...WTF! What did I ever do to her. Message to her: You're in the wrong line of work, lady. Try collections or repossessions. I almost handed her back my gluten-free steak and vegs. My give up...The food, when it did finally arrive, was good, albeit a little bland in my case. Why the heck people think gluten-free food has to taste bland is beyond me. I wish Gordon Ramsay would come in and rescue kitchens from their gluten-free nightmares. My parents both enjoyed their meals; they ordered the filet mignon with mashed potatoes and green beans. My son enjoyed his cheeseburger, but then what kid doesn't? And, my husband enjoyed his seared ahi tuna steak, but felt the portion size was a little on the small side (he's a big guy). Next time, I'll try the chambord margarita. I don't think I can go wrong with that -- at least it's alleged to taste good and it's gluten-free. =) I will, however, be checking out the restaurant in Tempe and not coming back to the one in Chandler.
3	Solid lunch spot when you want something more than the standard soup, sandwich, salad.  I ordered some chicken medallion / side of potatoes dish and it was really good.  The queso dip was also good, too.
4	The service is inconsistent, but the food is always good - so I'm a fan. To elaborate, the menu is an interesting mix of Tex-mex Americana. They have enchiladas on the menu and right next to it a plain ol' burger! All their salads are great! And, I'm not a girl who "craves" salads. If I'm going to crave anything it will be peppered french fries. But, man, I crave the z-Tejas Jerk Chicken Salad. Slightly spicy grilled jerk-spiced chicken (spicy and jerked is redundant) with roma tomatoes, feta cheese, tortilla strips (which I omit), salad and a spicy creamy dressing (which I always have them put on the side).  If the description sounds to spicy for you, then try the Pecan Crusted Chicken Spinach Salad as it is awesome as well. Next time you are out on Ray Road or maybe coming back from Holiday shopping at Chandler Mall, stop by and try Z-Tejas. But for full disclosure, their service could be hit or miss. Ok- I've gotta run....I have a craving....
2	katie and i went here on sunday before an ikea trip.let me start off by saying we were seriously starving, i was so pumped to order my jerk chicken salad. we walk in and theres a 'bloody mary bar' and it looked absolutely disgusting. i alsmot lost my appetite by being greeted by that filthy mess of a germ bar.  i sat down while katie used the restroom and i ordered us water and myself a drink. katie and i sat talking for a bit and i asked,"are you going to get a drink?""ya, if he ever comes back" was her responsethen i realized it had been 10 minutes before we saw our waiter again. finally, he came around and tried to make us order chips. we were so hungry we almost did but passed them up. we ordered our food, it was sooooo cold in there I couldn't order my salad, instead i opted for a breakfast dish. and let me just say breakfast is not their strong point. another 15 or so minutes go by and we can't take it so we order chips. then we notice everyone around us is eating corn bread. HEY WHERE'S OUR CORNBREAD?!?! we don't need chips and salsa, we're supposed to get cornbread! so our waiter passes by us again so we ask/shout for cornbread.then, not even lying, our food, chips and salsa, and cornbread come to the table all at once. so overwhelmingthe chips and salsa were not good. my food was not good- i ordered the breakfast enchilada.if you eat here, stick to the jerk chicken salad(one of the best salads ive ever had) or the spicy chicken pasta which is perfectly spicy.2 stars for service2 stars for food on this trip(usually i would give it 4)2 stars for sunday morning ambiance(dinner is the time to go here)
3	I liked this place.  GOOD drinks.  Yeah, I had a lot of margarita's that night.  The food was good too.  I had this scallop appetizer which was incredible.  I guess it better be since it was like an $18 appetizer!!  LMAO  Hey, it was someone else's dime so I don't give a crap.  I don't like that vendor too much anyway.
4	Holy Chambord Margarita! Where have you been all my life???My first time, we did happy hour. Service was slow, but the food and drink made up for it. We ordered three appetizers and two rounds of the delish chambord margaritas. I am not usually one for frozen drinks, but this was wonderful - like frozen raspberry lemonade with a great kick!My second time, I went with a big group of kids and adults for lunch. Everything we ordered was perfect and delish and the service was great.The third time, I went just for the chambord margerita on a friday night with my husband around 10pm. It was standing room only - packed - all the pre-clubbers were getting their drink on. I have been another handful of times just for the Chambord Margerita. The food is great, but the prices are a bit high for what you get. I will still frequent.
3	Came here for a friend's birthday dinner. There were 12 of us and our waiter took great care of us in spite of the group size. We asked for separate checks and he didn't show any signs of an attitude at all. At the end, when our checks came some of us realized he had forgotten to charge us for our sodas. When we pointed it out to him, he brushed it off and said, "If it's not on the bill, it won't be there at all. Don't worry about it!" Now if only all our waiters can forget about charging us for alcoholic beverages...As for the food, my favorite was the free corn bread. Fresh from the oven, piping hot, sweet, with whole kernels of corn baked in and served in a mini baking pan. I could have eaten an entire pan of it and called it a night. In hindsight, that's what I should have done. The birthday girl suggested I try the Grilled Miso Salmon since she knows I LOVE seafood, adding that it was "pretty decent salmon considering we're in the middle of the desert." I'll also admit I'm not a big fan of Mexican food. Well, let's just say I'm sure there can be better salmon found in the middle of the desert than at Z'Tejas. The salmon was overcooked even though I asked for medium rare. The mashed potato cake on the side was just a lump of dry mashed potato that tasted like it was leftover and sitting in the fridge since last Thanksgiving. I definitely should have gone with a salad or Mexican dish.
4	My husband and I call Z'tejas "old reliable". When I don't feel like cooking and/or we need to meet for lunch near our house and don't feel like thinking too much, old reliable it is. We really enjoy the burgers, the chipotle mayo is tasty and the bread has a hint of sweetness. Unfortunately, there have been times were the bread was stale, not often but enough to remember.The shrimp tostadas, fish tacos and tortilla soup are very good as well. The Chambord margarita is delicious and I like the pomegranate-ginger margarita martini drink, the ginger-sugar rim is very tasty. I have eaten at different Z'tejas locations and they are pretty consistent. Service is usually good, never had anything worse than waiting a bit longer for food or our bill.
3	I'm kind of middle of the road when it comes to Z.  I think they're OK for happy hour, though their drinks aren't that great of a deal, but you don't need too many either.  Ada G. is addicted to their Chambord Margaritas and recreates them at home for us too.  As for their other food.  I've had a salad I liked and some apps were good but I've generally been a little disappointed with the rest.  My friend B's husband used to be a bartender at Scottsdale so once upon a time, we put in many Friday nights at the bar, sampling the wares.  Nowadays I just go for a "normal" happy hour and I'm not having to drive back to her house Sunday afternoon to get my car.  I'd have to say it's a much kinder, gentler approach.  Try them for happy hour.  Sit on the patio, enjoy the weather (unless it's summer) and have a margarita and some tostada bites.  I think you'll enjoy it.
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food9 *Drinks*9 Service9 Atmosphere6 ValueHonestly, the cornbread is so good I don't even care about the entree by the time it gets to the table.  And the margaritas are great, but expensive.  However, if you go the Martini-Rita route, you get some generous pours!
4	Had some incredible seafood enchiladas here. Salmon and shrimp with veggies in tortillas with some kind of awesome rich sauce. I swapped the rice for grilled veggies. Probably loaded with oil in the marinade but it was mighty tasty! Cornbread was pretty good too. And it's not too expensive to go on a weeknight... I think I spent around $20 with a glass or two of wine.
4	I haven't been to Z'Tejas in years.  So when a date asked if I wanted to meet there, I thought what a great idea, now I'll totally have something to Yelp about!We met at 6 pm on a Saturday night, and while clearly busy, it only took them 10 minutes to seat us.  The restaurant was nicely laid out, plenty of room between tables, and I didn't feel like I was crammed in a corner.  The noise level was perfect too, something that is missing from so many places.Our server was friendly and quick, and answered menu questions with suggestions and good information. I ended up ordering the 5 Cheese Macaroni & Cheese, and my date got the El Diablo chicken.  Both were pasta dishes, but very different.  The mac & cheese was gooey and tasty, and very filling - no appetizer and I could not finish my plate.  I really wanted to - the bacon on the top was the perfect touch.  My date's chicken and pasta was spicy, but not overwhelming - subtle flavors playing out nicely together. The portions were large enough that I couldn't even think about dessert, and was so glad we passed on an appetizer.  Overall it was a great meal, and I would have given them 5 stars, if it wasn't a chain restaurant.
5	This restaurant is my go-to whenever I'm in town.  Their menu is pretty amazing and always has a great selection of interesting, unique southwestern food.  My staples: the fish tacos, the catfish beignets, and now the Achiote Chicken chopped salad!  The tacos and beignets are always delish, but this salad is seriously scrumptious.  It has corn, avacado, and pumpkin seeds in it--which sounds like a weird combo, but it's great!  Today, I also tried the southwester chicken soup.  So good-chunks of avocado with grilled chicken and tortilla chips.  The cornbread is always great too-definite comfort food.  You can usually get a table pretty quickly there and their staff is always super friendly.
3	Kudos for having a separate vegetarian menu -- it made it really easy to order. The chopped salad I had was decent, though more like a poor man's version of Burmese tea leaf salad. Minus one star for charging four bucks for chips & salsa.
5	Oh Z, how do I love thee.  Let me count the ways.1. LOVE your margaritas.  Seriously.  I'm not a fan of tequila and/or margaritas generally speaking, but I love Z's margaritas.  Especially the Chambord and Prickly Pear.   Be warned though - they're VERY dangerous.2. SALSA!  I love it!  They also have an appetizer with a variety of 3 salsas, but honestly, their original is the best.  The chips are good too - light and crispy.3. EVERYTHING on the menu.  Not kidding.  I haven't had anything I didn't like at Z.  My faves include: catfish tacos, Jerk Chicken salad, Diablo Pasta, Wild Mushroom enchiladas, Mac & Cheese w/o bacon, the trout, seriously, the list could go on and on.My mouth is watering.  I think you get the point.  Go to Z.  ASAP.
4	Z'Tejas = awesome margaritas, delicious salsa and guacamole, ruby trout salad, and not to mention the often overlooked and missed bananas foster french toast of the weekend brunch. They also have many delicious other entrees, some of which I have sampled, but I must say I stick with the favorite standbys. Also a great place for a happy hour bite. Try the Millionaire margarita on the rocks!
4	The Red Chile & Mango Steak Salad is one of the Top 5 best salads I have ever had, if not #1. The combination of steak, blue cheese, spicy walnuts, tomatoes, and fresh chunks of mangos provides a flavor combination that is out of this world! Sweet, spicy, salty, savory, all it one delicious salad. What could make for a better lunch? The service is pretty good, the cornbread is hot, and the margaritas are worth every penny! Go there for lunch, or for the Bloody Mary Bar on Saturdays (only at this location) or Sundays!  Their brunch menu on the weekends is also one of my favorites!Plus, if you sign up for Z'Tejas emails you'll get a $10 coupon to use during the month of your birthday!!
5	I love love LOVE this place! Its next to my work which is convenient, but they answer my calls on the first ring, and always provide excellent service and food! Waitresses are very friendly and help me make decisions on what i should order! Their Jerk chicken chowder is MOUTH WATERING! but it is only a special, so i call everyday to see if they have it, and am DYING to have it again. Next time i will order it by the gallon and freeze it im not joking its amazing!!!
3	The margs are the best.  Seems like the food is slipping a bit to me.   Stick to the Chopped Salad....its really good.  Their chips....yuck.   But the drinks are great.  Make me very happy.
4	THEY FREEZE THE TEQUILA!  margaritas a great, and they have yummy snacks.  good for happy hour.
3	I find this place okay... it gives consistently a-okay food, but nothing great.  The prices are good and the drinks are good.  I find the food a bit heavy.   The salsas tend to be too sweet for my taste and no where nearly spicy enough.  It's a good alternative to other big-box chain.
3	Trekked here for lunch one day with some work folk. It left an eh in my mind. Not a bad eh, which is usually a 2 for me, but more like an I'll-come-back-here-if-someone-else-is-dying-to eh, which leaves it at a 3.I can say that the cornbread is exquisite. It's what cornbread should be. Corn and bread. It's not cornmeal trying to be cornbread. It's not some yuppie metropolitan height of sophistication's chef trying to be country. It's the no shit real deal. I appreciate that. I just have to remember to appreciate it in small quantities.The service was pretty on par for it being lunch on a Monday. My main dish was the seafood enchilada which was pretty on point, but not as good as the one at Blue Adobe. I was pretty annoyed to see it came with tomato even though tomato was listed nowhere on the menu. I will remember that. I may just return and order cornbread with a side of cornbread.
5	Z how much do I love thee? Let me count the ways... This is not your everyday Mexican food restaurant, they put their own extremely delicous spin on it.  Always good service and more often then not some real eye candy servers too =P Their Margarita's are the best in the valley, very tasty and strong! Well worth the price.  The complimentary corn bread is good but the butter it comes with is the best part, so sweet and delicious, definitely elevates the cornbread.  Shrimp tostada bites, best appetizer ever invented! Some days I just get these as my main meal so I do not have to share.  This is a must on the list when we bring newbies.  Every main dish I've ever had at Z has been great, love the Tortilla Soup, love their Salads, their Trout and Salmon are always so tasty, they do rice and beans perfectly.  I'd have to say where Z really shines though is their weekend brunch.  First you've got the bloody mary bar with all the fixings.  Then brunch comes with cornbread and delicious fresh baked muffins, a delicious sorbet & fruit palette cleanser and the main dish is always so scrumptious.  My favorites are the barbacoa enchiladas, the breakfast enchiladas and the chile quilles.  Sooooooo much food for an extremely reasonable price.  This is why I hit up Z's at least once or twice a month. Love it!
4	Money margaritas!  They hit u slow but guarantee a good night
3	Zteja's consistently delivers good food. I frequent the Chandler location for lunch because it's near my office. "Satisfied" is the feeling I walk away with every time.... Not ecstatic, not disappointed.   I particularly like that they've updated their menu to include vegetarian and gluten-free sections.  They've always offered these selections, but you had to pick through it and remove meat... but get charged for it!  The new menu allows you to get regular items without meat at a reduced price... me likely ;-).  My favorites are the Ancho Chopped Salad (Minus the meat and bacon) and the mushroom enchiladas.   Their chips and salsa are okay, but not really worth paying the $4 for.  I would recommend holding off for the corn bread... hint, hint... they don't bring it out until you order, it kills their ability to up-sale! I definitely recommend Zteja's for lunch, its good food with quick service (45min out the door).  My actual rating is 3.5, but that's not an option.
5	I love this place, friendly staff, food is great, loved the mushroom enchilada, steak salad is always a solid choice and of course the classic jerk chicken salad, appetizers are awesome.  ZTejas has my favorite salsa of any restaurant, wish they would bottle it.  Drinks are awesome.  Fun, upbeat vibe, great location.
4	Always good! Like most of the other Yelpers...Cornbread is Crazy Yummy, Margaritas are Tasty & Potent! Everything here is consistent, service, food, and drinks.
5	I have never had a bad meal at Z Tejas. Yes, its a little pricier then other mexican/ southwest places, but the quality of food makes it worth it. The free cornbread they start you out with is by far the best corn bread I have ever had. I love their Tejas Trio which is chips with salsa, handhacked guac, and queso. The amount you get of each dip is plentiful and this seems more worth it then just getting the tableside guac for the same price. For meals, my husband and I both love the chorizo stuffed pork tenderloin. It is amazing!!! Also delicious is the artichoke mushroom chicken stack. Their salads are very good and I can't get anough of the fry bread croutons they put on the salad. For dessert, I have only tried their seasonal cobbler and it was terrific. I have had it with apple and with peach. I havn't  been to Z Tejas in awhile and it makes me sad cause I really loves it. The service is always great, the atmosphere is beautiful and romantic and of course the food is unbelievable. Quick tip: Try coming here for dinner as there are more choices then what is on the lunch menu. I cant get the pork tenderloin during lunch and it makes me wanna cry   :(
5	I LOVE this place.  Great food at great prices with great service in a great atmosphere.  Great variety, great spices, great presentation, great menu.  Every entree gets a cornbread dish skillet to nibble on.  I think I would love everything on the menu.  Can't wait to go back and try them all.  Love It!!
4	One of my favorite places to eat while in Phoenix. The service at this particular one is always great too.
4	Still one of the best happy hours around! Half price (delicious) appetizers. More to choose from than a bunch of fried appetizers!  My favorites are the Shrimp & Guacamole Bites and the Street Tacos.Margaritas are always good! Bartenders are super busy but still always friendly, smiling and having a great time. Plus, happy hour is in the entire restaurant, not just the bar area, don't see that much anymore.
3	I was craving Guacamole, as usual. We decided to try Z'Tejas since they make the table side Guac. Service was Extremely SLOW. By The Way, I think they should serve complimentary chips and salsa instead of the complimentary cornbread. Any how, I ordered the Guac and the Chips and Salsa. The 3 salsas were, House salsa (tasted like spaghetti sauce, too sweet, yuck) Verde with avocado and tomatillo ( good but really bland, I had to add salt) and Fire roasted ( most decent of the three but still on the sweet side and I had to add salt.) The Guacamole was the most disappointing of all though. I did order it with out cheese and onions but that shouldn't have made a difference. It was completely lack luster and flavorless. No Lime juice or seasonings were added to it at all, except Salt, by me.  And I rarely salt anything.The husband did enjoy his breakfast enchiladas. The only reason they are getting 3 stars is because I do appreciate them having a small V/GF/VEG menu. Other than that, I wasn't impressed.
1	um, no. Group dinner here was terribly bland. Wine and food disappointed izquierda y deracha. This is the Olive Garden of Phoenix.
3	I hosted a networking lunch there yesterday. The food was great, the service was great. The only problem was the noise. Otherwise, very nice.A great place to come back to for happy hour.
3	Typical chain "southwestern/Tex Mex" food in a corporatey atmosphere. They have some tasty dishes and a killer sunday brunch, but everything on the menu is kind of ambiguous.Prices here are about on par with most places of this type (I put it in the Applebee's, TGI Friday's, Charleston's, etc.) category. I enjoyed my visit to this location better than my visits to the PV and Tempe locations.
4	Went here a few weeks ago for brunch. I will say that I am still a fan of Z Tejas but I think I just ordered the wrong thing. I had the potato hash and eggs which was ok but it seemed like it needed something more flavor wise. Maybe a little more sauce on top would have made it better. Also, since I was sick, I ordered the tortilla soup. It was a thick soup and I actually prefer brothier tortilla soups. Wasn't bad though. As always, the cornbread was phenomenal. I also had a red sangria and it was delicious and refreshing. My companion said that she loved her burger and fries. I still love Z Tejas but I will probably just go for dinner there from here on out since that is where they really shine.
3	Went to Z'Tejas last night for dinner after the movies. Nice atmosphere,smells nice. The waitress was very good and accommodating. However, i ordered the lamb chops and they were over cooked..Not that good for such an expensive item. My Date ordered the special.It was Pan fried Halibut.   Very dry they really over cooked and ruined it.    The cornbread was good.    So my review is they are getting by on their name,food is not that great. Service was great though.
3	After visiting my third or fourth "Mexican" restaurant in Chandler, I have come to the conclusion that I have to drive to an actual neighborhood where people of Mexican descent actually live to get good Mexican.  I think I've had better Mexican in Maine than Arizona so far, it is distressing.  If any of you native Phoenicians (is that how you say it?) out there are reading this review, please drop me a line and PLEASE tell me how to get REAL Mexican food!Anyhows, this place was very pleasant, I stopped in here late for a drink at the bar, checked their menu and saw the usual American interpretations of Mexican food.  So I can't really rate the food here, but it sure as heck doesn't look like good Mexican to me.The margarita was their best (shouldn't you get a great one in the Phoenix area?  I think you should) on their drinks menu, made with Cuervo 1800 tequila.  I realized after a few sips that I prefer Sauza Hornitos, but it was passable.Two inebriated ladies sitting next to us at the bar made the experience more enjoyable!
4	If you gave Z any less than 4 stars - you've just never had one of their fab margaritas!  My favorite is the Cha-Mango (chambord and mango mixed).  But let me not get ahead of myself....I don't live in a city with a Z'Tejas anymore, so I always make sure to stop in when I'm in Phoenix.  Before you go, just note, it's TEX-MEX, not Mexican food.  There is a difference and you have to know what you're getting into.  My favorite dishes are the baked seafood enchiladas and the jerk chicken salad.  They also bring you cornbread (with real corn in it) while you wait for your meal.Z always goes above and beyond when it comes to customer service, so you never have to worry when you come in - you'll ALWAYS be taken care of!
4	In my book, and the collective book that my friends are forced to share with me, Z-Tejas is synonymous with fun. How do you make it a good night? Follow my directions carefully:1) flag over your waiter or any other waiter (or anyone that looks like a waiter) in your vicinity2) say the following "6th street, frozen, salt"3) drink4) repeatSeriously though, the margaritas are excellent. I haven't tried any other drinks here, but I'm fairly certain they'd be just as good (okay maybe not as good, but close enough).The food is tasty too. Don't go in expecting authentic Mexican. I don't know why you'd go into a snazzy place called Z-Tejas for authentic food anyway, but that's between you and your brain. The Diablo Chicken Pasta is awesome. The Jerk Chicken Salad is excellent too. I have friends who get the Pork Medallions, and they seem to love it.If you go and see a large group that's being loud ... look for the devilishly handsome Indian dude and come say hello. Okay I'm kidding, I don't even live in PHX anymore.
3	This southwestern themed restaurant has its appeals.  So I expected Mexican food with an American twist.  Most places that serve bread when your meal.  But Z'Tejas goes above and beyound and delivers cornbread.  I would have to say this is the best part of my meal.  There are even corn pieces in the piping hot bread in the cute iron pan.  It's fluffy and warm and the perfect way to start of the meal.  I almost got full just by eating the cornbread before my food came out.I went during lunchtime and ordered the shrimp papaya enchiladas.  Shrimp, papaya, celery, onion and spices are wrapped in soft corn tortillas.  A black bean sauce covered the enchilada.  The meal also came with a corn rice and salad.  I barely tasted the papaya, but the shrimp turned out very well.  It was soft, but not chewy.  The black bean sauce was a bit dry and hardened the enchilada. There were vegetables added on top of the enchildas, but the bell peppers seemed too soggy and bland.  I believe the additional vegetables were superfluous and didn't add to the value of the dish. The salad was not special, but adding corn to the rice was a unique way to serve it.  It blended well with the cornbread that was served throughout the meal. They do have a variety of food selections on the Happy Hour menu.  I think I'll go back and try some of the other dishes.  And mainly I would go back just for the cornbread alone.  :-) Overall, the food is average, what I typically expect from a chain restaurant.
3	Visited for lunch Wednesday.  First time.  The food was good.  Not great, but good (my burrito was better than my wife's entree (some sort of fried dish...I forget what they called it...not traditional at all, but had a southwest flare).Prices are a bit steep, especially given the quantity.  It was the perfect size for lunch for me...no leftovers.  For that price I expect to take half my food home with me.  And chips and salsa should be complimentary.I doubt we'd make a point of going there again, but if we are meeting someone or there's a coupon, or something like that, sure.  It wasn't bad.
4	My favorite chicken tortilla soup and corn bread. Great indoor or outdoor seating. Many times I have called in for take out food there for dinner parties and have never been disappointed. The food holds great in chaffing dishes and the corn bread is terrific for dinner parties. Cut it into four pieces and place in a linen covered bowl to keep warm and moist. Reheats fabulously.
4	We had a very enjoyable dinner here last night. The parking lot was PACKED so we were expecting a wait, but when we got in there was a normal crowd and no wait. Surely all those people weren't at Fleming's?FOOD:The chips with three salsas appetizer was ok, but kind of pointless. They bring you a skillet of cornbread automatically, so paying for chips and average salsa is kind of a waste.We both ordered the steak, which had a very tasty chipotle cream sauce on top. Included were garlic mashed potatoes and some steamed seasonal vegetables. In our case, this meant zucchini and carrots.The steak was cooked well, exactly as ordered and was a good cut. I had originally eyed the chile relleno until I noticed that it was stuff with, among other things, raisins and apricots. No thanks.They have a really good brunch that I've been to as well, with a "Bloody Mary Bar" where you get the liquor and the glass and get to choose your mixer, veggies, etc.
3	Met a friend here for lunch.  It was not as packed as I thought it would be.  It was nice, walked in grab a table, and the server immediately stopped by to say hello and ask what I would like to drink.  The corn bread was SO SO good!!!  I ordered from the specialities section of the menu.  Five cheese macaroni & achiote chicken (made with bleu, Jack, cheddar, parmesan and Romano cheeses, finished with toasted bacon gratin).  It was pretty good.
4	One word. Cornbread. Several more....This place was awesome. I'm not one for chains, but I am one for strong drinks, good food, and my awesome friends.Last night, I met up with friends at Z's. Had a long week at work, so I figured, let's go balls to the wall.The Vodka Sodas are remarkably strong. Typically at chains, you get a few drops of vodka flavoring. These were NO JOKE. Leave your amateur cards at home.The ahi tuna appetizer, pulled pork nachos, and the cornbread were enough to change my life, both physically and emotionally. Yeah, that damn good. I won't write about the cornbread, because I want you to try it for yourself....write a Yelp review...and then give me credit. While you are at it, give my friend and fellow Yelper Sarah W. credit as well, because she is the one that turned me on to it.Want a Mojito that will open your mind to a higher power? Try the Tropical Guava Mojito. Guava rum, X-rated fusion liqueur, monin mojito, mint, lime, soda and sprite. Yeah. Like I said....happy hour on a friday was balls to the wall.Get some. This is the spot. Thank God there is one in Scottsdale.
5	Really dig this place. The cornbread is addicting and the menu is diverse. Never had a problem here and the service is usually spot-on.Robert Pfeifer
4	Awesome food & drinks. Packed Friday night, I can see potential as good place to chill and meet peeps. I ended up just ordering bunch of appt and drinks since it was biz dinner, turned out perfect with portion of the food. It's tad noisy for biz lunch / dinner, but service was excellent and will come back again.
2	Overpriced for the type of food.
4	Probably one of the better places to take a date, not to secluded, a busy restaurant yet you can carry on a conversation.  My pork arrived a bit raw so I did send it back, and I was hoping to get some kind of discount for it, but I've had way to many meals at this place so I can overlook it.  A bit pricey, but you can't find the type of food they make any where else.  I wish they had the Chilean Sea Bass all the time but it's seasonal, the most unbelievable piece of fish I've had.
3	Visited Z'Tejas last Thursaday night.  After a flight, getting settled in, my wife and I ventured out on a very hot August evening.Greeted kindly at the door, got to our seats, welcomed by our server, McKenna.  She was kind and talkative and inquired about our day.   More so than most, which made me feel a bit more connected to the experience.The food was all very good (not super duper, but very good).  Wasn't sure what to expect as it's a new chain that I've never visited.  I ordered the turkey burger, and side salad, my wife ordered the Ahi tacos.  The table cornbread was fresh and yummy.  We also ordered table-side quac.  Well prepared, again by our server.The bar looked entertaining with a beautiful Tequila Tree.  Wasn't in the mood for a drink but certainly would next time.  Everything was pretty good!  Would certainly return.
4	We went there for first time, had good food and great service. I liked the variety on the menu, little bit of everything to fit whatever you are in the mood for or can afford,  light to heavy, inexpensive to pricier.  I thought their drink prices were a little high (margaritas were around $8 or more and I thought they should be around $6 for a house marg), but the waiter told us they were still running happy hour, I had a couple of drafts and I was happy with those prices.  We'll go back again for sure, looking forward to it.  And there are lots of places in the valley we would NOT go back to.
3	I had to give this place three stars as an average of two and four from the two times I have eaten here. The first time service and food were beautiful. Actually, both times service has been top-notch. Never a problem with service. I again had the seafood enchiladas which are stuffed with tuna, salmon, spinach, and shrimp. This is really a delicious dish and full of flavor but the second time I had it, every other bite was cold (one hot, one cold, one hot, one cold) - weird. Also, some of the people I was with ordered steaks medium rare. Both came out well. Disappointing. They do have this different version of a mojito made with pineapple-flavored rum and mint leaves, with brown sugar. It tastes like candy.
2	I really love this place, their food is sooo good.  But the service last night was not so good.  It took them 5 minutes to seat us, then another 5 minutes to wait on us by the time we ordered our food we missed happy hour.  We asked the waitress if we could still order off the happy hour menu and she said no.  It took her forever to bring our drinks finally out and then when our appetizer came out we asked about the cornbread, she said she would go get that.Then when we were finished we didn't get our bill in a timely manner either.  Ughhhh!!!!!Normally the service is really good but in this case it just wasen't.  Really disappointing last night.
2	Went here for a business lunch today.  Can't give this place much more credence than I would an Applebee's, though.  Ordered the avacado turkyburger and requested well done steak fries.  Burger was dry and overly herby, fries were NOT well done and not even done-done in my opinion - sorta stale even.  Free corn bread is a nice perk cuz it's quite good and served very hot in a little fancy cast-iron pan with a big 'ol steak knife for servin' & a side a' butter.  Everyone you talk to who has been to Z'Tejas will mention the corn bread, the corn bread, the corn bread.  Yippie yay.   It managed to upstage my $11 turkey-blah-ger.  So, congrats, overachieving cornbread, to a job well done!Service:  Our server was friendly and attentive and she let us talk prior to ordering without interrupting us.  Generally a good vibe here.Food overall is just...meh, in my opinion.  I didn't try my companions entrees at all, though they had no complaints.   The food here reminded me of Rainforest Cafe - the smells, the portions, the prices. Just not my thing.
4	Went there twice this week for Happy Hour. Once to the Chandler location and once to the Scottsdale Mall location. I've eaten at both locations a few times over the past year as well.Food: Very good. Always good flavor with being gratuitously spicy. Mushroom enchiladas are my favorite meal. I've tasted EVERY appetizer and they are all very satisfying. Good portion size for an app, which makes the happy hour prices all the more attractive! Drinks: Happy Hour Drink prices are quite high compared to other HH's. Otherwise, I guess they're pretty much in line. The Chambourd Frozen Margarita is delish!Service: Never had a bad experience with the wait staff. Friendly, attentive, and knowledgable. Seem to be perfectly okay with their tables ordering off the HH menu (some servers don't like the small tabs and it's reflected in their performance). Like I said, not a problem here (IME).So this place always was one of our favorites and will continue to be until something changes.
4	The gorgonzola NY strip is amazing!!!!
5	Favorite place in Ahwatukee for Happy Hour.  $5.00 appetizers and $1.00 off chambord margaritas.  But only have 2, they are strong.  And the pulled pork nachos are out of this world.  It is very hard to eat that appetizer by yourself, unless you are me.  Give it a try.  Keegan is a great bartender also.
3	I'd like to preface this by saying I really do like Z'Tejas.  The food is always good, and the service is usually spot on.  The problem I have with this particular location is the hostess(es), and their amazing ability to lose reservations.  On more than one ocassion, I've showed up only to find they have no record of my reservation.  They always look confused and ask me if I was sure I called the right location.  My favorite was when they wanted to know if I put it under the wrong name.  I'm sure I forget my own name all the time.  Awww.....it's ok, hostess(es), at least you're pretty.
4	Z'Tejas has great margaritas (DUH), a great wine list and great food.  The atmosphere is awesome and I have never had an issue with service whether dining in the bar or in the dining room.  They are even nice enough to customize my margarita with jalapenos when I go there.  You'd think it wouldn't be that hard for a Mexican/Margarita joint but I have a hard time getting that request fulfilled at several places around PHX.Bottom line, this is a great place for a date, a friendly get together or even lunch!!  The food will get you in the door and the cocktails and ambiance will get you coming back.
5	We sat at the bar to watch Kansas beat Ohio and were treated to a royal show by our rockstar bartender Aaron.  The food was so amazing we returned the next day for your last dinner together for our trip to Arizona.
4	Our waiter Philip was great.  We sat in the bar sipped on tasty margaritas and had a great appetizer.
3	Great staff.  The first time I visited a Z'Tejas, it was at the location in Phoenix for brunch.  I didn't even know there was a location in Chandler.  At night this location has a "grown and sexy" like vibe with the dim lighting.  We went to celebrate a friend's birthday.  Love that they have a whole veggie section on the menu, it made choosing my meal so simple.  I had the wild mushroom enchiladas, my friends had the salmon.  The Food was good but the portions are a bit small.  My friends enjoyed their cocktails and the Ancho Fudge Pie was Yum!  Staff is really kind and accommodating.  Love the cornbread!
2	I would only give this place one star but the service is good so yeah. Back in the day they had fajitas on the lunch menu, but with that gone the menu sucks! That is all.
4	MY favorite Z's by far! The one on mill is decent but the bloody mary bar here on the weekends is much larger! My service is always amazing and cannot help but ask for the same server every sunday, I cannot believe I have forgotten his name but he is great! The bloody nary bar is full of different tomato juices and things to put in it, and if they run out of anything they are quick to jump and get you more. The cornbread and peach muffin are my favorite, I dont even like muffins but i always ask for an extra! I also love the jalepeno bacon and always get a side of that also, SOOOO GOOD!!I have yet to come during any hour but breakfast but I must try because it is delic!
4	The chile pork verde and the jerk chicken salad were delish.....and holy hell, the chambord margaritas. Amazing and potent but if you've had little sleep and no food, take it easy on these....especially early in the day. I had two and was shitaaaaay. o_o
4	I don't even know where to start with Z'Tejas.  I guess it started with the one on Mill, but we live closer to this one on Ray near I-10.  The one on Mill is great for people watching and I have taken visitors there straight from the airport when they are starving to death after their flight.  The menu has a wide variety of choices, something for everyone.  The service has always been a bit slow on Mill, but they also have been very busy when I've been there.  I love that they are usually quick in bringing out that wonderful warm cornbread to tide you over.I prefer the one on Ray for happy hour and for Sunday brunch.  For happy hour a couple of 6th Street margaritas, sharing some tostada bites and the street tacos make my belly extremely happy.  The husband and I can fuel up before our shopping excursion to BevMo across the street.  The barbacoa enchiladas have been a favorite of mine for years and it was a eureka moment when I discovered that for Sunday brunch they serve the same enchiladas, but add two eggs cooked to order.  That dish with two eggs over easy on top is positively moan-worthy.  Love it.  We've also tried the mac and cheese and it's really good, but really rich.  I recommend sharing that one.I usually just stick with the 6th street margs, but have tried a couple of other drinks.  And I seem to remember some kind of white sangria cocktail that was very tasty.  I always look forward to going to Z'Tejas.  Been there about 15 times in the past couple of years and never had a bad experience.
3	A chain of Tex-Mex restaurants in the Phoenix area. Nothing special, but not bad. Hard to rave about this place. It feels corporate like so many other chain restaurants around the country. The upsides are the cold beer (Dos Equis & Negro Modelo on draft - can't argue with that) and the extensive menu that includes a pretty delicious salsa trio and some tasty fish tacos (as an appetizer). Like almost everything we experienced out west, the portion sizes were enormous. Maybe that's just a U.S. thing these days. You could certainly do worse than Z'Tejas, though next time I'm in Phoenix I hope to seek out some authentic Mexican food rather than relying on an Inc's interpretation of it.
5	I love this place. The atmosphere is great, the service even better and the food is fresh, tasty, and reasonably priced.  My husband and I went on a Sunday afternoon and they had a martini bar.  Loved it!  I had the under 550 calorie fish with pesto and cilantro. It seriously tasted like way more calories.  I totally recommend this to anyone who likes fresh dishes, good service and a relaxing atmosphere.
4	Great Food super service by Thomas - We  were up from Tucson and after shopping at Ikea  - needless to say tired - Thomas gave us great service and chit chatted with us  then  sent us on the ride back to Tucson with best wishes. thanks Thomas
3	As PF Chang's is to oriental cuisine, Z'Tejas is to Southwestern.  Same idea.I didn't say it was a good idea.  It's ok, not great.PF Chang's pulls this trick off wonderfully.  Z'Tejas, not so much.We went for lunch and were seated immediately.  The place we had originally planned on going had a line out the door.  This is a huge restaurant and beautifully appointed.  Servers were all nice and did a good job.It's a little dark in here.  It was lunch and had numerous windows but unfortunately we were not seated near them. I had trouble reading the menu.The corn bread and butter starter is a nice touch.  Everyone likes a freebie.  It just wasn't that tasty.  Nothing special.I went with a dish off their "seasonal" menu and it did not disappoint.  That being said, it wasn't overly special either.  The beans and rice were okay also but again, nothing special.The bill came quickly and we were out the door in less than 45 minutes.  Very efficient.Not the best southwestern food I've had but it's decent.  Don't expect much.
5	Best happy hour in the metro-Phoenix area.  Period.  Potent and yummy margaritas (limit = 3 and then you're cut off!) and fabulous discounted appetizers that we usually consider dinner.  If you have room for a real entree, try the relleno.  Heaven!
5	Delicious food, awesome drinks and always great service. This is the only place I'll willingly order a salad as an entree and it's soooo good and actually fills you up. This place is legit
1	The cornbread that they're so proud of is a bland version of jiffy corn muffin mix worst I've ever had. The five cheese Mac-n-cheese has no flavor they just melted some cheese over boiled noodles. The service was slow, the server seemed annoyed that he had to wait on me. I will not be going back.
4	I had some of the best Ahi tuna I have experience in a long time. Rare actually did mean rare, I am glad to see that their cooks have been trained in the are of tuna searing. The tamari tuna is basically a sesame crusted seared tuna on a bed of rice and veggies with a great Chile sauce, think of it as an upscale jap-mex fusion.  The tuna itself was of a very high grade, sliced thinly and a dark ruby red. It was tender and lacked the sinuous bits cheaper ahi can have. The flavor was fresh and well accompanied by the tamari crusted sesame seeds. I also had a small salad with their sesamee ginger dressing, which is so good that  I would order in cocktails if it were not frowned upon. There was also a copious amount of corn bread so I could get my south western starch fix.
5	On 3/11 we had a perfect brunch at Z'Tejas.  Is this 5-star dining?  Technically no, but everything from drinks to food to service was perfect that Sunday.  I ordered the Eggs Bene Z' Style which has the poached eggs on top of their delicious cornbread with chipotle hollandaise and jalapeno bacon, and a side of breakfast potatoes.  I've got to get over being bashful with my camera because this was a good-looking dish, and tasted even better.  If you're feeling a little adventurous give it a try, you won't be disappointed.  Every aspect of that dish was perfect and I'm still thinking about it.Mr. M ordered the Hickory Burger and that was another item worthy of a picture.  Cooked medium rare as he ordered it, the smoky flavors were delicious and the sweet potato fries were very good as well.I can't rave enough about the service.  We had a couple of the $4 mimosas and then for dessert shared a ginger something something martini.    We sat in the bar area and were greeted immediately with an explanation of the bloody mary/mimosa bar options.  The bartender brought us the champagne, and then we added our choice of juice.  The mango juice is a phenomenal choice.When it came time for the ginger something something martini, we said we were going to share it.  The bartender was so funny and said he didn't want any fighting over the drink, so he made it with 2 glasses and we each got a healthy pour of about 2/3rds the glass.  That drink was one to savor, with I think crystallized ginger on the rim.  Delicious!  Two bartenders took care of us and I wish I would have caught their names because they were prompt, friendly, and funny.  5-stars all the way.  Can't wait to go back!
5	Keep in mind folks, its not supposed to be authentic Mexican food. 5 stars for the all around good experience. We were seated promptly, service was fast and friendly (we made it for the last 15 minutes of happy hour!) Ordered pork nachos, Chambord margarita, duck relleno, and Mac and cheese. All the food was tasty, and the margarita was strong! Love the cornbread too. Have to warn you, the food is very HEAVY, delicious, but heavy. Reasonably priced, great service. I will return.
5	We eat at this location every time we get to the Phoenix area. We have never been disappointed with our food, our server, or our time spent here.My only complaint would be that there is no ZTejas in Fort Worth where I live.
5	This restaurant is amazing!  Delicious food and drinks at reasonably low prices.  They also have great servers that provide excellent customer service.  I was glad we dropped in to visit family and they suggested this place.  I wish there were Z Tejas Grills in San Diego!
5	I love going to z'Tejas. The place is always nice and friendly. The margaritas are great and I love the cornbread! My favorite dish is the gorganzola New York strip. Nothing like a sprinkle of cheese on your steak! I also enjoy the tomato basil dressing but will pass on those weird things they call croutons...
3	Went here for some happy hour margaritas and chips + guac. The margarita was okay, but I didn't taste much tequila in it. And it was pretty small...maybe I just like to drink...The tableside guacamole is cute idea, albeit a little awkward. The texture was nice and chunky but there was something missing in the spices...cumin, perhaps?I really liked that they had a vegetarian menu with decent-looking options on it. Not many chain restaurants in Arizona go out of their way to do that!Overall, it was alright...nothing too special and still a chain restaurant.
4	Good after work happy hour!Great lite lunch selections and always seating at the hi-tops at the bar.Z' Tejas is a solid standby.
4	Stopped here for lunch with some co-workers on our way back to the office after an interview.  Was seated quickly and our server arrived shortly there after to take our drink order . . . drinks arrived and our order was immediately taken.  Quick service.While waiting for our food we received a telephone call letting us know that we had gotten the project . . . whoo hoo a $13,000,000.00 school . . . just wat the doctor ordered.Back to the food . . . it arrived quickly and hot . . . ordered the Chili Relleno . . . which tasted great, along with the corn bread.  So why only four stars you ask . . . I have to go back once the high from getting the new project wears off . . . just to verify that they do deserve five stars . . . didn't what my judgement clouded.With that said . . . see you here again soon . . .
4	Great server! Yummy guac and delicious pork tostadas.
4	Had a buisness dinner here last night. I was impressed the food selection was good. Good appetizers and good service. The setup inside was good. I need to come back and try the happy hour specials. I had the seafood enchilada which was good. I WILL BE BACK!
4	Went to grab a quick lunch today and this place was recommended.  There is ample parking and is located in a shopping plaza.  We got there early and there was plenty of parking, when we left, the place was getting their lunch time rush. The inside was nice and open and decorated nicely which made for a pleasant visit.We were seated immediately and our waiter started out with the drinks.  We let the waiter know that we were in a rush because we had to catch a plane, this is typically a good test of the urgency the waiter can relay back to the kitchen, which they nailed, great teamwork guys..  They serve some corn bread with butter which was warm and fresh and had a little bit of sweetness.  I ordered the steak burrito which was covered in sauce.  The steak was nice and juicy and they were ample size cuts.  The burrito had a nice little spice to it and came with some rice on the plate. The only thing I think needs a little change is the salsa and chips.  None of the three salsa's were particularly spicy and didn't really stand out from one another even though they were different styles.
4	The atmosphere here is "fun". Very open dining room with lots of hustle and bustle as well as noise. Therefore very kid friendly because they could make a lot of noise and no one would really notice. The food they have is very much a Southwest fusion with lots of chile used in their dishes. They even have a very good Ancho chile chocolate cake. Every dish here is delish so just find one that sounds good to you. Visited November 2011
3	Went to dinner about 7:00 on a Friday night to relax, share dinner and a margarita.  We were seated in the raised up area to find incredible noise, lots of  kids and loud laughing tables of people.  it is good to enjoy your dinner but it was chaotic, so loud we had to shout to hear each other, not relaxing in the least!  My bread plate was wet and had food on it, and the table next to us was cleared so haphazardly  that a tray of food was left on the chair and the next guest almost sat on it but we warned her.  it will be awhile before I would choose to eat there again!
5	The best burger get the Z Burger. Be sure to ask for Jeffrey the waiter. A fantastic waiter :-)
3	Not an amazing place by any means, but it does the trick. i had good company so it helps. But to be fair, there is nothing that make this place stick out to give me a reason to pick this place over another competitors establishment. Nothing. And by nothing I mean only one thing. And by one thing I mean the margaritas. Those small vicious, awesome little tricksters in a glass. Those would be the thing. But you cant choose an after work place only based upon the margaritas can you? ... you can!I might come back here. If I do, it'll be for the margaritas.
1	Made reservation because had other engagements. Showed up and waited twenty minutes. They said sorry people who have your table haven't left yet. As if they only have one table. When we informed them of our time constraints. They made no offer to help out. Like the food but not so good at keeping the reservation. And really that's the most important part
4	I was in the mood for something I don't always get for my lunch break last week so I decided to go to Z'Tejas.  I'd been to their other locations but never this one surprisingly.  The hosts at the front were very friendly, the one who walked me to my table actually stayed and made conversation for a couple minutes which hardly ever happens anymore.  My actual server was very friendly too.I was very happy to see that they had a Build Your Own bar where you could pick from a Bloody Mary, Mimosa, Screwdriver and one other drink I can't remember and it was incredibly cheap!  Only $4 for my Bloody Mary!  They had a wide variety of choices too as far as juices, fruits, vegetables, seasonings, sauces, it was hard to decide!For my actual entree I ordered the Hickory Burger which has barbecue sauce, chopped onions, bacon, jalapeno mayonnaise and a couple different cheeses.  It was delicious!  Kind of a mess to eat but worth every splatter you get on your face and shirt.  I just wouldn't recommend ordering it if you're with someone you're trying to look dignified in front of... The fries were great too.  Nice and crispy on the outside but soft on the inside.  I was definitely happy with my decision to switch up my lunchtime location and I will for sure be coming back in the future.
5	Chambords margaritas, mushroom enchilada, and cornbread are absolutely amazing. Total recommendation if this is your first time here!
1	Waiting 30 minutes to get water another 45 five minute to get my food no thanks there are better place in town with better service. If it wasn't because of my friend s birthday I would of walked out long time ago. It is seems like employee doesn't care about this establishment and want this place to fail.
5	I can't say nothing but great things about Z'Tejas. My husband and I eat here at least once-twice a week. I usually get the avocado chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries (YUM!!!!) and my husband gets the chopped chicken salad or the steak burrito. The restaurant is always packed, but the servers do a great job and are always attentive. If you're looking for a great happy hour, they have the best around, hands down. Nothing beats their chambord margarita and tejas trio. The best part is that they have happy hour on the weekends all afternoon!If you've never been, you have to try it!
5	Bloody Mary and mimosa bar are awesome.
5	Came here for happy hour which is M-F 3-7 and weekend 2-6pm. Keagan the bartender is wonderful and attentive. Street tacos are great meat and the green Chile is tasty. Hooray for margaritas!!!!
2	Middle of the road  average lunch experience. Typical of Ahwatukee'a sea of chain restaurants. This concept is tired the food is bland, and the vibe is too. You can do worse in Tukee, go across the street and try red lobster!
4	Very good atmosphere. Tried couple of appetizers: shrimp-avocado tostado bites and the triple option (queso, ): both pretty goodThe warm corn bread they served before our order was just awesome. However I was disappointed with their chicken fajitas: not sizzling and the chicken wasn't succulent. My colleagues liked their shrimp pasta.
5	I love this joint .. got nothing bad to say at all!  All of the wait staff are good but there a few that provide such GREAT service that you will be blown away.  AND get this, if you go a few times, some will recognize you and come to the table to see how you've been doing, even if you aren't at one of their tables.  Top that off with a creative menu and excellent execution and you've got one great date night!  I can't recommend this spot enough!
5	One word: yum! I came here for happy hour and got a ton of food for not much dough. Their tableside guac is so good. I love that you can customize it. I always go for lots of cilantro and lime. The pork nachos were delightful and really filling. Half price bottles of wine on Mondays and Tuesdays!
4	Love this place. Great atmosphere, service and good. An amazing value as well! My wife and I love to stop here on a date night for a late dinner. I don't think we have ever had a bad experience.
5	This place has the best happy hour ever. I highly recommend the pork nachos. They are delicious and a steal at happy hour. The atmosphere is fun but can be a little loud.  The open layout is nicely done though.
3	Good place to come after work.  The appetizers on the happy hour menu are the way to go.  I was very disappointed in my seafood burrito - hardly any toppings at all!
5	We haven't been here for awhile but were SO happy to revisit. Our meal from start to finish was top-notch and our server couldn't have been more helpful or friendly. Darn, I wish I could remember his name - a clever nickname that I swore I'd remember. Oh, well - he was amazing. Our fresh guacamole was terrific and that cornbread is always cooked to perfection. Can't get enough! Our margaritas were dynamite too. I ordered the ruby trout and it was spectacular. Loved the sides as well. My friend ordered the stacked enchilada and that was flavorful too. I don't think you could go wrong with just about anything on this menu. Oh, and Happy Hour prices are very affordable. Thanks!!
5	Very good food, superb bartender, and very tasty margaritas. Great happy hour prices!  First time I was here for lunch with my husband I had the blackin catfish taco. Excellent. And my husband had the z burger n loved it. Sexing time I came with my son for happy hour and we had street tacos. Very good also.
4	Went for dinner during happy hour.  Very good $5 margaritas...loved the patron fruzion.  The others I tried were ok...chambord was way too sweet for me.  The app and dinner were very good!  Will be back soon!
4	Need to watch their signature cornbread seems the last few times it's not been to their standards the fish tacos were little boring but fair taste
5	Now I know where to go for a really good catfish beignets! Warm customer service, nice atmosphere, very tasty street tacos and grilled shrimp guacamole tostada bites.Happy hour is the bomb!
4	Always loved this place. Especially the corn bread which is the best you can get in town. Get nacho chips with three dip salsa and gauc for appetizers. Recently had the Fish Tacos and it tasted amazing with pieces of mango and tomato.For desert: Ancho chili Fudge just makes me dreamy.If you wanna take a girl to a place with good food and great ambiance this is your spot.
1	I've eaten at ztejas a ton of times and this was my worst visit. 45 minutes to get our food. Manager never even came by!
4	Very good food. Great service.
2	Service was best part of our meal experience. Pork tenderloin was over cooked, mixed veggies were flavorless, trout was dry and overcooked as was the salmon. Very disappointed as I know they can do better.
4	I came here for an easy dinner and margarita during happy hour. I had the most awesome waiter named Chris. He was attentive yet didn't try to push anything onto us, you know like many does. He just rolled with the punches and our constantly changing demands. The food here isn't the awesomest, but the drinks are and the service goes along with that. This place gets busy, even though it is huge but they can handle it. I am quite impressed by this. So to recap; Food is OK. Drinks are amazing. Chris is an awesome waiter. I think that summarizes it.
5	Go there for happy hour, chambord margs and green chile pork verde, all there appetizers are dope!
5	Matt from Virginia with 2 kids was one of the best servers I've ever had. He was considerate and excelled at customer service. The food at Z is excellent. I had the achiote chicken Cobb salad. Its my default meal here. Bloody Mary bar is top notch in this area.
3	Great food as usual. I brought my parents here for the first time. They really liked it. My only complaint was the noise level. Wow! Right next to the bar screaming across the table to each other or the server. My hard of hearing dad just tuned out because he heard nothing but bar laughter and chatter. Next time a table far from the bar....
3	We heard today from my son who wife and he dined at the resturant Sat. evening about 7:30 pm. Work all day and get a chance to go out to sit down once or so a month and come away with less than expected dining.experience. We watched the kids to give them a chance to relax. I asked if the resturant was busy and he says it didn't appear to be. The problem is the Fajitas which come, as he says on a platter with the fixings and a separte hot plate with the meat on one end. The meat wasn't hot and sizzling like it is suppose to be but luke warm. He should have sent it back but they were too hungry at that hour and just wanted to eat. I find fault with the server as this stuff should be put up to serve hot and if left on the bank to be picked up too long it isn't the kitchens fault. Like I said, he said it wasn't busy so the server must have been busy doing social things. maybe posting or catching up. But no reason to serve a dish on a cast iron plate if it isn't searing hot. Don't get me wrong here as I have good reports from my wife who she and friends love  Zs.. i have never been there and i like my food served HOT. Zs just lucky it was my son and not me as you got a pass this time and a pass ain't that greeat. .
5	Outstanding food and service! We had a large party for brunch, but the waitress handled everyone's request with ease. The service was fantastic; the food came out quickly, and accurately. Everything was delicious and the make your own drink bar was original and fun. I will be back!
5	I had Smoked Chicken Chile Relleno  and I thought I had died and went to heaven!  It was so great.  The waiter was knowledgeable and very helpful.  Food was so great, served hot, great presentation.  I wanted spicy, but the other person I was with wanted mild.  She loved it, and so did I.  This was my first visit, but not my last.
3	So with all the reviews that I read I didn't know if I should try it or not and opted to give it a shot since I had never been. We got cornbread, chips and salsa, Diablo pasta with shrimp and the New York strip.My husband seemed to enjoy the cornbread, I think he was hungry.  The chips and salsa were chips and salsa. The steak was cooked perfectly at medium rare but needed a lot of salt. My first bite of my Diablo pasta I made a face because it was something about the flavor. It was Rosemary. I don't like Rosemary. The pasta was not overcooked it would've been more enjoyable if I like the flavor. So we discussed if we would ever come back and probably not. But if we did we would probably order something else. Our waiter was friendly!It was noisy but not too bad. I could still hear my husband talking across  table.  So we gave it a shot and onto the next.
4	My girlfriend and I love this place. It's clean and the staff are friendly. And of course, the food is great. Try the avocado chicken sandwich, the bread is phenomenal!
5	Amazing service! Whenever I go I always get waiters who are friendly and nice, and the food is excellent as well. No matter what you order you won't be disappointed. The only thing that's bad is the price but there's nothing wrong with spending the right amount for good food, and not to mention that they give you free cornbread as well, which is also excellent by the way
4	First time here and enjoyed it very much.   Nice upscale decor but very noisy. You will be greeted with a small skillet of very good cornbread with whipped butter.  They have an extensive menu with many unique items. Had a Margarita for $5 from the happy hour menu (weekdays 2 - 7).  For my entree, I chose the Anciote chopped chicken salad.  An interesting choice. The grilled anchored chicken was seasoned and cooked expertly.    It was placed on top of shredded iceberg, Roma tomatoes, red cabbage, cotija corn, black olives and pepitas.  Each in it's own section of the salad platter.  Oh, and I almost forgot, we had the Tejas Trio from the happy hour appetizer menu consisting of salsa, cheese sauce Nd guacamole.  Good Stuff!  The service was great with our server actually boxing our leftovers for us along with extra chips.  Nicely done!
2	Z has been my Go-To place for girls' weekend brunch, happy hour with coworkers, date nights with hubby...but the last THREE times I went there, it was really disappointing. I think it just comes down to poor management and bad communication between the manager and staff. Thing is, I like the food and drinks a lot, but unpredictable service, poor attitudes from management, and lack of commitment to happy customers isn't worth it. First time, they served me badly undercooked eggs, corrected it with badly overcooked eggs, all the while the manager was a mix of disinterested and annoyed. Raw eggs? I didn't even end up eating because by the time they got it right, my friend was done with her entire meal. Second time three different employees (hostess, server, manager) told us something different about a dog being allowed on the patio only AFTER we'd been seated, making it extremely awkward and unpleasant to try to enjoy the birthday we were there to celebrate. The third time, just this past weekend, they put charges on my bill that were supposed to be comped. I didn't notice until I left so I had to write and call and leave a message but more than 5 days later, no call back or email.
5	Happy hour gets crazy busy! Must be the fantastic chambord margaritas (limit 3) and appetizers! I'm a huge fan of the Tejas trio dips and the pecan crusted chicken salad.
4	Ya I just want to say I love this place!! How could you not? The found is outstanding every time I come in I know I will not be disappointed . Idk maybe it's the margaritas talking  but this place is a must try make sure to start out with the dumplings. The flavors in this dish alone gives them the four . It would be a five no doubt but it is always very loud and the service is a hit or miss. But to a foodie like myself the ambience doesn't  really ruin everything So enjoy over eating over drinking and your left overs in the morning! ( they have awesome portion sizes)
3	Came to this location on a hungry-stomach-only-had-chips-and-coffee-for-breakfast-whim and tried the chicken enchiladas and bow tie pasta jambalaya special. First, you get warm corn bread with real corn kernels in it on a iron skillet and butter. Yummy! The Santa Fe enchiladas came with rice and black beans for $11. Let's just say that I've had better. The jambalaya farfalle has shrimp, chicken, andouille sausage, peas, peppers and onions packed with flavor and spiciness for $16. Note to self: never get the enchiladas.
5	Love, love this place.Happy Hour is wonderful. I have not had a bad menu item yet.Service is great too.
5	As I live close to this location I am a frequent visitor. And every visit has proven to be a great one. The staff is always friendly and appear to be working hard. The food is always prompt and delicious. I almost always order the Fish Street Tacos and they NEVER disappoint. The queso is always a favorite too. Although I tend to pass on their guacamole. And if you're a margarita lover then you must try the Fusion Frozen Margarita. They top it off with fruit infused Patron and it is refreshing and strong! Don't have more than 3! I would always recommend this location to any friends and family!
1	Service wasn't good. Our waitress seem over worked and under extreme pressure. The manager did not address our concerns. I will not return to this location.
1	Terrible food. Were the steak tacos supposed to be purely made of steak fat? To top it off, got charged for a beer that I took two sips of and sent back. Will not be going back.
5	Went there today for the Sunday Brunch. So good!!!! I have food allergies and the manager, Jennifer was so helpful in making sure that I received the correct plate. I am in the restaurant industry and it was wonderful to see how much she cares about her guests!!! We will definitely be back again, and again!!! Great food, drinks, atmosphere and service!!!
4	GREAT PLACE!!!!  Love the happy hour when I can make it.....  The street tacos are fantastic.   My family and I haven't had anything we wouldn't eat again here.  The bartenders are Awesome!
1	Food was great servers were good but the manager was unacceptably rude. I figured after ordering 120$ worth of food in this restaurant. And being the one who payed for it I would have been treated better. Not sure what his name was but he was taller with glasses and a receding hair line. I won't be going back to this place any more. At least not this location.
1	Manager was rude ruined the entire experience for us. The food was good and the waitress was good. Won't bring my family here until they get new management.
4	I reviewed a couple of reviews from previous individuals.  This place was great!  I was able to get seated quickly and greeted by my server.  I asked the server for the his recommended margarita and his choice was on point.  They brought out corn bread which is one of the best I have ever had and the street tacos were there too.  My wait period for the tacos was very minimal.  I would definitely recommend trying this place out.  Previous reviews said that the guacamole is great so I definitely make another trip to try it out.  Cleanliness:  A+Service:  A+Price:  $$Recommend:  Yes
4	Co-worker brought me here for dinner on my last night in Tempe.  A Wednesday night and it was still busy, most likely because of their happy hour.  One small gripe is that their beer selection could use improvement.  They did have a couple Four Peaks available (good IPA), but they could stand to have a couple more local or micro options.  We skipped appetizers, and went straight to an entree with the exception of chips and salsa.  The chips were fresh and the salsa was above average.  I had the Santa Fe Smoked Chicken Enchilada with beans and rice.  The enchilada was really good, with the sauce having a good amount of spice.  The cornbread that was included with the meal was worth mentioning as well.  Overall a good meal and I would return when back in the area.
3	I really love the happy hour. Living in Chicago we don't have the best happy hours the drinks were decent the cornbread was delicious and I really enjoyed the fish tacos. It is really packed at happy hour but other than that I would definitely go back if I am in the area.
4	Crazy good value. Super Happy Hour. Tasty food.  Friendly and fast service. Highly recommended!  Living off the appetizer menu works wonders. Even the cole slaw is awesome!
4	I was very impressed by the service we received.  Our server was attentive and made sure our drinks were always full.  We enjoyed the Tejas Trio...the cheese dip was my personal favorite.  The green chile barbacoa enchiladas were great.  They had lots of shredded beef and a perfect amount of sauce.  Next time I have to try the mac & cheese!
4	Have been here twice within  4 days.  Both times were excellent.On Sunday hubby and I took friends there for brunch, and we were delighted.  I ordered the Barbacoa enchiladas, and the dish was very, very good.  Everyone at the table truly enjoyed their meal, and we had excellent service.Today I dined here with a friend and the Asian dumplings -- delicious.  Even though this dish is listed in the appetizer section it made an excellent meal for me.
5	Love this place! Jerk chicken salad is to die for!  And the Chambord margaritas are delicious! Great service!
4	I'm writing to update a pretty negative review I wrote a few months ago because I had three really poor experiences in a row at the Chandler location. Within 48 hours (I also emailed the review to their direct customer service email), I was contacted by multiple top managers in the company. What was even more amazing was that they didn't try to say "Oh, we don't have any idea why that happened to you" or "that must have been a fluke." Instead, they acknowledged that they were already working through issues at that location, apologized repeatedly, thanked me for my feedback, and sent me gift cards with the promise that when I next returned I would have a different experience. And I have! I have been back twice since giving up on them and there is a marked difference - huge improvement in management and staff attitude/customer service, better food quality control, and just an overall happier vibe. I am back to thinking of Z as my "go to" place for brunch, happy hour, date night and business meetings alike.
