5	My son's have been seeing Dr. Weiner since the day they were born. He came to the hospital and gave them both their check-up, ever since then, we have stuck to him. The staff is exceptional, professional, and courteous. Your children will be in great hands.
5	We take our children to see Dr. Henry Ky.  He is patient, caring and spends the time to talk with you about your children's health, makes sure that they are up to date on their vaccinations and doesn't rush you.  Would highly recommend.  The staff there when we went were helpful and friendly.
4	The nurse got us be4 r 4:30pm appt. very nice. Now waiting for the dr. We r here for sienna's cheer physical and for her to check her hands.The visit went great. A good visit.
1	Our experience with the office staff has been unpleasant every time, both on the phone and in person for visits. The wait is always long (atleast an hour, even first thing in the morning) and it takes forever to get your questions answered. They are incompetent when it comes to billing/insurance issues and have completely overlooked our past records from other pediatricians (which would have given our child 4 immunizations that he'd already been given.) In order to get an immunization record, we needed to make an appointment for an office visit. The pediatrician was short with us, seemed annoyed with any questions, and basically told us to go to the ER if we had a concern. We are never coming back here. This place came recommended, but apparently it's not for informed parents who want to be involved in their child's healthcare.
5	Dr. Muyot is amazing my two children both see her. It's really nice to have a doctor that really cares. We have been patients of hers for 13 years I would highly recommend her to everyone. We go to the teneya office it's clean and the staff is always friendly. If you are looking for a doctor look no further she's a keeper.
1	I took my newborn at cascade location for her very first visit and the front staff are horrible. They dont make u feel welcome in any way.no hi, no good morning like they hate their job(they suck and miserable). Dont bother calling their medical assistance phone line because no one will reply. We called a couple of times and after 48hrs still had no reply, seems like they dont care about our concerns with the babys health but I bet theyre on point on billing matters. I recommend united healthcare at sw location with dr Dani my other child used to go there, Its just too bad they dont take culinary insurance.
1	This clinic staff is the worse they are not caring not considerate ... Dr Muyot is not compassion nor fair ..she withheld health info on one parent and sided with the other parent which bdw that parent ignored the problem for years and we just find out now and when we requested for explanation and a letter from the doctor that she informed only the one parent who didn't take care of the problem she refused our request and then released the child as a patient .. It started with asking her about a weight issue her response is "I told the mom many times for years and the mom said yaya she gonna take care of until now nothing " my response is why we weren't told she stood in silence and reacted as if she screwed up by saying that ...then when asked to clear this matter by a letter stating what was said to who and when detailing the matter she just avoided us the staff ignored it and resolved it by discharging the child as a patient ... That's not a doctor you need to be trusting your child's health with !!!
