5	My husband and I were married in April 2009 and I certainly regret not reviewing Muscleman Music sooner. Jason and Kerri are a fantastic couple. They are professional, wonderfully kind and easy to work with. Jason was a a great DJ. He was attentive to our likes/dislikes and made sure to stick to what we had spoken about before the wedding day. No chicken dance, thank you very much! He was approachable, even when mini-bridal meltdowns occurred and was thoughtful toward any questions we may have had. Kerri acted as a planner for our event. While our venue came with a wedding planner, she was extremely helpful when it came to details, contacting vendors, etc...she also provided our linens for us at a very reasonable rate. They were beautiful and she really had an eye for what worked, what didn't work and most importantly, what made her clients happy. I would recommend these two for any of the services they offer. They will take the stress out of 'vendor madness', as I lovingly call it, and make sure you receive all the attention you deserve for your big day. Thanks, Jason and Kerri!
5	I'm not even sure where to begin. Jason and Kerry were AWESOME! My wife and I got married on March 23rd, 2013 and we could not have been more impressed. Muscleman Music & More was the top recommendation on the list provided to us by the venue. We first met with Jason in July of 2012 in the process of interviewing several DJ's for the wedding. He made it very clear to use when we first met that it was our special day and that they would do everything in their power to make sure it went off without a hitch. He spent over an hour chatting with us about what we envisioned, our musical tastes, and plans for the evening. We instantly felt at ease working with Jason and Kerri. As the wedding approached, Jason was in contact with us to nail down the final details an timelines, get the first dance songs, and take care of any last minute items.The day of the wedding, both Jason and Kerri arrived on time and were ready to go well before the reception kicked off. The reception was excellent. Jason was very entertaining and engaging with our guests. He also did a great job in selecting music based on our likes. Kerri was also excellent, she worked very closely with my wife and the venues coordinator to ensure that everything stayed on our schedule, announcements were made for big events, and just assisting our guests in general.Overall, I cannot say enough great things about Jason and Kerri! Jason and Kerri, if you are reading this - Thank you for the wonderful memories and great time you provided us from that day!Brent and Heather
5	Jason and his wife Kerri were so awesome at our wedding! They played all the music we told them to and all the genres that we loved. He was a very clear and efficient MC and my guests always knew what was going on and where to be. And Jason was so flexible with all my piecemeal music choices and last minute changes! My father is no longer with us and I had a family friend who was kind of acting as my stand in dad. I would go back and forth about whether I was going to walk with him down the aisle or if I was going to dance with him or if I wanted him introduced, etc. I probably changed my mind a million times and Jason just rolled with it every single time I made a different decision. He was GREAT! He never made me feel like I was bothering him or annoying him, which really was great because that was a really emotional decision for me and I would feel one way one week and then another way the next. But Jason was just so sweet in dealing with me on that! and Kerri was just the cutest little thing out there teaching us all how to do the Wobble! Truly, everything was AWESOME! I'd recommend them in a heartbeat!
