5	I usually go to this location or the one off of 7th in North PHX.  Both locations always have what I'm looking for---seems like they're always stocked well (or I'm the only one buying these particular supplements! lol).Service is great---the guys that work there can answer any question--even after all my research online, I still quiz and ask a million questions sometimes- they're on their game. I feel comfortable purchasing from these locations.Extra plus for the large real estate both stores have--never too crowded, and its a supplement queen's dream to stay and peruse the shelves looking for a new antioxidant blend to try....:)AND, you accrue points! (If you've read any of my reviews, you know points, miles, etc is something I completely appreciate!!! :))
4	I like the Vitamin Shoppe, because it is easy to return items.  I returned J. Robb's whey protein when I realized that it contained soy lecithin--which means that there is a 93% chance that it is a genetically modified organism(GMOs).  I wrote to the company, and they said that they were in the process of changing to sunflower seed lecithin because of the GMO issue.  GMOs have never  been studied for safety in humans.  In animal studies, they have been shown to cause organ damage and infertility.  Theoretically, it is possible for GMOs to cause the good bacteria in your intestines to produce pesticides.  At present GMOs are most soy, corn, canola, zucchini, breakneck squash and Hawaiian papaya.  You should buy these items only if they're organic. The Vitamin Shoppe also let me return Organic Bee Farms manuka honey.  I just found out that bees that are allowed to go on plants that are GMO do transfer the GMOs to the honey.  Organic Bee Farms manuka honey is not organic.  Organic food cannot contain GMOs.  I bought Wedderspoon Organic Manuka Honey instead.  Manuka honey is a very strong antibiotic that is used in hospitals in Australia and New Zealand.  It will also heal an ulcer and kill MRSA and other antibiotic resistant strains of bacteria.  I use it on cuts and also if I have a sore throat etc.  The Vitamin Shoppe has good sales.  I always price compare The Vitamin Shoppe with online Swanson Vitamins, because it's hard to beat the prices at Swansons.  Swansons also has all of their products tested for purity and potency at 3 independant labs.
2	No Buys here, don't wast a stop.Nice friendly knowledgeable staff.Really helpful if you can't find it they will look it up for you they will also give you a print out of what it does and how it works.
