5	The West family has been taking care of my families vehicles for decades...you will not find a more professional and honest shop in this city. They have saved us so many times I cannot even count. For brake jobs, in depth engine repair, or hardcore troubleshooting they will take great care of you plain and simple.
5	James West and company are the real deal. Honest mechanics and really nice people. James kept my 1990 ISUZU TROOPER humming along. Once, he even loaned me his personal vehicle while the Trooper was in for major mechanical work. Simply the best, honest and humble about being AMAZING ! !
2	I decided to go to them bc I heard good reviews and they gave me a pretty decent quote. I needed an AC system repair which takes about 5-6 hours. The job got done but they took entirely too long to do it. Along with their poor communication skills due to their lack of calling, I never knew when I was getting my car back. I dropped my car off on a Monday afternoon and didn't end up getting it back until wednesday right before they closed. During that whole time they only called me once, and every time I called to see if my car was ready they gave me a new finish time. They didn't even call to notify me that my car was finished. They got the job done at a reasonable price, but you run the chance of being car less for a while which is pretty difficult and frustrating for me.
5	Hands down the most HONEST mechanic I've ever been to.  Started taking my vehicles here about 3 years ago, and have never had a single issue.  The price is always fair, and even though the work might seem to take a little while longer than it should...they are a small shop and they can get very busy at times.I moved across town and started taking my cars elsewhere.  I realize now it was a total mistake!  I don't care how far away James West is from me...if I live in the valley, he'll be my mechanic.
5	Had trouble with pulsating brakes coming over Tehachapi Pass while driving.to Las Vegas from the Bay Area.  I called James West Automotive and explained the problem over the phone. He had a pretty good idea what it was, and asked me to bring it in the next morning.  They replaced the front rotors and brake pads, and no more problems!  A one day fix and I'm all ready for the drive back home. Since I'll be towing my piano home, it will be much safer now with functional front brakes!
5	My husband and I are very impressed with this mechanic. We went to him since we heard all these wonderful things. Come to find out they were right this man is an honest mechanic and he does the job right if something isn't right with your car he breaks it down for you and gives you many options. He's got a customer for Life. thank you mr.west.
5	James West Auto Repair has furthered their reputation as an honest and trustworthy auto repair establishment. Mr. West's beside manner was beautiful, he asked me lots of questions and went above the scope of service to get me taken care of quickly. Another mechanic had previously half-heartedly insisted that my precious jewel had lost compression and a new motor was the only way to get her back.Thankfully, after a leak down test, Mr. West informed me that the engine was in great shape and only needed a few small replacements. They quoted a replacement injector, idle air control module and labor at a fair price and since the injector actually cost less than they quoted, they passed the savings on to me (a little over $60 )which was a great help in an emergency such as this. The car runs great and after only one job completed I can tell that James West will be my go to mechanic from here. Thank you!
