5	Awesome!
4	I recently watched the film "Whip It" and I've had the Dolly Parton song "Jolene" randomly pop into my head ever since. It doesn't help that Vegas's newest food truck is owned and operated by a person named Jolene.Anyway, let me cut to the chase. Hands down, my absolute favorite item on Jolene's menu is the Green Chile Chicken Stew. Wow. Absolutely delicious. I first tried it at one of her preview events. It was so damn good, it completely overshadowed the Pork Tacos that I also tried. And it's the perfect thing to be holding in your hand, outside at a food truck, in this brrr-licious weather.As for the Pork Tacos, they were pretty good. I'll have to try them again one day. At last night's official launch, I tried the Sloppi Jo and it was also delicious. It consists of slow-roasted pork with red chile sauce, pickled onions thrown into the mix, and topped with a fried egg. You get a couple of tortillas to go along with it. Interesting presentation.At the preview event, they handed out Sopapillas, so I got to try a couple. They can be described as light pastry pillows topped with honey butter. Yummy and a nice way to cap off your meal.Like I did with Jo's big brother, Fukuburger, I'm sticking with 4 stars initially. I want to try everything on her menu. Regardless, when the new year rolls around, I highly recommend getting out there and supporting our newest local biz on wheels.
4	Yup, I am a fan. It was one of their first nights on the road and the wait was around an hour long. Ugh. At one point I looked over and their lights were out and the guys were cooking in the dark to bang out our food! Here's the scoop on the grub. The Stew was INSANE! I loved it so much I contemplating ordering more. It's spicy, green chile-chicken stew served with a warm tortilla. This was awesome. Secondly I tried the Sloppi Jo. It was spicy, smokey pulled pork with an egg on it and it was also delicious. Lastly was the sopapillas which I was most excited for. Truth be told, not all that good. They were small, chewy and topped with a square of cinnamon butter (not melted) and dusted with powdered sugar. I would rather have one regular sized one that's puffy and light. They surely need to work on making these at least taste fresh. The prices were pretty reasonable for my wallet and the food was well above average. I am going to give them a month to work out the kinks and I will definitely be back for more stew and to try the tacos.
5	I am a fan of the food trucks in Veagas, and I am glad to welcome Sloppi Jo's into the fold.The menu isn't the biggest in town, but everything is very well done. I have yet to have anything that I don't like on their menu.I attended both the soft opening and their opening joint with FUKUburger, and it was the best of both worlds...Fukuburgers and Sloppi Jo's Hatch Chile inspired menu.I'm including my review of their soft opening "Hatch Chile Cheese Burger- Burger Cooked to a perfect medium, served wrapped in a tortilla, with chilies.I was impressed with the burger the patty was decent sized and cooked to a perfect medium, there was a little heat from the chilies, but it could use a little more bite (and I'm not really a chili guy).Green Chicken Chile Stew- Chicken, peppers, potatoes, served with a tortilla on the sideThe stew had a noticeable heat, but it wasn't overbearing, the chicken pieces were big, and the stew was great, I will be getting this again.Next up was their Breakfast Burrito-It was bit of a mess, but a tasty tasty mess. Tortilla wrapped around eggs, bacon, chilies, and topped with 2 different sauces, and some crema. I am not a breakfast burrito guy but this was amazing...If I'm out in the morning and the truck is within a drive of my house...I'm having one of thesePork Taco-The Pork could be one of the best menu items at SloppiJo's it's featured in the taco and the sloppijo, the taco was good, it had avocado on it, and sadly I'm not really an avocado fan, other than that they were delish.The SloppiJo-There is nothing I can say that will do this dish any justice other than YUM. It featured the pork which was topped with a fried egg and served with a few veggies and a tortilla, it was delicious, it was messy, and I will be having more of these in the future.Sopapillas-A perfect end to the meal...sugary and delicious."My 2 favorite dishes are the Name Sake Sloppi Jo and the breakfast burrito.I look forward to eating at Sloppi Jo's more in the future.
5	What an Amazing  Truck!!First off, my friends and I were running a little late and we were worried that we were going to miss Sloppi Jo because they were only scheduled at Sapphire till 3am. We arrived in the parking lot 3 minutes till and it was difficult to park because of all the choas going on with the taxis. However when we walked up to the truck it seemed  as though they weren't leaving any time soon. I order the Sloppi Jo. This is definately a different twist than your average "sloopy joe" hence the different way of spelling they use and the owner even warns you ahead of time. The pork was very tender and well seasoned and cooked in this New Mexican type sauce with an egg all in a warm tortilla. Very pleased, can't complain. The only thing I could ask for is maybe if it was a little larger, I mean $6 is pretty standard, but the size did not match up to it's price.My friends shared the pork tacos and said they were delicious. The amazing factors1. It was pretty cold and one of my friend didn't have a jacket on and the owner brought out her own coat for my friend to wear while we were eating in front of the turck. 2. She gave us free sopapillas, which I think was probably the best thing we ate from the truck. I've had never had them before, but boy were they good. If only the honey butter was a little bit more spreadable. 3. While waiting for our food, I noticed a man next to us asked for a water cup. They didn't have any so she just gave him bottled water. That is really thoughtful of her rather than saying "we only have bottled water for $1." I can probably say this is the best costomer service I have ever experienced in my life.Must try, 2 Thumps up for Sloppi Jo's!
5	Now that I've tried pretty much everything on Jolene's menu, I'm ready to update my review. There's no doubt in my mind. This is a 5-star hangout. Honestly, I think her Green Chile Chicken Stew is worth the price of admission alone. I've had it every single time I've visited and I absolutely love it. For me, it has quite a bit of heat initially, but that mellows out for the rest of the cup. I dread the day when Vegas gets too hot to enjoy a cup of this awesome stew.As for the other items, I particularly like the Red Burger. It's not on her original menu, but rather one she added recently. It's ridiculously delicious. I also like the Breakfast Burrito. It's a knife and forker due to it being covered in Red and Green Chile sauce. I love the large chunks of bacon in it.I won't regurgitate the other items from my original review. Bottom line: I highly recommend tracking this truck down and getting your stew on while the weather is perfect for it. It will be interesting to see if she brings on any new items once we hit triple digits.
5	The "Sloppi Jo", breakfast burrito, pork tacos, red burger(special), and the sopapillas are items offered by this delicious provocative yellow truck and what I have devoured so far. From what I know everything except the sopapillas have an awesome kick added. The spice is not too much, but not too weak either, and it lingers in my mouth craving for more. The "Sloppi Jo" is a twist on the traditional sloppy joe sandwich where everything is inside out, has a tortilla instead of a bun, uses slow roasted pork in a red chile sauce that I could just eat pounds of while watching tv, and a over easy egg, ohhhh yeah! I don't miss the traditional sloppy jo.. at all, leave this one for the adults and let the elementary kids have the messy ground meat in between two buns. Jo is also very nice, she keeps it personal with her customers (she even hugged me once), and makes you feel like you guys already know each other. I also like the supplies table, she has the forks, spoons, knifes, and some nice quality napkins (nice napkins is a star in my book haha) all stocked up and ready for you.  Sometimes when I watch the food network or read some reviews I notice they really exaggerate how GREAT the food or the restaurant is. Don't you hate it when you're disappointed by your fellow foodies? Fortunately you won't be let down by Sloppi Jo's Roving Eatery truck of awesomeness. They're always working hard at some different time of the day (1130-3PM and something like 12-3am) giving you the opportunity to catch them. Find out where they are at via twitter : http://twitter.com/sloppijos  P.S. I was at Sloppi Jo's maybe two hours ago and now I'm craving it.
5	I found out about Sloppi Jo's completely by accident. A few weeks ago as I pulled my rig out of the station to go on a call this bright yellow truck drove by. As it passed us I was able to read the name Sloppi Jo's in big letters on the side of the truck. Many of you are probably aware that "lunch trucks" are becoming quite popular right now. Because this truck caught my eye that morning I decided I needed to check it out. Upon visiting Sloppi Jo's webpage I discovered that they specialized in two of my favorite things: Hatch, New Mexico chiles and an owner that grew up on southern cooking. For me this is combination that can't be beat. Today I was able to track down the bright yellow truck and I was not disappointed.The headline item on the menu is "The Sloppi Jo". I've found that anytime an eating establishment puts their name on a dish that it's the best place to start. The "Sloppi Jo" is slow roasted pork in a red chile sauce, topped with a fried egg and pickled onions. It's served with a large flour tortilla as opposed to a bun. To say that it was delicious would be an understatement! The pork was very tender and moist and the red chile sauce was done perfectly. The pickled onions didn't over power the rest of the meal and the fried egg was the perfect topper for the pork. This is an item I'm sure to order again on future visits.While waiting for my food the trucks owner, Jo, was putting out some dessert items. The chocolate iced cupcakes she had drew my attention so I asked about them. Jo told me they were white cake with chocolate buttercream icing. The kicker was the buttercream had cinnamon and chile pepper in it. That sold me and I'm glad it did. Some people get a little freaked out when you tell them that there is chile in a chocolate dessert, but when it's done right the end result is awesome. These are certainly done right! She also had some cupcakes that are Guinness infused. That will be dessert on my next trip.The prices at Sloppi Jo's Roving Eatery are more than reasonable. Everything on the menu is $5-$6.There were a number of people at the truck eating various items and to a person they all said their food was delicious. Sloppi Jo's website is sloppijos.com. There you will find her menu, schedule and some other info about the business. They are usually out during lunch time and late night on the weekends. If Sloppi Jo's is in your area they are worth checking out.
5	Saw it on the street today at lunchtime.  Pulled over and checked it on YELP, after which I just had to try it.The young woman recommended the chicken stew when I asked her what to take back to my office. ..and told me to tear up the tortilla and drop it into the stew.I took it back to work and found myself not in my office, but in heaven.  GREAT STUFF!  There's still a faint burning on my tongue, adn a slight wateriness in my eyes...and I can't wait to get back for more.  And next time, I'll get multiple orders...not that's it's not filling...it's just too damn good to not have more!!
5	The pork tacos here are amazing.  Generous size with crema, guacamole, pickled onions, and cheese.  The tortillas melt in your mouth.  Yum!The cupcakes are also terrific.  I had a banana bread cupcake with peanut honey frosting.  So good.  I can't wait to come back and try more cupcakes and the signature sloppi jo dish.I don't swing that way, but I have to admit that the Sloppi Jos crew is definitely easier on the eyes than the other food truck crews, save Snow Ono.  I really dig this new trend of woman-owned food trucks and I hope it continues!
3	3.5 StarsHad been waiting for a good opportunity to try this truck out since I am a huge fan of New Mexican cuisine.  Enjoyed a sampling of pork tacos ($5), green chile chicken stew ($5) and a Sloppi Jo ($6).  The pork is very similar to carne adovada...tender with great flavor from the red chile sauce.  The stew was very good, although if you have spent much time in New Mexico it will probably leave you wanting a little more spice and substance.  The Sloppi Jo was definitely unique, incorporating the pork, a sunny-side up egg and pickled onions served with a tortilla and I wouldn't hesitate to order it again.  Although I didn't get the chance to try everything, the sopapillas looked authentic and they were even hooking up the Frito Pies.I felt that portions were a little small for the prices, but I will likely be back thanks to the quality of food and perhaps a slight crush on the owner...lol.
5	This girl Jolene knows her stuff.  Everything made from scratch and with a lot of car.  Make sure you see where she'll be for the week and make sure you get there.  You don't want to miss this unique amazing truck on the Las Vegas street food scene.  My favorites are the 'Red Burger' and the 'Green Chili Stew.'
4	Finally able to check out Sloppi Jo's at STreats Festival. I tried the green chile potatoes and the Sloppi Jo. The Sloppi Jo consisted of very tender pork in spicy red sauce with a poached egg on top. Flavor explosion! I ignored the flimsy tortilla served with it and opted to just use a fork. Just when I thought it couldn't get any better, I tried the green chile potatoes. Because they were so yummy, I was nice enough to split them with my friend. But it wasn't easy because I wanted to lick the little paper boat they're served in! I would seriously hunt down Sloppi's just for these potatoes.
4	These guys ventured to the Gun Store parking lot so I made the trek over in order to sample some of their offerings. One thing that I like about these guys is that they were active in responding to twitter questions I had asked the night before, a show of initiative that I always appreciate. Walking up they have a small stand-alone sign that has their menu written on it. it's a small menu of only a few items; 2 burgers, their signature Sloppijo, 2 kinds of tacos and maybe one or two other things. They also offer Bluesky beverages, scones and muffins which is a nice touch considering their hours are all over the place.There was a girl standing by the window who fielded the orders and handled the cash transactions so that the guys doing the cooking could focus. She was pleasant to interact with and happily described what was in the items. While I was waiting, she helped a guy customize his order so that he could avoid burning his palate. The prices are reasonable and the food was hot and flavorful. I brought their Sloppi Jo and the red burger home for my boyfriend and I to share. The Sloppi Jo was just that; sloppy! but very good :) it made the paper container start to go soft due to all the porky juices leaking from the red-chile drenched pork and egg. It was served with sauteed onions and a warm tortilla; the kind of food that would be delicious after a late night of sinful activities. The red burger was cooked to a nice medium rare and also had the sauteed onions with melted gooey cheese, an aioli sauce and bacon. Overall, it was satisfying, tasty food reasonably priced. If I'm ever in their neighborhood or they in mine, I'll be sure to stop by again!
3	I really want to like them.  really.  The owner is cute and friendly.The truck is easy to find but...the name is a misnomer and the sloppy joe tasted like mexican food.I wanted to go have a sloppy joe ($6 each, I need two to fill up) not, carnitas.  And for the price, I can get better tasting carnitas at alot of other places.The pork was tender enough, overly salty, not spicy, and did nottaste like a sloppy joe.  I liked the egg and pickled onions but, that was the best part.I think they keep the price high to make up for volume but, if you have to eat in your car it should be cheap, greasy, and yummy.
3	From all the great reviews from other Yelpers that I follow and whos opinions I value, I came away from the Sloppi Jo's tasting experience a little underwhelmed at the recent Costco Food Truck Fest.  First it is not "sloppy joe" on the menu, just well, Mexican food.I tried the signature "Sloppi Jo" which is slow roasted prok with red chile sauce, served with fried egg, pickled onions, and flour tortilla.  The pork was tender, but I thought it was too salty, and the flavor was kind of plain and one dimensional.  The pickled onions flavor was really subtle to the point where i thought it was just regular onions, and I didn't think it added to the overall flavor profile of the entire dish.  I do like the fried egg, but I crave the perfect simple fried egg with the runny yolk even when I am full and eating dessert.While eating the Sloppi Jo, I was told that the Green Chile Stew was the bomb, but it was off the menu because the weather is getting too warm now.  I think if it is back on the menu, that will be the item I will definitely want to try, and maybe get a more positive food truck adventure experience in the process.The super tall lady who was taking the orders was super nice (I didn't realize she was standing on a plastic crate until I walked by later in the day) and I have to say that it takes a lot of guts to get into the food truck/mobile food service business.  So best of luck with the venture.
3	It has been a while since the Vegas StrEats food truck festival. To be honest, I want to forget most of that night. If it wasn't for the Sound Clash between The Ting Tings and Cee-Lo, I would have scrapped the night as a bust. The line was disorganized and it was obvious that none of the food trucks were remotely prepared for the onslaught that came their way. The line was hectic, people were cutting me left and right. I wanted to yank on some old witch's weave because she knowing slipped ahead of me and then had the audacity to look back at me like she did nothing wrong. Even more so when her and her friends were behind me continued to have their conversation over me.When I finally got up to the front I ordered the green chile stew only to be told that they ran out. I went through this process for another two turns. Eventually I settled for the Sloppi Jo. Aziz B. ordered the chili cheeseburger. We were told that they had just got a new batch of the pork so they were heating it up. After waiting 20 or so minutes we got our food. The pork was moist, but it was overly seasoned. It was so salty that I ended up putting it over some rice from Island Breeze. The pickled onions helped cut the saltiness and that was probably my favorite part of the dish. A tortilla is too thin to even out the sodium from the pork. My friend enjoyed his burger, but it looked messy. Yet again a tortilla just does not soak anything up and chili was everywhere. Definitely grab some napkins and a fork.
4	Attended the Las Vegas Streats Festival last night and since we got there fairly late some of the trucks had sold out of everything (Food Slingers, Fuku), some trucks had lines that were stupid long (Sliding Thru). We found the line at Sloppi Jo's to be fairly quick, I think we got our order placed within 6-7 minutes (they were out of burgers) so we decided to try the Sloppy Jo (pork chili topped with a fried egg and a side of tortilla). The way they had their truck set up it was the MOST organized of all the trucks down at the El Cortez. They had a lady taking orders OUTSIDE the truck and someone at the other side handing out orders. It went very smoothly. The Sloppy Jo was delicious and I look forward to trying the truck again to get the full experience and then update the review once I have tried more items.
4	Nom, nom, nom. I finally got around to trying Sloppi Jo's at the latest StrEATS. The wait for the actual food (post-ordering) seemed way long, but it was so worth it.I had a difficult time deciding what to order. After much deliberating (hey, the ordering line was long too), I went with the green chile cheeseburger. OMG! It was pretty much the winner of everything I had at StrEATS. The flavors were so perfectly balanced. And having it wrapped in a flour tortilla so totally worked (I had some initial doubts).So the green chile cheeseburger is a standard burger, topped with green chile and pepper jack cheese, and wrapped in a flour tortilla. The green chile was spectacular! And combined with the pepper jack, the flavors were popping and there was just the right amount of spice. It wasn't so hot it was overwhelming, but it was hot enough to remind you why spicy food rocks. And wrapped in a tortilla! Who would've thought that a burger wrapped in a tortilla would be so awesome (certainly not me), but it so totally was. Loved it!But I can't give them 5 stars just yet as they definitely don't have the art of the food truck quite down yet. There were glitches, the wait seemed longer than it should've, and the staff weren't all that friendly and nice. (Sorry, but Slidin' Thru set the food truck bar pretty darn high.)However, I am officially a big fan. And I can't wait to visit again and try some other menu items (though, admittedly, it will be difficult to order anything other than the cheeseburger as it was so good).
5	I love me some Sloppi Jo...and her food and bacon cupcakes!This truck needs to rove around town some more!
5	...and it's now roving all over the place!They have a consistent schedule now: www.sloppijos.com and m.sloppijos.com for mobile useI will have to go with more of the low-carb menu selections, to preserve my figure for summer. Lay off the bacon cupcakes, and eat more of the Green chili tortilla burger and pork items without bread.They say they get their meat from Village Meat and Wine. Now if they would pick up some of their prime meat and grill it for me, yum!
4	So to be very fair to Sloppi Jo's this was the final place I ate after eating at 7 food trucks in 24 hours during the Food Network truck race stop. I was so full but, I have been wanting to try this place for awhile and everything on the menu looked good. I had the tradition sloppi Jo which featured a seasoned pulled pork with an egg on top with tortilla. It was very good but I could not finish. I do wish it had little more spice and if they have a truly traditional ground version in a bun. But, I am very excited to try other things on an empty stomach and they had some deserts on the menu that looked unreal.
4	I have heard a lot of good things about Sloppi Jo's so I was glad to see the truck at a recent food truck event. I ordered the green chile cheeseburger. They used a tortilla in place of the bun. I really liked it and look forward to trying Sloppi Jo's again.
4	I tried Sloppi Jo at this month's StrEATS. My husband and I have a divide and conquer approach to sampling all the foods trucks. While he was in line Fukuburger, I went in search of my own eats to share. I came to Sloppi Jo and I was overwhelmed by the menu, it ALL sounded heavenly, I couldn't choose. I wanted everything. I knew I had to return with the man.Well, he was just as torn as I. So, we ordered the sloppy jo, the BBQ pork sandwich and the mac n cheese. We went overboard considering this was our last truck of the night. The star was that pork sandwich, tender a little sloppy and oh, so good. The sloppy jo was fine and the mac n cheese was real tasty when it was piping hot. As soon as it cooled it became a congealed mess.Next time, I must try the tacos.
4	Tried for the first time at the Ellis Island Smash Up and the Green Chili Mac and Cheese and the Sloppi Dog were excellent!  The credit card machine was not processing and she gave  it to us ..Gave her five bucks cash...(Didn't realize I would need cash at Food trucks...I am a newbie) then ran into her at Tacos and Tequila and paid her back and ate again  a redburger and tacos YUM!  I think I am now addicted...Cannot wait for the next time...My hubby too and my 7 year old loves the tres leches cupcakes..
5	A Red Burger with a pork taco on the side...I think that covers all the food groups.  Jo is a lady who really likes food...you can tell when you talk to her about it.  Andyou can tell when you eat it, because it's great.  Also picked up a couple of cupcakes; one with bacon and maple, the other a chocolate and chile...;but can't taste those until I get home and my wife gets a taste as well.She makes me wish I was still a night owl, because she caters primarlily to the late night crowd.  I'm always happy when she does a day gig somewhere close to my job.I highly recommend.
5	I've eaten here at least 3 times since I moved to LV. Fantastic food. The Hatch Green Chili Mac & Cheese, WOW! And the signature Sloppi Jo, it ain't a "manwich", it's a rich bowl of love! More recently tried the cupcakes, "breakfast" and "Elvis", both again great. If this truck is at a multi-truck event, be sure to try it.
4	Having only tried the bacon maple cupcake at the Pimpin' Street Fest a few weeks back, I was excited to see Jolene and the Sloppi Jo truck hanging out at Khoury's last night. I opted for the Sloppi Jo and one each of the red and green sliders, all protein style (no tortillas or bread). They packaged it up for the short trip home - along with some of the miniature bacon maple cupcakes, of course - and I tootled along. The signature Sloppi Jo was delicious. The very generous serving of pork was tender, well seasoned and, appropriately, a bit sloppy. The pickled onions were fantastic; the taste was sharp without being overpowering and everything was really fresh. The egg, once mixed in, gave a rich creaminess to the spice of the pork and the bite of the onion. (Hey Jo, I would love to try a green chile version of this!) The green slider, made with hatch green chiles, was good. The chiles made it for me; really fresh and spicy-hot with a great roasted taste, the chiles reminded me of dining in New Mexico (so much so I found myself looking up flights on Southwest!). The burger was a tad on the dry side, but the cheese and juicy chiles did a lot to bring it all together. All told, really great combination that I look forward to tasting again. The red slider didn't have the pop that the other dishes had - even knowing it wasn't meant to be as spicy - but it does have bacon and we all know you can't go wrong with bacon. The onions were perfectly cooked, sweet, and a great complement to the rest of the dish. It was a fabulous, tasty burger, no doubt about it, and I appreciated the smoother, subtler flavors in contrast to the spice and heat of the others. Still, I wanted something else with it. The cupcakes were fantastic. I brought home four of the minis (about an inch, maybe inch and a half square? Really mini!) and my friends went crazy for them! Candied bacon on top of some of the freshest icing we've ever had and the cake, usually a candidate for being too dry and hard when made so small, was moist and perfect with, yes!, more bacon inside! A great little sweet at the end of what was, overall, a great meal. Add to great food the great personality of Jo(lene). Smiley, bubbly, and sociable, she was taking orders, sharing insights, chatting up the wine and beer drinkers. She is laid back and, at once, fierce about her food and her love for what she does. She draws you in, feeds you well, and sends you off with a smile. Win-win-win!
4	I went here last night while downing some beers at Khoury's Fine Wine and Spirits.  Sloppy Jo's was parked right in front so, why not?  My buddy and I shared the Spicy Grilled Cheese and the BBQ slider, and we each had a 'Red' Slider.  Hands down these were the best sliders from a food truck I have had.  I know some other places get the fame and glory but the meat on these sliders was cooked perfectly (and it didn't take 25 minutes to get our food)!  The onions, bacon, and sauce on the sliders just added another level to make them just plain delicious.  We both thought the grilled cheese had the perfect amount of spice to it and it was very cheesy, in a great way!  I was a little disappointed because they had run out of the green chiles and we couldn't try the 'Green' Slider or the Mac n' Cheese.  Understandable though because a bunch of dudes drinking a bunch of beers are going to get pretty hungry.  I don't see why I wouldn't try this place again because I'm sure I will go back to Khoury's and if Sloppi Jo's is out in front, I'll be in line for some more sliders!
5	I finally tracked down Sloppi Jo's for lunch in the southwest. The pork tacos (2 for $6) were unreal. They had a distinct "New Mexico" taste with the red chile spiced pork -- a completely different  flavor than any Mexican street style taco. Tender, well seasoned, with a touch of heat, these pork tacos with guacamole, pickled onions, la crema, and queso fresco were generously stuffed. So much so that the corn tortillas couldn't handle all of that deliciousness and fell apart. You're not going to look pretty eating these, but it's worth it to savor every last scrap.The BBQ slider ($3) is another item that shouldn't be missed. Filled with a tender beef patty, jack cheese, bacon, BBQ sauce, red chile mayo, and crispy onions, this is one of the better sliders in town. The meat to bun ratio was perfect, the flavor was mouthwatering, and there was plenty of textural contrast with the beef and crispy onions.With all the other items on their menu -- the sloppi jo, chicken tacos, mac-n-cheese, other sliders, and desserts -- there's plenty of reason to return.
5	After the last couple of weeks and then the Street Food Throwdown... this needs updating... Jo has more than earned that extra star.Mac n' Cheese, not usually something you will find me eating... until this. Not to take away from the base mac n' cheese which is tender, cheesy, gooey, and flavorful all by itself, but Jo has specials. The one I had included hatch green chiles and andouille sausage. Probably the best mac n' cheese I have *ever* tasted... add to that amazing creaminess a roasted meatiness and a deep spiciness?Holy. Foodgasm. Batman.Then, the throwdown! Food trucks in Vegas are just this side of gourmet already, so you hear often of various sandwiches, dogs, desserts and drinks... but what about frog's legs?"Ribbit!" (Translation: Wowza! Frog's legs on a food truck?!)They were a tad on the salty side which, in my opinion, would be the only reason she didn't win. I have to think it was an extremely tough decision (see my thoughts on the winner here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/lulus-on-the-move-las-vegas#hrid:iNMumhPDcmOmHIbcE_eRAg ) because Jo's frog's leg dish was meaty and tender, spiced just right (aside from aforementioned salt on some of them), breaded perfectly, and amazingly well executed.Add to our shared meal a signature Sloppi Jo... Food truck heaven in little paper dishes.Sloppi Jo's continues to prove, time after time, why they deserve to be part of Vegas' food truck royalty! Huzzah!
3	I love the food truck craze that has struck Las Vegas.My first experience with a food truck was at Slidin Thru, and they really set the bar high. The next place I went to was Fukuburger, who was equally as awesome. Needless to say my expectations were very high when my wife and I wen to try out Sloppi Jo's. Those expectations were not met.While the menu provides a pretty good variety of food, we thought we'd both go with the signature dish the Sloppi Jo. You can't go wrong with the dish that's the name of the truck, right? Eh, wrong. The non-traditional sloppy joe is pork that is slow cooked in their red chile sauce and topped with a sunny side up egg. It's also served with pickled onions and a tortilla. I chose to build a burrito. The pork was a bit dry and the red sauce surprisingly had very little flavor. The onions didn't taste like they had been pickled, more like marinated for 20-30 minutes then served. I expected my mouth to explode when I took my first bite, but that didn't happen. The sunny side up egg is a great addition to the burrito as it added some moistness that was well needed. The tortilla was outstanding, but when the contents inside it aren't great it makes for a very mediocre burrito. From a presentation standpoint I thought it was just okay. Value was just so-so as the self made burritto really wasn't enough.Now the menu is diverse so I would like to try something else. Maybe it was just an off night or maybe I just ordered the wrong thing. I'll try it again, but for me it just wasn't great this time around.
2	Tonight was our first food truck experience. We saw the ad for the event at Ellis Island tonight with 3 food trucks and thought this was our chance to see what all the fuss was about. Sadly, we could have skipped it. The only redeeming item we had was the hamburger from Sloppi Jo, which was tasty. The chicken tacos were horrible and we only ate two bites, the mac and cheese not much better. I thought the deal was the food trucks are gourmet, not the case tonight. The wait to get your food was also very lengthy, thinking we should have went to a brick & mortar.
4	Stopped at Tommy Rockers for the food truck meet up last night. Alot of options but i always wanted to try Sloppi Jo's and i'm glad i did.I went with the pork tacos and they wey soooo good. The pork was moist and tender. The combinig flavors of the chillies and the crem fresh cheese all came together for a perfect taco. Only about a 5 minute wait. Can't wait to meet up with them again!
5	Very impressed with the food and the owner's (Jolene Manning) drive to provide both great food and a great eating experience.  Impressive menu and while the Red Burger, Green Chili Cheeseburger, and Chicken Taco were tasty (in that order) the best dish by far was the Sloppi Jo; and not a traditional Sloppy Jo in any way!  Pulled pork, a sunny side up egg with a sprinkle of pepper powder, red chile sauce, and pickled onions served on a flour tortilla.  Simply outstanding!!  I had the Sloppi Jo, the Red Burger, and the Green Chili Cheeseburger along with a Mandarin orange soda and for dessert a vanilla tres leche cupcake that required a fork to eat (not huge but a fork needed).  Also a chocolate cupcake with cream cheese topping and then a bit of chocolate sauce.  Finally, the chili peppers on the food, that the food was cooked in, or soaked in are from Hatch, NM and add an additional taste that really makes the meal(s).
