5	Friendly employees and high quality products.  They have smaller sized samples of their products here so you don't have to fully commit to a large bag of food before finding out if your dog or cat likes it.  I picked up some Acana grain-free kibble and a sample of Nature's Instinct raw chicken, and they have a frequent buyer program where you get 1 bag of food free for every 12 (I think) that you buy.
5	Love this place! I go frequently with my dog to get her anything from toys to treats to grooming supply's. Great prices and friendly people are always working and excited to greet me and my dog! Yay fan for life!
5	***I AM REVIEWING THE PET PLANET - COLLEGE PARK LOCATION***I have gone to the Pet Planet listed 3 times and love it!5150 S Rural Rd Suite 106Tempe AZ 85282 / 480-897-9790I went in out of curiousity with my boys one time and the Haley (red head) was so nice. She talked to me about my dog and had suggestions on food and treats. She talked about some products they had and really cared about everything I told her about my baby, Bruno. We came back that following Sunday and used their Kiosk and got some good suggestions for our dog. My husband came with me this time and Bruno was with us. There was a blonde lady working there (forgot her name, please don't take it the wrong way, my brain is gone!). She was super nice too. She talked to us and welcomed Bruno. She showed us the self dog wash room and made herself available if we had any questions while we walked around.  The things I love the most about this place are the staff and selection of products. They have both been so amazing and are happy to answer all questions I have. And the blonde staff member called me today (Sunday, 4/27/14) to see how Bruno was doing and how he liked the samples they gave us. SERIOUSLY! I have NEVER been called by a pet store staff member to see how my dog was doing. (Oh wait, I have been called our trainer, Billie, at PetsMart for follow-up on Bruno's progress.) But that's it! She was happy to hear that we changed his food to a product they sell, Horizon Complete, and he loves it. She told me to come over or call anytime I have a question and hopes to see me and Bruno soon. *jaw drop* Now that's customer service with an A+! They have a wide range of natural wholesome dog food and treats from raw to dry/packaged. My dog loves Zukes and Blue treats a lot and Pet Planet has a nice range to choose from. I even noticed their raw food section in the back and am planning on coming back to get Bruno a nice yummy bone as a treat soon. We will continue to go to this store for our dog's needs.
5	This place is great. It's small and the staff is really helpful. They helped us pick out a food that was good for my chihuahua mix. They put the food name into the computer, which is great because I can never remember the name of her food. We got another dog and I didn't know how much to feed her. I called and they went and checked for me. That was really nice.
5	We buy Natural Balance dog food and their prices are 20% lower than Petco.  Plus, they have a frequent buyer reward which entitles you to a free bag every ten purchases.  Great service and they get to know you and your pets.
5	We visit for healthier doggie food than most mass produced stuff, & the occasional dog toy. A great experience every time, and they get to know their customers to a surprising degree. Once I bought a toy plastic egg here, suggested by one of the employees, and when my wife returned that employee asked her how the dog was liking it. Go-getter attitude too, they always ask if they can help before you ask your first question. Bought a large bag of food today and the guy behind the counter insisted on carrying it to my trunk for me. A-plus service & good quality products.
5	Love this place!! Staff is always so friendly, and they can always answer my questions. They only stock products that are super healthy for your pets, so you can feel confident about the food you are buying. Their prices are also LOWER than Petco and PetSmart!!
5	This is where we buy food and products for our dog.  The owners are so nice,  helpful and informative.  They have great recommendations for us on food,  treats and toys.
5	I just had my first experience at Pet Planet  and LOVED IT! The staff are so knowledgeable; they give me free practical advice about my beloved best friend that was wonderful. The best part, my pup was all tired out when he came home! What a Lake view bonus...We will keep coming back for more!!!!
5	Wow. I am dealing with three adult cats who are all sick from the new kitten we adopted. It has been a sad, stressful couple of weeks. I treated myself to breakfast at pomegranate cafe and then I spotted pet planet. I thought I would pop in to see if they had the L-lysine chews a friend recommended. Indeed they did, in their beautifully stocked and well-kept store. The woman working, Julianna, helped me find them and then asked me if I was in the system as she rung me up. When she learned that it was my first visit, she asked if she could prepare a welcome gift for me. Out came a cute reusable tote and in went two toys for my cats. When I told her that they were sick and not eating, she tossed in a can of Tiki Cat wet food and a can of premium tuna and shrimp. She also gave me a sample of shelf stable, grain free raw food and all natural treats. She put in coupons and a decal we can fill out to alert first responders to the animals we have inside. She put the names of my treasured babies in the computer, explained to me the store's quality and standards policies, showed me a bunch of healthy natural foods to consider and explained about their price-match policy, and wished me the best. This was not a hard sell; this was straight up sincere, compassionate, friendly customer service. I was totally impressed. Better yet, this visit was an encouraging bright spot when I have been utterly distressed about my animals. I was so grateful for Julianna's warmth and generosity. And! My cat who is so congested he won't eat anything ate a few bites of the tuna, and one of my recovering kitties played with her mouse and downed a lysine chew. I will be a customer for life--heck, for all nine lives!
