4	Nice, upscale italian restaurant. Beautiful decor, great service and great food. The wait staff is very educated and can help you with selections, wine pairings and anything you need. The food is wonderful. Luce is not inexpensive but is well worth every cent. Located at the base of the Hearst tower so parking there is easy and it's a central uptown location. Worth a visit if you're looking for upscale dining with authentic italian dishes.
4	My friends and I went to Luce this past Saturday night.  It was my first time and I was very impressed.  Initially, I was worried about the atmosphere--IMO, the decor is a little stuffy.   But the staff is very friendly and the mood very relaxed.  The food is delicious and very reasonably priced (average entree is $20-25).  Check out their menu on their website: www.luceristorante.net .
4	Great restaurant! As a vegetarian, there were no no-dairy options. I had to  ask for them to make special accommodations, which the gladly obliged. The atmosphere was wonderful, a very classy place, even a coat check! No smoking and no line to get in. Very wonderful place.
4	Yay for a lovely Italian spot that is a little upscale. While I am all for casual dining, the scene around uptown can get a little monotone.  So I was excited to find this place, tucked away in the back of a little plaza.  The restaurant is small, with a lovely bar area and a warm decor.  The menu is well balanced and even has a vegetarian option.  They had some specials as well, including the avocado gaspachio which was delicious but served in a too big of a bowl.  Do try the bean dip that comes with the bread -- very tasty. Wine menu deserves a special note -- it's pretty diverse, lovely Tuscan selection with a lot of reasonably priced bottles that are still high quality.The bill will come out a little bit more than average for the area but it's well worth it -- it manages to have class without extra pretense. I am going to be back.
4	A nice place to go on a special occasion or before seeing a show at the Blumenthal. Love love love the starter bread with the white been aioli, the beef carpaccio is just ridiculous (in a good way), and my husband is not a dessert person at all but he raves about their cannolis.  Be sure to have a glass of Sangiovese with your meal, yum yum.
1	We went there for restaurant week. The place is very cozy. Drinks are at least $8 a pop. The hostess was really accommodating and friendly. Unfortunately the food was far from impressive. They brought bread and bean which is yummy but there were not enough for eight of us. I'm not sure why you would bring 5 slices of bread on a table of 8 (we must look like those Atkins diet people). The crab/salmon patty was overcook. The risotto was good. The dinner (some kind of fish) was salty. To make matter worse... I found a long blond hair in my fish. The waiter comp my meal out. The manager never come out and talk to us (I think he's too busy tasting the wines). In conclusion... yea... we're not coming back.
5	We came in last night for a friends birthday and they went out of they're way to make it even more special, not only was the food great but they sent out a champagne toast to start and also a birthday dessert!! We started off with the Beef Carpaccio that was so delicious it's now one of my top three in Charlotte!! We also had a Cheese and Meat plate with some Olives also very good the olives were really tasty!! For my Entree I had the Rack of Lamb that was served with Artichokes and Fingerling Potatoes it was DELISH!! It was cooked perfectly and seasoned great!! I believe everyone enjoyed they're Entrees also, but I was more concerned with my own to care!! The service was great and the manager checked in to see how everything was. We really had a nice time and enjoyed ourselves!! I will be back soon!!
5	I had lunch at Ristorante Luce with an account manager of the consulting company I work for here in Charlotte (free lunches are great!).  This place is fantastic! We started off with insalata I had the organic greens, my acct mgr had the Caesar.  Both were fresh and lightly dressed.  For our entrees I had the gnocchi and my acct mgr had the piccata.  The gnocchi were the best.  They were cooked al dente with a light tomato sauce covered with mozzarella.  My acct mgr said the piccata was excellent as well, which I believe as she used the bread to mop up the remaining lemon caper sauce.  I had the gelato for dessert.  The day's flavor was coconut.  It was also delicious.  The service was perfect.  Attentive without being intrusive.  I have traveled to Italy and this ristorante compares with anything I found there.  One note, this Ristorante follows the same menu structure as in Italy.  Everything is ala carte.  So if you order antipasto or insalata, an entree, and dolce you can rack up a big bill.  But, nothing on the lunch menu was over $14, so you can have reasonably priced lunch as well.  The portion size is also Italian as well, no over flowing plates here, but that is how I wish more restaurants would do.  Overall the food is simple and well prepared.  I will definitely make it a point to come back for dinner in the future.  If you want true, simple, excellent Italian food, Ristorante Luce will deliver.
4	Went with a large group on a weeknight and were instantly wowed by the elegant decor.  I ordered the Osso Bucco which was delicious.  Thumbs up!
4	Ok, so I was in a pasta type of mood and decided to try Luce to see if all the hype was legit..........and I'll just say that Luce has been added to my Italiano list:-)  I had the express lunch which includes bread, soup or salad, an entree and a drink for $13 guaranteed in 30 minutes or less.  The soup of the day was lobster bisque, which was super yummy with the bread and my entree was the buttera(tubular pasta, italian sausage, sweet peas and tomato-cream sauce).....double yummy!  Hand clap for Luce, I may just have to check out their sister restaurants too!
5	The best Italian Experience I have ever had in the Charlotte area. I am Italian, grew up in an "Italian" kitchen, my mom owned an Italian restaurant and my dad a pizzeria trattoria, so I know my Italian and this place was an all around perfect dining experience. I tried: the gnocchis, lamb, stuffed chicken and tuna and all of the dishes were melt-in-your-mouth amazing. Highly recommend!
5	PHENOMENAL!!!  My wife and I came here for dinner on Saturday night for combo anniversary/birthday dinner.  I have the opportunity to eat out alot due to my work schedule including in NY and DC quite a bit and this place was top notch.  I was a little nervous that it was going to be too quiet and old folks after some of the reviews here but I thought that atmosphere was a nice mix between lively and romantic.The maitre'd was extremely cordial and checked on us several times.  They were out of the initial wine we ordered so they gave us a better wine for the same price.  Nice touch and start!Then the food - they have this amazing white bean/olive oil dip for the bread....I know...doesn't sound that good but so tasty - i even tried to replicate it at home the following night.  We had the grilled octopus, branzino with artichokes and thinly sliced potato, and veal ravioli.  All were superb.  Then we were planning on going to Crave Desert Lounge nearby but they said the wanted to bring some sweets over....they brought two whole deserts and the semi-freddo with the honey was too die for.Top notch.  Highly recommended.
5	Wonderful meal, great service and excellent wine.  We loved it!!!!
4	Just had a wonderful meal at Luce.  They were very accommodating for a party of one... and I had a great view of all the action in the restaurant.The bread with cannelini beans was stupendous.... though I could have gone for a bread refueling at some point.  The Cozze (Mussels) were tasty, if only a little salty. My standards for mussels however are REALLY high... think Seattle's Herbfarm high. The Osso Buco however... was TO DIE FOR. It literally fell off the bone and melted on the tongue. Best I have ever had. The accompanying risotto was also outstanding.A side of roasted potatoes was good, if not inedibly hot for most of the meal.A wonderful finish with the bread pudding.Service was personal and efficient.
3	I ate here with co-workers while on a business trip. It's very dim inside. If I were living in Charlotte, I'd go here for some romantical date time. The lighting made me want to drink more wine but then that'd get me into some HR trouble, so I refrained. I ordered the osso bucco which was delicious although a tad on the lemony side. I had some of the rigatoni also which was equally delicious. The service was good considering we had a large party. I'm not sure what price range here is.
5	Very nice upscale resturant with great location. Went out with girlfriend of 6 years on new years eve and although we had to wait intially, we were offered free champagne by the bartender (great customer service), shortly after seating, offered three course option (antipasta, entree and dessert) discluding any alochol purchases. I had the Filet which was cooked perfectly, Luce also has a great wine selection in its cellar, you can actually see the quality of wines. Also, the Maitre'D was continously checking on us and making sure the night was enjoyable. Overall a great experience and will reuturn for special occasions.
4	Thanks to a business associate our group had a great dinner here.  Nice italian wine list, apps, salads, and entrees.  Friendly service.
4	We had tickets to see Michael Buble downtown and wanted to head into a nice restaurant before the show. We read good things on Yelp about Luce so we headed there and found that it was very busy and reservations are generally recommended. They were still very accommodating and allowed us to sit outside on the patio with minimal wait, which was our preference that night because it was warm outside, but the inside is very nice and next time we go, we will make the proper reservations to enjoy that ambiance. The food was great, the calamari was some of the best I have had in Charlotte. For entrees, I got the Butterra and my wife got the Farcito and we were both eating off each others plates. I added a picture so you can see the portion size and presentation. We both drank Stella so not sure how their wine was, but overall it was a great place for a date night, and we enjoyed the service and outside seating area.
5	Amazing service, food and drinks! Managers are so attentive! The osso buco is to die for( had it both times we went there! Melt in your mouth good), and the black cherry rundown duck we had on our first visit there is up there as one of the best duck dishes I've had! Beautiful romantic ambiance and it was so nice we had to go back on our second trip back! It will become a staple in our restaurant trips when we move down to Charlotte this summer!
5	Overall, Luce is one of the best dining experiences I've ever had.  Delicious food (the gnocchi was amazing), excellent wait staff, wonderful atmosphere.  If I was a "playa", I'd take my date here for the sure win in the restaurant category.We were in town for the Charlotte Heroes Comic Con and stopped here for dinner.   When we walked in, I immediately felt under dressed.  Even though every other customer was in fully casual attire (more likely due to the nearby comic event), the restaurant immediately strikes you as an upscale, formal attire venue.  The decorating is simple, yet beautiful, with large white columns, soft romantic lighting and a big brass chandelier over the main dining area.   Every single course was interesting, beautiful and delicious.  A bread basket with a variety of bread was brought with a small bowl of oil and cannelloni beans.  The bread as a bit on the hard side on the outside, but still very tasty and just filling enough to curb your appetite.  We ordered the calamari for an appetizer, which comes with fried calamari, topped with shredded and fried zucchini, with two different sauces for dipping.  We were both surprised by the shredded zucchini, but it was delicious and an excellent addition the crispy yet soft calamari.For entrees I ordered the gnocchi, and my gf ordered the pesto.  They were both delicious.  The pesto had lots of flavor, with the pasta being soft and tender.  It was great.  Here's the thing though.  The gnocchi was so good, it almost ruined the pesto.   I've had a lot of Italian food, and tried gnocchi a few times.  Each time I've tried gnocchi, it's been prepared al-dente which imo has made it too much on the chewy side.  This gnocchi was soft.  Not mushy, but soft and the texture combined with the large chunks of fresh mozzarella  was wonderful.  The tomato based sauce it was in, was easily some of the best I'd ever had.  The flavor wasn't complex.  It was just the best of the flavors in tomato sauce, amplified.   It was not only the best gnocchi we'd ever had, it was one of the best Italian-style dishes I'd ever eaten.For dessert we ordered the Semi-freddo.  It's a small sweet bit of ice cream with some sort of yummy nougat inside, with a few assorted fresh berries on the side.  It was tasty, and the flavors of the ice-cream and fresh berries mixed perfectly.The restaurant isn't very large, but that only adds to charm and intimacy of the atmosphere.  The hostess was professional, and personable and sat us at a table out of the way.  Our waiter was polite and friendly (but not too friendly.  You know what I mean.).  It's important to note, that the entire wait staff was sharp, clean and well dressed.  None of that half-assed, "I'm abiding by the dress code, but I really just rolled out of bed" look.  I'm ok with that most times, but the wait staff of the night obviously put some effort into looking crisp, and it added to the high class feel of the place.  In addition to looking and behaving posh and professional, the wait staff also managed to always be near enough to get you something if you needed it, but rarely so intrusive that they were a bother.  The small size of the restaurant and the number of staff hit the perfect balance of availability and perceived absence.  We never felt annoyed at their presence or lack thereof.As for the price, well,  "If you ain't got no 'monay, take yo broke ass home."  (or to another, more fiscally friendly venue, whichever)
4	Ate a delicious $11.95 lunch here, which is a very delicious and satisfying meal for the money. Began with a veal and tuna appetizer followed by grilled salmon and ratatouille. For dessert I had semi freddo. The salmon was a slightly smaller fillet cut from toward the tail end. I think it may have been frozen but it was still quite good. (The waiter even asked to what temperature I'd like it cooked! Joy!) Dessert was mediocre Italian-American restaurant fare. I would just as soon have skipped it. Portions are very decent and I thought the warm crusty bread was delicious; I asked for butter on the side as I didn't care for the bland, oily, ice cold white bean salad the waiter at first brought with the bread.The atmosphere leaves something to be desired. Fake columns. Very open and airy. There also was only a single other table being seated when I went for lunch on a weekday at 1 pm.
3	Man I had really high hopes for Luce.  I don't know maybe I had my expectations set to high or maybe it was just another restaurant week mishap.  Well here is the good the service was great - the atmosphere was great - the dessert (tirimisu) pretty delicious, but everything else just fell short. I ordered a dirty martini (received a straight-up martini with a twist of lemon)  the boyfriend ordered a long island iced tea (we all tried to figure out what kind of drink they actually made him tasted like bourbon)  but I could live with the drink mishap I'm happy I had my vodka. Now for the food... I started with the panzanella salad there wasn't much taste in the dish it was under seasoned just plain. I  ordered the manicotti for my dinner - I wish I would have known before I took a bite how hot this dish was I could barely feel my tongue after that.  The manicotti was ok but not memorable.  The dish that not only looked really disappointing but as I was told by my guests I brought along with me it was tasteless too.  I'm not going to lie their chicken dishes looked like a lean cuisine you know those teeny tiny chicken breasts that come in lean cuisine meals well folks that is exactly what they got.  Although that was a sad dish the pork chop my boyfriend ordered was delicious and the veal shank was quite tasty as well.  Will I be back ...hmm not sure yet.
4	The decor is really nice and the food is amazing. After traveling Italy for four months I would still say that the gnocchi here is incredible! The only thing I didn't like was the lack of attention to the bathroom floors, the amount of dust collecting was disgusting. Everything else was great including the amazing white bean appetizer with olive oil and fresh bread.
5	We love it and the veal sage ravioli is amazing. The Osso Buco to die for. This is not a place you go everyday but they own a lot of other places here in Charlotte. So you can get the same qaulity and a little less pricey. Osteria Coco in front is the and I believe meaa luna too.Really good Northern Italian Food
3	Excellent service and good food.  Elegant atmosphere.
5	This review is for their lunch sitting...Wow....that one word sums up this place for lunch.  If you would have told me that I would be able to have a sitdown two-course lunch for $12.95 in Uptown, I would have told you you were crazy.  This place proved me wrong.  Considering my burrito, chips, and drink combo from Qudoba or salsaritas pushes $10, Luce was a real breath of fresh air.A fantastic variety of primi and secondi options, as well as daily specials, and you will be able to return to this same restaurant and never get bored.  The great menu options, along with militarily efficient service, makes this the go-to spot for folks who work in the uptown area and have a limited time for lunch.  I recommend the authentic ceasar with anchovies and fresh shaved parmesan.  They had a tomato and goat cheese soup as a daily special that was out of this world as well.  The Mare pasta was amazing....tons of fresh seafood throughout this dish.  Most places would serve the pasta itself at $12.95.  Instead, I got fresh bread with a white bean and olive oil aperitif, ceasar salad, and seafood pasta for my money.  Can't beat it!
4	Italian cuisine that transcends the ordinary, with impeccable service and an ambiance that demands romance make for a great dining experience, especially with your someone special.The Mrs. and I strolled in on a Friday night at the start of restaurant week.  Thankfully, "rush" is not a concept here and, even from our initial greeting and coat check with the hostess, we were pampered  throughout the evening.  The dining room is low lit in the evening, but not dark.  Plaster walls, travertine floors and mostly small tables along the walls.  A small bar sits off to the side, but seemed filled with regulars before the evening's end.  I'll agree with others- this is a place for date night, not a corporate function. Wine list is ample and will cover most palates.  A drink menu holds a small selection of cocktail options.  While you peruse the menu, there is fresh-made bread with a white Italian whole-bean dip that we eventually had to push away lest we spoiled our appetites for the entrees to come.   The menu seems to change but you really should listen to the specials of the evening- there is usually a fish of the day and a risotto and pasta of the day that all sounded worthy on our evening.  Our waitress took her time and seemed very knowledgeable about the menu.  While there are a few Italian staples here, like lasagna, there is a noticeable effort to focus on more Tuscan-style offerings that play on fresh vegetables and proteins light on sauce but skillfully chosen to complement the other ingredients.On our night, I had pistachio-crusted Salmon alongside a risotto flavored with citrus and cardamom.  It was wonderful.  Salmon was cooked to order and light, while the risotto was rich and savory.  The Mrs. had a veal and risotto dish that was accented with truffle and was equally amazing.While we ate, it seemed all the staff stopped by to ask if we were enjoying our meal and whether we needed anything else.  Glasses never got close to empty and I got the feeling that our disapproval of anything would have resulted in immediate rectification.  In other words, the team-based service approach was seriously spot-on here.  The Italian accents by most staff were a pleasant surprise as well.  Pacing was appropriate and we were comfortable the entire time.  Dessert menu was small, but what we picked out worked very well.  Chocolate lava cake and a pear tarte were both single-sized portions, but just enough to savor and cap off what had already been an exceptional meal.  Bill was promptly delivered but we were never rushed.  Parking validation at the table was nice.  Even upon leaving it seems the floor staff made a point to wish us a good evening.  When the hostess refused our tip for the coat check, it just sealed the deal that these guys take customer serious seriously.  Refreshing.  Luce not only has some excellence in their kitchen, but it flows out to the floor staff as well.  This was a great choice and is a worthy contender for a romantic night out with one's significant other.
4	Since I have promised myself that I'm not allowed to move away from Charlotte until I have eaten at every restaurant, I figured that Restaurant Week would be a perfect time to visit Luce, a small Uptown spot that has been on my list for years.  Upon arrival, our table wasn't quiet ready.  No problem there, because the suggestion to "grab a drink at the bar" was a given.  Tucked away in the corner, the attentive bar-goddess quickly poured us wine and presented us with nibbles.  Super-crunchy potato chips (which appeared to be made in house), as well as a heaping handful of olives were placed in front of us.  These. Olives.  I wanted to fall asleep in a bowl if these olives.  I don't know what kind of magic the cooks/aka/olive-wizards behind the scenes of the closed kitchen put into them (fresh garlic? fresh rosemary? tears of their first born?), but I'm talking LIFE CHANGING. Like little baby angels.  The food was great, service attentive and friendly.I'll definitely be back....for the olives.
4	We searched for availability late on a Saturday afternoon for reservations prime time Saturday night and settled on Dolce.  Great reviews on food and service.  We ended up loving it...mostly.  The seafood linguine dish was out of this world -- loaded with shrimp, scallops, lobster, mussels, calamari, clams, excellent sauce and pasta.  Salads were very good.  Buttera was excellent with rally good italian sausage and crisp pancetta.  The only disappointing dish was the piccata which was so overwhelmingly lemon flavored that both te meat and the spinach were hard to taste.  Semi freddo was to die for.  Service was slower than anticipated based on other reviews.  I would call it average.  Overall a very good meal and evening.
5	We went here as a business dinner of 5 folks.  I found this restaurant totally amazing!  The staff was extra special helpful and the food choices were good for everyone.  I would highly recommend to come here for business or pleasure!
4	Went here on business trip for dinner. It was very good, fancy ritzy interior. The service is very helpful & friendly. The food is delicious. Everything was really fresh and made with care. Had the Salmone [Pistachio Crusted Salmon] and it was delicious. Cooked perfectly, great flavors. The fennel orange risotto was so good, unique taste. We also tried the sweet potato gnocchi. They were amazing. They were slightly crispy on the outside, sweet and savory. Also the white bean salad/dip that is put out with the bread is amazing. I would love to indulge by eating here again.
5	The waitstaff is so very friendly, and super-attentive. The specials are always great & and the dessert is delicious. The menu has lots of options and changes frequently. I really enjoyed the perfectly cooked scallops with asparagus risotto. The custard was amazing. I really enjoy this restaurant and the friendly service.
4	This clearly is a Romantic Restaurant, at least for Dinner. It is a relatively small space in the Hearst Tower, but it is dimly lit and the wait staff is professional, attentive and courteous.Now the food. Yes, it appears to be "authentic" Italian. It helps when you have several Waiters FROM Italy and they say it is 99% the same as "home." This is a good thing (and glad it's not of the Olive Garden kind of "Italian.") I had the Veal Osso Bucco. Now I rarely eat this out as it IS a very hard dish to cook WELL. Thankfully, the chef here knew what he was doing as the meat was "fall off the bone" tender and very flavorful with a rich red sauce and of course, lots of garlic! Yummy!My wife ordered the Pasta Carbonara which is one of MY very favorites. Kind of hard to go wrong with anything that has bacon/pancetta in it! And this one was RICH with their creamy and flavorful parmesan cheese white sauce. Delish!We had some sort of an Italian ice cream (NOT gelato!) for dessert, but this was very unique, with almonds in it and an unctuous caramel sauce drizzled over it. I cannot for the life of me remember the name but is was outrageously delicious!Only "complaint" was that the Caprese salad for the appetizer was very, very tiny for the price. Also my Osso Bucco did NOT come with pasta....had to order that for $6 separately.Wine selection is small but nicely picked. By the glass prices are typically around $9 for a good glass. Bottles are somewhat expensive reflecting the Uptown real estate.Overall this is an excellent restaurant! Recommend you checking it out.
4	Soooo upset!  Went to Luce a week ago, and was informed they no longer do their $12.95 lunch special!  Still great food and service, although now I will not be able to frequent as often due to the harder hit to the wallet :(
4	Ok im not going to say that i dont love coming here. The service is great, the ambience phenomenal, the manager is actually italian, etc. I love coming here for dinners or just a bite at the bar, but like with the rest of cuisine in Charlotte, its just not awesome. I believe its because the water in CLT sucks. Grilled octopus is the best thing on the menu. Hands down
5	Recently, I had a business lunch here and thoroughly enjoyed it.  Luce is a small restaurant that sits at the foot of the Hearst tower.  If you are not paying attention, it is possible that you might miss it; even if you are looking for it.  I have worked uptown for a while now and did not know it was even there until someone took me there.  In fact, when we were walking to Luce's I thought that maybe the people I was dining with meant Lavecchia's.Regardless, once I got there, I was impressed with the atmosphere.  It was small and well appointed.  I think this would be a good place for future business lunches or dinner.  A date might be nice here as well.  The dining room is dimly lit but not too dark and I swear all of the waiters are fresh imports from Italy. All are very attentive and have a strong Italian accent.While you wait for your meal, you are presented with fresh bread and olive oil with beans and some sort of spice, a  bruschetta of sorts, to munch on.  For lunch I had a pasta dish made of spinach pasta and a heavy cream sauce - an alfreto of sorts with prosciutto.  The flavors were amazing.  The dish had a certain richness to it but was very light.  Although I have not been to Italy before, I would suspect this to be very authentic.I was impressed by my experience at Luce's and look forward to returning again soon.
4	Oowee. This is some seriously great Italian. If you like your meals to take time, then this place is five stars. The food is five stars. But the slooooow service drops it a notch.Our server didn't have an extensive knowledge of the beer list. This probably shows my naivete with regard to what you're supposed to order at a restaurant like Luce, but still, a good server knows EVERYTHING, or at least acts like it. Thus, Peroni. [sigh]My appetizer was the veal cutlets, just little thin slices of tender baby calf with a dallop of sauce and capers. I'm going to spend a few more months in Purgatory for eating veal, but MAN, it will be worth it!My main course was the cheese rolled in pork, the Fraciti I believe it was called (I can't seem to pull up the menu online) with gnocchi. Seriously great stuff. I ended with the custard and berries, which was okay. I wouldn't send it away, but perhaps I was expecting something more after the faaaaaantastic appetizer and entree.Whew. Again, the only drawback was the 2.5 hour meal. An entire tenth of my day was spent at this restaurant. In some sense it was worth it, just be prepared. Go GO GO!
4	We went there with a large group from work for restaurant week. They didn't seat us right away, but when I went over to ask for the timeframe the server was apologetic and gave us a free appetizer. This was the theme through out the night. Amazing food, some fumbles here and there,but the customer service was on point. This is def a repeat
5	I cannot stop raving about this place since I enjoyed dinner there Tuesday night 7/24. I had the best experience customer service-wise that I have ever had in a restaurant. My server was amazing, the food was delicious, and the decor was point on. It was a beautiful restaurant and very romantic! I liked that they didn't want the guest to have to lift a finger save feeding yourself! I will definitely be back and would like to commend every person working this past tuesday night for the excellent service. I was really impressed and have told anyone who will listen about how great you guys were. Each person working went out of their way to ensure we were having the best experience possible and it worked. Thank you for making our date night a night to remember!
4	We came here for restaurant week. Their 3 course meal menu had a wide variety for the occasion. Upon walking in, it wasn't what I thought it would be. It was smaller than what I imagined, but that was expected after looking at where it was located. Under the Hearst Tower.Now, I imagine this place to be a local place to go to for office workers after a day at work and want to go to drink at a bar. For me, I think the only reason why I'm here is because its during restaurant week (and I thought the menu looked tasty, and I felt like eating italian.) On another note, the seats weren't extremely comfortable, but it was doable.For appetizer, I ordered the fried calamari. It also had fried vegetables, except it was in a string form. My mother ordered the grilled octopus with capers sprinkled on top which I thought it was well cooked and tasty. My brother ordered a salad as an appetizer as well.For the entree, I ordered the stuffed pork chop. I felt that even though there was sauce, it still tasted a little dry in my mouth. So to counteract I had to vigorously add sauce to my pork chop. Half way in was when I noticed stuffing because I tasted mushrooms and I was wondering where the hell is this from?! I thought it was a nice surprise. My mother ordered the fish of the day which I thought was tasty. What made it was the lemon taste with the fish because of the olives as well as lemons themselves. My father ordered off the restaurant week menu and got the Red Snapper. I thought it was very tasty. My brother thought it was very tender, mixed with the tomatoes it went well at the same time it kept with the Italian flavor. I and also my family enjoyed the hint of garlic on the fish.My brother ordered the "Osso Bucco" which is veal. I thought it was delicious. The flavors of the veal as well as the sauce mixed really well. However, the risotto that came with it was mixed with cheese and we agreed that it wasn't cooked all the way through.Lastly for dessert, I had the tiramisu and my mother had the vanilla custard. I felt as mine was tasty, but if I had to choose the dessert I think I would have gone with the custard. Overall, Luce did a wonderful job and it's a wonderful placed to eat for those special occasions. The interior is a little small, but that could mean the experience could feel a little more intimate.
5	My wife and I had a very nice dinner at Luce on a Wednesday night to celebrate our anniversary.   The food was excellent and the service was superb.  I ordered the Carbonara as an entree and she had a ravioli dish, and we had a very nice and light  salad, heirloom tomatoes with basil, EVOO, and cheese.  The tiramisu for dessert was also very good.  All in all, it was a nice experience and I would not hesitate to return to Luce for dinner.
4	I picked this restaurant for my birthday based on reviews and reputation.  I was not let down!  The ambiance was great (romantic but not stuffy) and the staff went above and beyond to make sure that our experience was special.  The food was great and very reasonably priced for the portion sizes.  The wine list was pricey, but it was fun getting to look through wines that we'd never heard of before.  I would certainly recommend this place for a special occasion celebration in Charlotte!
4	Wow. This place was outstanding. Alluring, romantic environment, great service and outstanding food. Went with a big group for a business dinner, but looking forward to coming back with my wife for a date night.
3	The atmosphere was nice, the service was attentive, and the food was okay.  I ordered a homemade pasta dish, and expected more, but the pasta tasted about the same as any store bought pasta I could buy at Wal-Mart.  I mean, it was good and I ate it, but for $20, I expected a little more.  I probably won't be back but only because we are rarely in Charlotte and like to try different stuff.
4	I found an opportune moment to try this place when Charlotte's Restaurant Week rolled around again last summer. I have, and always will be a fan of fine Italian cuisine, so one could argue that I was biased from the moment I stepped in here. Nevertheless, it would seem that this small restaurant tucked away by the Bank of America building, certainly lives up to expectations. The diner is spoiled for choice by the authentic menu items, though the choices are not overwhelming. Dishes are described in only three or four words which allude to traditional Italian ingredients and preparation. Then again "potato gnocchi, tomato porcini mushroom sauce and parmigiano" already sounds delicious.Though we waited awhile to be seated, we were handsomely rewarded with free champagne, which kicked things off nicely. The grilled octopus or "polipo" was outstanding. Lightly chewy and savory with a nice grilled flavor. The scallops must have been sourced from another planet because they were each the size of small dinner plates. Perfectly browned coat with soft white flesh in the center. Veal Milanese was also quite good, though possibly a little tough. Awesome arugula + parmesan + balsamic garnish. For dessert we had the Semi-Freddo with almond nougat caramel sauce. Great finish.I would definitely come back here again. My mind wasn't blown, but the food was pretty good and the restaurant's atmosphere felt a little more traditional than those of its contemporary Italian counterparts in the US. In uptown, this will be the closest you get to real gourmet Italian food that resembles anything like its motherland so let's make the most of it!!4/5
5	We visited Luce this past Saturday evening for dinner.  I thought that Luce had taken over the old Coco Osteria space along Tryon St so when we arrived and it said Malabar, we were confused.  I quickly pulled out my phone to check the address.  The addresses matched.  Knowing that there is a courtyard right there, we decided to explore a bit further back.  That's when we noticed Luce tucked way back in the left corner right next to the Hearst Tower.  It's certainly not the most visible location for a restaurant.  We booked a reservation on OpenTable.com and when we looked inside the windows and saw the crystal chandeliers and other decor, we had our doubts.  We thought maybe it was skewed to a much older crowd than us and we didn't want a "stuffy" experience, only a great meal.  After debating, we finally decided to go ahead with the reservation.  I'm so glad we did.  Our table wasn't quite ready yet when we checked in, but we were led to the bar area to sit and wait.  We were promptly greeted by the bartender at our high-top table and he offered us drinks.  I tried a red wine from Sicily I had never heard of before.  It was an excellent choice.  It wasn't too dry or bitter.  It was just right and I really enjoyed the BIG glassful that the bartender poured.  We sat and enjoyed our wines until our table was ready.  We were seated and promptly greeted by our server, Fabio.  Everyone with whom we came into contact was very friendly and seemed authentically Italian, as if English wasn't their first language at all.  All of the appetizer options sounded delicious, but we ventured with the imported italian FORMAGGI (cheeses) with marinated olives.  We ordered the larger version of the appetizer (they have small and large versions for about half of the items -- appetizers and entrees -- on their menu).  We received a cupful of green olives and four triangle slices each of five different cheeses, along with some crisp bread slices.  It was definitely more than enough for two to share.  The harder cheeses had more flavor than the softer ones.   We were also brought fresh slices of bread and a bowl of a whole cannellini beans mixed with olive oil and other flavorful ingredients complimentary for each table.  It was so simple, yet so delicious.  Next came the entrees.  I didn't want anything with red sauce, so I opted for something new:  AGNOLOTTI.  Agnolotti apparently is "ravioli."  In each ravioli was roasted veal and swiss chard, and then covered in a brown "butter, sage, and jus de veau sauce."   It was freakin' AMAZING.  And that wasn't just the effect of the delicious red wine.  My partner tried the Spaghetti Carbonara, which was very rich and creamy, covered in a white sauce.  Unfortunately, after all that bread, beans, cheese, and pasta, we did not have room for dessert.  The cannolis were very tempting, though.  For a final good, lasting impression, our server brought us complimentary shots of deliciously sweet limoncello.  Upon leaving, we were thanked and told goodbye by several of the waitstaff, as if we were family.  It was a fantastic, authentically Italian experience, and I look forward to returning soon!  p.s. When our reservation was confirmed on OpenTable, it said that if you park in the Hearst Tower parking garage, you get two free hours of parking with a validated ticket from Luce during lunchtime hours, or "free" with validated ticket on evenings and weekends.  We took this to mean that you could park for more than two hours for free, but when we got our validated ticket, it was marked as "two hours."  Unsure with the conflicting information, we left and found free parking elsewhere to walk around Uptown.  So...I really don't know what the correct parking situation is there.  But at least two hours is free!
5	Great place. Excellent experience. Had the scallops for my main dish. Amazing!  If I could give this place 10 stars, I would.
5	We had never been to Charlotte before so when planning our trip we used Yelp to help is locate good restaurants in the area. We made a reservation beforehand through Yelp so we really did not have any contact with the restaurant prior to our trip. However, when we got to the hotel, Luce was in one of the dinning books from the Charlotte area. We have to say they were short in describing this wonderful place. We had to call to change our reservation because we miscalculated a little our time and I was very impressed by their willingness to accommodate us. I even told my husband that they must not be that busy. Well I was wrong. They were busy but this did not stop them from delivering one the best dinning and customer service experiences we have seen in years. I called again to move my reservation one more time and was even more impressed when the person over the phone said to let them know when I would like to go and they would have a table for me. And they did. The place was full but we did not wait a minute. We were greeted right away and our waiter was with us in an instant. The place is gorgeous with a chandelier that I wanted to bring home. The food amazing and the service impeccable. The manager even walked us out and talked to us outside for a little. We definitely would like to see someplace like this in Miami. My husband ordered the osso buco and it was delicious. I ordered the eggplant pasta and my husband finished what I could not eat. They had a large selection of bod red and white wine. I can't remember if we ate dessert. But to me the best dessert was their magnificent hospitality and service. I want to go back!!!!
3	Let me start by saying the food was excellent.  If you are looking for some great food, you will not be disappointed.  We tried the Veal with spinach and the Salmon and both were impressive.  The atmosphere is somewhat lacking, very cramped, small venue, that takes away somewhat from the experience. While I certainly enjoyed my evening and feel others would as well, I feel Charlotte has better options when it comes to a romantic dining experience.  I would consider Luce to be more of venue that fits the corporate setting.
5	After reading all the positive reviews, I decided this sounded like the perfect place to celebrate our anniversary.  The wait staff was amazing, especially the Maitre'd, Manuel who took very good care of us.  My husband ordered the oven roasted Brazino (Mediterranean Sea Bass) and I had the Agnolotti (home made ravioli filled with roasted veal and swiss chard).  Both meals were superb!  We almost felt like we were the only ones in the restaurant  with all the undivided attention paid to our table.  We would definitely go back next time we are looking for an awesome downtown restaurant. Thanks Luce for a wonderful anniversary dinner!
5	Luce is a beautiful restaurant with amazing food and service. It was the perfect choice for our anniversary. The salad with goat cheese and poletna appetizers were amazing! The rigatoni buttera was scrumptious and the tiramisu, my favorite dessert, was the perfect ending to a perfect meal.
4	The atmosphere was great as was the service. I had the Lamb Chops which were very good, but not excellent. For $35 I expected a fresher and better tasting chop. I would have it again, but would not make an effort to have it here.
4	The food here is reason solid. I'm a pretty young guy, but personally, I really enjoyed the atmosphere. Not to mention, this is a great date spot. It's really close to pretty much everything of interest in the Uptown area.
5	Good food? Check. Good service? Check.Good atmosphere? Check. I loved Luce! I stopped by for dinner last night and was thoroughly impressed with everything. I was greeted immediately upon entering the restaurant and was seated right away. I dined alone but certainly did not feel that I was alone. The staff came by to check on me every once in a while to make sure that I was happy and enjoying my meal. They did not ignore me or give less than ideal service because I was by myself either. My server, was knowledgeable about the menu and gave great suggestions and told me about the specials.  It was really hard to make a decision because everything on the menu sounded so delicious that I wanted a little of everything. I opted for only the spinach pappadelle pasta with oxtail ragu. I was not disappointed one bit. This was the first time I had pappadelle pasta and enjoyed it immensely. The restaurant makes their pasta in house and you can definitely tell. It was cooked perfectly and the oxtail ragu was nice and tender and they do not skimp on the dish. I ordered the smaller plate because I wanted to save room for dessert. I'm glad I did because I was getting quite full by the time I got to my third to last bite of the main entree. For dessert I chose the creme brulee infused with rosemary. The combination sounded really odd but I decided to go for it. I love trying new things. The manager stated that if I did not enjoy it that they would switch it out for me. I had no regrets whatsoever.  I loved how the creme was soft and smooth and there was a touch of rosemary lightly caressing your tongue. My server said that they only put the rosemary in for a few seconds to infuse the creme and take it out. (I'm going to steal this idea the next time I make creme brulee.) The creme was not to sweet because it was balanced with the crunchy torched sugar on top. The strawberries, raspberry and blueberry topped off a perfect dessert. I ordered coffee to go with my dessert to cleanse my palate. This is a home run for Luce in my book. I plan to visit every time I am  here in Charlotte for a business trip.
5	My husband and I went here to celebrate our wedding anniversary. Loved the place the moment we stepped in. Great ambiance. Our night started off with a Riesling wine. While waiting for the order, we were provided with fresh bread with white bean olive oil dip. It tasted too good that we finished off the bread.Ordered Bruschetta for appetizer, Chicken Marsala and Gnocchi. Great meal. Our waiters were great. Were gentle and had fresh Italian accent that added to the romantic part of the dinner! When we were prepared to order dessert, they surprised us by bringing a chocolate cake with candle on top.. That was amazing!!!
4	This was the only spot I had an opportunity to try during this years Queens Feast here in Charlotte.  Thankfully it was fantastic.  I started out with the beef carpaccio appetizer and from there did the petite filet topped with a portabella mushroom.  The filet was so well cooked it seriously ranks in the top 5 that I've ever had.  Finished it all off with tiramisu that was fantastic as well.The service was great, all be it a little hard to understand through the thick italian accents but very nice and polite all the same.The decor is cozy and I would suggest eating at the bar as it's really nice in there and small enough to remain and feel intimate.  Parking is vailidated through the restuarant if you park at Hearst Tower.
5	My wife and I ate here on a Saturday evening. The service was excellent, very helpful and attentive even though he had quite a few tables. My wife had the Spinach Tagliatelle which she loved, the pasta was extremely fresh. I had the Rigatoni Buttera because I love sausage, the portion sizes were on the larger size. I will definitely be returning.
5	One of the first places I ate in Charlotte and it was certainly memorable. The white table cloths, the relaxing atmosphere, the chance to take a minute and enjoy the rest of your night after a very long day.And the mussels. Lord Have Mercy, the mussels. Luce is worth going for the appetizers and desserts and enjoying a wonderful night.
4	I went here last night for the first time to celebrate two friend's birthdays.  One of the birthday girl had told me it was one of, if not her favorite restaurants in Charlotte.  We went with a large group and started by having a drink at the bar.We eventually made our way over to the large table that they had reserved for us.  Given the large size of the party, the staff was definitely very accommodating.  I'm pretty sure my friend who recommended the restaurant, has tried at least 50% of the menu over her visits there.  I chose the Scallops - "Pan seared sea scallops, olive oil smashed potatoes, black truffle, prosciutto chips."  The scallops were some of the largest and best scallops I've ever had.  Everything about the dish was perfect.  The prosciutto chips literally melted in your mouth and I even shared one with the birthday girl.My friend sitting on my other side, opted for a vegetarian dish, the Peperone - "stuffed pepper, quinoa, vegetable risotto, roasted tomato coulis".  It was delicious.  Everyone in the group left their plates looking like they had licked them clean.  My boyfriend had the lasagna, and when I asked him if he liked it (as I stared at the empty plate), he said "Yeah, but it's not as good as yours." Someone was just being nice because I am not that good of a cook, trust me.  I would definitely return to Luce and as much as I loved the scallops, I know I would need to try out one of their other menu items.
5	I went here for dinner and had a seafood pasta which was amazing! a lobster, clams, mussels, squid, and the most deliiicious scallop, wow. it was super good. the service was nice, too, they were helpful and polite and they always made sure my table had water which was nice. nothing worse than waiters forgetting about giving you refills on drinks. I also had the bruschetta which was so good, and the octopus 'salad' with artichoke and roasted red pepper which was probably as good as one can get octopus.
3	Just Ok!  Not sure if all the glowing reviews set my expectations too high, but I did not leave overly impressed!  The atmosphere was nice but the food was just good not great!  I expected better for an upper tier italian restaurant.
5	Best dinner in a restaurant in the 6 years we've been in Charlotte. Service was impeccable, appetizers were delicious and everyone enjoyed their entree. The Bronzino was a bit bland, but there no other complaint. My wife has allergies, but the servers knew what she could or could not have. Wine list was well paired to food. Our party of four had different desserts, and we shared tastes. All we excellent. # 3 restaurant according to charlotte Magazine. That seems a minimum!
5	Ate there for the first time this evening. Everything from the service to the food was excellent. Will definitely be going back!
5	My husband and I caught a movie at the epicentre and then walked down to Luce for dinner. (Note- I don't ever suggest anyone eating at Studio Movie Grill, only because the service is so bad. We just go to the bar to get our drinks, it's so much faster than ordering them from the servers).  We had never been to Luce but had heard good things- and it lived up to our expectations!  This is hands down the best Italian restaurant we've been to in Charlotte.  We started with the Prosciutto e Mozzarella, which also had a little arugula salad with it.  The mozzarella literally melted in your mouth!  We split a bottle of Pinot Noir- I can't remember which one but our server recommended it.  For dinner my husband had the Buttera and I had the Mare.  Both were excellent, and we had enough leftover to take home for lunch the next day.  I would highly recommend Luce!
5	I am super picky about my food and especially since I returned from Italy. This place is legit. Best Italian (fine dining) in Charlotte. I loved the primis, mains and of course, dessert. I loved that the people who waited on us were from Italy too. Loved my whole experience!
5	We had a wonderful, authentic Italian meal on New Year,s Eve. The service was friendly, I rushed. Can't wait to return!
5	Authentic upscale Italian cuisine, in classic upscale Mediterranean ambiance.
5	My husband and I ate here before seeing 'Book of Mormon'.  Everything was great - food, service, etc.  We don't eat out often at nice places anymore, so it was a relief to have a good experience that was worth the money.We tried the lobster bisque,homemade ravioli (I ordered the plain cheese, old-school version because I knew it would be good), osso buco (my husband always orders this if it's on a menu), and Chilean seabass (this used to be my go-to dish but since it's now overfished and politically incorrect I try to abstain).  Accompanying risotto was good.  My only complaint was that there were no veggies on the plates (although you could order spinach as a separate side).  Maybe restaurants have moved away from this because people don't eat them and they go to waste.I highly recommend Luce for an excellent pre-show dinner.
4	A great twist on classic Italian.  This restaurant is always a good choice.  They are regularly changing up their menu and offering different dishes that combine classic Italian cuisine with a unique take.  The osabosuca is always a good choice along with their risotto.  Portions are plentiful and the staff is more than welcoming.  A great spot for a quick lunch or a long dinner.  Prices are moderate, but you'll get your money's worth!
4	Came here for a business dinner before the New England Patriots vs. Panthers game.  Had a loverly meal, nothing memorable, good, not great, but good date spot and conveniently located in uptown close to everything.
3	This review is for a dinner during Queen's Feast (Charlotte's Restaurant Week).Luce's location is excellent: in the heart of uptown in the Hearst Tower complex. Parking is quite easy if you park in the Hearst Tower parking garage (Luce validates). Luce is a very nice looking restaurant. It is on the small side as far as the number of tables, but the space has high ceilings and they've decorated it so that it feels quite spacious. We were seated right away based on our reservation--no waiting.One interesting thing is about Luce is that you can order wine by the glass or by the glass-and-a-half (which our entire table went for).I ordered the butternut squash soup appetizer, the linguine del mar for the entree, and the tiramasu for dessert. I thought it was all rather average given Luce's reputation and the way they present themselves. The butternut squash soup came out piping hot, which was nice, but it tasted basically like the butternut squash soup you can get in a box from the grocery store. The linguine was better, but again, it was really average given the expectations I had for Luce. The tiramisu was really good.We were sort of rushed out of the place after our meal, but it was done politely and I suppose they may have been very busy due to Queen's Feast.I've heard there are several options for good Italian food in CLT, and I'd be surprised if Luce is among the best of them.
4	If you are looking for a somewhat refined business lunch, Luce is the place. It's off the street and in the Hearst building- so walk into the courtyard and you'll find Luce to the left. We went a couple of weeks ago to talk about our trip to New Orleans during lunch- and surprise! Our waitress was from New Orleans. She was super sweet and helpful when filling us in on the top spots we had to see, and thanks to her we learned that the Endymion parade was THE THING to attend during Mardi Gras.Back to the food. I had the risotto special which was extremely rich and full of seafood- scallops, shrimp, calamari... delish. It was definitely a little much for lunch, so I wasn't able to finish it. Nevertheless, I loved it. As I gazed around the restaurant I spotted nothing but men in suits- which I suppose is to be expected at an Uptown lunch spot. This brings me back to my original point- Luce is a good place for a refined business lunch. Great service and classic atmosphere.
2	I eat there last week on a recommendation from a fellow employee.   I was by myself so I decided to eat at the bar.   The ambiance is very nice, the lighting is pleasant and the noise level is reasonable for carrying on a conversation.   Good section of wine.  I was pleased with the calamari appetizer.   The special fish course for the evening was sea bass over roasted sliced potatoes.    What I got was well presented but not sea bass.  It was gray, mealy, oily and tasteless.  Sea carp?  To add to the experience the potatoes were under done.  Very disappointing.   I'm curious about the Italian dishes but not interested enough to go back and try Luce again.
2	I loved the ambiance. Well decorated and fancy white table cloth. I ordered the veal, but wasn't that impressed with the lunch prices. I would try other options next time for sure.
5	I can't think of anything due to my food coma but it was all five stars!  The blackberry sorbet was a perfect finish.
5	Service was impeccable, food was better. Let the staff dictate your food and drink and you won't be disappointed!
4	Very good. I had dinner here with some work folks, and enjoyed it! The decor is nice - not too fancy, but elegant for Charlotte. Good for date night. The food was great - upscale Italian. We started with their cheese plate - great selections with delicious crusty bread. For dinner, I had the scallops - they were cooked perfectly and was a nice portion size. My dining companion had the pesto gnocchi - delicious! Service was very attentive and friendly. Definitely a good dining choice for Charlotte.
5	Homemade pasta, homemade pasta, HOMEMADE PASTA! So rare to find at a restaurant yet so essential to having authentic Italian food. We split a bottle of montepulciano and I had the tagliolini and the flash fried calamari. It was divine perfection. Shrimp, artichoke, garlic, olive oil, white wine sauce... rich but not overwhelming. I will definitely be back.
5	Beautiful decor, friendly service, and delicious food. The portions are not large, but the flavors are to die for! The owner even came and introduced himself the first time we were there. We have been multiple times now, and never a bad experience.
5	You MUST try the rabbit pasta...So. Damn. Good.Also, the mozzarella cheese that comes with the caprese (I'm not sure if it's in any other dish) Is some of the best I've ever had.
5	This restaurant really does deserve the awards that adorn their walls!! My partner & I had a truly "spiritual" food experience here. The menu is full of mouth-watering authentic Italian dishes....that please the palate & leaves you wanting MORE.We will visit Charlotte NC again & again just to eat at this restaurant...
4	Luce it turns out, is owned by the same group as Trattoria Antica. I liked my agnolotti but I didn't love it, a little on the bland side.  My mom however  loved her meal at Luce. She had the tagliolini with shrimp and raved about it for a week.We both really enjoyed the fresh bread with white beans and olive oil, but none of us cared much for the crisp breadsticks. The service was quicker than I anticipated for a nicer restaurant but she was professional and friendly.The atmosphere was nice,  almost hotel-like. I look forward to returning.
5	Wonderful authentic Italian and great overall dining experience. Courses arrive in precise timing, great wine selection, very attentive and high class service, classy and intimate decor. Cannellini beans tossed with tomato, basil, red onion, tomato, and olive oil are a delicious light start to your meal. The calamari is very fresh and the lightly battered zucchini mandolin sticks that go with it are a great complement, and the two sauces are excellent. My wife had the sea bass on special and it was fresh and cooked perfectly. I had meat sauce based pasta and it was great. The pasta was cooked perfectly, a sign of a stellar chef. All in all, everything was exceptional.Easily, this is some of the best food in Charlotte.
2	The best thing about this restaurant is the atmosphere. My husband and I went here during restaurant week & left feeling disappointed. Our waiter was not very attentive. The bread they bring out is good but the bean topping to go with it was overpowered with onions. We both got the seafood salad as an appetizer and it was just ok. Nothing spectacular. We both also had the lamb as an entree. It was cooked perfectly to medium & was very tender but it lacked seasoning. It would have been wonderful with some seasoning. For dessert I had the panna cotta. It was not impressive. The presentation was nice but it had no flavor. My husband had the chocolate cake which tasted like a frozen cake you get from the supermarket. The manager insisted it is made fresh in house but I'm not sure if I believe that. Overall we were very disappointed, especially with the good reviews we had read. We will not go back.
5	By far the best service I have ever had in a restaurant. The staff was attentive, polite, and very professional. The food was amazing! The desserts were so rich and delicious. I highly recommend you check this place out it's wonderful.
5	This is the best Italian restaurant I have been in the entire USA. The owner, manager, staff are all Italians, so the dishes and the service makes you feel you are in Italy. It is a trip to Italy without leaving Charlotte! The big proof of authenticity is that is the lasagna: it has no ricotta cheese, the food is not overloaded with garlic. That's real Italian, not fake Italian places that you find everywhere. The espresso coffee is as good as you would get in Italy.
5	If authentic Italian is what you're looking for in Charlotte, Luce is the place to go! The decor is a bit cold, but it's warmed up with Murano style light fixtures that are beautiful. The service is superb - everyone from the hostess to the server to the manager want to make sure you have a great experience. The food was excellent and quite authentic. The octopus appetizer is very tasty as well as the carpaccio. I had the tagliolini and it was served HOT and had an abundance of succulent shrimp. I wanted to try their delicious sounding desserts, but was way too full. I'm excited to go back and try some other dishes.
5	My wife and I went last night for a "date night" and were very pleased. Very romantic, quiet, well-decorated. The bar was comfortable and they had a great selection and service (friendly but not too chatty). The staff was overall what really made this experience so good. Every person was friendly, knowledgable, and fun. The dinner was very good although we didn't care too much for the flash-fried calamari. We would absolutely recommend this wonderful restaurant and will be coming back.
2	Sauce by Chef Boyardee. And that is NOT a compliment. The evening started okay. We did not have reservations, but we were early enough and they found a spot for us. The service was impeccable which is why this restaurant has been given 2 stars instead of none. We started with champagne. We did not want a full bottle as we were headed to the theater.   The house brand was on the sweet side but okay. Then they brought out the stale bread with the good white beans and olive mixture. The bean stuff was okay but it didn't make up for the lackluster dry bread. I expect so much more from a good Italian. Then we ordered the cheese plate and a sausage plate.   We only raved about one cheese. All of the hard salami choices were good, but it is hard to mess-up that. Then came the worst main courses ever!  We ordered the pasta because we had heard such great reviews. I had the gnocchi and my friend had the ravioli. The pasta itself was good, but the sauce ruined everything. We can only describe the sauce as a thin tasteless substance with a hint of the flavor that comes out of a can of Chef Boyardee. I only ate bit of this gruel. We called for the check.  The staff did offer to bring us something else, but we were done. We paid the bill in full and left. We were so disappointed.
5	Exquisite service and phenomenal food describe this hidden gem!  Walking down the street, you might not even see this "hideaway" restaurant but I assure you, they are not hiding flavors. Everything from the beef carpaccio to the agnolotti was perfect, and I truly mean perfect. The Agnolotti were like little pillows of pasta stuffed filled with veal, Swiss chard, butter, sage and a jus. I don't think I have had anything better!  I highly recommend this place.
5	We had dined here once before last winter with another couple and really enjoyed the atmosphere and the food. My fiance and I decided to eat here again while visiting the city over the holidays and were very glad that we did! First of all, yes, it is in a tourist-heavy spot, but it doesn't seem to be overrun by tourists, and I know locals that absolutely love it. We ordered some Luce Restaurant & Bar to start and my fiance had a seafood dish while I opted for a classic - lasagna. Both were absolutely delicious and had so much flavor! For desert we had the chocolate mousse (I'd been craving it since our last visit, and it was to die for. I would highly recommend this Luce Restaurant & Bar for a tasty.
4	This place gets 4 stars from me. 1. The calamari was extremely salty and chewy. No one at our table liked this. They comped it off the bill. 2. Octopus: DELICIOUS! I had the ravioli, it was delectable. The ravioli a were soft and silky and melted in my mouth. There was a great blend of cheese in there too. I wish they had a little bit more sauce on them though. It was a small serving but worth every penny. Will definitely be back! Some of the best service in Charlotte!
5	We had a great meal! Service was outstanding also. We had the calamari appetizer and linguine with clams and osso bucco for an entree. The atmosphere is a bit quiet though.
5	They are as up scale as it gets here in Charlotte NC. The service was excellent, the food superrior and the decor very nice what I saw of it...it was date night. Overall a lovely evening!
