4	Nicer than Outback-type restaurants, but not so expensive that it has to be saved for special occasions.  We had the spinach and artichoke appetizer, and it was wonderful!  The dip is spicy, which makes it a lot better than other spinach dips I've had.The steaks are very good, and worth the price.I was very impressed that they brought around a dessert tray with all of their desserts - and I mean the real desserts, not just fakes.  Well worth the money; great service!
4	Now I have seriously high standards for a steakhouse, especially after eating at Prime in Providence, RI where the steaks MELT in your mouth. I don't expect many places to come close to as good as that. And I have to be completely honest with you, when we walked in and I saw the decor - branding irons, paintings of cattle heards, cowboy boots.. I was a little worried that perhaps we were getting ourselves into something we didn't want. We ended up staying despite the decorations and the loud noise. We got there about 7:30 and waited about half an hour, which is to be expected on a Saturday night. Our waiter, a very very handsome fella sat us and took our drink order. I ordered the Sangria Margarita, which I won't do again as it was basically red wine and crushed ice. We decided to skip the appetizer and just eat some bread while waiting. The rolls are ok, albeit it was lukewarm and not particularly soft, it wasn't terrible.I ordered the Cowgirl's Ribeye with Garlic Butter and Shoestring Onions, a Loaded Baked Potato and a Caesar salad. It smelled fantastic.The waitress that had brought our food asked us to cut into the steaks to check the doneness. We didn't have to as both steaks, ordered medium rare, were practically bleeding onto the plate. They were perfect. Keeping in mind that the steak wasn't going to be as good as Prime's I took a bite. I was shocked. It was delicious. Of course, I was right, it wasn't quite as good as P's but holy crap this was a good steak. It was the right temperature, perfect texture, the garlic butter and onions made it even better. My husband was green with envy. His filet was good, but not as good as my ribeye. I enjoyed the fact that the food is great, dress is casual and the price is right - a little under $50 for the two of us which was well worth it. The service was great, the dessert menu (which we unfortunately had no room for) sounded fantastic and the temperature of the restaurant itself was pleasant (which if you've read my other reviews you'd know is a big deal to me).   I definately recommend Texas Land & Cattle. (Or as my husband kept calling it, accidently, Lexus Tanned & Cattle.)
2	Went here for dinner during race weeks and I really wasn't impressed. I got a steak and my co-horts had chicken. Everyone's food was ok, but no one was really wowed and it was pretty pricey. Next time we'll try Tx Roadhouse across the street and hope thats better.
2	It started out with some good sweet tea and a nice salad. They used a chilled bowl which is one of the things I desire in a salad. But then it went downhill...The waitress forgot to bring bread... no big deal, she brought it after we asked for it. It came at the same time as our meal. I ordered the steak and shrimp. Upon first inspection I noticed the steak had a light brown color. I ordered medium rare and they got it right... but I like a little bit of char on the outside of my steak. It's like their grill wasn't hot enough. They had a very peppery seasoning on the steak which got old after a few bites and I had to resort to Heinz 57... something you shouldn't need to do when paying $17 for a steak. And it was the same deal with the shrimp which seemed like they could use more time on the grill. Overall the meal was probably 2.5 stars... I'd round up if it cost less. But for $25 I don't feel like I got my money's worth so I am rounding down.
3	The steaks are absolutely fantastic!!  The decor is a western rancher type of theme and it's very dimly lit.We stopped here around 7pm on a Saturday night.  It didn't take particulary long to get seated, maybe 20 minutes.  The place was busy but it didn't seem to be overwhelmingly busy.  Service though,  was slow.  It seemed to take awhile for a server to come take our order for drinks and then come back for our appetizer/dinner orders. We had about a 2 1/2 hour drive ahead of us and I thought we'd be in and out in about an hour's time.  It ended up being 9pm before we were able to get our check paid and get ourselves out the door.  I ordered steak and potato with a side salad.  The salad was crisp and the blue cheese dressing was very good.  The steak was excellent.  The baked potato was "eh" like it had been in a steam table for several hours but that was okay.The worst part of the visit was partly our own fault, my daughter left her jacket at the table in our hurry to get out the door after we realized how long it had taken to get in, get served, eat and get back on the road.  We didn't realize it until we stopped for fuel about an hour and a half later.  I came back a week later to see if they had the jacket in the lost and found, but nobody knew anything about my little girl's brand new purple jacket.  Nobody claimed to have ever seen it.4 1/2 stars for the food, 2 stars for the service, 0 stars for the lost and found department
5	Great food. Great service.****Just try not to come here during nascar events ***I'm pretty sure that's self-explanatory.
2	I try to find the positive in any restaurant, so I'll start with what I did like:The restaurant is beautiful and the staff is very friendly.Now, what I didn't like:The wedge salad was topped with stale croutons, chewy bacon, and mealy tomatoes.When the salad was served, I was not offered fresh black pepper even though the pepper mill was 2 feet away from the bartender.The pork chops were thin, extremely salty, dry, and full of bone chips.The creamed spinach was watery, had big lumps of cream cheese, and was overpowered by nutmeg.I was never asked if the meal was satisfactory, if I needed anything, or if I wanted dessert.When I pushed away my entree that was only 1/3 eaten, the bartender presented the check and never thanked me for my business.The manager stood on the bar next to my plate so that he could get his football game on the television above my head.Overall opinion:  This is redneck fine dining.
3	It isn't often that I actually get to one of these steakhouse type places.  In fact, I try and avoid them.  I will say that if I have to choose on looks alone, Texas Land and Cattle would likely win.  They are pretty nice looking places.  No peanuts on the floor here.  Or at least not if you're the first in the door - maybe later in the night the nuts pile up, but I'm thinking not.  This is definitely a higher-class place than your Lone Star or Longhorn, at least on looks.Unfortunately they seem to have spent so much time getting ready for the dance that they forgot to learn how.  It's not that they are bad or anything, it's just that they aren't that good.  Now as I mentioned, I don't normally go for this sort of place, but when my parents come to town, they like a steak, and there aren't that many options, and they aren't as adventurous as I am, so when they see the shiny new place just off the highway, guess where they will pick?  For that, it's not a bad choice.  But if you want somewhere else, you are probably better served if you keep digging a bit.
2	It's been a long time since my last visit to a Texas Land & Cattle...and it will be a very, very long time before I return again. Knowing that a large group of us were going to meet here, I felt like a proud Texan to go somewhere with Texas in the name (I lived there for 7 years, how could I not get out without some pride?). However, this place would make Texas ashamed. The space was great and they had a room reserved for our group. It provided a great intimate setting for us! The service was good.The food was its downfall. The appetizers were average and seemed factory processed (you know, open the box type). The steak was dry, hard to chew, and salty...blah. For the price per entree, they should step up the quality. Good night out with the group, great location...not a fan of the food.
2	I would have given them 2 stars but no half-sies on Yelp. VERY average food. Very pleasant restaurant. We were a table of 11 with five elementary school ages kids and Sarah the waitress was great. No question, the service rocked. The food, not so much.
4	After reading the reviews, I am wondering if I am at the same Texas Land & Cattle restaurant.For starters, the place was empty, so it could be possible that this is the same place, but after we were promptly greeted, seated and introduced by our server Kristen, I am sure that the reviews have been outdated and are not relevant to its current rating based on my experience.Our server, Kristen, was by far the best waitress / server that we have had in a very long time.  She was very prompt in greeting us, and took our drink order.  Of course,  we stick with the sweet tea and water, as tea is very important to my wife, and since I am a little chintzy, I always request water.....this is a 10 year habit that is very hard to break.  I was pleasantly surprised to see that they have carafes of tea and water that is left on the table. Some may see this as a form of being lazy, but I see this as the single best simple idea to provide the absolute best in customer service.  After all, what is your biggest complaint usually......exactly, not having your drinks refilled,  thus, they have solved this problem.Our tea was fresh, and since it was so fresh, Kristen actually brought an additional ice cup, to help enjoy the drink as it was still warm.  There is something to be said about fresh tea in the south. This was excellent sweet tea.The bread was very soft and warm, and unlike the other chains whose crust is almost too hard, this was just a perfect way to start our meal.Now, when we placed our order, Kristen listened and repeated the order afterwards, and unlike other places she did not write anything down.  She listened to the order, repeated the order, and then we acknowledged that she had the order correct, no mistakes!My salad came out in a very nice chilled salad plate, just the way I like it, no tomatoes, no eggs, no onions. Add extra cheese, no dressing.  The croutons were plentiful, the cheese was perfect, and the lettuce was fresh, no dark spots, no hard core center or white pieces.  This was one of the best house salads I have had in a while.Now for the meals.My wife had the Signature Sirloin Dip Sandwich, which comes with shoestring fries, a pickle and the au jus dip. She requested an extra pickle, and it arrived as ordered.  I had the *NEW* Mesquite Grilled Quail, which comes with the house salad and garlic mashed potatoes, and this was much better than expected.  It is not that often that you can have such a meal at a nice location, especially a chain restaurant of this type.As usual, I have added photos of our meals, as this is only fair to show the quality of the items we received regardless of the taste, but this will help solidify my reviews.The location was not busy, but people were constantly being seated and the tables were being turned very quickly.  We were not rushed, we were tended to, and the food came out in a timely manner.The food was fantastic, the quail had a hint of mesquite smoked flavor, the mashed potatoes were awesome, hot, garlicky, and fresh.  The Sirloin Dip was excellent, the bread was toasted, the fries were shoestrings which we do not have often and the au jus was great for the dipping.We did not have room for desert, but let me say this in my yelping voice......C'Mon people give these guys a chance....This was one of my better dining experiences, and that says a lot!I am stingy with my stars, but this is a solid 4, give it a half, but I have rounded down, due to my education in the CMS system.Thanks Kristen, for reviving my hope in the service industry.NCFoodGuy
3	Have eaten lunch here several times and always good food and solid service. Last time we went there the service was terrible. Maybe a new waitress or something but she was way off her game. Our food came out near the end of our lunch break and our drinks were not refilled. I also asked for ketchup and mustard with my burger which I didn't receive until I was almost finished eating. Then instead of separate checks like we asked for we got a single check and had to wait another ten minutes to get separates.The waitress did apologize for the bad service at the end of the meal which was nice but awkward.Once we got back to work the Manager called to apologize since I guess it was obvious that we weren't happy with the service but he was very apologetic and more than made up for the one bad experience we had there. I appreciated his attempt at having good customer relations and will definitely return since they obviously do care about having happy customers.
4	This is a decent place to grab a bite to eat. On two occasions the steak was purple in the middle not only did the manager come and comp my meal but replaced it with a free steak which was filet for free and gave me free drinks. I understand when your busy that you try to fly out food as fast as possible and the only problem with that is make sure that the meat is cooked. The manager made up for everything though and the food if prepared correctly is great
5	The service here is fantastic!! I mean best service I received in Charlotte thus far. That's says a lot considering southern hospitality is at it's best here in CLT. The hubby and I decided to go for the 2 for tweenty something deal. I choose the wrong steak. I failed to notice that it was a chopped steak and not a regular steak. Totally my fault. The waiter noticed I wasn't really eating my food. He asked if everything was alright. I told him everything was fine since it was my fault that I ordered the wrong entree. He came back again in a few minutes and gave me a menu. He said he knew I didn't like my steak so I could go ahead an order something else on him. He even brought the manager over to apologize for the chopped steak. I couldn't believe how well they treated me and how attentive they were. I eneded up ordering their special smoked steak. All I can say is that I was blown away by their great service. The food is good but the service is what will keep me coming back! Thank you Texas Land & Cattle!! p.s. the smoked steak was so good! Specilally with a loaded baked potatoe! YUM!!!
4	Great service, great ribs, great experience! My first visit to Texas Land and Cattle and we waited about 30 minutes on a Saturday night with a party of 8.  Waitress was friendly and attentive and our glasses never got even half empty!We shared appetizers of spinach and artichoke dip and jalapeno bites. Both were okay, but nothing spectacular.I had the half rack of ribs and they were fall off the bone tender and perfectly seasoned!Will definitely visit again!
5	Smoked Sirloin! Hands down the best smoked meat I have ever eaten.  The portions were huge and the price very good.  Service was quick and friendly.  If you can get by here make sure you stop.  It will be well worth the trip!
2	We had a large group, so it's somewhat understandable that the service left a lot to be desired, but we were stuck with two brand new guys who were slow and inattentive. As for the food, it was pretty underwhelming. I ordered a Sirloin medium rare that came out cold, the baked potato was cold, and the salad didn't have much to it other than lettuce. Charlotte has tons of places for steak, so skip this one if you can.
2	Traveling through Concord late last Wednesday evening I really needed a good hearty meal. To say the least I was extremely disappointed with Texas Land and Cattle. The Ribs were just ok, and the price was way too high. Even though I have my expenses paid, and this meal was free to me, over $28 with no achohoI consumed for one person too much. The service was adequate with most servers appearing to be college age or slightly older. Tough way to work through college so I can't give them too hard a time. The waiter was kind enough to get me a sample of the steak he recommended and it's a good thing he did because the meat was way overseasoned and left a bad peppery taste in your mouth.I don't want to be the male version of Debbie Downer, but this place is just not worth the money.
4	Smoked prime rib and lobster...Nothing more to say than WOOO DOGGIEIf you have not been here, I seriously suggest giving it a try. The service is what took it down from 5 for me. They seemed to be a little overwhelmed the three times I have been. BBUUTTTT, I will not let that deter me from going back. That lobster was absolutely cooked to perfection and the prime rib was melt in your mouth good.
5	I am from MA. In July 2010 while in San Antonio I stumbled onto a Texas Land & Cattle and was pleasantly surprised. My steak was cooked to perfection.A couple of months ago I was in Charlotte for a conference. I took a trip to see the race track, and to my surprise just happened upon the NC restaurant. I just had to go, and part of that reason was to see if my memory of San Antonio was correct. Well, it was, Again my steak was cooked to perfection and tasted awesome. Friendly atmosphere, great service, reasonably priced. Works for me!!
4	Hamburger Steak or Chopped Steak to the more classy, was cooked to perfection.  Waiter was perfect and helpful with menu.  Great  service, good food, great table for an all in all 4 star rating.  Good place to go before the race!
3	Hubby and I were curious and in the mood for a good steak on Mothers Day weekend so we hit up this joint.  For us,it was just okay.  Hubby got a trio of shrimp, BBQ chicken and steak. Surprisingly, he only enjoyed the chicken.  I got the chicken fries steak with garlic mashed potatoes that should've been called mashed garlic with potato seasoning.  All the food was heavy on the seasoning, which I found strange.  The server was friendly and attentive and we were seated right away (5p), but overall I'd prefer Bob Evans chicken fried steak to TL&C.
4	Liked the steak and loved the service...Knowing nothing about the area (driving by on the way to Atl) and haven't had steak for more than a month, we followed the suggestions of our hotel, due to our stay at, we also received a free appetizer there. We really did not need the appetizer as all steaks seemed to be a lot of food, but we got it anyway and instead we shared a 20 ounce porterhouse and two sides: broccoli and a Cesar salad. Well, all that was a ton of food and in terms of price great: for that plus two drinks we paid $40 (it would've been $49 if it weren't for the free app)...I don't think that is bad considering the huge quantity...But the quality was also very good, especially that of the steak which was perfectly grilled and seasoned,,,The broccoli was...broccoli (can any body screw this up?) and the salad was average and forgettable. I personally did not go gaga over the appetizer, shrimp and avocado cocktail...it was pretty much a martini glass filled with spice salsa with several large chinks of avocado and some shrimp served with tortilla chips... Others might like this version of a shrimp cocktail but I didn't like diving into the salsa in order to find the shrimp, especially since the salsa was spicy for my taste (but again, others might like spicy). Our server was fantastic: very attentive, friendly, and smiley!I'd definitely go again!(BTW it was a Sat night and a 25' wait, so we sat in the bar area -immediately...In addition to the bar stools there are also a few booths in that area, so check it out if you don't want to wait and you are a small group)
4	What can I say, I'm a sucker for a good steack joint!  Usually if the service is just so-so, then no matter how good the food is I just don't like the joint.  This time, however the steak was the star attraction and more than made up for the mediocre service!  Don't get me wrong, the staff were quite friendly, just not very attentive & we had to repeat requests; our waiter didn't even mention any specials or make suggestions.  If you want a fantabulous steak then head here....very much worth it!!
2	Yay: The wedge with blue cheese is a-maze. Insanely yummy. Servers are friendly.Dealbreaker: steak is perfect one night, impossibly crappy the next. Service is a crap shoot (although still friendly, yay?).Last night I ordered a medium-rare 14-oz ribeye. I got a beautifully marbled and perfectly cooked hunk of USDA Choice AWESOME. So tender, so flavorful. The meal made my night.Tonight (I see you, judgy face!) I ordered a medium-rare 14-oz ribeye. I received a medium steak that was tender and well-seasoned. An awesome meal if you like medium steak. But I don't eat medium, so I asked for a new steak, rare. Maybe the grill dude/ette didn't like that, because I ended up with a flavorless and largely unchewable slab of just-seared...I don't even know what it was. "Choice ribeye, they allege?" LOL probs not. What is all that unchewable crap in the meat? EW gross. Where is the fat????? Just a real, real bad piece of meat. Let's just say I once had a Ruby Tuesday's steak that was leagues tenderer, better marbled, and more flavorful than this one. As in I could actually chew and taste it.Whatever, anyway. So disappointed, so hungry. (Because I am not going to risk the possible consequences of sending back a steak twice.) Hello, who let this person touch the grill? And where the hell are you sourcing your meat, people? Ugh, off to Five Guys for some due consolation. At least they give you what they say they'll give you. I'd prefer $6 of reliable satisfaction over $22 of fail any day.P.S. In case it isn't already clear, I am never, ever coming back.
3	We enjoyed a nice meal in pleasant surrounding. Service was excellent very attentive, knowledgeable and all done with a smile. Steak soup was ok not great and Caesar salad was also soso. When mains arrived another story steaks were very good. Cooked as we wanted and tasty we had 2 different cuts and equally good. The quail got good reviews as well. French fries nice but the steamed broccoli was soggy and without the garlic on it would ave been awfull.
2	Great wedge salad... lousy steaks!
3	A step up from your traditional chain steakhouse. Quality of the meat was exceptional, though service was lacking.Stopped in as we were touring the Charlotte and Concord areas. Tried the shrimp and avocado appetizer and it was absolutely amazing. Highly recommend. Was loaded with shrimp and and has a nice bite to it. Our party ordered the ribeye, filet, and the new hickory smoked sirloin. Very impressed all the way around. Steaks were cooked exactly as ordered. Now the hickory smoked sirloin is something these guys should be VERY proud of. Ordered it medium rare, and it came sliced in gorgeous pink with the most divine hickory wood flavor popping out of the meat. Absolutely tender and bursting with flavor. Our favorite side item had to be the garlic broccoli. Perfectly steamed with real bits of garlic in and around. It went very well with the meal. The sauteed mushroom and onions were as hit as well.Service here was lacking. Not sure if we had a new server or what, but forgot items, no refills, multiple visits to bring basics like salad dressing, etc.Food here is worth returning. One of the better restaurants in the Concord Mills area.
2	Yes it's a steakhouse but the best part of the meal was the wedge salad, the blue cheese dressing is phenom. The onion soup was good too. But the steak lacked flavor and my lobster was slightly over cooked and had too much "char", so tasted burnt. I was disappointed, maybe my expectations were too high.
1	Just came back from TXLC. It was one of the worst dinning experience that I ever had. My wife and I actually went there quite often actually because she loved the Texas bone-in-ribeye. My mother in law was in town so we took her there and ordered the same thing. They both had the bone-in ribeye and I had the regular ribeye. However, as soon as the bone-in-ribeye came to the table, you can tell there's an unpleasant smell when it got close. They smells like they have been sit there unfrozen for a while and rotten, not fresh at all. My Ribeye came out ok. We notify our server and she took cared of it and got us two new ones, but when the new ones came to our table, one of the steak had the same problem again and I was really pissed. I mean....you have to be kidding me if this happens....not once but TWICE. The manager apologized to us again but she was not very sincere and thought we were joking. This is a terrible place in terms of food qualify and consistency. We will not go back again and I used to recommend my friends to go but please don't go anymore. Unless you are not worrying about going to hospital from food poisoning.
1	Food was average, beer on tap was warm, service, while friendly, was ridiculously slow for 3:30 on a Friday with 2 other tables occupied.  Highlight was the fried pickle appetizer...perfectly fried with great dipping sauce.  Lowlight, other than snail service, was the steak nachos, which was actually like 10 chips topped with a little cheese & a cube of steak.  Burgers were average & fries were not hot.  Ludicrous 30% tip added to bill!  If I'm going to waste 2 hours of my life and $200 (party of 5), I better be wowed...and I wasn't.
1	Worst service I have ever encountered.. After an hour of sitting at the table with my main entree still in the kitchen somewhere .. I got up and left.. The manager decided to give me the meal for free.. In which I drive home and went to bed... Ruined my evening plans.. Missed my movie I was planning on seeing with my girlfriend... NEVER will I go here again!!!
3	When in Concord I often eat here and have yet to be disappointed. To be clear, there are better steak houses but in its segment it is top rung. Two different sized filet available, can top I them with something like 7 different toppings including Bernaise, blue cheese crumbs, etc. Salad selection good. They could use a good light beer added to their selection. So tired of Coors, Bud and Miller being the only lite beer choices when there are Amstel, Yuengling, Sam Adams and Heinekin lite options available that cost about the same. They're   not alone here. Overall a very nice place that you can get a good steak and a couple glasses if wine for $40.
1	I definitely needed to wait to write this review until I was well removed from the dining experience. It was beyond horrible. Horrible service, raw food, uncaring management, and just an all around bad experience. There were 11 of us dining, including 7 kids. Our kids are very well behaved in restaurants and they were great the whole time. We arrived at 6:00 pm a Sunday night, the restaurant was a little busy but not too full. They said 30 minute wait. 45 minutes later we were seated. We had taken the 45 minutes to look over menu and were ready to order when the waitress first greeted us. This was at approximately 6:55 we placed our order, food and drinks. Around 7:15 our drinks came minus the wine. Around 7:55 the salads and wine came (note, this is an hour after we sat down). We threw some croutons at the kids, asked for bread and were told they ran out. They didn't offer us anything else. I'm thinking, damn, I should not have ordered my salad minus the croutons at this point. At 8:10 the waitress offered the kids some croutons. Said the food should be around shortly. Our food finally came at around 835, this was 1 hour 40 minutes after we sat down. We were annoyed but everyone had food so no big deal, right? WRONG, they decided that serving the kids RAW burgers after waiting 2 + hours  (between wait for table and wait for food would be a good idea. 6 kids ordered burgers so 6 RAW burgers were served. We had to send them all back thinking really they will rush this at this point right? WRONG again, nope, we all ate, I gave my kids my steak (the steak was actually pretty good. We were done eating and ready to leave when the burgers come back out. We left without them, we had given the kids our food and all got a little mac and cheese from the one kid that didn't order a burger and some fries. We all left hungry and so disappointed. The manager tried to make excuses. The server didn't even put our food order in until 7:42, almost an hour after we sat down. People all around us had been seated, ordered, ate their food, and were done while we waited. It was beyond horrible. Attaching pictures of the raw burgers (unedited) that my kids were served.
1	Wow... This place is terrible!!! I don't usually complain but I feel like I need to let people know. We had a party of 6 people and one hour after ordering we still didn't have our food! The waitress was great but she couldn't tell us what the problem was... We tried to talk to the manager and he got mad and walked away... We left without eating! We did give the waitress $40 because it wasn't her fault. I will tell everyone about my bad experience... The manager was a poor excuse for a manager!!!
4	Did not go with great expectations but was pleasantly surprised with this restaurant. Service was very good and at the time we arrived there was no wait. The steaks were a great cut and cooked very well. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.
4	New management have recently amped the place up. Nice friendly blonde manager. Service is excellent. Been there. Few times and you get to know who to ask for (suggestions: lizzy, jessi, Amanda, Jordan. Craig, Kimberly) very busy on weekends. But offers call ahead seating. Wait is usually on time or only a little over. But the place is definitely coming along. Very classy. A lot better than roadhouse
1	Worst place in concord...went there tonight after a wedding we went to waited 35 min to get a burger. When it came it was warm and not hot
1	We've been going to the Texas Land & Cattle since it opened in Concord and never had a problem.  Now they replaced a very well designed menu with one that's horrible. It took awhile to figure exactly how to order.  My wife couldn't eat the crab cakes, they looked and tasted like something that came out of a microwave.  The manager and waitress were both very nice about the whole ordeal, but we won't be going back.  Too many other choices in our area.
1	Bad. That was the general experience we had at the Texas Land & Cattle. Id' give it 1.5 stars if I could, but it doesn't deserve 2.We went early on a Saturday evening. The waitress was entirely inept. She showed up late to our table after getting "reamed out" (her words) and everything was late. Our French Onion soup finally showed up AFTER we had our meals! she told us it's because the first order had gotten cold. Well, your job is to get our food out while it's hot. Getting our drinks was like pulling teeth. The service to the table next to us was a different waitress, but with the same results.The food wasn't much better. My "12 oz" ribeye was a pathetic 1/2 inch thick steak. So was my son's. The lettuce was wilted, potatoes undercooked and just most everything was pretty bland. The house special sirloin was pretty decent, but that was about it. And the soup - when we finally got it - was probably one of the worst renditions of French Onion soup that I've ever had. Overall, the food was overpriced, poorly cooked and relatively bland.This place isn't worth your time.
1	Well let me start by saying that I've tried this place a couple of times and finally said I'm done thinking it might get better. However, with it being Father's Day and the family wanting to try it because they were told of a Father's Day special, we decided to give it another shot. Unfortunately when we got there an viewed the "specials", they appeared to be regular menu items at regular menu pricing. Pretty disappointing. The service was pretty terrible. Our food came out wrong and we had to wait awhile before someone came by and we were constantly asking for drink refills, or reminding the waiter of things we'd previously asked for. The food was just as I had remembered it. Subpar. For those prices, I expect a decent steak, but honestly I think I could get the same flavor at a $8 buffet. With 3 meals and drinks we were over $100.
1	Absolutely terrible service. Too many people standing around socializing and not servicing. Meal was decent but the appetizer was terrible and after one bite, we left it untouched but were never asked why. Bland food and watered down drinks.I'll even complete their online survey to help them get a clue but wouldn't return for the freebie for doing so.
4	We recently held a large dinner for clients at this restaurant. The service was pretty good considering how large of a group it was. The food was excellent. The atmosphere was nice and casual. I was surprised to find that the women's bathroom did not have any toilet seat covers. If I am in town again and need to host a dinner I will definitely be considering this place.
4	Totally enjoyed our meal here.. had planned for a steak dinner but wasn't sure where to get one.. put steak or Texas in the Tom Tom and this came up.. we had a short wait (party of 5) but we had a chance to look at the menu.. finally seated.. we ordered drinks and appetizers..   that took a little more time.(they were busy for most of the time we were there).  really good chips and spinach dip.. onion rings where good but the sauce had no flavor.     2 bone in ribeyes , 2 boneless ribeyes and a full rack of ribs ordered..  outstanding on all accounts (died and gone to steak heaven).  The ceasar salads were good as well .  Took home 2 bourbon pecan pie slices.. good but the family said... Not as good as mine.. sorry..   another review elsewhere mentioned that the sweet tea wasn't sweet.. it wasn't. . But it was delicious (some places it can be overly sweet).Overall I'd say we had a great dinner here. We don't live in the area so likely will not be back.. but will recommend it to others..
4	Totally enjoyed our meal here.. had planned for a steak dinner but wasn't sure where to get one.. put steak or Texas in the Tom Tom and this came up.. we had a short wait (party of 5) but we had a chance to look at the menu.. finally seated.. we ordered drinks and appetizers..   that took a little more time.(they were busy for most of the time we were there).  really good chips and spinach dip.. onion rings where good but the sauce had no flavor.     2 bone in ribeyes , 2 boneless ribeyes and a full rack of ribs ordered..  outstanding on all accounts (died and gone to steak heaven).  The ceasar salads were good as well .  Took home 2 bourbon pecan pie slices.. good but the family said... Not as good as mine.. sorry..   another review elsewhere mentioned that the sweet tea wasn't sweet.. it wasn't. . But it was delicious (some places it can be overly sweet).Overall I'd say we had a great dinner here. We don't live in the area so likely will not be back.. but will recommend it to others..
4	We went here for lunch yesterday, the food was fine, nothing too special as my steak was a bit overdone and my husbands was under but our server was FANTASTIC so based on that I gave this place 3 stars. I have been here before and really had a fantastic meal but this time it didn't quite measure up food wise. I would however go back in hopes to experience the food we had had the first time
5	We Tried their carry out before and loved it, so this trip we went to the restaurant. We love sitting in the bar area and this is where we sat. Lots of fun taking to the bartenders and staff. We split the bone in rib eye. It was plenty for my wife and I and it was delicious. Perfectly cooked and a great spice rub. Shared the loaded baked potato and salad. The salad was good but not as good as the potato and steak. They had a nice wine selection as well as a nice draft beer choice. Highly recommend if you are near the Charlotte race track.
5	After seeing some other reviews we were skeptical however the server Brooke was excellent I ordered the filet Oscar and my boyfriend had ribeye both were incredible. We will definitely be going back.
1	We visited the location around 3:30 to grab an early dinner. We and two other couples came in around the same time. We stood at the front for almost three minutes without a soul greeting us. There were two tables in the restaurant, but no server, bartender or hostess could be seen the entire time we waited. We ended up leaving, but I decided to call the restaurant and call the manager. While he was very apologetic and offered to purchase something if we returned, we decided not to based on past reviews of service.
