4	Excellent galbi - grilled marinated short ribs.We happened to be in the area around dinner time and decided to check it out.  As we parked our car, a whole Korean family walked out of Seoul Jung.  This was a good sign.We ordered the "Dol Sot Bibim-Bob" $10.90 and the only special to be found on the menu: #13. "Galbi & your choice of Naeng Myun" $13.90.Soon after, the waiter brought over a multitude of banchan, including the standard bean sprouts, spinach and various kim chees.  All were pretty much as expected.  We chose the non-spicy Naeng Myun, which is a giant bowl of chewy buckwheat noodles in an iced tangy beef broth with julienned veg and slices of Korean pear (the spicy version comes without soup).  We were first introduced to this dish at Hodori in LA's K-town by a Korean friend and ever since we've been hooked.  It's one of the most refreshing dishes - it cuts right through the heaviness of Galbi.The Galbi came to the table sizzling on a hot plate.  The generous pile of short ribs were tender and well-marinated - obviously from a very good cut.  The two of us were pretty full when the Bibimbab arrived.  We waited a few minutes for the rice to get crispy along the sides of the hot stone pot (dol sot) before squeezing in the spicy bean paste and mixing up the contents - shredded veg, beef and raw egg.    Despite our level of satiation, we still enjoyed it.To cleanse our palates, the server brought us each a complimentary bowl of sikhye (sweet rice soup) as is custom.  Korean food's all about the complimentary stuff - you can get unlimited refills of banchan.We probably would have walked out happy with just the special but thought we should at least order a dish each.  Room's a bit dated and the service is friendly.  I think Mr K should give Seoul Jung another try at dinner.
3	I believe this place has changed names along with owners. It is now called "HJK" or something like that. We were the ONLY ones in this large restaurant in a scary shopping center. There might be a "korean club" or some sort right next to this place too.Overall, you can't complain about the portions here because they are HUGE. We opted for some bbq and soon tofu soup (don't order this soup). We ordered beef brisket, pork belly and kalbi which was served with green onion/lettuce salad and around 15 side dishes which were very tasty. The brisket wasn't cut as thinly as I like nor was it well marbled. The kalbi was very good and the pork belly standard. I'd eat here again, probably during the daylight hours though!
