4	This is the closest sandwich shop to my house so I go a few times a month.  There is a Subway nearby, but I prefer the meat to be cut fresh for my sandwiches so this is normally my choice.  The wait for a sandwich is normally hit or miss, some days at lunch time it is very busy other times it is empty.  There is probably seating for 20-30 inside and often when it is busy there are many tables occupied, but I have never seen a situation where no tables were available.  The subs themselves are good, but a bit more expensive then what you will find at Subway, but I am willing to pay the extra dollar or two.  There are normally daily specials of 6 dollars for a regular sub, chips and a drink or 8 dollars for a large.  Although there is not much competition for subs around Starmount I think overall this beats the other chains for what is available.
2	I get it, people get annoyed when someone says " I'm from NY so I know good wings, pizza, subs, italian food, bagels etc" and why doesn't Charlotte have these things? but generally I dismiss that because I have found all good versions of the above at some location. Nothing is ever the same as where you grow up- whether you're from NY or from Albuquerque (or insert random hometown)But that being said Substation II really reminded me of everything a meatball sub should NOT be...My remembrance of a meatball sub:Served on a toasted hot garlicky Italian sub roll topped with oooey gooey mozzarella, three large homemade meatballs, and sauce that would put your Italian grandmother to shame.What I got - Salty McSalterson's sauce and 10 mini meatballs that easily came from the frozen foods section. If that was what I wanted I would head over to HT and pick some up myself. Sadly this sub had little cheese to offer but luckily the bread was at least fresh. Do yourself a favor and for 50 cents extra head to subway and get their foot-long because essentially they are on the same caliber ...actually if I am honest, subways rivaled theirs. They also have "scrap" sandwich on their menu ...I am not sure how this is suppose to sound appealing.This will probably be my one and only visit here considering we have about 7 subshops within 2 minutes of my office. Yay Jersey Mikes !
4	I have been to a Sub Station II before, but not this one.  I was 5th in line but still ordering within 5 min.  I go the special of the day... #3 ham salami and cheese.  I am a fan of knowing they slice the meat and cheese as they make the sandwich.  I am not a fan of not seeing the other ingrediants and watching them make the sandwich.  I guess Subway and Quiznos has spoiled me a bit.  The sandwich was ready in just a couple of minutes and was very good so the ingrediants must have been fresh.  The small sandwich special with chips and a drink was $7.12 so that was a good thing too.  I will definitely go back.
5	I drive past a lot of sandwich shops on my way to Cindy's Sub Station II on Arrowood Road.  The meats and cheeses are sliced fresh in front of you and somehow the sandwiches I get from this location seem to taste better than ones I've gotten from other Sub Station locations.  The store is always clean and the help is always efficient and friendly.  I will definitely be back.
