3	The Administrator and I had been helping the Embalmer to move to his new flat in Costorphine.  Heading for home we needed some diesel for the van I had hired so we headed for the nearby Tesco Petrol Station.We were in need of lunch but were also a bit strapped for time, so we pulled into the McDonalds next door.  Okay it is a global brand, but the fare is standard and the milkshakes are pretty good.  Quarter pounders each for the Administrator and me, a chicken sandwich for the Embalmer;  three standard fries (a bit salty for my taste) and strawberry milkshakes each for the Embalmer and the Administrator and a chocolate shake for me.Nothing here would ever set the heather on fire, but equally the food had been freshly cooked, the fries were delightfully crunchy on the outside and yielding within and the shakes were gloopy and good.We will never be regulars in McDonalds, but sometimes it is good to know that they are there.
3	The good thing about Mcdonalds, for me, is that you know what to expect. The only things you need to help you on your way are a straw and a serviette.  I find the drinking of the shake through the straw quite a challenge and start wishing they supplied spoons. However, good advice from the Embalmer had me stirring the shake with the straw and that made life easier. You accept eating out of disposable shapes and that's part of the experience.
4	If its cheap & cheerful you want McD's will fill the void...
1	This place is definitely not for the "Faint Hearted" It's down right depressing. The staff are well.. Less than cheery which I've always found it to be rather odd.. As McDonalds is surely aimed at Kids?.. No? It's all business now... You can see it in the staffs faces as they slowly "zombie walk" around wether it be sweeping the overly salted cold chips from the floor. Or sympathetically handing a ball of breath to some poor child that's trying to figure out what the happy meal toy actually does?. The image of the restaurant.. If you'd call it that definitely has changed over the years.
