5	Excellent breakfast joint, Gaston and his crew are back. Service is exceptional and food is very good. Love the coffee thermos that they have for each table.  This place is clean and fresh. Same location as Chez Cora, but the food is better. Go and you be the judge.
5	Best breakfast place in the West Island. Large portions, great service, and friendly staff. The place is always completely full, so my wife and I usually go early to beat the crowd.
5	Busy place why? Because they do it right. I've been here several times & I will keep coming back. Their breakfast is real good - large portions, good service, reasonable prices, yummy & on the west island. What more do you want!?
2	After hearing about Petinos numerous times, I finally went to check it out for myself. The experience was underwhelming and disappointing, given the hype.Greeted at the door by a hostess who I can only assume from her demeanour that she is not quite enthused about being there, even at 10:30am on a Saturday. Could someone tell her that she applied for - and got - a job at a *breakfast place*??? Thanks.Ordered the "Canadian" Benedict and was absolutely disgusted to see that Petinos thought it appropriate to use what must have been Kraft singles as the cheese of choice in a $14 dish. Are you serious? When I looked at the menu to check if this was my fault, I noticed that while the other Benedicts identified the type of cheese, this one just said "cheese". Might I suggest renaming to "cheese-like topping", or better yet, tell us EXACTLY what it is. Got something to hide, much? It ruined my appetite, for sure. The server said "sorry about that, I probably should have checked with you before." I admired her taking responsibility, but then she looked at my half-eaten half and said "would you mind if we only brought you one new one?" (Rather than the standard order of 2 halves...) Stay classy...Look, I'm confused. People say that they love it here; people whose opinions I trust. I may be back to give them a second chance, and I'll be open to updating this review, but for now, 2 stars is more than fitting for what I experienced. How unfortunate.
5	I like it, its nice, but not cheapers. But everything is wellllllllllllllllLe menu est quand meme interessant, la nourriture ausssi. Donc oui, je vous conseillerai bien d'aller dejeuner la bas. Le service est bien, toute est bien
5	Their Belgian waffles are heavenly!!
4	Get the steak breakfast --- and split it between two of you. Perfectly cooked and well priced considering the sheer quantity of food.
