4	Coming from the deli-centric lifestyle of the American Northeast, it's hard to give chain sandwich shops a fighting chance.  While relocating to Charlotte, my realtor took me to this Jimmie John's, and changed my opinion forever!I ordered what I call the "tester"; an Italian sub/grinder/hoagie.  It's the same sandwich I order when gauging a sandwich shop's chops.  In this particular case, it's a #5, or a Vito in Jimmie John's colloquial speech.  I was amazed at the freshness of the ingredients.  The veggies were crisp and snappy, the tomatoes were ripe but not mushy, and the meats were fresh and flavorful.  The biggest eye-popper/tastebud dropper was the bread!  Fresh, buttery, and just the right texture! Altogether, I was hooked from the first bite.  The bread-to-meat-to-veggie ratio is spot on, and the portions are perfect.  The sandwichologists at this location seem like they've trained with a Pit Crew, as the orders were placed and processed in no time at all.Great food, great service, reasonable prices.Noosh
4	Clean, fast, friendly and great food to boot!  Even my kids love Jimmy John's.  The only issue is my house is 1/2 mile outside of the delivery radius.   Love the Beach Club, get you one!
5	We et hear 3-5 times a month. Always fresh. Always good  and ridiculously fast!  Anything from drive thru to delivery!
5	I finally stopped at JJ's for lunch and boy, oh boy, was I not disappointed.  After reviewing the sandwich options, I ordered #12 Beach Club (fresh baked turkey breast, provolone cheese, avocado spread, sliced cucumber, sprouts, lettuce, tomato, and mayo).  The sandwich was absolutely, positively delicious.  I also had the JJ's Thinny Chips which are 40% less fat than regular chips, no trans fats and no cholesterol along with some sweet teat.  The chips were also fabulous but the tea was, well, I will get something else the next time.  I was very pleased with my meal and now, I cannot wait to go back over towards Concord Mills with an empty stomach.     My apologies, I ate the sandwich before thinking about capturing a photo.  It was that good!  JJ's has a drive through window which was quite busy, but the service was really fast, and they have delivery as well.
2	Roast Beef Sandwich leaves a great deal to be desired.  Where's the Beef???!!!
4	This JJ has a drive thru!!  If I didn't think JJ could perfect their simple, fast sandwich formula anymore.... I came upon this location that has a drive thru!  Located across the way from Concord Mills, this location is a bit weird to get to with the parking lot design, but still manageable.  Once you get inside, there's a large dining room (not what I've been used to seeing in other strip mall JJ locations).Not sure what used to be here, but I am very glad JJ took over the space.  There were a number of diners inside - enjoying their lunch and we were about to be another satisfied group.  The staff was very friendly and efficient and we got our sandwiches super fast (as expected) and we were well on the way back to the office.Can't beat speed - usually you sacrifice quality or $$ for extra time, but I think JJ's has a simple enough menu that they do it well and do it fast.  Don't expect any bells and customize-able sandwiches here... I like having my free time so the less I spend waiting on lunch to be prepared, the more time I have as "down time" from the office.Don't get run over by the drivers going through the drive thru!
2	I love jimmy johns subs but their delivery is below par. The delivery is always fast but the past 4 times I've ordered delivery my order has been wrong. It's not that hard to make a sandwich.
3	Really fast delivery and good custom options. Not bad but not the best sandwiches I've eaten. (Note: I am from Boston, where subs are much better than anywhere else in the US)
1	How long does it take to throw some meat on a piece of bread? Apparently, 30 minutes! Tonight it took 30 minutes for my sandwich to be delivered.  I live maybe 3 minutes from the store.  I gave the store a call after 25 minutes to see what was up with their "freaky fast" delivery service.  Disappointed. I could have ordered a pizza had I known it was going to take 30 minutes.
