5	the first reviewer has summed it up. perhaps best steak frites in Montreal.
2	I must say, this is an interesting concept in a restaurant. The menu is exceedingly simple: Soup of the day, salad with nuts, loin steak + frites, desert. I will hand it to the owner as coming up with a wining formula to make money in a restaurant. The soup was a tomato-vegetable soup which was thin and did not have any real body. I would expect a more rich soup. Salad was simple lettuce with walnuts and an oil dressing. The salad was too oily and the dressing was lacking flavor. The main course was, again, solid food - but did not impress me with the bistro flavor I was expecting. The loin steak is not the most flavorful cut. The frites were average tasting and would have been better if they were fresher. Dessert was two bollocks on a plate (ice cream balls covered with pastry and covered with chocolate). The pastry was stale, so I just fished out the ice cream. Overall a decent concept, but with essentially one soup, one salad, one main and one desert on the menu I would expect them all to be excellent and flavorful. This did not live up to my expectations.
5	Simple concept, soup of the day, nice salad and the restaurant special - Entrecote - WOW !! I am total fan of this place, in fact, every time I am in Montreal I make it a point to visit because it is that good !!! The only problem has been that I cannot find any other place in the world where their entrecote steak is good as this one. Usually this cut of beef is very sinewy - not here ! clean, cooked to order simple and of course with the mandatory serving of fries. In Montreal ? definitely try this place ! You will like it !
5	We love this restaurant so much we started staying in a Hotel closer to it to make it easier to get there when we visit Montreal and it is usually our first meal.  We always get the Table D'Hote, which comes with a Bibb salad with walnuts, and profiteroles for dessert.  Entrecote is Steak in a wonderful sauce and perfectly cooked French Fries and this Restaurant does it perfectly.  I had a glass of the Rose which was lovely  and my Husband had a beer, which was extremely good and not surprising  in Canada.  I am not a particular fan of Steaks, but this place is not to be missed.
4	If a restaurant in Montreal seves one dish, and only dish, I say that dish is worth a try.That's the case at L'Entrecote St-Jean on Peel Street - they only dish they serve is steak frites covered in their delicous thyme-dijon sauce.This place is ideal for people who don't like making decisions. All you're required to choose is how you want you meat cooked, and what French wine you want to drink.You basically have two choices here: the simple menu being the steak frites preceded by a little green salad topped with walnuts, or the full menu, which is the soup of the day, the green salad, the steak frites, and the chocolate profiteroles for dessert.The place is very French bistro, the profiteroles are perfectly not-too-sweet, and that steak sauce is phenomenal.
4	Our 2nd dinner in this well known place. Above average piece of meat, without being at the top level. At least, you can get it blue, not that easy in North America. Being with good friends helped us waiting forever to get served. 2 hours for a dinner, sounds unusual here. The Brouilly was of great value.
3	A Upscale Steak & Frites place. Food is good. If you go during the winter season, avoid sitting next to the door, because you will feel the cold air blowing in. Don't let the maitre D intimidate you when he says the "curtains" keep the cold hair out... It's a lie!
4	Simple  menu very well prepared. Nice Parisian feel. Don't sit close to the entrance on cold evenings though, the drapes do not keep out the chill no matter what the staff may tell you.
5	This place is just perfect ....I really crave their steak and fries from time to time ..This place has only one item in the menu ...It is a meal that starts with a nice soup then a really weird salad that I eat every time and promise myself to skip it the next time ...Then comes the great steak and fries that is to die for.You will end the meal with a nice piece dessert.The ambiance and the staff reminds me of the beautiful 80's .It is a place that you must visit if you are coming to Montreal .
5	OMG! This place is great for a date. Simplicity is the key and this place has mastered it. This place cooks the steaks perfectly. Medium rare people!!!Their take of steak Diane is beautiful. When going there for the first  time I had no idea about the sauce. It just makes my mouth water thinking about it. I clean the plate dunking the fries, the bread, anything I can find in it. Everything that's served with the meal is good as well. The profiteroles are a delight.You gotta give it a try!! You won't regret it!!
3	I thought it was very boring considering the price. They have 1 dish and it's a basic salad and steak and fries. The steak I had coated $20 and was thin and tough.  The fries are pretty lame too. I don't understand the great reviews.
5	Very relaxant !
4	With only one option being steak and fries this establishment is easy, simply and yet I enjoyed my meal quite thoroughly. If your only going to do one thing right do it well. The soup was delicious, the salad was average the steak was extremely tender and the dessert was rich and topped the meal off perfectly.I highly recommend this place.
5	My wife and I had dinner here the other night. We had read about this place before coming to Montreal and were excited to go. The service and food did not disappoint. The space is fantastic. Everything from the high mirrored walls to the tiled floor to the vintage French posters gave this restaurant an incredible feel.  The staff was welcoming and very professional. They made sure we were well taken care of at every point during the meal. The food was superb. The soup was tasty. The salad came with fresh walnuts and a nice simple vinaigrette.  The beef was cooked perfectly to temperature (medium rare or 'a point' as they say), a little tough to cut in a few places, but very tasty.  The fires were nice crispy shoestrings. The sauce may have been the best part of the meal.  I'm guessing, but mustard and tarragon with butter and perhaps ... I don't know, but it's fantastic. Once you're going, the juice from the beef, the sauce and the fat from the fries come together to make an exceptional gravy on your plate. Douse forkfuls of fries in this and enjoy!
3	No jacket required. At least during the summer months. Found many people in shorts and t-shirts. I guess they relaxed the attire code. Good food and service.
2	I'm always on the lookout for a good steak. American style, Brazilian, Argentinean, you name it. The French are known for their Steak & Frite. I heard of this Entrecote Saint-Jean a few weeks ago and figured I'd give it a shot. Now. If your menu has only ONE item and your restaurant is jam packed like it was tonight, shouldn't the grub just blow me away? I think so.While the restaurant is a thing of an age gone by beauty, the food isn't. It's simple. You get soup, salad, steak & frite and desert... let's go through them, because when I want to crush something I do it step by step.Leek Soup. Not half bad, piping hot, but severely lacking in the seasoning department. Salad. The lettuce hadn't gone bad but some leaves were definitely damaged. The dressing was so so and very rare, as in barely a teaspoon of it for the whole salad.The Steak & Frite. Now this is where I get bitchy. Firstly if you promise me match-stick fries, don't bring me frozen McDonald's like French fries. Secondly the steak... This is a French restaurant. The French who invented everything about cooking worth a damn, should know something simple, some very rudimentary about steak preparation. Once you take it off the heat YOU HAVE TO LET IT REST. It's the only thing on their fucking menu and they fuck it up. My plate was a bloody mess, completely screwing up the sauce. They have ONE thing on the menu and they haven't mastered it. What a shame.Desert was the saving grace. Profiteroles, delicious and refreshing. But I doubt I'll be going back. When I don't finish a 6 oz steak, there's something wrong with this world.The service was good, but never were we asked about how are meal was going, if it was any good. All in all it's a very pretty restaurant, with decent service, but really unimpressive food. I can't understand why it's so packed.
4	We were up in Montreal for a few days on vacation.  We randomly walked into this place because my boyfriend wanted a steak.  They have exactly one thing on the menu.  Steak.  It was great.  Simple.  We started with a simple salad with walnuts and then the steak for the main course.  The steak was a thin strip steak covered with a specialty sauce served with french fries.  The steak was tender, the sauce tasty and the fries light and crispy. The meal was delicious and satisfying.  The staff was welcoming and efficient.  We even spoke to the owners grandson who told us the story about how the restaurant started.  The atmosphere was quaint.  This was a definite find for just randomly walking into a restaurant.  We would definitely return.
5	The only food on menu is steak and yes they are really good at it.
1	I read the earlier review about how terrible the food is, and I have to say they got it right. If they do only one thing, you think they could get it right. The fries were from the freezer and the steak smothered in sauce. The salad was miserable and the profiteroles were with ice cream, not whipped cream, which I think is miserable. There is good food to be had in Montreal, but not here.
5	I rarely add my own reviews on Yelp, but this place is beyond praise. The steak frites are out of this world (let alone the steak sauce) and the service extraordinarily good for Montreal standards. This place alone is reason to visit Montreal again.
4	Stumbled into this place for lunch. Pre fix was a salad and steak frites in a delicious mustard sauce. Very good food and our waitress was very nice to our 3 yr old daughter and brought her a free dessert. We'd definitely go back.
1	I would give this place 0 stars if I could. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!!! I'm surprised with all the positive reviews on here. You really have to have issues with your taste glands to find this food okay and acceptable. We had three days in Montreal and this was the only food place that caused a blemish on our experience in Montreal. Since we were international and could not access data to check out the restaurants nearby via Yelp (BIG MISTAKE!!!), we decided to stop here because it looked like a simple enough concept. With only five items on the menu (soup, salad, dessert, fries, and steak) we were expecting to be wowed by the food. Surely if they are devoting their attention on only these five items, they must have perfected them. Boy, were we wrong! The fries were no different than cheap fast food fries you can find anywhere (reminded me of McDonald's fries) and the salad was horrid. It was stale and basically a few leaves of lettuce with walnuts and a vinaigrette. The walnuts were old. The steak itself was super small and had the consistency of chewing gum (but after you have chewed on it for hours and it has lost all of its flavor). Words/phrases that come to mind to describe the steak: is this McDonald's?, bland, not worth the price, bad. I think some selections at McDonald's taste better than all of the items at this place. The last straw that broke the Carmel's back was when I asked for the wifi password, the waitress said that they had wifi but didn't know the password and were calling the place to get it for tomorrow. Well....gee thanks. I obviously won't be coming back tomorrow, what good does that do me?Be smart. Don't spend money on this place.
1	There were very limited menu options. I presumed that the place had these as specialties but the food turned out to be terrible. Was not seasoned well and had very small portions. Service was below average and when leaving, the waitress watched as we paid the bill. We tipped very little for the above reasons and as we were leaving, the waitress actually questioned our payment.
2	I was warned.  One of the more regretful meals I have had in Montreal.  Strange because a few years ago I recall a review that sang the praises of "L'entrecote.  I do not understand why.  Previous reviewer said that soup was hot and lightly seasoned.  Confirmed - soup is, well, just soup and scaldingly hot.  Previous reviewer said that salad was bizarre.  Confirmed - Boston lettuce with nondescript dressing and fresh walnuts on top.  At least they weren't rancid which is commonly the case.  Previous reviewer commented that steak was badly cooked.  Actually steak was cooked to my specifications but the frites and the 'special' sauce on the meat were unremarkable.  Previous reviewer talked about how dessert was good at very least.  Disagree.  Dessert too was bland and unremarkable.Servers seemed a little depressed overall.  Not a good vibe here.  would not choose to return.
4	The menu is pure simplicity. The tables are set exactly as you would expect for Steak Frites. This isn't the place for you if you are looking for an American over-the-top steak house that is going to feed till you burst. This is real French Steak Frites done well. The soup was more parmentier than leek, but let's be realistic, it's just soup. The bread was crusty. The salad was plain Boston lettuce with a vinaigrette and some walnuts, but dressed correctly and dry before the vinaigrette was added, so it isn't watery. The steak was done as per order, the fries were well cooked, the sauce flavoured with mustard was excellent and made you want to dredge your fries in them. The profiteroles only came in chocolate, but were filled with ice cream, tasty, but a non-chocolate option should be offered. The service was classic and well done. What's not to like about a restaurant showing that simplicity is sometimes exactly what you need. Dating someone who takes forever to decide what to have for dinner? This is your place! There are two choices... steak frites with or without the table d'hote. That's it. Done!
5	It's a simple, straight forward menu and everything is done to perfection. The salad is minimalistic but the dressing is unique and flavourful. The steak is full of flavour and cooked exactly to your liking. Ambiance brings you to feeling like your in Paris. Love it every time.
5	The best steak grites this side of Paris. Hands down no discussion. The profiteroles are good, wine is simple but very good. Nothing fancy but a little slice of Paris in Montreal.
4	Stumbled in here out of the cold thinking it was a full menu french bistro.  I thought they gave me just the specials menu by mistake.  Wasnt too happy to find the only two options were if you wanted the app & dessert or not.  Was extremely surprised that I loved it especially considering I wasnt in the mood for a steak diane type steak.  Ok, it might not be anything similar to steak diane but it reminded me of it.
4	This is a quaint little gem in the neighborhood. If you are looking for a traditional steak house, this is not for you. It resembles a French bistro with two options for a meal. Having said that, food was exquisite. The steak was done just right and the sauce on top was just the right touch, without overwhelming the meat.The soup of the day was carrot soup, which was very good. Staff is friendly, especially given we had our toddler with us. I can see why some reviewers may have been disappointed if they were looking for a typical high-end steak house. I have been to numerous steak houses all over the world and this one is definitely a must-visit on my list. Don't expect a pretentious, cigar bar type of establishment. I would compared it to a "great baguette". Clean, simple, and just-done-right kind of a place.
4	Very cool concept for a restaurant! Simple and traditional, which is an experience in of itself. A pre-set meal, it was nice not having to choose! Good value with soup, salad, steak and profiteroles for a reasonable price. Everything was very good. Nothing blow me away good. Steak was cooked well with a honey mustard-ish sauce on top. Took a second to get used to it but it was very good. Ambience made us feel we were in an authentic Parisian place in Montreal.
4	Excellent meal w a great server. She was a doll!  And we appreciated her attention to details & catering to all our diff preferences for our steaks. They do this 1 item very well so come & enjoy the fruits of their hard work. Folks here r great w service & r an example for other restaurants to follow!!!
4	There is only a steak with or without soup and dessertThe steak best served medium or rareThe price reasonable but a mandatory service (tip) might be annoyingNoisy but warm and friendly!
5	Best steak frites!  I've been here three times. Am blown away every time. All they have is steak and fries. But the place has been packed for three generations. Whatever is in that gravy they put on everything, I could live on!  It is sooooo delicious!  They recommend the steak medium. It's a thin cut  and man it's tender and flavorful.
