3	For a while, my strip club-patronizing friends, when they would visit Montreal, preferred this modest peeler not far from Super Sexe. It all started when the Downtown's street-level hawker told us it was "Disneyland for the hands, man!" Even I thought it was worth a look, after a priceless line like that.Inside, it's pretty standard industry stuff, although the Downtown's relative obscurity means that its lap-dance prices are a bit better than the more famous competition like Super Sexe. The impressionable brother of one friend, who tagged along one time, got a crush on a stripper with a Nine Inch Nails tattoo (he likes Nine Inch Nails), and tipped her extravagantly. Didn't get him anywhere, and laughing at his young love pangs was probably the most entertaining thing to happen to us here.
2	Very pretty girls with great bodies. Not really good dancers but getting fully nude helped them out. They spent more time talking to each other instead of paying attention to the customers. Ladies - no cover charge when you're with your boy toy. I would have like to see a little bit of fan action on the silver tinsel inside the frosted carved go go dancer statues, would have helped me feel loosey goosey if ya know what I mean. Drinks are $1 cheaper then Kingdom and the chicks might let you have some 5 Star Fingers.
4	A good strip club to sit back and relax. Its downtown which is a plus but the girls in there are mediocre but they sit down and talk to you and etc. The lap dances make up for the lack of ambiance in here and also it needs some renovations.
3	A wide selection of talent, ranging from short, Asian, black, latino, blond, brunette, young, old.  No one out of this world.  The best looking one looked bored and had a terrible personality (for the stage at least).  But, since she was hot, everyone gave her attention.  Each dance is $15, min of 2.  I can't say it was spectacular, but it was fun.  One note though, there was a bachelor party there.  The guy went on stage.  He got naked.  When that happened, I decided on getting a dance (upstairs, away from the crowd).  Best decision of my life, as I heard later that he swung around naked.
5	It's been some time since I've been to Montreal. But, whenever I'm in Montreal, I go to this place. Best club on Rue St.Catherine. The chicks are smokin hot, the music is loud, and the stuff that's made of malt liquor(the Smirnoff ice, the Mike's lemonades) is made with vodka. So it's way easier to drink, and knocks you in the head way better. That's more of a Canadian thing than a this club thing. But. It does get the Canadian monopoly money out of my wallet a bit faster. Great place. Awesome. I'll definitely be back. I hope.
5	As I walked up the stairway to this place, the memories of past visits came into my brain.  I remembered walking up and down St.Catherine going into each club, eventually we came here and discovered was the best among the collection. If I remember correctly, we had to go home several days early on that particular trip due to low funds.     I got to the top of the stairway and was blocked by the entry booth. A turnstyle blocked by an iron bar, put there by the person collecting money.  I looked ahead of me and saw a man whose arms were as big as my legs. I was petrified for a moment. This bouncer towered over me.  He pointed to the girl collecting money and I immediately pulled out my wallet and gave her $5 for the cover fee.  A ticket was handed to a host, and the iron bar was slid back so the turnstyle could operate.   The host asked me where I'd like to sit. I gestured to the stage, still wary of the giant I was walking past.     Girls were hot. Girls danced. Girls got nekked. In American strip clubs, you put dollars on the stage for the girls I thought this was a good idea and I pulled out a Canadian dollar.  Canadian dollars are coins. For a few minutes I pondered the logistics of putting a dollar on stage (perhaps in some slot?), and then decided against it. I was dreadfully afraid of the giant man.       A girl named Cherry came up on stage. She was crazy hot. she danced, and she got nekked. After she got off the stage, she lead me back to the private area upstairs, asked that I use the hand sanitizer, and I got a private dance. Now that I think about it, hand sanitizer seems like a really, really good thing at a strip club. She was crazy hot. I returned a few nights later, and got another private dance from another super crazy hot chick named A something. It'll come to me.           The girls are retardedly hot. Private dances are steaming hot. $10 for a private dance, $5 entry. Despite the inexpensive entry and dance charges, I still blew through $200 bucks fairly easily.  This is an awesome place. When I return to Montreal, I'll definitely come back here.
3	Came here on a saturday night and it was packed to oblivion. The bouncer sat us so far from stage, we couldn't see anything. It's $5 cover and $5 tip for the bouncer. The drinks are set at $7.50 for beer. The problem is, if you don't tip the waitress more than 20% of the tab, they will make a huge fuss about it. I would say out of 10 women, 6 of them were hot. We didn't stick around too long because it was too crowded, loud, uncomfortable (our table was in the corner of a packed room). It gets 3 stars because the women seemed like they put on a good show, from what I could see anyway.
5	It was Sunday night during a blizzard and it was 6 degrees. There was very little to do near our hotel and so we decided to hit up a strip club. It was an upstairs spot and from the outside looked like a sleazy NYC 8th ave peep show spot. I kept my expectations low, I mean it's an upstairs spot what can you expect? I pictured strippers with cigarette burns and stab wounds...boy was I wrong!! This place was the best EVARRRRRR!!!!!! Cover was $3, beer was like $8, and no coat check and dances were only $10!!!  The girls were attractive but more on the charming side. I got this one dancer, she had nerd glasses on with a blazer and stockings she was the best dancer i've ever had. Never met anyone so innocent looking but seductive...I got several dances with her and let's just say it felt like i could do no wrong with her and she encourages all bad behavior :)Normally I'd make it rain in the states, but in Canada they don't have singles..you would make it hail with those dollar coins lol. $5 is the lowest, so if you want to tip them at this spot you jump on stage lay down and put a 5 in your mouth...the rest is for you to find out.  The interior isn't all that great, but we're men so it doesn't matter. It feels like a regular bar with strippers. No bathroom guy to tip, no unnecessary coat check..just go in and have a good time. I've been to a good amount of nyc strip clubs, made actual outside friends with some dancers along the way and I can say this place is pretty special being there only once. If you're in the area definitely do drop by, you won't forget it.
3	Stopped in recently while in town for the jazz fest.Struck out this trip: place was packed, dancers were few and far between (I assume most upstairs giving private dances), and the lovely Lori nowhere to be found. Admission on Sat nite was $5, plus $5 tip to host/guy who seats you, Molsons were $8 including tip.Overall, seems like club should've had more dancers working on a Sat nite. Will probably check out other places next time I'm in town.
3	The women are beautiful.  But they let too many people in....being ass and elbows with the dude nrxt to you is no fun...shouldn't focus on qty
1	Went here on a bachelor party and the staff were very accommodating for our large group of 11. We spent $340 on drinks which included a bottle of captain morgans for$175. The waitress told us that it was the most cost effective option and pushed us to do it instead of getting singular drinks. It was a good idea that.THE BOTTLE WAS WATERED DOWN. A few of us were sober as we drove the group in and we all had a swig from the bottle. No way was it full strength. Drinking captain morgans straight is like a kick in the face. I could drink that whole bottle like it was flat coke.  For making another $10 profit they made sure that all 11 of us would never come back.The girls are good and what you'd expect, but avoid the bottle service. Beer and drinks from the bar are fine.
3	Hit it up with a couple friends after work on a Friday night. The outside looks grimey as fuck but the inside is pretty decent. Cover was $5 and they didn't make us coat check our bags. I've read in a couple reviews that the bouncers request a tip upon seating you but he didn't ask us...Was pretty busy when we got there and it packed up even more as the night went on. They let way too many people in for the quantity of girls they had working. If there was a girl you wanted a lapdance with you had to be quick to get her. The girls were alright but just alright. Out of all the girls there only 3 really stood out to me. A bucket of 6 beers cost 45 bucks wich ain't bad at all. Woulda given 2 stars but I'ma give 3 'cause I had my private dances with this Peruvian girl with an ass from outta this world! Oh and each dance is $10.
1	I have no idea how people have even given this place 5 stars. I have been to Strip clubs all over North America, with the exception of dancers good looks, this is honestly the WORST STRIP CLUB I have ever been to. The waitress are incredibly RUDE demanding a $1tip when I asked for my change back. It would be more justified if they didn't charge a $5 entry fee and $8.50 for a beer. The dancers just sat there not approaching any customers. I was there on a Sunday night with a group of buddies for one hour. There were only 2 stage dances the whole time and there were about 8 dancers on the floor that night not even one of them looked at us. We felt VERY unwanted and we walked out. Nobody working there even tried to stop us as we just walked right out of what was next to an empty strip club. They definitely don't deserve to have their location to be on Rue Sainte-Catherine downtown. Will never-ever step foot in this place again!
4	Very couple friendly! My boyfriend and I decided to check out a couple of strip clubs close to our hotel during our stay in Montreal and this one was the best that we visited. There was a cover charge, $10 I believe. The staff was friendly by strip club standards. The drinks tasted fine, and weren't too overpriced. However,  our waitress took a while to return to our table, but it was a busy Saturday night so this was to be expected. The dancers themselves were mostly attractive women with nice bodies and pretty faces. We were offered a private dance by a friendly dancer with legs for days and we accepted. This was a first time event for the both of us so we had to ask her a lot of questions about how the private dances work and she was accomodating and honest. She was also very polite, and not pushy like some of the other dancers. The lap dance itself was fun, it was sexy and not awkward at all. She even called me sexy, and told my boyfriend he was a lucky man. My boyfriend and I had a great time at downtown. A funny side note to this whole experience; as we were leaving the DJ announced a dancer to the stage who had the same stage name as my real name and my boyfriend and I had quite the laugh about that on the way out.
