4	I understand this place was formerly Folino's Brother's Pizza and has since changed ownership, I believe.  I recently moved back to the South Hills from the city and found their ad with some coupons for a wing/pizza special.  Sometimes everyone needs a night to stay in and order some pizza, so we tried it out.  The delivery was quick and the price was affordable.We ordered a pepperoni pizza and dry-rub wings.  The wings. were. outstanding.  They were good quality and didn't have the slimy skin that some wings have from soppy sauce or poor frying.  I was really pleased with the Cajun flavoring.  Our pizza was just okay, but I would (and have) ordered it again because it was enjoyable with the wings.  Instead of the pepperoni we prefer Nobby's sausage and green peppers with our pizza.BE SURE to order wings on a Tuesday because they run a .50 special! It's really work it to try them out. I promise I would never mislead you about wings!
3	If you like to fold your pizza, you can fold Nobby's.  Thin ny style crust pizza.   Very good with nice tasty cheese, a little more distinct with a slight smokey flavor.  The garden salad was large with only leaf lettuce, no iceberg to be found and the balsamic dressing was very good.  The wings, I had the hot, were good.  My companion had the rub and said they were very good, will need to order the rub wings next time.
5	Love the pizza, the breadsticks with garlic sauce is phenomenal and will always order from them if I want good quality food & excellent service! the buffalo billy boat is also a MUST TRY menu item! it's fantastic! :)
1	Placed an order for pickup.  Employee said it would be 25 minutes.  Show up 25 minutes later and the kid working the place had not even started making the pizza.   There was another guy there obviously waiting far past his pickup time as well.   The place was dead, it was 8:30 on a thursday night,  one table of people eating.   Cancelled my order when the kid reached into the cooler to start my pizza.   What a joke.  Don't bother going here.  Don't waste your gas/time.
1	Pizza delivery was on time, but the mood was barely even warm.  They also forgot to add the flavor.  Most of it went in the garbage.
