4	Last year, they knew me here as the 2am girl. I'd show up almost every other night after working hard and on my way home! :) It was a perk! They gave me some items for free! :D Thanks guys!! I love all the locations!
2	ok food-clean
4	Fast drive thru.  Accurate orderThis location is kind of off the beaten path an dhas never been busy when we've gone here.  Place is clean and the service is fast and friendly. What more can you ask for?
3	Pretty decent food for Mexican fast food. new cheaper than dirt menu is enticing. Decent location & the employees are courteous. Keep on keeping on Del Taco
1	I was at this location And I have never waited longer for three cars to to be served. Molly the attendant was so slow I wanted to kill myself
2	I order the number two combo which is the combination burrito fries and a coke. The French fries at Del Taco are always good. the combination burrito was very small and bland. the first half of the burrito was all beans and the second half of the burrito was all meat. The place looked fairly clean and the workers seemed nice. I'm here for the food please lets get it right.
1	This is the worst Del Taco location.  I have visited this location on multiple occasions and the food is always terrible here.  The service is awful too!  On one occasion, I went through the drive thru, waited for the car in front of me to get their food (which took forever) and when I pulled up to the speaker, no one greeted me or took my order because there was no one working the drive thru!  It was the middle of the day... Epic fail!
1	I recommend checking yelp for feedback on this one! Ordered surf and turf burrito - good idea bad execution. Carne Asada w/ shrimp (fried) should be grilled little more al fresco. Not recommending this at all and ordering drive through is a pain!!
1	We absolutely love Del Taco, but after moving close to this location and trying them several times, we have sworn them off unless we are close to the one on Val Vista and Warner. The tortillas are consistently dried out and crunchy on the edges, they are assembled half hazard and make a mess, and the service at this location absolutely sucks. Avoid this location at all costs!
1	The worst drive-thru experience ever. It took over thirty minutes to get my order with just 6 cars ahead of me. Then, they forgot my drinks and I had to go back. 45 minutes later, my family got to eat cold fish tacos and cold fries. Yum! The employees could not care any less if they tried. Nobody offered up an apology for the slow service or any show of appreciation for waiting.
4	I find this location provides a little better portion than other locations.  I like the fact that when I get a macho burrito that it is a full pound.  Staff if nice.  I usually go before lunch rush.
2	Worst del taco I've been to. I prefer the one closer to my home. The lady didn't mind yelling at (into her speaker) at the counter. I actually thought she was rude to me, but obviously she was just rude to the vehicle in the car drive through. Odd to have to whitness that. Then she changed her mind and didn't take my order at all. Total psycho looked at me all happy. "she'll be right with you." All sweet and polite like. At least she stayed in character right? Poor guy at the drive through....
