3	They advertise food until 2am which is probably the best thing about The Graduate.  There are four or five in town and they're all low key watering holes with menu items like wings and sammiches.  If you're walking around Plaza Midwood and can absolutely not recognize anything in the neighborhood as food, if you make it to the corner of Central Ave & The Plaza (right next door to the Subway and the used book store) you will feel at home.  Just be careful you don't get trapped into coming here every day or you'll end up like Bluto in Animal House instead of Benjamin Braddock.
3	Recession got you down? Head over to The Graduate for some $1 or $2 beers and other drink specials. It's pretty divey, but it's super-cheap and sometimes that's all you need. There is a lounge-like room with couches and board games. In the back there is a theater for the Charlotte Improv Comedy, which performs shows weekly. I've never been very impressed by The Graduate and the snob in me automatically dislikes anything in a strip mall, but it's really an all right place to go for a cheap night.
4	It's cheap, grubby, and fun...the Graduate will never let you down. The food is kind of sub-par typical bar food, but it's the perfect kind of food for this atmosphere. I usually just get a big plate of fries to go with my cheap-o beer and sit back and enjoy the music.I most often visit the hole-in-the-wall branch off Independence, and it's one of the rare venues around Charlotte where I actually enjoy the live music. It's never because it's so earth-shatteringly fabulous, but it's just simple and pleasant...grown folks getting together to have some drinks, eat some stuff, and listen to people sing. They strike the balance between being loud enough to feel like you're in a bar, but not so loud you can't also have a conversation.
4	When did the snobby side of me wear off? Actually, I've always had an appreciation for casual, somewhat divey bars, so long as the jukebox is well-stocked, the beer is cheap, there's a TV and a pool table. Lucky, for me, the Graduate has all of the above! On a Friday night, I bought a 6 bottle bucket of beer for $12, not too shabby at $2 a beer. The crowd was very diverse. A group of black guys turning up the volume on the jukebox to a loud rap tune, some pretty, young, well groomed couples hanging out after the comedy show, then some casual, college aged folks shooting some stick. Yes, it's a strip mall, but so what? There are plenty of TVs to watch the game and they also have food until 2 AM. I didn't eat there, but I enjoyed the open feeling, high ceiling, semi-industrial/bohemian feel of the bar.  So it's not the hippest place, not a scene and be seen joint, but it works for me.
