4	This place just opened, and in a wonderfully convenient location! Right on the corner of Harris Blvd and University City Blvd :)I'm a huge fan of Dunkin Donuts as of late, and treat the stores as if they were a Starbucks. The seating areas are pretty empty, and its right by CPCC Cato Campus, so I plug in my laptop and go to town on assignments while munching. What do I munch on, you ask? I usually go healthy (yup, at Dunkin Donuts) and get a toasted multigrain bagel with veggie cream cheese. OR an egg white and cheese multigrain sandwich. If you want to treat yo self, I recommend the Brownie Batter Donut: no other donut compares!!!Lastly my tip: Try to find deals online or coupons in the mail!
4	We love DD, and I'm glad there is one close by. We went there late Friday evening to grab a half dozen. Clean restaurant and nice guys working there. One complaint: we ordered several key lime donuts, brought them home, and discovered they were all practically missing the key lime filling! Oops! Hope we don't run into that problem again.
5	The BEST Dunkin' in Charlotte and there is one reason...the staff. I have to have my morning coffee so I stop pretty much every day and I'm in and out bc the manager, Amanda knows my order, and I think everyone else's order in her brain. The other staff that work there know what people are going to order to and start getting it ready. Us customers say good morning to each other and go about our day like routine. Coffee is always fresh and the best! Along with the food.
3	After the past couple of weeks I have to update my review...this is no longer the best DD. I don't know that there is one LOL. The manager got moved to another store and they have hired several new people...one specifically that has MAJOR attitude problems. I've heard him snap at customers 3 times now. Its not just me either, one of the girls there is always aggravated by his lack of customer service too. It's hit or miss with the service, there are still 2 awesome people there but the others need one of those "for dummies" books. The same coffee I get everyday taste different each day, some days waaay different. Prepare to wait in line also bc many don't know the proper way to work a register. On positive notes, they usually always have a coupon for you, it's cheaper than Starbucks and the app is pretty cool bc you get a lot of weekly and monthly deals.
1	All I wanted was a cup of coffee. Went in this morning ordered a large cup of coffee with cream and sugar and practically got a large cup of half and half with sugar. Hungover and needed a cure, you suck university DD...
2	This DD location suffers from "hit-or-miss" customer service. There usually seem to be new-ish people learning the registers during the most inopportune times, such as during the weekend morning rush, and so the line backs up and orders get confused.I warn that you come armed with some patience but there are usually a couple of friendly faces behind the counter trying their best to get people in and out. Since you'll most likely be waiting in line, I suggest checking the DD app because there are usually coupons/deals available that require no registration.
4	The customer service is so so but the food is consistently good and that's reason enough for me to keep coming back.
