5	Fry's is where I do ALL my grocery shopping. They have everything, and pretty cheap. Getting a Fry's VIP card is amazing. It saves you lots of money. I think it's alot cheaper than some of the other grocery stores.Also, one of the best things is self-check out. i know most places have it, but there are still some grocery stores that don't.
5	The Baseline location of Fry's is not only convenient but clean.
4	Since this isn't a normal Fry's I enjoy coming to it. I love the Marketplace and enjoy seeing a different variety of items, especially out door items.The store is very clean and the staff are very respectful. Over all nice to go to.
4	Great store, clean and friendly workers. It's a smaller Fry's so there isn't a lot of variety but worth shopping there anyway.
4	I love frys. it is where i do all my grocery shopping. they are always really friendly and its a place i can go and get out really fast. :)
4	Love this Fry's! Same quality products as other Fry's and Kroger stores but smaller store.Staff is friendly. I like the greeters! And Stella is super sweet and helpful at the self-checkout. She likes to chat. Anyway, this is my neighborhood store and it actually feels like a neighborhood store. Same associates, same managers, and they seem to recognize me too! I love buying deli meats and different cheeses at the fresh deli counter. And let's not forget the gas points! It's super cool when I earn $2 off per gallon. Don't freak out. 2000 gas points is easily attainable for a young family. I rarely spend $2000 to get to 2000 gas points. I buy the gift cards and get 2-4x the gas points! That's how I do it...Just today the produce section received a makeover! Very nice! Looks like a high end farmer's market in here! Produce is nicely arranged on cherry wood displays. Photo coming soon!This is my store.
3	It's Fry's.  Nothing special.  Not like the one on Tatum (which is very upscale).Good produce, good variety, reasonable prices.  What you expect from Fry's.
2	Best selection of food in the area. Sadly, the shitty customer service skills of your cashiers make it less than desirable to shop at.
2	Stopped to get gas, paid cash. The pump automatically starts going slow a dollar away from your end amount. VERY VERY SLOW. Like I could have read "War and Peace" while getting gas slow.
2	This place has really gone down hill lately. They self checkouts only work about half the time and if you go past about 9pm they are the only checkouts open. It's been so bad lately that I have been avoiding this Frys
1	Horrible experience two weeks ago on a Saturday!! I went in before 9 pm and the entrance by the produce had no carts available. I told a lady by the self checkouts, older with short brown hair who looked like a manager, that there weren't any carts around and when I walked to the other entrance they locked the doors to only keep one side open. She told me I would have to go out to the parking lot and find my own cart. I had to walk to the other side of the parking lot to get my cart and saw many other customers having to do the same thing. They were clearly open for business and I didn't see one employee my entire shopping visit. The self checkouts were all that was open and there was a long line. There was an employee who was in charge that had a "I'm in training" ribbon on his name tag. He was frantically running around to each self checkout to help people and check ID's for alcohol. After I checked out and walked away I noticed that my receipt didn't print. I asked him to help me and he told me to wait. The line continued to get longer and other customers were getting angry. After standing in the middle of the checkouts for 10 minutes I asked for a manager. None in sight. The phone at customer service was ringing off the hook and another female employee was yelling over to the man at checkout saying "I don't know how to answer the phones and I don't want to get in trouble." I walked over to her and asked for the manager and she said that she couldn't find him and he wasn't answering their pages. When he finally showed up and I asked him to reprint my receipt he said that wasn't possible. Now I was severely angry. He said if he took my information down MAYBE someone would call me in the morning but it was unlikely. Fry's clearly has VERY poor management on staff who #1. Have poor scheduling (why would anyone schedule the new person to be alone on a Saturday night?) #2. They are understaffed #3. The customer service from the manager named John was non existent. If the general manager isn't aware how terrible their store is being run into the ground they have a rude awakening. I would be shocked if I am the only customer who shared their absolutely horrifying experience from that night. Not only did I do personal shopping at this Fry's, I also shopped here for my business. I will now be taking my business elsewhere for both my own and my businesses sake. If I wanted crappy service I would have gone down the street to wal mart!
1	Really disappointed in this Fry's.I recently moved here and got my own apartment. I was grabbing a few groceries one night and as I went to check out I saw two of the cashier's talking back and forth, both of their numbers were lit and their cash registers were open. I walked up to one of them and placed some of my items down on the counter, the male cashier literally looked at me and said "Ugh.... really?" AS IF I WAS BOTHERING HIM FOR BEING A CUSTOMER. I was so frustrated. He asked me if I had a Fry's card, and I didn't, so I said "No, but do you know how I could get one?" and he looked at me, shook his head and scanned the store's copy. NEVER answering my question. He then rang me out and did not say a single word to me. No smiles, nothing. He acted as if I was not welcome to shop there.I was pissed. I will never visit this location ever again. The staff is distracted and rude to their customers, and being someone who's worked customer service for 3+ years, that's just unnecessary. I am NOT a rude customer, in fact, I know better than to be rude to any customer service employees. So, with that being said, I was appalled with how I was treated here.Never again.
