4	The exposed brick walls with polished metal surfaces convey that rustic elegance that defines La Champagnerie.  Gramophones, metal-pipe contraptions, and other strange objects interestingly showcase a vintage aspect, and contrast the rustic feel.With about 50 different flavours of bubbly, La Champagnerie will be satisfying a lot of taste buds.  Add the theatrical bottle sabering and you have a successful mix.  We sampled some sweet Spanish Cava and a drier Italian Prosecco on their own as well as in cocktails.La Champagnerie is bringing a new element to town: a big sparkling wine variety with some drama.  With a wide range of prices, you don't have to bust your wallet to have fun with bubbles.
1	Horrendously slow service on a night where the entire place was empty. The waiter served us a glass of champagne and our food, then we never saw him again until he was ready to leave for the night and wanted his tip. I watched our drinks sit on the bar for over ten minutes while the servers huddled around the cashier and chatted, oblivious to our presence. Finally, I had to get up and get it myself. For such a high end place serving pricey drinks, the service leaves an awful lot to be desired. 100$ for 4 drinks and two apps could have been better spent at many other establishments. Skip it.
5	We've been at la champagnerie a couple of times with my friends, the staff is very friendly and the place is perfect to taste different champagnes and eat delicious oysters !! Perfect for party during the weekend !!! U can also open your champagne bottles with a saber !
5	I got to open a bottle of Champagne with a sword!
4	This place is great! Went for drinks with a friend before dinner on a Thursday night. It was certainly not packed, but there were plenty of people around and the atmosphere was pleasant. Diverse crowd, some people in their 20s, 30s, 40s. Friends, dates, coworkers. I really enjoyed the vibe.We ordered champagne by the glass (they had a few options, with various price points available). Our waitress was very knowledgeable in making recommendations - can't remember exactly what we had (it's been a few days), but I thoroughly enjoyed her suggestions!If you're in the area (or if you like a good champagne), give it a try. Can't speak for the food, but the bubbly was definitely worth it! ;)
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! Drinks are good, food is also good. A bit expensive, but worth it in my opinion. Great location, good music, and a very pleasant atmosphere.
4	What a cool place. A great selection of bubbles and by the glass as well as cocktails. The cocktails were good, but not particularly original. The bartender was very knowledgable about the list but unfortunately for us there was an odd dude hitting on her seated right next to us so she started hanging out at the opposite side of the bar. Once he left, oh look! Suddenly she was back with attentive service. I enjoyed my usual gin fizz drink but it had a yummy addition of berry mix. Good DJ, nice atmosphere. Didn't try the food but the presentation looked cool. We watched two people do the sword opening trick. You get to add the cork to a wall behind the DJ. There was a ton of staff. Service was great.
4	Interesting place, very nice night out to celebrate a birthday. The only thing I wasn't a fan of is that we had a group of like 12 people, and we spent a lot of money, they kept telling us we would have to get bottle service if we wanted to keep the table. Luckily, they didn't need the table and they didn't happen. The food was delicious and small, so either don't go there hungry or order a lot of food. They also have a bunch of yummy cocktails, I can't remember what mine was called but it had star anise in it, was strong and did just the trick. Otherwise they have plenty of wines and sparkling wines/champagnes to choose from.
5	Fantastic meal. Perfectly cooked duck. And the ambiance is great.
4	I was definitely pleasantly surprised. i was expecting horrible food for way too much money. But it's quite the opposite. Don't get me wrong, the prices are up there but man are they good. Totally worth the money. And the drinks.... I'm not a champagne drinker but I cuddled with my dry martini's all night and they were faaaaaaantastic. Cost me an arm and a leg but SOOOOOO worth it!!!!
5	Great choice of champagne and bubbles, very pleasant and helpful service.I recommend this place to every champagne lover visiting Old Montreal - "Le plaisir commence ici' :).
5	My best friend brought me here to celebrate my birthday on a Wednesday evening - the ambiance was great, we were seated immediately sans reservation and the bubbles were 1/2 price!The staff was super helpful - our bus-boy brought over 2 different champagnes he thought we might like and poured us generous "samples" of each to try! Our waitress was equally pleasant and attentive. The food was DELICIOUS. Our only mistake was ordering the small charcuterie plate to share - get the bigger one, the cured meats, pickles and mustard are so delicious that you'll want more of them. I had the Shepard's pie for dinner and it was amazing - strips of bavette in a cheese and potato sauce....small but so rich that it was perfectly sized...and reasonably priced!I ordered the ice cream sandwich for dessert - it was huge! That item is definitely best shared...it was so delicious that I still managed to eat most of it though.I will certainly go back for 5a7 or quick dinner bites!
4	Just a review based on being there last night for a friend's birthday celebration. Lovely view of the Bonsecours market from the big front windows, valet parking, a cozy fancy red brick feeling inside punctuated by the occasional ceremonial lowering of the burlap, saber-wielding lesson, and the sound of bottles popping, people cheering. The music is fun, singalongable funky oldies, not trying too hard to be cool, and the crowd is a nice mix of ages all seeming joyful which is fun to be around. My friend arranged for some delicious meat and fig and cheese plates for us and I don't know what those cost but they sure were tasty. The champagne cocktail I ordered was $15 and good, but maybe not quite that good.
