5	Dr. Pancholi's office staff is very thorough, very knowledgeable, and always available (at least they seemed to be for me! Any time of day!)Dr. Pancholi did a fabulous job on my surgery and has been available for follow ups at my convenience and on my schedule. He is accommodating and thorough. I would recommend Dr. Pancholi and his office. I am very pleased and would return to Dr. Pancholi for future surgery needs.
5	i LOVE MY BOOBS! I had a great experience with Dr. Pancholi and he has done a great job with my breast augmentation. I already recommended him to another 2 friends of mine to have their surgeries with him.Regards,Ana Maria S
5	I had breast implants almost a year ago. I am suuuperrr happy with my results! My armpits incisions are almost invisible now and my breast look very very natural. I recommend him to my friends.
1	My consultation less than satisfactory! I waited more than an hour to finally meet the Dr. . I was not impressed with the fact that he would never confidently suggest what size would be appropriate for me! I got the feeling it was more of a fairly new start up office.  The Dr seems to be lacking the confidence and experience a plastic surgeon should have!!!!  I decided to go with the other  Dr I met with who was very experienced and confident & helped me choose the best size for me!!!
5	I would like to thank all of the staff,they were all very nice and always there to answer the million questions I had. They never made me feel like any question was a dumb question even though  they probably have answered  it time and time again. Dr Pancholi was great and gave me advice on my surgery considering everybody is different and he recommend what would be good for me. 7 months now from my breast augmentation and very happy with it.Thank you again Kara,Stephanie, Gina and especially to Dr Pancholi.
5	I'm 42 years old and decided on augmentation with a lift.. Don't know why I waited so long!! Dr.Pancholi was very professional with excellent bedside manners. He spent quite some time explaining different types of the procedure. I'm extremely happy with my results and recommend him to everyone. His office staff is also top notch...very helpful and really care about how your feeling.
5	I had my second breast augmentation done by Dr. Pancholi and I am in love with them. They came out so perfect that everyone thinks they are real. Minimal scaring and they are so soft (800cc). I can't thank him enough I was so unhappy and self conscious about my first set done by a doctor in San Diego. I can't wait to go back and get more procedures done.
5	My experience with dr Pancholi was amazing. His very professional and friendly staff made me feel so comfortable and I am extremely happy with the results of my surgery. I would definitely recommend dr Pancholi to my friends.
1	I am utterly disappointed and disgusted by the treatment Dr. Pancholi showed my wife after her botched surgery. My wife walked into Dr. Pancholi's office in 2011 with the decision to get breast enhancement. She had no self esteem or body issues, in fact she was pretty much topless all the time but she desired more fullness after baby and weight loss. She fell in love with Pacholi and company as they put her at ease and answered all her questions. In fact leading up to the surgery I don't have anything negative to say about them but this review is aimed at the follow-up. Almost immediately after the surgery swelling went down I noticed and my wife definitely noticed that her nipples were two different sizes and locations and the shape of her breast were not even close to symmetrical in fact her right breast looks like half of it is laying on glass. Part of her breast is flat and the rest round.  At her first follow up with Pancholi she addressed these issues and Pancholi reassured her it was part of the healing process and things would get better. Return in three months.  Three months later she returned, swelling was gone and addressed the same issues again.  Now my wife was wondering about the keyhole scars on her breasts. I guess it's important to add that my wife is a woman of color and so the protocol to prevent hyper pigmentation and keloid scarring was important to her.  Backing up in the initial consultation with Dr. Pancholi she asked him to show her photos of black women with breast augmentation and he side stepped the question.  My wife said she trusted him so she didn't bring it up after the initial consult.  Dr. Pancholi told her in the upcoming months he would change the nipple to look more uniform, the breast and the scarring.A year after surgery my wife stepped into Dr. Pancholi's office to get her nipple reshaped. He applied a general anesthesia and went to work.  My wife emerged from the office visibly shaken and cried in the car.  She said the pain was excruciating because the anesthesia he used wasn't enough.  She felt every cut and every suture.  It got to the point that she cried out in his office office and told him enough.  How could you and your nurse not notice your patient in obvious distress!!After that experience my wife was wary of Dr. Pancholi. In one of her final consults there I was allowed to go to her follow up examination and I asked Pancholi after he told us that her breast looked good. Mind you the scarring is horrendous and the right breast still has the flatness to it.  So I challenged him to place her breasts on his website. He went on to say that surgery isn't perfect and then I told him that he was not in the business of close enough or almost perfect.  He's supposed to deliver results, meaning the client needs to be happy.  I'm not talking about the MJ over surgeries,  I'm talking about obvious defects that need to be corrected. Dr. Pancholi's plan for the flatness/scarring was to do another surgery at our expense!! That was the final straw for me and my wife, not only did he screw up her body he doesn't have the natural decency to fix what was never right in the first place.  I'm sick over this because through out the entire experience leading up to this surgery did he tell my wife that she would be close enough to what she wants.  Her breast issues are still there, just more permanent. It's been nearly 4 years now and my once free spirited wife is embarrassed to show her breasts even to me. Dr. Pancholi butchered my wife and doesn't have the decency to just fix it.  I understand sometimes things don't always go as planned but we have a responsibility to try and correct it.  So that's my hope with this review. I want to educate potential clients to the horrible truth about Dr.Pancholi..paraphrasing him that day in the office as he tried to explain away all my wife's breasts issues. "Surgery is not perfect". So when he promises amazing breasts, nose, lips etc...remember surgery from Dr. Pancholi is not perfect. Think about that.
5	Great services Friendly people and always glad to help you!In recovery right now and they're turning out great so far!!!!
5	Its been  1 month after my surgery and I have to say I was very happy and pleased with Dr pancholi's work.  His staffs were very friendly.
5	So I started dating this girl I met on Tindr.  I wasnt really sure things were going to work out because she looked a little like Tucan Sam or the star of Fiddler On The Roof, but I really liked her personality.  So a few weeks into dating, she tells me she's been planning a rhinoplasty with Dr. Pancholi. I'm happy but worried that only one surgery wont be enough, I mean this girl brings a whole new meaning to RHINOplasty. So she finally goes in for the surgery and man was I surprised, INSTANT DISNEY PRINCESS! She is more confident, more assertive and more outgoing. She even went topless at burning man! Thanks Dr. Pancholi for saving our relationship, the only thing I need now is a mute button!
5	I went to Dr. Pancholi for breast augmentation and I absolutely LOVE him! They look amazing! (and I'm still only 7 weeks out). When I went in for my consultation with him he was so knowledgeable and answered questions I didn't even know I had. He made me feel so comfortable and his staff is so amazing and nice as well. Through every step leading up to surgery and recovery I felt as though Dr. Pancholi was there for anything I needed and I will absolutely recommend him to anyone and everyone. My whole experience is better than I could have imagined and my results are amazing. I am one happy patient thanks to Dr. Pancholi!
5	Note: This review is for the consult only. I went here for a BA consult and very much appreciated how everything went. The office is nice, stylish and high-end feeling - you almost forget it's basically a doctor's office. And that's not just the waiting room - the patient rooms themselves are also like that.The entire consult took about an hour. Imagine that, an hour! That seems to be rather lengthy in comparison to other plastic surgeons. And 45 mins of that hour was with Dr. Pancholi himself. He was very pleasant and incredibly patient with my endless questions and quoting of various studies and research I had read. He explained everything, took measurements, and gave his opinion. He even stayed and did the sizing part himself.In addition to the basic saline and silicone, he also offers form stable. He has a definite preference for the underarm incision and under the muscle approach. He doesn't really do textured aside from the form stable - so only smooth in the round saline and silicone. He was the most expensive of the surgeons I consulted. (The price I was quoted was $6,500. Now, of course, prices will vary based on what and when as there are many factors. But just throwing that out there to give others a sense of it.) His staff were very friendly and did a great job of answering questions and following up.
