5	www.arizonaministers.comI want to give PHILLIP & GWEN WARING  (wedding ministers) 100 million more stars!They were both amazing.  Phil Waring was our wedding minister, he came to our wedding at the Orange Tree Golf Resort-- he does most of his weddings on location, not really at his chapel.  Although, he can do them at his chapel, it's just pretty small.  But perfect for a 50 person wedding.  He truly made the ceremony absolutely beautiful and meaningful.  It was a non-denominational ceremony.  He can pretty much do whatever you want.The price is very reasonable.   We worked with Gwen too just firming up details etc. and she was wonderful as well-- we really enjoyed working with them and I HIGHLY recommend Phil Waring to officiate your wedding!   I keep hearing back from everyone how awesome the ceremony was-- how often does that happen?  Usually, wedding ceremonies are kinda boring.... it's the reception that's fun.But really, the best part of the wedding was the ceremony.  I could re-live that moment every day for the rest of my life.
5	We had the honor of having Gwen Waring officiate our wedding a couple of weeks ago, and she was simply amazing!  A couple months prior to the wedding, we met with her in her office to go over the details of the ceremony.  In this meeting, she took copious notes about what we did and did not want said/done during the ceremony (i.e. guests should not be asked to stand when bride begins to walk, no asking "who gives this woman to this man," omitting of the word "obey," no genderizing of God, etc.).  The ceremony began, and immediately I was at ease.  Gwen left out the things we didn't want, and beautifully wove in the things we did.  She has a very pleasant tone, a kind demeanor, and is just a very sweet person in general.  She is also EXTREMELY ARTICULATE.  I've been to other weddings, and the skill of the minister is so crucial to having a great ceremony.  Having Gwen officiate our ceremony was probably the best choice we made in ALL of our pre-wedding arrangements & consultations.  At the end of the day, the wedding is about the vows we take, not about the dress, the bridal party, or even the venue.  If you want the most important aspect of your wedding to be beautifully done and tailored to your specific needs/desires/beliefs, the best thing you can do is make an appointment with Gwen Waring.  She is nothing short of phenomenal!
5	Phil and Gwen Waring are amazing at what they do! They worked with me and my now husband to help make our day as special and beautiful as we knew it could be. I would highly recommend them to anyone... and already have!!! :-)
5	Phillip Waring is a wedding pro. When you're having your first (and only!) wedding, it's incredibly reassuring to be in the hands of someone who knows what he's doing and can gently guide you from step to step. And incredibly, even though he has probably officiated a ton of weddings, he is still incredibly sincere and joyous, and treats you like you are the most important couple in the world. He will customize the ceremony according to your wishes, guide you through it, make sure your pictures are great, and even turn in the license for you!
5	Great personality, great speaker, and down to hike to the top of a mountain at 5:00 am!  Phil Waring is awesome, humorous, easy going, and a kindred spirit.  He made our sunrise vow ceremony super memorable and everyone in attendance loved him.  Highly encourage anyone and everyone to use Arizona Ministers and Phil Waring for their wedding ceremony.  If marriage wasn't such a one time thing, I'd of course be a 2nd and 3rd time customer!  Thanks Phil :)
