5	The slogan for greenHUAS is "find a way to make Beauty necessary + then find a way to make Necessity beautiful"Their business card says they sell jewelry, accessories, art, furniture, and vintage.I really enjoy this eclectic little store.  They really do have a smattering of the wonderful things mentioned above without overdoing it.  if they don't have as much merchandise as some establishments, what they have is of quality.    The owners couldn't be more pleasant. They make you feel almost at home, which is interesting as their home is in the back of the building.  It's the kind of place that is worth it just to go in and find out what they have at any given time.  Two weeks ago, I saw a delightful yellow depression glass cup and saucer,  almost the same as I remember seeing in Waco, Texas, when I was a teenager. Don't ask me why but I couldn't stop think about it.  Twice i went by there but they were gone and the lights were off.   I made a special trip there tonight and again arrived after they closed.  They saw me at the window, smiled, and opened the door so I could come in.  That doesn't seem like a big thing but quite late after the hectic  First Friday crowds, who would want to do that?  The couldn't have been more gracious about it,  and all for only for a ten dollar sale!This is a store that will be easy on the mind to just go in for a browse at the end of a long day...or any other time.  Five stars for sure in my opinion.
5	Best shop on Roosevelt row! If you are looking for some amazing art or a new addition to your home, look no further than the greenHaus! The wonderful proprietors are warm and helpful and their shop is filled with amazing finds.
2	I had been here during First Friday in October and fell in love with the place. They have such an ecclectic mix of items which I absolutely love!Thinking my sister would also appreciate its originality as much as I did, I decided to take her today for her first ever First Friday experience. I was so excited to show her this place so imagine my disappointment when 2 of the sales people turned out to be total jerks. My sister was looking at old newspapers, trying to find one that she wanted to purchase and she made the mistake of setting one of the newspapers on top of a large iron sign that turned out to be "art". One of the salespeople very loudly (so that everyone in the store could hear) and very rudely proceeded to tell us not to set the newspaper on top of the iron sign and to not touch the newspapers. I get the point about not putting anything on what I guess was art but how are we supposed to find what we want if we can't look through a large stack of old newspapers?? My sister wasn't just pulling them from the rack, she was carefully handling each issue, knowing full well how fragile they were. What got me was how extremely rude the salesperson was! That was completely unnecessary.There were signs on certain items that the owners obviously did not want touched so if you didn't want us touching the stupid newspapers then put up a sign!! I've worked in customer service for 10 years and I've learned that a little customer service and respect goes a long way. I loved the items here but I have no desire of being treated like crap. After my experience here tonight I will never purchase anything here again.
4	Nice mix of carefully curated items, rather than one or two good finds amidst a bunch of junk.  Reasonably priced too.  Love the old marquee style sign on the side of the building.
5	This place is about as funky and cool as it looks on the outside. When driving on Roosevelt, I've always passed the GreenHaus and wondered what was inside. Yesterday, I decided to actually stop in to answer my question. Imagine this...an art gallery meets boutique meets an antique shop. It's a eclectic mix of all three and it's run by an incredibly interesting and artsy owner. I walked inside and was immediately greeted by the owner who was working on her latest idea, burning beautiful images into a piece of wood. You've got to see it to understand. She was friendly and gave me a quick background of the store. She's an artist and her goal is to salvage antiques and "broken" items and transform them into art. Her creative mind goes places most of our minds wouldn't even dare to. Don't expect her to reupholster an old chair. Instead, expect her to take that chair in its current state and create it into a piece of art that you will put up in our house. She not only makes her own items to sell but she also commissions her work out so if you have something you'd like transformed, stop in and she will come up with an idea! I browsed through the store and enjoyed looking in every nook and cranny. They have everything from interesting paper products (like post cards with beautiful sayings) and notebooks to door handles, old keys, type writers, home decor...you name it, they probably have it or can find it. Everything is pretty reasonably priced as well, but even if you aren't in the market for anything in particular, just stop in and simply look around. Your creative juices will start to flow and you will most definitely learn a thing or two about art. I didn't buy much, but left with two inspirational post cards and a small notebook to keep track of my crazy to-do list. I also may be coming back to have to owner work on a piece involving an old button collection I have. Stay tuned!
5	I can't believe it's taken me this long to write this review.  I absolutley love this place!! They have antiques, beautiful art, new things, cool things...  Every time we stop in, it looks a little different, but it always looks simultaneously artistic and inviting.  The owners, Cole and Dayna Reed, are welcoming, knowledgeable and just generally a ton of fun!My husband and I have picked up all kinds of neat things - to name a few, an awesome old phonograph,  an old lock with Ganesh carved into it, a bunch of tiny keys (they made a beautiful necklace for my sister)... I could go on...  Their wares vary in price and style - you can get something little (like a postcard or a piece of wood with an amazing tree carved into it) or something truly spectacular (like a piece of beautiful, eclectic furniture, handmade/restored by Cole).  The one consistent thing is that they are very reasonably priced and chosen with exquisite care.  It's like a store full of just the cool items from tons of other stores, combined.  They've won tons of awards, with good reason - stop in and you'll immediately see why.  As a matter of fact, I might just follow my own advice...there are so many things we'd love to take home.
5	LOVE this place, it's wonderful and unique. Prices are high, however it's an art boutique, so it's expected. I bought a wonderful print from a local artist being showcased here for a reasonable price. Supporting local art is very important to me, so if it is to you too, this is a great place to get some pieces. I also enjoyed the antiques mixed in among the paintings and prints. I will be back anytime I am in need of a cool unique piece of something!
