4	My first time going to a restaurant on opening night--honestly, I was skeptical. I think we always need to afford a bit of leeway to these new places that don't have everything fully figured out. Working out the kinks in the first couple weeks? Yeah, you get a break.Anyways, I went to Roast with a couple of friends. It reminded me a bit of Taylor Gourmet in DC (which is an AMAZING chain, btw). You go to the line, order your sandwich, then sit down and wait for it to be delivered. At the recommendation of numerous staff members, I got the brisket with pickled onions and a horseradish aoili (my words, not theirs). The brisket was excellent! Cooked perfectly, complemented wonderfully by the pickled onions and slight spice from the mayo. I thought that is was a little skimpy for $8--it only came with kettle chips (not made locally). Next time, I'll sub in one of the sides--probably the sweet potato fries. Regardless, the sandwich was great. Local meat, bread, and produce...my kind of semi-hipstery type stuff.The bar, though? WELL, as a total beer snob, this is where Roast really shined. Founder Breakfast Stout on tap was an absolute stunner--this is an amazing beer you're likely to not find anywhere else. The beer guy who picked their taps asked if I had any recommendations, and I suggested some pumpkin brews--which I hope they take under consideration. Highly amenable and friendly staff and bowls of pretzels, M&Ms and candy corn (you read that right) only made this experience more positive. Would I go back to Roast? Definitely...even if not for food. It's so nice to have a great beer bar on State that knows what it's doing. Next time, though? Definitely getting the sweet potato fries. Two thumbs up, says me...pretending to be Ebert and Roeper.Update: Oh! The cool thing about Roast--they're doing the menu ALL NIGHT until they close. So basically--the entire thing is available until 2am. That is...awesome.
5	Dropped in tonight to grab a quick pick-up sandwich.  I ordered the chicken francese.  It was prepared quickly and tasted great.  I'll update once I try it a few more times, but I figured that these guys deserved an early bump.Edit: Didn't realize I'd be updating so fast, but I've managed to eat at Roast three times in the last two days.  The sandwiches are really, really, really good and the service is quick.  If they can keep this up, they're going to have a big hit.    State Street dining definitely seems to be improving and Roast is a welcome addition.
5	The sandwiches, the service, and the concept are all great.  If they can keep this up they are going to do very, very well.Edit: So I think I owe it to the fantastic guys at Roast to expand on my review and explain exactly why this place is going to do so well.  In no particular order, here's what makes Roast a fantastic addition to State Street.1. The IngredientsApparently, most of the stuff is locally sourced.  Personally, I don't care if they fly it in by zeppelin from Timbuktu, the important thing is that the food they are serving is fresh and high quality.  And the bread... oh, God, the bread.  Let's just say it's good.2. The SandwichesEvery single sandwich is brilliantly designed on a conceptual level.  They're all based on traditional favorites, but most have a slight twist that really brings it home.  All the ingredients make sense; none is randomly chosen.    And where lesser restauranteurs might slap all their sandwiches on the same roll, that's not the case here.  Each is perfectly paired with the right bread for the job.  Also, I have to mention the absolutely ingenious decision to include a layer of lightly friend cheddar mashed potatoes on the turkey with cranberry-jalapeno relish special last week.  Brilliant!3. The atmosphere. They've really done a nice job reshaping the Buffalo Wild WIngs Space.  It's more open than it has been, the color schemes are great, and the whole space is inviting.  Definitely check out the basement (you might not even realize it's there)-- it's a really fantastic lounge area with a ping-pong table.  It's awesome.4. The service It's incredibly consistent, especially for such a new place.  I stopped in last week and the place was packed with drunken undergrads and yet I still managed to get in and out in a few minutes with my takeout order.  It seems like they can prepare a whole order in the amount of time it takes Hawks to spoon out a bowl of chili.5. The OwnersThese guys really deserve a round of applause.  They're all young guys, they're all taking a big risk, and they are all working their butts off. To top it off, they're all incredibly nice and sincere.   These guys aren't playing at being restauranteurs-- they've thought long and hard, come up with a really great concept, and are doing everything they possibly could to make it succeed.  State Street is lined with restaurants that are poorly conceived, poorly-run, badly-valued etc. etc. and yet somehow still manage to stay open.  WIth the addition of Roast, the bar has truly risen.Thanks for bringing your incredible work to Madison, guys.  I really think you're going to make a well-deserved mint off this place.
5	Great food. Great vibes.  Definitely check this place out.
5	Awesome experience.  Was in with a group of 8 from New York from Homecoming and this place couldn't have been a more perfect fit.  Went for dinner on Friday night  and then came back during Freakfest.  The food was great.  I had the meatball sandwich but as a group we sampled a bunch of things.  Mac and Cheese side is a must. Drinks also really good.  Get the Farley - trust me.  The entire staff couldn't be nicer.  Chef came out and is incredibly passionate about his food.  Doug, the co-owner, was incredibly friendly and helpful.  This place is a perfect addition to State Street.  We'll be back.Jason
5	Roast is a new spot to State St., taking the old Buffalo Wild Wings' location. I had only heard good things about the place, so I decided to give it a shot. I went with the Turkey Spinach Dip Panini, and it was amazing. I had a couple friends who went with the Brisket, and they only had good things to say. The service was great as well, they offer a really simple order at the counter - sit down - have your meal delivered system that makes it really easy on the customer. Everything else aside, they have something no other place in the area does; ping pong. That's right, they have a ping pong table in the basement. Coming from a diehard fan of the sport, this aspect completely sold me. No doubt I'll be back just to play a little ping pong, and can't wait to try the other stuff on the menu.
3	"Coopers meets Frat House".   The food was good, but service was lacking.  Not really clear whether there's wait service or whether you're supposed to go to the counter and just pay there. It would be nice if someone came to greet you as you arrived. I didn't get the feeling that any of the staff had worked in the service industry before- they all looked like 'someone's girlfriend' filling a shift.  One side of the pub looks like a cosy, sophisticated brick house brasserie, the other side looks like a student's bedroom wall- goodness knows what goes on in the basement where the ping pong table is...  While the food was tasty, the young staff should work on their interactions with the customers, engaging with them more to make us feel more welcome.  That being said, I'd come back for another sandwich if walking along state st.
4	To whom it may concern: They do not serve sugar-free red bull.And while the above statement doesn't affect me in any capacity. I took great pleasure in hearing it repeated over and over and over again by the bartenders of Roast, as they hurriedly worked to serve alcoholic beverages (and one hell of a fry basket) to bar full of patrons while surrounded by walls covered in a masterfully compiled craft beer list... for a college bar, that is. It was in this moment that I finally came to appreciate the phrase, 'with age comes wisdom'. I was older than everyone in this bar and for one of the first times in recent years, I was okay with being the grandma of the bar scene as I sipped my tastefully brewed draft beer amongst the stacks of Bud light left on the tables and otherwise tasteful and trendy decor.Now, I told myself I wasn't going to review any of the bars I went to during Freakfest, but Roast managed to avoid the holiday hell and promote themselves in a way that seemed like it was fairly representative of what a normal night out here would be, and I appreciated the heck out of it.Of all the many bars and businesses we went to that evening, Roast was the only one you'd find me patronizing on my own volition on a regular day... plus, (as mentioned earlier) basket-o-fries. Yes. Count me in and count me in balls deep. Fry me.
4	Oh man, this place is deeeeeeeeelicious!I went traditional and got the roast beef sandwich with mozz, grilled onion jam, brown gravy, and fries on top. The onion jam is so tasty. I really love the concept of this place, and I hope they continue to do well. Boy got a pork belly reuben and found the bread to be a bit too greasy, but he agreed that I ordered better. Sweet potato fries and regular fries are standard Sodexho fare, but the chips that come with the sammies are quite good. I'm sure we'll be back!
5	Roast Public House seems to set the bar for inventive sandwiches and food in Madison. The meats they use are house roasted and I like the wide variety of bread choices from @Madison Sour Dough. They staff there is very friendly and the vast selection of draft beer makes it a easy choice for a quick dinner. I would highly recommend.
4	Ohhh how I wish Roast wasn't nestled into the heart of college stuff. Because other than the location, I loved it! The name, ambiance and superb (read: incredible!) beer selection on tap and in bottle are a tad more sophisticated than your usual campus sandwich shop. But it works! Sometimes I want all that without getting fancy and spending a ton.Also, from my one experience, I didn't get any of the "new restaurant vibe" that most spankin'-new places emit like toxic radiation. This crew already seemed to have a good handle on their sandwiches and beers.If you'd like a casual but delicious dinner and a glorious craft beer on tap (i.e. New Belgium, Three Floyds, Founders), ignore your instincts and head out to State Street.
5	Oooh, I love Roast Public House! A sweet spot, a little hard to find in the middle of State Street, but maybe that's why it's so cool...most tables were full but not packed and it wasn't loud at all. I liked the vibe...not commercial at all and a little bit of a cozy feel, but spacious.My friend and I sat at the bar. The bartenders were awesome, super nice, and attentive. They even gave us Hershey kisses after our meal! My Roasted Eggplant Napoleon sandwich was delish! My friend had the daily special sandwich which included pulled pork with some sort of bruschetta topping. She loved it! Prices are reasonable, sandwiches are big and filling, and they have daily drink specials. We got a pitcher of New Belgium seasonal beer for $9!!!Roast has a downstairs area with ping pong, darts, and a large TV. Plenty of TVs upstairs for game watching as well. I can't wait to go back!
4	It's been a long time since I've felt compelled to write a Yelp review, but I felt like more folks should know what a fantastic meal I experienced at Roast. Probably would be a five star review but for one minor detail; we (my daughter and I) were somewhat unsure of what to do with ourselves when we walked in & it took a few minutes to figure out that we should go to the back of the space to order at a counter.  Some signage, or someone letting us know, would've been great.  But all in all, who cares- everything else was remarkable.  Love the interior- brick walls, hardwood tables, terrazzo floors, and cool vintage maps. Sorry, Roast- I had low expectations.  That far down State Street I worried I'd be wandering into a raucous college bar with food as an afterthought.  Even though the Pearl Jam in the background gave me slight pause, I am happy to say I was 100% wrong.  The menu was tantalizing.  Literally everything on there sounded creative and delicious- and still somehow cheap! All $8 or less. I was particularly intrigued by the pork shoulder/cherry pepper gravy sandwich and the "Gialla Rosa" (free range turkey, jalapeno cranberry relish, and brie... mmm) Since I don't eat wheat, I figured I'd be relegated to a salad- not to worry, there were many options.  My daughter and I ordered- she got a Boylan soda and one of the specials of the day (a guacamole burger) and I got a diet Coke and the Asian Chicken Salad.  We sat down and our food came out in less than ten minutes.  The server was friendly and prepared- he had napkins at the ready before I even asked for extra napkins- and the food looked and smelled great. My salad was enormous, beautifully plated and colorful.  Best of all, it was composed perfectly.  Equal parts Napa cabbage and romaine, with loads of fresh chopped bok choy.  Plus purple cabbage, shredded carrots, lots of pea pods and red pepper, cucumbers, and cilantro.  On top was an obviously freshly grilled chicken breast, still slightly warm, seasoned well and cooked perfectly- neither rubbery nor dry.  The dressing was a zippy peanut/sesame vinaigrette served on the side.  I could not believe the flavor and freshness of this salad.  It surpassed any salad I've had at fancier establishments up on the square in portion size, amount of veggies, and taste- and it was only  eight bucks. Meanwhile, my daughter was enjoying and devouring her burger, which came on a clearly homemade brioche bun, with shredded lettuce, a generous slather of what looked (and tasted) to be just-made guac, and a perfectly balanced chipotle aioli.  I cannot forget to mention the bacon- two huge slices in an X across the burger, thick cut, smoked, and cooked just right.  I was able to steal two bites of the bacon and if they're not using local bacon, it's definitely a higher-end bacon.   She had a side of their house hand cut fries, which were also wonderful, looked like the frites at jacs or Brasserie V but tasted even better- and not greasy! $2.50 for a side of these is a freaking steal.  All in all, I want to give these guys kudos and hope they do well.  I used to work on the square and had lunch at the restaurants near my office all the time (Merchant, Graze, Marigold, Coopers, etc.) and what Roast is accomplishing regarding sandwiches/salad seems a notch well above any of those offerings; if I worked downtown now, those other places would be a distant second choice.
4	Delicious food with local ingredients. If you like restaurants that use local ingredients, Roast is more accessible than, say, Harvest. That said, their prices are a little steep. I had the sandwich special with beef mushroom soup and it was $11. The soup was awesome!They have a decent selection of beers on tap as well as a ton in bottles. I would go here to grab a beer and an appetizer again or maybe a bowl of soup. It is not going to become a regular stop for me, but it was a nice first-time visit.
5	This was a surprising find on State St. I had heard that it was good but when the food came out I fell in love with my sandwich and our waiters beer pairing suggestions for our food was spot on.  The service was great, the bartenders friendly and I cannot stop raving about the food.
4	I have to agree with just about all the other reviews here - great food, great beer list, but not 5 stars as a little help with how the whole place works would be nice.  Better signage maybe?  Anyway, we had a turkey sandwich with brie and a cranberry relish (I think), fries, and a salad.  It was all excellent, including the fries, and the salad had a nice variety of fresh greens with dressing on the side as requested.  Overall I'll go back, although it'd be nice to have one tab - food and beer all together - instead of ordering food and then turning around to the bar and ordering beer.
4	A great new place on state street to check out.  The owner and bartenders were friendly and happy to talk about the establishment.  We just had drinks but the food looks and sounds bomb.  Great place for after studying/work cocktails for graduate students.
4	Yup, this is a good sandwich place.It's fast, it's fun, it's delish.  I came for lunch and ordered the turkey panini with spinach artichoke spread...twice.  Different times of course!  The turkey is roasted and thick, so much spinach and artichoke deliciousness it was hugged together by two slices of crusty, and the perfect amount of "chewiness" bread.  House made chips are the bomb!  The chips are thicker than normal chips, and pack a ton of punch and crunch to them.  Oh yes.  I want to come back later in the day to try out their beer selection!  Can't wait to try that.
3	Came in here for lunch the other day. I'm a fan of the concept: coffee bar, beer bar, local food, sandwiches, salads, etc. I got a soup/salad combo and really liked both although the sizes were a little weird. Tiny bowl of soup, huge side salad. Makes me wonder how enormous a regular size salad is.Anyway, the only reason I'm rating this place a three is because of its location. If it wasn't right on State St, I would probably be a repeat customer for sure. But because it's ten feet from campus, it's filled with a very high concentration of bros and dudes and sorority girls. No offense to any of them, it's just not the vibe I'm usually looking for when I want to sit down for a meal.
4	This is a good place to meet up with friends, have a few drinks, and eat some decent food. We had the Sriracha Lime Wings and the Sweet Potato Crusted Chicken Tenders. Both were good. The Sriracha Aoli dipping sauce for the tenders was good.I tried a friend's fries and they were really good (twice-fried).This is not a craft cocktail gastropub as I initially suspected from the website. The tap list is good and there's a decent selection of booze but the college-crowd probably doesn't demand more than a Jack & Coke, so the bartender we had was not phenomenal. I had two Manhattans and they tasted very different. Also, the beer pours were all short (like almost a full inch short of the rim of the glass).  Still, a comfortable atmosphere and a step above most of the dive bars on and near State Street.
5	Excellent food with a pleasant atmosphere.  For lunch it's a winner.  I have not experienced this place after dark.
5	I have to confess something... I hate eating on State St.There. I said it. I feel better. I don't know what it is, I really don't. Maybe it's because when I moved here so many people warned me that it's a bit of a dump, overloaded with college chains and suggested I avoid it?Whatever the case may be it's really hard to get me excited about anything over there... except Roast. It's a little weird that you have to walk to the end of the restaurant to order, but if you can get over some of the structural things (and get over them, they just won't change) it's  amazingly good. I've worked my way through the menu and can safely say everything I've eaten has rocked... the crispy buffalo chicken wrap topping the list. Whatever you decide to get, add the sweet potato fries - they're some of the best I've eaten in Madison; hot, crispy, and deliciously fluffy on the inside. And the bbq sauce they're served with?! Don't even get me started, I would drink it if I thought nobody would look at me and judge. Only flaw? What's with the lack of locals on tap dudes? There are some solid Midwestern beers but when it comes to the Madison specific options, there aren't many. Wah, wah.
5	Thank You Yelp for helping me discover this hidden GEM that I will secretly refer to as ROAST House of perfectly crafted sandwiches. On my day off, I headed down to state street to give it a try. I ordered the CAP WHITE HOUSE Roast Beef Sandwich. The thing was the size of a softball and probably weighed about a pound and a half. Roast Beef, Cheese, Caramelized Onions, All on a perfectly toasted hoagie. I Tried the sweet potato fries which were out of this world. This place is a must try. I would encourage you to wear some pants that will stretch a little!
3	I love the atmosphere. If they had free wifi, I could totally see myself camping out in a corner of the dining area for an afternoon.As a first-timer to RPH, I ordered the giambotta but chose not to switch out the side of chips. The meat was well-cooked, but it definitely did not constitute what I'd typically consider pulled pork...this was the first disappointment. Second, it was WAY, WAY too salty for my taste, and I'm not usually very sensitive to sodium. Blech. I had half my sandwich and I couldn't have anymore (it wasn't because I was full, it was because I could feel my taste buds shriveling..). Thus, RPH lands a mere three stars in my book. I'm not willing to discount it just yet because of all the other rave reviews..but I'm sorry to say that RPH did not live up to the hype! I think I'll give RPH another go at a later date. I'm really hoping that another sandwich (or the sweet potato fries?!?!) will redeem the giambotta. Crossing my fingers!
5	I had the ham sandwich a few months ago and mouth is watering just thinking about it.  I am mad at myself for not making it back here yet.  The ham was AMAZING and full of flavor.  I savored every bite I took.  I think it took me like 30 minutes to eat this sandwhich simply because I didn't want to take my last bite.  Congrats to these young guys who started this place. They had a quite a few tv's.  We were there in a big group to watch the Big 10 championship place.  I would definitely go there to watch a game again.  Get there early though for tables.  The bar and other tables were filled with college kids but the place is probably more meant for them (location on state st and owned by 2 recent college grads) so it was nice of them to "share it" with us 25-35 year olds.
1	They charged 21 dollars for a pitcher of flat Guinness. The food is not bad but I will not be coming back.
3	I have to deduct a star. This shouldn't take away from the excellent beer or food selection.Roast on a weekend--I know that State Street is filled with a ton of loud, annoying brobag undergrads, but Roast? Come on.Hey, Roast: Did you really need to turn the music up to ear-splitting levels? Did you really need to serve the craft beer I ordered in a plastic cup? Why is a White Russian one of the saved favorite cocktails?!Seriously...Friday night at Roast? Awful. Plastic cups for craft beer? Awful. Loud music? Awful.Roast: You aren't Whiskey River (or whatever it's called now). You're better than that. A lot better. Stop it. Stop it now!
2	My low rating is not due to the food, which everyone in my party considered to be decent, but the poor etiquette of the management.  One of my friends has a critical dairy allergy, and when he asked the manager how they prepared their mayonnaise, the manager replied "do I look like the ****ing cook to you, buddy?"  Then he left in a huff.  Whether he was having a poor day, I can't say, but this is no way to treat customers.
4	Roast is a great addition to Madison's ever growing food scene.  Good sandwiches are sort of lacking in the city, so Roast helps fill some of that void.   First off, it was a difficult decision on what to order!  Roast offers probably over 15 different sandwiches, all of which looked delicious on paper.  I finally opted for the white cap roast beef - a roast beef sandwich served on a quality baguette and topped with caramelized onions and mozzarella cheese.  The beef is also drenched in its own drippings.  Overall, I was a pleased customer, as the combo of the items complimented each other well.  The meat was, however, slightly overcooked.  All sandwiches include chips, but I paid an extra $1 for a huge serving of their hand cut fries.  The fries were super good, hot (which means fresh), and included a side of a Siracha lime aioli.  Generally, sandwiches run from $8-10.Didn't get to slam a beer down since I had a lot of obligations.  Showing up to a meeting with my faculty from my department with the Asian flush would given them cause to revoke my diploma.  However, they do seem to have a large selection of beers.  I'll have to return at a later time!
3	This is a very cool new bar and restaurant.  The atmosphere is fantastic, but I can't recommend the food.  On our first visit, we got the giambotta: the pork was very salty, and the chimichurri was even saltier. Worse, I kept pulling out unchewable pieces of gristle--AWKWARD!  We decided to give it another try, but the second time was not the charm. The chicken parmigiana sandwich my sister tried was overcooked and REALLY dry, the sugary sauce tasted like it came out of a jar, and the Mac and cheese side was soupy. Based on a previous review, I had the build-your-own ham and cheese, which was nothing special. Yawn.  Again, great atmosphere and beer selection, but we will not be ordering food here again.
1	Not sure what you all are thinking...just went to Roast and while the outside looked nice, it was pretty grungy inside (tables with layers of grease etc). Good beer selection, but hard to get one, because the staff were checking in with each other about how high they currently were. I was served food without cutlery or napkin. After I asked, the guy repeated the same delivery to the person next to me. Is a fork so much to ask, guys?  Food was really oily and chips tasted many days old. They must have fixed the salt issue, but I found the food not salty enough. I fear that I might have food poisoning.
4	great sandwiches. Fun location on State St. stack up the sandwich with all the meats and cheeses!
2	You order at a counter and that is just weird.  The sandwich was mediocre, but the Mac and Cheese was good.  I probably will not be back.
4	There are a couple sandwich places on the campus end of State Street (Potbelly's, Subway, Jimmy John's) but you would be amiss to choose a chain over Roast. Roast has a fairly extensive list of sandwiches as well as some tasty sides to round out the meal. I highly recommend the buffalo chicken wrap, which has a bit of a kick to it. We also tried the mac and cheese (very creamy) and the sweet potato fries (absolutely must order). We did not enjoy the dixie sandwich - the meat tasted a bit too much like soy sauce. You order at the counter - something I actually like - and then a server will bring out your food. I do think the sandwiches are a bit pricey considering the atmosphere and food presentation. You end up paying a couple extra bucks for some of the sides like sweet potato fries, mac and cheese, regular fries, or soup/salad. The default side is chips. I recommend stopping by Roast for lunch or dinner if you're on the campus end of State Street. It joins Mediterranean Cafe and Sunroom Cafe as one of my favorite lunch spots in the area.
4	We stopped in this place on a Saturday and saw that you order at the counter, so we grabbed a couple of menus and started deciding on what we wanted.  While we were looking, an employee stopped by to ask if we had been there before and if we knew how it worked.  Appreciated that he made sure we knew what we were doing, instead of letting us fumble blindly through the experience.  I ordered the Jersey Joe - turkey, roast beef, Swiss and coleslaw on a marble rye with a Russian dressing/sauce on the side.  My partner got the Cuban.  Sandwiches come with chips and we ordered a side of fries to share.  The sandwiches were HUGE and great!  They were both piled high with meat, and the meat was tender and delicious!  The fries were not for me, they were the hand cut type, but I am more a fan of the McDonald's french fry...crisp and golden.  Just personal preference, and I always try to sample the fries where we eat.  They have a huge beer selection, and surprisingly, some of the best iced tea I have had in a long time!  We will definitely go back and try another sandwich, since there are many to choose from.  There are also salads and some appetizers.  The staff were all friendly and efficient, no complaints there.  Great place to grab lunch if you are on State St.
1	who is writing the majority of these reviews? hungover college kids?i don't get it. sure, this place was nice looking enough. nice enough to entice us to sit outside at their tables and try it out. the waiter came up fast and got us our drinks. we took a look at the menu and were like little kids on christmas. everything on PAPER sounded like the most delicious food EVER.we got three different meals. the crispy chicken caesar wrap, the giambotta, and the chicken francese.wait time wasn't too long for the food to come out. enough time to finish your first beer or two. after taking a close look at the food that came out, i kind of lost my appetite. the "pork shoulder" meat on my giambotta was pretty much pure fat strips....they were not edible and tasted like perfume half the time. i kept trying to make it work with my tastebuds, but could hardly swallow a bite without wanting to spit it out. the meat was AWFUL. the rest of the stuff on the sandwich did nothing to compliment it.my sister and i traded half of our sandwiches with each other right when we got our plates and she ended up giving mine BACK to me. i don't blame her. i left almost the whole sandwich untouched. fries were ok- but annoying to have to pay a $1 extra to avoid the cheap kettle chips. KETTLE CHIPS, GAWD. i really feel like i'm going to get sick from that sandwich later.....the chicken francese was also gross. the spinach was wilted, stringy, and soft. didn't compliment the weird looking chicken chunk they put on the sandwich. weird breading and cheap chicken. it had way too many flavors going on in the sandwich that didn't compliment each other. the chicken ceasar wrap really had no ceasar dressing on it..and once again- the overly seasoned breading on the weird thin cheap chicken didn't help.SIGH. i'm not a bitter diner. really.  if a place is good- i have no problem admitting to it. but when you order THREE different entrees and they're ALL REALLY BAD, i can't help but wonder what there is to like about this place?
1	Clumsy ordering system with no help from hip hop wait staff only to receive dry, burnt food. Pass.
3	This place was great, definitely worth checking out on a game day or hitting up if one of the nicer places downtown has a long wait.I went for brunch with a friend on a Sunday to catch the beginning of some NFL games. The space is bright and open, but lacking in some areas that could easily be improved. The bar: impeccable. The awkward space between the bar and dining room that has random wires/storage sticking out: not so much.As far as drinks/brews go, they had a pretty nice selection and I enjoyed the Oberon I got. My friend got a Bloody Mary, which he said was also pretty good.The selection of breakfast items was a bit weak, as it seemed most of them were just different combinations of the same 5 items, but my egg sandwich with avocado was really good when it came out. I was impressed that they had the veggie options they did with a name like "Roast."I would definitely go back but wouldn't put it high on the list. Fun for a quick lunch or dinner before hitting the town.
3	Always trust the "Yelp Loves Us" sticker. I stumbled in this place after wondering around Madison and not being able to make a choice on food. If it wasn't for the Yelp sticker I would have walked right by it. This place is a true college spot. Most of the people were outside on the patio since it was a really pretty day. You have to order inside, and I was too exhausted to move after I sat at the bar.  Solid move!The bartender was kind of precious, so he gets 5 stars all on his own. He plugged in my iPhone behind the bar, and had good sandwich and beer advice (Get the Octoberfest). I ended up with some roast beef sandwich bigger than me and my appetite. It was good, and my only complaint is they didn't heat the meat long enough.Anyway stop in and trust me, or Yelp, or, the precious bartender that understands the need to recharge your device.
2	I honestly wasn't that impressed- I had high hopes after seeing everyone loving on some of my favorites: buffalo chicken and sweet potato fries. The wrap was nothing special, and they brought me regular fries. The wait time was incredibly long and the guy waiting on us (we sat at the bar) could barely take his attention away from the drunk coeds sitting a few seats down long enough to get our order. Overall disappointing food and service, but the Spotted Cow was delicious!
2	The roast beef was bland and boring. It took a long time. Didn't love the ambience.I always get a little annoyed when I see someone review a fancy restaurant (that I love) and criticize them for their $20 hamburger, so perhaps I should be a little kinder here given what might be appropriate expectations - but honestly I expected something...more.
2	I want to preface this with the "I've only been there once" statement. Unfortunately, it didn't live up to what I had hoped and dreamed it would be. After a month long strict paleo diet, I dove into the grilled cheese with bacon & tomato. It was simple. Not inedible but nothing to rave about. (I heart raving about food.) My co-workers were equally "ok'd". I'll give it another try but I won't go out of my way. (As a note, I had a side salad for my side and it too, was nothing spectacular.) I think I just expect too much in Madison.
3	Seeing another recent review for RPH reminded me that I haven't done my part to share my experiences here. I've been here three times; most recently on 11/20.Quick note: they've moved to the other side of State Street. Nearly the same location, just on the opposite side of the street.+ Love the new space - exposed brick, wood, very urban feeling- Sound system was out-of-sync... all of the music "echoed" because the TV volume wasn't matched to the house sound system; there was just enough delay between the two to be annoying+ Decent tap selection; nice representation and good variety+ Serve yourself water from a huge stainless milking canister; pitchers of ice available+ Some great happy hour/daily specials ($8 pitchers of Spotted Cow?)+ Friendly service; folks have always been welcoming and helpful- Sandwiches are a bit of a miss for me. - I'm not a huge fan of dressing/mayo/aioli/etc, so I may be missing out on the whole experience- Sammies are a bit bread-heavy/crusty (at least the 2 that I had were)+ Chips = yummyAll things considered, it's a nice place that offers a great, local alternative dining/drinking option. I'll be back.
4	This place is WITH-OUT-A-DOUBT my favorite place to grab a bite on State. While I'll lean towards other places for a more formal dinner (i.e. when my parents come into town), I can't think of a place I'd rather go to with my friends on a Saturday afternoon. The list of sandwiches is just right: not too short, not too long. I never have trouble deciding what I want. Roast takes classic flavors and elevates them just a touch without added pretentiousness. My favorites on the menu include the California Avocado and the sweet potato fries with Sriracha-lime sauce (obviously). If I'm feeling like going a little healthy...I'll grab a side salad. The sweet balsamic vinaigrette is to-die. I'll even ask for a little extra to dip my sandwich in.Overall, it's a great establishment and an excellent addition to the area. The only reason that it doesn't get 5 stars is because it's a little pricey and service up front and at the table tends to be abysmal when it's busy.
4	If you are looking to take that special guy friend on a man date, this is the place! Solid taps and specials? Check. Variety of gourmet sandwiches? Check. Intimate but not romantic atmosphere? Check. Rhetorical questions? Check. Are you are looking for a new restaurant on state to explore? Try Roast and let your bromance flourish.
3	My sweet potato fries weren't all that good. Maybe because the expextation was too high from the previous reviews. BBQ pork in the BBQ pork sandwich was dry. My cajun brisket was pretty decent. Mac and cheese was okay. Nothing outstanding.
1	Horrible service. Manager is a jerk. Not willing to cater to dietary restrictions. Would not go back nor do I recommend anyone go here. Food mediocre.
3	Super loud, pretty dirty, and overstressed servers make for a pretty unwelcoming experience.   The sandwiches look pretty good, but I wanted some cheese curd and was disappointed there was none to be found.  They have a respectable number of beers on tap emphasizing microbreweries and local favs which was nice.  Otherwise I don't see much reason to return to Roast Public House.
2	I was extremely disappointed in Roast. Being a big fan of unique and specialty sandwiches, I had high hopes for Roast. I ordered their Cajun Brisket sandwich, which was $10.50. I thought a sandwich for $10.50 was pretty expensive, but figured it would be a decently sized portion and would be of high quality.I was wrong on both accounts. There was probably 4 ounces of brisket and some slaw on a normal sized pretzel bun. The meat wasn't tough or anything, it just didn't really stand out in any way, nor did the sandwich as a whole. Very frustrating, given that I wanted to like this place.
2	Food was underwhelming and a bit overpriced. Ambience and service were OK. It's possibly the nicest "creative pub food" place on State Street and as another reviewer points out -- a good man-date level of decor.Fries, sweet potato fries, and aoili were very good but sandwiches were generally blah.I had the Bucky Burger ($11 w/ fries). It was pretty small and didn't come with any fixings aside from a really blah pickle spear on the side -- it was just the burger, sauce, slice of cheese, bit of beef brisket on top, and bun (the bun was very good). The patty was too densely packed and came well-done (i.e., they don't come medium or medium rare nor did they ask how I wanted my burger). Were the burgers pre-made? They source most of their meats from Black Earth -- generally a good sign because other delicious places in town do, too.The place was bit nicer than Dotty's Dumpling Dowry but the food definitely didn't compare. A decent place for a meal if you want a place to have a conversation. The more artisinal, original sandwiches that my friends ordered seemed interesting but I figured it'd be easier to judge the merits of this place on its burger.It's kind of "seat yourself" with a bar, long row of bar-stool tables and a few booths.
4	This is one of my go to places for business lunches on state street. Fairly standard pub and BBQ fare with a gourmet twist. The prices are slightly higher however and the quality of service has been variable. Overall, I recommend. Really good soups in the winter.
4	This is an excellent spot for sunday brunch, since it's not as packed as some of the other places downtown. It is highly affordable and you can't go wrong with ordering either breakfast or a pulled pork sandwich! The wraps are also excellent.
1	There are reviews about the bar and about the food, this one is about the food at lunch time.  I had the signature Roast Dip sandwich with homemade chips and a pickle.  The bread for the sandwich was stale, the beef in the sandwich was OK, the dip, well, the dip was not dip, it was THICK beef soup.  There is no way this dip can be described as any sort of dip for a roast beef sandwich, again, it was THICK goo.  The pickle was withered and dry, the chips were OK, but I could taste the burnt oil a little.  The service, what service?  I was told to seat myself, the waitress took the order, somebody else served the order, after I was done I waited a while and the finally got the check.  So, all the waitress did was take the order and give me a check.Great Dane, Hawks, you name it, they all have better bar food!  Not going back!Oh, and it smelled of Lysol.
5	Obviously I love this place; great quality food and an absolutely incredible tap list... what's not to love?
4	Roast has a great variety of delicious sandwiches and wraps. Every sandwich I've tried has been very good.  The sauces are also very good...zesty lime aioli, imperial stout BBQ...YUM.  The sweet potato fries are awesome.  They are a thicker cut fry with a crispy outside and a soft inside. I would definitely recommend.The service is OK, but not great.  I've had better luck with service when I sit at the bar, so I tend to grab a seat at the bar.
2	Was not pleased.  Been there three times.  I wasn't expecting much since it's Madison on a saturday night.  On a slow weekday afternoon the service was slow because the bartenders were talking to each other instead of the customers.  They used homophobic slurs.  It seemed like the guy hired all his frat buddies to work the place.  I try to steer people away from there.
4	Grilled cheese with avocado. Awesome. Service was fine. My glass was always full. Only complaint would be I sat at the bar and wouldn't have minded chatting a little but the server didn't seem to feel the same way. Otherwise friendly environment.
3	Came here twice. I ordered mac n cheese on both occasions and they're either a hit or miss. One day they're flavorful with an assortment of melted cheeses, the next, they're goopy and severely under seasoned.  I tried their roast beef tip sandwich. Wasn't a big fan at all. Their bread is just way too thick and hard when toasted. The roast beef tasted like plain ol' warmed up deli beef. If you're going to order anything, order their wings. They're delicious - especially their maple sriracha sauce. It has the right balance of heat!
5	Roast has a nice variety of sandwiches, wraps, burgers, and salads. I have been here on several occasions and haven't had a bad meal yet! Great food! Great service! And a cool atmosphere. I would recommend the sweet potato fries and the shiracha lime aioli is a must! Can't go wrong with the Mac n cz!Grateful red, California avocado, and white cap roast beef for sandwiches Avocado corn salsa burgerSouthwest chicken salad
4	I've really liked this place every time I've gone. Great place to go if you're looking for casual bar food that's better than your typical casual bar food.Also have a good beer selection. One thing is I would like to see more variety on the food menu.
5	My wife and I stopped in for a late lunch on a Friday afternoon in October. We were seated promptly but the place was about 80% full. Our server, Jake, was friendly and efficient. There is a wide variety of sandwiches and beverages. I had the "Beef Dip" - an. outstanding roast beef sandwich that had very high quality beef and a great bun along with sweet potato fries. My wife had the "California" which was a combination of veggies, avacado and other tasty ingredients along with homemade not at all greasy kettle chips - about the best we've tasted. There was a nice size bar that had a handful of folks quietly having a cocktail. The place has a large selection of local beers although I wimped out and had a light tapper.All in all - we thoroughly enjoyed our meals and both agree we'd be regulars if we lived in the area. Highly recommend for lunch or a casual dinner.
4	Enjoyed a late Sunday lunch there with the hubs. The space is really cool- love the exposed walls- don't know if they're faux or not but they're beautiful. The TVs were on showing a game, but the sound was off- perfect! He had the Turkey Spinach Dip panini, I had the pulled pork on a pretzel- both were great. Our server was friendly and responsive- no complaints there. Looking forward to coming back!
4	I come here almost exclusively for the sweet potato encrusted chicken tenders. They are hands down the best chicken tenders I've ever had. The two dipping sauces they come with are incredible. I usually order this as my dinner even though it's an appetizer and it's enough for me. The salads are kind of bland, not too special. I order the harvest salad and it's pretty decent for the price. I get the small and it is really quite tiny. The service isn't the best but they're always super friendly. It does get pretty crowded-- always full of students and has a really fun, casual vibe to it.  It's a good place to go for an inexpensive bite with friends. Just don't hold everything up to the chicken tender standard and you'll be pleased.
1	The food is not that great. The mac and cheese had absolutely no flavor, and the salad I ordered was nothing special and looked like something I could have made at home myself. My friend ordered a salad and didn't like it, so she sent it back. The waitress asked if she would like anything else instead and my friend declined. When the bills came they charged my friend for the salad. The waitress explained that her manager said that since there was nothing wrong with the food that he was not going to take the salad off of her bill. The waitress was very polite and felt very bad for my friend, but stated her manager refused to allow her to take the salad off of the bill.  Way to have crappy customer service on top of not so fabulous food that is served on PLASTIC plates. I will never go back to this place ever again. Have fun serving students that are ok with flavorless and not so fabulous food. This is probably the only way you will end up staying in business.
4	Great beer selection, small uncomplicated menu and attentive servers. Really enjoyed my meal here. Get their chicken wings, they're on point. My salmon in my salad was over cooked, but i'll look over it because everything else had great flavor.
