1	despite it's billing as the 'largest thrift store in north america,' i'm pretty sure this is the island of misfit goodwill items. the place is huge, but i've never, ever found anything good in this store. i'm not sure how that's possible. but i would never go out of my way to shop here.i have no bathroom report for this location because i've never been in there long enough to actually go.
2	it is goodwill.. u know what to expect =)
4	This is the best Goodwilll.  Every other Saturday they have 50% off everything.  Typically there is a line waiting to get in 45 minutes before the store opens.  On these days the furniture section is packed to the brim, and it is the first section to be cleared out by customers.  They run out of carts and I have seen people almost throw punches.  It is madness.  On Thursdays all items with a certain color tag are $1.  Granted, it is not a clean store.  Sometimes in the summer it gets rather warm.  I won't use the restroom.  But, I have found some great bargains.  I view it as a giant garage sale rather than a store in the mall.
2	I went to this HUGE Goodwill on Grand Avenue this weekend.  It was raining all day and I was bored.  Since one of my favorite things to do, on the cheap, is to rummage though the second hand stores for interesting items and other cool buys, we dressed the baby, packed the diaper bag, and off we went to check out some crap that used to be owned by other people!!Firstly let me say that this is like Goodwillzilla.  It's huge!  I heard it used to be a former Kmart location so that makes sense for the size of the building.  Sadly though, it's not exactly bursting at the seams with quality stuff.  This one is pretty well picked over and I saw very, very little that interested me.  Although I did find a nice (almost new) baby doll for my baby girl, and black skirt for myself.  I will also mention that I did accidentally go on a '50% off everything' weekend and that alone may have made it seem more picked over than normal...I'm not sure but the place seemed pretty cleaned out and the remaining stuff was more junky than used.  The employees I encountered were all friendly enough.  I will also mention that this Goodwill had an bigger than normal selection of clothes so, by logical deduction, it probably would be a pretty good stop to make on a dirt cheap clothing rummage day.
3	Really large Goodwill location with a ton of options.  We were looking for some frames we may be able to give new life to, but struck out.  As we walked the aisles to see what else they may have to offer, it was an odd mix of knick knacks that people once seemed to love and tons of matching items that stores seemed to have written off their books and donated here.  Might be a good trove for those looking for several matching items for upcycling?There seemed to be a lot of clothing and shoes along the wall for those interested in rummaging for a good vintage find.  The donation drop off site was busy with new items being sorted, so I'm guessing they are a pretty big hot spot for new things on a regular basis, so stopping by from time to time should offer up new things.Overall: BStandard Goodwill despite it's size, but may have more to offer as far as turn over of items since it's a massive location.
