4	This was a clean hotel in the Greenway Station area of Middleton. It had easy access to downtown Madison and even though we didn't spend any time in the mall area - it was nice to know there was a place to get coffee the morning we left.... with major hangovers.The service at the front desk was extremely welcoming, and our room was spacious and comfortable. I did find a long black hair in the shower that I wish was not there... Good price. Easy parking. Would stay again if downtown hotels were booked.
4	A more than acceptable place to stay in Madison, and there several points that I liked.1)  The room is nice.  It feels more like an apartment than a hotel, because FOR A CHANGE, the bathroom is located near your bedroom.  When you wake up, you pass your sink, jump in the shower, and a quick 180 degree turn from your sink is the closet.  It's a refreshing design that makes you feel at home, instead of having to go all the way to your front door.2)   There is a pretty spacious kitchen in each room, with a microwave, fridge and sink.  I'm not really sure people want to cook a meal in their hotel rooms, but I were the kind of person that wanted to reheat restaurant leftovers, or microwave popcorn, this setup is ideal.3)  A breakfast buffet is included, and they rotated the food every day!  It was shocking, in a good way.  One day was breakfast burritos, the other day was eggs benedict, and yet another day was a egg McMuffin kind of breakfast sandwich.  I never saw the same food twice, and I liked how juice, coffee and water were all self-service.  If I want another orange or cranberry juice, I don't necessarily have all day to wait to find one.  I'd rather just get it myself.This Residence Inn is convenient to shopping and a few restaurants, and I would gladly stay here again!
5	We stayed at this Residence Inn recently on 7/11/14 for two nights.  One of the best hotel stays we've had in quite some time, and I cannot say enough about the accommodations that weekend.  Very clean & comfortable rooms, the front desk staff was extremely helpful and nice upon check-in, and the kids enjoyed both the pool and outdoor basketball court.   Also we had one of the better breakfasts you'll find each morning with great variety for all tastes.Thank you for making our stay in Madison so wonderful, and I cannot recommend this Residence Inn highly enough for those traveling to the area.
3	Nice place but walls are paper thin. Heard all of our neighbors conversations. Good breakfast and conveniently located.  A previous guest had smoked in the bathroom and it smelled like it.  Staff attempted to remove the smell but it was still there.
3	Nice 3 start hotel. It needed some repairs and the bathroom tiles were broken, The ceiling vents had a lot of dust on it. I dont know the price as it was booked for me thru my company but not sure I would stay here again if I had to pay for it.
5	We stayed here last night for a stopover on our way home. The facilities are beautiful, free breakfast was yummy and the staff were awesome!  A special thanks to manager Angela for making our 8 yr old daughter feel special. We will definitely return again!
