4	Allan K L Jackson's store is that lovely, dusty, musky kind of antique store, selling relics piled high on one another for lowered prices.It's petite in size, but has a lot to offer the hardcore collector if you care to rummage. Stacked high above your line of vision, prepare yourself to find anything from dainty porcelain ladies to quite a notable collection of brass ornaments. On a sunny day, some stock can be found outside, displayed neatly on fold away tables.The gentleman who owns this business is very friendly. So friendly, in fact, that he not only gave me directions, but also offered to store an item for me so I can collect it next week. I didn't even obtain the chair from his store, but considering the size of it he very kindly offered to keep it for me. This kind of courtesy is, sadly, as retro as some of his antique stock, so it's nice to meet someone who is genuinely friendly! With locals popping their heads in to say hi, it's very much a shop with its doors open to the community, but also worth a browse if you're looting for hidden treasure.
4	This is an inviting and interesting antique shop in Newington which offers high quality furniture, ornamnets and rugs at reasonable prices.  Although the owner doesn't stock the highest quality stuff and most of it is second or third hand, it's all in relatively good condition and priced accordingly.  The shop has a cool ambiance and feels like it's in its own little world.  I didn't buy anything but after a look around you feel inspired to surround yourself with old stuff.  The owner told says that he get's new stock in frequently and he can reserve certain items for interested customers.  Allan K L Jackson is definitely a place to visit either for furnishing things or just a look round.
4	I love these sort of little dusty antique shops and Allan K L Jackson is a perfect example. Once you nip inside you feel transported back to Victorian times, like a portal Dickens' Old Curiosity Shop, this little store has everything if you are willing to search hard enough. Buried amongst the piles of antiques are toys, games, glasses, cutlery, watches, furniture, sports equipment and anything else you could possibly want. Chances are you didn't think you wanted it and come out very confused as to why you bought a cheese grater from the 1940s or something equally random but inside the shop it seems like the perfect gift for that quirky old aunt everyone has.The owner, I assume Allan himself but I don't want to make some form of antique shop faux pas by leaping to conclusions, is really friendly and seems genuinely pleased that you have popped in to have a look. Whether you are buying anything or just browsing, he is helpful and keen to impart some of his knowledge on you. As the other reviewers have mentioned he is more than happy to hold an item for you and is always keen to forage for other things in and amongst the mounds of curiosities in his shop
