5	I needed a CPR for Medical Professionals and found the Prism Training Center on Google search.  I am going into the RN program at CSN and am required to have CPR training by the end of August.  I found this listing and called...and was scheduled for class the very next day!  Not only were they quick with the schedule they were very reasonably priced  ($40) and class is only 4 hours long!!  Big difference from the Red Cross ($79 for 7.5 hrs)!The instructor is Tom.  Tom has teaching this stuff down to a science.  He uses the video from the American Heart Association to begin but then he stops it and says he can teach us by having us do it faster than watching the video.  He is very clear with the information and is very through in making sure everyone is performing correctly and knows the information.Tom is very passionate about what he teaches and wants everyone to be safe and able to save lives!!  He was a wonderful teacher!The Prism CPR Training Center offers several different classes.  I took the Basic Life Support for Healthcare Providers.  There is a basic CPR class-Heartsaver CPR,  Heartsaver AED,  Heartsaver First Aid and Heartsaver Pediatric First Aid.  There is also a note on the website that they do offsite training for Osha 10 and 30.'Prism CPR Training Center & The American Heart Association are dedicated to providing the best peer reviewed, science based, life saving skills so that the student can perform those skills with confidence in a variety of emergency situations.'
5	I needed a good CPR training center in the Las Vegas area that had quality, reasonably priced lesons and wouldn't be too much of a hassle reaching by bus. Thanks to my good friend, google, I narrowed my choices down to this. For a 3.5 hour class for CPR and first aid, anyone willing to take part would be required to make a phone call schedule and would get a CPR certified card before leaving. Our instructor, John, couldn't have been more informative, giving us real life examples of his experiences and smart ways to handle emergencies. I was more than satisfied with everything. Anyone who's interested or needs to renew their cards, this is the place to go!
5	This was a pleasant experience.  I was required to take a CPR class for a graduate course that I am taking, so my motivation was lacking, at best.  Found these guys because they offered a CPR class during a time that was convenient to me, and more importantly, their pricing is very affordable.  The instructor, John, has much practice with emergency situations, and his knowledge and expertise shined through.  John walked us through the steps of CPR, and the "dummies" that they use to practice on are actually quite neat and good use of technology.  It includes a lighting system to verify that you are performing CPR correctly.  For someone not really wanting to take this course, I was truly blown away by the information offered, the delivery of the information, and the manner in which the staff ran the operation.  My time in the class flew, and I'm proud to say that I now have the skills to potentially save a life.  John's teaching has made me feel confident of that.  Thanks to all for a great experience.
4	It was about a 2 1/2 hour class for the adult/child/infant CPR/AED certification. John did an excellent job teaching the class. It was very informative. It was only $40. I think the American Ref Cross charges twice as much.
5	I just attended the two day ACLS class. John was our instructor and did a great job. The entire process was very smooth and convenient. I will suggest it to everyone.
5	If your organization is in need of training. Definitely reach out to Tom and Suzie at Prism. Tom came to the office and taught us all everything we needed to feel comfortable utilizing all the newest techniques. I highly recommend these guys.
5	I'm a CSN nursing student and a CPR certification was a requirement. I completed this class last Friday in a 4 hour class that was almost half the price that I would have paid anywhere else. It was much better than I expected. Tom is awesome, funny and makes sure we all feel comfortable with every step. I will most definitely be back to renew in 2 years!
5	Renewed my  CPR/BLS for healthcare providers Nov 20th 2013.. This was an excellent class, reasonably priced. Tom the instructor was great. Class was 4 hours long. Will be back for next renewal.. Highly recommend  Prism.
5	I just got my CPR license today and wow, this place is pretty spot on. Thomas the instructor was very funny, thorough and knowledgeable in teaching the class and it was obvious how passionate he was about teaching CPR. I would only refer him now to anyone I know because theirv services were very reasonable and quick compared to other places. Keep up the good work.
5	Do you want to learn how to save a life? Potentially save a stranger, or loved one from death? Well I have good news, Prism CPR Training Center is the place to go.I needed to find a basic life support training class and luckily, I just google searched "basic life support" and this was the first place that had it. It was fairly close to my house, and it was scheduled for the the following weekend, so I went for it. It was for 9AM and the class was approximately 4 hours long for $50, which is what you should expect. My instructor, Tom, said that there are other courses that are more expensive and range from 6-7 hours, so I'm glad that I could take this class and save time & money. The class starts off in the beginning pretty basic. The book that you get seems really dense and confusing at first, but things are summarized real well by Tom, if that is who you have. He skips a lot of unnecessary stuff, which saves lots and lots of time. He makes you practice certain techniques adequately where you should be confident to apply them in the real world, if need be. Tom is a really nice guy and make the class fun. If you need tot take this class for any reason, I recommend taking it at this facility, and hopefully, you get it with Tom!
5	Great service and instructor. Was very thorough and efficient got right to the most important parts. Had a great learning environment and  was well prepared and informed. Not to mention it was faster and cheaper than everywhere else ! Would recommend to everyone
5	I needed to get cpr done for nursing school and looking around they were way cheaper than other places. $50 only 4.5 hours and it was actually fun. Tom the owner who taught us joked with us and taught us a lot. Will be renewing here everytime!!
5	I had a great experience here getting my CPR card. Tom is very knowledgable and friendly. Classes may have more people than you'd expect so make sure you call them ahead of time. Overall, I recommend this place especially if you're a health care provider needing renewal on your CPR card (great for nursing students as well)!
5	Great teacher! Tom was funny and knows what he is talking about. I decided to go with this class because I also yelped it and it was like everyone said it would be like! There were about 18 people in the class so it wasn't that big. Family owned business, I would definitely recommend taking this class for anyone who wants to take a BLS/CPR class! Thanks tom!
5	It was a great experience at Prism CPR Training Center.  Tom is a great instructorand he knows his info inside out.   I would recommend this center for BLS/CPR classes.   And I will definitely go back in the future for renewal courses!
5	I needed BLS certification for CSN, and I'm glad I found Tom at Prism CPR. The course was thorough, informative, and concise. Tom definitely has this course down to a science.  I appreciate when people acknowledge that my time is as valuable as theirs!  A++ Prism! Support your local businesses!
5	Great class, Tom is a great instructor who makes learning fun. Most importantly you learn everything needed to save a life. Prism also lets you come back for free refresher classes between your 2 year renewal course.
5	Tom is a great instructor, He makes learning fun. If your looking for a place to get CPR trained, Prism is the place to go. Oh yeah I can't leave Mr Charlie :) out.  When I need to get my recertification, I will definitely be going back to Prism. Thank you Tom
5	I just renewed my BLS for Healthcare Provider at Prism CPR Training Center.  This is my 2nd time taking a class there and I will be a continuing customer and refer my co-workers and colleagues.  The class is conveniently available to M-F workers on a Saturday and only takes 3 and 1/2 hours of my valuable time.  It is very affordable.  The class is well taught for the novice or experienced healthcare worker.  You not only leave the class with a certificate from the American Heart Association, but you feel prepared to be able to use the skills taught in class if you were to need to.
5	I went to this center yesterday to take my CPR class and it was an excellent experience.  Tom is very knowledgable and make learning fun. I highly recommend this place. I'm not going anywhere next time.
5	Tom's a great teacher, he's got it down that's for sure! I had to get my BLS/CPR cert prior to getting into EMT at CSN. He also compacts all the material from a 8 hour class to 3-3 1/2 hours. You get certified that same day. Great experience!
