4	3.5 stars, rounding up to 4 because legitimate honest effort seems to indicate they'll get much better.Located in the former Ruth's Chris location on Paradise Rd, Kelly's is in some tough company in one of the best steak cities in the country. My friends and I were excited to see how it stacked up.Food-wise, it was mostly excellent. I'm a carnivore and I ordered a steak tartare and a prime rib. The tartare's flavour was wonderful, although the portion size was significantly smaller than what I am accustomed to. My friend ordered the French onion soup, which looked a lot more substantial. Wish I'd gotten that instead. The same friend also ordered an escargot appetizer, which was a bit of a disaster. They forgot to bring him a mini-fork, then forgot again after he'd asked. Not only that, even after procurement of said mini-fork, he was only able to extract the meat from 5 of the 7 shells. I took a crack at it myself (just being that kind of person) and gave up after another 10 minutes of poking.To their credit, they removed the escargot from the bill. Oh, and they also gave us 50% off the entire bill. Apparently we'd caught the very last day of their opening week promotion. Nice!For the most part, the food is definitely right up there with the top steakhouses in Vegas, so they've got the most important part down. There were definitely some service hiccups, these things are bound to happen when you have a new wait staff learning to work with one another. But everyone seems to be putting in a very good effort and I'm sure they'll work out the kinks. When it comes to a new place just getting its feet, attitude counts for a lot. As long as this commitment to improving service continues, Kelly's should be a solid choice for Vegas locals and regulars.
4	4 stars food and service including the wonderful and highly personalized valet service (they had my car waiting while I shopped at the cigar lounge next door) 3 stars for the dining area we were placed in. It was more of an atrium, very loud with glass ceiling and tile floors. Probably the best filet I've ever had!!! Even though most steaks are 50 bucks they are worth the prime cut of beef...
5	Me and my family were in Las Vegas recently and wanted something a little different than the typical  chain of steak houses that you see everywhere.  We heard about Kelly's and decided that this would be our choice.  We started with a lemon drop martini for my wife and I had the best cadillac margarita I have ever had.  My kids had shirley temples and  these amazing homemade potato chips with assorted dipping sauces. We could not get enough of their complimentary pate and crackers (this is a trademark of theirs).   Next came the wine selection and we decided on the Silver Oak cab.   I ordered the bone in rib eye and my wife had  the sea bass. The kids had the petite fillets.   We ordered creamed spinach and au gratin potatoes for the table (too much food). Our waiters were very helpful and attentive to our needs, we felt like celebrities.   We shared everything and absolutely loved every bite.  We will definately be back!
5	Best Prime Rib in town, sorry Lowery's.
5	WOW!!!! Kelly's is the real deal.  The restaurant is beautiful, service is fantastic and food absolutely delicious. We were looking for a quality place to eat other than the hotels or the Strip and were told about Kelly's.  Apparently the restaurant is located in a former Ruth Chris, so you will see lots of wood finishes, leaded and beveled glass, etc. They have a beautiful bar with a piano player which allowed for background music throughout our dinner, great wine selection and my wife  enjoyed her martini.  The Cesar salad is delicious as was my filet mignon which was cooked to perfection. My wife had the Diver Scallops which were the best she had ever tasted. The presentation was beautiful and don't forget about desert.  The entire staff was friendly as well as the manager who prepared the Bananas Foster right at our table side.  We can't wait to be in Vegas again so that we can go back for more.
4	Nice place to get a drink or glass of wine while waiting for a table at Firefly. Visited with several friends on a Saturday night earlier this month. I was in town for a conference, and wanted to try some local places rather than hitting up the strip. My friend said she had heard about this place on the travel channel or something (Firefly). Upon arrival, there was a wait, and the hostess suggested getting a drink nearby. Well don't mind if I do! Kelly's has a lot of leather... feels pretty old school, and caters to an older crowd. There was a lounge singer and piano player on the night we visited, and a few tables of patrons but plenty of space. We were welcomed warmly by the bartender and hostess upon arrival, and seated at a booth/ table combo towards the back. We didn't order any food, but drink service was prompt and friendly, mixed drinks were made well, and prices weren't bad for Vegas. The singing wasn't really my thing but this was a relaxing place to take a break before entering the happy chaos that is Firefly.
2	We had a late arrival into LAS and saw that Kelly's was open late. The 1980's fern bar/creepy atmosphere initially spooked us. There was 1 customer in the huge dining room. We sat at the bar and our bartender was the highlight of the evening, super friendly. We both had the filet and it was very good. The "twice baked potato" was obviously thawed from a box and was worthy of the trash. I'd say we'd possibly go back but I am pretty certain it will be out of business in the next 2-3 months.
4	I saw a deal for dinner on Groupon and checked them out on Yelp and decided instead to come for happy hour on a Thursday evening.The house wine and well drinks were half price $4 and $3.50.  The bar menu was also half price!My hub had a glass of wine which was the Kenwood Cab, decent... I had a bourbon Manhattan (in honor of our friend!) and it was great and impressive for $3.50!For food we ordered fish and chips $8 and caprese salad  $6.  I mainly ate the salad and it was excellent.  Thick slices of mozerella and heirloom tomatoes.  One of the tomatoes was green and ruffled, gorgeous and delicious!  I joked with the bartender that I got a green tomato and he explained they were heirloom LOL, got him!  The hub really liked the fish and chips.  Huge pieces of fish batter fried and tasted like beer batter.  The fries were great too.  I kinda wish I tried the prime rib sandwich since we were at a steakhouse and all but def next time!The bartender was very accomdating and friendly.  He had no problem serving us in the comfy lounge area where we were sitting and he never neglected us.  It probably helped that there were not very many people in the place and the ones there already were in full swing of HH.The lounge area was very comfortable, upscale and we really enjoyed going to a place for drinks that was quiet and relaxing, unlike the Strip.We loved our HH here and in the area will try them again.
2	Pathetic service. Read my tips.Two waiters - an assistant and the "main" slow poke of the hour.Reservations at 8:15pm... left the restaurant at 10:36pm...missed a show.Reservations were made for 8:15pm... got seated promptly.  Ordered drinks and our food around 8:25pm... complimentary bread didn't arrive until 8:46pm... followed by our drink at 9pm.    That's 45 minutes and we are still waiting for our food ordered 20 minutes ago.9:20pm - Food arrived:Rib Eye ordered well done - received med rare.. we were too hungry to wait another hour for a re-do.Scallops for $36 looked pathetic, tough and over cooked...6 super tiny pieces scattered on a ridiculously large plate.  Salmon was decent and the steak appetizer was also alright.What pissed me off was no one checked on our table after delivering the food until AFTER we've finished... we ordered dessert because we bought this groupon that required us to spend $200 to make it worth our while.  coffee took 10-15 minutes to arrive... dessert came AFTER we were done with our coffee... and they didn't even ask if we wanted more.Dinner and dessert fiasco was done by 10pm but we didn't get our check until 10:30pm (that was because I walked up to the host and asked him to get us our check)...  that totally pissed me off because there were only 2 other tables in the room with customers.. Not worth the money... you can eat better at a buffet... not impressed with the food.
1	Foodies beware!! This place is bad, bad, bad!! I don't even know where to begin! For starters, when we walked into the restaurant we got hit with such a weird smell. It was like a cross between mothballs and burnt wood. The building looked really old, and the inside was clearly outdated. They obviously didn't change a thing when they opened. Their leather menus have the name "Kelly's" in bright neon.. Well actually Kelly green.. The K is backwards and there's a shamrock on the menu. This can be really misleading from the outside, because it looks and sounds like an Irish pub, not a steakhouse. They have live entertainment from 6-10PM daily. Their idea of entertainment is an older man singing terribly to his piano. I joked with my husband and told him that I felt like I was in a nursing home. For apps we ordered the steamed Manila clams. I hated them, the sauce was really salty and it tasted like a wine infused BBQ sauce. In hopes that it would get better we both had the lobster bisque to follow. Again--- overly salty and the bisque tasted like it came from a can. It does come with a generous scoop of lobster though. At this point, I was just looking forward to our steak. It arrived quickly. The waiter said they marinate them in a nice mixture of oils, salt, pepper etc. He proudly boasted that the steaks were high quality.... they weren't good :-( I love filet mignon. Matter of fact, Ive never had a bad steak night in Vegas, until now! We also ordered their garlic mashed potatoes, truffled corn and creamed spinach. I'm absolutely sure that they use an instant mashed potato and just add a few fresh potatoes. The consistency was so gritty, you could just tell. The corn did not have truffle oil, or truffle anything. It was creamed corn with a breadcrumb crust on top. As for the spinach, it was watery, not seasoned and undercooked. I've never had a dinner in a restaurant where every aspect of the meal was this bad. This place will not survive with Mortons around the corner and Del Friscos across the street. Pros:-The server was so nice, very attentive without being overbearing. -My martini was cold I wish I had more nice things to say, but it was just so terrible. No wonder they had such a great deal on groupon. We will never return. Yuck.
1	DONT even think about it. can't even begin to express how f-in bad this place is. insanely  expensive for the service, food & atmosphere. even the waiter apologized.
1	The worst dining experience in Las Vegas.  I had a $100.00 gift certificate to Kelly's so I thought "how bad could it be?".  When we called for the reservation we were told "we have space at any time, you don't even need a reservation"  ... I should have turned back at that point!!! Here are some low lights of our dinner...* Escargot with rancid butter - $20* 11 dollar bottle of wine - $45* sizzler quality steak and canned crab meat (steak Oscar) - $60* Ok quality prime rib (40% untrimmed fat) -$50* The mac and cheese was actually good - $10* Re-warmed garlic mashed -$10* Banana's foster (ok if the ice cream was not pre- melted)  - $30I can not believe this place is still open... I feel bad for the staff because they know they are serving crap.  The hostess looked like she was called in to work between shopping at walmart and going to the gym.... The place stinks too.  They have a saucepan of onions cooking in the corner?  What kind of smell are they trying to cover with that????I have paid over $650.00 for a dinner for 2 and felt like I got a good deal... even after the $100 gift certificate at Kelly's I felt like I was ripped off!  I honestly must say that buffet lines down town have better food quality for $9.99 per person!
4	Unlike the other reviews, my husband and I liked this restaurant.  The wait staff was pleasant and nice.  We started with escargot, which was delicious.  My husband got the steak and I had the farm-raised chicken.  The food was great.  For dessert, we shared the Godiva chocolate cake - it was to die for!
5	It was such a pleasant surprise-on a Thursday night--to find such a great entertainment act at Kelly's Steakhouse, 3900 E. Paradise Road.  Michael Shane brought the house down with his eloquent piano, singing and rich comedy.  The ease at which this fabulous entertainer accepted all requests and performed each was amazing.  Everything from Frank Sinatra to Elton John, Lionel Ritchie, Billie Joel, Barry Manilow, Bobby Darrin and many other artists.  Fantastic time.  Also, the Lobster Bisque is to die for!  Best food every.  Thank you Kelly's Steakhouse!
5	Bought a Groupon for this place and still had to pay a little extra but it was sooo worth it! We shared a Caesar salad, which our waiter recommended, so we each got our own plate and it was delicious. My fiance got the New York steak and I got the Rib-eye, with a side of loaded baked potato and twice baked potato. Our steaks came out still sizzling, they were cooked perfectly and both were juicy and tender, we didn't even need any sauce because the flavor was just amazing. Our sides were delicious and the portions are huge, we even had enough leftovers for a steak and egg breakfast the next day. The place is pretty upscale, the staff is extremely attentive and friendly, and there was a guy playing the piano, which made it a nice experience. Definitely a great place to go for special occasions. Also, we went on Friday night with a reservation and had no issues waiting for our food, we were in an out in just over an hour.
2	-Starts off with a very unpleasant odor when you walk in. -Sides were very bland and one was cold. -Steak was quality of outback but costs $60.-The service was good but the food needs some work...especially for those prices!
5	Excellent Steakhouse with Fantastic Food and Service. Our dinner party of six really had a great time and all of us enjoyed the entire evening. We were seated in a semi-private room which added a beautiful VIP ambiance to our dining experience. From the minute we entered the restaurant until we left the hostess and waiter took very good care of us.
1	They did a really mean thing today: The musician scheduled to come in and set up was told--while setting up--that they would not have the money to pay him tonight!  He was just in to confirm last night.  That was really a mean and nasty thing to do to someone. CALL THEM AT LEAST A DAY A HEAD OF TIME STUPID!!  These people are disreputable!!!   Now they are CLOSED!    Figured as much.
1	IF YOU ARE LACKING MORE SALT IN YOUR DIET KELLY'S PRIME STEAK & SEAFOOD IS THE RESTAURANT FOR YOU .... Got this Groupon for Fine Dining at Kelly's Prime Steak & Seafood ... When we arrived we were greeted and ask if we had reservation. We replied, "Do we need reservations?" He said, "No! 'Cause no one is here, So come on in." [FYI he was right. At 5:30 PM on a Tuesday there was no one else in the dinning room. HOWEVER, The bar was full.] We were seated, given our drinks and had our food orders taken before the next table was seated. 1ST COURSE, was Calamari. It was cook correctly and tasted divine. However, the 2 sauce that accompany this dish leave much to be desired. Sauce #1 The "Marinara Sauce" tasted OK but it was so thick that when you'd dipped Calamari in the crunchy bit batter was left in the sauce and I was just eating perfectly cooked but totally naked Squid. Sauce #2 The Crazy Mustard base sauce was just an epic fail and needs to be remove from the menu. 2ND COURSE, I got the Lobster Bisque and My guest got the Cesar Salad minus the anchovies. The Lobster Bisque was so salty I could not eat more then a few spoonfuls. My guest got the Cesar Salad stacked high with those DAMN ANCHOVIES. Not wanting to cause a scene we simply mentioned the mistake to the waiter and push them off to the side of the plate. My guest later commented that the Cesar Dressing tasted like they had tried to doctor up some Thousand Island Dressing and did a piss poor job of it. MAIN COURSE, my guest had the Prime Rib and I got the Beef Stroganoff. First off If you remember I mention earlier we had our order in before the next table was seated. So why did we have ask the waiter if there was a problem with our order because everyone around us was getting there food before us. At the time there was only 5 occupied tables in the whole dinning room. After a few moments the bus boy / assistant waiter finally came back with our final course. At first glance it did not look appealing but we said well maybe its okay. But HELL NO! The Beef Stroganoff was runny and had a clump of sour cream setting on top. The food was not hot or hell even warm and it did not taste like anything, and I guess Kelly's is cutting corner because for something name Beef Stroganoff it had very little beef in it. The Prime Rib was over salted and had to ask for au jus and horseradish. FYI the horseradish was a joke it had no bite. I think the cook is clearly not a Chef and needs to return back to school and learn some new technique in how to cook at a real "Fine Dining Restaurant." Thank God for Groupon because if I had paid the full price there would have been a problem because I would have need to act a DAMN FOOL in Kelly's Prime Steak & Seafood. I don't think I would ever return back for the food but maybe for the drinks only. I don't recommend anyone to go and until they get a visit from that Restaurant Impossible guy to give them some help in cooking and service
2	First off, let me emphasize that this review is not about the service, which is actually quite good and attentive. The hostess was very sweet. Our two waiters were on top of things from start to finish. This is a frank review of an establishment which includes the word "prime" in their name. "Prime," as in "superior," or "top of the line."Kelly's is NOT "prime." So reel back any such expectations.I've read that Kelly's is where Ruth Chris Steakhouse once stood. By my observations, the ownership has invested very little money into refurbishing a restaurant which shows a great deal of mileage. The carpeting is old, and while not filthy, it does show the kind of wear and tear that shampooing simply cannot remove. The entire establishment is in dire need of fresh paint. Why would anyone looking to open a new establishment skimp on such relatively inexpensive basics? I've read other Yelpers state that Kelly's smells of insecticide. I didn't detect any such smell, but the place does smell stale and musty (my guess is the old carpeting and interior paint are the sources). As for the food....just okay. We had a coupon from Travel Zoo. They honored the coupon according to the terms, but the overall quality was disappointing. The wedge salad was good, but the petite fillet mignon wasn't particularly tender. The au gratin potatoes were undercooked. I'd rate the food a B+ for quantity, but only a C for quality. And that's not "Prime."This place has potential, but it's not even close to being there yet. They need to close down for 6 months or so and do it right. Right now, it's lipstick on a pig.Pass on Kelly's until they make the necessary improvements to live up to their name (Kelly's "PRIME" Steak & Seafood). There are many, many better options in Las Vegas. If our party had to pay full price for this dining experience, we would've been pretty unhappy about it.
3	For the prices they are asking, Kelly's is NOT a good deal. The lobster bisque was great , but the rest of the meal was severely lacking. For these kind of prices, Las Vegas has way better options. At $200 for a dinner for two, it should be a good dining experience. And it was not.
1	Maybe this passes for a serious steakhouse in San Diego, but in Las Vegas where there are more steakhouses than Starbucks, Kelly's can't compete.Extremely overpriced, especially given that it's off the strip. The food is forgettable and the wine selection is deeply uninspired.The decor is fine albeit typical, and the service is well-intentioned, but this place is out of its league here.Del Frisco's is right across the street, and although I'm not a huge fan of theirs (unlike so many other yelpers....go figure)....Del Frisco's is a significantly better steakhouse than Kelly's.In the Darwinian jungle of Las Vegas restaurants, I suspect Kelley's won't survive.
2	2 is giving them the benefit that the steak was good. The service was the worst I have ever had. We had to wait 8 minutes to be seated, an HOUR to receive our food after walking in and there was only 6 other tables in there. The NY steak was not worth $50, more like $30. I only came because I received a $100 gift certificate, I would not come back and spend my own money.
1	Stay as far away as you can from this place.  A Sizzler buffet is better than this place.We were driving through Las Vegas on our way back to Southern California.  We lived in Long Beach in the 70's and through friends had heard that the present owner of Kelly's in Naples/Long Beach was opening up a Kelly's here.  We were frequent patrons of Kelly's during the 70's and were excited to find a quality place off the strip (so we thought).What a shame that this guy doesn't have the class that the Long Beach Kelly's has.  I don't know who he is, but the logo/signage is the same.  NOTHING at all like the Kelly's in Long Beach.  But I have now heard that the Long Beach Kelly's has closed due to mismanagement and if this is the same guy (who I am told it is) this place won't be around much longer as well.  It is an insult to the Long Beach Kelly's of the quality years.We came on a Friday night about 7pm.  We used to dine here when this was a Ruth's Chris so we new the location well.  We did not make a reservation as we had plenty of time and thought we would enjoy sitting at the bar with our martinis.There were only two other tables occupied when we were greeted by the hostess.  That should have been the second clue right then.We were seated right away. Martinis were ordered and served.  Perfect drink.  The waiter was very personable.We ordered Caesar salads, a lobster bisque,rib eye and peppercorn steak, both medium rare.  The Caesar salad was tasteless and over dressed.  The salad plate was not cold.  The lobster bisque was thick and gloppy and not hot.  When the steaks arrived, they were also lukewarm and OVERDONE.  We didn't dare send it back because it wasn't hot because we would have had shoe leather!I won't even comment on the dismal wine list.  We were told that two of our selections were out of stock, so we just stuck with another martini each!During the time we were seated only three other parties arrived in the dining room.I have seen that they are offering coupons. I'm sure that is the only way that they can get patrons in.  We definitely won't be coming back here.
1	The prices are high, but the food quality is not there. Do yourself a favor and go to Golden Steer or Binions Steakhouse.
2	Like most everyone else that ends up here, I had a Groupon - it was a really good deal and I figured how bad could it be? So we walked in w low expectations, hoping to be (pleasantly) surprised. I'll say it was probably worth the $75 Groupon deal, but we still wont be back and I'd honestly be pissed if I had paid full price ($172). so I guess this place closed temporarily and just reopened w all new staff. the menu is also slightly reduced from what's on their website. no more escargot, bananas foster, some of the salads.Calamari was pretty good, but that's pretty hard to eff up. French onion soup was inedibly salty, lobster bisque wasn't bad - lots of lobster bits w the soup poured table side. Prime rib was decent, my rib eye was ordered medium, but arrived well done. They brought a new one out pretty quickly, probably because this one was way rare. I was debating whether to just eat it (figured they would overcook it again) but the waiter saw how raw it was and took it back. It came out close enough to medium - seasoned fine, I liked the charred bits. Definitely not "prime" quality like the name says, but the steak was ok. Creme brulee was standard, their apple strudel wasn't at all strudel and it sucked w mushy overcooked apples and way too sweet crust. Server was just ok, but I loved the busser Vladimir - he was super nice and attentive the entire time. My friend drinks water like a mofo and his glass was never even half empty. So... yeah I wont be back, but I guess it was worth the $75 for 1 appetizer, 2 soups, 2 entrees, 2 desserts. + we left $35 tip (off $172 original total) and Groupon had $10 off purchases over $30. So having spent a total $110 w tip and a cocktail is fair. I agree w everyone else - this place won't be around much longer so if you get the Groupon, use it quick. and it does have a really odd smell - it wasn't really insecticide like others said. We couldn't decide what it was and the people next to us asked, the manager said it was Rosemary. no clue wtf it was, but it wasn't effen Rosemary
1	I had to try this place for myself despite all the bad reviews Well I should have listened I ordered a drink and the waiter comes back and informs me they don't have that in stock mind you this is a Friday nite and Labor Day weekend we order dinner and my wife sent her salad back it had a terrible taste they took it off the bill my 10oz filet was not good at all something you would expect from a sizzler steak house there were only 5 tables with customers at 630pm the wait staff seemed not well trained at all I will not be returning  Sorry but you need to go back to Long Beach where you have had some success you are not Vegas Steak house quality
4	I know this restaurant has received very mixed Yelp reviews.  But the one night I was there with wife and friends, it was a very enjoyable and tasty experience.  A Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail obtained at no charge through a Yelp check in featured very good truly jumbo-sized White Mexican Prawns with thick classic Cocktail Sauce; and a crock of French Onion Soup was robust, laden with melting Gruyere Cheese, and also very good.  A Caesar Salad with requested anchovies was good but did not particularly stand out.  But the well-seasoned Petite Filet that arrived sizzling in butter and perfectly medium rare as ordered most definitely did.  And, Shrimp Scampi was fine, with the individual shrimps dancing on the plate in an excellent-tasting sizzling Lemon Butter Sauce.Very cheesy Au Gratin Potatoes were simply great, and nicely turned out hand-cut, skin-on French Fries not far behind.  In the negatives column, steak knives with worn wooden handles made the restaurant look dated, detracting from an otherwise classy steakhouse ambiance--and the dining room was unusually dark; complimentary bread was rather pedestrian; and my first glass of Iced Tea was viscous and oily.  Service was very good throughout the duration of the multi-course meal, and dinner culminated with superior Apple Streudel accompanied by Vanilla Ice Cream.  Based on this experience I will surely return!4-1/2 stars overall this night
2	Definitely not worth going to, unless you have the Groupon or some sort of crazy deal. I used the $75 Groupon that covered a starter, 2 salads/soups, 2 entrees, a side to share and 2 desserts. Asked for a medium cooked Filet Mignon and very clearly was given rare/seared. Mediocre steak and quality, would not go again and that showed! Seating for at least 250 and there was about 15 people on a Saturday at 7pm.
5	Despite the mixed reviews, my husband and I decided to dine there this evening.  I'm glad we did!  The bar/lounge had a trio playing live music, and it reminded us of old Vegas.  The food was great as was the service.  The steaks were cooked perfectly, and we thoroughly enjoyed our dinner.  We will go back and are glad we found this place.  It's worth a try...enjoy!
5	We were at Kellys last night to celebrate my husband's birthday.  The service and the food was great!   We had a groupon for a "group of 4+" great deal!  And we thoroughly enjoyed the live music, too.  We will be back.  Thank you!
2	I want to be nice so I'll start with the place having a nice atmosphere and friendly staff. Other than that, we went on a Saturday evening and found the place practically empty (The place is HUGE!). We were there with a coupon, so we had a set menu to order from. We had the 6 oz Filet Mignon which was crispy on the edges and not medium rare, as ordered. It was closer to medium/well done and a poor cut. The Mac and Cheese, Garlic Mashed Potatoes were very bland and tasteless. The wine menu is very over priced for some of the labels (Yes, we're Wine Slobs), and when asked if they had a corkage fee, we were told it was illegal in Clark County to bring your own bottle (Not True! Again, Wine Slobs)! They also were out of a couple of items which shouldn't happen in a steakhouse with nobody there to sell out to. Not particularly impressed and will probably not return. If you try it, make sure you get a Groupon or Travelzoo coupon to lessen the sting!
1	I learned about Kelly's Steak house from the Groupon. Because I travel to Vegas I decided to visit it. The restaurant was off the strip in a very dark area. It was almost empty and it was a warning sign. The general manager tried to impressed us with a nice stories about old vegas, but to make story short food sucks big time. Shrimp cocktail was dry, looks like it was frozen several times. Onion soup had so much salt, it was impossible to eat. I ordered filet mignon medium. they brought terribly looking charcoal overcook piece of meat - I asked them what is it, they politely apologized and offered to prepared butterfly flank steak. We didn't want to wait another 30 min. and agree. It was just OK. but we didn't understand why food served to us was so low quality- it was done on purpose, because we had a Groupon or this is a standard quality food in spite of the prices are on the roof? Filet costs is $46.Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone in Vegas, plenty of excellent places.Regret spending my dinner at Kelly's.
1	THIS PLACE IS CLOSED! Phone # disconnected. I called Travelzoo (as I was trying to use my Travelzoo Deal that I bought for this place before it expired and Travelzoo confirmed that the Kelly's is indeed out of business. So the restaurant apparently expired before my travelzoo deal.
2	Decent food but not great. So many other great restaurants in the area, I'll pass on this place in the future.
1	I just bought a groupon here and they are never open. I think this place is CLOSED. The phone number doesn't work. Frustrated!!
2	Drove here in a rental and saved a $40 round trip cab ride from Mandalay Bay, to celebrate a bday. Made reservations for a Tuesday night and mentioned the special occasion to the host. There was live entertainment that night with a guy singing oldies. The dining room and bar areas were rather small.Food: Gf ordered the salmon and said it was very good and I had the med size cut of prime rib which was more than enough for a guy with a hearty appetite, but tasted just average at best. We each had a salad and shared a bottle of wine & two sides. The asparagus was a bit overcooked and the Irish white cheesy potatoes were bland.Even though the service was pretty good, my lasting impression of this restaurant will be of the little things. I've been to dozens of 4+ star restaurants to celebrate special occasions and most serve complementary desserts to the guest of honor, which is always a nice touch, but nothing here. Not even a HBD acknowledgement from our server.Menu overpriced and no wow factor. I would not have come here if not for a Groupon promotion.Most resorts in Vegas have excellent steakhouses. I suggest you pass on this place.
