4	It's panda, quick, consistent, decent "Chinese" food.
1	Asked for white rice 3 times and they still gave me brown rice. Oh yeah there was a piece of a napkin inside my tray.
1	Be careful....I saw the guy serving the food and handling money. When he will serve my food I asked him to talk to  the manger and he said 'I'm the manager ' still I told him the risk of food contamination with the money but he didn't do nothing turn back to the food and keep serving food without washing his hands.Place has no FDA licence to be reported !
2	I avoid Panda Express. In the past, I've had vegetables that are mush and have felt sick to my stomach. However, with our kitchen being worked on, this was one of the few options for a healthier lunch. I had not eaten from the Buckeye location before.The good: I had the vegetables instead of noodles/rice, and they were actually very fresh and crisp. I was pleased. Nor did I feel sick afterward.The meh: I had chicken and mushrooms, and the Shanghai Angus steak. They were okay. The flavors are so strong they make the meat and vegetables all taste the same. It was all quite edible, but I can cook better at home and for a whole lot cheaper.An acceptable place out of desperation, but hey, I've had worse.
3	We have eaten here a couple of times.  Is it gourmet Chinese food as the sign proclaims?  Maybe if your definition of gourmet is different then mine. The service is ok.  Some of the people are really bubbly and others are not appearing to be very customer oriented.  If you get the teriyaki chicken breast it is tasty and you get a bunch of it.  The egg rolls are nasty.  It is not just this location, but every Panda location.  For a quick bite to eat this place suffices.  Nothing special.  The parking lot is pretty clean, usually the inside is pretty clean.  My wife likes Panda more than I do.  I suppose if it were not for her that I may not eat here at all.
2	The chicken was ok..but if they could please COOK their veggies....that would be lovely. My broccoli was very raw and undercooked. Not really gourmet.
3	This place is still relatively new so the dining area looks nice.  Food tastes like all the other Panda's I've been to.  Service is decent.
1	We called ahead on Christmas Day to inquire about their hours.  We were told they would be open till seven p.m.  We arrived at 6:35, as they were locking their front doors, with about ten cars waiting in the drive through.  Their food is not as good as other Pandas, it is always MUCH spicier than any other Panda in AZ.  So now I have two reasons to stay away from this location in Buckeye.   Rice Garden inside Bashas on dysart is superior in all aspects.
