5	Wow! Service at is FINEST! They were quick, easy to work with, and they know there stuff! I had some challenges with two of my tires, and they not only provided great customer service, but fast service as well. My husband was also having issues with his tires and he took his vehicle to the dealership and one other automotive shop and they wanted to charge him a ton of money to fix it. We went to this Discount Tire and they fixed it and they were by far the cheapest! Come to this Discount Tire for great service!
5	I needed new tires for my Acura TL this weekend as I'll be driving the car to California soon.  I called around to several local tire shops, and none of them had the right size in stock.I did some research on TireRack.com and decided on a brand and style of tire and decided to call a couple more places to see if I could find just what I wanted.I called Discount Tire.  They had the exact tires I wanted in stock and could install them on the same day.  Dude gave me a quote over the phone and I made an appointment.  He told me they'd have me in and out in 45 minutes.When we got there for the appointment, they had the tires, they were the exact price quoted and they did get me out in 45 minutes.Can't really get much better than that!
5	This is my neighborhood Discount Tire location. The staff here is always friendly and helpful, and their service is fast. The job I have is primarily mobile, so my livelihood depends on my service vehicle getting from point a to point b throughout the day and night, and I have depended on Discount Tire to help me accomplish that mission. With good warranties, good prices, and many locations, your never too far away when a tire emergency happens. The staff and management at this location always have your best interests in mind.
5	Discount Tire is the best around. After comparing prices to Costco and the other tire centers, Discount had the best pricing, availability and service. I called the night before and spoke to Johnny, we talked about my different tire options, was quoted a GREAT price and made an appointment for the following morning. Upon entering the store I met Johnny, he examined my tires and finalized the sale. This was the same pricing he quoted over the phone without any hidden fees that some of their competitors charge. He said installation time would be 35 minutes and again he was dead on. My biggest pet peeve is when a company lies to you to try and get you in the door. This is NOT Discount, these guys are honest and take care of their customers. I love my new tires and to top it all off all of their maintenance services are free.....free tire repairs, free tire rotation and free tire pressure check. Why would you choose anyone else, go to Discount Tire!
5	I decided after my visit to Discount Tire this morning I really needed to write a review.  I have been going to them for years, this will be my 3rd car that gets tires from them.  Good prices, always very good customer service and quick service. I love that you can just drop in and they will check your air pressure.  Yesterday my tire light went on for the second time in a few weeks so I dropped by a Scottsdale location near my work.  Well my back tire was really low so they filled it with air and told me to watch it.  I love that they do that without the pressure of selling you tires.  Anyway, it went flat so this morning I went to my normal location.  It was about 10 minutes until the time they open and there were 4 of us waiting.  You could see they were already open up the bays and preparing.  So right at 8 the door opens and all four of us are immediately helped by an associate.  My associate and I go out to my car and I explain what I need.  So I'm waiting thinking that someone would come tell me what's going on once they've checked it out...actually when someone came back to me around 8:25 my car was done already.  They found a nail and had already fixed it....at no charge!  I could understand if I had bought the tires there but I just bought this car and the tires came with the car.  I always thought they had excellent customer service but this morning was a reminder why I get my tires from them.  Thank you Discount Tire!
5	Fast service. Nice customer service. Will be coming back here for any problems on my car.
1	I was very dissatisfied with this location!  I went in there cause I had a flat tire and right away they said it's not fixable without even checking it.  He wanted to sell me a new tire.  I left there and went down the street to Big O tires and they were ABLE to fix it without any problem.  I will never use discount tire again!!
5	Simply amazed! I took my car in for a piece of metal stuck in one of my tires near the sidewall.   The service tech checked the tire and was able to remove the metal without much resistance and asked that I pull the car into the garage to do a quick air check to ensure that it hadn't punctured the tire wall.  Luckily, the metal didn't damage the tire and all was well.  I asked the tech if I should now go inside and pay for the service, and they said that there would be no charge since there wasn't any need for work on the tire itself. That was an incredibly nice was to start off our weekend and it was totally unexpected. We will definitely be back for more service from this location.
5	Superb customer service! I asked for an estimate on a new set of tires; Anthony asked me what was important to me besides price (gas mileage, comfort of ride, performance, etc.) after I told him, he gave me estimates on 3 different brands. He even informed me of a rebate that one manufacturer was offering and gave me a small store discount, thus sealing the deal. This was on a Saturday at 5:15 pm; they closed at 5 pm. The next Saturday I came back to have the tires installed and I was helped by Ty who went over how to send in the rebate over the website. Total wait time was less than 45 minutes and when my car was done I noticed that the rims were clean and the tires were shiny! I expected to have to dirty fingerprints all over the rims, most impressed that they took that extra step for their customer. I am rarely treated this well as a customer anywhere and I certainly didn't expect it from a tire shop. Great job Discount!
5	Very friendly and fast. They messed up on our size and refunded us nearly $400. We appreciate their honesty and will always be loyal customers!
4	First time we used this location we needed to check on a tire that appeared to have a piece of metal in it, however, it was easily removed from the wheel frame and no tire damage was done.  They checked all the remaining tires and we left without charge.The second visit was for a flat my fiancee walked out to on his car after leaving work. He had managed to get a spare put on, but I made an appointment here to get a replacement.  The old tire was not fixable, and that was expected since the hole was very obvious and patching it didn't seem like it would work before we even brought it in.His car was taken to be worked on about 10 minutes after I arrived (I was early to my appt) and I left within a half hour.  I highly recommend using their online appointment option, which is really easy to do by phone or computer!  The tech that checked me in and also the one that finished up when the car was ready were both very friendly and answered any questions I had.Overall: AThey are a busy location so make an appointment, I overheard the walk-in wait time was a little over an hour, however, with an appointment made everything is a breeze!  Will return.
5	I don't want to share the details of my experience, because some people come to expect it. I will just say that the Manager, Ken Murray, and another employee went above and beyond anything that was expected to help me out of my situation after the shop was closed. Thank you so much. You have a customer for life.
5	The best customer service in the valley. I will never take my truck anywhere else. These guys take really good care of their customers.
5	I often go to this location for free air pressure checks.  Last year,  my Toyota Highlander (aka Wonder Woman) got a flat tire. I'd replaced the van's original tires, at another Discount Tire location (and bought warranties), but kept one of the original's most treaded tires, as a spare.  With the new tire going flat, I was forced to use the original spare and now paranoid about driving around with no spare tire. It was incredibly hot this day, and a kind stranger helped me change my flat (chivalry isn't dead) at a gas station. I hate being "a damsel in distress" and not have what I need for emergencies.  Thus, I keep my van loaded with emergency supplies:  i.e., hydraulic jack, jack stands, tool kit, flares, first aid kit, etc. The stranger was surprised that I had everything he could possibly need to make the job easier.  I was equally surprised that he refused to take any money. Sorry for this transgression, but since I'm originally from another state, I've found native Arizonians kinda standoffish.  We joked a lot and he told me the acronym for his Fiat (Fix It Again Tony), while I shared about my other vehicle: a Ford Explorer (First One on the Road Dead or Fix Or Repair Daily).  With spare on, I then drove to this location real (ladylike) fast  to purchase a new spare tire.While the Salesman was more than eager to sell me a new tire, I halted him in his tracks by informing him that I already knew they wouldn't carry this particular tire in stock and was looking for a cheap replacement, from his location, as a spare.  In addition, I told him that I'd like to order the new warrantied replacement tire and have it shipped to a different Discount Tire location, closest to my home. Got that? Nowadays, I often check to see if Salespeople are really listening or just trying to push a particular product on you. The Salesman smiled and nodded politely, all the while taking note of my tire.  I laughed, while I set my watch, and waited for his return. Five minutes later, he came back and  informed me that I was correct about the warranty tire (well duh) and that he carried other alternatives for my vehicle. OKaaay, I chose the cheapest GOOD tire as a spare.  He also assured me that he'd place the order for the warranty tire and it would be shipped to my preferred location, within a day.    I was back on the road, with my new spare, in about 30 minutes smiling at the whole experience.
5	Honest is the word to describe them. How's that for an auto shop. They take great care of you and never upsell you. They repair what is needed. No add on's.
5	Pulled in on my way home from work for a low pressure check. It was the day of the Big storm this week and I knew they would be busy. They were. And, they were all calm, in good spirits, and kept things moving. Said I was #62 today for a pressure check, crazy. I waited no more than 10 minutes.. Absolutely great service!!
3	I really discount tire for their prices and warranties, but one thing I can't stand is how they scraped my lip on my new wheels when they installed the new tire. Of course they denied it...what to do, ugh.
