5	Anyone who reads my reviews knows I'm a big believer in shopping local. The Spirit Box is owned by a local artist who is talented and attentive to her craft. Her pieces are one of a kind. I would describe them as organic. She can design custom pieces for any occasion. Check her catalog out on Facebook catalog or browse at http://thespiritbox.com. If you sign up to be a fan of the FaceBook page, you'll be privy to private sales. Favorite place both, for those special occasions and holidays!
5	For my last anniversary, I couldn't decide what to get my wife.  We had already done a ton of cool stuff and exchanged great gifts in the years before.  That's when I thought I should contact Debbie, a local artist who I trust to recommend something great from her jewelry collection.  Sure enough, she produced a great necklace/earrings set almost immediately, and Catherine (my wife) was totally impressed.  Thanks, Debbie, for your wonderful creation.  Catherine still wears the set frequently; order #2 is on the way soon.
5	My girlfriend loves all of the items she's seen in the Spirit Box, and she also likes hearts. Found an amazing silver heart necklace, got it for her for her birthday, and she wears it all the time. I personally love the craftsmanship.
5	I was given a "Runner Girl" necklace as a gift and it is my favorite piece of jewelry. Debbie is a great and creative artist, adding her own special touches to each piece.  I have since purchased another necklace for a friend and will soon be working with Debbie to create a very unique piece of jewelry for someone very special. If you are looking for something totally unique that you would never find in a store, Spirit Box is the place to go!
5	I have never fallen in LOVE with a piece of jewelry before I saw Debbie's work. Now, it has happened 3 times, and I felt like each of those pieces were made just for me. I love the vitality and energy of her work, I love that every piece is a one-of-a-kind original - unlike anything you will see from any other jeweler.  I always get big compliments every time I wear one of her pieces. The prices are incredibly reasonable for 100% handmade jewelry. Every order I placed was delivered quickly, and Debbie is an absolute pleasure to do business with. If you want an outstanding, memorable gift, or something truly unique for you, The Spirit Box is the best find around.
5	My sister gifted me with a beautiful necklace from The Spirit Box.  It has a copper heart on a metal back.  The cord has beads and I love it.  I get many compliments.  I'm looking at purchasing items as gifts for the holidays.  It's never too early!
5	Debbie made a gorgeous gift for my husband. I urge you to avoid over priced jewelers and go to Debbie for your unique jewelry.
5	I have purchased several custom made, dear to my heart pieces from Debbie, her gift does not only shine through in her creations but in the way she deals with her clients and their requests, very professional and personable.  I love my new sea turtle necklace, thank you! Trina
