5	I has such a pleasant experience here that I felt compelled for the first time to add this as a new business on yelp. I went here shortly after moving to Vegas from LA. After getting ripped off at office after office in LA, this was a nice change of pace. First off, everyone that works here is nice. You can tell they genuinely enjoy doing their jobs and meeting their patients' needs. Dr. Rodriguez is fantastic. She did not beat around the bush trying to sell me things I don't need, like every other dentist I've been to. She administered exactly the care I needed, nothing more, nothing less. She made some suggestions about my teeth based on my concerns, but I did not leave feeling pressured to buy anything or scared about the future of my teeth if I did not. They were able to knock out a consultation, cleaning, x rays, and fillings in a couple hours, which is more than I can say I've accomplished in one day in the past.
3	I gave this place a 3 Only because of the Orthodontics part of this practice. Dentist: She is very sweet, but my last visit I had such a horrible experience. I waited for an hour for my appointment when I was even 15 minutes early. So stupid! people in the waiting room were even asking each other "so what time did you come in". After I waited for over an hour they sat me down in my own room where I waited for another 20 min. (I know this because that day I had to take a 2 hour lunch). After my check up was time for the dental hygienist. Honestly I had no time, he was another 20 min wait and I just had enough of them that day so I left.Waiting: Dental office Horrible! / Orthodontist wait time 10 min.Staff: It seemed like there were many workers just they weren't doing anything but talking in the hallways. Front desk: She was sweet the only good thing about the office. Orthodontics: The orthodontics is totally separate from the dental office. They're actually really nice and they're quick Except on yelp they don't have their own listing so unfortunately I have to rate them here. Honestly the orthodontist and his staff are THE BEST. Very nice, funny & trust worthy! YES I SAID IT!TRUST WORTHY ORTHODONTIST!!!
2	Make sure the front desk schedules you. They seem to have a lot of scheduling errors. I was told my appointment was 12:15 so I showed up at 12:05pm. I waited and waited until I finally asked "is today even my appointment?" the front desk girls says yes at 12:45pm. Which is a lie, I even have the printed scheduling paper she have me a month ago stating 12:15. Guess they bumped my appointment to 12:45PM with out a notice. So here I am stuck sitting for over 40 on my lunch break. When I could be eating not waiting for the stupid dentist.
1	Never got to see dentist or meet staff in person because I had scheduling issues right off the bat. Moved from Cali and called this office first. Was leery when I was told the dentist would clean my teeth? Yikes. So...I kept the appt but after thinking about it called back and asked why this office can't staff hygienist's. Reply was they do but only like 2 days a week...another yikes! So, I decided there are many offices that staff 5 days a week with multiple hygienists and rather take a chance getting more schedule dates made conveniently for clients. I know how hard it is to get a dentist appt. it gets worse! I cancel 3 weeks before the appointment. But to do this I had to leave a message. Then finally called back to cancel and placed on hold forever. Then to top it off! They call us to remind us we have an appoint (we cancelled). I call the day before the appointment and you know what happens next! They tell me that nobody notified them it was cancelled, basically calling us liars instead of apologizing. When I told her I shouldn't have been inconvenienced to have to call back and be placed on hold 4.39 minutes. She said she had another call and had to take care of a patient. They need to re-evaluate their customer service practices. The dentist may be great but I will never know and  sadly they forget how many other big dentist offices there are!  They need to have a staff leadership evaluations and do customer satisfaction surveys. They loose more people than I think they realize...
4	I like this place, And the staff is nice.They do get busy at times,So you may have to wait or be here for a little longer.Most dentist offices That I've been to get busy, so I understand if I wait a little longer than usual.I would give them 5 stars but since they can get backed up I give them 4 star raiting.I hope this info can be helpful
