2	This course plays 67.9/117 from the white tees at right around 6000 yds.  The course itself isn't that bad if you can get round all the bare spots in the fairways.  It's challenging enough for most recreational golfers.My issue is with the grounds crew.  They have no tact or etiquette.  They feel it's appropriate to work around the green/in the bunkers while you are trying to hit into the green.  They feel it is appropriate to mow the back tee box while you are trying to hit your tee shot from the white tees.  This hasn't only happened once or twice.  It's a regular occurrence.  They simply do not care.This morning, I was at the tee box on 14 (par 3), there was one gentleman on the green.  The grounds guy hauled a** by me and right up to the green while the other guy was trying to putt and started to smooth the bunker.  Just kept going while that guy was putting and on into my tee shot.
1	Course was in terrible shape. Paid $30 to hit off dirt fairways. Don't waste your time at this course.
1	Horrible golf rangers. Harassed me and my daughter all day about being slow. She is a beginner and wanted to show her a nice course. I WAS WRONG! Do not go to this course if you are not PGA quality. Rangers told me I would be happier playing somewhere else!
1	This place should be planted with orange trees. Very rough fairways and the owner doesn't know the first thing about customer service. Will not go back. The only saving grace is the hamburger and fries in the grill area. Would like to see them spend more money at great Eagle versus their other course Arizona Traditions.
3	Just opened following winter over seeding. Course played surprisingly well. Tees and fairways were in good shape. The greens were really slow from the overseeing but held and putted very well considering. Expected to play "automatic 2-putt" but all the greens were good. The rough was a golf ball eating monster. Deep heavy bermuda swallowed up shots and hid the balls. Would certainly play again.
5	Love the course this year.  The fairways are so much better than ever.   They have done a lot of improvements.  You can see the coyotes resting near the ponds
