3	Nice little dive bar at the end of Willy St.  Cheap beer.  Pool table.  Jukebox.  What else do you need?  Can get smoky.  Maybe once this town goes smoke-free, I'll go there more.  If Mickey's doesn't collaspe.  I think the cigarette smoke there may be load-bearing.
4	Goddamn this place feels good. It's a house, it's a bar, the atmosphere is devoid of replicability. If I were a chain smoker, I'd never leave.
4	Madison's got a little of everything; but really just a *little* of most things, and irish pubs is one of them.  There are only a couple, and this is probably the best, most low-key and most authentic one.
5	I can finally give this bar five stars now that it is smoke-free.  Don't get me wrong, I like a cigarette now and again (and again) but the airflow in this place was not conducive to anything but black lung.  I love the different rooms in this bar which used to be a house.  It is kind of like being at a high school house party, but with the kitchen replaced by a nice bar area.  Neat-o!  I came here one night and there was a group of about ten people playing  violins, accordions, even a harp!  Totally legit Irish music, what a nice surprise!
5	For some reason, I loved this bar.  It just seemed so lonesome out on the end of Willie Street.  We'd often bike all the way over from campus to spend a night drinking here.  The bar is filled with Willie Street characters and regulars, and further back, there are a number of chill rooms with sofas, pool, and pinball.  It's well isolated from the more annoying elements of the campus and capitol square clientele.
5	Everything I want in a local bar: stumbling distance, pool tables, (clean) couches and a large private patio. The bartenders are friendly and the musical selection on the jukebox is unmatched. My favorite part: the layout! It's a house AND a bar! Very neat-o. Go for the drink deals and great service, stay for the diverse crowd and friendly conversation. Can taste a little like Amateur Night on weekends, so if you're averse to the thong-and-makeup crowd or fighty lightweights, go during the week. VERY service-industry crowd friendly!
4	great local tavern. and i have to say it, since today is st. patty's day, it's not an irish bar. mickey was german through and through. his name wasn't even mickey! it was milton.anyway, they've got good stuff on tap: guinness, futhermore proper, new glarus spotted cow, shiner bock, leinies original, lakefront's cream city pale ale, bells two hearted ale, and capital's seasonal. plenty of bevvie's in bottles; too many to list them all here.(edit: 4/25/08: shiner is gone, in its place is good ol' pbr.)they've also got daily drink specials and frequent live music. if you're into irish jams, there's a group that comes in every wednesday at 8p. the jukebox selection should suffice anyone's desire for tunes.(edit: 01/21/08: irish jam is over at the end of january)there's a patio in back with tables and chairs; and heaters for the smokers who want to go out when it's cold. inside are a pool table, pinball machine, and darts for those who don't want to belly up to the bar.(edit: 01/21/08: pinball and darts have been removed to make room for dining tables.)rumors of a kitchen-in-progress are true, but timing hasn't been finalized. stay tuned for bar-food-ala-janey (of lazy jane's cafe).(edit: 01/21/08: delicious meals are now available! burgers, salads, sexy fries [slices of potatoes smothered with truffle oil and parmesan cheese], mac n cheese, pork sandwiches, and yummy soup.)(edit: 4/25/08: now serving brunch on saturdays and sundays! they open at 10. excellent bloody marys, vegetarian benedict, breakfast burrito, salmon scramble, and janey's yummy waffles with peaches & cream.)and remember, tipping isn't a city in china!
4	This place is very cool.Being from Chicago, the best comparison is "Danny's"The best part are all the little rooms coming off of the main bar room that are painted in all  kinds of funky colors with lots of interesting furnishings.My husband and I had fun taking portraits in each room.The outdoor beer garden is super pleasant and they make a goodvodka gimlet.minus one star for the dumb ATM that ate my money...booo..beware.
5	It's kind of like your second living room, except cooler with a little outdoor beer garden full of tables, chairs and even a heater in the winter time. There are several rooms with brightly colored walls vintage furniture and accessories.  The drinks are strong and there's decent beer on tap. There really is no better bar in town. I miss you Mickey's.
5	Mickey's is chalked full of old-school vibe and hometown personality, without being excessively hippie or hipster.  Each room is different, one a living room with red walls and mirrors, another with pale green walls and old school photographs. Tasty and cheap define the drinks, with 6 dollar pitchers of Newcastle-type ales or Old Style, depending on your tastes. The crowd is neighborhoodish, folk-alt-country groups often play on the weekends, and don't forget about the small pool table and darts.Mickey's is a must-experience for Madisonians and visitors who tire of the increasing blandness of the State Street scene.
5	I love this place.  It's a neighborhood bar that's hip and trendy without trying.  The patio is a smokers paradise, in summer anyway.  They just added food and the sexy frites are pretty awesome.  I had the "Greatest Sandwich in the World," as they call it.  I've had better sandwiches, but that wouldn't stop me from recommending it.  They've got a nice game room, a nice sitting room full of mirrors.  Another one of the bars that gives you a couple settings which allows you to get the right feeling.  They also have a lot of cool live bands there so that adds a little liveliness.The lady who owns Lazy Jane's Cafe owns this place, so she knows a thing or two running a cool joint.  Gotta like Mickeys.
3	Mickey's Tavern is a "nice" place. They have nice bartenders and really cozy atmosphere, so if you are in the casual mood, this is a good place to come with friends and talk. I'm not sure if this would be a party scene. Summer months seem to have more fun as the outside seating area open up.*Updates*I had the chance to sit outside and enjoy a very fine evening with friends. We ordered "Sexy fry", which supposedly is a french fry with truffle oil. It was SO good especially on a empty stomach after a softball game. It was a perfect accompaniment to beer and good time.
4	I really love their outdoor patio.  It is a great place to chill and have a beer in the summertime--and Mickey's really does have oh-so-many tasty microbrews on tap!  I love the concept of the indoor bar, as well.  It's a converted house with each room painted a different color.  My favorite is the reddish-room just off of the main bar area.I just tried the food last night.  I had a "Mickey's Burger," which was good, but I've had better.  I was super excited to try the "Sexy Fries," which are thin slices of potatoes with truffle oil and parmesan.  Really, they weren't that great.  They might have been if the potatoes had been evenly layered with the oil and parmesan, but only a few slices on the whole stack seemed to have any flavor.  I dunno about you, but I don't really like eating plain potatoes.  The cheese curds weren't all cooked completely, which was extremely sad because I could see their potential for being phenomenal if they had been.  They had a good coating and tasty cheese, but it just wasn't melted thoroughly.  I'd eat here again, anyway.
5	While back in Madison I had brunch at Mickey's  twice, and a pizza one night. Everything was really yummy and reasonably priced.
3	Mickey's is...interesting. I dig all the different rooms, which make for nice places to get away and chat. The few times I've been there, the bar area is PACKED full, people are all elbows, and it takes forever to get a drink. I love the outdoor area, might be my favorite behind Jolly Bob's as far as that goes. Well, I guess that if you survive getting to and from the actual bar, it's a nice place.
4	I've been converted. Mickey's is a GREAT place to hang out on the east side... probably the best place to just chill. Gentlemen, you're odds of picking up a gal are certainly better elsewhere, but that's not why you would  come here anyway. Right?I'll admit, the musicians they book can be hit or miss, but all in all it's a great joint... even if the service is kinda slow.I've upgraded Mickey's from 3 stars to 4. I just don't know what was wrong with me before.
4	During the few wintry months I lived in Madison - after moving from LA and before moving to Milwaukee - this was my sole, dependable drinking spot.  Good jukebox, good pool table, lots of rooms to explore, and reasonably-priced drinks.  Mickey's was a godsend after being subjected to LA's uniformly horrible bars.
4	Damn it. I like this place, don't get me wrong.  I just feel a little out of place.  From what I understand, they only recently started serving food.The food I got kind of sucked.  It's just that whenever I hear a server say "pork burrito," I just can't friggin' resist.  So when our tattooed, pierced server told us of such a special, I had to do it.  In retrospect I should have gotten the sandwich that had a fried egg on it, and bacon.  The vibe is great, one of the oldest bars in Madison.  They've clearly expanded their space, branching out to all of the small rooms adjacent to the bar, adding pool tables and kitschy couches, lamps, etc. They've also opened up a nice little patio.  Even if it is clouded thickly with cigarette smoke.  It was here where I had the "sexy" fries and the pork burrito (I should have known better).  Maybe it's because I'm such a taqueria snob, but the flavors really weren't layered.  I later thought of it as more of a pork stew burrito.  Blech.What's the deal with smoking anyway?  Is it cool again?  There's something cathartic I guess about sitting down, drinking a few beers with your cigarettes placed within reach.  Oral fixation, plus a coolness factor that can't be denied.  Something to do with your hands and mouth that make you look complicated, without having to say a damn thing.Well, all it does for me is sting my eyes and make my pork stew burrito taste...marginally better.After a couple glasses of beer, I listened intently as all the smokers compared the shapes of their noses and told Michael Jackson jokes, you know, the ones that refer to him as a pedophile.Whatever, I'd go back , but only if I had a full pack of p-funks and a bohemian sheik goddess bride, adorned with tattoos and nose rings. Such is the near East side of Madison, or so I've been told.  Where the old hippies and the new hipsters hang out, to see, and be seen.  To smoke, to eat sexy fries and egg sandwiches, and tell bad jokes.  Really bad jokes.
4	Well, its a house converted into a tavern. So the seating arrangements can sometimes be tricky; BUT if you can get a group of people together and grab one of the rooms with couches I guarantee you'll have a terrific evening!The prices are reasonable and the drink specials are ok, they sometimes have live music which makes for a good time!!
3	Joined a few friends here for Sunday brunch, but none of us realized that they don't open until 10(a bit late, in my opinion) though...so we were stuck loitering for a half hour outside..Thankfully, it was nice out, so when we were let in, we decided to go right back outside--onto the back patio. There are quite a few tables outside, several large enough for 6-8 people.Two of us decided that bloody mary's were a must, and I was pleased. They came topped with an array of veggies, but the drink  itself was a bit mild for my taste. I meant to ask for extra spice...but forgot. I tried the World's Greatest Sandwich, which was basically a BLT with an egg. Good, but not great. Certainly not the World's Greatest. The slaw that came on the side was a nice touch, though. It was tangy and not mayo-laden. The scrambles looked yummy, too. Our server was friendly and competent, which is always a plus. So, all in all, Mickey's is a good Sunday brunch for late risers who enjoy outdoor dining!
4	I love this place. It is literally a house half-converted to a bar. Pretty low key place to stop. I am going to make a regular visit when I am in the Willy St area.Also has a nice outdoor patio... so get there while the weather is still tolerable.
5	Kick arse brunchKick arse bloodyKick arse coffeeKick arse serviceKick arse atmosphereOnly suggestion is that they carry a small selection of single malt whiskeys (Laphroaig, Caol Ila, Talisker, Glenlivet, etc).
4	I went here for brunch on Sunday and absolutely loved it! The building feels like it's someone's house that just happens to have a full bar instead of a kitchen. There are also a few other rooms to sit in or play billiards. The food was cheap and tasted great. If you are looking for a brunch place downtown this a great option.
4	I recently went to Mickey's Tavern for brunch after Mickey's Dairy Bar was closed. What a great place! When I walked in I thought it was really small, but then my friend led our group to the back rooms. The atmosphere and layout were so cool. It felt like I was in someone's living room just hanging out and eating breakfast. The food was great, too. The bloody mary had the perfect amount of spice and a great variety of vegetables to top it off. The waitress was even kind enough to bring me more olives. My boyfriend, friend and I all ordered the eggs any style with toast and breakfast potatoes with a side of bacon. Everything was great. My other friend ordered the vegetarian scrambler which looked pretty tasty. Very satisfied with my experience and would love to go back.
4	me and three people ate burgers, got a pitcher, and got out of there for $50. i'm pretty down with that.
3	Love the vibe, feel, and decor. Bartenders are friendly and fast. Mixed drinks are robust and tasty.Food is mediocre; I had the "world's greatest sandwich" and thought it was average at best. I've also tried the burgers and the pizza - both are decent but no better than anyone else's.Beer selection is disappointing. Very limited offerings.Probably a 2.25-star joint, but the vibe and stellar service bump it to a 3.Summary:Service = 4.5 stars (great bartenders)Food = 2.75 stars (average; not bad - just not great)Value = 4 stars (reasonably priced drinks)Misc = 3 stars (awesome vibe; limited beer selection)
5	Mickey's is great.  A dive bar full of locals, you'll often see the same character sitting at the same place at the bar every night of the week.  When smoking was allowed, Mickey's had the thickest most choking atmosphere in the city.  The decorating is a bright and eclectic celebration of second hand stores and vintage lighting.  New to the place is the food menu, which is surprisingly delicious and not your typical greasy bar menu.  The pizzas are hand made and really quite good.  The smoking ban has prompted Mickey's to create a fairly expansive back patio, great for sitting outside in the summer and whiling away the hours drinking pitchers of PBR with your friends.  Definitely the haven of wastoids and would-be philosophers, Mickey's has become my go-to joint for hanging out with friends or grabbing food or a beer solo.
5	After a knitting group I attend had a really unpleasant experience in our last location, Mickey's has been our new, amazing home.  In addition to the awesome atmosphere, excellent service, and scrumptious food, they've gone out of their way to welcome us, even once baking us our own cake and having Jane herself come to tell us to make ourselves at home.  Mickey's is simply one of my favorite places in Madison, period.
5	If pressed, I'd have to say that Mickey's is my favorite bar in Madison, which, as you know, is a town full of great bars.  I come to Mickey's for three reasons, in ascending order of awesomeness-of-experience: typical bar-going; my Wednesday knitting group; and their weekend brunch.Mickey's as a bar is fun and homey.  It's a collection of different rooms, plus an outdoor patio, which on summer evenings is a divine place to have a beer with friends.  The beer selection itself isn't huge, but it's definitely more than adequate.  The bartenders are friendly and don't play favorites.  There's lots of seating and standing room.  The crowd is local, pleasant, and hip, but not too hip -- the "swivel factor" is pretty low here.  And they host cool stuff like April '10's Karaoke Underground, which was one of the funnest nights of my life!Mickey's has been incredibly accommodating to our fairly rowdy, 10- to 20-person knitting group as well; while they couldn't reserve a space for us for our Wednesday evening meetings (we generally gather from 5-ish to 9-ish), the back room is usually available, and the wait staff is always gracious as we clamor for booze, soda and food.  They're responsive to our requests and frequently check on us.  Jane herself even dropped by once to welcome us!But my favorite reason to come to Mickey's is their weekend brunch, which I adore so much that my boyf and I have made it a Saturday-morning ritual.  The World's Greatest Sandwich (a BLT with a fried egg and Swiss cheese) is, indeed, the world's greatest sandwich, and their bloodies are always topped with a delicious assortment of pickled vegetables (my favorite is the Brussels sprout).  The coffee is serve-yourself (yes!!) and FREE (YES!!!!).  The waiters and bartenders are very sweet and always smile politely when I give them my Sally Albright-style sandwich specifications.  The food in general is actually really good -- everything I've tried has been tasty -- although, as a creature of habit, I do tend to stick to the WSG.So, Mickey's is really more than just a bar -- it's a restaurant, a meeting place, and the kind of cozy, quirky establishment that makes me thank my lucky stars I live in the Wil-Mar neighborhood.
5	Love this place, and come here almost every week with my knitting group.  The mac 'n cheese is high quality stuff made with good cheese, so I recommend trying it even if you're not a fan of Kraft (I'm not!).
5	i really, really, really like this place. today was my first time here, after living in the area for a year and driving past about a bazillion times. so finally we decided to hit it for brunch. the service was a little slow, and the bloody mary was just ok (but it came with a massive amount of salad, which is always a plus in my book)... however, the food was fan-tas-tic. i had a wisconsin peasant sandwich, which had scrambled eggs, feta, spinach, tomatoes and pesto on grilled bread. YUM. my bf had the mickey burger and loved the fact that someone had the idea to put giardiniera on a burger. i like the fact that the coffee and water is just sitting out on a counter, so if you're thirsty, you can get your ass up and get it yourself. also, the decor is really cool, colorful vintage stuff, which certainly doesn't hurt. there's pool in the back and a few different seating areas.we'll definitely be frequenting mickey's again soon.
4	Mickey's is an awesome place to go to have a few drinks with friends.  Its both large and intimate because of all the little rooms.  It also has one of the best outdoor patios.  The food is amazing.  Excellent pizza and tasty brunch.  Try the Bloody Mary...its really delicious.  And the live music is always free.
4	I really enjoy Mickeys. And now with brunch on the weekends I really love it. Great scrambles. Try the tranquilla. Super tasty and good for a drink before noon.
4	Great bar.  Great food.  Good selection of beer - on tap and bottled.  I like having lunch in the outdoor seating area on a nice sunny day and I've seen many great musical performances in the bar at night.  My only complaints are that the "stage" area can get quite cramped and that second-hand smoke can be annoying when dining outside.The bartenders at Mickey's range from exceptionally good to really crappy. Please don't write the bar off if you happen to get a crappy one on your first visit.
4	My kind of place.*casual vibe; laid-back clientele*great selection of beers, (not surprisingly, very Wisconsin-centric)*jukebox, with a wide variety of tunes*nice crowd (but not too crowded)*delicious looking food (we just had dinner so we didn't eat, but others seemed to be enjoying it)*friendly bartenders*comfortable bar stools (a much-appreciated detail; I have a bony ass)Mickey's is just the kind of place where you could spend an evening and not feel the need to go anywhere else. We did just that.
4	I don't really hang out at bars a whole lot, but that being said; Mickey's is my favorite bar in Madison to hang out at. On nights that there isn't live music it is fairly low key and generally full of friendly (and attractive) people. The service is good, the food is really tasty (especially the coleslaw and sexy fries), the atmosphere is great, and they have just enough beers that it doesn't take me forever to decide what I want. The best part about the place really is the atmosphere though. The decor, the couches, the back patio, the lighting; it all just works.
4	As everyone else has already said, the atmosphere in Mickey's is great. All of the different rooms allow for a certain element of privacy, but there is also a friendly, neighborhood-y vibe. I got lunch there with some friends the other day, and had the "World's Greatest Sandwich," which has 1 fried egg (over easy), bacon, cheese, lettuce, and tomato. For me, it would have been "greater" with 2 eggs and riper/more flavorful tomatoes. That said, the egg was cooked perfectly, and the bacon was nice and crispy. Also got a bloody mary, which was OK, though not great (didn't quite have that zing, you know?), though it came with a beer chaser, which  is always appreciated.
4	I love Mickey's. I love that it's a converted old house, with the back rooms still looking as such with bright paint and comfy couches. There's a pool table in back, and the bar area also serves as concert space. In the warmer months their huge patio is perfect for a nice night chatting with friends. The drinks run strong (last night we couldn't taste the difference between the whiskey ginger and whiskey Sprites we ordered) and the beer is cold. Sometimes the bartenders can be a little gruff (though never rude or mean), but that's half the fun. Bonus points for supposedly being haunted by a guy who got knifed. No old building is complete without a good ghost story.
4	I Love the decor and the original charm kept when converting the house into a bar. The little rooms in the back with the old couches and furniture are great for hanging out with a small group of people.The food is fun, with a name like "sexy fries", who wouldn't be tempted? It isn't gourmet by any means, but for casual hippie/hipster-area bar its perfect. Willy Street is of course, a great location, with lots of other bars and restaurants a hop, skip, and a jump away; and the people who hang out or live around the area are great.If I lived a little closer, Mickey's would be a main hangout.
2	First time to Mickey's and I wasn't much impressed. As other reviewers have stated, both the quality and service are inconsistent. I guess we got a bad night. My companion ordered a dry vodka martini, up, with a twist. Waitress wasn't sure they could do a twist (really?). Martini glass arrives with olives in it and as the waitress pours the martini out of the shaker, she  says, "that doesn't look right." It was in fact, discolored. The bartender had used *sweet* vermouth. Yes, some real competence there.Our party had to ask twice for water, and my second beer was never delivered. Our sandwiches were good, but the fries were nothing more than glorified chips. The $1 upcharge for the sexy version (with white truffle oil and parmesan) wasn't worth it.I'm sure the regulars like the place, but I'd stick with beer next time.
4	my friends have always been big fans of Mickeys and since I've moved closer, I frequent it much more often. I like the atmosphere a lot, anyone can feel welcome here from 70 yr old biker dudes to sorority girls, you'll find them all at Mickeys.  And I live how it feels like youre at a house party, with all of the cozy couches and little books.The prices are in line with what you'll find around Madison ($6 so co old fashion, $4 ale asylum beer) and they have standard bar food.Fun place, me likey.
5	Nice beer selection, killer garlic fries/chips, super cool old building, and small.  If I lived in this neighborhood, Mickey's would be my go-to watering hole.
5	Great little bar. Been here a few times for evening festivities, and went today for the first time for lunch with my husband. He got the Mac & Cheese, which he said was just a little bit too cheesy, but still VERY good, just can't eat a lot of it at once. I got the reuben with "sexy" fries. Not a huge fan of the fries, but I can see how someone might find them delicious. I just didn't care for the white truffle sauce they were tossed in. Tasted a bit too mushroomy to me. Still a 5 star review though, because the staff is always wonderful, the building is quaint and cozy, and my sandwich was absolutely delicious. I will definitely be back, just probably won't order the "sexy" fries again... ;)
4	On a Friday night:Cute, fun, cozy. The bar was pretty busy and so kind of slow. A band was getting ready to play and there were a few obnoxious microphone screeches. We played pool, and there were plenty of places to sit around the table. The drinks were strong enough for me! Love that they kept it homey and house-like.
4	Best pulled pork in town!  You have to try the sexy fries...and do it when you can sit on the back patio and have a few drinks.  The bartenders are usually crabby but the servers are always awesome!
4	I used to pass this place every day when I headed to school.  I started going there right after college around 2000.  It was still a little rough around the edges as in it catered to both hipsters and the local scumbags.  Now it is full on yupster / stroller contingent.  Now there's always a marginal band that's always too loud.  Still like it though as it will always be home.
5	I love this bar!  The pulled pork sandwich is delicious! ...and I'm picky about my pulled pork sandwiches.  There are different rooms that each have their own feel.  There is a great seating area outside, although the cigarette smoke can often linger and make it nasty to be out there.  Its just a relaxed bar where real people go to have a good time.  Love it.
5	I love Mickey's in the morning and in the afternoon, especially in the evening on the patio underneath the moon. Lived in this neighborhood for about a year, and Mickey's was by far my favorite place to hang out.  The weekend brunch is decidedly solid, especially given their awesome breakfast potatoes.  My husband and I would most often share the scramble du jour and the special breakfast sandwich-consistently rotating and consistently good.  I especially liked the specials featuring pulled pork.  I only ate dinner here once, but the pulled pork burrito I had that night was delicious.  I would be remiss not to mention the best feature of brunch: the rocking Bloody Mary with a beer back.  The Bloody Mary is hearty and spicy, and the beer helps to neutralize the bite and provides a clean finish.  The pairing is so natural and the Bloody so good that Bloody Mary's at other establishments suffer by comparison.  Don't try it unless you're ready to set a new bar for Bloody Mary consumption (and spend the afternoon in a blissful state of buzzed slumber).
4	Was in town for one night only, wanted to check out some local music.  Based on a review in the Onion, chose this place, very wisely.  Cool, divey neighborhood bar with a lively but relaxed crowd, attentive bartenders, and a good beer selection.  Didn't get to sample the food, but suspected that it was very good by the feel of the place and the specials on the chalkboard near the bar, and it looks like that's the case based on the reviews below.  The stage was near the front entrance, and there was surprisingly good sound and clear vocals given the set up.  It was busy but not so jammed that it was difficult to move around.  Good show, Mickey's.
4	Stopped here on our way through Madison to canoe up north at the recommendation of other yelpers.  If I lived closer, I would be a regular.  This place is nostalgic and comfortable.  The bartender (might be an owner) was super nice and makes a mean bloody!  Sexy fries aren't just pretty - they have a little complexity from the truffle oil and the parmesan.  The burger and reuben were both solid and the wedge salad was fresh!   The skill of the kitchen folks comes through here...a step above bar food.  Next time I am heading North, I will be stopping at Mickey's and maybe we can stay longer this time....
4	The outdoor seating is superb.  The waitstaff is always friendly, even if at times inattentive.  The drinks are strong and reasonably priced, and the food is delicious.
4	The decor is cool, the food and drinks, OK, the patio lovely. Just don't be in a hurry.
5	Mickey's is really the only place in town that feels right anymore. There's nothing pretentious or phony about it, it's a neighborhood bar that is honest to the core. All the old fixtures remain, augmented by the wacky, thrift-store additions of the owner. Different times bring in different crowds. There are regulars at happy hour, a young, hipper crowd that pushes in during music shows, families and couples at brunch....Mickey's recently started serving food and it's as good of bar food as you'll find. Skip the fancy restaurant and sample the menu here. It's good, locally sourced, lovingly prepared food that can be hearty or delicate - whatever strikes your fancy.It's Mickey's. You'll love it.
5	One of my favorite watering holes in Madison.  Has got to have one of the most eclectic set of patrons I have seen.  Hipsters, homeless, emos, conservatives (me), and queer, it is a great mix.  Drinks are hella strong and have some great nightly specials.  I also think their food is great for a bar.  It doesn't try to be anything it is not...It doesn't have to as it is that cool.
5	Tied with Tattooed Moms in Philly for the best bar ever award! Just go... you won't be disappointed, and you won't need alot of money, either. Have some great bar food (the sexy fries will actually make you sexier..), free wi-fi (Spike!),  cheap happy hour drinks, and if you're a smoker you can light up at the adorable patio seating area outside (umbrellas!)...and remember to tip the staff well, they deserve it for always being friendly and unique.. it is a cash only establishment, so leave your plastic at home...Oh Madison how I miss you....= ^ {
3	i suppose it's a testament to mickey's that we actually closed out this place on a sunday night despite: - a buncha day-after-stpatricks weirdos including middle-aged ladies talking about santorum and 2 girls 1 cup- open mic nightcrazy cheap drinks. friendly service. outdoor patio. a separate room for the quieter patrons and the pool hustlers. what else do you want?
2	Four little friends went to brunch. One ordered the tofu scramble and instead got the scramble of the day.One ordered wheat berry toast and got sourdough instead.One was disappointed with the portions. And ran out of water because the water container was empty for a good 20 minutes.One was happy. Even though the service was slow. Yes, the food tasted good. But it may have been too little too late.
5	Fantastic food with a great beer selection. One of Madison's oldest bars and still going strong! The night crowd tends towards the hipster and those who want to be "cutting edge" but don't have the guts to venture out into the world like NYC, Chicago or LA. Daytime tends towards more working class and grad students. It is as close to the old 602 Club as anyone will ever get and that makes it work.
5	One of my favorite hang outs in Madison. Low key, with great staff.
3	Visiting my daughter in Madison we came here for after dinner drinks.Staff is great- place is fun!Worst vodka Collins ever and so-so vodka cranberry but thankfully great local brews.Smoky as hell on  the patio so it is inside for us.Will look forward to trying their food which my daughter says is good.All in all a good hanging out spot.
4	A really good neighborhood-type place with fine bar food and great beverages at really fair prices. The outdoor area is great in good weather. Had some chili and a Mickey's Burger with sexy fries. Delicious, but this is big food and they nearly put me down for the count. Friendly servers who forgot one of our drink orders, but then realized it, apologized, and comped us with a round! And they were darn nice to my dog too.
5	Great pub grub. Good sandwiches for everyone including vegans (i.e. me) - the Lonestar - without the coleslaw.
4	Oh Mickey('s) you're so fine!Good bloodiesGood burgersGood beer selectionGood brunchGood (b)atmosphereLove ya Mickey's.  I only wish I visited you more often.
4	I enjoyed Sunday brunch here with a huge group. We had to wait a little while to be seated inside, but it was well worth it. It's definitely an old house that's been converted into a restaurant with seating in several different rooms. We got to sit on a couch and a comfy chairs around a large table. I had the tofu scramble (as did several others in my group) and it was pretty much to die for. I also tried a blueberry house kombucha with vodka....YUM!
3	I like Mickey's, I really do, but the last time I went, the service was horrible. Previous visits included drinking only, and a sample of my friend's sexy fries! And I must say that the bloody mary's are awesome and include an amazing assortment of accoutrements...this is NOT your usually celery stick. You get a pickled mushroom, brussel sprout, olive, pickle, and who knows what else. Meal in a glass! Onto the disappointment. I recently went for brunch and arrived just after my friends received their food. I ordered a drink and food, a friend ordered another drink, and another asked for a coffee. The waitress seemed super overwhelmed by our monstrous order. The waitress brought my bloody mary and forgot my friend's. My friend asked for the bloody mary again. The bloody came and after about 15 minutes, still no coffee. Coffee ordered again after the waitress returned to our table 20 minutes later. We see her take a shot at the bar in the distance. Finally, drinks and coffee are on the table. It was an hour after I had ordered my food and still no food. I asked the waitress (after her 3rd shot at the bar) and she had forgotten to put in the food order. By that time, the bloody mary and nibbles of my friends' chips had been sufficient. I said nevermind to the food order (not knowing how long it would take to arrive!) and drank another bloody mary. All in all, cool spot, crappy service (at least on that occassion).
4	Last night I had gone out to dinner with a friend in Madison and after the dinner we found ourselves with nothing better to do at 7 pm on a Sunday night. I know Madison is a substantial town, but 7 pm on a Sunday night does not leave a whole lot of options. But then I remembered I had Mickey's in my back pocket. I would give Mickeys 5 stars on two conditions. The first is if both beers I wanted were actually on tap (the tap ran out and no one switched out the kegs), and the second is if the bartenders just spend a little less time flirting and goofing around with each other. Having said that, I get that being a bartender at an establishment like this is not really about being too serious so I get it. Another thing to take into consideration is the parking. As it is on Willy Street, the parking can be a headache but this wasn't the case on a Sunday night. I've eaten their brunch on other occasions. Solid brunch. In the past I have had the breakfast burrito and it was one of the better breakfast burritos I have had. I also think Mickey's happens to have the best bloody mary in Madison. When someone finds a better one, please send me a message to let me know. The friend I took was just as enamored with the place as I was upon my first visit there. Everytime I go to Mickeys it is just a hodge-podge of people. There really is no set "group" of people that go into this bar. I made my friend take a walk through tour of this bar with me; what can you expect, this bar is in an old house. The different themed rooms complete with chalkboards in the bathroom just make this a place to experience.If you love to sit, drink a beer and people watch get to Mickeys. Now. You won't be sorry.P.s. Cash Only
5	Came here on a weeknight. Told myself that I would only go in if I found a parking spot in their tiny lot. SO SO glad there was. Time Lapse of Night:8:00 - walk in & had a seat at bar.8:01 - Ordered Sexy Fries (sm) & Bloody Mary.8:10 - Bloody arrives8:15 - Sexy fries arrives8:15-8:45 - Txted,eat, chatted with bartenders8:45-? - Someone finally sat next to me. Thus chatted and meant more people. Sexy Fries your so fine.The small size could feed at least 2 people. Thinly cut. Great balance of some slices extra crispy, some soft. Drizzled with just the right amount of  truffle oil and topped with a snow shower of parmesan.The Bloody Mary is so far the best on my quest to try as many at any establishment that carries them. Just look at my picture you can see the shredded horseradish and ground pepper. Almost creamy, super rich and kickin.The bartenders were on top of asking if needed anything and friendly. An atmosphere of it's own that worth checkin out. Great diverse crowd.Glad to say that my first time in bar by myself was memorable and not scary. You did good Mickey's
5	Great, laid back atmosphere with a unique layout.  Attentive bartenders - make great sangria!  Ordered lunch - the coconut squash soup is to die for!!!!  The bloody's are some of the best we've had.  We've returned several times and will continue to do so.
5	Brussel sprouts in your bloodies? Truffle oil on your fries? Kimchi for an appetizer? YES PLZ!
4	I'm gonna say this is not worth the wait even if the food is gold. I've been waiting for 45 minutes and there's still no food yet!You really gotta come here with an attitude there's nothing else to get to.Ok. I ate. I changed my mind. I will be back. BUT I will bring work or some game to play during the one hour wait. Tofu scrambler. Best scrambler ever!!! Word of caution - if you're faint hearted for the oil, then you might not be suited for this deliciousness. There onions were perfectly cooked, the peanut butter brought out the awesome eggs and the spinach was perfectly done! It taste more like minced meat to me! Love it. Best scrambler ever!!My boy's biscuits and gravy were good but I've had better. Biscuits were a little dense for me and the gravy a little too runny. I took off a star for the wait. Not for people with little patience or things to hurry to
4	Initially I only knew this place as the "sexy fry" place. In fact, I thought this place was called "sexy fries" because that was what my friends called it.So I had a goose island ginger beer, my friend enjoyed a nice Crispin and her husband had an almond drink. We all ordered some burgers, which was clearly the way to go, and all subbed sexy fries. It was also pretty entertaining to see my friend's one year old chow down on Sexy Fries too - he was clearly a big fan of the truffle oil. We sat in the back room, where there were board games and a pool table (3 quarters for a game), and it was a great hipster Mother's Day dinner. Also, across the street is a "Brew and Grow" place, which I also found entertaining. I'm officially a fan of the "sexy fries" place, whatever name you choose to call it by.
4	This was the breakfast I wanted at Plaka Taverna.Mickey's is a small, divey bar that always seems like it's filled with hipsters. My family was up this weekend for graduation, and I took them there for breakfast--a first for me.Yes, a bar for breakfast. They apparently have awesome Bloody(s), but due to my hangover from post-grad celebrating, I passed.I had the eggs over easy, with toast and potatoes, and a side of bacon. Without the bacon? $4.50. Bargain.Eggs were cooked flawlessly, toast was wonderful (good bread, too!), and the home fries were outstanding--no hash/sliced ones like Plaka Taverna. Coffee was surprisingly good, too.We all got a form of eggs, except for my brother, who got the breakfast burrito--it came with kickass salsa and the flavor combo in it (chorizo, eggs, cheese) was great.I'll definitely be back. Pics of the breakfast/brunch menu are posted. Delicious.
4	YUMMY!!!! Fantastic drinks! Sexy Fries! The worlds greatest hamburger! I don't know what else to say. Our service was wonderful. The food took a little while but I was with great company so I thought the pace of the meal was leisurely; I didn't feel rushed to be in and out in an hour. My hamburger was sensational! They seasoned the meat perfectly, added that chipotle aioli and some perfectly peppery fried onions on a ciabatta bun! Delicious!! And Sexy fries... the name says it all. I will be back!
4	We've been to MIckey's probably a dozen times this year; I felt it was time to update the review.Once again - bar seats rule. If you're looking for more attentive/expedient service, the bar is where it's at. Not only is the service better, but the bar itself is really nice and the patrons are extremely friendly (and interesting).Great tap selection with special kegs that rotate fairly regularly. Their bloody marys are the stuff of legend. The expanisve deck/patio is nice for al fresco drinking; service will be a little more slow out there. The kitchen isn't fast, but I'm finding plenty of things that I really like on their menu - explore, be a little adventurous, and check out the daily specials. You'll be happy!One of my favorite east side hang-outs.
5	One of my favorite places in Madison. They definitely serve up the best bloody mary's in town. World's greatest sandwich is aptly named (add avocado!). Sexy fries are delicious. Importantly, they have good ranch here. Decent eggs benedict makes it a nice spot for brunch too. Fun, eclectic seating inside; lovely little patio outside. Only downside is they don't take cards, an obnoxiously common trend in this town.
4	Nice selection of beers and a decent menu. We had the sexy fries and they were delicious.  Outdoor seating area is pet friendly, even providing a dog bowl for water.
4	Great beer selection. Unique & clever mixed drinks. Elevated bar food. Sexy Fries = sliced, stacked, fresh potato chips with truffle oil, parm and chili flakes. Devine and devoured before we knew it.Chili Fries - Let's just say I will be here this fall when I want some chili. And I'm a picky chili eater.Yup - it was a fry kinda day.The patio out back is perfect for relaxing morning, noon or night. The menu isn't too large so you can be decisive. We'll be back for brunch sooner than later.
4	I like Mickey's because what you see is what you get. Someone had the brilliant idea of taking an awesome old house and putting a giant bar in the middle of it. Then they filled the bar with great Wisconsin beer. Then, they opened up the kitchen for brunch, lunch, and dinner and put delicious, local food in it. Delish.Plusses- great beer list- fun atmosphere (laid back, kinda hipster)- good foodMinuses- this place is "seat yourself", so sometimes you have to wait for people to leave in order to sit down- it can get a little crowded (but that is only because a lot of people like it, right?)
4	Slightly hungover, we made our way over to Mickey's on Sunday morning after a night out in Madison.  Seriously, just get me some coffee and some water and I'm good to go - for a while.  The water and coffee are both self-serve; My efforts to rehydrate and caffeineate were slowed because it meant I had to actually stand up.It's a smaller space with a back patio.  A little cramped.  I ordered the breakfast burrito without the tortilla.  It comes with delicious roasted potatoes.  My friend got the homemade granola and that looked amazing - I'll have to try next time.  Reasonably priced.  Decent service.  Great food.
5	Love: whiskey sours, drink prices, live music, ambiance, food - particularly, the coleslaw!!
5	Mickey's is a great little eclectic tavern on the East side.  The food is great and very reasonable, the drinks are strong, and the atmosphere awesome (if a tad on the loud side).  I ate the Mickey's burger, which has deservedly been voted best in Madison.  This is a favorite hangout, and I'll definitely be back.
5	A dive bar, but a dive bar with a patio and above average bar food. Pork taco type things on the appetizer menu were spicy and delicious and the mickey's burger was also solid. Sexy fries were a nice touch.  Server was knowledgeable about all the bottled and draft beers. Only downside is all the smoking on the patio and the failure to accept cards (get with the 90s guys!). Maybe not the best, fanciest food in town but for a neighborhood bar- five stars.
4	Brunch. PBR. Bloodys. Rooms a plenty. Patio. Mickeys makes wisco tavern hip again.
4	Rockin' tofu scrambler, solid egg-sausage-potatoes-sourdough-toast for the four dudes I went with (originality all around). Fun, relaxed atmosphere, service friendly but more or less what you'd expect at a tavern on a sluggish Saturday morning. I'll be back for cocktails and pool!
3	green pork chili, bloody mary,.....both great choices! however, as others said, i also had a 45/50 minute wait, and was "due to one chef" being there during their major rush time.  I know they mean well, but still was a frustrating experience compared to my first great one!!!
4	Didn't realize that Mickey's had food, as the few times I've been there have been later in the evening or to see a band. Had  dinner there this week. Started with a Six Point on tap (they had the Bengali IPA which was great, though I'd love to see Resin on tap) and the green chile pork, which came with 4 soft flour taco shells. The dish was excellent -- both the sauce and the pork were perfect. For an entree I had the mac and cheese with ring bolonga, one of my favorite comfort foods. Nothing to over the top, but it is hard to go wrong with sausage, noodles and cheese. My wife ordered the sexy fries, which sound much better on the menu than they were, I was a bit underwhelmed - I think I would have preferred the parmesan melted onto the chips, but still good. Loved the outdoor dining area, so I will definitely be back to try some other items.There were three waitresses the night were was there, and service was great.
5	One of the best bars in Madison! Great atmosphere, cheap drinks and often good crowd of regulars.
4	I love the homey neighborhood atmosphere here. It's my go to place for meeting up with friends and sometimes you will end up in conversations with friendly strangers. Drink prices are fair, food prices are fair and always delicious. The only downsides I can find is that there can sometimes be long waits for bathrooms and the service can be very slow since it is constantly busy.But no worries, I just come when I am not in a hurry to go anywhere else.
5	I didn't want my burger to end. The feta was the creamiest feta I have ever had. The staff were very accommodating. we asked if the one crispin was dry or sweet and they were not sure so they just cracked a bottle open and let us try it. I can't wait to come back here. Lovely vibe. Lovely staff, the best burger I have ever had! Try this place!!!
5	Mickey's Tavern has the best burgers in town. Always perfectly cooked and delicious. The chicken tacos are also amazing. I've had them several times and they have always been so very amazingly scrumptious. The tacos come with a spicy salad that is also very good.Things that I've ordered several times that I would recommend:  Biscuits & Gravy, Coconut Squash Soup and the Eggplant Panino. But really, anything you order will probably be worth it.The space is very casual and fun. The patio is nice when it's warmer, although you'll have to deal with smokers. They have a good selection of beer and make a good mixed drink. They make a good Bloody Mary, too.If you haven't been there, just go and check it out. I've never been disappointed.
5	Ive had the worlds greatest sandwich** three times now and it really is the worlds greatest sandwich. I highly recommend this sandwich not only because I have had dreams about this sandwich but because your are doing yourself a favor by getting this sandwich. I do always get it with the famous cole slaw and the kettle chips which are great as well. I always want to order something else off the menu because it sounds amazing, but this sandwich is far to tempting not to order.   ** I order this sandwich with the egg cooked over hard.
1	Stupid hipster place with shitty food and bad drinks. Just because you use (canned!) truffle oil doesn't mean your food is good. It is not. Seriously, I'm a long time resident who has been there many, many times because friends (almost always new to Madison) want to go there. I've had enough. I will never go there again. Such a colossal waste of time. Bullshit. Go anywhere else. Go everywhere else.
4	I had never been to this place but was pleasantly surprised by how good their food was! I had the vegetarian quesadilla and that was scrumptious. It was not just overloaded with cheese like most. My husband got the lamb burger and he really liked it. They gladly subbed out the English muffin for a regular bun with no issues. The sexy fries were awesome and would recommend the small up charge to get them. They are a cross between French fries and potato chips with a hint of truffle oil Parmesan and a few other flavors. One of the appetizers our friends got was a green chile with pork served with warm soft tortilla shells. We tried it and were blown away. Forgot what it was called on the menu but I don't think we will ever visit there again without ordering that. Highly recommend grabbing a drink and some grub here!
5	First-timer, life-timer!!!Went and played golf at Monona this past Friday and afterwards we were looking to grab some food, so my friend suggested Mickey's.  I hadn't heard of it since I'm new to the area and don't get to Willy St., so didn't know what to expect.  Boy, was I pleasantly surprised.  It's a complete dive bar from the outside, sort of your typical WI corner looking bar.  Inside there's a ton of character from this old house turned bar/restaurant.  It was the first night they opened the patio in the back so it was very busy.  Our server was incredibly busy and I was a little taken back when they said they didn't even have any more Miller High Life, but they had plenty of others to choose from.  Not a big deal.  We did have to go the bar to order drinks at one point since our waitress wasn't anywhere to be seen.  But.... she did apologize and was very attentive the rest of the night.  Again, just a busy night.The Food:  This is where Mickey's really shines!!  My friend had their burger which is rated the best in town, so says he and much of Madison.  I had a green chile pork dish that is topped with Mozzerella and comes with tortillas.  I have never tasted anything like it and thoroughly enjoyed it.  It was very spicy and I loved every bite.  My other friends ordered these loaded quesadilla's (she's vegetarian) and mac n' cheese, and both of the dishes were impressive to look at and taste.  For a 'dive bar,' I have yet to find better bar food.  I highly recommend Mickey's Tavern!
5	This was our first time trying Mickey's Tavern. I had the Eggplant Panino and the boyfriend had the Mickey burger. We upgraded to try the sexy fries and super sexy fries. We were both wildly impressed by everything. High quality meal for awesome prices and a fun chill vibe on a Monday evening. I guess some guys get together every Monday to jam- we left before they started but it was a very friendly environment.
4	Descriptive phrase: corner dive bar and pub.Cash-only, a handful of tables, limited bar seating, friendly people, competent bartenders, decent food. Mickey's Tavern came off as one of those places no one talks about but everyone somehow wanders in from time to time. We arrived for brunch and sat at the bar. My Eggs Benedict ($8.50) wasn't great; the English muffins were burnt, the Canadian bacon was hard, but the eggs were good. The potatoes they came with were delicious, though. And my friends really enjoyed their omelette and breakfast burrito. Even with my own disappointing dish, I'd surely return for the atmosphere, some drinks, and a different plate of food.
4	You can't go wrong with Mickey's. Go. Love it. Leave happy. (you can stop here, or you can read more of the update)+ Brunch. It's delicious, well-cooked, and reasonably priced. They do eggs better than almost anyone in town - I have yet to receive an over-cooked plate of eggs here.+ Outdoor patio has lots of covered tables (for shade), self-serve water (bonus!), and table service - Lots of smoking... Nothing worse than eating a nice brunch while several people at a table near you are fogging you out+ Dogs are allowed on leashes in the patio area- I don't want my dog inhaling secondhand smoke ;-)+ PBR is always on special+ Great happy hour deals+ Decent representation on the tap and bottle lists+ Excellent Bloody Mary with a you-call-it chaser+ Ginger beers and good rum+ Supersexy fries are sinfully good+ Pizzas are solid+ Green chile pork appetizer is unreal and big enough for 3 people to enjoyTip: While it's cash only, you can ask to start a tab, and then settle-up at the end of your visit rather than having to pay as you go.What's keeping this from 5-star infamy?- Some of the bartenders are a bit aloof and absent; service can vary from beyond outstanding to beyond frustrating. Generally, most are good, but there are a few stinkers that can greatly impact your experience here.- Music on certain nights is ridiculously loud and takes-up a ton of valuable bar space. I'm not sure that it's necessary to have a band take-up 1/3 of the limited bar area on a busy night.That's about it. Minor gripes. All-in-all, one of the best places to hit-up while on Willy Street.
3	Nice place and a good selection of beer. Female bartender was rude though. I know you guys can get busy but being nice about being in the way of your servers is a better approach than telling me "you need to make room" and huffing off after I apologize is not good service.
5	Best brunch in Madison, so far. Scramble du jour is fantastic along with a Bloody Mary and beer back. Can't be best. Bartender Kevin is a good dude and the coffee seals the deal. Two thumbs up!
4	This just in... burgers ain't bad! Aside from the 3 on the menu, you can build your own (for a price) with toppings that include fried onions, avocado, bacon, mushrooms and oodles more! Chips are standard, fried are a buck... if you want to go crazy get some sexy fries for a bit more! While I didn't care much for the bun, I think I may have found a burger that could go head to head with Alchemy.
4	Great outdoor seating area, I love to hang out here in the summer and have drinks. I was here a few weeks ago and they charged $7.50 for a Hendricks G&T. Yikes! Especially considering a rail is only $3. Watch what you order, I guess.
4	I go to the Mickeys Tavern for the atmosphere and drinks. The former hotel, turned bar is as marvelous as it can get! Each room represents different a decade with the decor and furniture you get immersed in the time the room represents. The drinks are delicious! The staff is super friendly and helpful! The food... ah, the food is not just like any bar food you have experience. Once you try their super sexy fries with the lamb burger and you will never order bar food anywhere else. It makes you a better person!
5	First time in... Mickey Burger and Sexy Fries... Awesome!  Good beer and a patio...  If this was in my town, I'd be a regular...
4	This place has a cool vibe and might be something out of San Francisco from the 70s is what I imagine. Very cool bar with a great decor and people. Is it hipster I'm not sure but I imagine it draws them. Barry white, smooth jazz, Dave Brubeck, Tin hat trio and Dionne Warwick plays at a nice level. You can't use the juke box before 10 pm so the house sets the mood which I totally love, some jack ass can't ruin the vibe they have going and play Ozzy or something like that. The back lounge area is very cool, see my pictures. We didn't eat there so I don't know how the food is but the patio was packed. I saw a the remains of a Bloody Mary pass by so I wanted one. I don't drink bloody Mary's, maybe two in my life but it was very good. This would be a totally awesome Sunday morning place after a hard Saturday night of drinking. See my pictures of the day. There is board games in the back lounge with a pool table which we used. This has got to be a neighborhood treasure to say the least and one very cool place, I like it. Two thumbs up.
2	It's a really groovy place inside, lots to look at, visually appealing. The service, however, was pretty odd. My boyfriend and I once went in there and stood around the front door for a WHILE waiting to either choose our own spot or be seated? Weren't sure what to do. Only the folks who go there every day (and you could tell they did) knew what to do. I would like for Mickey's to be more new-comer friendly. Also, I tried the Bloody Mary and it just tasted like someone poured a bunch of pickle juice in it. Perhaps that's something other costumers like, so I guess I can't bash it. Please, Mickey's, have better service and we will love you!!!
4	Great quirky yet down to earth place on Willy street. When you first see the building you assume it will be a dive or biker bar but then you go inside and see how much personality Mickey's has with the vintage, funky, & colorful decor and walls. I also love that there are board games! Though it might help to restock them as many pieces were missing & some of the classic games would be fun to play as there were some very random and specialized options. Brunch was delicious but service was very slow that day. Took about 15 minutes for someone to greet us. I haven't tried the sexy fries but it is definitely on my to-do list!
3	We started a Willy Street bar crawl here and it was a solid choice. Truly delicious bloody mary and the first that I've had which came with a garnish of brussel sprout. The omelette wasn't memorable but it was tasty.
5	PSSSSSSST: Wanna know a secret?The fish fry here is phenomenal. No, seriously. Cod loins, expertly battered with a slightly salty and malty coating, fried to absolute perfection. Fries? Salty and fresh. Slaw? How does a citrus vinaigrette fresh slaw suit you? Tartar? I hate tartar and I slurp this stuff like it's going out of style.$9.95 for 2 nice big pieces of non-greasy, firm, fresh and tasty cod loin, a pile o fries, slaw, tartar, and lemon? I'm sold. Wash it down with one of their excellent taps, and you've got the makings of a top-5 fish fry. Seriously.
5	Don't be fooled by the fact this is a neighborhood bar. The food there is better than many fancy restaurants in town and at a fraction of the price. Best kept secret on the East Side. The word is getting out because each time we go there it's more and more crowded.
2	Mickey's tavern had a friendly environment, but everything was too tight. As a party of five, we were seated so closely the two other tables that my friend kept accidentally knocking into the other table, even knocking over the other's coffee. Constantly having to get up to get coffee in this tight space did not make a pleasant experience.I love eggs benedict, and I always get it at every brunch place I go, but I don't think I'll repeat that here. I always ask for my eggs to be made without butter, and most other restaurants make an amazing benedict without the use of processed dairy. However, Mickey's has not perfected a dairy free eggs benedict. The eggs tasted like a metal pan with a very chalky consistency. My friend who had a normal eggs benedict said his tasted amazing, so I'm sure because some substitutions were made that mine was an exception. But for you lactose intolerant people out there going to Mickey's, don't get the eggs benedict.Other than that, good server and friendly environment. Willing to go again and try something else. Maybe with less people though because the space is too tight for a large number of people sitting indoors.
4	I meant to review Mickey's a long time ago, but even though some time has passed, it's still a great place. The patio is outstanding, service prompt and friendly, and the fries are super!
4	I have not eaten the food. Just a forewarning.I love their patio and their drink offerings. The boozy coffee is amazing!  I have not had anything like it, or that delicious for that matter. It had a whip cream vodka, a caramel vodka and coffee for just $7. Wow?  Yes.The beer selection is great too! You see so much Potosi around Wisconsin and yet I had never seen the Steamboat Shandy. I think...why not?  Delicious! Doesn't even taste like beer, which is a little dangerous.  But, hey, it was pretty tasty.  My only complaint about the patio. Some people were smoking. Just because it is outside, doesn't mean people want to snuggle up next to that.
2	Not my scene at all.  I think it's a former home that's now a bar/restaurant/lounge? Very crowded and limited street parking.  Heard that the food was good but there was literally nowhere to sit let alone eat.  Also there was a foul odor.
5	Everything a person could want in a brunch...from the joy of discovering surprisingly upscale flavors inside what appears to be a hole-in-the wall, to a properly spicy Bloody Mary, to a breakfast burrito where they'll happily sub veggie sausage. Even loved the ska/salsa/lounge mix playing in the former living room where we ate. On weekends, check out the cute (not smelly) antiques shop upstairs. Absolutely fantastic spot!
5	The best place on the isthmus and for miles around for a bloody mary and a burger.  Sitting on the patio during the warm months on a Saturday or Sunday morning is ecstasy!!! I love the bloody with the pbr chaser/beer back/schnit.  I also love the side of homemade coleslaw and chips that accompany my burger (I recommend dipping the chips in the slaw.)
4	Great dive bar with really good food.  Burger and fries are outstanding (some of the best in Madison).  Beer selection is good.  Vibe is hipster/hippie. The back patio in the summer is a hidden gem.
4	Mickeys was the first place in town that I heard of when I first got here. I made it here after two months and I loved it! Yet another wonderful place to go when you're in Madison! Good beer I hear!!
5	Mickey's isn't for everyone, but it's definitely for me. All the ambiance of a classic dive with the best burger in town, decent cocktails, and a good crowd. The juke box puts many others to shame but you won't often hear it because there's usually some sort of live music. (That said, one night recently someone played Michelle Branch "Thousand Miles" on repeat for half an hour. Nice work.) It's got a great front bar, that odd, living room-esq back room, and a spacious patio. I've ended up talking to more strangers here than anywhere else in Madison. And sharing conspiracy theories with the bar tenders? Madison needs more bars like this.
5	I give this place 5 stars for the atmosphere and classic cocktails, it has that dive-bar feel but with a more classy retro twist, this place attaracts a variety of patron which is my favorite part about it. Great drinks and the food isn't half bad either. The patio in the summer is superb and lots of great bands play here on any given night for free!
2	So I've tried to love Micky's - I just can't get into it. The service is so so. Micky's tries very hard to appease the hipster crowd. I'm just not into any casual trend in which somebody has to try to be casual. First off parking is always a hassle. As I mentioned the service is so so. You have to sort of be your own advocate to get service at all. I had the sexy fires and a stewed pork appetizer. The sexy fries are a home made pile of house cut potato chips with truffle oil and parmesan. They were greasy and cold - but had decent flavor. The pork was heavy on spice and salt - not so much on flavor. The spice and salt more or less bowled over the pork flavor. My review rating of 2-Stars is based on 3-4 or for experiences where the food and service has been so so. Maybe it's a place that caters to the regulars - I'm just not a regular and not impressed. I'm not a hipster and not really interested in the hipster scene.
