3	I don't understand why they act so unfriendly and provide such loose deadlines. Two weeks was what I was informed that it would take to fix my unit. I followed up after 9 days and was told now it will be three weeks and they haven't even started working on it.
5	Had an old Pioneer 518 manual turntable still in good shape.  But recent upgrades in Receiver technology (analog to digital) have eliminated the RCA input jacks from the back of newer model Receivers.  With me calling in, they diagnosed the problem and proposed a winning solution-- get a $40 pre-amp that plugs into a CD, DVD or Auxilary jack creating the appropriate electronics to accept an old Turntable.  Picked up their pre-amp and it worked first time!  Also on a prior visit with Turntable in hand, I believed the belt was stretched and not turning the platter effectively.  They actually had a new belt in stock, put it on, tested the speed, and all worked perfectly.  These guys know their stuff!  I also appreciated they responded to my emails within 24 hours.  I would recommend them to anyone with older stereo equipment or audiophiles looking for super-knowledgeable repair guys.
1	Very bad service. I took a tv in to be fixed last year and they still have it. I took it in for a high pitch sound,they fixed that part but when I got it home I could not get the over the air channels. I took it back to them in july of 2012 they still have it. Every time I call or go up there they tell me that they it will be ready in a couple of days. Do not us this business you will be sorry.  UPDATE: 4/3/2014. Talked to Gary last week he said they would call me the following Monday or Tuesday it never heard from him. Finally got it back. It did the same thing I took it in for not bad for having it all most 2 years.
1	Unprofessional, rude, and didn't repair my equipment in the time he said. I dropped off my broken subwoofer and he said it would be 3-4 weeks before it would be looked at. When I dropped it off he said it should be less than $175 to repair and that he would call if it was way more than that. This is not how you do business. You don't make repairs before first authorizing the amount. 5 weeks later I called and he said he hadn't gotten to it. He said that he had told me 2-3 MONTHS (he didn't). I picked it up to take it to another place that could get it fixed in a timely manor. He was rude to me when I picked it up and told me to get lost. I would not recommend that ANYONE take any sort of equipment here.
1	I finally got the TV back and still did not work. They had it almost 2 yrs. I gave to Goodwill for parts.
3	My experience goes back to 1980? The owner is extremely rude but I go for repairs. Repairs are good.Pricing is average. Never know when I will get unit back but repairs are 5 stars. My thinking is if anyone can do a repair, this is the place. Personal long term experience is they will really try. Also consider they have the confidence of multiple manufacturers for warranty service
