4	In a rush and too focused on all my dining and hockey plans I completely neglected to bring my cell-phone charger to Vegas.  After stopping at the Verizon Kiosk and being offered the obsurd price of $49.95 (ITS A PLUG!) and another failed attempt at the cellular store, I swung into Brookstone and found a 4-style charger (Wall, Car, USB, 9V Battery) that worked perfectly for $35.  One star off for the dopey salesman trying to sell me a BoB clock, however.
4	I love coming to this spot! The employees are always nice. I love the massages I get when I am in there.Would you like to try one of our massage chairs?Dont mind if I do =) Thank you ma'am or sir LOL
5	I know where I will be purchasing my holiday gifts..Yep that's right Brookstone on Las Vegas BLVD. Anything from cozy little socks...To high end electrectronics...Ultra spiffy massage chairs. I say let your imagination go.If you havn't been in a super cool store with nifty gadgets or maybe you are stuck on what unique item you should purchase for yourself or a friend I highly recommendBrookstone. And please sit down in one of the wonderful massage chairs...You will be in heaven..
5	I freaking hate this place!!! WHY? Because i spend too much money here! haha No seriously though, this store will bring out anyones inner nerd and suddenly you will need a SnackMa Motion-Activated Treat and Candy Dispenser or a pair of Tempur-Pedic slippers. I have never come in this store without buying something. And its so funny because I always say after a week of using my item "How did i live without this!" Located in the Fashion Show mall its always fun to come in relax and use the massage chair for a few minutes and check out the merchandise. Def check this place out, its amazing.
4	We got very good service here while in search of holiday gifts that we hadn't thought of.  A store rep patiently demonstrated wireless boomboxes for us, and, besides gifts, we even bought extra LED flashlights for ourselves on 2 for 1 special deals.  This is a fun store to roam, where one will usually find unusual and unexpected products.  It is especially good for that person on your list for whom you never know what to get.
4	Remember when The Sharper Image was Brookstone's only competition, except Brookestone was the more affordable option for electronics and gadgets? Well, Brookstone is still here, not located in every mall (Fashion Show- across from the ABC store, lower level, Galleria- lower level), though.The great thing about this store, is that you can test-drive most of the products. I love trying out the massage lounge chairs (careful with the leg ones, those kinda hurt!) and the personal massagers (powerful devices). I have a couple favorites in mind. Many years ago, I purchased the small travel hair dryer at $29.99, which I still find useful should the hotel one be broken or unavailable. The sales clerks are pretty nice, and the items are stocked enough, everything in its place, but not jam-packed, giving you that uncomfortable feeling, like you're closed in, with boxes from floor to ceiling. Neat store, neat products, and a great place to find something on your gift list, you know, for that person who has everything.
1	I just went to this location after trying to call them for the past 2 days and no one answering the phone.  I went there and it was not open.  It was boarded off and there was a big sign saying they were reopening in November.  I called the corporate offices to let them know that there should be a recording or something letting people know this location is not open.  I am ill and leaving the house is very, very difficult for me.  I can't tell you how disappointed I was to finally get there and it wasn't even open.  Then to call the main 800 number and speaking with a supervisor, she 1 - didn't even offer to take my order (ask if she could help me with the product I was looking for)  and 2 - didn't even offer something to make up for my time, gas, and affecting my health (like free shipping or something off of my next order), I don't expect handouts, but it would have been nice to have some kind of assistance today.  :-(
