5	Based on referral from Dillon Precision, I bought my first AR-15 barrel from American Spirit Arms.  After building the first gun from parts, I purchased a complete ASA AR-15 to get started in 3 gun competition.  My first gun is pretty, the ASA AR-15 is rugged intended to wear scratches and dings from competition well.  ASA manufacturers the AR-15 uppers, lowers and barrels on site.  Even aluminum and steel materials are sourced from US manufacturers.  They carry a wide variety of accessories to finish their rifles with.  Their standard barrel is guaranteed to 1 moa and bull barrel to .5 moa.  Whether I was buying parts or the complete assembly, they were very patient to educate me about options.  For instance, they recommended 1:7 twist 20 inch barrel for the 3 gun rifle to shoot both 55 grain and 75 grain rounds.  Unfortunately, I took the new rifle home and had to try out my new go/no-go gauge set.  FYI - don't put the no-go gauge in the chamber and drop the bolt on it.  That jams the gauge in the chamber like it was welded.  I tried to drive the gauge out with a cleaning rod from the muzzle end only to jam the cleaning rod too.  I took it back to ASA with my best lost sheep look and asked for help.  The gunsmith dislodged the cleaning rod and pressed the gauge out of the chamber.  After checking to see if anything was damaged, he took the time to show me how to use the gauge set correctly.  No charge.  I'm a customer for as long as they are in business.Check out their Facebook page.  They just had an interesting dust up with Bank of America with BofA losing.  Made national news.  Only negative I can think of is the American Spirit Arms is a manufacturer with a retail showroom.  That means they keep manufacturer hours, not retail hours.  The retail store is open Monday through Thursday late morning to early afternoon.  I think it is  closed Friday afternoon and most weekends.  Of course, these days they are probably months behind on manufacturing.  Great products, but you will have to patient.
1	I'll be quite honest here.... ASA's hardware has worked well....... After the eternal wait for it....That was my first purchase of an assembled upper (16" Bull barrel, JP indexed muzzle brake, and Sampson Elite handguard) for the sum of $1200 (way before Obummer was in office or Sandy Hook Elementary incident)My second purchase you ask?.....TBD, again, at the mercy of an eternal wait.... I made my purchase on 08-23-2013 for $1650, 4 uppers & bolt carrier groups for "projects".... Mind you, they aren't a necessity, they are "wants"......I was told up to 6 weeks before shipment.... WHAT???? You're selling & charging for materials that aren't in stock per your website??????The sales staff is disconnected proverbially from the website, and to boot, wholly unresponsive.....PI** POOR PERFORMANCE IMO........I'll be absolutely sure to thoroughly inspect all the equipment when it arrives (if it ever arrives), heck, I may wind up having to go after them for a full refund and just mill the units myself.....7 weeks is plenty of time, trust me, I know manufacturers who could have completed the whole project in that time, if it wasn't for the stinking patent rights...
5	First off I would like to thank Marcus for his great insight and patience. That being said you will be waiting.... and waiting. The product is worth it though. I put the side charging upper on my new 300 Black out w/ a PRS stock. It works great! I don't have to worry about smashing my finger against the cheek rest.Finish is great, easy to clean and take down. The only bad thing I could say about this company is: they have such a great product that they are back-ordered and you will have to wait. If you're okay w/ that, hit them up!
