5	GREAT cleaners with great prices!  My clothes came out beautiful and well pressed (which is the sign of a very good cleaners).  I was very impressed by the customer service and timely completion of my order.  Not sure why the other reviewer was so negative.  Perhaps he reviewed the wrong cleaners.  If you're in the Las Vegas area and in need of a quality cleaners, I highly recommend them.OVERALL REVIEW - Two thumbs way up!!!!
4	I've been going to this drycleaner now for over 2 years, which says a lot because I am really picky when it comes to my drycleaning.  This place has good customer service.  Everyone is really nice when I go in.  I typically drop off about 20  items at a time and it is always ready within a few days.  I've never had anything lost or damaged.  The only bad experience I have had is when I tried to get repairs done, but I have learned not to use the seamstress here.  She is sort of separate from this business and apparently not prompt with repairs.  It took me a month and a half to get a shirt back from the lady.Although the cost of drycleaning has gone up over the last year, I still think this place is really reasonable for suits, etc., which is what I mainly have, compared to other cleaners.
3	This is my #2 pick when I need to have my clothes dry cleaned, but I probably come here more often than my #1 (which is fifth ave. cleaners) pick just because it's closer to my house.This place is pretty reasonable because they charge $2 for most items. However, for special items such as dresses, coats, and others along that matter they charge more. They do a pretty good job and I haven't had any problems except once they didn't remove the lint off one of my wovens. So I suggest to thoroughly look at all your clothes before leaving. It wasn't a big deal though because when I showed it to the gentleman at the counter, he immediately apologized and removed all the lint for me. The only thing I would ask for is if the nice dry cleaning smell were more distinct.
1	Good prices, but I won't go there again.  I dropped a shirt off that I needed for New Years Eve.  I went in Dec 30 but it wasn't ready.  When I came to pick it up NYE at 4, the place was closed.   No sign, no warning.  They closed at 2.When I talked to the owner after, he said they were trying to tell people about closing early.  HOW ABOUT A SIGN DUMBASS!!     I told him they didn't tell me that and asked for a credit but he just didn't care that I had to spend $27 on a new dress shirt because they decided to close early and not tell anyone.VERY BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE!
4	Was fine
