4	this is a great italian grocery, and they have delicious prepared foods.  I love their antipasto salad!  Stop in to grab lunch or to get some authentic Italian staples for your pantry.
5	Such a great little shop with delicious sandwiches - fresh bread and flavorful meats.  Just tell them exactly what you want and they will make it to go or you can pull up a chair and eat inside.  The service is super friendly, and the grocery section is small, but inventive.
5	A total place warp to New Jersey or Long Island. The family couldn't be nicer. Terrific sandwiches (fresh mozzarella, tomato, basil and lots of others), a nice selection of unusual-for-this-area groceries, and it's even fun to sit around outside at the strip mall and eat during the afternoon.
4	This place is the bomb diggity. For almost three years now, I have been searching for a deli comparable to my beloved Zanotto's in NorCal. I have been lucky enough to go toe to toe with some pretty good sanwiches, but nothing has been able to really feel as good as Z's. One of roommates heard through the grapevine that this little neighborhood spot had a big lunch following for sandwiches, and today we found out why.We dropped in and I ordered the lunch special, a turkey avocado and mayo sandwich on sourdough with some nicely blended tater salad. Nothing will replace Zanotto's for me, I'm afraid, but this is far and away the closest yet.
5	this is by far my favorite lunch spot in the valley. The fact that it also is a grocery store only adds to its charm. All the ingredients are fresh and the servings are big. I reccomend the itialian sausage and there cold chicken pasta is wonderful. Highly reccomended for anyone who wants a nice little lunch spot. be warned though, wait times can be very long. If your willing to wait though this is a great spot.
5	I discovered this place while i was getting my hair done at the salon next door (my stylist opened up her own place now so I don't go to this one anymore.) It's a total italian deli/grocery that is authentic in every way. I've only had on thing on the menu because it is the most amazing thing ever - the caprese sandwich on focaccia. Oh...my...god. I got into the whole tomato, mozzarella, basil, balsamic combo when I visited Tuscany a few years ago, and this is the BEST - it's so fresh and delish. I want to go there right now and get one!
4	The key to Defalcos is calling IN your order before arriving.  This place is awesome but its SWAMPED at lunch time.  You'll end up eating your lunch for dinner if you dont plan accordingly.  They make fresh sandwhiches and salads and I've never had an "off" meal there.  Try something Itialian...its what they do best, my favorite its the meatball sub.  Also the antipasto salad ranks right on up there.In the grocery section, you'll find specialty items to take home... homemade pastas, spices etc.  Delicious!!
5	Below is my original "review" - I had to say something about this place at the time even though I hadn't technically been there. Well, I've been there numerous times now. I'm in love. Here's my actual review followed by my original comments...Fuck you Grand Orange, you pompous twat. Mama Mia's? I love you, but you've cocked up my order one too many times.  I realize that I can get a cheese steak that's nearly as tasty (but not nearly as healthy I'm sure) delivered from Philadelphia Sandwich company. I'm also aware that I can get one that's also rather tasty delivered from Mama Mia's... however, I think it's totally worth driving a mile or two to pick it up. And it's not just a cheese steak - they have amazing pasta - had a fettuccine Alfredo with chicken and it was outstanding. Their cold subs are also fantastic. Dill pickles as well - they don't skimp. Their pasta salads are delicious as well (except I don't like peas - bleh). Wine selection seems to be pretty good. In terms of varietals, they have a good range... the owner seems to be quite smart about his wines as well. Very nice staff anyway... except for my phone call tonight. My only complaints would be that it takes a long time to get your food... not really such a bad thing I guess... but if you're on a time constraint - lunch hour or something - it'll be tight... call ahead. Prices aren't fantastic on some items either... although prices on many items are very reasonable. This is the sort of wonderful place that gives Scottsdale character and charm and contributes to it being one of the most "livable cities" in the US (or whatever the tag line is). Anyway, it helps one forget the douche flood._____________________________________I ate a cheesesteak based on Randy's review and I enjoyed it. The meat is better quality, but for some reason I prefer the philly sandwich company... just slightly. I feel healthier eating Defalco's though. I am going to have to try other items here before really giving a complete review. I think 4 stars is appropriate. Can't give it 5 since I don't know it well enough. My roommate went upon my recommendation from reading about it here and he came back raving about it. He's from chicago and has been starving for a good deli.I'll revise this review after more visits.
4	You should only eat at Defalco's if you have a lot of time on your hands. The line to order your food is really looooooooong and the wait to get your food after you order borderlines on absurd. Other than that, and if you have an extra 8 hours on hand, this place is pretty good. The cashier is friendly, the food is fresh and  tastes above average and the portions are big, but not so big it is offensive (Cafe Delux I'm talking to you). Also they have lot's of good drinks like Diet. Dr. Pepper in the fountain or Dr. Brown's soda in the bottle. Some dishes I tried and liked include: Chicken cutlet sandwich, Chicken parm dinner and sandwich, chef salad, chicken pesto sandwich, turkey sandwich, blt, tuna salad, baked ziti, all the soup - oh - and the mozerella caprese sandwich is the best thing on the menu. Okay, I'm giving it one more star. I was going to give it 3 but I guess it deserves 4.
5	Everyone knows that Tony Soprano didn't die, HBO merely made the ending ambiguous so that America would be shielded from the awful truth that he was planning to move away from the East Coast to none other than Scottsdale, Arizona. Why you ask? Because where else can you carry on business dealings in a strip joint, be involved in "waste management", act out of control all the time, philander, defraud the government...and fit right in? But for he and many other recent transplants from Jersey, the truth is part of Scottsdale's allure rests with places like DeFalco's Italian Grocery.Sitting in a worn strip mall in an older section of town, the scene almost evokes a little hint of the Garden State. However, the good news is that I've never seen anyone whacked in the spacious parking lot...or wearing a Members Only jacket for that matter. Upon entering, there's a claustrophobic sensation as you see the grocery aisles creating a slightly labyrinthine path to the deli counters, which are separate based on ordering prepared or raw food. Upon reaching the prepared food aisle, you'll invariably see a microcosm of Scottsdale, ranging from senior citizens to high schools girls using platinum cards to buy lunch for the whole family. (Luckily though, no sign of Carmine Gotti just yet.) The menu? It's a pageant of sumptuous meats and cheeses, and they even offer I-talian soda to go with. It's so good, you might think like many a famous eatery it's a front for the local outfit. While I don't believe that to be true...(it is Arizona after all) the owners certainly make purists and old school Italian food fans happy with its inclusion of more traditional meat choices like capacollo. The food also will seem dry, but that's only because they are careful not to drown out the meat's character with too much mayo or other condiments. Some may not like it.Price-wise, this place is pretty much a steal. It's a shade more expensive than Subway, but not much more-so. But as Scottsdale goes, it's almost unbeatable. They also accept plastic and have a loyalty card, so as you can imagine, you'll want to come back often if you know what is good for you.Since it's a deli, there's no waitstaff. Still, service is total class. People are friendly, and professional so that it still feels family-owned and not corporate. The tables are usually clean in the seating area, and spaced evenly enough that you won't feel like someone just broke your legs.But then there is the one detraction to this place: the supposedly endless wait for your order. I've never been on a weekday, but weekends I have found are pretty manageable. For some people it won't  be like Jack-in-the-Box, but if you order ahead you should avoid some of the hassle.Of course, part of the allure going to an Italian restaurant in the cultural attitude about savoring life, food and a slower pace than our Anglo-Saxon roots ultimately prefer. Unless, that is, you have reservations to Buca di Beppo...but that's another story entirely.
3	FOOD: I've had good experiences and bad experiences at Defalco's, so my rating may be lower than most. The cold sandwiches are good, but I had a pizza sub once and it was probably the worst thing I ate at an Italian restaurant in a while. I'm sure there are other great dishes available. The bread is fantastic, though. For sandwiches, I prefer Dilly's Deli. I haven't had any of the pasta dishes, though. PRICE: Decently priced with most items being under $10. ATMOSPHERE: I love the market/restaurant mix that I see a lot of around Tempe. Defalco's offers Italian cuisine ingredients right when you walk in the door. My most memorable experience was when I was eaves dropping on several middle-aged/older men sitting at a table talking. They were obviously from New York with their thick accents and talked in an intimidating style much like mobsters. I would not be the least bit surprised if they were part of "the family." Listening to their conversation and eating in a small Italian grocer was a great experience. Does anyone else notice that the bathroom is very large?SERVICE: Nice and helpful staff. SKINNY: I've had a bad experience along with good memories at Defalco's, so give it a try to see for yourself. But DONT get the pizza sub!
5	I have been to Defalco's so many times in the past, but since I had not been in quite some time due to moving out of the area I did not feel I could review it.  But I am back in the area because my company moved to the new Sky Song location right down the street.  I was so excited to come back to Defalco's!  It is still as good as I remember:)... I had the hard salami and provolone sub with a side of veggie pasta salad.  So Good!  this is going to be one of my regular lunch locations for sure!
5	Defalco's is one of my favorite lunch spots. I read the reviews that talk about the lines, I have to tell you I never saw them as that bad. Sure, you have to wait a few minutes, but it generally works out ok. One item not mentioned thus far, an item not on the menu but something they'll make any time is the Portabello mushroom sandwich. The grocery items seem expensive, but the sandwiches are completely reasonableI'm not sure how they are doing right now with the tomato scare, but I know I'll be visiting Defalco's again soon.
5	I stopped in here on a lazy Saturday afternoon after reading these good reviews. Service was pretty quick.I tried the capicolo, salami, and provolone cold sandwich and it was very tasty. Great meat and condiments. I definitely recommend this place and will go back.
4	Great, family like service.From NY, and it definitely had the feel of an old school deli joint.  Good people, great food....very comfortable. Felt like I was back in the old neighborhoodWe went with a couple sandwiches....the meatball parm was awesome. I had it on a baguette. The meatballs was juicy and full of flavor. The baguette was crunchy, doughy and plain old great. Big Fan.The wife had the capacolla, hard salami and provolone on sub roll and it was awesome too. She wanted a little extra Italian dressing but they were quick to oblige. Next time, will try their supposed "best cheese steak sandwich"Will surely make the 20 minute trip there again !Also, for those from the East Coast looking for your Stella Dora products, the have them all.
5	I spoke with the owner again - he's recently become aware of the reviews here. He even mentioned the one 3 star he got. They recently expanded into the store next door, so it's less crowded than it was before. They also added shelf space room for more wine. Great selection... I still love this place. I still have yet to buy pizza fixings to make a fresh pie at home, but I will.
4	I really enjoy the food here however I just stopped in last Saturday and switched up my order, I usually stick with either the pasta or the hot sandwiches, but this time I went with a cold sandwich. I was rather disappointed. Everything about it was just ehhhhhhh. The bread, the salami, and the condiments were just not up to the standards I had come to love about Defalcos. I will definitely be back but I am going to stick with the hot menu.
4	YUM!Wife & I went the other day and it was probably 130pm on a Sat afternoon and it was certainly busy but you could get a table.  The menu is quite large and plenty of selections.  The food was good, the homemade sausage was really good, their sauce (gravy) is very tasty and a little the sweet side.  Count us in as fans for sure and nice to have a good Italian deli/eatery to enjoy a meal.
3	I have been eating at this place now for about 5 years. I love how they created more  room since before it was too small and crowded. The lunch time rush is not for those in a hurry. You can expect to wait after you place your order on a weekday about 15-30 minutes before  you leave if you are doing a take-out order. The place does get packed but the hot and cold sandwiches that I have tried are awesome and full of flavor. The pasta salad is ok but nothing to write home about. If you are not in a hurry and can wait up to 30 mins for your to go order it is worth a try. If not stop by after 2pm when the lunch rush has already passed through.
4	Great sandwiches at reasonable prices. The bread is good, the au jus was flavorful and not too salty, and the sausages are made daily.  It was nice to find a place to get great sandwiches. The line moves a little slow, but it's definitely worth the wait. I had the italian beef and my friend had the sausage, both were great.
4	I think I've easily eaten at DeFalco's 1000 times. I used to work literally next door to their old location. While I was baking brownies, they were making my sammiches. One time, we scuffed up the picnic table that Gerry had just built for his employees breaks. I took about a week off cuz I heard there was a contract out on me. But the sammiches pulled me back in, and I apologized and ordered bologna.After moving downtown and losing out on my sammiches, I started revisiting them in their new, expanded location on Scottsdale Rd. Same great people, same great honest food.Here are my favorites: * Boars Head Bologna, sliced thin on Italian roll with lettuce, mayo and swiss cheese * Ham Cappy on Italian, lettuce, mayo, mustard and dofino * Chicken Parm w/red sauce on wheat roll * the weird salad with penne and peppers and salami chunksAnd give their pizza dough a chance. It's my new favorite for making thin, bubbly pizzas on a stone at home.Please Tony, keep it in the family. Pass it on.
5	YUM!!Went back tonight, got the baked Ziti, Wifey had the lasagna... wonderful.. took the mother inlaw, she loved it as well... AND we have left overs too!
4	This place is very strange.  The atmosphere is more like a foreign grocery store than a restaurant, but the food is really good.  OK, I have only ever tried one dish but the other food looks really good too!  They have a large selection of unusual salads and the desserts are always really tempting.  They also have sandwiches and pasta.  I keep meaning to go back here, but it is a little out of my way in general.
5	This is by far the best deli in all of the Valley (OK, that's noy saying a WHOLE lot), and may also be the best sandwich place too.Every single thing on this menu is great, from the caprese sandwich to the lasagna. And don't forget about the Italian sausage...delicious!Plus, the people are super-cool and the environment is friendly and comfortable.Only two drawbacks: 1) The wait, especially on the weekends. This place gets busy, and it takes them a really long time to make stuff.2) The bathroom still uses that old cloth towel rotator thing...you know, the one you have to pull down in segments? That thibg is really gross, and may not be at all sanitary. Seriously, do they just keep using the same one huge cloth the whole time? Does it get replaced, or do the just wait for it to dry and then rotate it back in? Either way, I don't see how that's a good idea.Ok, sorry I spent so much time on that. For God's sake, I gave this place 5 stars you'd think I would concentrate a little more on the positive!
4	Aside from the wait to order and the other wait to get your food, Defalco's rocks!  I was there for a late lunch on Friday and I opted to forgo my usual salad choice and go for the eggplant parm sandwich - yum!  Each bite of perfectly crusted eggplant had the most amazing tangy tomato sauce and melted cheese and it was oh so dlvine!  I had it on wheat bread and finished my entire sandwich (and yes, I ordered a full size!)  What a treat!  Don't try to special order at Defalco's - Jared attempted to create his own sandwich and what he ended up with was nothing close to what he ordered.  I can't wait to go back to 'make my own pizza' - i know about that thanks to Max A!  I have a feeling that I'll be visiting Defalco's quite a bit since I'm now living in the area after a recent move.  It's a good thing - well, it's a tasty thing, maybe not so good for the waistline!
3	Sorry, Defalco's - I have to take a star off for you always being so slow!  Really, every time I've been, there is a long wait - and your food is worth it, but isn't there a way for you to speed things up?The register is old school and it always take forever to ring in an order... and then I have no clue what kind of system you use to prepare food and bring it out, but for the number of employees you have working, there's got to be a faster way?!Bottom line - if you are not in a hurry, and you want some good food - go to Dafalco's!
2	I kind of think this place is highly overrated.It pisses me off because coming from Jersey this place is kind of weak.  Like others have stated the service is very slow and everytime I order hard Salami it is this little thinly sliced salami and I have never had it in any other Italian deli.  Not so good.They do however sell jars of Centos products and I love the olive oil, cherry peppers, and pepperocinis so I will give them their due.Go for the products, but if you want a sub sandwich go down the street to Jersey Mikes.
4	Coming from New York, it's great to find something like this in Arizona. It did take forever to get the food, but I had fun browsing the food and wine on the shelves and the food was worth the wait. I highly recommend the stuffed shells! I look forward to going back.
4	Went to Defalco's for lunch recently and was instantly consumed by the smell of fresh bread, garlic and sauces. Like walking into an Italian Grandmother's kitchen. Intoxicating. The deli case stocked full of salami, pastrami and every other -ami you can imagine! There were olives, cheeses and already prepared dishes that you can eat there or take home. I ordered the cheese lasagna. You pay for it, take a number and wait. While waiting, let your eyes and senses shop the grocery area with all sorts of imported pastas, sauces  and other products. You can't be in a rush with this place. About 10-12 minutes later, voila! My lasagna arrived to the table with a warm, crusty side of garlic bread. So damn good! I simply cannot wait to stop in again. Bon Appetite~
4	When the moon hits your eye, like a big pizza pie, that's...Defalco's.  It's hard to find a good deli, and after living in New York for six years, it's almost impossible to find one that matches up with the Big Apple.  We walked in, and the first thing to come to my mind was, "Where to you order?"  As you walk in, the grocery store is the main focus, with Italian spices, snacks and the best part, wine, filling the store, I wasn't sure what I was in for.  The ordering counter for the sandwiches is in the very back, not to be mistaken for the deli counter right next to it (though after looking at the selections, you can be assured that I'll be back for that too.)The selection ranges from a multitude of sandwiches, to basic Italian pasta dishes.  It's always nice to not have to meander through a menu when you are hungry.  Along with the two people I was with, our order was placed.  The prices seemed very reasonable, and we also were able to order a beer from the counter.  I ordered the Italian Sausage sandwich with roasted peppers, one friend got the chicken parmigiana and the other copied my order, but with cheese.The dining area is very simple.  One are is designated for tables while other areas happen to have tables in areas throughout the store.  We sat down, and to our amusement, they had three flat screen TVs up for people to watch sports.  It's playoff time, so we took in the AFC Championship game.  Our food came out rather quickly when one of the guys from behind the counter came out and called our number.  (Note: keep your receipt after getting it because they right your number on it.)I dug into my sandwich like an Ethiopian into a Big Mac.  The sauce was wonderful.  Rich in flavor, it had a certain spice that brought out the perfectly cooked peppers and the sausage.  The sausage was perfectly cooked, but to my dismay, there was only one sausage in it.  Now I have to admit, I love Italian food, and I might be a little soiled for my time in New York, but I was hoping for a little more.  My friend who got the Chicken Parm let me take a little sample (sacrifice for the good of a Yelper) and I would give it two major thumbs up.  Sauce good, chicken good, pasta good.  I got a little jealous, but don't get me wrong, the sandwich was awesome.Defalco's is a great place for a quick bite or even an intimate evening for a couple who doesn't want the hassle of a restaurant.  The food was good, and though I might have had issue with the portion size, that could be me just being a large man wanting more of a good thing.  I would also recommend Defalco's for those of you who would like to make romantic dinners at home.  Italian food is very easy to make, and who could deny Lady and the Tramp as a wonderful representation of Italian romance.  One thing for sure, this Tramp would take his Lady to Defalco's.
4	Love this place.. Great sandwiches and selection of authentic Italian products.   Family owned and operated...
4	4 1/2 stars!Oh Defalco's.  You drain my bank account and you take up my entire lunch hour just driving to and from but I don't care, because you are delicious.  By far the best authentic Italian deli in the Valley, I have yet to have one thing there that I didn't love.  They have a gigantic menu of options, featuring everything from hot and cold sandwiches, pizza, full hot pastas and entrees like the intoxicating chicken parmigiana, and a stacked deli case of side dishes with easily the best pasta salad I've ever had.  Family owned and operated which is another littler perk in my opinion.Let's put it this way.  My boss is usually in town for a week to a week and a half every month and he still manages to eat there at least 6 times...it's that good.They freshly bake all of their own bread daily, which is excellent.  I prefer the Crispy Baguette with my sandwiches because it is oh so flaky and wonderful.If you've got extra $$ to throw around they also have a quite nice-sized grocery selection right in the deli featuring authentic Italian delights.  I'm talking everything from 30 different types of aged balsamic vinagrette to over 100 different bottles of Italian wine.The only reason I have to take a half a star off is because if you make the fatal mistake of going there between the hours of 11:30am-2:00pm M-F and you did not have the foresight to call your order in advance, you will sit there for 45 minutes, EASY.But now that I have mastered the timed call in approach, it is wonderful and you should all go if you haven't : )
4	I had a lunch meeting today and we decided to deli, but the question was Italian or kosher deli?I hadn't been to De Falco's for over a year, so it seemed to be a good day to revisit and have a sandwich on the patio.I was a fan before and I am a fan now.I had the Italian beef with peppers and onions, and my only comment is that I wish they would dunk the entire sandwich in au jus (I think it's OK to get messy to have a good time...in fact it may be required). That's not really a complaint, mind you, just a comment. De Falco's gives you plenty of love in the form of a nice big sandwich with great ingredients, great fresh bread choices (crunchy italian roll is the best for sandwich like this).My lunch companion had the chicken parm (he had never been to De Falco's, or really an italian deli of any sort) and he was really pleased with his selection as well (in fact as we were leaving he saw one of the pizza's and said he was going to give them try for pizza this weekend, so he really was impressed).The only other italian deli/sandwich shop in Phoenix that I've tried is Luke's of Chicago (I know, not really the same, but some of the sandwiches are similar and italian beef is italian beef, so...). I think De Falco's is substantially better, and their broad selection of sandwiches, meals and other take out really gives them a leg up.Service is courteous, prompt and everything shows up at the table hot and on time. Great place for lunch, and take out italian!
5	I had the eggplant parmisian sub thing. Holy god. I've only been there once and it was a long time ago but I remember thinking "Why am I such a super-human moron? Why don't I eat here regularly?" Strangely, God responded. Some joke about me falling down the tree and hitting every branch. You know how it goes... I did not experience the extreme wait times that other people mention but that would really annoy me depending on my mood. Yet another reminder I'm not self-actualized.
4	I heart Defalcos. The sandwhiches are always good and yesterday I had a bite of a friends pasta and it was delish.  I have also purchased things from the store and they are always amazing. Four stars only because sometimes the wait is ridiculous.
4	Hearty sauce made my cheese ravioli dish simply wonderful.  This really is an ethnic-style grocery store that just happens to have a few seats inside and out.  Lots of sauces, breads, and premium cheeses to choose from, and prices were comparable to what I pay for the same cheese at AJ's.  Garlicy/buttery breadstick was just alright.Given the limited seating I would only come here during off-peak dining hours.  Also, it took awhile for my entree and there were no orders ahead of me (quiet Sunday afternoon).
4	The place for lunch.I'm happy whenever I work in Scottsdale as that usually means lunch at DeFalco's.  This place is an institution in this part of town and the consistent crowds attest to its reputation.The philly cheese steak sandwich is so good that I rarely get up the courage to try something else.
3	The food is excellent but the service is absolutely terrible. I've been going to this place for years and I'm on my forth time of telling myself to never go back due to the frustrating, slow service. Hey, I know that good food takes time to make but when I have to stand and wait for 15 minutes to get the food that I called in that I can see is just sitting on the counter well the blood pressure just gets raised too high to make the experience enjoyable. And the staff (other than the new guy that's now bringing out the food) don't seem to really care about the customers.   They hide behind the excuse that "good food takes time" but the hard reality is that they are just ultra inefficient and truly don't care to speed things up.  I'm sure at some point I'll cave in and return if I can't find a replacement deli but it sure would be great if they could improve the service.
3	As you can tell by all the other reviews, the food is good and at times great.  The service makes you want to walk out, while waiting for your food.  I went just this past week and waited for about twenty minutes while being two of ten people who were there.  It is ridiculous.  Everytime I go, I always say I'm going to call my order ahead next time, so that I do not have to wait .  The dining area itself is a mess, and it can be a little intrusive if someone is market shopping in front of your table.  As many negatives this place has I always go back.  If your in the mood for a good sammy lunch, this is the place in old town.
5	Just took the kids here for lunch and had to write a review. My kids loved this place!  We took the advice on this site and ordered ahead.  Our food was ready when we got there and was the perfect temperature-not to mention fabulous!  I have one very picky child and DeFalco's was happy to cater to all of our specifc requests for leaving things out and adding things in.  I did ask the staff about the service comments listed here and they said a lot of people do not realize that everything is made fresh to order and that takes a little time.  I guess the same things that make it good make it a little slower (or it could be because the are picking all the onions out of my little ones dish for us)-but it is definitely worth the wait!  We will be back.
5	Wow! Real, East Coast Italian food does exist in Arizona! This is a small, family-owned place in South Scottsdale that is more of a carry-out place with very limited seating, but it has real charm. Sitting between racks of wine and condiments kind of reminded me of the entrance to Filippi's on San Diego's India Street. It's instant cultural immersion. The meatball and pizza sub sandwiches were great. The bread - man, the bread was just like what you get in Italy. The Caesar salad contained Italian olives. Everything was just perfect and the sandwiches are so big that you can take home half for dinner. It's a small place so a t peak times you will wait for one of the few tables but you can call ahead and your order will be ready when they say it will be ready. This is a deli where you can choose salads, sandwiches and full dinners to go or just pick up a few salads to enhance dinner at home. So deli, restaurant, grocery, take out. This place is unique but just open the door and your nose will tell you that you are at the right place. The food is fantastic, priced right and a real pleasant find in a city which disappoints too often but hides real gems like this that just have to be found.
5	I guess I have to review Defalco's Italian Grocery now that Brian S has posted a pic of me loving up on a package of polenta...Brian and I rolled across the street from D'Lish and grabbed a few things at Defalco's.  I had a half steak sandwich (a grinder if you've lived north of New Haven, CT) and I'm fairly certain it was the best steak sandwich I've had since moving to Phoenix.Defalco's is the kind of place I really miss from the Boston area.  Down to earth guys, a variety of good Italian deli meats, salads, cheeses, a nice selection of Italian grocery items, and great sandwiches.If only it were closer to my house I would probably be here at least once a week.
5	I'm from New England, and this place brought me home.  i had the fresh mozzarella, tomato, and olive oil sandwich, and I added prosciutto and had it on foccacia and it was absolutely perfect.  I went there yesterday and it's 10 in the morning and I'm ready to go back.  Other hot entrees and sandwiches passed by that looked incredible, and hearty.  This place serves real Italian food and creates an atmosphere that takes you back east.  Another Arizona gem :)
4	I hit this place up for lunch on a fairly frequent basis, awesome Italian beef sandwich and a great Deli feel with authentic Italian grocery items.  Also one cool thing about this place is they make homemade pizza dough everyday that you can buy to take home and make your own pie.
4	I personally think this is my favorite deli out in Arizona. They have a great selection of Italian meats, i go there for the soppresatta, and fresh mozzarella. The wait can sometimes be a little frustrating and a little expensive.
5	Last night my friend came over to watch the Dexter season finale and we decided to pick up food from Defalco's.  We decided to each pick something and share.  I got the cheesesteak- brilliant.He got an egg salad sandwich- idiot.I was pissed I had to share with him.Seriously, never agree to share your cheesesteak.  It is just too good.   On a side note, their egg salad is just fine.  It's just not that good when you have all these flavors from a cheesesteak dancing around in your mouth.  Also, their sandwiches are larger than my head.  I have a big head, so that is saying a lot.
4	This is a great place for sandwiches. I had a cheesesteak last time I was there and it was great. The cheesesteak here is made with mushrooms, peppers, and provolone cheese. Everything I have tried here has always been very good.
4	two words: FRICKIN YUM!Whenever the boyfriend and I drive down Scottsdale Road the boyfriend ALWAYS has to mention that he wants to try out Defalco's...so, last night I did my homework and yelped Defalco's before giving it a go.  I decided the reviews were pretty damn awesome and that I would have to go by for lunch. Ok, this place...so amazing.  It's seriously like Italy decided to give birth to a small little grocery store in the middle of a pretty lame plaza to grace Arizona with its presence.  It's got racks and racks of Italian wines, balsamic vinegars, Italian breads and sweets.  They've also got some frozen pasta to cook up in your own home. Anyway, let's get to the good stuff.  As many have mentioned it does get packed during lunch so expect a wait.The boyfriend got a full chicken parmigina sandwich. It was pretty good and a HUGE serving.  He got it on the soft roll and they do not skimp out on the chicken.  The roll was filled with perfectly breaded chicken breast, topped with a simple, yet flavorful marinara sauce and of course...so cheese. YUM. Like I said it was pretty big and filling and it was $7.50.I took fellow Yelpers suggestions and got a half order of the beef cheese steak with mushrooms, onions, and peppers. Heaven in the mouth for $5. Enough said.One star off for the wait but it was worth it!
5	I'd been hearing about Defalco's for a while now. My husband, Jim W, and my youngest, Abby, raved. "Best steak grinda since Baston," they said. So, on an expedition to get more raw chocolate, we went.The first thing I noticed was that the tables were scattered among the racks of Italian foodstuffs. I loved that. The place screamed "Boston" from the moment we walked in the door. When we ordered, Jim found one of my favorite types of soda in the case, Doc Brown's diet black cherry. I was in heaven.So we got our number and sat down. While we were waiting - a short wait - I got a brilliant idea which solved a long-vexing problem. Guess it was the east coast vibe.The food came and I was in heaven. We split a steak sandwich and red potato salad. Jim likes everything and I just like onions so they gave him the mushrooms and peppers on the side. Lots of mushrooms and peppers. It didn't look like a ton of food but we certainly got enough to eat.What's not to like at Defalco's? The food is fabulous, the prices are good, the people are really nice, and they have all kinds of imported goodies. So I guess the only thing I didn't like about Defalco's was leaving.
4	This year we decided to have an Italian dinner for Christmas with the family instead of the usual ham, prime rib etc... For me italian food is always a good choice. We went ot Defalco's for italian sausage. I got the sweet and hot italian sausages but i tried something I never had from there, it was the sausage with garlic and cheese. YUM this stuff is delicious and I will be getting it often. I grilled it which is wierd cause I usually cook it up in a pan with olive oil and peppers & onions but this stuff was so good it did not need all that.  I have been going here for years and everything is delicious. The sandwiches are great, pizza is good, and they sell wine. I love this place. If you go for lunch be prepaird they get busy.
5	Oh My, Went to this place Christmas eve for a sandwich.  The parking lot was crazy full of people coming in and out, so I decided this was a great place to check out.  When I walked in, it was crazy busy.  Lots of people piled by the deli counter picking up their holiday meats and cheeses.  I just came for lunch, so I sorta cut the line and went strait to the sandwich ordering station.  It was confusing though to figure out where to go with so many people in line.  I ordered a sandwich with 3 meats on it to split with my husband. We got a monster drink and a regular soda, and some chips.  Total was pretty cheap like $12-$13 bucks.  We walked over to where the tables were to wait for our meal.  Watching all the shoppers was differently a spectacle.  Also we had time to check the place out.  It's really casual and has racks of Italian items for sale, such as hard to find wines, pasta's and freshly baked breads.  Our meal came out hand delivered in a basket, and the guy delivering was kind enough to ask me if I wanted another basket for my portion to be put in.  I thought it was really sweet of him to ask, because the place was a zoo, and just having to go past all the shoppers must have been a hassle.  But he came back with a huge smile but a minute later.I took a huge bite of the sandwich, and wow, it was really good.  You could actually tell the quality of meats and cheeses in the sandwich along with some good dressing that came dripping out of my sub sandwich.  It was a huge sandwich and I was glad I only got half, but only wished we had ordered another one for dinner.  Yes it was that good.  But I didn't want to wait in line again.  Good Stuff....Wish this place was closer to my house.
4	This place lives up to its reputation and I always leave satsified.  One of my favorite places to go for good subs, italian cured meats, and antipasto. While it's setup as a mini market/ deli, the market offerings are a little pricier than i've seen elsewhere.  Back to the subs tho - great crusty loaves, high quality meats, and made in true italian deli fashion. The also offer some traditional italian dishes if you're in the mood for a real meal.  While I usually just get a quick sub or am picking up some things to go, there are some tables to sit at if you choose.  Plus the people are pretty laid back and friendly.  Only complaint that I have is the traditional Euro-style reusable and communal towel in the restroom.  A little hard to shake considering how many people don't wash or don't wash properly.
5	This is the second time I've eaten here and it was as good if not better than the first. The first time I had the meat lasagna and the second time I had the cheesesteak. Lemme tell you this is one of the best Italian places I've been to in Phx.It's very Back East feel to it and I love all of the authentic Italian foods they have there, especially the meat, cheese and pasta counters.Check 'em out you won't be disappointed!
5	A great Italian deli on par with the best Italian delis in the US. I  tried 6 or 7 dishes. I was thoroughly satisfied with how authentic and fresh the food was. This is a standout Italian eatery amongst a lot of competition in Scottsdale.
4	I didn't know what to expect going here. The sandwiches are great. I would eat here all the time if I lived around here. The meatball sandwich and the sausage were outstanding. I think I will eat there again while staying in Phoenix.
5	YUMMY!!!  I have only had delicious and fresh food from DeFalco's....and I have been a customer for the last 5 years!!  Great food, friendly staff.  Just a heads up...because the food is so good...they can tend to have a long line and you may wait for your food for a while.  They even have a sign up that states if you have don't have 15 mins to spare to wait for your food...you may not to make other lunch arrangements.....and it is true. My advice..... If you're in a rush, call in, they will take phone orders.
4	I have to give this place a 4. I desperately want to give it a 5 but I just cant and here is why.The food is first rate, it really is good. I can't give it a 5 simply because eventhough the food is good and the prices are on par with many other places, waiting 35-45 minutes for a sandwich is insane. I stop here on occasion when I am on my way to or from appointments, but I just don't have the time to sit and wait.Service is good and the food awesome, time to get food, not so much.
5	I have been to this place countless times, and I love it! If I am ordering food I typically call ahead. Some of my favorites are the eggplant parm and antipasto salad, but really you can't go wrong. I love this place as an Italian grocery. The quality of the pasta, sauces, oil, etc is fantastic. I meat and cheese available at the deli counter is exquisite. The staff is always friendly and often hilarious!
5	Love love love it! I had the half combo, which is a sandwich on sourdough w/Salami, Mortadella, Pepperoni, Provolone and I asked them to hold the ham- comes with their house italian, lettuce, mayo and mustard. Absolutely delicious! After I finished the 1/2 sandwich I decided to be daring and grab a piece of the cheesecake, which was to die for. I haven't had a slice of homemade cheesecake in a long time. The staff was so nice and friendly and the locale was very clean and tidy. I think I found a new fave spot.
3	1/07/10My first visit here was maybe 3 or 4 years ago w/ a friend, and we'd intended to try dinner and perhaps split a pastry.  However, after looking over the dessert display case, we decided to have a pastry tasting party, instead!  My fave pastries that day (and we had sampled 6 or more, maybe 8, different varieties!) were the chocolate-chip studded cannoli and napoleon.  His was, of course, his fave Italian pastry, the sfogliatelle.  I remember it having a lemon cream filling and not enough of it.  But he was happy with it, and that's all that mattered.  Fast-forward to last month, I decided to try their stuffed shells, $9, which came w/ 5 shells, a side salad, and garlic bread.  Salad was your basic salad w/ olives and a pepperoncini, but I liked the generous portion and how fresh and crisp it felt and tasted.  The foil-wrapped garlic bread was nothing to rave about (I didn't even bother to take a picture of it after I had a bite!).  The jumbo shells were very good- loved the ricotta filling and the melty cheese on top!  However, had I known that the dish came w/ marinara sauce, I'd have requested it be omitted.  Not that it didn't taste great- it did, if not a bit too salty, but I do better w/ cream-based rather than tomato-based sauces.Can't wait to try more from the menu!(Had great pics to add here, but for some reason the "add photo" link was missing!)
5	In my opinion, Defalcos has the best Italian food hands down. My family has tried other local Italian restaurants and we always end up coming back. Their Fettuccine Alfredo is to die for. And, I disagree with a previous statement about the garlic bread. I always order extra to take home. The portions are huge, so order 1/2 order if you don't want to take any home. Their clam chowder is also very, very good. But isn't always available. I have friends in Awatukee that drive into town on weekends specifically to eat here. They have a great wine and beer selection, we always like to purchase 2 bottles of wine.  Drink 1 with dinner, and take the other 1 home.   Calling ahead of time is recommended, because as others have said, the wait can get pretty long due to overcrowding of the restaurant. But, if you are looking for a fun, friendly atmosphere, this is the place. They have magazines out front and newspapers, so it is fun to go and people watch while waiting for your food. And remember... the workers are true Italians, so sometimes you might catch an argument, or someone giving a customer grief. Its all part of the experience and fun.
4	Oh my gosh, this place is amazing!  I went for lunch & I'm upset I only got a half!  Yes it's busy & you may have to wait a moment for your food.  However, they state that right on the door when you walk in.  I went right around 2pm & only waited about 5/10 minutes before I was on my way home with my delicious food! Hands down amazing sandwhich (ham, turkey, & cheese) & those pickles they have are amazing!  Great prices too.. I WILL BE BACK.. maybe tomorrow?
4	We were visiting Scottsdale for a week and stopped in Defalco's about 6pm  to pick up some things to take home for dinner after a long day of sightseeing.  It was our only visit to Defalco's during the trip but we'll be back during our next visit.  And if we lived in Scottsdale we'd be regular customers.From Yelp reviews we expected to find a great selection of Italain staples, like dried pasta and canned tomatoes, and also a great deli selection of meats and cheeses.  We found all that and also great service in a welcoming little store with a helpful man behind the counter who handed us  a menu and offered help when we said we were just in to "drool" and get our bearings.  We ended up with a nice fresh salad of mixed greens and other veggies, like tomatoes and carrots, with a really good Italian dressing that had a perfect red wine vinegar bite, foccaccia, and cheese and olives from the deli case.  The prices were very reasonable for all.  The big surprise for us at Defalco's is what a good wine selection is displayed on the racks in the store of domestic and imported wines at a big range of price points from inexpensive to "deluxe" offering something for every kind of wine buyer.. We had fun browsing through those and picked up a wonderful Italian wine to take home at under $20..  The Leonetti  (Walla Walla WA) San Giovese whispered our name, but it's a tad outside our spending comfort zone at $70 / bottle...a fair price as it was marked, but not our speed on this vacation. There was a good steady stream of what seemed to be regular customers in and out for take out as well as eat in (the pizzas coming out of the kitchen looked and smelled wonderful) which is a very good sign at the time of day we were there given folks were off work and on their way home.  Next time we'll definitely try some of the homemade Italian sausage and a calzone!
4	This place is a great NY/East coast style Italian grocery store that offers a wide variety of pastas and sandwiches.  I've been coming here since my ASU days and found Defalco's to be a good deal for the money and taste for sandwiches.I almost always get the sausage sandwich or the baked penne as they have become staples of my visits there.  Recently, I tried the pre-made pizza dough ($1.99) that only requires rolling out and baking.  It takes a little effort, but the results were spectacular.The only downfall is there can be a bit of a wait to get helped (which they now have signs up for this) and their actual groceries are quite pricey.  There are some decent deals on anything that is pre-made, but the wine, pasta, sauces, and deli meats are pretty high on the price scale.This place is a great place to grab a bite to eat, but don't buy too much of your groceries here unless you are looking for that true Italian ingredient to make your recipe exactly like in Italy or some rare item that can't be found anywhere else.  Otherwise, it's definitely worth stopping in and at least looking around.
4	Been coming here over the years, never disapoints. Fresh imgrediants and friendly staff. Best red potato salad in town. Get there early as they get very busy.
4	A coworker and I checked the place out for the first time a few weeks ago.I liked the atmosphere. It seemed more of a grocery store with a few tables than a restaurant, but that's not a complaint. The chicken parmesan sandwich was awesome! I can't wait to try the pizza. And, I'd like to go there for one of their Italian beers, as well.The grocery part was awesome. They had a good selection of pasta, sauces, cheeses, etc. Call ahead your order! Especially if you have a time limit. Otherwise, great place that is a must to check out.
5	I was introduced to Deflaco's Italian Grocery last summer and I can't believe I had made it so long, living right down the street without ever stopping in! While I've never purchased anything from the grocery or deli, they do have a ton of traditional Italian products for sale. Everything you'd need to prepare a delicious Italian feast! What I go there for are the sandwiches. I'm a HUGE fan of their tuna sandwiches. I order them with lettuce, tomatoes, onions and pepperoncinis. I also LOVE the macaroni pasta salad, but only get that if I can restrict myself to half of a tuna sandwich. I've had the egg salad before, and while it's an acceptable alternative when they're out of tuna, I only order it when I can't get my fav. They've got a pretty decent beer selection too which is great if you're stopping in on a Sunday afternoon and would like an "adult beverage" with your meal. I've not yet tried their pizza or pasta, but will be sure to post an update once I do. It always looks and smells delicious!
3	They had a large selection of cheeses and meats which was rather impressive though I was at work so didn't get the opportunity to purchase or try them. There was also an amazing selection of pastas to purchase, a lot of them were made in Italy and organic! A decent selection of Italian wines as well.I met for lunch! Such a great selection it took me a few minutes to decide. What I really liked about them is that they have half and whole portions and the sandwiches are properly priced!! The wait wasn't long either.The blackberry jasmine iced tea I had was amazing!!! I ordered the Italian beef with the peppers and onions. The peppers were soft but very flavorful. The onions didn't have as much flavor and were a little overdone for my taste. The meat was great but sliced a bit too much for me (but each place does things differently) and there could have been a bit more on the sandwich. The au ju was great but not quite hot enough.Overall I will definitely be back to try other sandwiches, I just wasn't as thoroughly impressed as I expected.
1	Was yelping to find an italian grocery store and found this place, sorely disappointing!  The deli part may be good - don't know, didn't try it, but the grocery part sucks to be honest.  The choices are limited and it is outrageously expensive.  Seriously, $6.99 for a can of San Marzano tomatoes.    Won't go back there anytime soon.
5	Stopped in today for a late lunch.  It's nice to get here after the lunch crowd has come and gone.  The meatball sandwich on a soft roll was over the top.  Great big meatballs, good flavor and plenty of sauce.  Highly recommended!
2	I can't believe the BF & I wasted 30 minutes of our time at this place waiting for our cold cut Ham, Turkey & Provolone on sourdough & Pastrami on wheat roll sandwiches.  There were only a handful of people ordering at the time & in the store.  I'm assuming they were short handed that day, or had to fly all the way out to Italy to get our frickin' sandwich fixings.The sandwiches were mediocre at it's best.  The sandwiches tasted bland and cold cuts were dry.  The crapeteria here at my work makes better sandwiches than this place.  I guess the saying, "you get what you paid for" is definitely true here & for a 1/2 sandwich at $4.25, I shouldn't have expected too much, especially when I've been accustomed to some awesome sandwiches from Genova's Delicatessen & Specialty's Cafe & Bakery.One good thing about this place was the guy behind the ordering counter.  He was friendly, upbeat & extremely helpful.Would I revisit this place next time I visit Scottsdale...ummm...no thank you!
5	I had the combo sandwich and the pesto pasta salad, both were awesome. I can't wait to go back and sample all the other options and there were tons! Huge selection of pasta salad, sandwiches, pizza, hot pasta, and desserts. The food was worth the wait at lunch hour, but take their advise and call ahead if your in a hurry .
3	It's a decent place. Nothing unacceptable about most of the food, though the canoli I had tasted a bit stale. We picked up a meatball and half a hot roast beef sandwhich. Both were decent. I just hope this isn't the best that Phoenix has to offer.
5	When I moved to the Valley, our first place was a rental in Old Town.  The previous tenant/owner generously left a bunch of take-out menus for nearby restaurants.  Defalco's was one of them.  But not being a fan of the sandwich, it took me four years and a move to actually go in.  What a fool I was.  This place is fantastic!  First off, it's not just a deli, it's an Italian market.  Had I actually read the full name of the place, I might have known that.  It's also got a somewhat extensive selection of wine available for purchase.  So now we've moved from a deli, to a grocer, to a wine shop.  Don't forget the pasta dishes and the pastry, too.  My fave sandwich is the tomato, mozz, and basil on a sub roll with olive oil and balsamic.  Simple, yet perfection.  I'm a huge fan of those sub rolls by the way.  Crusty on the outside, but not so crusty that it makes a big mess every time you take a bite, yet soft and chewy on the inside.  It's always about the bread for me.  Great selection of prepared salads in the deli as well.  One of the best red potato salads I've had in a long time.It certainly won't take me another four years to go back.  I think I've been there just about every week in the last month!
5	Being from the East coast and lived in Scottsdale for over a year, This is deffinatley the place to go for deli in an Italian way. Now that they even have Pizza I continue to be impressed. Although at times Especially lunch their may be a wait but the way I see it is if there is one, it is for sure waiting for, but I prefer to call ahead my order so I am in and out or be able to sit down and catch up on a few games on one of their flat screens. Since I have been going here, the place has continued to grow into greatness. The cured meats, Fresh olives and the array of Pasta and cold Salads are sensational. Did I mention the wine selection. I am not so up on wines but the owner Tony is more than happy to help me or my friends out. I also like to use this place on anything Italian I may cook because not only is it good for Deli they have a market of Italian items to cook with. Clean Deli, Clean Bathrooms, old school Ambiance, Fresh Fresh Fresh and the sillyness of the staff make it a fun experience. This alone and the fact no other deli compares, I give them 5 outta five stars.. ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC!!! Keep it up!!! and Ill keep coming back!!
4	I went here for lunch last week and loved it! It reminded me of deli's/restaurants back east. By the time we left at 12pm on a Friday it was very crowded with no where to sit. I ordered the Combo sandwich (Ham, Salami, Pepperoni, Mortadella & Provolone) on sourdough bread and it was so very tasty. The bread was perfect. The service was slow, but I'm always happy to wait if the food is good. The food is reasonably priced, and they have quite a big menu for a deli. I don't cook, and even I was impressed by their big selection of cheese, meat, pasta, wine, and sauces to buy.
5	Simply amazing Italian.  I love that they have family history, and the store layout is more of a grocery with tables shoved into nooks and crannies, vs a restaurant layout.  The quality of their grocery items are unique and truly Italian.  I've spent some time over there, and this is the real deal.  You could have a field day in here if you wanted to cook a special dinner.Yes, the wait was a bit for ordering at 2pm (it wasn't packed).  But the food...the food shut me up it was soo delicious.  The portions are enormous, so you get really good value for whatever you order.One weird thing though: I clearly stated the YELP discount for 1 free cannolli, and the cashier looked at me like I was crazy and charged me for it.  The cannoli was probably the least satisfying part of the meal.  Other than that, I'd come back for sure.
4	This place has been one of my perennial favorites for over 10 years. I love the subs, eggplant parm and greek vegetarian and two faves. The platters are great too. Tons of great deli salads and all the best ingredients an Italian grocer should have.
5	Honest to god the best beef cheese steak in America.  Philly has nothing on DeFalco's.  Superb chicken caesar pasta salad.  Friendly, competent staff. Great grocery.All three color Chimay beers for sale.Gnocchi is excellent.
4	This review is for their catering - wow, they made me look good.  I had them put together an antipasto tray (pasta salad, marinated artichokes and mushrooms, olives and pepperoncinis) and an "italian style" (pepperoni, capacollo, genoa salami, provolone & muenster cheese), plus some of their rolls that they were nice enough to slice into smaller portions.  To say the amount of food on each tray was abundant would be a huge understatement.  They were literally overflowing and needed two of us to carry each of them.  Unfortunately, the plastic trays they used couldn't handle all that weight, so the lids wouldn't stay on and we had to very carefully move them so they didn't collapse. There must've been 10 pounds of bread.   Every single item on all the trays was of the highest quality.  You could tell the trays were made fresh that day.  The bread was amazing - soft on the inside and just chewy enough on the outside.  Too bad they don't have a fork-free dessert option, because I would have loaded up on that too.  Everyone ate more than they intended and we got lots of oohs and aahs.  Best part of it all is that there were enough leftovers for us to enjoy for several days!
4	I've been to Italy and there's not much that compares to Caprese that melts in your mouth upon the first bite. Authentic Italian food and especially groceries are hard to find, but Defalco's has it perfected. They even have the Caprese and mouthwatering mozzarella down! I walk in and I feel like I've entered a small market in Italy. If only they could find a way to place the Spanish Steps outside their door. :) If you are looking for a tasty sandwich to brighten your day, Defalco's is a great choice. They offer delectable catering that competes with my Grandma's and practically any Italian dish or food item you can think of. Although it's a bit on the pricey side, it's well worth it for the quality you receive.
4	what a great place - stopped in for some carryout for a picnic lunch with a friend at Papago Park; it took a long time to decide what to get, it all looked so good.  Everything was delicious.
4	After reading the reviews about how great the cheese steak sandwich is we decided to try Defalco's and absolutely loved it! We have tried several places in Phoenix and have not found one we have liked until now! We will definitely be back.
4	Defalco's is a great place to get Italian sandwichs, I especially like the meatball sandwich, but the lasagna is great as well.  Cheesesteaks are good and could be the best in Phoenix, but Pats in Philly is better.  I have Defalcos on my speed dial and I recommend calling in your order to be picked up 30 minutes later because that is how long it can take to get it when ordered there anyway.  Well worth the wait though.
5	I grew up in Scottsdale and would come into Defalco's from time to time and always LOVED it (I even remember when they were at there old location). I moved from AZ a little over a year and a half ago and in the months leading up to the move I found myself eating there more and more. It's one of the few restaurants in AZ I truly miss. Anyways, I was recently in AZ visiting for about eight days and I ate here THREE times during that span. For as often as I've eaten here over the years I've only tried about 4 or 5 things on the menu (why fix what ain't broken). The four-meat sandwich is AWESOME as is the Italian sausage sandwich. Get a whole, and you have a meal for now, and one for later. On my recent visit these are the two things I had (yep, I did the four-meat sandwich twice). Other dishes I can remember trying over the years are the antipasti, which is loaded with goodies as well as the ravioli, which are delicious (usually I'm not a fan of the sauce at little takeout Italian places like this, but Defalco's sauce is very good). In the past I've gotten takeout, but on this last trip I ate there all three times (there's not a ton of seating, but it seems like most people get takeout). It takes a little while to get your food (if you're not eating there I'd call in your order), but you can't rush good food :) For the quality and portion size the prices here are very reasonable. I'm not much of a cook, so I've never really taken advantage of the "market." However, there seems to be a lot of items you won't find in the supermarket, so I'm sure if you like to cook Italian food and are looking for specialty items, this might be the place for you.
3	Everyone has their own idea of how pasta sauce should taste, unfortunately D'Falcos isn't the best in my opinion. I like my mom's much more especially with her Sicilian upbringing I might be asking too much. But their eggplant is awesome it makes my tummy rumble just thinking about it. What I also feel needs improvement is I wish they were open a bit later. For Italian food than is adequate as a dinner entre being open later than 8pm on weeknights would be appreciated but then again im just one person. I do like that they are very similar to the new york city delis and that is something I definitely dig.
4	The sandwiches are very tasty - I've liked every one that I've tried so far.  The pizza we had last time we were there - not likely will ever be ordered again.  Maybe I'll try a pasta dish next time I'm there.  :)
4	Dear Defalco's,,I'm sorry I didn't give you a fair shot sooner. The first time I visited you there must have been something "interesting" cooking and the smell turned me right around and I didn't want to come back. I finally got over it months later and gave you a try, and I'm glad I did. Your "vegetarian" sandwich wasn't just lettuce, mayo and cheese. It was overflowing with yummy veggies like carrots, onions and avocado and tasty italian dressing. The wheat roll was crunchy on the outside and chewy in the middle.Unfortunately some peppers from another area in the deli case made their way into my fruit salad, and my lemon bar tasted bland and bitter. Other than that, I'm glad I gave you another chance and I will surely be back again. Maybe pizza and a more authentic italian desert next time.Kind regards,Molly
5	The pizza is really good, but I always recommend the cheese steak,and the penne pasta with vodka sauce and chicken
4	Good sandwiches, and desserts.
2	The fiance was craving cheese steaks and our local burger/sandwich joint is closed on Sundays. So, we decided to try out DeFalco's. Reading the reviews, I saw that the wait time is sometimes an issue, so I called in our order in advance. The order consisted of 1 whole cheese steak w/ everything and 1 half w/ everything.  Upon arrival, I was given the total of $21 and some change. Having seen the online menu with pricing, I was prepared for the bill to be somewhere around $15, so I was a little shocked when I was told it was over $20. I verified the order with the man and found that I was charged for and made one extra whole sandwich. I told the cashier that the order was incorrect, to which he said "I was the one who took the phone order and it was for 2 whole and 1 half sandwiches." He proceeded to grab the order slip and show me. I replied, "Well, I'm the person who called in the order and specifically asked for 1 whole for my finance and 1 half for myself." He stood there after my explanation as if expecting me to pay for the additional sandwich. After he realized that I was not going to pay for his mistake, he took the second whole sandwich back and rerang the bill. The new total came to $13.00+ tax, an amount within the range I was expecting to pay.  Even though the sandwiches were delicious, we are hesitant to return. We may try DeFalco's again, only next time as walk-in customers
5	I have been going to DeFalco's since 1984 when they were at the old location on 68th and Thomas. I have eaten at other Italian delis all over the Valley but this place has no rivals. The quality of the food is excellent, and the staff gets to know all of the customers as they continue to return. I highly recommend the Purista, CHP, cheese steak, Margerite pizza, the Tim's Special pizza, and the soups. Go for Italian items - they can't be beat. The wine selection is also fantastic. Tony DeFalco, the owner, tries every single wine before putting a bottle on the shelves, and he has fantastic wines from a number of regions. I can't say enough about this place. I eat here at least three times a week and have for many years. Healthy and delicious. Make sure to call orders in ahead as this place gets really busy. DeFalco's is a true desert classic with 100 year old recipes, some of friendliest staff around, and a dedication to excellence.
4	This place is fantastic. It looks like a deli that they put a bunch of italian groceries in and some italian baked goods. Its not a small place, but it feels small because there are so many shelves of groceries and not that many tables. Anyways, there was no line and ordering was very fast. They make you walk past the baked goods and deli meats before you get to the register to order, so look away if you know what you want and don't want to end up ordering extra baked goods and taking deli meat home! After you order, they give you a number and you find a place to sit. They will come out with your food and call the number when you are done. All-in-all, fast process.On to the food! My girlfriend had the Gnocchi with Alfredo Sauce (you could also order it with a Pesto or a Red Sauce), I had a Lasagna and Half of an Eggplant Parmigiana Sandwich, and we shared a Chocolate Cannoli. First off, the Gnocchi was the BEST I have ever eaten, which is saying a lot because my girlfriend orders Gnocchi EVERYWHERE we go that serves it. The texture of the Gnocchi was perfect; tender, but not too soft. The alfredo sauce on top absolutely completed the dish and complemented the little potato dumplings perfectly. I highly recommend the Gnocchi and Guarantee you won't be disappointed. The Lasagna was good, definitely above average, but it was missing my favorite part of Lasagna, those delicious burnt edges. The Eggplant Parmigiana sandwich was good, but the breading on the Eggplant Parmigiana didn't have any crunch to it. I know that Parmigiana isn't supposed to have a lot of crunch, but I just wanted a little. The Cannoli was awesome. The shell was dipped in chocolate (you don't have to get it this way) and stuffed with the classic ricotta cheese-based mixture, which I think had some chocolate shavings in it. If you like cannolis, definitely give them a try here. In conclusion, I will be back, and I will have to try a cheesesteak, because they are supposed to be legendary and that seemed to be what 75% of people came in for.
4	Defalco's is good, delicious, Italian fun. I've been on their meatball subs, with everything homemade and loaded with cheese, for some time now. They've got my order just a bit off once or twice (bringing out an entire, large caprese instead of the small side salad) but everything is so delicious and fresh and the place is so fun, you won't care. Plus, caprese!It's also a great source for hard-to-find Italian ingredients, like ladyfingers for my friend Lorenzo's famous tiramisu. They had just the right kind and for a decent price. Add delicious cannolis, fast service, and a huge menu, and you've got a recipe for awesome.
4	This place has a lot of great things going on. When you enter through the doors you might get a second thought about ordering food from what appears to be a mini mart for noodles and other random trinkets; don't be an idiot! Stay in line and get something,..anything,..it is all good.I absolutely enjoyed their cheese steak sandwiches. The Italian sodas were always refreshing and they have so many other things. Take a second to read the owners story it adds to the reason you will like this place.
3	One of the guys who went to lunch with me just now just walked by and said, "great lunch, fellas.  good choice."No.Really i think this place deserves two stars but i guess that's a bit harsh.  What deserves five stars is the service level of the guy who took my order.  Good job.  He gave me a sample of the seafood salad even though it had to be a pain in the N-U-Tz to do so.  He was fine with my disaster of an ordering job, too.  It was all good.I got a veggie sandwich with avocado, peppers, cucumbers, lettuce, and italian dressing.  sprouts maybe.  It was mediocre.  Really average.  I know you may tell me that they're an italian grocery! they shouldn't have amazing veggie subs! but I think that's crap, personally.  Anyway, I'm not saying it's horrible, I'm just saying it isn't 5-star quality.  Dallas.Anyway, a guy I work with said we should go there and he immediately qualified his approval of the place by saying it was overrated--to his credit, because it is--and it was decent.  If I were the type to have a real italian sandwich then I'm sure it would be good.But I *am* the type to have a cannoli and the cannoli was crap, when measured against the Grimaldi's-cannoli yardstick.  I would go so far as to say don't order it there--go down the street to grimaldi's and get it there.I might go there again.  I'm not saying it's abysmal.  But temper your expectations, that's all.
1	After reading all of the positive comments about this place I thought it would be fun to try with the family.  I have to say I was truly disappointed.  The pizza had little or no sauce, the chicken parm sandwich was very dry and I had asked for extra sauce but it still came out dry.  The fettuccine alfredo was actually very tasty, but the spaghetti and meatballs was not good at all, very overdone and burnt tasting.  Overall I cannot recommend this restaurant, although they do have quite a nice selection of italian groceries.
5	Off the chainco's! lolToday my friends and I pondered what to eat.. a good sandwich was was we decided on but where? Looked right here on yelp and it came up.. most the reviews were good so we went for it. WOW.I like to ask for a knock my socks off never been here suggestion and he offered up the cheese steak, with peppers and mushroom. I went for it but was on the fence for my pasta side dish.. he handed me a sample of the tortalini and I was in heaven.Service was polite, the place was busy but not crowded, it was clean, and very appealing to look around while waiting for our order.  Took about 10 minutes to arrive, not bad.I thought the price was fair  and i could have went with just a half sandwich as it was very filling.While eating my buddy joked the place was off the chain.. and should rename itself to "off the chainco's" lolHighly recommended and cant wait to take others here.-Shawn
5	Went back and tried DeFalco's last night, a to-go order. I decided to forgo calling in the order to avoid the same thing happening as the last time. I walked up to the counter and am relieved that the guy I dealt with the first time was not taking my order. After the long day I had had at work, I was not prepared to deal with him! The guy who took my order was very friendly and I was shocked as I was asked what type of bread I'd like. That question was not asked of me over the phone for the first visit. J's sandwich - Whole cheese steak with everything My sandwich (went for something different this time) - Half eggplant parmesan Once again, the sandwiches were AWESOME! The bread was nice and soft. So soft in fact that the sandwich was falling apart on J. But he enjoyed every bite. He said for next time, he's going for just a half sandwich. But, I'm sure DeFalco's leftovers are just as delicious!DeFalco's redeemed themselves!  :D
4	Just moved to scottsdale and decided to try this place out! The roast beef sandwhich was good but the ambiance is what really did it for me. They had this east coast deli vibe going on and I loved the sound track they were playing. The italian soda was amazing. It teetered on the almost to sweet side but definitly made an everlasting impression (carmel creme flavor). Great place to get a good bite to eat although the items on the shelves (ie pastas tomato sauce cookies ect) seemed alittle over priced. I will definitly go there again.
5	Authentic grocery deli and restaurant...great staff and the best Philly cheese!!!!
5	Love this place! The meatball sub is out of this world! Homemade meatballs swimming in homemade marinara sauce on a crusty baguette. Don't forget the pizza, the crust alone is so tasty, buttery and herbacious, then add all the tasty creative toppings and you've got a pizza masterpiece! I love getting fresh cannoli's for desert or a couple of Baci which mean 'kiss' and are little dark chocolate hazelnut truffles.  No matter what you choose, I'm betting it is all good!
4	Being from Chicago, I am pretty picky about my Italian food.  Defalco's may not be exactly what I am used to, but it certainly fits the bill.  Service was friendly and fun, nice selection of wines, meats and cheeses; some indoor seating for the lunch crowd and the smell in there is amazing...just like your italian grandma's kitchen when you were little!!Call ahead if you are thinking of going for lunch, this place gets jammed at lunchtime!
4	I've been going to Defalco's for over 5 years, and I've never been disappointed.  The place feels a lot like a typical neighborhood Italian grocery and I like that.  The food I've ordered has always been delicious (and I say that, having ordered nearly every sandwich on the menu) and it's always made in a reasonable amount of time.  They're not "fast" and they're not overly friendly or warm, but that's okay.  I usually don't stay there to eat anyway; I usually take my food to go!
5	This place definitely gets 5 stars. Defalco's has the best cheesesteak you can get in the desert. I have yet to have one that compares. Unfortunately I now live 30 minutes from Defalco's, so I can no longer visit as often as I like.The only real downside to this place is the wait-- if it's busy, you're gonna wait at least 20 minutes.
5	I'm Italian. From the NorthEast. Places like DeFalco's are all over the place back home. So, living in AZ (outside of the insane culture shock I went through when I moved here) left a void in my life!But then, husband and I found DeFalco's.The cheesecake! The lupini beans! The sandwiches! The pizza!and OH MY GOD THE PROSCIUTTO!When it's Friday night and Husband and I don't want to go out - we run to DeFalco's, grab some grub to snack on and watch a movie at home. Perfect!
5	We had been going to the chinese place in the same parking lot for a month or two, and I had been meaning to give this place a try... And holy crap, I think I have a new favorite place to eat lunch.The first visit, we asked the guy at the register what would be good for a first-timer to try, and he said the Philly Cheese Steak is the best in AZ.  So I had that, and I don't know if it's better than a Corleone's cheese steak, but it was definitely good, and certainly priced much better.Visit #2, I went with a half plate of the meat lasagna.  Delicious.  The sauce is flavorful, and the half plate, which comes with a side of garlic toast, is more than enough food.  Visit #3, I had the half chicken parmigiana sandwich and a slice of new york cheesecake.  The sandwich was saucy, cheesy, and all around great.  The cheesecake was probably a B+... Not quite what you get at, say, the Carnegie Deli, but nothing to scoff at.There is all kinds of other crap on the menu that will bring you back for many visits.  A colleague had Il Purista sandwich, with homemade mozzarella, panscetta, among other things.  The counter is rife with delicious looking salads and desserts, and there are countless sandwiches and pastas.  There is even pizza, which I haven't even delved into yet.The best part is the price.  You can generally get out of there with a $10 or so lunch, and considering the quality of the food, it's a very good price.I could eat here every day.
5	Places like this are such a refreshing change of pace here in Phoenix.  Even if the food weren't good, I'd recommend people to come here just for the atmosphere. I came here on a recommendation from a customer of mine, and I was not at all disappointed.  The place is usually busy, so I'd suggest ordering over the phone and skipping the 10-15 minute wait, if you're in a hurry.The employees were friendly and made good suggestions for a 1st-timer like myself.  I'm with the other reviewers: keep this in the DeFalco family!  You've got a great thing going, keep it up.
5	BEST CHEESE-STEAK IN ARIZONA.  BEST MEATBALL SUBS IN THE WEST.I am from New Jersey and have eaten all up and down the east coast.  this place is a real jewel, only authentic italian deli i have found here in arizona. Try the cheesesteak on the italian baguette (crispy outside soft inside)  Pasta, deli you can't go wrong here. It's important to understand that everything is home made and takes time.  more than you may think approx 15-20 minutes for most orders. CALL YOUR EAT IN ORDER AHEAD OF TIME- then you will love coming here often.  they sell limited quantities of pizza dough daily to make at home.  it's amazing and cheap!
4	You should go to Defalco's if any of the following apply to you:1. You have been to Italy before and you want to relive that Italian food adventure but not leaving the confines of South Scottsdale2. You want to have some of the best Italian Beef or Philly Cheesteaks sandwiches you have ever had. 3. You are in no rush for your mealI have been to Defalco's over 15 times while leaving in Phoenix. Their food is superb, the staff is friendly and the experience is always consistent. The only glaring problem, which they address with a sign on their front door, is it takes FOREVER. This is the closest you are going to get to an Authentic Italian Delicatessen in Phoenix.  The food while eating there is delicious but I would also suggest having them set you up with a Pizza Kit so you can make authentic Italian pizza at home. It is delicious easy and very affordable. However if you are a cheesesteak lover and you go to Defalco's and don't order it is a sin. It is a huge hot messy mouth watering I can't believe I finally found such a delicious sandwich. The portions are huge so keep that in mind and it's not the cheapest or quickest place. But it is the BEST Italian Deli I have been to in PHX.
5	This is, by far, the best deli in the valley.  Whenever you get the best, you should be prepared to wait.  I make a point of visiting whenever I come home for a visit.  The wait can be anywhere from 15 to 35 minutes, depending upon the time of year so get there early or call ahead to place your order.  Trust me when I say, it's worth it.DeFalco's uses some of the best meats and cheeses and everything is sliced to order.  Sandwiches range in price from $6 to $7.50 for full sandwiches but 1/2 sandwiches are available as well.  My favorite is the dried soppressata, capacollo and provolone sandwich; it is the best in my opinion but they have a great reputation for their cheesesteak sandwich.  They have a nice selection of desserts that range from cheesecake and Italian wedding cookies to cannoli and pizzells.       They also boast a great selection of Italian grocery items that range from pasta to wine and cheeses to spumoni.  I hear their italian sausage is really good.The staff is very friendly and the restaurant is small but clean.  I definitely recommend giving DeFalco's a try.  You wont be disappointed.
2	well gabi you said it they are SLOW and i don't think the sandwiches are that great plus all the employs seam to have this attitude that your taking up there time like they have something else to do there product selection of Italian goodies seems pretty good but way over priced the one thing they have that i really like is there feta cheese which i use in my spanokopita the other day when i stopped in for feta i decided to get a sandwich... meatball,I said to the guy can i get an xtra meatball on the sandwich .......guy.....snotty....you can get whatever u want ,oh OK f u then i went to the front counter i told the guy there i would like a pound of feta he kinda shook his head in disgust i guess because there were 5 people behind me waiting to order food to go and i had the gull to order feta so he yelled behind the window CAN SOMEBODY GET ME A LB OF FETA FOR THIS GUY OUT HERE .......f u.......I will think twice before i give this establishment any money again
5	Ahhh, a breath of fresh air! Being from MA, a highly populated Italian state, I grew up going to Italian groceries like this, and it made me a bit home sick.  A tiny little establishment inundated with products and heck they were even able to squeeze a couple of table in there for dining. The shelves are lined with numerous imported products from Italy, and not just pasta was a relief to see. Canned tomatoes, pasta, gnocchi, candy, cookies, etc.  Although I have not tried too many items on their menu, I have not had a single complaint about anything I have tasted.  The only thing that is missing is the smell.  I used to go to a place in Franklin, MA called "Ferraras".  Their original place was there for generations, and for generations it has had meats hanging, fresh meat being butchered, and the women in the back cooking up a storm.  You just walked in and were immediately hit with the aroma of 100 years of delicious treats.  Although Defalco's does not have that yet, I'm sure over time it will get to that level.
5	Uh, friggin' awesome deli turkey sandwiches -- by far, the best in the Phoenix Metropolitan Area.  For the amount of "real" turkey that you get, they load on the extras (tomatoes, lettuce, mayo, honey mustard, etc).  A big sandwich for $7.50. I'd gladly spend an extra $2.50 then have to settle for Subway, etc.  I highly recommend DelFalco's chicken pesto sandwich and pizza.  Huge fan -- just wish they opened another one near Mill Avenue...Read Giovanni T's review -- he hit it on the head.
5	Un@$%!ing believable cheesesteak! I just want to admit something, and I'm not ashamed about it. I went to DeFalco's two days in a row for that sammich. Seriously, it's that good. From the bread to the perfect amount of cheese, it's definitely the best cheesesteak sandwich I've had in the 5+ years that I've been here in the valley. The only thing that upsets me about it is that now I'll have a hard time trying some of the other items on the menu.From the reviews I have read, a lot of people have long waits when eating here, but I did not. I think if you can work around peak restaurant hours, you shouldn't have much of a problem. Also, the staff was pretty nice to my group and me. I'm addicted. There I said it. DeFalco's brings the East to the Southwest, and it does pretty perfectly. It's a must if you've moved from back East and want a little taste of home, or if you've never been out that way and you want a little taste of what you're missing.Bravo!
5	Defalco's has an excellent variety of sandwiches and salads all rolled up into a cozy little Italian grocery. While the shopping selection is nice (according to my wife) the food borders on fantastic! Seriously, even the greatest carnivores among us (like me) that normally scoff at a vegetarian entree will buckle for the the mighty Defalco's mozzarella, tomato, basil, olive oil and balsamic vinegar on sub roll. The service is friendly but the shop can get extremely crowded during peak feeding frenzies. Try to go early or slightly late if possible, you won't be disappointed.
5	goddamn.defalco's is LEGIT. nader a. was going on and on about the cheesesteak, so i had to go try one. one bite in and that's what i texted him: goddamn.step inside and it's like you're in a whole other city. defalco's is the kind of place you'd find on a random corner in a new york or chicago neighborhood, and we're all real lucky that for some reason it exists in scottsdale of all places. it's a REAL italian grocery and deli, the kind of place that is increasingly hard to find, but when you do you appreciate the hell out of it.getting back to that cheesesteak with everything, it was amazing, perfect in every way: the bread, the way the meat and the cheese were working together to win me over, forever. i was so impressed that the next day, new year's eve, my wife and i drove down from north phoenix so i could show her what all the fuss was about. we ordered the meatball and the portobello mushroom, so that we could each sample a variety. we also got a side order of the mozzarella basil tomato salad (swimming in balsamic) and a slice of cheesecake. the meatball was good (i really wanna try the off-the-menu reuben) but the portobello mushroom was STELLAR, and actually complemented the meatball sandwich nicely. the mozzarella salad was tasty, but that cheesecake was the best i've ever had, and i say that with full apologies to my own mother. i understand now why they used to use "cheesecake" to describe the titillating bits of those old pin-up models.so yeah, great flavors, huge portions, great service, and an all around awesome place to eat.
3	10/27/10Had I not have to wait 20 minutes for two sandwiches, I'd easily give this meal 4 stars.  Looking over these photos and remembering how good these sandwiches tasted, I'd like to visit again soon, but recalling how long my wait was, and the negative vibes that bounced off the cook (that took my order) and another whom I thought was either an owner or a manager, I am very hesitant on returning.  :(  I did enjoy the sandwiches, especially the cheesesteak, even though half-way through my half-sandwich, I decided it was a little too salty.  I thought the marinara on the parm a great contrast to the rich, creaminess of the cheesesteak and kept me reaching for another bite of the eggplant!  Loved munching on the hefty wheat roll, but I didn't care much for the soft white roll that the parm rested on.
5	Since moving here from Boston, I've been rather disappointed with the quality of food. Everything from pizza to Chinese food has really been nothing but let down after let down... especially the Chinese food... man is it bad.. like, you have to try to make Chinese food this bad.. the only real saving grace is the Mexican food and the happy hour (lets be honest... quality of food is NOT what you're after when going to happy hour). That's why, when you do find a place around here that is head and shoulders above the rest, you need to tell everyone about it and always go back. Defalco's is just this kind of place. I pretty much agree with everyone when it comes to the cheese steak. Sure my arteries trembled with fear when it saw a massive amount of ooey gooey cheese rolling their way. but i didn't care... it was one of the best cheese steaks I've ever had. It was comparable to, or maybe even better than, my favorite from back east... La Cascia's Bakery & Deli's cheese steak (Burlington, MA). it had the perfect amounts of steak, mushrooms, peppers, onions, and cheese. as bobby said... goddamn.. Some lady also got a Chef Salad that looked out of this world. its an old fashioned Italian deli so its all high quality cold cuts and lot of them! One last thing too rave about is, this place has has a lot of stuff that you cannot find in the grocery stores around here but were readily available back east. all of the Italian sauces, pastas, oils, vinegars, etc... next time i cook I'm definitely getting most of my stuff from here.
5	Wow. The portobello mushroom sandwich was amazing 6/5.   Also got the Caprese salad - high quality delicious mozzarella 5/5. And finished with a cannoli which was yummy 4/5.
4	Very good sub.  Bread might have been a little stale, but it was still good.  For people who complain about the wait... shut up and order a beer.
5	I've only been here once, but I have to give it a 5--this was easily the best cheesesteak I've ever eaten.  Every aspect of it was perfect, from the freshly made bread that was crisp on the outer layer and chewy inside, to the wonderfully sauteed peppers and onions, it was mouth-watering just to gaze upon.  They use white American, which is a requirement to me for a good cheesesteak (don't come at me with this provolone stuff, not on a cheesesteak).  All this goodness for $5.  How can you beat that??I also picked up some great quality ingredients for my next homemade pizza while I was there--San Marzano tomatoes, imported pepperoni from Chicago, and some cherry peppers.
4	I found this on Food on TV, which shows all the Food Network visited places.  Anyway, I almost went to Olive Garden, so please forgive an out of towner.Food was great, especially for a pre-half marathon carbo load.  Counter man was super helpful.  Didn't really like having to go back up for second beer, but what they hey.  Small chicken parm was good for a runner, a big guy would want a full.  Playoff game was on TV, which was cool, and place was not a zoo.While I was drawn to the cookies, the price made my eyes pop and wallet shrink, so I passed.All in all, for dinner, YES!
5	Place is awsome.  Got the beef cheesesteak and everything was great.  The bread was possibly the best I have ever had.  Price was pretty good.  Just over 9 bucks for a whole sammich and soda.  While waiting I walked around and I plan on going back for some shopping.  Lots of pasta, sauces and just about anything you could want for Italian food.  5 stars all the way.
5	This place is delicious! The guys are all great and their food is to die for. They have a nice beer/wine selection and a great Italian grocery selection. The sandwiches and pizza are amazing. Try the IL Purista sandwich if you like prosciutto on a Caprese style sandwich! They also offer great Italian salads and sides, stuffed peppers, cheeses and desserts.  Definitely a must try!!!7/23/11** Ok it's been about 500 times that I've been here now and it's still delicious.
5	I crave the il purista from Defalco's at least once a week. It's such a simple sandwich, but it's the best -and closest to a NY deli-, I'm going to get in Scottsdale..  I prefer dining in. There's patio seating, a TV usually with a good game on and good music - Pinback, The Shins, Fleet Foxes?! (Although I was iffy about staying last time to enjoy my meal, due to the fact that Morrissey was playing.. but I'm pretty sure it was a huge mistake/defect and it won't happen again) The staff here reminds me of the neighborhood deli's back East: until they know you, they don't care what you order, what you think and who you are..but when they start recognizing you, you feel like part of a secret family. It may be a bit of a wait, but it's well worth it. I prefer quality of food and quality of staff, as opposed to how fast I can choke it down on my lunch break.  Savor it.
4	The food is consistently good. Good selection of wines and pasta in their little market. Be prepare to wait about 20 minutes for your order, especially when its busy.
5	best chicken parmesan i have ever had. and they have lupini beans :) will be back soon!
4	Such a great find...so thankful to my friend who introduced me to Defalco's. It's an Italian deli/store that also serves up a full menu of food. I usually order ahead and either eat it there or take it to go as during lunch they get very busy and you usually end up waiting for your food for quite awhile. The prices are soooo good and they make everything fresh. Check out their deli counter with their fresh salads. Love the fresh mozzarella, tomato, and basil sandwich. I get my sandwiches on their sub roll. When I ate meat I'd get the same sub but add prosciutto. Drizzle EVOO and balsamic vinegar and you are ready to get your grub on. Oh yum, their Chicken Parmigiana sandwich is a large amount of tender chicken in their homemade red sauce covered in melted mozzarella...what's not to like about that? Their pastas and stuffed pastas are fabulous; eggplant parmigiana and stuffed shells are great! The pasta dishes come with a side salad and garlic bread. This has a comfortable family feel and it's always fun eating here, I would definitely recommend it!
3	I never have a problem with the quality of the food here. If I was rating on the quality alone I would have given at least 4 stars but this place is slooooooow! I worked right down the street for years and could rarely ever eat there because I couldn't fit it in my lunch hour even when I called ahead. I don't know why everything takes so dang long but there has to be a better way of doing things. If you have plenty of time I suggest the sausage and peppers.
4	This is a cute lil Italian market on N Scottsdale Rd.  It's a lil hidden but has easy parking.  If you go there, you can pick-up some pre-made lunch and desserts from the deli section or store up on imported groceries for your house.  There aren't many tables for eating so if you're going to have lunch and eat there, I'd suggest going a lil before or after normal lunch rush hours.I'm a fan of their lemon bar.  It's very tart and lemony!!Might see ya there!
4	Im on the search for the best cheesesteak. This ranks as my # 3. I will definetly be back to try some other menu items, but i will make sure i get their early cause i waited 30 min. for my food.
4	Their eggplant parmesan was BOMB DOT COM. I also had a cup of the cappuccino and really enjoyed it. The atmosphere is really neat because you are eating in a grocery store. Love it.
5	Amazing Steak and Cheese... Better than any Philly one I have ever had... Takes a little while tom order and get your food but that's cause it's so good!! Great pizza too!
5	It may have taken me a few minutes to get my Il Purista, but upon the first bite it wouldn't have mattered if it took 3 hours and my first born child.  Defalco's has the honor to be my first favorite sandwich shop.  I have never been a huge sandwich fan, but with fresh mozzarella, basil leaves, tomatoes and enough panscetta to bring my tastebuds to climax, I am now.
5	The best philly cheesesteak in town!
1	Maybe they make good sandwiches but if you order something harder than that you might NOT get something OK to eat .Not only did I wait 1/2 hour to get my salad after I ordered it but when it arrivered it was awful and mostly not edible.I ordered the chicken pesto salad and it was smeared maybe bottleld pesto paste smeared sickenly thick on top of breaded chicken breast ....(AWFUL)the salad could have been great but it wasn't because it was soaked in a fishy Oil that tasted like oil from anchovies it was a bowl of salad drowning in what tasted like oil from anchovies and covered with lots of grated cheese to make the fishy oil all over taste even worse .Also a big splash of tomato sauce on my salad plate .This salad was insaulting and disrespectal to anyone .This truley was one of the worst meals I ever tried to eat .I left my salad in full display of guest to seeI didn't even complain because I didn't trust them to make me anythingelse and I didn't want to wait another half hour .I think even a teen at a drive threw would care and make better food I can never try this place again....no care here....I can't eat at a place that is this way .
2	Hmm. I'm not so sure about this one.The sandwiches are A-ok. Not great. Not bad. I've certainly had better.I consider myself to be a sandwich snob. The bread wasn't really that great. The meat wasn't anything special. I could get the same deli meat at any other unique Italian Deli (it all comes from the same wholesaler), and the wait for this place is ridiculous.I came here because of the hype. "Dave, you gotta try Defalco's". I was let down. I was expecting my socks to be knocked off. Instead, I tripped on my shoe lace.Everything seemed stale and old. The guy at the counter was a bit abrupt and rude. The only redeeming factor: Orangina.
5	I gave DeFalco's another shot. At the end of this review, you will see the huge redeeming factor, and why this business has created a fan in me!My dinner companion and I came in last night and we shared a plate of Gnocchi (with red sauce and alfredo, both on the side), as well as a Caprese Salad. We took home a chocolate cannoli.We patiently waited for our meal, and we able to share a great conversation about some of the wonderful in the store like the different pastas, olive oils and such.When our food arrived, we were treated to all kinds of good stuff! The Gnocchi was cooked to perfection. Not gummy, not tough...just perfect like little pillows of magic! The sauces were delightful! The alfredo is very rich and tasty. You can taste all the different ingredients in it. The garlic, the cheese, the cream. It's not the Olive Garden. It's legit! The marinara wasn't overly tangy or tomatoey. It was just right!The Caprese Salad was perfect as well! The mozzarella danced on our palates and the tomatoes were divine. I would've liked a little bit more basil, but maybe that's something I can ask for next time :)The portions are VERY generous. We were unable to finish the Gnocchi. You'll see why in a second.Regarding my past review...The staff was much friendlier this time around. I am VERY happy that I gave these guys a second chance. Maybe I caught someone on a bad day. Things happen. Although there was a wait, we ordered before a few people because we were deciding on what to order. That's ok.  It was worth the wait. Take in the atmosphere, look around the store. Relax. Have a conversation with the person you are with. You'll forget about the wait. Don't be in a rush.Also this time around, I was able to speak to Anthony DeFalco the owner, and talk to him about my first experience. He is a VERY nice guy, and very passionate about the business. My advice to any Yelper or customer who has ever had an experience that is out of the ordinary (most of the reviews are very positive), come in and tell him and he will make sure the staff fixes the problem for next time.I should also mention that he saw me, and recognized me, and made sure that my table had a sandwich in addition to our meal that my dinner companion and I shared. It was PERFECT. Bread heavenly with a crispy crust, just enough mayo and mustard, delicious cheese, and tasty meats. I am a fan.He then explained to me about his selection of ingredients, breads, olive oils etc. You can see the passion he brings to work each day. It's pretty cool. I don't usually update reviews from bad experiences, but this is one I am very glad I did.Great job Anthony and the staff at DeFalco's!P.S. We took the chocolate cannoli home. And it was epic.
4	I really enjoy DeFalco's because of its unique atmosphere and the exceptional, authentic Italian food.  DeFalco's is a family-owned Italian deli and market.  The restaurant is divided by racks of wine, imported pasta and a large inventory of desserts and treats. After ordering at the back of the restaurant by the meat and cheese cases you're free to choose a table; no matter where you choose to sit, that spot in the house becomes your own private restaurant.Yes, it does take a little bit longer to receive your meal but this is because they take the time to make every dish to order (the sign on the door even indicates this). Whatever you order comes out in its glorious perfection.  And, you get some extra time to stroll around the store as your mind wanders; so many items to choose from, so many meal ideas!  My dinner companion and I split a Caprese salad, a full order of Gnocci with Alfredo and red sauces on the side, an Italian sandwich, and a chocolate cannoli for dessert. The Caprese: the tomatoes were perfectly ripe, the mozzarella was exquisite (and it was a generous portion!), and the basil was refreshing.  The salad came with a side of olive oil--this olive oil was some of the best I've ever had--and balsamic vinegar.  The Gnocci was incredibly light and slightly chewy; again, another incredibly delicious dish!  The side of red sauce and Alfredo were perfect--I like to go back and forth between dipping in each of them to create sort of a Vodka sauce.  The Alfredo was rich and had a strong garlic flavor, something very unique and quite addicting.  We had to try an Italian sub; after all, the huge list of sandwiches, both hot and cold, was practically calling our names.  The bread had just the right amount of crunch, but it was also chewy and soft in the inside.  I was going to hold myself back from eating the entire thing, but I couldn't.  So damn good.  AND the cannoli!  We chose the chocolate covered variety.  The cream had just the right density and ratio of chocolate chips.  The shell itself was crisp and the chocolate added just enough richness to the dessert.  Incredible.  Anthony DeFalco came to our table to see how we enjoyed our meal, which really completed the whole experience.  He's incredibly passionate about his family's restaurant and explained how they never cut corners on quality ingredients.  We asked about the amazing olive oil that accompanied our Caprese salad, and he went to the back to bring out a bottle wrapped in gold foil.  I only wish I knew where to buy this exceptionally light and pure oil, but then again, that is DeFalco's secret.
5	It's often crowded, but these sandwiches are the most satisfying I've had in Phoenix.
4	An awesome little Italina deli, I would recommend the Il Purista sandwhich. . the prosciuto is so good! This is not a fast place so don't expect your order to come flying out at you but its worth the wait in my opinion. Also has a good little selection of olive oils, olives, breads, and other goods available
4	I love this place because it combines so many things I dig: sandwiches, Italianism, a great wine selection, and an overall nice casual atmosphere. If I had a market, I'm pretty sure it would be like this one if I could help it.The one critical thing I would add is that next time I'm craving DeFalco's on a Saturday at around noon, I think I'll call in the order. It's a rather popular place for lunch.
5	In a suburban sprawl filled with bland, recently franchised chains speckled everywhere, this deli shines like a diamond in the rough.  I love this place. It is my favorite deli in the Phoenix metro area.  Anyone that moves here from a place with good delis (like say... New York or Philly) will be sold after the first trip.  It's not dirt cheap, but high quality food is worth the moderate price.If you're wondering what to expect, imagine this: a mafia informant got relocated to Arizona. His wife was feeling lonely so he brought his father-in-law over from the Old Country to keep her happy.  Being a cranky old codger, the pater familia became annoyed at the lack of quality delis in the Phoenix sea of chain restaurants.  So he started a little place where he could get good pasta, good sandwiches, and quality groceries when he wanted Mama to make some stuff at home.  And it's staffed by people who all speak english clearly... even if they have a mexican accent.The service can be a little slow, but it's worth the wait if you've got 20-30 minutes to spare.  I don't have any kids, but I would gladly give up someone else's first-born for one of their "il purista" sandwiches.
4	The only thing I hate about this place is how many times I should be going there for lunch and forget about it. We've ordered takeout here for work on several occasions, and just recently I was able to eat at Defalco's for the first time. What I've realized? The line is absolutely well worth it. I've tried to order a different sandwich every time and every time it's been just as amazing as the last, if not better.I love how the line goes through the store, allowing you to see all the wines, beer options, foods you can buy and the deli section in slow motion before you make it to the counter. Next time I am definitely getting the German potato salad!Two minor issues I had with eating in last time:1)  One of the displayed beers, a microbrew I look forward to every year, wasn't actually available.2) Upon going up to the counter to get a refill on my beverage the man taking orders was very upset. He told me the people in the line were gonna come after me. And I'll stop there. I think this took longer than actually refilling my drink.
5	I know, its annoying to all you AZ peeps when I say, "I grew up in NY with good food." I accept that it is impossible for you to understand what it is like to rarely have bad bread, bad cold cuts, bad service or just plain have a place that isn't trying staying around. Of course, us east coaster's are leaving out all the corporate places; the same Chili's, Applebees, Boston Market...etc stores are back east as well (most of them) and they suck just as bad there as they do here. What we mean is that the places that everyone goes to in our old neighborhoods are like Defalco's. Defalco's is like no other place I have been to here in AZ. They have amazing food, great bread, Boar's Head cold cuts, and italian groceries that I didn't even realize I couldn't find until I saw them here. Amazing...just amazing. They have chicken cutlets. NO ONE IN AZ HAS THESE! It is kind of ridiculous that an easy to make, menu staple (in the east) is impossible to find out here. I have seen them on menus, they were actually chicken tenders. Cutlets are chicken breast, breaded with Italian spices and egg, pan-fried and then baked. Defalco's has awesome cutlets! They use them on their Chicken Parmesan sandwich as well. That blew me away! They also have Dilusso Genoa Salami, if you haven't had it...you haven't had salami! This gem of a store is a constant stop when I am anywhere near it, or have family visiting. If you haven't been...just go!Side note: If you are expecting to be told what is on the sandwich, give up eating sandwiches. When you order, tell them the things you enjoy eating on bread, they'll assemble it, bring it to you and then you eat it. It ain't Quiznos or Subway, this is good food. If you can't figure it out, walk away and eat crap, come back when you know what you like!
3	Up until yesterday, I was planning on completing my draft of an effusive, glowing, 5-star review for Defalco's.  Yes, it was going to be a wonderful description of how much I love the food, blah, blah, blah...That was until I waited 35 minutes for a cheesesteak.  35 minutes.  For a sandwich.  No, it wasn't during the lunch rush.  In fact, there were only 4 other people in the store.  I walked right up to the counter to order, as there was not a line (a first!).  And then proceeded to wait.  And wait.  And wait some more.  35 minutes, to be exact, thanks to the time-stamp on my receipt.I have been to Defalco's on more occasions than I can count, and know to expect a longer than average wait.  Hey, quality takes time.  I get it.  I have thoroughly enjoyed each and every item I have tried there - pizza, calzone, cold sandwiches, deli items and of course my personal favorite, the cheesesteak.  My partner in culinary crime counts their food, especially their four-meat combo sandwich, among his favorite things.  Unfortunately, 35 minutes for one sandwich in a practically empty place is ridiculous enough to make me re-think my formerly 5-star opinion.
4	I remember the original in a strip mall that I used to go to all the time.  The new location is also in a strip mall, but it's cleaner and bigger.  Great place for a sandwich.  They even have giardiniera.  Nice folks run this place and it is always packed.  Go here if you get a chance.
5	Excellent Italian salumeria in Scottsdale. Pricey if you think you are entering a typical deli, but this is no typical deli. This is and Italian deli by Little Italy, NY standards. Get the Purista sandwich. Prosciutto, fresh mozz, roasted peppers and arugala. If I move here I know I'll have a little bit of home right down the block.
5	AMAZING. The white pizza, cheesesteak (chicken & beef), & deli sandwiches are great. I've never been disappointed. Expect to wait awhile sometimes, as this place gets busy! Well worth the wait though.
3	i might toy with the idea of maybe giving this place another shot and trying one of the pizza's or pastas...i just was not impressed. Waited 20+ min for the sandwich and when they finally brought it out it was on white bread when i asked for wheat. So right off the bat i was peeved. i didn't want to wait another 20 minutes for a damn sandwich so i sucked it up and put my big girl panties on and ate it anyway. it was alright, honestly just another sandwich.However they do have a considerable large choice of meats, cheese, pasta sides etc..i am a girl who likes choices. The atmosphere was also interesting as well, ya know, the whole Italian grocery store thing inside a restaurant is pretty creative.
3	I cant give more then three stars at this point. However on my next visit it will probably update to a five. when ever I try a place I like to have something simple. This time I opted for the roast beef Sub , with lettuce tomato, onions and mayo. It was pretty darn good. I also had a chocolate cannoli, the cannoli was a five. Next time I will try the Philly with mushrooms. Look for my Update. Be patient it takes some time to get your food.
4	I was told about this place by a few coworkers and I knew that I had to try it!  I used to live in Italy and I really miss the italian products and food!  It was so fun to step in there and see things I used to get in Italy!  I would definitely give the grocery part 5 stars...I go back all the time to get my italian fix.  I love their pizza it is yummy...but it took them like 45 minutes to make it.  I have also had their italian sausage sandwich which was also great but that took over a half an hour too.   I guess it is the Italian mentality where nothing should be rushed but it was a little long!  I always come back because it is delicious and so worth the wait!  The staff is friendly.  I give it four stars because the items take so long...it is ok though I will always come back and I definitely recommend it to my friends!
5	I just have to tell you that this place is amazing. Not only is the food top notch so is the service. It is a rare find to get awesome food, a comfortable environment and excellent service at a reasonable price all rolled into one. The homemade sausage is excellent, the pizza is perfect, the choice of deli meats is extensive and homemade side salads (red potato dill is my favorite) and everything on the menu is fantastic. I have read that people say the wait is long, (which I find unfounded) but when you are considering what you are getting, the wait means nothing. I have waited longer for Sysco reheated food in a restaraunt (bleh) and had worse service. I would take a 10 min longer wait for really good, fresh food any day. If you can't appreciate that then maybe chain restaurants is where you should stay. We really do our best to stay away from those and finding places like Defalco's is really tough. We will continue to be loyal customers and spread the word of one our favorite places to eat. Don't pass the opportunity to try this place!!
5	I cannot honestly say I've had a better cheese steak anywhere else. Defalco's is absolutely the best I've had. If you know of a better one I beg you to share that knowledge. I always try and call ahead, they get really busy, often, understandably so.
5	They have the best herb filled and parmesan sausage around, not fatty and all flavor. The sandwiches rock, the groceries sort of pricey. It may take an extra 10 min or so wait but this is not subway. Good value too. Expected them to have an excellent giardineria in a jar, it is still good on a sandwich but AJ's has the best and I could eat it out of the jar plain!
5	Oh man this place is incredible--exactly like a deli you'd find in NY/NJ. Great grocery and wine selection too. I'd call ahead for your order or be prepared to wait at least 15 minutes.
3	This sounds strange...I know.  When I went in I saw on their menu that they had a Pepperoni and Egg sandwich.  And I figured, "When in Rome..."  Right?It was absolutely delish!  I had no idea what kind of egg it would be...hard boiled? Over easy?  Fried? Scrambled?I recommend this sandwich.  Totally.The prices are kinda high.  My sandwich alone was $7.  And my friend's pizza was about $12.But the food was pretty good.  We walked in and got what we wanted.
3	I went here with my buddy and I ate a meatball sandwich. The quality was not bad, nor exceptional. It was a substantial amount of food. My buddy had the trio sandwich, I believe. He didn't have a ton to add to the contrary about his sandwich, which was also middle-of-the-road. He sang the praised for the cheese steak sandwich however and the pizza pictures look phenomenal.I personally would have ordered the calzone but the base was 6 something with an additional $2 for each topping.With the two sandwiches and drinks I believe the total was around 15-17 dollars. I would go back to try something else, but I wouldn't go here specifically for a meatball sandwich.Their call-ahead service was helpful as the line was fairly long by the time we got there. The food was ready and the service was prompt. I would suggest this if you are in a hurry for lunch.
5	What can I possibly say? Everything they serve there is wonderful. The selection in their little grocery section is inspirational. Even when I go with a list, I end up with a dozen things I didn't know I needed at home for my pantry. They have amazing prosciutto. If you are a foodie, this is one fun place.
5	DeFalco's Italian Deli IS as good as it gets.  It is truly a snippet out of NYC! It's a great little authentic Italian deli with an incredibly great selection of foods behind the deli counters and a great selection of other Italian foods out and about the deli.  Not only do they have THE BEST cheese steak in AZ, all of their food rocks, at least all that I have and that has been almost everything on their menu.  I usually go with friends and we...I order for us, 2 whole sandwiches so we can do half and half.  The last round was the cheese steak and hot Italian sausage!  YUMMMMMMMMMMM!  By the way, their cannoli's are the BEST, not filled until ordered so the shell is nice and crunchy.  Gotta go, I'm hungry!!
5	This is my husband and mine favorate place to go. We love the food and stopping in for stuff as well.
5	We eat there alot and we have never had a bad meal. It is recommended to call ahead to place your order.
5	Defalco's is a family favorite! they make handmade pizzelle cookies that are amazing! they don't make them often but when they do my wife will buy all they have.  While she was pregnant, she asked if they could call her anytime they made a batch, and they did!  This place is usually incredibly busy yet quick to take care of the customers.  So for them to take the time to give her a call and let her know about a desert was impressive.  We take friends here anytime they are in from out of town.
5	Great hot sandwiches. I would highly recommend. Hidden off the West side of Scottsdale Road. Small interior. I would expect a wait if you hit the noon crowd. I've never seen anyone shop at deli, but the shelves break up the restaurant nicely.
5	This place is unbelievable.  Great lunch spot and great deli.  I've been going here for 3 years, mostly because their sandwiches are so good (chicken cutlet, cheese steak, chicken pesto sandwich are awesome) but they started making pizza now which is equally good.  Friendly staff too.  Seriously, if you don't like this place, I don't want to be friends with you.
5	I love this place! Everything about it! The great food, the grocery section, the cramped seating (it gives character). It all goes together perfectly. Haven't found one bad thing yet:)
5	Best meatball sub i've had in a long time.  Meatballs were big and just soft enough.  Plenty of sauce and cheese.  I got a half order and I was so full!  Probably hard to find a seat during the lunch rush and I've heard complaints that they are slow, but  we didn't have any trouble.
5	imported groceries, fresh caprese salads, salami and cheese as far as the eye can see, fresh baked pizza, half orders of spaghetti with clam sauce. Need I say more?
5	Well I was in Scottsdale for a business trip and saw this hole in the wall deli / Italian grocery and thought I would give it a shot.  I thought it would just be sandwiches, but this place is an Italian restaurant with a deli / grocery store front!  The Veal Parm was awesome!  I came back the next day to try the famous cheesesteak and it was incredible as well.  I do admit the cheese was kind of strange because it was melted into liquid consistency, but the taste was awesome!  If I had another day I would have tried the pizza because it looked just as spectacular.  I also got a chance to speak with the owner and he was really cool.  The wait there is a little much, but when you are ordering food like this you have to certainly expect a wait, and there is a sign on the door warning customers of this, so it should be no surprise.  Some reviewers complain about the prices but for food of this quality it is really a bargain!  This place is the real deal, I highly recommend it!
4	Just tried DeFalco's tonight after it was featured in the weekly YELP newsletter on cheesesteaks. I had the margherita pizza and a dinner salad and enjoyed it.  The italian dressing was meh. No spices- just oil and vinegar. I expected it to be a special homemade type of dressing since this is an italian deli. Both my husband and son had the cheesesteak. They loved it. The roll was great and that is very important to the whole package. It was meaty as well. My husband liked the fact that the cheese was mixed and melted into the steak. Not on the bottom of the roll or laying on top. My son didn't like the fact that they didn't have WIZ but he is a teenager and  well...if you have a teenager you know where I'm coming from. Even though we liked it, we like Philadelphia Sandwich Company better and it will be hard to go right by it to go to DeFalco's. Another quick thing to mention. The guy taking our orders was not rude but his attitude was "I'm doing you a favor by standing here taking your order". So....I don't know if he was hung over or having a bad day but it was our first impression.
5	A beautiful piece of Italian heaven!  The food speaks for itself!
4	I have heard exciting and molto delicioso things DeFalco's. See, ever since I took a trip to Tuscany a few years ago, I am always faced with yearning for the freshest prosciutto, the perfect cheese and bread, and a wine to wash down the salty, meaty goodness with. E ecco! I ambled in and was awash in Italian grocery goodness. The giant gallon-sized cans of Extra Virgin Olive Oil with the Italia stamp on it made me long for the olive gardens of yesteryear, the truffled gelato in the freezer was whispering sweet nothings to me... I had to hold myself back fiercely to not grab a basket and start purchasing everything. I stood in line patiently-- it was mid-afternoon on a Saturday and there was quite a bit of traffic. While I waited, I stared in the refrigerated glass counter at the stuffed mozzarella balls, the various Italian salads and fresh-cut meats. I moved closer and laid my eyes on the menu. There she was: "Il Purista," the greatest-sounding sandwich ever: Prosciutto, Fresh Mozzarella, Fresh Basil, Tomato, Roasted Peppers, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, & Balsamic Vinegar. Che fortunato! I ordered it from the surly Italian guy behind the counter. The sandwich was the perfect combination of flavors, but what was most impressive was the pile of prosciutto on it. I could not believe the quantity, quality and savory goodness. My mouth waters just thinking about it.However, due to the fact that I had to wander around their close quarters for about a half an hour before I got my food, I think I will call ahead next time. They do have a sign that warns you about their process taking longer than usual, so I consider myself warned and cannot wait to sink my teeth into their food again soon!
5	Stay away from this place because it's too yummy, you can't handle it. The Philly chee steak sandy made me feel like hurting all the other posers who had been selling me cheese steak lies previously. Plus, the friendly guy behind the register recommended that I add avocado. Who knew?? Flavor shotgun blast to my dome!
4	When ever I'm on this side of Scottsdale and in the mood for a good sandwich I stop here. They make some of the best Italian sandwiches I eaten here in phoenix. I would give em a 5 star rating but the 2 times I ate here, the bread seemed a little too crispy and difficult to bite into.
5	I love this place! The Meatball sandwich is great and so are all the pastas. Completely authentic and not gross like a cheapy Italian Restaurant.Everything is good from the bread, to the meatballs, to the side salad. Order the half portion or full portion of all their menu items and it will not disappoint. Expect to wait a 1/2 or more for your food to arrive though, it will not be done quickly but it will be worth the wait. Call ahead if you are in a hurry! The desserts are also delicious, not to mention it contains a market with a surplus of Italian ingredients to make your own meal at home. Your Italian Grandma would be so proud!
4	I haven't had a carb since 2004. The other day I decided I would try something new and have a bowl of spaghetti. I am sooooo glad I chose Defalco's to break the streak.  The pasta was incredibly satisfying and the meatball was the best I've had in recent memory.  I can't wait to go back in 7 years to try one of their sandwiches.
4	The food is 5 stars! Absolutely delicious!BUT 3.5 stars overall.Negatives include the SLOW service.  DO NOT go here if you are already hungry.  You can literally feel yourself aging while you stand helplessly waiting for your food.  It's not uncommon to wait a good 20 - 30 minutes.Also a negative - Price.  I'm guessing they probably do have all of their ingredients flown in from Italy, because the price reflects it.  I guess you do get what you pay for.  Typically you'll spend $10 for a sandwich, $3-$5 on sides and $2-$3 for your drink.  The happy hour prices seem okay ($2 beer).Seating is extremely limited.  Barely any room to even move around in here.  Also, your table is so close to the other tables that people are participating in your conversation.  Kinda creepy!  The outdoor seating is basically lawn-chair, patio furniture. And Location/Parking.  Not the best, especially with the crazy road construction.  But I guess in the end...  It is what it is.   I still return and will continue to help support local businesses.
5	I work close by and a friend recommended them.  i have been there 1-2 times a week sense.  Everything I try is great.  Don't be in a rush though.  I use to drive 20 miles to get a good Italian Beef sandwich with spicy sausages.   Now I just go 5 minutes for a great one.
4	I've been here more times than I can count & it is always delicious. Usually pretty busy and hard to find seating, but the food is enough to keep me coming back. They have added pizza to the menu which I have yet to try, but looks amazing. They have also added a lot more Italian items to their grocery than when I first started coming & organized it a little better. Wonderful!
5	awesome sandwiches. I'd been here 2 times and 5 starts every time
4	I stumbled on to this place while looking for cannoli shells.  I couldn't pass up eating here so I got the 'Il Purista'.  It reminded me of my grandmother's food and the real Italian food you can get on the east coast.  The only reason I am giving it 4 stars is because of the wait to get my food.  Don't get me wrong though, it was worth the wait.
5	Been a fan of this place since before Yelp! found it.  True it is not cheap.  True the time it takes to get your food is so looooong that you think they forgot about you.  BUT they didn't.  My tip - get your drink - fill it - drink it - re-fill it - repeat.  About the 2nd or 3rd refill is about the time you can expect to get your food.I am either boring or extremely loyal depending on your POV - if I find something that I like - I stick with it.  If I don't - I either try something else or never return to that establishment.  For this place - I get the Chick-Parm with Pasta salad.  It has never let me down!Since I live in CA - I only get to this place when I visit family - so it is a must-do when I visit.  Usually 3-4 times a year.  When I do make it here - I eat it up - then usually go home and sleep for a nice 2 hour nap. :)  Then I can return to visiting with the fam.
5	Wow! The food is great.  I am in love with the Calzone here, but I've had a number of other things in the past and have never been displeased.  In addition, these guys have a beer selection that rivals most grocery stores.
5	Get the PESTO philly cheese steak amazing.  Sounds wierd and gross but not!  Their pizza is really good too.  You can't go wrong here.  I would suggest calling in your order.  I do that all the time and you can still eat it there.  If you go to eat in, it takes time.  You are not at Mcdonalds.
5	Best spaghetti!  The people here are awesome!  Defalco's is a family owned restaurant and the food is great!  Make sure to try them out.
4	Love this place but giving it a 4 star as it can be somewhat slow and few healthier options to select from. Yeah I know, penalizing them for not "healthy" is probably silly as you know when going to let's say a fast food joint you are not eating so good. That being said the food at Defalco's is very high quality - almost as if you are in Italy and am not comparing it to fast food.I suggest you wait to try out Defalco's when not in a rush as its worth the wait. There order system is very similar to local places back east (basically avoiding technology) and that probably ties into part of the slower process of ordering and getting your food. I am from back east (NY area) and finding a good Italian deli / grocery store in the Phoenix area is not an easy task. A friend introduced me to Defalco's and anytime I am headed south on Scottsdale road (which is often) and after passing Thomas my stomach seems to pick up we are near Defalco's as it starts giving me the rumble noise.I have tried many things on the menu such as Eggplant Parmigiana, Chicken Parmigiana, and Cheese steak and three of those are worth a shot. I recommend to bring a friend and each get a different large sandwich and share.
5	This little place tucked just south of the main Scottsdale drag is quite a gem. I found a food tasting forum on-line which mentioned it as a noteworthy stop for some really great food. That was an understatement; from the parking lot it looks a little sketchy but never judge a book by it's cover.Not only is this place very easy on the wallet, it's so interesting!  In addition to being a deli it is also a small Italian grocery with numerous wines, oils, cheeses, and meats.  I originally stopped in for their Philly Cheese steak and, having been to Philadelphia this past year I can honestly say this sandwich earns that name, so delicious.If I'm ever in the area I love to take my friends and family for a bite to eat.
4	AMAZING. The cheese steak is the cats pajamas. The chicken parm sandwich is heavenly. I would like to try other items, but I cannot stray from my usual as they are too delicious. Would be five stars if their service was a teensy bit faster, but not a big deal. It's worth the wait!
4	I usually steer away from places that have large lines and after a certain time I wont dare go here cause it can be hard to find a seat and the food does take a while to make but if you are taking a lunch around 11am you can squeeze in before the rush and grab some tasty foods. I have been going here for years and it took me a while to find what I think they do best and what I don't. Here is my ratings on each dish.Philly cheese steak on hard bread with everything 5/5 - best I've ever tried so farchicken fettuccine with garlic bread 5/5 -  olive garden is one of my favs but this tops it in areascalzones - 2/5 pretty large but terribleside salads 2/5 bland cafeteria qualityItalian sausage with peppers- 2/5 too large of ingredients throw off the tasteprosciutto - 5/5 some of the best tasting meat I have hadpizza - i cant recall it so I wont rate itturkey w/ provolone 3/5So the line may be long or seating short depending on timing. It isn't the easiest to get a take out box if you decide after to take it with you. And it isn't the most beautiful place to sit down in with all the groceries around but damned if they don't have some killer food.
4	This was a random surprise. It looks like a market but then we realized that the restaurant menu and ordering area is in the back , with the tables interspersed among the grocery isles. The market itself has a great selection of pasta, sauces, biscuits, and wine. The food itself is great.The menu was huge and I kinda got lost in it so I ended up ordering a half turkey and provolone sandwich on nine grain, a cup of minestrone soup (which came with bread) and a side meat ball. The sandwich was good, it wasn't the best but good for the price. The minestrone was yummy. And the meatball was AMAZING!!! My fiance had the cheese steak sandwich, which was very tasty, but the clam chowder was pretty bland. The wait was a bit long, but we really were not in a hurry so it was not a big deal. Also, the salads looks great. The next time I come here, I'm definitely getting another meatball, maybe try one of the other hot sandwiches and one of the salads.
2	I've been to Defalco's a handful of times before with average customer service, and above average southwestern Italian food. However, tonight, I ordered a soup, they were out of. The cashier refused to make more of the soup of the day. After waiting 10-15 minutes to hear the news, he offered a dinner salad. The salad was not fresh and the lettuce was unsatisfactory, after waiting an additional 10 minutes. I went up to the counter and spoke to the owner. He offered to give me another salad, which at that point I didn't want to wait any longer. He finally gave me cash back, after giving me some of the worst customer service experience I've received at any restaurant in Arizona.The worst part is that he would NOT listen to me when I told him the lettuce tasted stale and out of date. He outright denied my claim. I have not received such an attitude toward a customer before. He had no reason to give me a snarky, self-righteous attitude. He acted completely full of himself and his restaurant, saying that it was fresh and I was wrong. It's not that hard to please the customer. I will not return and can't recommend this restaurant based on their refusal to put the customer first. I'm pretty sure I know how a fresh salad should taste and this was not up to par. Not a big deal, don't attack the customer. That's unacceptable. There are a number of Italian restaurants I frequent in Tempe and Scottsdale and will go to them in the future. Defalco's inability to give a welcoming and positive experience is not well received and will not be tolerated.
5	Small deli serving up some delicious sandwiches!  The pizza sub is awesome! (I like to add green peppers and mushrooms)They serve beer as well so you can have a cold one with your lunch.  Also have a stock of specialty Italian foods like your jarred veggies etc.
3	Upon visiting Defalco's I had their chicken parmigiana sandwich and my friend had their chicken pesto. The food was very mediocre, just very bland. The tomato sauce for my parm tasted like it came right out my of school cafeteria from when I was in grade school. I went at a time when there were very few customers (about 7:30pm) and the wait was a little ridiculous, about 25 minutes. However, the bad aside, there were some things I liked a lot about this place. One was the layout, its a bit confusing but kinda fun. The tables are kinda strewed out through the store and its kinda cool eating among the various grocery products. Two, they had an excellent bottled beer selection with a very wide variety. Three they had an excellent happy hour special, 3 dollar imports, 2 dollar domestics.
5	Defalco's Let me count the ways thou love ye.1. The freshest Ingredients2. Everything is literally  amazing (especially the chicken salad sandwich)3. Cheesecake and all deserts are off the Chizain4. Store even smells great5. Italian done right Seriously been coming here for 12+ years. EVERYTHING is good. The wait is long because they make it fresh, so if you lack patience phone your order in. Go here NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Seriously stop reading this and go to Freaking DEFALCO'S JABRONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Oh really your going to sass me now? That's it no Chicken Salad for YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	My God, the bread.  Sooo amazing.  I've had a meatball sandwich and a cheesesteak from here so far and they were killer.The cheesesteak just drips out cheese and everything is so fresh.  Quality is key here, seriously.  Also getting the full sized sandwich is ridiculously filling, definitely get your moneys worth.
3	We ordered two sandwiches: Chicken parmagiana and Eggplant parmagiana.  The chicken was cut into chunks not as a cutlet which caused the meat to be a little dry.  The eggplant was good and they gave me extra sauce on request.  They seem to have a nice turnover so everything seemed fresh.  Being originally from NY I know what good marinara sauce is (a 10) and this is about a 7.5. But I must admit it is better than most of the ones I have tasted in Phoenix/Scottsdale restaurants.  They are definitely nice people and they do their best to serve you quickly.  I would only return if I were in the area.
3	They definitely have the Italian Grocery Store thing down pat.  Service was pleasant though really really slow.  I decided to get the chicken cheesesteak....it was good, but wasn't the best I have ever had.  The pasta salad was good though it could have used more olive oil.  I'll be back to try something else for sure when I am in the area.  But it won't be something that I will run to South Scottsdale for anytime soon.
5	Wow, another gem in Scottsdale!  The food does take a while to arrive, but that is only because you are getting the freshest and best of what you could have ordered.  The atmosphere was great when I visited, a large group of people dining in the middle, laughing, and having fun, just what you'd expect from an Italian place, right?  The place smells devine, too.   So then there's the food...amazing!  Their breads are awesome, the sandwiches are nothing short of amazing.  You'll be back within a couple of days, if you can even hold out that long.
5	Oh, how I miss Defalco's!!!! My saturday's were not complete without an eggplant parm sandwich. The chicken caesar pasta salad is delicious as well. It's all great and homemade. Waiting in line (there always is one) is so painful because you just want to eat everything. The aroma of the place is insane. The hot sandwiches take a few minutes and I am quite antsy but they are very worth the wait. They also stay well. I would always have to take half home and eat it later that night or the next day (sometimes even cold). Regardless, this place is sooooo good!!! I found it hard to find good authentic Italian anything and this was perfect!!!
5	I love this place! I've been here quite a few times but have only had their italilan cold cut sandwich and the philly cheese steak sandwich. Both are delish!!If you're impatient, I recommend calling ahead and then picking up your order. Although it's worth the wait if you're in the mood to dine-in.They have a cute little grocery area to browse while your waiting too. If you're ever in South Scottsdale, I definitely recommend this place.
5	Found this place 5 years ago while searching for a deli with my friend and have been coming back ever since!Hands DOWN the best deli in the Valley. Possibly in all of AZ. A real taste of NYC and worth any sort of wait (not that bad except for lunch).I recommend any italian cold cut, Meatball sub,Turkey or chicken parmHave yet to try the pizza but i would assume it's bomb-diggity!OH I ALMOST FORGOT ABOUT THE CHOCOLATE CANOLLI! you can tell this place excites me!
5	Can't go wrong with the cheese steak
5	Absolutely the best eggplant parmigiana sandwich I've ever had -- and I grew up in New York City. The cold cuts are absolutely top drawer. Thought I'd wandered into a deli in Brooklyn. They even have Dr Brown's soda at a REASONABLE ($1.39) price!!
5	This place has amazing food at a good price. They make the food quick so you don't have to wait long. The cheesesteak is the best mealts in your mouth.
3	I vowed never to return after my last experience here but was in the area and we were in need of hot cherry peppers and thought Defalco's would have them.I had the half Italian beef sandwich, I liked the taste of it with the onions and peppers on the crusty hard to find good bread. This half sandwich was big and sloppy and I felt like a pig woman eating it. They give you a tiny cup of au jus with it and a pepperoncini.My husband had the Italian meat sandwich also on crusty bread and upgraded the cheese to the sharp provolone (.75 extra) and added roasted red peppers (1.50 extra)They do sell hard to find Italian meats,and boar's head meats,cheeses,oils,vinegars,candy and pasta in shapes you can't find in your local grocery and many other things but not the whole (red) hot cherry peppers in vinegar that we were hoping to buy.The sandwiches were good and overall maybe 4 stars but I still feel it is necessary to remove one star for the salad they made me last time.3-8-12 just tried the hot cherry pepper spread....BAH not hot or satisfying one bit
4	One of life's greatest pleasures is revenge, and I can't think of a better place to dish it up than at Defalco's.Here's how.It's Saturday and the girls are looking for a place to lunch. Recommend Defalco's, explaining how their sandwiches are off the hook. When you get there, hang back and order last. It's a small place with nowhere to loiter once you've ordered, the girls will be forced to a table. Now the revenge.You recommended the Italian sub to the others, saying how the portions are super small and to order the whole instead of the half. They believe you and order. Only now, as none of them are within earshot, having wandered off to their table, you order a small cup of mixed olives, a plate of Italian cheeses, and a glass of Chianti. So very European!You won't find this anywhere on the menu, but Defalco's will make it for you special..it'll cost around 10 bucks. Go take your seat with the girls and wait, as the server tries to squeeze three subs the size of Shaq's sneakers onto the table...right along side your tiny plate of cheese and olives.They're mortified. Staring at their 'subs' as all the hot ASU guys in this place are now staring at them. This, as you daintily pick up an olive, a small piece of cheese and take a sip of chianti while smiling at the hotties.Now enjoy, as your bitch 'friends' pay for that remark you overheard them make at Jessica's bachelorette party last weekend...the one about how your butt resembles Oprah's on steroids.Have another sip of wine sweetie.Beautiful, isn't it?
5	So good!! Seriously, I mean it. This place is fabulous. You will walk in and think, "What the hell is this place?" Then you will eat your lunch and then start planning your next meal here. Super delicious.
5	Its amazing! little place best cheesesteaks! you have to try it!
4	Ahhmazing cheesesteak. Was a bit of a wait but pretty much worth it. Loved the wine selection and other grocery goodies!
5	Impossibly good Italian deli in the middle of the desert. Huge sandwiches on the most incredible bread you've ever had outside of NY. As someone who ate here 3 times in a 24 hr period, I feel especially compelled to tell you about their cheesesteak. HO-LY-SHIT. Easily the most decadent, flavorful cheesesteak I've had in a VERY long time - and I live 15 minutes outside of Philly. Im still in disbelief that they could pull something like that off. Ask for yours on the soft roll.I should also mention the sausage,  peppers & onion sandwich, which was really good. I suspect they make their own sausage, which elevates them to superstar status in my book. The chicken parm sandwich and dinner are both equally good, and the meatball sandwich deserves honorable mention as well.I dont do cold subs, but the ones I saw coming out of the kitchen looked huge and tasty. Perhaps I will try their pizza next time I'm in town.
5	I forget who told me about this place but thank God for them!I have never had a bad meal here. My fave sandwich is the sausage w/ peppers and onions. Oh so good. And I love that they have Dr. Brown's soda. The line is usually all the way back to the door, but it's so worth it.I love that the tables are set among the groceries. Ive never had need to go there for anything but lunch, but I like that while waiting in line you can peruse their grocery/deli selections.2 words: go here!
2	I might have loved the food, but the attitude of the place sent us out the door before ordering. Being new to DeFalcos, I wasn't real sure how to order cheese and salami from the deli - we didn't want a sandwich made. We stood around trying to catch the eye of the two men behind the deli counter and finally had to interrupt him as he finished with a customer.  Without a word, or even looking at me, he flicked his thumb towards the back of the room. We decided he wasn't that interested in our money and left. Great food is important, but customer service - not letting a (potentially) good customer get away - is just as important.
5	Excellent food. It's crazy crowded during lunch time so I usually go around 1:30, 2:00. Their roast beef sandwich is delicious with roasted peppers.
3	I love Defalco's.  I hate Defalco's.  The food is always fresh and I'm never disappointed.  The big problem is that the service is so slow.  It's  great that they have a market for you to look around while you are waiting for your food.  I know I can get quality tasting food but I have to here when I know I'm not in a rush to be somewhere.
4	Love their food. Egg plant permesan was awesome and pizza is great too. It's a great place to pick up food if you don't feel like cooking for dinner.
5	DeFalco's has been slowly perfecting their pizza recipe for the last couple of years, and I can now say that their crust is one of my favorites in the Valley. I highly recommend trying one of their pizzas with the sweet Italian sausage. Heavenly.
4	If you're craving some good italian deli food, this is the best around. It's got an extensive menu from pizzas to deli sandwiches. It also has Italian groceries where u can pick up some great quality meats. I always order their hot sandwiches  like the meatball or Philly cheese steak. The portions and price are just right at about 6" and $5. The only knock I have is the wait time can be a bit long if you can't afford a long lunch at work.
4	Defalco's is amazingly delicious. The trick to getting your lunch in a timely fashion is to call ahead. It's usually ready in about fifteen minutes and you get to skip the line (as pickups are a separate cashier).The cheesesteaks are phenomenally sinful, whether you go with the beef or the chicken. I try to eat healthily, but even I will admit weakness when faced with Defalco's. I'd like to see you resist once you have tasted their heavenly precursor to a heart attack, err, cheesesteak.Also, don't skip dessert. The cannoli is epic.If you want to eat in, there are tables along the windows. The grocery also has a good selection of Italian dry goods if you want to do something crazy like cook at home.
4	YUMMY!Quality and Simplicity are what make great Italian Food, they have those two important factors down!Their sandwiches are delicious! The meats they have are par to non int the city. One of my favorite sandwiches is the 'Capacollo , Hard Salami & Provolone' on their outrageously wonderful white italian sub roll! I usually go for wheat, but I make the exception here, it is worth it!! They are also a great Italian grocer for all your Italian, fresh pasta, pizza dough, wine, italian goods, etc...The prices are reasonable and you won't be disappointed! This is truly a little Italian gem in the desert. and very casual and low key, but delicious!I highly recommend Defalco's!P.S The wait wait can sometimes be long, but it is worth it! If you are in a hurry, CALL AHEAD!
1	"I've been going here for 3 years and it was incredible. I don't know if there have been changes or not, but lately delfalcos has really been going down hill, un-eatable food. My sandwich taste like its been sitting in circle k for weeks. Get better, you've lost a loyal customer.
5	Great sandwiches...but, the Mac & Cheese is to die for...order a bowl to split with someone as side to your sandwich
3	This is my 3rd time (I think) coming to DeFalco's. The first time I went with my husband for lunch. We both got salads, which were huge. I didnt even finish half of mine. They both were good. My husband loved his. I couldnt finish mine and it was pretty good.. probably get 4 stars that time. This time when I arrived 11/2011This time, I was irritated, because I got a sandwich and it was OK not to great and not something I would ever order again. The reason I am writing is the guy behind the counter seemed shady. He seemed like he was doing something he shouldnt. When he rang me up, he acted very weird and I didnt get it. When I got back to my office, I found out that the sandwich looked half made and there were no utensils or napkins. The whole feel was weird. I am not sure what was going on, but felt like he just threw the food in unmade and non tasty. I will give them another chance and still give them 3 stars, due to the first time, having good salads.
4	I typically employ a "generalist" strategy when eating out, trying something new each time, unlike my husband the "specialist' who will find one thing he likes and never waver. Defalco's meatball sub forces me to break my pattern. It's so good I've never tried anything else here! Last Valentine's day, we celebrated the weekend before and on our way to our outside-of-town date activities, we stopped by Defalco's for meatball subs! Red meat, cheese and tomato sauce spells romance for me apparently. You can eat-in amid the grocery shelves, but we generally take it to-go.
5	Usually when I read all these great reviews, my dreams, hopes, mouth, tummy, appetite and foodgasm get crushed with disappointment. I came here for the cheesesteak. Don't call it a Philly cheesesteak like I did. The sandwich comes plain with meat and cheese, but upon request they will add grilled peppers onions and mushrooms. Just the right amount too, unlike other places that will try to use the veggies as fillers. I ordered two full sized sandwiches for my wifey and I, waited ten minutes, drove home and looked at them for a while....they didn't look anything special.First bite OH MAN! Kaching, Jackpot, WOOT WOOT. SIrens and Alarms went off!I have never been to Philly to try an OPS (kinda like OG, but stands for Original Philly Cheesesteak) and I have no desire to go to Philly either. If I ever have the urge for a great cheesesteak, good bye Corleone's and shitty US Airways Center overpriced soggy bread with morsels of imitation meat and cold hardened cheese, I will come to Defalco's. It helps having a close place by though.PS:You can make two meals out of one sandwich unless your a fatzo like me or starving.Call ahead and just pick it up if you don't want to wait ten minutes, or plan on not eating here.I'm a big D man (work and live in Dallas/live in Scottsdale), wore my Dallas Mavericks shirt and the guy wanted to charge me twice for that.The line for ordering is in the back, don't stand around for five minutes at the front line where people order coffee and other hot beverages.
4	MMMMMMMM, sausage, peppers and onions!Finally made it here for lunch - had been planning on checking the place out for a long time, but rarely get to that part of town.Fantastic Mr. It's Complicated recently bought a car at one of the McDowell dealerships, and was bringing it in for service. I met him there, and we went off in search of food. Happily, he was in the mood for a sandwich (and a beer!), so he was agreeable to checking out Defalco's.I loved my sandwich! Fresh, chewy bread, flavorful sausage and red sauce - it was a comfort food happy place for me! My dining partner was not quite as thrilled - while the flavor of his cheesesteak was spot on, we both felt the texture was too mushy.We did have fun checking out the grocery products - and have some inspirations for meals to make together in the future. So we'll be back - for shopping and a sandwich!
2	This was my second time this week to experience DeFalco's. To say I was underwhelmed both times would be an understatement.The first time was when we ordered pizza for friends that were coming over for the evening. Our friends were excited because DeFalco's was a place they had heard really great things about and couldn't wait to try their food. the pizza though was just so-so. The sausage and pepperoni one was better than the vegetarian one because the meat added some flavor to the whole thing but the veggie one was bland. No one was impressed...My dad has been going here for years though and he said their sandwiches are what they are famous for so I forgave the sub-par pizza and tonight we decided to see what all the hoopla was about. I'm sorry that we did...1. I don't have a problem with surly restaurant employees... I was a surly barista for years but I have a problem with rude asshole workers. My husband and I walked up to the counter and this guy turns and complains to his co-worker about all the people coming in. Really dude??? People buying food here is what keeps you employed! He then bitches again about the same thing as I am attempting to order. AND he won't even acknowledge that I am the one ordering and will only make eye contact with my husband. Like I wasn't there. 2. My husband ordered the Greek Veggie Sandwich. We got home with the sandwich and as he was checking it out he notices that it has only one piece of feta on the whole 12 inch sandwich. And one cherry tomato on each sandwich half. The rest of it is just cucumber and onions. That's it. So he was essentially given a cucumber sandwich. Lame.3. My dad and I split a whole Combo sandwich. It was okay. Not great. I've had better sub sandwiches.  My dad says that the sandwiches were not like he remembered in the past and that this time they really seemed to skimp on the meat. In the past he and his girlfriend had split the same sandwich and it was almost too much for them both. That was not the case tonight. The only positive thing I have to say is that one of the people with us got a tuna sandwich and they said it was really great. She also thinks Top Ramon is good though so take her review as you wish.Sorry to say that I don't think I will visiting this establishment again. And my friends that wanted to try the sandwiches... I'll be encouraging them not to bother.
5	I love this place. The crew is fun to chat with and pick on just a little. The foods are wonderful, and how can you not love a place with a case of beautiful, delicious meats?
3	Favorite sandwich shop in Scottsdale! They always have Fresh bread, meats, and toppings! The wait can be quite long at times and there is always a long line around lunch time. The wait staff is not always the friendliest and sometimes won't acknowledge you're waiting at the counter until they're finished working on what they were doing before you walked in (cutting meat, filling the cooler, etc..).
5	Wow, outstanding.Had the eggplant parm sandwich - (half - it was a HUGE half), and it was SO delicious.  The cheese was melted just perfectly.My boyfriend had the Il Purista - w/o the meat since I'm a vegetarian so we could share - so fresh and so tasty.We also shared the artichoke salad, and gorgonzola stuffed green olives. .... Amazing.I can't wait to go back - like, maybe for a second lunch in 30 minutes.
5	Best cheesesteaks in town hands down
5	I Love this place. It is by far the best Italian deli in AZ. I have been here numerous times and never once have I had a bad experience. The guys who work there are always very nice and helpful. They have lots of food  and beverage options!I recommend the caprese salad and any of their sandwiches. SO delicious The only down side is that when they are busy, the line long can also mean a long wait before you actually get your food.
4	If you're looking for 'authentic' Italian food this is the place. The guys behind the counter had that deep Italian twang to their voice that you see in the movies! The building is an Italian Grocery with imported (albeit expensive - - 5.29 for the box of crackers I saw, they must be basted with Olive Oil by Mama Celeste!) foods everywhere.You order from a little counter in the back, and you can choose from pizzas, pastas, and sandwiches among other things. I had half a grilled portobello sandwich, and half of the Cappacolo and Provolone. The portobello was meaty and came with a thick red pepper covered in their homemade pesto. The Cappacolo was the star of the meal, however. Thin slices stacked high with some of the best tomatoes I've ever had in Arizona. It's pretty inexpensive too, spending more than 10 bucks a person would leave you with a belly bursting.
5	I am not a fan of chicken (I know, weird), but Defalco's has one of the best sandwiches I have ever had in my life- the chicken cheesesteak sandwich is to die for! I was shocked at how much I loved it. It is extra cheesy and the bread is incredible! Do yourself a favor and order it asap.
5	Seriously the best deli in Arizona! The sandwiches are made with quality ingredients. The prices are reasonable. I go out of my way to get a sandwich from this place. Its a must try...you will be hooked!!
4	Great Italian deli....I love the hot sandwiches. Pizza is good too
4	Living n the FAR West Valley means that I only get on this side of town once or twice a year. We stopped in after picking up my nephew from the airport because I wanted to see if they had John's Ravioli CO Inc products in the market area. They did and I was so happy that I bought 2 packages of the meat ravioli's . Near I-17 there are two stores that carry  them but they are old inventory all the time and always freezer-burnt. These were not and we cooked them up and ate them with my famous Alfredo sauce-YUM!We will be back for more ravioli's and for the sandwiches too :)
3	When I first moved to AZ, this was the first place I felled in love with but it has been 5 years now and I finally made it back (after several visits back in the day).Today I had a sweet and sour experience.I was craving the lasagna but I'm trying to keep the diet so I ordered the soup of the day (minestrone) and a pasta side (penne with tomato sauce).The soup was superb (that's why it didn't get 2 stars). The focaccia that came with the soup was pretty decent and the ice tea (green tea) was pretty tasteful.But the side pasta was totally forgettable. The sauce was pretty lame.And the worst, I got Parmesan cheese for the pasta and I poured a little bit on top. It was like talk but that didn't bother me. However all of the sudden I started getting this weird smell. The cheese was stinky. Not like in a delish stinky French cheese, more like in a Whoeverbertos-sh@#hole-cleaning-table-cloth stinky. It reeked. Fortunately I didn't pour much so I was able to manage to eat the pasta but it was bad.I didn't even bother to tell them since I was so upset. Anyways, I'll go back for sure because the several other times I really enjoyed this place, but this was a bad experience. Plus $ 11 for soup and side pasta is not like super cheap.My advise: Smell the cheese before pouring it in your food!One more thing. The spoon was super old and bend :(
4	Great place for lunch!  Their menu is huge, there is so much to choose from. Sandwiches, pasta salads, salads, etc. Their grilled cheese is amazing.Only criticism is that they need more seating!
5	Absolutely love this place, have never had a bad experience & i've ate here countless times.  Typically I will get the chicken parmgsean sandwich, the bread is soft & thick, chicken is freshly cooked & taste perfect.  I have also had pizza & calzones here & both are absolutely awesome.  Everything in here is italian & fresh, very homely feeling.  This place is always packed & it takes them a little bit of time to bring your food out but it is worth the wait because you can tell it is cooked when you order it.  Would never turn down going to lunch at Defalco's!
5	I have never had any pizza, ceasar salad, or chicken parmesian as good as at Defalco's. Somebody once told me, "quality takes time" well let me tell you waiting an extra few minutes or so for this delicious meal was WAY worth it. The quality this place puts out is like nowhere else I've ever eaten, no other place that outshines it, can't wait to go back!
1	Very disappointed for my first and last time coming here. The Spanish gentleman who took my order for 3 Philly cheesesteaks could not comprehend what cheese wiz was and just kept saying American. Then he took "everything with provolone" as a cheesesteak with all of their cheeses on it, lol. So after a 5 min long ordering process for 3 philly cheesesteaks speaking like a child to this guy due to his lack of english skills he finally got it right. I'm born and raised in Philadelphia so I know how to order a cheesesteak. As I sat and waited for my order, another gentleman came in and walked to the take out pick up counter in the front and asked the tall, thin, around 55 or so man working (he said he was one of the managers) if he could order one Philly cheesesteak, and the counter guy just pointed at the back and said "you can't get a Philly cheesesteak but you can get a Phoenix cheesesteak." The guy trying to order was all confused and said I guess and proceeded to the back as the guy working the counter continued to say that he didn't want their sandwiches affiliated with Philadelphia cause its a horrible place with horrible people. So I kind of laughed and asked, wow, did you have a negative experience there or something. And he just said its a horrible place to go, and he feels bad for people who live in that "hell hole." At this point I was getting offended and said hey man not all parts of Philly are bad, I'm born and raised there as well as my whole family and we turned out ok and love where we are from. He then told me I didn't know what I was talking about and that he wasn't changing his mind because it was the truth. I then realized his ignorant personality was not going to at least be open and talk like a normal person, so I called him an ignorant "you know what" and laughed at him for how bitter he was and said he should try shutting his mouth with his ignorant opinions openly in a deli that attracts many east coasters, perhaps others from Philly as well or others with family from that area. Thankfully, I did not think the cheesesteak was that good at all! Corleone's is much better for a cheesesteak so if your trying to get the authentic experience for a True Philly Cheesesteak, don't go here where they apparently hate Philadelphians anyways... There is no excuse for ignorant management. Not even an apology from his narrow minded self because he said out loud in front of a few people that everyone has the right to their own opinions. Now his opinions and sub par at best cheesesteaks are a reason I will trash talk this place to everyone I associate with here in the valley.
4	I feel strangely guilty that I am "cheating" on the love of my life, Panozzo's in Chicago, but here it is: I love Defalco's. I have tried only a couple of things here, but the main goal for me was that the equivalent of the Prosciutto and Fresh Mozz sammy at Panozzo's is delicious, and it is. At Defalco's, it's called the "Il Purista," and it has - in addition to the two main components listed above - fresh basil, roasted red peppers, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, and tomatoes. It is served on deliciously crusty but also soft-on-the-inside bread, and it's less expensive than you would think for such high-quality, fresh ingredients. My husband also loved the chicken parmesan sandwich and the cheesesteak sandwich. I have yet to determine if they make fresh pizza dough, pesto, and pasta, hence the 4 rather than 5 stars. I will most definitely be back.
5	I think this is my new favorite place...brings back so many memories of delicious, home cooked meals on the East Coast!  I ordered the jumbo stuffed shells and it came with a side salad and garlic bread, an Orangina and a cannoli.  I could not have been happier with my choices...yummy!  I am excited to head back here and pick up items for a picnic.  So many great choices of meats, cheeses, salads, desserts etc.  Friendly staff too!
5	I feel pretty lucky to have found this place. As a recent Chicago transplant I had low expectations but must say this place does it right. Huge menu, lots of great choices.I have only had a few of the sandwiches so far and they have both been delicious. The cheesesteak and the chicken parm.Can't wait to go back and try more! If they start baking porchetta I might move in.
5	My family has been loyal to DeFalco's since its Phoenix inception back in 1972.  For me, this is home away from home.  Stepping in to DeFalco's takes me back to the days where we'd spend all day in Grandma's kitchen preparing for Sunday family dinner.  Preparing everything from homemade sauce, meatballs, chicken parmesan, and almond biscotti to name a few. DeFalco's offers an extensive menu (both for takeout and dine-in), and although I venture here 2-3 times per week I remain loyal to a few selections on their menu.  If you are feeling like a sandwich I urge you to order the homemade Meatball Sandwich on the crispy baguette - or - if you're feeling like chicken then I must recommend you try the Chicken Pesto Sandwich (again, on the crispy baguette).  I'm a hot/toasted sandwich type of girl so I can't speak for the cold sandwiches, but I can assure you won't be disappointed with any selection given that all their breads are delivered fresh daily, meats and cheeses are sliced to order in house, and their toppings are fresh to boot!  To complete my go-to list I also recommend trying the Chicken Pesto Salad and a few side salads including the tuna pasta salad (BEST EVER), the chicken caesar pasta salad, pesto pasta salad, and....the tomato and basil salad (of course you must drizzle a little evoo and balsamic to make it truly Italian). They also offer many pasta dishes, pizza/calzones, soups & sides, salads and desserts, oh my, and nothing will leave you disappointed or starving for more since their portions are generous in size (it's an Italian thing)!!  And not only does DeFalco's do Italian favorites just right, but their store is also stocked with Italian specialty foods for purchase (hint grocery in the name), and many wonderful and rare wine selections only to be found in their store.  My Sunday dinner now belongs to DeFalco's as it makes me feel like I'm back at Grandma's place.  Heck, you can sip on some vino while you await your lunch or dinner to be served in the dining room or outside on the terrace!  And although this beloved establishment resides in Scottsdale, please remember to check your pretentiousness at the door because this place is loved for its traditions and laid back people.
4	Great little deli dine in martket.  I come here for a sandwhich or sub that's truly unique.  Yea you can hit up subway but ewwww!!!!  This place serves up some mouth watering examples of a proscuitto sub or eggplant parm that are STELLAR!!!  If you're a kitchen pro or a mad scientist their choice of ingredients in the market are inspiring for the next set of recipes!  Though the hours are a bit brief whenever you can catch this place open you'll be more than happy that you did.  Always a great suggestion for first timers and I'll definately be back for more!
5	Love the food here! They need to get a bigger location and I would go more often.
4	Call it in a head of time. There's always a line and its not fast service by any means. Inside is kind of cramped and outside seating is very limited. Customer service is not where they excel, but I've gotten over it. Getting in and out of the parking lot is always entertaining but well worth all the hassle. They have a lot of different pasta salads in their deli case that you can get by the pound, perfect to go along with your sandwich and so far all that I've tried have been delicious.
4	I'll make it simple.  Come for the food, and stay to shop.  Or, come here to shop, and stay for the food!  Either way, you cannot go wrong!Their home made Italian sausage sandwich is $6.85 and deliecious; while their equally yummy Chicken Parmigiana sandwich is $7.50. Both are great!  But if you come, stay & shop in their imported Italian foods section. Their meats & cold cuts are outstanding!!! Try the Capicolla at the deli counter.  It costs only $8.00 for a pound and is much better than the Boars Head brand.  They also have a decent wine selection of Barolos and Chiantis, though a bit pricier than Total Wine or BevMov.We came here to pickup some Italian delicacies recently and stayed for lunch and glad we did!Enjoy!
4	I haven't bought anything from the grocery yet, but the food has always been reliable.  The sandwiches, in particular, are so good!  And the next time we have a party, I will definitely have to go back for the pasta salads, cheeses, and other deli items because they all looked amazing!
5	This place is the best Italian grocery and deli I have found in Scottsdale. Not only are the sandwiches excellent, the antipasti salads are spectacular. I have also purchased some of the cured meats they sell, yum. What more could I say.
5	Awesome place. Had the "purist" sandwich. Ingredients were super fresh. Flavors were all in balance. No overloading of basil or peppers. And LOVED seeing that they had local wines for sale - caduceus and merkin.
5	Defalcos is great, I had the chicken Alfredo and my lunch date had the cheese steak sandwich. Both were absolutely wonderful! I had no problem with the wait because I knew that the food would be worth it, as I read from other people's reviews. The service was friendly, and it had a real down to earth atmosphere :)
5	What a great authentic Italian spot. Get groceries, fresh made pasta, or have a sandwich. I go here mostly for the sandwiches, which are the best in town. The meatball sandwich is excellent, but I like to make my own Italian combo sandwich which is superb every time.
5	Defalco's is half sandwich place, half italian grocery, full on tasty tasty italian flavor.I took an Arizona native here because he had never heard of it before (gasp!) even thought I believe it has several locations over Tempe-Scottsdale area. The guy at the counter suggested I try any of the hot sandwiches as they, in his opinion, have more flavor than the cold ones.I ordered a full (also available in half, but really who would ever do that) sub with sausage and peppers. The sausage is made in-house and tasted super fresh. The peppers and onions are soft and well-cooked and the toppings are swimming in a sea of marinara sauce (which is also made in house). Now the real challenge is eating it. Or, eating it without looking like a murder victim in a crime scene. I had marinara sauce in my elbows, ears, nose and any available crevice you can think of get your mind out of the gutter already). Everything came piping hot and it was incredibly filling at around $7. Score.Now on my way out I made the horrible (cough wonderful) mistake of passing by their dessert display and purchased a giant piece of caramel topped NY cheesecake (to go). I was like "Oh ill put it in the fridge and we can all share it tomorrow or something". Lies. When they all left to watch a movie (~3hrs later) I took a fork and starting nomming the creamy, thick, delicious cheesecake from Defalcos. "I'll never finish it" I thought. 30 minutes later I was starring at an empty piece of Styrofoam, with the guilt of the world on my shoulders. Damn was that cheesecake good, but I had a lot of explaining to do when the boys came home.Whatever. It was worth it.
4	Great food.amazing meatballs. Awesome portions for the price. Service left something to be desired
5	Great little deli with fresh meats and bread. Reasonable pricing with a nice quiet dining area. Does take a while but it just makes the food taste better!
5	Food is great! I usually order a pasta or sandwich and have tried the pizza. The pizza is not as good as the pasta though. Also they sell pizza dough and have used there dough to make pizza at home! Easy to order and casual atmosphere is my type of place when looking for a quick lunch or dinner. I've never done any shopping here but have been tempted to buy some wine. I highly recommend this place if you want a sandwich or some really good pasta.
5	Defalco's Italian Grocery has the best of the best! As fresh as it gets, straight from the deli. I've been to a lot of Italian delis, bakeries, restaurants, and this by far tops my list. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. When I asked the cashier what he thought would be good, he said to me "you can throw a dart on the board and be happy" and he wasn't kidding. After you're done eating, pick something up from the deli to take home for dinner. Ricotta, Mozzarella, Salami, Pizza Dough, Tomato Sauce, Raviolis, you name it, they probably have it. I just wish it was closer to home, so I can go everyday.
3	I am from Philly and know about cheesesteaks. I had one today, and was disappointed. They're usually tender and flavorful, but this was tough and chewy. My husband had a chicken cheesesteak and loved it. The meatballs were bland too (the kid's lunch). Last time we were here it was better. We'll try it again. Maybe it was an off day. It's not a bargain though, so I'd expect a bit better.
2	Service is really slow. It took them 20-30 minutes just to take my order, and I was standing right by the register for to-go orders. They acknowledged me, but couldn't send anyone to help me. I ordered a whole cheese steak and a whole meatball sub expecting two giant sandwiches but seemed to get 2 separate half sandwiches each at around 4 inches long. You could tell they made them separately since the meat tapered at both ends of each piece. I was seriously disappointed at the size of these sandwiches for the price. I can't imagine spending $5 for one of these half sandwiches. They weren't even that stuffed full and the baguette wasn't very crisp, bordering on slightly stale. The take out box they gave me looked almost half empty with the sandwiches in there too.The flavor of the meat  wasn't too bad though. The mushrooms were nice and the cheese sauce was really good too. It actually reminded me a lot of  the Uncle Sam's that used to be by my house. Better quality here, but I feel like I enjoyed the Uncle Sam's cheese steak more.The meatball sub wasn't anything special to me either.Not sure I'd ever really come back.
4	Great selection of sandwiches and deli salads. Some friends of mine go here every Friday and I joined them while in town once. It reminds me of the sandwich shop Fontanos in Chicago. Anyway, my sandwich was good, had turkey on a baguette and think I may have enjoyed something else better but still liked it. Also had their tortellini pasta salad which was awesome. Loved the outdoor patio and although we didn't get any beers, they have a great selection of those too. Very friendly people working there and looks like some interesting/authentic Italian food in the grocery area.
3	Fantastic Italian subs! Just like back in Jersey...So much meat, it's like the opposite of all the other sub chains. Why do they have to be so far from home?
3	*Im so excited! And I just can't hide it, Im about to lose control and I think I like it!!!*This was the song I was singing as we were walking into this place to have dinner! I was honestly super duper excited to try this place after I read all of my fellow yelper's reviews! This place is odd but in a cool way, it's a grocery store and a small restaurant. The store offers a variety of Italian food/ingredients along with random tables set around the store, so if you choose to stay and eat you can literally have a seat anywhere.I was looking forward to a known Italian dish, the chicken parmesan and my friend ordered the baked ziti. It does take a little while for your food to come out, but because this was my first time here I had no problem looking around through the store and enjoying observing people (I like to people watch) as we waited. We ordered the meals so we received our main dish along with salad and Italian bread. The salad was small, basic and simple nothing really exciting there; the Italian bread was crispy and had a lot of flavor to it, for they seasoned it well. Now unfortunately when it came to my dish of chicken parmesan I was quite disappointed! The chicken was super dry and the sauce was really watery! Because of the sauce being so watery the whole meal lost A TON of flavor. When you have thick marinara sauce that covers the pasta and the chicken you get an abundance of flavor from the sauce, spices, chicken and noodles. I was really hoping for some authentic mouth watering chicken parm and my tummy was sad to get....... a mediocre dish. When I tasted it I immediately thought.... we should have gone to Olive Garden for their chicken parm! Now on the other hand I was able to have a few bites of my friend's baked ziti and that was to die for! The noodles were cooked perfectly, the sauce, the meat, the spices, the cheese.... mmmmmmm everything in the baked ziti was delicious! So many flavors, so thick and creamy, I wanted to trade my chicken parm in for an order of baked ziti!I have mixed feelings about this place from not liking my meal to enjoying my friend's meal! I may go back and try other things on their menu just to give it another whirl, but I will be going somewhere else when I am on a chicken parm kick!
5	If it's your first time at Defalco's, then you must order the cheesesteak!!! Best sandwich on the menu, although everything on the menu seems to be the best.  Pizzas are crazy fresh and delicious. Try a cannoli for dessert!  Defalco's needs to be open late night...seriously!
4	I've been here at least 5 times and I'm always satisfied. Its put together differently inside.. half grocery store half restaurant, but its cool and different than the conventional lobby of a restaurant. And truth be told actually makes you more likely to talk with other people while your there, something that's been missing these days. So the food is made fresh to order, and with that some things take more time than others to get.. but isn't that a good problem to have? The only actual problem I see is that when someone comes in super excited with really big hopes because Defalco's has such a great rating they tend to get disappointed by the little things that usually wouldn't disappoint them... because their expecting the best food ever.. but its not the best ever. Now dont get me wrong I can literally eat there every day and always be happy and stuffed, but your always gonna have a better pasta at a pasta place or pizza at a pizza place. Its that thing that hurts... their blessing can be a curse
3	I only go here for the fresh salads. The macaroni, chicken Caesar and seafood pasta salad are all excellent. I find the marinara sauce on the pasta to be very bland and the sandwiches take forever to be made. I shouldn't have to sit at a table to wait for a sandwich in a DELI. But like I said I love the salads
4	Love this place! Best deli in phoenix!
5	This is possibly my favorite food in Arizona. I moved here from New York 6 years ago and I remember I was searching for good Italian food for a few years and never did I find something that came close to the food from back in NY. I finally found DeFalco's through Yelp and gave it a try. DAMN was I blown away! Everything I've ever tried here has been amazingly delicious. My favorite is the Chicken Parm sandwich on a baguette. They also have Boars Head meat so their deli sandwiches are awesome as well. If you don't want to wait, call ahead and place your order, and then by the time you get there it's done! Other incredible items: Philly Cheese Steak, Cheese Calzone, Pizza, Ravioli, turkey sandwich... I can go onnnn and onnnn!
5	Love this place!  Have passed it many times and wondered...is a market?  Is it a restaurant?  Was happy to find out it's a bit of both. They have a menu of delicious sounding  sandwiches, salads, pizza, pasta...it was hard to chose.  Can't wait to go back!
3	Dine-In : 3 starsTake-out : 4 starsOverall it would be about a 3.5 starsThis is an italian grocery and restaurant which is pretty neat. The sandwiches are usually very good and they have killer focaccia bread.  I would definitely call in your order to go instead of eating in.  When we were ordering at the counter it was hard to communicate with the guy at the register because the other employees were asking him questions in spanish and interrupting.  Not sure why they couldn't wait till he wasn't in the middle of taking an order. I wound up getting mustard on my egg sale sandwich somehow because of it and it wasn't as good as usual. The food also seems to come out in a random order I got an egg salad sandwich and my friend got a ham deli sandwich and he got his about 15 minutes before I did.  The times I have gotten takeout from here it has gone much better so I'll just stick with that.Try - focaccia bread on any sandwich- egg salad
4	Casual atmosphere and plenty of deli food.  We ordered the meat & sausage sandwich and they forget the sausage.  It was no problem with a quick addition.  Also ordered the chicken pesto sandwich.  Yum!  Tasty food that's consistent.
3	First off, I need to give credit to the great counterguy who made my first visit here very nice. There was a big line to order as i entered, so i decided to grab a menu and call something in, but the counterguy just took my order at the front pick-up counter instead and 15 minutes later I was out the door with my chicken parmesan dinner order valued at about 11 bucks. The small salad had alot of tomato wedges, a few purple onion rings and some romaine lettuce - nothing memorable, but the garlic bread was quite good.     I have a long history of eating chicken parm and it is just about my fav dish, but this wasn't a great version, in fact it was unusual to a point that it reminded me of a dinner you would get from a college pizzeria. The chicken was sliced and barely breaded and the sauce really didn't have any taste (needed oregeno or garlic or something). If your making chicken parm, you take a breast of chicken, bread it, fry it and then you serve it to me. Never has the chicken been pre-sliced before - totally not authentic. For me, it's about the crunchy breading. The pasta in the dish was good, but overall it also needed more mozzarella cheese as well.      Will likely return to try something else and the pizza looked good, but skip the chicken parm if you value tradition.
4	Wow! What an amazing find! Sadly, i have to give my best friend and Scottsdale resident full credit, but still...wow! I will now make a point to visit this place at least once when I visit. I ordered the Il Purista sandwich...yum.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the staff was not very friendly...to the point it would have been nicer to order take-out. Oh well, their patio was lovely.
1	Worst experience ever from this great place! Body builder about 35 behind the counter, lost our order after 35 minutes, asked when our order would be ready. Got major attitude! asked for our money back, he wanted the receipt after just taking the order 45 minutes before and loosing our order. where did the nice guys go?
5	I have had nothing but great experiences here, and we come at least once a month.  We've found the grocery/deli items to be failry-priced and delicious.  The food is top-notch--we take all of our out-of-town friends/family here and they are ecstatic.  Meatballs are phenomenal and salads are out of this world.  Their "imported from NY" cheesecakes make you want to cry with joy.  I have never eaten a better cannoli--and that's no lie.  I have read the complaints about service, but it's a deli--not a full-serve restaurant.  I find their food and offerings on-par with New York.  I would actually say their service is better than NY--maybe a bit of attitude here (if you want to bring one as well) but not even CLOSE to something you'd find in Brooklyn or Queens.  We've tried a lot of Italian places here in the Valley and this is our top pick.  If you don't go there expecting royal treatment you will be nothing but happy!
5	Good pizza and subs
5	Best place in my neighborhood!  Good food for a fair price; love the value.
5	If you haven't been here you need to go there now. It is a great Italian restaurants which great food and cheap prices.
3	REVIEW 600!!!   YES!!!!!!!!  HOORAY FOR ME!!!I swear I have eaten here before, but not in AGES.  I came here last night because I was on this side of town, and it brought back a few memories of years past when I first moved here.For starters, this place is cute, and has a lot going for them.  Set up as part grocery, part restaurant, its in a strip mall on Scottsdale road near Thomas.  Hours are great, and menu is large with great pricing.  I love a good menu! You can basically get just about anything you want done your way here, and the food is pretty good.For starters, the wait was a bit longer then I had anticipated, and I thought it would have moved a lot quicker considering I was here at 8:30 on a Wednesday night. There was hardly anyone in here!  I thought it was just an off night, but after reading other reviews, I guess their a little slow on service.  I don't mean to sound impatient, but the wait did seem long and I was quite hungry.Secondly, the grocery store was well stocked, but some of the shelving seemed a bit tired. I was sitting there waiting for my food and noticed that some of the shelves with heavier cans on them were starting to buckle and warp.  Maybe it's time to upgrade?  Nothing is perfect, but it kind of made me feel tired after I sat there staring off at random things in the place while waiting for my food.On a more positive note, the food is delicious!  You can get anything you want made up any way you like.  I went with a half tuna sandwich and I couldn't finish the darned thing!  Great awesome pricing with a large menu and a great concept here.Also, while I was here waiting, I overheard a customer talking with one of the staff members. I guess Guy Fieri stopped in here recently for Diners, drive ins and dives.  I also saw a huge poster of him on the wall by the customer pick up area.  10,000 bonus points for that!!!Overall, place is great, but I feel like they need to move a little quicker in the back with food preparation, and work on stepping up some of the grocery shelves to make it look less tired.  Great product selection not only in the grocery area, but menu as well.  Definitely worthwhile, just don't expect your food to quickly and be prepared to wait a bit...
5	CHECK OUT YOUR TAKE OUT ORDER BEFORE YOU LEAVE THE STORE!!!!!!!!We recently visited the store twice.  Food and service were great for the first time.  However, in our second visit, they forgot to give us the napoleon dessert we ordered, which is $4.99 a piece before tax.  We found out that after 10 miles of driving.  Called the store to ask for credit.  Nothing has happened, kind of expected, even though whoever answered the phone said will credit it back to us.  So while you think about how good their food is ....  Make sure you check out your take out order to prevent any surprises that you might experience later ........We weighted the two visits and give them 2 stars.EDIT:Anthony, the owner, was nice enough to get in contact with us and let us know of their policy.  DeFalco's has a policy where if something you ordered wasn't in your take out order they will automatically credit you back that purchase and give you that same item for free next time you visit; a credit one give one policy.  Good food and good service.
1	This place has gone way down hill lately!I've been going to DeFalco's for almost seven years and I can't say I'll ever go back after my recent experience...My friend and I stopped in on the afternoon of April 8th to get some food. From start to finish, the customer service was offensive. The man taking our order never made eye contact, never thanked us, and seemed to be more annoyed than anything.After about 20 minutes of waiting for our food, one of the servers came out to the patio where we were sitting and called out my number. Again, this guy seemed almost to the point of being openly angry with me for no apparent reason. He brought out my dish, slammed it down on the table along with my silverware, and stormed back inside.After five or so minutes of waiting for my friend's food, he went inside to ask for it. When he got inside he discovered his food had been sitting on the take out counter when he had in fact ordered it for dine in. When he checked it to make sure it was what he had ordered, he found that the order was not correct. When he asked to have it fixed, the manager on duty questioned him several times as if my friend was the one who had made the mistake. Again, this guy seemed angered by our presence. He proceeded to shout back at the cooks to fix the meal who then shouted back at him. A few minutes later, the same angry server brought our food out to the patio where I had been sitting and eating by myself.The only saving grace was that the food still tasted good. However, I will DEFINITELY NOT BE GOING BACK to this place as long as the customers get treated the way we were treated that day.
5	Defalcos is a small gem of a deli. Ill keep this short and sweet. Fresh pasta, meats, cheeses and more. Just.show up at lunch and realize the 30 min wait is because its fantastic food. If you are a cheesesteak fan, this is about as good as it gets.
4	Had a great Parmigiana sandwich and my friends also ate some chicken and other cold cut meat sandwiches.. great deli at great low prices!
4	An Italian grocery store & deli?!  I'm there!I love Sandwiches and this place delivers the goods!I like to get their whole sized Combo (Ham, Salami, Pepperoni, Mortadella & Provolone), $6.45.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/defalcos-italian-grocery-scottsdale?select=zL2VWCvEOdu7jYX2uf4FuA#zL2VWCvEOdu7jYX2uf4FuAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/defalcos-italian-grocery-scottsdale?select=uNGOYSIFrzvYbY-8niWGMg#uNGOYSIFrzvYbY-8niWGMgIt's very tasty and filling, however it's not an overwhelmingly large portion.The seating situation here can get dicey, especially around lunchtime.  There's not too many tables/seats inside and while there are a few located on the patio outside, it can get real hot there during the Summer months.Overall, it's a great Sammie and I always look forward to dining here.Return Factor - 87%
4	Other than an occasional excessive wait time the quality of product here is unmatched. Defalco's has the best grinders and cheese steaks around, plus they offer fine-dining quality pasta dishes to eat here or take with you. They also have a mini Italian grocery with a variety of meats, cheeses and olive oils.
5	Dear Yelpers.... thank you, thank you, thank you.  If it wasn't for you, I would have never found this hidden little gem.Food was amazing... and I'm super picky about my Italian.Service was fabulous and I just had an over-all wonderful experience here.Anytime I am in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area, I will be here again.
5	I'm in love! We ordered The "Centurion" pizza and lasagna - brought it all home, cracked open a bottle of Italian wine and oh.my.goodness.  The pizza was FANTASTIC and the lasagna wasn't too shabby either!  The store itself carries some unique items - imports - that I haven't seen at other specialty stores in the area.  Defalco's is absolutely worth a stop - check it out!
5	Ate there for the first time on a Thursday, went back on Friday! Big servings and amazing food & service... I have never been disappointed!!
5	I didn't post this review last week and was scrolling through my phone, saw the picture and remembered I still needed to write a review. So here it goes... Last week's lunch adventure was going to eat at DeFalco's in Scottsdale (fancy), actually when you walk in it really isn't that fancy.  It is a real authentic deli with a line out the door and people running out with food calling out names. We went around lunchtime so of course it was packed.  I ordered the spinach and cheese arancini (riceballs) and it was so good. It was the size of a baseball nestled in marinara sauce. It was perfectly fried and moist inside. I could not eat the whole thing, I had maybe 4 more bites left but I could feel the heart burn coming- it was my fault for not taking an acid reducer prior to going.   Apparently the food networks Guy Fieri was here filming diners, drive ins and dives so it has to be good right? The people are very friendly and service is quick even though they warn you it will take a while.  Once a table has cleared of customers, someone is out to clean it up within moments so they are always clean.Did I mention it is grocery store too?  You can buy gelato, different types of cheeses, bread and noodles in every single shape and size. Another plus, they have wine AND you can buy their premade pizza dough for $1.99 that is a steal in my opinion. I would love to come back and have some more food. But it would be wise to come alittle bit before the lunch rush.
3	i'm really torn about this review.  until about a month ago, i would have given 5 stars.  my husband and i have been going here since we were dating, and he was a frequent customer before that.  i fell in love with the eggplant parm sandwich and the selection of breads.  then i discovered the portabello sandwich, and began a torrid affair forsaking my eggplant parm.  my husband started ordering the chef salad and it looked so good that even though i think $10 is a ridiculous price for iceberg lettuce and cold cuts, i gave it a shot.  it was delicious!  they used actual cheddar cheese and there was so much salad!  the employees were pretty indifferent but they weren't rude.then about a month or so ago we noticed a change.  we usually call our orders in and pick them up.  it's never been a problem before but recently the guy that works the pickup counter seems to have a bit of an attitude.  he seems to feel that customers are an interruption to whatever else he is doing and he has no problem making comments (not directly to customers of course) to that effect.  he will even right out ignore customers if he is doing something else like slicing meat.  because looking up and saying, "i'll be with you in a minute" would just be asking too much.  four times we've gone to pick up orders, and four times we've come home and debated ever returning.now the food... as i mentioned $10 for a plain jane chef salad.  but it tastes good and there's a lot of it... or there was until tonight.  our salads were considerably small, there were fewer meat "wheels" and those were smaller made with less meat, less tomato and cucumber, and the orange cheese did not feel or taste like real cheddar.  american?  yuck.  overall the salad had a "funny" taste like it came from a bag and hadn't been properly rinsed before being served.  my husband couldn't even finish his and tossed it.
5	Had a chicken parm sandwich on wheat bread for lunch. It was quite delicious! My meal tasted very fresh, and the bread has to be made fresh in-house, it was very good. I will absolutely be going back - a half sandwich is a very reasonable price.
5	LOVE this place. It is my "go to" deli and grocery store when I need that special Italian item I cannot get anywhere else. Italian wedding cookies, cannolis, pizzelles and coffees. Great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli.
4	This place is pretty dang cool! It's right off Scottsdale Road (just before Oak). Part grocery store, part restaurant, part deli, this place has a lot to offer. I've eaten here a couple times and have enjoyed the food. They have Italian classics to sandwiches (and desserts!). So yummy!! The only criticism I have is that it is really small inside. I feel squished trying to pass through people in the aisles and the seating to eat is pretty tight too. Other than that, it's fantastico!
3	I came on a Sunday, there was really no one here, and it was my first time here, so I asked the person behind the counter, what's your specialty, what's good?  He said, "pb&j sandwich but its not on the menu."  I didn't know whether he was serious or just trying to be sarcastic, so I laughed took the higher road. He didn't really offer anything and his answer was a little rude - my friend said it was really rude.  I ended up having the sandwich combo and my friend had the meatball sandwich, neither was remarkable nor noteworthy, they were just average. So not sure what the big deal with this place is? I have to wait and watch triple d to see if they recommend something better.
5	Friendly service. It was quite an experience. I'll be back.
5	This place is FANTASTIC ! I just spent 5 day's in AZ. My father suggested Defalco's after we had been to a couple of places that were over priced, bad food, unfriendly staff's. Defalco's was 5 star on all of these . We ended up there every night while I was there. Hey guy' do Denver a favor and open a place up here! We are in desperate need of a place and people like you! Thanks for the great food and all around relaxing experience and as an "ex" pizza place owner myself terrific staff! What a find!
4	Loved my sandwhich and great service. Will definitely back when on this side of town!
5	Great sausage and pepper sandwich, reasonably priced.
5	I forgot how scrumptious this place was while I was on vacation going to spring training baseball games a few years back until the owner was making food on the food channel the other night....Unreal fresh food with large portions,super fresh giant calzone I powered down was the best ever. Lots of places in New York have great Italian food but you can tell each dish here is custom with just the right amount of seasoning and sauce.everything is custom.
5	Went in for lunch and split a Il Purista and a Calzone.FIrst off the Il Purista is as good a sandwich as I've had just about anywhere.  I'd come back for this alone and be quite happy to eat nothing else.When the calzone (the small one) arrived I grabbed the plate to put it on the table.  I kid you not the plate had to weigh close to five pounds!  Needless to say more than half the calzone came home.  As far as quality goes, it was good, possibly even great, but I'm actually more fond of ordering calzones (I think it has something to do with Seinfeld) than actually eating them.We got there just before the lunch rush.  Within 15 minutes of our arrival half of Scottsdale piled into the place.  Food is good but plan accordingly.
4	So, I fly in to Scottsdale to visit a friend and while I am waiting for her to get ready for dinner I am watching Diners, Drive-ins and Dives and featured on that episode was DeFalco's.  So naturally we decide karma dictates we eat there.  DeFalco's is a market/deli/restaurant and is pretty much set up like a deli with tables.  You order at the counter and then they bring your food out to you. We ordered the Centurion calzone, eggplant parm sub and the sausage with peppers and onions sub.  All three dishes were great. We washed all that food down with a really good bottle of reasonably priced wine.  Before leaving I went to the counter to grab a to go box and I saw the owner (I recognized him from the Triple D episode) and I spoke to him a bit.  He was a really cool guy and you could tell we was really passionate about serving good food and   proud of his families long standing business. Overall great place, great food and service to boot.  If you are in the mood for classic Italian comfort food in a laid back setting or something to bring back home, Deflaco's is your place.
5	If you want  authentic type Italian food, Defalco's can't be beat.  The sandwiches are amazing particularly the Il Purista -  prosciutto, fresh home made mozzarella, basil, roasted peppers and balsamic drizzle - Its the best sandwich I have had since I moved to Arizona...I grew up in Brooklyn NY - eating frequently in Little Italy and this restaurant comes so close to the vibe and taste of NY - that I call it 'home'.  The owners care about their customers and although it is always crowded and you may have to wait on line - it is WORTH every second.  I highly recommend Defalco's!!
4	Very good homemade sandwiches, salads and Italian delights. Good selection of wines to stay or go. A Scottsdale staple.
4	Great good, good price, casual small market atmosphere. Definitely a unique and worthwhile place in Scottsdale.
4	I have been back since my last review twice and I have to say I have been quite happy with my other food choices! I have not yet had the chicken parmesan again, for I like to try other dishes. The Baked Ziti and the Spaghetti and sausage were both quite delicious. My last review wasn't a bad review a 3 star is still pretty good, but I have to say I feel better now giving it a few more tries and upping my rating to 4 stars.
2	I have drove past this place for years and always wondered if it was great. We are from New York and KNOW good Italian food. Today, I was watching Drive In, Diners and Dives and saw Guy ranting over what a great Calzone they make, needless to say we headed there for dinner. I ordered the white pizza and a calzone...and this was a PEPSI establishment, I know that doesn't mean much to some but it does to others. Anyway, the pizza  was thin and crunchy which I like, and garnished pretty with lots of basil. The basil is what saved this pizza because it barely had any ricotta and not much flavor. I literally had 2 slices, my boyfriend had one, and we took the rest home, this is not usual. My boyfriend ordered a calzone, when it came out the bottom was completely burned, enough that scraping off the bottom wasn't enough because you can taste it through eat bite. I took his plate with the calzone upside down to the counter and asked if this looked burned to the guy at the counter who more or less shrugged his shoulders and asked us if we wanted them make another one. I just got our money back. I was not impressed, and would not recommend this place. There are other places in the valley with much better Italian food.
4	Il Purista Sandwich and small centurion calzoneYou could not ask for a better Italian deli in a major city like Scottsdale, AZ . When you step inside, you forget your in the dessert. Industrial racks stacked with pasta and canned tomatoes provide a cozy atmosphere that provide both a isle for the ordering line and dine -in area for patrons. We arrived just after 11 am on a Saturday and it wasn't too crowded at first. As you walk in you are warmly greeted and ushered through the ordering line. On your right you can order up a fresh cup of espresso or imported Italian beer. If you make your way to the left you come to the ordering counter where everything on the menu is displayed on the back wall. They have a glass case with fresh pasta, mozzarella, and cured meats on display.I immediately checked on Yelp to see what others had ordered and one in particular caught my eye (J P.) Great recommendation!Il Purista is a classic Italian Sandwich with your choice of Italian bread, fresh mozzarella, basil, tomatoes, roasted red peppers, and a generous portion of prosciutto. I wasn't blown away, but it did meet my standard of fresh ingredients and taste.The Centurion calzone was amazing! I'm a big pizza fan and this one had the WOW factor, served on a pizza pan with a side of marinara sauce with chunks of meatballs. The crust was perfectly baked, crispy on the outside with just the right amount of chewiness inside. Italian salami, mushrooms, peppers, and basil combined into a very warm and savory pocket of goodness.Recommendations: Definitely try the calzones, Pepsi fans will be extra delighted that the soda fountain is extra sweet. I actually refilled my small drink 3 times. Next time I might try some of there fresh pasta's.
5	It doesn't get more authentic than Defalco's. I come here for everything! Wine, homemade pizza ingredients, pasta, gelato and of course their sub sandwiches. My favorites are the Philly Cheesesteak (unreal, I don't know how they do it) the Purista and the Portobello mushroom sandwich.
4	The best cheese steak I've ever had.  Chopped thin rib eye, caramelized onions, a saucy and flavorful cheese melt - no mystery pieces, no fatty pieces, all meat seasoned perfectly on a delicious sub roll.  Eggplant parm hero - awesome thin breaded eggplant with just the right amount of sauce and cheese on a nice sub roll.  The Greek side salad had fresh cucumber, grape tomato, red onion and feta.  All this and they sell lovely Italian grocery items.   I will be returning very soon based upon my experience today.
5	Best cheese steaks I've ever had. The Spaghetti and meatballs are an amazing duo as well.Try the Pizza. Its Fantastic."But what about Philadelphia and New York?!?!" Shut up, homers. Go back and sniff your own pretentious farts.Finally, the chicken parm sandwich is out of this world. An ideal situation is to bring a friend and get one whole chicken parm and one cheese steak with everything, so you can get the best of both worlds. Every time I have someone in town, I force them to go to Defalco's, and I have never seen a disappointed face.
4	Very good hot sandwiches...  I especially like their Philly cheese steak and their Italian sausage sandwiches...
5	Been going here for years and it's the best Italian spot I know of in Arizona. Fresh homemade pastas to cook at home, pizza, sandwiches, deli, anti pasta, and all sorts of side salads. I've tried almost everything and it's all delicious. Everything is super fresh, and they'll make anything you want. It's always a tasty Italian experience with a great local business feel. Everybody I've brought here has a great experience as well.The only thing that is tough is it gets super busy at the popular times, so it's tough to get a seat if you want to eat there. Other than that I have no complaints.
5	The best Italian sausage!
2	I am still scratching my head, wondering why Guy Fieri liked this place so much. It was clean, the food was good, but so is Subway...sorry.
3	Steered away from the Italian food and went with the Boars Head Turkey and Provolone on a Seeded Roll. It was a foot long and only $6.95. Great value and good ingredients. This though is about the Boars Head turkey. Everything else can be found anywhere and I don't think they are baking the bread, but it is good lunch value. The macaroni salad side for 2 bucks had too much mayo and not enough veggies. Always a nice staff. Back to the Italian food next time.
4	Great Italian with out all the fluff. I will hit this place up again. Had baked ziti with sausage add meatball. In addition to to of their handmade salads. This place is a most for lunch hit it up but make sure you are hungry.
5	This place is THE best place for Italian Deli sandwiches in all of Phoenix (but located in Scottsdale) the bread is incredible! It's definitely an institution! Just GO!
1	burned the calzone.
5	Phenomenal food! The wait is a little long but it's totally worth :) fantastic people and environment!
3	I know I'm going to get slack for rating it 3 out of 5 stars, but I have my reasons. Came here on the 28th of July, cause we saw a rerun on the Food Networks' DDD. So had to try it out. It's in a decent location and could use an expansion. For just buying something to-go, it's great. If your going to dine in, it's a bit of a nightmare. The layout of this location is way to cluttered, they have one of the main doors locked to fit a shelf with products. Then you have all the traffic by the fountain drinks and not so good working soda machines' ice maker. The ice was getting stuck and you had people banging it to get the ice.Now! On to the food. We ordered a couple of calzones which were very good and alot bigger than we thought. The Gnocchi with Red Sauce is also very good. The pizza my daughters ordered wasn't that great, looked very unappetizing and very greasy. I honestly don't think there was any sauce on that pizza.This is for the owners! If your going to complain (as this shorter gentlemen was doing outside) about the extra traffic your getting from being featured on DDD, than don't do it. You should be happy you were on TV.
4	Best cheesesteak in town!
5	Ordered a chicken cheese steak sand and a portabella sand. So good went back the next day and ordered the beef cheese steak and YES the portabella sand. Will eat here with every future visit to Phoenix. Thanks DeFalcos
1	Fed up with the fake Italian Food this place offers. Ya'll are getting fooled big time in thinking this place has any resemblance to an Italian restaurant. One final attempt today was the Eggplant Parmesan Hero. Well the eggplant was a white color and there was no breading at all on that white eggplant. It was one of the worst versions of this classic I even seen and their chicken parm did equal injustice to that dish a few months back. Not sure what goes on in the back of the kitchen, but I can tell you that I didn't see any Italians back there if you get my drift. The seeded roll with mozzarella cheese became my $8 lunch. Not returning to this place and who the hell wants to wait 30 minutes for a takeout order? They just say that on the phone to give you the illusion that they are high and mighty, like a club with a line outside and no people inside. Uncle Sal's is real better up the street. Later Defalco.Ok...white eggplant does exist, but rare. Still doesn't belong in parmesan.
5	Best Philly in AZ & the pizza is awesome too.
4	I only come here for their ready-made pastas to go. My favorite is the chicken cesar pasta - Yummy! I suggest you call in your order because the wait times can be long.
2	They make everything to order and the ingredients are fresh, but I don't know if the food was sitting out for a while or if they don't cook it piping-hot, because most of the meal came out lukewarm.  The Italian beef with provolone was just ok, nothing special - maybe a tad better than the version served at Portillo's.  The Centurion calzone was tasty - I liked the mix of ingredients (mozzarella, roasted peppers, Kalamata olives, sopressata, basil, and tomato), but again, I wish that it came out a little hotter, with the cheese a little more melted.  The calzone is pretty large, and the leftovers tasted better heated up the next day.There are about 15 or so tables that fit 2-3 people each, and a line quickly forms during peak lunch hours.  It's hard for groups bigger than 3 people to really sit together, because most of the tables are small and seat only two.  You're also basically sitting and eating among grocery shelves.  I'd say that the marinara sauce was the best component of the meal, even though it (along with the sausages) also came out lukewarm.  But overall the food was not memorable or worth the drive.  And since I can buy San Marzano tomatoes at more and more places now, I don't think I will be coming back here.
5	I have never had a thing here that wasn't amazing. The wait for your food is totally worth it and acceptable with their quality.
5	The best Italian deli in the Phoenix metro area hands down.  Incredible value.
3	Why do I see dusty groceries at every "Italian deli"? I used to work for a very picky Sicilian man that ran a pizza restaurant and cleanliness was right next to food quality and freshness. This place has the same overpriced who knows how long they have been sitting canned stuff all the others have. And I find this not very appetizing. As for my sandwich, I would have liked a fresher loaf, the bread was dry, meat was good but ended up overly chewy and the "sub roll" overpowered the sandwich.
5	Quite possibly the best sandwich I've had in Scottsdale. The Capicola is incredible and their deli selection is second to none. I've even taken trips there to pick up fixings to make a pizza. They sell everything, even a large sack of fresh-made dough. I can't leave with just dough though, it's usually accompanied by kalamata olives, margherita pepperoni and a can of sauce. It's a blast to make their pizza at home but it's just as fun to browse the shelves while picking up the ingredients.
4	Really cool how they have tables thru out the store area - lots of great specialty foods and bread is great. Had a turkey and Swiss sub to go. Bread was excellent, turkey fresh, lettuce fine cut. Nice selection of ice tea. I will definitely stop in again and try other menu items.
4	We went to Defalco's after going to Italy, and were mostly looking for the Italian Lemon Soda that we had on our trip that we can't find back in the US. While they didn't have Lemon Soda, they did have delicious Italian food. It is order at the counter, and they have a few tables inside.
2	This place is seriously overrated.  Food is good, but not great.  I think something that bothers me the most is the attitude we got from the staff...as if we were an inconvenience. Yeah buddy, I hate when customers come into my restaurant and give me money too....  Anyways, you can get much better Italian elsewhere!
5	Authentic Italian, pizzas calzones and sandwiches are excellent but spirits a bit pricey.  Overall a great experience.
5	This place is authentic and awesome! Best Italian I've ever had. Large petition sizes. The calzones, meatball subs, and baked ziti were amazing!
4	Loved their portobello sandwich! The pizza is pretty good as well although not quite like a ny pizza :)
5	Believe the DDD hype. The calzone was perfect. Pizza was great. Service was some of the best and friendliest ever. They do not rest on their laurels. A must try.
4	Yummmm! Not a huge fan of their pasta dishes but they have tasty sandwiches. The inside is decorated with a cute little Italian grocery store with some great wines! Inside is kind of small but I always get Togo. Tip: Call ahead, usually takes about 15-20 minutes to have your order ready.
1	I am sitting here as I type this.  My wife, her parents and I were visiting from out of town and decided to drop by an "Italian deli" for lunch.  Firstly this place is closer to a deli you'd find on New York rather than one in Italy.  In line, I heard two people order fettuccine Alfredo for lunch... So, here's our order:  one prosciutto sandwich (one if the few Italian items on the menu),  one Italian sausage sandwich, one portobello sandwich and one cheese panini.  While I was ordering,  the cashier ( the owner) kept giving me an odd look...like "who do you think you ordering here?"  I also got a beer which was on display.  When I asked for it,  he didn't know what it was so I had to show him the bottle.  Also, the request to have a double espresso and tea made later seemed to give him and an associate all kinds of inconvenience.  Here's what we got:The prosciutto sandwich was good albeit a bit greasy.The Italian sausage sandwich was OK.The portobello sandwich NEVER arrived.  Instead we got another half of a sausage sandwich.  When I told this to the server, he said "If you want portobello I'll make you one."  No apologies no cares.   When it finally came out, it was bad.The cheese panini (which had bacon in it!) was nasty.When I went to ask for a knife,  the owner said that they should be out by the soda machine.  I informed him they were not.  He screamed for 'Ernesto to bring out the knives" and told me "the should be out soon, I THINK".  Also got first apology of the day.The espresso was atrocious.  It's beyond words how bad it is.   Really awful. Seriously.Finally,  to add injury to insult, we were overcharged 50c .  This was explained as a computer error.  We got the money back.Will NEVER return.
5	We are currently sitting in the restaurant eating as I write this, and I just have to say, this place is incredible.  The atmosphere is wonderful inside- an open deli with an Italian style market on the floor, and a nice little patio outside.The owner was personally running the cash register, which I respect because I love when owners show enough care to be working any job necessary.  We were greeted warmly and the owner talked to us for ten minutes or so while ordering and after.When our food arrived it was nothing short of life changing.  We got a spinach salad with chicken and goat cheese that had a nice and tangy Dijon vin dressing which was delightful, a bowl of minestrone soup, and an antipasto salad.  All ingredients used in the salads were fresh, and you could definitely tell!Overall this place is an amazing experience.  From food to customer service to atmosphere, this is already a new favorite of mine, and I will definitely be returning very soon!Side note, I read Paul B.'s review and I have to say, we must have eaten at different places.  The owner was anything but rude, and just a heads up, bacon and PANCETTA are definitely not the same thing.  For complaining about the quality of Italian food you sure don't seem to know anything about it.
5	My boyfriend and I's go-to-spot for delicious Italian dishes. My current favorite is meat ravioli or gnocchi with their vodka sauce (incredible!). Their Philly cheese steaks are also delicious!
5	It doesn't get any better than this. I grew up in New York City and since I moved out to AZ in 1995, I have tried to find good Italian Restaurants and have found some good ones,but not this good. I took my parents,my wife and 2 daughters and ate there Sunday. We ordered an array of different items from the menu and we all tasted each others. Every dish was amazing. The Lasagne my wife had was the best she has had since we were in New York. I got the Caprese Salad and shared it with everyone. The Mozzarella was the freshest I have tasted in ages. I also got the "The Centurion" Calzone which was huge and I still have left overs. It was heaven on a plate. My elderly parents got a half of Meatball Sub and a Sausage Sub and it was amazing. I can go on and on. This is our new place to go and I live in South Chandler. I will drive there just to get their Pizza. Don't expect fancy,you order at the counter,they bring it to your table. If you want Incredible Authentic Italian food, please try it. Oh, their Cannoli's were also heaven.... I have to buy some gravy (sauce) from there which they have so many to choose from and along with their deli,so many wonderful meats and cheeses. Oh try the Cremosa Italian soda's, the flavors were sooooo good. Did I mention that I love this place!!!! :)
5	Awesome Awesome Awesome! We are in love. This place has the best sandwiches & food for someone craving an east coast excursion of Italian! They have a full service deli & grocery, so you can take & make your own Italian creations if you want. I got sausages one night & it even made my cooking taste good! The prices are amazing too. For about a quarter more than you'd spend on your "five dollar footlong" you can get the real deal. If you want food in a super hurry, go somewhere else. They make everything after you order, so you might hafta wait, but the seating is set up well. You can still feel tucked away & watch TV until they bring your food over. I turned some friends from Connecticut onto it & also some other New Yorkers....now get your butt over there & eat some real food!   :)    PS, their chocolate (mousse type) cake will change your life!
5	After a couple of hit and misses on our meals in Scottsdale while here on a business trip we decided to take the advice of the manager at Old Town Cruisers where we went to rent bikes.And that was...come to Delfalco's Deli.The sandwiches we had for for lunch were probably the best sandwiches we have ever had.Sadly we could eat only half because we were already enjoying our beautiful cappuccinos made by Antonio.The freshness of the food,the outstanding service and incredibly reasonable prices make the place the highpoint of our few days in Scottsdale.In fact we loved the joint so much we came back later that evening for dinner.We had the best calzone money can buy...my God it was good.My wife being a very versatile cook has made calzones and makes them very well but not as good as these guys.We even took a tub of their imported gelato back to the hotel.It was a very unique flavor and I thought it was great.If we had known from day one how good this deli was we would have eaten here every meal.As it is this is the only place we have dined at twice in the same day.How sad that we don't have a great joint like this back in San Diego.Oh well I guess that's why we travel.
4	Busy place during lunch hours.  It was a great atmosphere, the food was delicious and well prepared.  The staff was busy but remained courteous.
4	Great food ok service. Best eggplant parm sandwich I've ever eaten and I've had quite a few!  Real au jus not watery beef juice with the beef sandwich!!  Salads we bought were a bit pricey but they were delicious.
5	I have zero complaints. Defalcos is INCREDIBLE. Their food is great, everything is fresh.  The employees are such nice people. I love defalcos.  Its not cheap but you get good value here. Well worth it.
4	I ordered a pizza sub here and it was great.  They have a variety of different breads to choose from.  I really like the focaccia bread and the roll the best. The sandwiches are big and taste fresh.I am looking forward to trying the pasta in the future.
5	Well since my first review about a month ago, I have been back to DeFalco's every Friday since and it is amazing. It has become my "bucket list" to have everything on their menu. So far my wife and have had their, Pizza Bianca and Pizza Margherita,Meatball and Sausage/Beef combo Hero's,Lasagne, Caprese Salad, The "Centurion" Calzone and of course,Cannoli's,Chocolate Eclairs,Strawberry Cheesecake and a Napoleon. I met Anthony DeFalco tonight and not only is he nice man,he cares about his customers satisfaction. A shout out to Robert who usually takes our orders and makes this wonderful experience even better.  I highly recommend DeFalco's. It is not fancy as you order at the counter and they bring the food to your table,but fancy doesn't make great Italian Food, DeFalco's does!!!
5	I just ate a pepperoni & black olive pizza, you can taste the quality of the ingredients. I am defiantly getting another!
4	I stopped here yesterday after arriving after traveling all day from the East Coast. Needless to say after airplane snacks I was starving. My wife and I have a tradition of going to at least one Diners Drive ins and Dives location in every new city we travel to.  We ordered an Il Purista sandwich on whole wheat roll to take back to the hotel.  While waiting for the sandwich to be done we perused the groceries and wines they have in the store. They have everything imaginable for a great Italian meal from antipasto to dessert. We ended up buying some fig cookies to nosh on as well. When arriving at the hotel we dug in. The sandwich was prosciutto, fresh mozzarella, fresh basil, tomato, roasted peppers, extra virgin olive oil and balsamic vinegar. The wheat roll was soft and worked well with the sandwich. Total cost for the sandwich, two drinks and cookies was about $25. The best compliment I can give this place is that it reminds me of Italians Delis back in Hoboken.:)I would definitely recommend this place to anyone coming to Scottsdale.
4	I liked this place because it looked like an authentic deli that was far enough away from the trendy restaurants on Scottsdale Ave. I have to say this place is hit or miss for me due to service and food choice. I can't say everything I've gotten here was good, but I will mention what was good.I've had the "Il Purista" cold sandwich which includes prosciutto, fresh mozzarella, basil, tomato, roasted red peppers, extra virgin olive oil, and balsamic vinegar. Tasty sandwich, one of the best I've ever had and the bread was soft and fresh. The calzone was also good. We had to try it because this is what the restaurant made for Guy Fieri to try on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives. You can put anything in it. I think the best combination I've had was spinach, olives, and ricotta cheese. Seriously, adding ricotta makes all the difference. I had it once with regular cheese and some meats, but it was whatever. The ricotta is just a great touch. Get your calzone with ricotta. It makes a difference!Now, it has to be said because I think rude people just don't get that their attitude makes a difference in a restaurant's atmosphere and how people feel about coming back. There is this one cashier who just has this funky attitude like he could care less about working there. I'm like, this is De Falco's! It's such a cool little restaurant and they got this dude working there who could care less. Once he messed up our order and my mom asked them to make us another calzone. Well, the cashier reluctantly put in a second order for a calzone free of charge but the order was still wrong. We didn't complain a second time because the owner/manager of the restaurant came out to apologize for the cashier and let us know everything was okay. Now, that's customer service. He made up for it really and I still think this restaurant is great despite. But it has to be said that little things make a difference.This place is real cool though. It's a cute deli that sells Italian imported pastas, sauces, wines, etc. So unique and a little pricey but it's imported stuff.
5	Love love this place I'm originally from NY and usually we had our favor spot back home. It took us sometime to find a similar or better place here in az but this place is great everything is good n I mean everything
5	Best Cheesesteak in town!!I am a huge fan of Philly Cheesesteak sandwiches, even though I am from the west, and I talked to one of my other foodie friends on where the best one in town is. They said DeFalcos for sure. Since I was in the area I decided to give it a try. Now, I tend to lean more towards a Cheez Whiz Philly over a provolone Philly, but I may have to rethink that decision after trying this one. Everything about this sandwich was great, from the first bite to the last, every bite was the perfect blend of meat, cheese, bread, and peppers. I am glad I ordered a whole because I would have been very sad if I just got a half.As for the establishment, I have heard there can be very long waits, but I must have been lucky. I was able to walk right in and order. They had a very nice beer selection as well. As well, if you need anything authentic to make a home cooked italian meal, this is definitely the place where you can find it.I will be back very soon!!
5	Cheese steak sub was one of best ever. Lived in Philly for years and can't believe that this actually beats any cheese steak there. Located in an Italian grocery store / deli. Great atmosphere
5	Awesome food. The cheesesteak is amazing. Don't forget about the Italian soda and gelato though- especially the spumoni. There is some interesting Italian food for sale on the grocery side of the Delfalco's as well, like squid ink black pasta. People are so busy eating the amazing food that the atmosphere is pretty nice and not too loud while eating inside. Awesome place!
5	Oh my god.. Such a wonderful place.. With tons of options and great service our family went home happy :).Usually we find it tough to find a place with both veg and non veg options plus kids options. This one fit perfectly for everyone.
5	The Defalco name has been a staple in the valley for decades.  And reason so, making no compromises on quality and remembering to treat everyone like a friend of the family is one of the very reasons to frequent this business.  The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, the selection at the deli and small grocery section is ample, the service is with a smile.Here are a few more reasons you should go here:~Large selection of dried pastas, imported food from Europe, and a selection of canned San Marzano tomatoes.~Make a quick stop on the way home to pick up a tasty bakery treat and a cappuccino.~Call ahead and order a pizza for takeout or calzone to fill your belly.~Stop at the deli and pick up some fresh sliced Boar's Head meats & cheeses or some freshly made antipasti, green salad or even ravioli.You can even take a moment and eat in the restaurant or on the patio. As others have mentioned here, there're many wonderful things on the menu, but I will have to agree that the Philly Cheesesteak Sandwich is absolutely wonderful and perhaps one of the best you will find; as is the Sausage Sandwich and Meatball.  Choose your bread wisely though as some are choices are better than others for the substantial filling within the bread.Overall Score:  4.8 StarsFood: 4.8 StarsService: 4.4 StarsQuality: 4.7 StarsCleanliness: 4 StarsValue: 4 Stars
5	Defalco's rates five stars for me because every dish on the menu that I have tried tastes fabulous. I found Defalco's the first week during my initial scouting trip to Arizona a few years ago.After my first taste of their Chicken Parmigiana sandwich I was hooked. I love the meatball sandwich as well. But my favorite is definitely the Italian Sausage served with roasted green peppers and onions with the marinara sauce on the roll of your choice. Talk about foodie nirvana; The Italian Sausage sandwich does it for me.I keep coming here because the food is excellent and the pricing is reasonable. One time my family members ordered half sandwiches of the same item and they gave us the full sandwich pricing which was a discount from half sandwich pricing. They didn't have to do that. But that's just one of the ways that they look out for their customers. This place gets really busy and it can be a challenge to find seating during the busy lunch and dinner hours.  They also have a thriving deli.One of these days I've got to try the pizza.
5	Stuffed peppers = delicious!  Of course the sandwiches are good too (just read the other reviews).  Only negative is that a weekday lunch might take a while to order and then get your food.
4	Defalcos is the epitome of a New York deli. The food is awesome and the service is cut and dry just like it should be. It really does remind me of being in New York, I half expect to walk out the door and be in the middle of Manhattan. I've had about 7 different sandwiches here and each time the meat and bread are so fresh and tasty. My only advice is to be patient because good food takes time!
4	Excellent sandwiches and just about any other Italian grocery item you can mention!Easy parking and friendly people too :)
5	Delicious sandwiches!  I've been here a few times and have had the meatball and cheesesteak sandwiches. Amazing!  The cheese they use on the cheesesteak really makes it.  Also have had the antipasto salad and it is huge!  Wife and I had to take the extra home for leftovers.  Only drawback is seating is very limited. There's an outside area so that probably helps when it gets a little nicer out. I'd try off peak hours.
5	Drove 5 hours with family after seeing on tripple DDD. Food was fantastic. I don't like Alfredo sauces but their chicken Alfredo was unbelievably fantastic as well as their subs. and marinera sauce. My family and I will be back. This is highly recommended.
5	(Lyrics - Falco - Rock Me Amadeus)Ooh, Rock me Defalcos!Ooh, Rock me Defalcos!Ooh!Ooh!Pa-pa-pa-pa-pastrami, feed me!Pastrami, pastrami, feed me!Pa-pa-pa-pa-pastrami, feed me!Pastrami, pastrami, feed me!Sa-sa-sa-sa-salad, soups....feed me!Sa-sa-sa-sa-salad, soupsDefalco's Italian Grocery is my new favorite Italian deli sandwich shop. Literally it's a shop! You can purchase your deli meats, olive oils, and wine here! The wine selection is quite large and the deli meats are from the best -- Boar's Head of course!My first order at Defalco's and I went for a Pastrami sandwich with a side salad. The Pastrami was delightful as I ordered it on a baguette bread. Perfect crunch to a perfect cured meat -- Uh! The side salad was just an extra for me, but to me chagrin, it rocked my palates! The Italian dressing that came along with it was homemade! Nobody around town I now does this and I don't understand why!? A must have especially when you swing by Defalco's.Service came with a smile as you would need to order in line. The place is setup like an old school grocery store; as if you stepped back into time! - Enjoy!
5	AATTENTION VEGETARIANS!! If u get sick of the same ol' same ol' come to Defalco's and eat there veggie Americana on whole wheat for lunch! It's making my mouth water just thinking about it. It's also good if u switch out the havarti for cheddar. And if u are vegan, it's probably delicious even without cheese! The veggie pasta salad is great too! Mmmmm
4	Guy Fieri never steers you in the wrong direction...We went here this particular afternoon after watching a previous episode of Triple D and since we were in the Phoenix Metro area we just had to try it out! When you walk into this place it look like a little mom and pops grocery store but when you get to the back where the deli is its like a slice of heaven back there. They have this huge menu that you can choose from with pastas, pizza, cold and warm sandwiches, and desserts to die for. We ended up ordering the Veggie lasagne and the Pizza Bianca. I let my fiance decide as I know she is a little more pickier than I am when it comes to Italian or I would of ordered Spaghetti and Meatballs and a sandwich filled with lots of goodies and finished off with a side of heartburn! The Lasagne was excellent. The veggies were fresh and crunchy. The sauce definitely compliments the dish very well and the pasta I think is even fresh! The pizza bianca is basically a margherita without the sauce and Ricotta cheese. The ricotta is so fresh you can definitely distinguish the freshness of it the crust is nice and crunchy and the fresh basil tickles your taste buds as you take each bite of your pizza. What stole the meal was the desserts we ordered. Their chocolate covered Cannoli's are simply amazing and the Tiramisu there, words cannot describe how wonderful it was. I've had some really good Tiramisu over the years and I will say this was the best I've had in my entire life. The ladyfingers were spongy, the marscapone was so good you just couldn't stop and the balance and layers of flavor left you only wanting more. Unfortunately, we stored the Tiramisu overnight at our hotel in Tucson and ate it the next day only to discover how wonderful it was. It was way too late to come back and get more! Our next trip to AZ we will definitely be coming back to try more items on the menu. Overall I really enjoyed everything. Only downsides I can think of is its really not set up to be like a restaurant and its so busy but really worth the wait here! In addition, I forgot to mention the staff here really takes customer service very seriously. Everyone was super friendly and very patient when I explained to them it was our first try and we heard about you guys from Triple D and never once felt like they rushed us or was unhelpful with any of our questions.
5	DeFalco's is amazing. I haven't had one thing on the menu that isn't delicious. The pizza is incredible. The chicken parmigiana and fettuccine alfredo are also really yummy. But my favorite thing on the menu is the chicken cheese steak. I normally don't like cheese steaks but this one is to die for. The fresh sides and meats at the deli are also delicious. And the grocery section offers some of my favorite things from Europe that I haven't been able to find anywhere else. I highly recommend DeFalcos!
5	Just awesome food and service...Thank you!
4	Being from Brooklyn NY and being spoiled my whole life with the best heroes NOT SUBS in the world, I can honestly say that Defalco's is pretty decent for being in Arizona where there are no good heroes bc nobody knows what a hero is pertaining to food.  The roast beef with fresh mozz and au jus sauce is excellent.  Bread could be a bit better, but overall a good experience.  KInd of overpriced tho (and thats coming from a NYC hero eater).
5	Some days are just golden. Everything turns out perfectly.  Usually those days dont include touring a new city, getting lost, and then randomly seeing an italian deli and saying "oh, im hungry i'll just get a sandwich from there."  I didn't expect to get what I did.  I mean common, how many times do the food gods put you in the most amazing hole in the wall you ever discovered? Thats defalcos. Out of a dream (and literally, too. one of the workers there is a cuuuutttieee! Hey yelp, how about YELPDating.. For the Foodies in your heart).   Listen, I lived in NYC for a good amount of time and the food can compare to little italy. Just go. Trust me.
2	Maybe I missed something here, but I wasn't impressed. Had the cheese steak, which I can see had great potential but was...well...bland. Also had the arancini and it also was bland and a bit overlooked. Actually it tasted burned. Maybe just that evening but it all could have benefited from some more seasoning. Lots of other really good reviews so I'd likely give it another chance, but maybe not.
5	Since arriving in Scottsdale in July 2013, I have been to DeFalco's many times including last night. Everything is always great. The hoagies are truly Jersey/Philly worthy. We tried chicken marsala last night - very tasty and great portion size. We also got two slices of strawberry swirl cheesecake to eat at home - very yummy. The place isn't too fancy but that's the appeal. I feel like I am back in my hometown deli in South Jersey.
5	I love this place!!!I'll admit...I haven't tried all that many things here, but that's because I always end up going because I'm craving linguine w/white clam sauce. However, everything looks delicious! I have also tried their chicken parm., which is good.I like this place because you get good food at an affordable price. There is nothing fancy about this place; they use cheap silverware and ugly plates, but who cares? The food is great! if you order a whole pasta meal, you get garlic bread, a quality side salad, and a large-portioned entree. The garlic bread is not great, but I can live with that.I will certainly be back to try their sandwiches, prepared salads, and desserts.
5	They have the pasta and pasta sauce I use to only be able to find in Europe- love it!!
5	Wow! I stocked up on peppers, flour to make pasta, wine, and ladyfingers for tiramisu and had an amazing lunch. We shared a meatball and a sausage sandwich and I can't decide which one I like better. And the price...So reasonable. Our bill for the 2 sandwiches and 2 drinks was just under $20. What a price! and we had more food than we could eat. The deli section looks amazing and I can't wait to get some meats for home from here soon. They have a fantastic selection of products. We had to go back and get cannoli's for later and we just had them tonight and they were some of the best I have had and the most reasonable. Another place has some very similar and charges double the price they charged. I am very impressed with this place and am just sad it took me so long to get here and try it. I already have stuff picked out to try on my next trip!
2	Good food, reasonable prices, ok atmosphere, but very rude employees who act like they are doing you a favor....except for the one guy at the register.
5	I love this place . My favorite stop for lunch . The food is always fresh . Not only can I get lunch but also shop for dishes to cook at home . Hope they never leave !
5	Love this place! My go to is always a sandwich but there really isn't a bad thing on the menu from pasta to deserts.
4	One may ask why when in Arizona would you want to eat Italian food...being from the east coast there are plenty of good Italian eateries. This place is unique and fun...the food is great. And you can buy wine to go with it. Strictly casual...you stand in line to place your order, and then someone comes looking for you to give you the order. Hubs and I sat outside sipping an Oregon Pinot and enjoying the warm weather as we waited for our food. Food came, he got cheese steak and I got eggplant park.  All was delish and enjoyable. Very relaxing too.  Def would go back.
5	This place is consistently good. I'm pretty sure over the last 10 years I've had almost everything on their menu.  The guys are great, service is always with a smile. If you go during weekday lunch expect a bit of wait but know it will be well worth it. My favorite is a classic hard salami with provolone.
4	Be prepared for a good wait time around lunch. Interior is also pretty tiny, so don't expect to eat inside. The cannolis are pretty much perfect.
5	Bread is amazing, all around. From the pizza crust to the sesame seed bun I grab for my purista. If you're a fan of olives make sure you grab some as well.
5	Best Italian Food in Arizona that I have found yet! I moved from New York and this has been the first place in the 2 years that I have been here that tastes like it does back east. Definitely recommend this place. I would recommend the meatball sandwich or calzone. They also have THE BEST  pesto I have ever had in my life!
5	This place is fantastic. Went with my family and everyone got something different. No one had any complaints about anything. I had the beef cheesesteak and wow. Sooo good! Highly recommend it! You have to get a cannoli as well. They are legit awesome! Can't speak any higher about this place. If you visit Scottsdale and don't go here, you're missing out!
3	Nice atmosphere and friendly service. I was really looking forward to DeFalco's because it was on Triple D and because of the high Yelp rating, but unfortunately it did not live up to the hype. The Chicken Parm was dry and pizza not very Naples like given the Italian roots of this place. Also had a cappuccino. My Nespresso expresso maker makes better cappuccino.  Next time in Arizona I will stick to the Mexican food.
4	Busy (line from the counter to the door) but don't be scared off because they have quick service. Happy hour til 7 seemed decent but we were too late. My friend had the meatball sub and it was the best one I've tasted. We got it with sub bread and it was perfect. They also have several other bread options (sesame, crunchy baguette, etc).  The linguine (pasta options are spaghetti, linguine, fettuccine, and penne) was a bit mushy but I liked the basic marinara sauce - it had some heat with lots of red pepper flakes. The sausage was bland - I would go for the big, fluffy meatballs. The garlic bread had a lot of herbs but was also surprisingly bland. This place is inexpensive and laid back - it has a family owned feel that I like. Everything has a lot of options as I mentioned above, and you can do half or whole orders (half was plenty for me). There is a soda fountain and free refills. Based on my spaghetti and sausage meal I would give 3 stars but that meatball sub was honestly amazing. Next time I am definitely getting a sandwich!
5	Have eaten here many times and times it! Anything you get will be good. If you're short on time order over the phone and pickup, otherwise you will be waiting a while, needless to say the wait is worth it. My favorite is the Ruben, which is not in the menu, but they will make it.
4	One of the best places to get a sandwich by far! I have been here a couple of times  I highly recommend it.
4	Go straight for the Centurion pizza. Top notch.
5	I'm from the northeast and this place reminds me of home. It's like walking into an  Italian deli back east (or about as close as you can get to it out in the desert).Chick Parm...deli meats...fresh pizza dough...I love this place. They also sell a lot of Italian groceries you won't find in the local supermarkets. Pretty cool...
5	OMG. I found Italian bread in Scottsdale.  I found a Jersey-style Italian Hoagie. (they didn't follow my exact phone directions but I am so forgiving as it was like being home). The pizza was okay as well. Tried a saled, no complaints. Pepper sandwich, great.  Tarimisu second only to Sals. And my friend ordered some Baklava which was fresh and flaky. I can pick up all my Italian cheeses and always find something I want to try.  They should perfect their phone orders better, but otherwise, it's like being in Jersey.
5	Love, love, love this place. I have never ordered anything I did not like. Their chicken Caesar pasta salad is the best!
5	This place is bommmmmb!!! Definitely my favorite Italian food in the Old Town area. Try the stuffed peppers !Not your typical douchey restaurant. Very casual and they also play good music the staff is really nice as well.They also have grocery items you can buy but I'm sure you won't make it as well as they do
4	So glad to have found a real Italian deli in the Phoenix area that I drove 30 miles one way to shop there.I visited on a Saturday when I had nothing to do other seeking some decent quality Ricotta cheese and Amoretti cookies.  What a charming place. My only regret is in not arriving hungry since I'd really like to try to their sausage sandwich.  I don't eat Italian outside of the home very often since I'm usually more pleased with what I cook, but in this case, I'd really like to try their food.  I overheard two people dining and one said to the other "I can't wait for you to try that sausage to hear what you think of it."  Clearly, based on reviews, seeing what diners were eating and overhearing comments, their Italian sausage must be loved by many. I bought the Ricotta, cookies and an interesting bottle of Pinot Grigio.  I'm not sure if it was all priced fairly,  but I was just pleased to see the selections of Cento brands, interesting Italian wines and San Marzano tomatoes!
5	Love everything about this place. The vibe is so anti-Scottsdale--which I love. The meatballs and stuffed peppers are fabulous. Can't wait to go back and try more things off the menu.
3	Food was Ok , pizza was so so, Pomo's is better, sandwich was ok jimmy johns and potbellys is better my girls baked ziti was good though, Won't be back sorry... Not enough flava for this Dego.iiiii
4	Ok, I see this place getting almost 2:1 5-Star Ratings over 4, but sorry, I didn't think it was THAT wonderful!     :-)For my first visit here I was joined by Jackie C. & Mike C.  My order was for a 12"" "Italian Combo" Sub on a wheat roll.  It was the first thing on the menu board, for this first visit.  Receiving our orders took a while, which was ok for us, but you wouldn't be able to do this place on a 1/2 hour lunch.  After a while our sandwiches arrived and mine was good, & reasonably priced at $6.99, but for me, not a match to me for the "Capastrami" at Capriottis, for example.  Jackie got a hot sub that had sliced beef, cheese, onion and mushrooms on it & I might have gotten more excited if I had ordered that one.  (We'll see next time.)  Meanwhile, I think this is a good place!     :-))
2	Don't understand the fuss about this place.  The first time I went I got a Caprese Salad.  It was a giant bowl of romaine and iceberg lettuce (I expected a handful or none at all), whole basil leaves (not tasty in a salad), pinkish/greenish Roma tomatoes (yuck), fresh mozzarella (the only plus) and when I said I wanted balsamic for my dressing, that exactly what I got.  Balsamic vinegar.  No oil.  So weird.  The breadsticks had been warmed and cooled so many times they were like semi-chewy rubber.  And cold (again) when given to me.  I left totally confused.  Decided to try again because a friend swore he loved it.  I got the eggplant parmesan over linguini.  It was very good!  But again, cold, chewy, old breadsticks. The side salad had the same pinkish/green Roma tomatoes (who EATS those horrible things!!???)  My friend (who talked me into going back again) got a chicken parmesan sandwich which was served on old bread that was so hard he couldn't bite thru parts of it.  He was very disappointed.  I will say this: the tiramisu was the best I have ever had.  Great cannoli too.  But seriously: its really hard to take an italian place seriously when they serve terrible, old bread and can't tell the difference between the worst tomatoes ever and a good or even great, juicy, enjoyable red tomato.  Na mean?
5	This is really an exceptional italian deli!  Great sandwich's - great atmosphere.  Would certainly come again when in the Scottsdale area.
5	Walked in not knowing what to get at all. The cashier dude said to me that I should get the Philly Cheesesteak because it's the best in the country. I told him that's quite the hefty statement and chose to go with the Italian Combo sandwich and also told him I'd give the ol' Cheesesteak a shot next time. This guy seemed to know what he was talking about. I then decided to grab a side of two of the pasta salads and try them both. I also got a side of their marinara. My bill total was $19. So cheap!So I take the food home and I am really expecting this to be absolutely amazing since the reviews on this place are off the charts. And...the hype is real amigos. I tried a bit of everything and I couldn't find one thing to complain about. I hate going to hyped up places because I'm afraid they'll disappoint but I stand by this hype. I'll be trying that Cheesesteak next time!
5	Defalco's is a great spot!  They can cook you a great meal, or give you everything you need to cook your own.  I have bought a lot of pizza crust from them, amend it's a great deal.  They also have a lot of great salads, and amazing fresh mozzarella.
5	I don't really understand how anyone can rate this place lower than a 4. The food is amazing. I have tried multiple sandwiches and pastas, and the pizza is ridiculous. The people working are usually in a good mood and have a short conversation with me if they are not overly busy. I usually call ahead for pick up and its always a smooth process.Extra info: The have Pepsi Products for fountain drinks and they have a fridge with a variety of drinks including Snapple, which is also amazing. Lastly, the cannolis are my favorite.
4	If you are looking for top notch food- this is it. If you want atmosphere and a restaurant experience- not for you. All fresh ingredients and really outstanding flavors. Meatball Sandwich, cheese pizza, antipasto salad all very flavorful
5	Its a small store and deli packed with italian stuff.  Large selection of pasta and sauces as well as desert makings.  We went for lunch to the deli.  I must admit, one of the best cheese steaks I've ever had.  Its a shame we live so far away from here, I'd definitely frequent this place.
5	Awesome! when i worked down the street from here i literally ate here 2-3 times a week and always looked forward to it. cant go wrong with any dish. great prices and a lot of food. yet to find a better philly cheesesteak in AZ
5	Rating this as anything less than 5 stars is damn near offensive. This place was outstanding. I had the chicken Parmesan which was awesome; my husband had a calzone with sausage, pepperoni, onion, and peppers. The sausage and pepperoni were made right there and were downright bitchin! We ended up shopping at their store too and picked up some salami and cheese for the trip back home. I wish that we could have something like this in Wisconsin, we would be there all the time!
5	I'm still loving Defalco's, maybe now more than before.  Cheese steak is still great, I even chop it up and freeze it now and it reheats really well which is most bonus if you don't live close to Defalco's. Eggplant parm freezes well too.  The Il Purista is packed with tons of prosciutto and it is delicious. Their gnocchi is really good, mac and cheese is really good, and the garlic toast is tasty.  They give you a decent side salad with your pasta entrees too which is nice considering how many restaurants don't throw in any extras.  Saving the best advice for last, you MUST try their sausage. I wish they would open a Defalco's in North Scottsdale.....
5	Incredible!  Many, many leaps above somewhere like Olive Garden!  The fettucine chicken Alfredo was fantastic, as was the chocolate mouse cake (so silky smooth)!  The eggplant, mushroom, and spinach calzone was amazing, the crust was soft all around and the flavors were perfect.
5	Tasty!  Being from the NYC area I am always looking for a good NY style Italian deli/restaurant.  This is it!  Stop driving, turn into the parking lot, turn off the car and go inside and order.
5	Heavenly Italian sandwiches.  Best ingredients and fresh.  Felt like I was in NYC for lunch.  Best Italian lunch spot I have found in the metro Phoenix area.  Wish they had a location in Chandler.
5	I've been here a few times and always been so impressed but keep forgetting to make a review. I feel like I say this in all my reviews lately but I'm pregnant and so really when I'm craving something, it's so specific and I end up building it up to be the best thing in the whole world and then when I get it I'm disappointed because my expectations were way unreasonable. Well today for lunch, I wanted Italian beef. I've had the cold Italian combo sandwich here before and a few other subs and they were always great. The artichoke salad is really good too. I ordered over the phone to avoid the lines... half Italian beef sub with provolone, and a side of Giardinara peppers. I went to pick it up and it was ready right away, and for everything it was only around $7. I read in another review that they don't dip the whole sub, and I like mine really juicy, but I figured I'd still try it. Well they provide a side of au jus so you can dip it yourself, so that was exciting. I got back to work and started eating... omg, it really was so so good. With each bite it tasted better and better. The hot peppers I got on the side made the sub though (I think that's what I was truly craving all along). It was hot and juicy and the au jus was more than enough. There was a lot of meat, which was tender and perfectly cut, not a singly fatty piece and it was all evenly distributed on the sub. Sometimes I have to rearrange my sandwich to even out the meat but this was perfect. It was so good. I was really full by the time I finished but still wished I had ordered a full. The only negative thing I would say is there were too many onions and green peppers for my taste. However, I'm not mad about that because I'd rather there be too many and I can pick some off rather than not have enough and wish there were more. The guy that always takes my phone orders is seriously the nicest guy ever. (I think his name is Joe?) He's so pleasant on the phone and just as nice in person. He'll give you his personal recommendation if you have questions and he'll help you make decisions if you're super indecisive like I am. I love this place and would highly recommend it to anyone. They have such a wide menu that there's really something for everyone!
4	Went there with my daughter and granddaughter today for the first time.  Read the reviews on Yelp and we were in the area, so we had to try it.  It is a busy little place.  Has a lot to offer for groceries and a large selection for their menu.  I had read about the Cheesesteak so I had to try it (Beef).  While its not like the Philly Cheesesteaks you get at Pat's Steak or Geno's Steak in Philadelphia, it was a close second.  Very testy.  My daughter had the Italian Combo and it was delicious.  We will be back and next time we will bring more family and friends.  Great job!!!!
4	The pizza was above average.  The cheese calzone was delicious and the veggie sandwich is great.  The italian bread alone is worth the trip.  Their wines are some of the best we've had, especially for the price. And, the staff are very friendly and accommodating.  Stop in for a great Friday night dinner.  You won't regret it.
4	Good place to get all the things you need Italian and can't get else where. Although they can get a bit pricy here! But I haven't found any other places in az that sell the good italian foods!
5	I have been here twice now to eat and grab some goodies. The sandwiches are really good and very nicely priced for what you get. My favorite is the italian sausage but I have also had a cold cut and tried my daughters meatball and they were fantastic as well. We bought some risotto to make at home and my daughter made it for mothers day with some tiramisu with ladyfingers she bought here and it was all amazing. Their supplies are fresh, and good quality. Great little place!
5	This Scottsdale institution is epic in every way. Great food, great deli, and great service. If you are in a hurry, the food can take a little while during the lunch rush, so take advantage of calling ahead of ordering so it will be ready when you get there.In addition to the great food, they have deli items for sale, specialty pasta, bread, wine, etc. Everything you need to be a hero in the kitchen. The one thing that's a bit odd are the signs on the soda fountain admonishing people not to steal soda, if they have a free water cup. That seems more like a sign you'd see in a Circle K in a shitty area- not a great deli. Maybe they can lose the sign, it kinda isn't in keeping with the classy feel of the food, ambiance and people.
4	The Lasagna is amazing.  However, I am not impressed with the pizza or salad.
3	Awesome food! Hands down the best Italian deli in AZ Just a note - the owner solicits for tips but the employees never see any of the tips.  Have always tipped 40-50% of my tab & a little upset about it now because I believed the employees serving me were actually receiving the $ at the end of their shift. Not the case. I would give this place 5 stars if it wasn't for the owner soliciting for tips for his profit. Not cool :-|
5	First time and we are obsessed!! Definetely worth the ride (we live on the West Valley). We ordered Centurion pizza, Il Purista sandwich and eggplant parmigiana sandwich to try and we looooved it all!! Foccacia bread is delicious, the pizza crust and the sauce to die for!! Definetely the best italian deli I have been to and I will recommend it to all my friends and family. It is very casual, you order by the register and they call your number and take your food to your table. We waited around 15 minutes for the pizza and sandwiches so that made us very happy (we were starving). It is very very family oriented and we loved that too!! You wont be disappointed ;) great food, friendly staff!!
5	Super authentic Italian deli! Their cream soda was pretty good but the prosciutto mozzarella sandwich was definitely the highlight. The dining area is pretty small and nothing to write home about, but I love all the Italian grocery items you can pick up while waiting for your food. Defalco's is one of my new top spots for lunch!
4	Interesting concept - dining within a market. You order your food at the counter and once you find a table your order is brought out to you. Friendly employees, efficient service, quirky concept, good food, decent prices and wine. What more could you ask for? My party tasted the meatball sub, cheese ravioli, veggie sub and pizza. All very tasty. Shopping after eating - it's a win/win. Great location in South Scottsdale with ample parking. I'll be back to try the fettuccine  alfredo. Heard good things about it.
4	The food is magnificent! It's just tastegasem!The gnocchi, the salad and the connoli is awesome too.The service is very good and the food hard ready very quick. They have order pick ups too, in case you're in a hurry!
5	Finally! A place close by that sells conoli shells and sweet potato gnocchi! I had the tuna salad with a white and milk chocolate cookie. My boyfriend had the gnocchi Alfredo and a conoli. I would have posted a photo of our food but we ate it too fast ;) I will definitely be back to try the lemon bars.
5	This was my family's 1st stop of our Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives and Man vs Food Arizona self-guided tour.  Defalco's was featured on Guy Fieri's DDD and they're an Italian food/sandwich/deli joint.  Why was this our first stop instead of the multitude of Food Network or Travel Channel foodie destinations located in Phoenix and Scottsdale?  Our family was here in Phoenix for my daughter's 4-day volleyball tournament and the wifey wanted her to carbo load to get her ready for some spiking and blocking.  I AM SOOOOOOOOO HAPPY DEFALCO'S WAS OUR FIRST STOP!!!!!!!!!I got a little frustrated trying to find Defalco's because we got lost trying to find it.  As we were driving down Scottsdale Road looking for the address 2334 Scottsdale Road, my GPS directed us to where it should have been, but the numbers skipped.  Just continue driving North because the numbers will resume again.  Defalco's is located on North Scottsdale Road not South.  Just make it easier to find this foodie haven because others have to try this must eat at destination.  Defalco's is an Italian market combination deli.  The seating area and overall look gives off a Mom and Pop, hole in the wall vibe, which was a great sign of what was to come.  Triple D locales usually are annointed with Guy Fieri's mug plastered somewhere in the restaurant.  There was a framed picture of him as well as a spray painted picture of his signature spiky hair and beard.  Both signifying Guy's stamp of approval of a must visit establishment.  Defalco's had shelves of Italian food products to purchase and it's a full service deli that sells delectable meats and sausages.  Interesting tidbit:  I spoke to one of the employees and asked him if his business spiked after the DDD episode.  He said it definitely opened the floodgates, but Defalco's initially rejected DDD's desire to feature them on the show.  He said they were popular already and didn't need DDD, but a customer wrote the show and was adamant about DDD featuring Defalco's.  DDD's producers were persistent and kept calling them, so Defalco's relented and man, my entire family is soooooo glad they did.I asked the kind gentleman behind the counter what Defalco's was known for and he said that they had the best cheesesteaks in the nation.  Wow, that's a bold statement and made me skeptical.  He also said their pastas, pizzas, and salads were can't misses too.  I ordered of course the half cheesesteak sandwich, small pizza with Italian sausage and pepperoni, large penne meatball pasta, and a vegetable pasta salad.  Everything is made to order, so you'll wait a little while for the food.  The wait is worth it.  I got my half cheesesteak sandwich filled with a piled amount of tender, thinly sliced rib eyed steak mixed with melted cheese and caramelized, juicy fried peppers, onions and mushrooms inside a soft bread roll. When I took my very first bite of the half sandwich that was more than enough, OMG OMG OMG, I was speechless.  As I savored this first bite, my family laughed at me because as I tried to vocalize how scrumptious this heavenly collection of meaty, cheesy, vegetably, and bready goodness, I mumbled something that wasn't discernable.  That good!!!  I didn't have to eat anything else because this sandwich alone was 10-star rating worthy.  Order a pizza.  Any pizza.  The small is good enough to feed a family of four.  The crust was tasty and had a good texture.  If I wasn't so full from my sandwich, I would have eaten more than the 3 slices I ate.  The pasta salad had good tasting dressing and the pasta had a huge, nicely seasoned meatball.  Defalco's had a good assortment of desserts.  I tried my wifey's chocolate covered cannoli and wow, I need to try more of their desserts next time.  Get the cheesesteak sandwich, you won't be disappointed.Mr Fieri, I thank you for featuring Defalco's and Defalco's, I thank you for your cheesesteak sandwich.  I've been a little unlucky when it comes to my best foods ever.  Best buffet and burger in Las Vegas, best burger in Los Angeles, and now best cheesesteak in Phoenix.  6 hours to drive for a cheesesteak?  So worth it.
5	I've never had anything that wasn't absolutly delicious! Great Italian food and if you are in the mood to cook, they have it all for a perfect Italian meal! Try the take out to impress your next dinner party!!
5	I recently moved to Scottsdale and had never been to Defalco's. My husband had been here a couple of time's before. We decided on a Sunday evening to get pizza and my husband suggested we go to Defalco's. We ordered a margerhita pizza. It was seriously the best pizza I've ever had. We had leftovers which I ate for lunch the following day and they were just as awesome. I will definitely be back!!!
1	After reading the reviews that the food was so food we ordered a pizza.  It was greasy, very salty and the order was wrong.  Will not go back.
5	Here again over the 4th of July weekend.  They were slammed due to another airing of their great Diners, Driven Ins and Dives episode so the wait was a little longer than usual-but totally worth it!  I am happy to wait a little longer than a 5 min McDonald's order for quality, homemade food at extremely reasonable prices.  My favorite item is their pizza (I order the white pizza with capacollo)  but they also make a mean turkey sandwich!  My family also loves the Chicken Parm sub and the meatball sub.
5	Purista sandwich! Coming off of a big night of booze and gambling it seemed like the right call. Prosciutto, Fresh Mozzarella, Fresh Basil, Tomato, Roasted Peppers, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, & Balsamic Vinegar. Come on! What's not to like about that ass kickin sandwich! The Crispy Baguette is the perfect vessel for all of these fresh and imported ingredients. We were lucky to get in and wait just a short period of time for our order. Great, no bullshit, straight forward sandwich and deli. Tony Soprano would be very proud of this Gastronomia! Will be back again, so many more things to try.
5	Upon sinking my teeth into the Il Purista sandwich, I was filled with a sense of fear...Had I just bitten into the best sandwich I'd ever tasted? Would  I never find another sandwich that could compare? Can I eat this sandwich for the rest of my life?The answer was Yes. Another favorite here is the Chicken Parmesan. This is by far the best marinara sauce I have ever had, smothered on the best breaded chicken breast on this earth.The grocery is neat, a bit of a novelty, and seating is sparse. I enjoy sitting in the more private section to the right of the entrance. Prices are fair, and you can split most entrees between two people.Would definitely recommend to anyone seeking authentic Italian cuisine!
1	This review is based on just food.I have no idea why people rave about this place. Ill go piece by piece.Counter style ordering doesn't really bother me, and the guy taking my order was super cool. The behind him though, kind of a jerk and kept bitching about getting in late orders. It was close to closing probably 45 minutes out, I wasn't at the 30 minute mark so I think i was good. I walked in and then 20 others walked in behind me, obviously DeFalcos is no stranger to later diners.Ordered chicken parm and mac and cheese. The chicken cutlet itself was absolutely nothing to call home about. It was pounded out, breaded and friend appropriately, nothing special at all. The pasta was way over cooked, and the red sauce, was watered down and lacked any depth or flavor. Ive cooked, and eaten both American Italian and traditional Italian my entire life and this sauce fell very short of what I expected. It wasn't like it was a quick crushed tomato, garlic, red pepper, onion, basil sauce that you through together on Tuesday. It was an I spent all day making this sauce, let me dump some water into it. Mac and cheese, same deal. Noodles were overcooked, the mornay was a joke. Literally watered down and tasted like nothing. I tried to taste it, it literally tasted like nothing. I put some salt and pepper on it, it tasted like nothing and salt and pepper. Finally the garlic bread. It was good, extremely reminiscent of the frozen garlic bread. Not being rude here it just was reminiscent of the frozen garlic bread. I regret having to write this, i thought everyone was spot on about this place but it was not good at all. My $0.02.
5	Love their pastries.  Great friendly people.
3	Being from NY I had high expectations of this place. I was disappointed though. My eggplant sandwich was okay. Kind of tasteless. I wasnt thrilled with the cookies either. I saw pictures online of rice balls in the case under the counter where all prepared food is but there were none so I asked for one. They said they had them in the back. I said I wanted it "to go" & I waited and waited. I finally asked if perhaps they were heating it up because it wasnt necessary to do so. I was told it was "frozen" & they popped it in the oven. Wha? Frozen? Why not fresh? Why make rice balls & freeze them? Turn off. I didnt find the guy behind the counter to be too friendly either. Another worker was irritating because he sat in the corner eating and staring at me to the point of being so blatently rude my husband felt the need to block his view. C'mon, get it together.
4	Saw this on Guy Fieris Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives and I was impressed by the food and wine selection-and for low prices. The sausage was very good, so dig in to the sandwiches and pastas! However, it gets a four star because the tables were a bit dirty and the atmosphere was a little bland. But, enjoy the food!
5	My boyfriend and I are obsessed with Defalco's. It's less than a mile from my house so we frequently eat here. Everything we have ordered thus far has been amazing, flavorful and fresh. I believe that the owners' family originally came from Italy, which explains the atmosphere of the deli. It reminds me of a typical european deli, mixing fresh foods you can order to your liking, along with a small selection of groceries and specialty items.I like to buy certain groceries here but they are a little more expensive, given that the majority are imported. They've got some great products - fancy cheese, a giant selection of olive oil, unique pastas (gnocchi, fusilli), and lots of wine. To date, my boyfriend and I have tried: cheesesteak (must try it!!! get it on the Italian roll with grilled onions, mushrooms, and peppers), chicken parmigiana sandwich, italian sausage sandwich with peppers (homemade sausage, i would recommend adding cheese),cheese ravioli,artichoke and vegetable lasagna (amazing!),caprese salad (homemade mozzarella cheese!!), and spinach, avocado and goat cheese salad.We are looking forward to eating everything on the menu, but it is always difficult to try something new when everything we've tasted has been amazing.Don't forget about ordering desserts! Tiramisu, cannolis, chocolate eclairs, lemoncello cake... I have a sweet tooth and I am happy to report that they do not disappoint.
3	Got a couple of dishes and only thought it was okay. Glass of cab was tasty though. Wanted to fall in love with this local joint but I didn't. We tried the French dip w Italian sausage sandwich and the spaghetti and meat balls. Meats in sandwich were dry and lacked flavor to me. Pasta dish was "normal". Will only be back if other company suggests it.
5	We were in Scottsdale for another happening and wanted to try this place out. I had seen that Guy from Diners, Drive Ins and Dives had been there. My husband had the same homemade sausage with peppers sandwich that Guy had. He added provolone cheese to it. The pricing on that sandwich was very affordable! I ordered the Purista and it was fantastic. We shared an order of red potato salad. I would def go back again!
5	Best Italian deli around Scottsdale. Excellent food & worth the wait & price. Can be very busy & have waited a long time to get my food.  The food tastes so good that I am happy to wait anytime.
5	Love it.  We stop for lunch every time we are in town.  Awesome fresh bread and all the Italian classics.
5	I am moving and will I miss this place.  Everything I have eaten has been outstanding.  The steak and cheese may be one of the best things I have ever put in my mouth!  Calzone is huge!  Deli counter is outstanding as are the other items on the shelves.  What a selection of wines and oils!  This is a can't miss place!
5	My love affair with DeFalco's continues. There was 6 of us there last night,including my elderly parents,and my sister from Montreal. I had to take her there so she can experience what my wife,myself and my daughters have experienced in the past. Perfection!!We got there earlier than usual because of when my parents eat dinner and it was great timing before the Friday night crowd came. My sister loved DeFalco's and was so mesmerized with all their items,including the wines and Imported items that you can't find in most places.I had to have their Pizza Bianca White Pizza), which as usual was delicious. My wife has their Chicken Parmigiana, my Dad had Spaghetti and Meatballs (incredible), my sister and my Mom had the Eggplant Parm, and my daughter had the Chicken Fettuccine. Of course we all tried each others and all were amazing. Oh,I ordered the Fresh Mozzarella Ball to share and dip in sauce. Every dish was amazing. My family are originally from NY and ate some great food there, and I am so grateful to have found a wonderful place like DeFalco's where they make great Italian food.  As I have stated before, if you want a fancy place go there,but if you want great, inexpensive, consistent Italian food,go to DeFalco's.... OMG, make sure you have some of their desserts..
5	If you are looking for real authentic Italian food this is the place to go! I have been eating here for the last five years and it truly the best Italian food around Arizona. I swear you won't be disappointed.
5	Best chicken parm EVER!!! I live in San Fran and I dream about going back just to get a chicken parm sandwich!  My buddy Rob from Wells Fargo brought me here years ago and still this place does the best!!!!
5	Let me start off with I am foodie and I normally don't right reviews unless it is extremely good or bad. This meal deserved a review it was so good.I had the fettuccine and Alfredo with the beaded chicken. This was the best I have ever had! This meal was not even in the same league as other Fettuccine and Alfredo dishes. Though the wait is a bit longer than wait I expected, the wait is well worth it!!!!
4	I came here my second time on a Saturday righting between the lunch and dinner rush, hoping for a lull in terms of seating and business- no luck. We weren't fighting for a table but it was still hoppin! When you come in it can be easy to hold up the line if you don't know what you want, so be sure to be considerate of other people behind you. I ordered the Defalco's mac and cheese- a classic. It may or may not be laced with crack, because it may be the best Mac and cheese I've ever tried. The tables are surrounded by racks of Italian groceries so there is a kitschy intimacy to it. Overall- great food at a slightly above average price, homey environment, and good environment!
5	Where to start?!? Unbelievable sandwiches and pastas. Great deli and grocery. Customer service is always quick, friendly and helpful. I always find a way to stop in when I'm in town.
5	A+ for pretty much everything for me, love living close to Defalcos
5	Outstanding food, great service, wait time (for me) not a big deal since I walk around the market.  Had meatball sub today, got it to go and it was still hot and fresh when I got home.  About 8 minutes later.  Get the hot italian sausage from the meat case.  I like to grill mine over charcoal then add to my sauce and my home-made pasta.  I like the hot....since I'm a "spicy meatball" myself.
4	This place reminds me of the Italian delis back in the northeast.   They sell everything from sandwiches to entrees to desserts to wine to packaged pastas/sauces I tried hot/cold sandwiches, calzones, and pizzas...all were terrific.  I also tried pasta dishes and although the sauce was decent, the pasta wasn't homemade or cooked properly so it left more to be desired.  For all of the food and dessert this place makes and sells, its surprising that they wouldn't have homemade pasta. They sell wine by the glass and bottle.  And they have special prices for happy hour.Definitely check this place out!
5	debating not moving for fear of being a few miles further away from defalcos.  Best pizza, sandwiches, and everything.... oh and the cheese steak is a MUST.
5	This place is top notch when it comes to fresh deli sandwiches! Everything I order is always great and I've never had an issue or a bad meal. Just get there early or late to avoid the lunch rush or call your order in for pickup.The groceries are authentic and interesting, its fun to look through them all and try to figure out what you can create in your own kitchen.Worth the stop if your in the area!
4	For those looking for a quality sub and can't find it at a chain restaurant this is the spot. Subs are priced a little high compared to a chain but you get what you pay for.
1	Horrible sums this place up! Stale bread with stale toppings. I will not give them a second try.
2	So food is great! BUT service OMG slow and no awareness. So took forever to get food when not busy (10 people sitting half with food). Then I wanted to get a to go box. Well I went to front of line to quickly ask for one and cashier Never even noticed me. Was kinda in front of him. Then walking back to my seat a cool came out and sat behind me for his break. Asked him if they had boxes. Told me to go to another counter for phone in orders. Well then I was in line for a while as that took forever. I gave up told my girlfriend how that didn't work by the cool and he didn't even notice. Never checked if I got the box or anything.So food good, service blows.
4	I love this place. It's authentic. Excellent selection of Italian delicacies. It would be 5-star if they had Italian chefs in the kitchen--rather than cheap import chefs like the rest of AZ.
4	My coworker and I decided to try Defalco's out after hearing it had been on Drive-in, Diners, and Dives. I read the reviews and knew it was best to call our orders in. Boy was I right. There was a huge line and 2 girls arguing over who was first. Exciting. My coworker ordered the Centurion calzone and really liked it. I ordered the panini grilled cheese. I love a grilled cheese but not that one. Too salty. But we both loved the marscapone lemoncello cake. I will definitely be back to try something else. Oh and the staff was super friendly.
5	Amazing cheesesteaks! Well, amazing everything!!! Have never had anything we didn't love
4	After my review I was contacted by the management apologizing for my experience and requesting more detail to address the issue or at least look into it. That is really nice and was prompt from my post. They do care and the food is great. For these reasons I updated my stars from 2 to 4.
5	In a rush this isn't the place at lunch, but man o man, are their sammys fantastic! Highly recommend!
5	Fresh, delicious food, outstanding staff in a comfortable restaurant/grocery store deli setting. Doesn't get any better than this!
4	Awesome sandwiches
3	Had to downgrade after a recent visit...Ordered the Purista to go; took ENTIRELY too long and when I got home to eat it, I was shocked at how skimpy it was!  And NO flavor either...had to dig through my pantry for some salt, pepper and balsamic.  There was exactly 1.2 oz of mozzarella on the sandwich (I weighed it) -- so I added some of my own to make it a REAL sandwich.  Should've. Just stayed home, huh?
5	I've been coming here for years and it's a treat every time.  Try the cheesesteaks!  You'll be amazed.  Best sandwiches I've had in 4 years in the valley. I love this place!
5	I haven't been to many other delis here in the valley, but I would go ahead and say this one is among the best.
5	Yum yum yum. Sometimes you just need a good ol' sandwich. This is the place. They have amazing sandwiches that are great and delicious. I had the one with prosciutto (don't remember the name) and it was amazing. It is also a cute little place to browse around and check out all the amazing Italian imports. Next time I try to go authentic Italian at home I will definitely be shopping here.
1	Good food terrible service
5	Ate here for the first time today, my husband has eaten here multiple times before and has always loved it. I was not disappointed. We didn't order anything fancy, just some sandwiches and a side of macaroni & cheese for our daughter (we ordered a side because they don't have a kids menu.) The sandwiches were great, just the right amount of meat and the bread they make there was delicious. But, the macaroni & cheese, someone must have sold their soul to the devil for that recipe. It was so good. Even our four year old said it was 'really, really, really good.' It lucked out for us that the side was a full bowl because when she was done with it, my husband and I got to finish it off. We will be going back.
3	This review concerns the sandwiches only.I really like their food except for... the bread (which is kind of ironique for a sandwich).The breads are way too soft (even the crunchy one which is not crunchy at all). Being from France, I love bread but there is nothing like european bread in that shop. Other than the bread it is really good. That's why i usually buy my own bread somewhere else and when i get a sandwich at Defalco, i just put all of the ingredients from their sandwich into my own piece of bread.
3	Unfortunately quality suffered the past 2 years, but still a good place to grab a quick lunch while in the area.
5	Very good food nice place
4	I agree with a fellow yelper that the quality has gone down slightly in the past few years. Coming from a family of European immigrants, I would also agree that their bread needs work. Other than that, the sandwiches and salads are delicious and I will continue returning! Don't come here if you're on a diet. :)
5	Best Pizza, Best Philly Cheese Steak!!!!! This place is just the bomb!!!!!!!!
5	This reminds me of being back East. Best sandwiches I have ever eaten in this city!!!
5	Only ordered one thing off the menu so far, but the mostaccioli and meatballs is absolutely fabulous. Highly recommended. The sauce is phenomenal, meatballs taste just like mom used to make, and prices are reasonable. Definitely check this ace out if you haven't yet.
4	Reminds me of old time quality Italian sandwhich shops in New England. Far more sophisticated but I feel the quality,  tastes and smells are the same.
5	I eat here at least 3 times a week - it's becoming a problem. My roommate and I are here so often we always ask about their "IPO" (Italian Public Offering). Cannolis are the currency of the future. I would highly recommend the Beef Cheesesteak - it is my all time favorite. The Caprese Salad is a staple in my diet as well. The mozzarella is homemade and to die for. Other recommendations include: II Purista, Vegetarian Lasagna, Chicken Marsala, Chicken Pesto Salad, Portobello Sandwich and Grilled Cheese.Don't forget to order a cannoli. It's for your health.
5	all kinds of great sandwiches and pasta and desserts its like something from back east
1	Have been here twice and both times was great service and delicious. Upon my third visit I walked in and stood at the normal counter that I order a drink at. The man took 10 minutes to help me. Then when he asked me what I wanted and I replied he decided to give me a dirty look, shake his head and point to the other counter and say "seriously man, I'm slammed. Order down there." I replied "this is the counter I always order at." He chose to ignore me. After that I didn't even want to order, I simply walked out. I wish he was wearing a name tag so I could tell his manager what a disrespectful employee he was. For this, I will no longer be eating/drinking here.
5	I'm from chicago, visiting my inlaws home in Scottsdale and saw this place featured on Triple D amd had to give it a try.  I'm glad we made the drive cuz the food was excellent.  I had the italian sausage with marinara sauce. And Motz cheese.  The only thing I would do differently is request the italian sausauge to be hot sausauge, vs the mild. Other than that, it was excellent!
5	Amazing fresh food and on the spot import deli meats and cheeses. Super amazing cheese steak. Best around. Friendly staff and all about quality!
2	My experience is this:I heard the hype, wanted to taste the hype, could see the hype, didn't like the hype.I ordered one of the two barometer sandwiches for an Italian deli; the meatball sub. The other is the Italian cold cut which I will try.Price was OK, size was OK, bread was VERY good, meatballs were pretty good, sauce was MEH.The real reason for the 2 star review, trust me I am not a hater, is that it came out cold. Not like NOT-steaming hot, not luke warm but actually cold. It was super packed and right at lunch time, just before noon so I would have expected it to be piping hot.I will try the Italian cold cut and may update this review to a more favorable one. For now, color me unimpressed.
4	I have loved Defalco's for years. They have a terrific Chicken Parm sandwich. And the canolli's are delicious.  I've tried several sandwiches at lunch and nothing disappoints.  They use Boar's Head meats and you can taste the difference.If you are coming to eat in, don't come around lunch time. It fills up fast. It has a tiny eating area (surrounded by the groceries: Italian canned foods, wines, specialty items), and a patio.  Order ahead and come with patience.  But it is worth it!
4	The second I landed in Phoenix, this was the first recommendation I received from the locals. I had heard about Defalco's from Diner's, Drive-Ins, and Dives on Food Network so I knew I had to at least walk into the place. It wasn't until literally the last hour I had a rental car in Phoenix that I was able to stop in. If you've read my review for Kramrcyk's in Minneapolis, MN then you should have guessed that I ABSOLUTELY loved Defalco's! It's just what I was hoping it would be - cozy, inviting, authentic, family-owned, and a personality that could only have evolved through generations of experience.When you first walk in you are greeted by shelves and shelves of Italian goodies and a meat counter. I noticed a very diverse group of customers sitting all around the restaurant section of the store which was a great indicator that the food was likely muy delicioso. I was a little overwhelmed with the menu selection because there were so many items but went with the beef cheesesteak because it was the most yelped about option.Let me just say that THE CHEESE STEAK DID NOT DISAPPOINT. It probably would have been the best sandwich I have ever had if pickled jalapenos would have been thrown in there. The beef was tender, well seasoned, not too salty, not too bland, just perfect. The mushrooms were grilled long enough to be soft but still have a bite to them. The grilled onions were caramelized and tasted amazing with the melted cheese sauce drizzled on top of the sandwich. The bread was soft, fresh, and not too dense. For a sandwich that was probably 2000 calories, it felt like I had just eaten a light and refreshing meal. Parking is very easy, it's in a strip mall so spaces are ample. Prices are reasonable for a deli and service is fast. I definitely recommend this place if you find yourself in the greater Phoenix area aka, Scottsdale.
5	My mom and I stopped in at a weird off-time: a Monday afternoon around 2pm. About half the tables at the deli were occupied, which hints at how well-liked this place is! The young gentleman at the counter was very pleasant and acknowledged our presence right away. We ordered a roast portobello sandwich on sourdough, a cannolo, and a latte to go. All were DELICIOUS. The sandwich was hot, fresh, and flavorful; the latte was very tasty, not bitter; and the cannolo was excellent. We had a look around the grocery while we waited. Nice little place, and unlike other reviewers, we had lovely service. It's out of our way, but we'll definitely come back. Makes me happy to shop small/non-franchised businesses like this one!
2	Food Is above average for Arizona Italian food. Price isn't bad and decent value. The wait is the problem...I order food and it takes forever...I order to pickup and they are 30 min past the time they suggest...I tell them two hours in advance I am coming at 6pm and it's not ready to 620....come on....
5	I love this place! kind of weird to stand in a LONG, and I mean at lunch time it can be very LONG line that snakes through a grocery store, and then eat in the aisles, but you get used to it and then fall in love with the idea.
5	Real, true authentic Italian. I haven't had anything close to his authentic since I went to Italy last summer. Non pretentious and set up like an Italian supermarket you can buy pretty much all Italian delicacies. Affordable. By far one of my favorite places to go.
5	Great little deli!  The centurion stromboli was worth the trip, I'll be back to explore the menu and wine selection further the next time I'm in Phoenix.
5	I was going to be in Scottsdale today, and just happen to see an episode of triple D on DeFalcos, I went and I wasn't disappointed!  A real Italian deli.  It reminded me of Roma Imports in Tucson.  I took a calzone home with veggies and pepperoni.  The combination of mozzarella and ricotta cheese was unbelievable!  So stringy, and had the right combo of oils on it.  The pepperoni was the thin real Italian kind - all AMAZING.  They had a cute little market with good wine, and I found some canned clams that are hard for me to find.  I also bought some imported Italian pizza sauce for my next homemade pizza. The calzone took about 15 minutes, but the wait was worth it!
5	Il Purista sandwich is a simple sandwich that packs big flavor.
5	The Il Purista sandwich has become a staple of my life. Mozzarella, basil, prosciutto, roasted red peppers and balsamic vinaigrette blend into a front runner for the best sandwich in the valley. Goes great with sparkling water or a beer. DeFalco's also has other Italian fare such as a delicious meatball sub and classic pastas.
5	One of the best Italian grinders I've experienced. Bread and ingredients are super fresh. Hard to go wrong eating in a Italian grocery store. Great staff as well.
4	My first visit to Defalco's did not live up to my expectations.Ordering food at the counter is sufficiently quick and orderly.  Though, I had to ask how I was going to receive my food, because there is nothing to imply they will deliver it to your table.I guess they simply remember your face or something.Within a few minutes, my order was delivered to my table outside on the patio, but I still had to convince the young man that, yes, I ordered a half meatball AND a half cheesesteak.  Sheesh.  Don't judge me!The sandwiches come with a small pepper on the side.Both were very good, but I have some complaints.  The meatball wasn't as warm as I would have preferred and the bread they use makes their sandwiches difficult to eat, especially the meatball.The bread they choose to use is big, flaky, crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside, Italian bread.  I don't like it.I hate trying to maneuver my mouth around a sandwich that is obviously too big, so my only choice is to flatten, mold, and manipulate the bread to where it is edible.Doing this invariably creates a meatball mess, because the bread is not properly designed to contain meatballs and marinara sauce.  Though, cutting it up into smaller portions seemed to work.The cheesesteak was delicious, but the one-note, repetitive flavor became overwhelming towards the end.  I think it was the cheese they use.  It overpowers everything else and diminishes all of the other elements to an imperceptible degree.  I couldn't even taste the onions and green peppers.  The meat was also barely perceptible.  Too much cheese, I guess.Though, I did appreciate the fact that I could squish the cheesesteak without making a mess, which was the complete opposite of the meatball.Overall, Defalco's is still a great place, but personally I prefer Casella's.
4	Defalco's is half Italian grocery store and half restaurant. The ambiance is very authentic. I had the Italian sausage sandwich which was the featured item on the "Diners Drive Ins and Dives" episode. It was pretty good but nothing too special. I also had the penne with vodka sauce and I thought that was better than the sandwich. On the side I ordered a meatball to have with the pasta and that was good as well. For dessert, I had a cannoli which was great. I also had the chance to talk to the owner who was also in the "Diners Drive Ins and Dives" episode and he seemed like a genuine guy. Overall, great experience and can't wait to come back to try more items on their menu.
3	Nobody working here speaks Italian so I don't know how much of an Italian grocery it is. Chicken Parmesan was good. Meatball Pasta was over cooked. The sauce wasn't pasta sauce, but pizza sauce. It had too much rosemary and oregano.
5	I was disappointed to find that the antipasto salad that I ordered and picked up on my lunch break didn't have any olives.  I called to let them know and the person that I spoke to thanked me for letting him know.  He offered to replace my salad on a different day.  I really appreciated the customer service recovery and I will continue to recommend them to everyone that I know!!!
5	Stopped in here on our way to Luminarias in the Garden at the Desert Botanical Garden. We had the grilled portobello sandwich and the caprese salad, both delicious. It was also happy hour, so we both got glasses of wine for $4! They have a great selection of pastas (like pappardelle, which I can never find!) and sauces. They even have muffuletta filling!! Friendly staff and plenty of seating on this Friday night at 6 pm!
5	Try the meatballs and wine; absolute flavor - including the ambience! If you want to pay more, check out downtown Scottsdale but it may not be as fun or as reasonable. This is a neighborhood gem.
5	Unbelievably Great! You can enjoy the smells from the time you pull up! Mmmmmmm!Great old school charm, wonderful food!
5	I see some bad bad reviews & to those people I say please don't go back you are crowding my favorite place to eat in the valley!! Some people just expect this 5 star service, but it's a deli not a restaurant! They are very busy!! If you want the best sometimes you have to wait!Everything is good you can't go wrong! And always very consistent for the last 20+ years I've been going there.Haters stay away!
5	Meatball, Mushroom Garlic Calzone is just so good.
5	Hey Paisan, This is as authentic as it is good. The deli sandwiches were delicious and the cannoli for desert was great.A wonderful selection of wines compliment the authentic Italian foods.We sat out on the patio which was very relaxing.Would highly recommend this place for anyone who'd like to go to Italia but can't afford the flight.
3	The food is delicious but the owner is a jerk. Went in to get some food and he was talking under his breath. My boyfriend then asked is something wrong but he continued with an attitude and talking under his breath saying obscene remarks we then left with him begging us to come back. It's too bad because the food is delicious but I will not go back no matter how good the food is.
5	Always good.  One of the best places to eat in the Phoenix area.  I always get the Purista, which has a generous helping of imported parma ham (prosciutto).  Get it with sliced sourdough so the amount of bread doesn't overwhelm the experience.  They have an excellent wine selection and much to choose from for imported Italian foods.  It gets busy, so plan ahead and bring someone with you to grab a table while you order.
5	Read the reviews above and below for explanation of awesomeness.
4	Best Italian food in town! You can't go wrong with chicken parmigiana pasta and if you are in a hurry get the chicken parmigiana sandwich!
