3	Sometimes you want steak, and you want better than Sizzler, but don't want to shell out the big bucks for Durant's or some such either. That's where Black Angus fits the bill. Two adults can get a decent slab of beef with all the sides, and your kid can get a meal too, for well under a bill. The staff here is always very smiley and nice, and we've never had much of a wait. Though we usually go at "off" times. We barely  beat the grey tide on Sunday, by arriving around 4pm.The decor is mellow and somewhat dim. The booths are freakishly tall, forming a comfy little cocoon to eat in. The piped in music isn't too horrible either -- usually consisting of some mellow 80s tunes and chill 90s rock.
4	I was craving a burger and figured with a name like Black Angus, theirs would meet my needs. I've had better burgers and I've had worse. I'd go back if I was in the are and heard the burger call again (I hear it often enough).As for the 4 stars, I was flittering between 3 and 4 (half stars Yelp! half stars!) ... Korina's 3 star rating seemed to be the decider for me. With our powers combined, we're at 3.5 - which is just about right.
3	Met a friend for dinner on Sat.  Once I threw back the door, it took a while for my eyes to adjust to the low level lighting.  I felt like I was entering an underground lair, that hadn't seen natural light since the roof sealed its fate many years ago....Despite the dim lights, all that really mattered was getting out of the heat.We were seated in the bar area where they had a few flat screens and a sound system playing 80s & 90s music softly in the background.  The place was pretty dead for a wknd, which meant that we received great service.   The bartender monitored our drink levels, inquiring about additional rounds when our glasses were near empty.  She even brought over replacement glasses from the cooler a few times for my mlite.As for the food, it was ok.  I had a crab cake that had a little too much mayo for my taste and baked potato soup which was pretty good.  I'd go there again but BA didn't make my top 10.  I appreciate great service, value, and ambiance and this place scored low on the ambiance factor.
2	Lunch service only. I swear my fellow diners at hospital canteens look in better shape than the  mass that "meats"  for late lunch at this location. This wasn't just a grey tide but a few human buoys had popped in too.   Please withhold the " don't be so judgmental"  holier than though attitude , this is a review site  after all.   Lately I have been working remotely ( or remotely working)  on the Friday so I've been going out on Fridays for lunch since it's all "new" to me.  The same places that I eat out at  in the evening often have vastly different characters during the day and  this Black Angus throws it into sharp relief.  For example at night I have never been served stale bread. At night they have  a wide range of ages , group sizes and noise levels  and  there's some life in the place. Chilis that just opened up nearby and seems to have kidnapped the life leaving   a quiet, genteel even , location that would be more fitting in the deep south when you don't have anything better to do. So far this is the only local place that  exceeded my hour. Food's ok ,  fitting with the  price range and  the burgers are well appointed,   cooked to request and  relatively  tasteful.  Fries tepid and it feels like the minimum  you have to do to keep the blue rinse and  Caddy driving class happy is all they are about when the sun is up.  The only thing hip about this place is the replacement joints.  Coffee seems to have been held on life support  and brought out when some unsuspecting fool that refuses to believe in coffee only being  a morning drug. Usually the surroundings  don't bug me but it felt like the Hometown Buffet  , which I can live with until you give me stale bread  past it's sell by date which  I fear may a fitting epitaph for this place within daylight hours
2	I am a steak lover but I must say this wouldn't be somewhere i would recommend. Our steaks were cooked wrong, had a pretty blah taste and we sat in the restaurant for 20 min before anyone asked us about drinks. The drinks were $9 and were supposed to be "top shelf" uh I thinks not. tasted very watered down and I decided to limit myself to one at that price to quality ratio. The only part of the experience that was worth while the observing the table sitting next to us. Listening to them bicker back and fourth and argue about what they were going to get was quite entertaining....... I would not recommend going there for anyone there is plenty of other options close by that will leave you satisfied
4	This is the place to go for an after work Happy Hour, family feast, birthday celebrations, etc.  We go there 8 times a year for only celebrating special birthdays.  Everyone loves the food and the service is great.  Take a table or a booth, either way, the atmosphere is very nice.  Try their special appetizer platters and if you like margarita's, try their on the rocks ones, really the best in town.
2	Service was horrible.  So bad we walked out.Took forever to get sodas and take order and then the food never came.What made it worse was it was my sisters B-Day.Oh well, we went to Culver's (http://www.culvers.com/about/default.aspx) instead.  It was GREAT!We have been to Black Angus many times.  We either go to this location or the one on that used to be on Camelback.  I've always like the food and it has always been a good value, but when you go out to a restaurant you're paying for service.  It's always been hit or miss with Black Angus.Anyway, I don't plan on going back anytime soon, at least not to this location.  Actually I was just looking at their locations.  For Central Phoenix, Metro Center is only location left.  So long Black Angus.  See ya, See ya, wouldn't want to be ya.
3	Updating my old post::This post is for the bar area, not the actual dining portion of the restaurant. I will not critique the menu or food, but will say that it is slightly expensive and nothing spectacular. If you are going to eat here, get the prime rib, it is delicious.The happy hour has changed from 1/2 price drinks to a tiered structure. Off hand, I know that bottles of beer and beers on tap are $3, but I do not know the other items. Beers on tap include Bud, Bud light, Coors Light, Samuel Adams Boston Lager, Bass Ale, Guinness stout, and shock top. The bar atmosphere is relaxing, and the staff is very friendly. They are converting the bar to something they call a "bulls-eye bar", which is focused on sports. They will have multiple TV's around the walls, and introduce a new bar menu for dinner. This isn't a bad place if you're looking to go somewhere nice.
2	Only thing good about this place was our waiter. The food was bland! I cook better at home, seriously. I had the grilled chicken entree with steamed broccoli and western rice. The chicken had NO flavor. They could at least put a spice rub or something on it. Just throwing plain chicken on a grill and serving it is not worth $14.99. The broccoli was ok and the rice tasted like nothing. They didn't put anything on the rice either. It just tasted like plain boiled rice. I asked to get a different side, he brought out garlic mashed potatoes. Tasted like instant mashed potatoes with no garlic flavor at all. So, the food was crappy and the price was way too high for the low quality. No thanks, won't be going back.
3	Solid filet mignon sandwich.. YUMMI. Nice decor.  Good service.  Will go again for lunch..
1	It's bad enough when you get poor service, but when the manager lies about sending the waitress home? That's just tacky. Two coworkers and I had dinner this evening at this location and will not be returning. Drinks (water and a beer) took a good ten minutes to arrive after our waitress took the order. Food was likewise slow- partly because she made a second trip to the table to re-write the orders again. When food did arrive, one buddy didn't get his steak. At all. It was comp'd but still...At the end, our waitress came by and asked about to go boxes, water, etc. She ignored the checks and cards on the edge of the table and left. I had to take the bills up front so we could pay and leave. .
2	I flew in from Philly, so by the time I got to my hotel, my body thought it was 10:30 and I didn't have dinner yet. There weren't many options for dinner, and olive garden wasn't going to cut it, so I came here. (long preface...I know)Drink to start: corona with a lime...easy right? The lime was stale and fell apart as I pushed it into the bottle. Next...glass of BV cab '09 - better, but the glass had major water marks on it.I got a 6 oz filet with broccoli. I was pleasantly surprised, although the knife handle was broken. The "wood" was snapped at the bottom.The server was friendly and attentive. He called me sir at the end of every sentence, which made it awkward. Once or twice is okay, but 60 times in one hour is a bit much.
2	My mom was raving about the grilled artichoke app she had here & said my hubby & I had to join her & my dad for dinner sometime. We went on Friday night at 7:30. The place wasn't busy but it wasn't dead either. The decor is pretty dated & not really my style, but I did like the taller booths for added privacy. My dad started off with a martini (which is so unlike him), my hubby opted for an appletini, I decided to try the cowboy sangria & my mom got a virgin pina colada. The boys enjoyed their martinis (hard to mess those up), mom also enjoyed her pina colada & my sangria was pretty good (too many seeds from the blackberries though). My hubby & I also tried their cranberry iced tea, he didn't like it but I did & drank both of ours. The bread & butter they bring out is yummy, I believe it was a pumpernickel. For an app we tried the grilled artichokes my mom kept talking up (she even ordered 1 to have with her entree, so that's 3 total!). 3 halves came on 1 order with a couple mayo-based dipping sauces, all I tasted was the mayo so I didn't care for them. The artichokes were pretty good but the server who brought them out told us that they grill them ahead of time & then microwave them before they bring them out, ew. My parents shared the steak & lobster special, dad chose the 8oz top sirloin (med-rare) & upgraded to the 9-10oz lobster tail for $3 more. For sides they chose the wedge salad & baked potato. Hubby went with the steak & seafood & had the filet mignon (med) with fried shrimp, for sides he chose the wild rice & broccoli. I decided on the 6oz bacon wrapped filet mignon (med-rare), with the garlic mashed potatoes & broccoli. The lobster was bland & needed seasoning, the sides were all generic tasting & my steak was very rare (dad's was also but he enjoys bloody red, I prefer more of a pink). For dessert we all split the chocolate fudge cake. It was seriously enough for 6 people it was huge, but pretty good. Total (not including tip) was about $160, which isn't bad considering all the food & drinks we ordered, but the food was boring & tasteless. Service was great though, which is why I gave 2 stars, the food deserved only 1!
5	Decided to have a family dinner there Saturday night.  Got there at 5:00 with NO reservations for 9 people.  They were very accommodating and sat us in 5 minutes.  We had two waitresses watching over us and even though 2 in our party came in late and ordered after us, our meals came out at the same time.  Everyone in our party raved about the food.  Must say it was a great experience and we would not hesitate to go back SOON!
4	Went to the bar at Black Angus to have some drinks and pubbish food for my birthday.  (remember when it was called Square Cow Fun Bar and there was all you can eat buffet?  Me neither - but my mother does).Got three apps, six adult beverages for $30 - superfast service - also brought the warm bread (even though we didn't end up eating entrees).  Nice ambiance, squeaky clean, good prices and decent apps.  Will definitely be back! :)
4	My husband and I have been to this Black Angus about half a dozen times in the past year. The service is always excellent but the food has been hit or miss. It was a Friday night and he was craving a burger, but not the normal fast food burger, I wasn't. So we decided on Black Angus, close to the house and they have a kids menu.  It was about 6 and the restaurant was not busy, no wait..on a Friday..made us think here we go again..The hostess sat us quickly and the server said he would be right back, waited about 5 minutes and he came back to take our drink order. When he brings our drinks we order our entrees' the Steakhouse Burger, fries & garden salad for the hubs, 6 oz filet, loaded baked & garden salad for me, the child decided he wanted mac & cheese. Salads arrived quickly with the complimentary loaf of bread.  Salads were nothing to write home about but the bread was hot and fresh baked. Entrees' arrived shortly after. Husbands burger looked awesome and he said it tasted great. The fries were the average frozen type. My steak was cooked to perfection, hot and pink on the inside with the right amount of seasoning. The potato was picture perfect but could have used a tad more butter, the meal as a whole will get no complaints from me. The child's mac & cheese was classic Kraft's, he ate it eagerly waiting to get that sundae that comes with each kid's meal. The service was outstanding, we never had dirty dishes nor did our  beverages run dry. Our waiter was polite and made conversation. The food was above average. If Black Angus could nail it every time like they did on the last visit it would be a favorite on our list.
1	My daughter went here and ordered the sampler platter and is highly allergic to shrimp she asked to subsitute it for something else and they said no.  They could put it on the side.  I called the manager and they said it is not cost effective for them to do this.  I called corporate and they said they do not do substitutions and they have no way to ensure there is no cross contamination with products people are allergic to.  This is a scary thought.  I work in a restaurant and there is away to do it.  Please if you have allergies or medical issues and you are not able to have certain items do NOT go to any Black Angus.  This is there company policy.
4	Me and my father have had steaks here a couple times. Everytime we have had prompt, friendly service. Never a problem. The Filet Mignon is absolutely delectable, tender, and oh-so-flavorful. My father has Top Sirloin, which he also enjoys.With Asparagus and the sauteed Mushrooms & Onions - god, it is SOOOO GOOD!Recommend this place highly. However, the problem is that the prices are kinda steep, so it needs to be for a semi-special occasion. For very special occasions, Ruth's Chris Steakhouse is tops (and $$$$).
4	So I am on this calorie counting diet that works everytime for me.  Problem is not many places have the calories on the menu.  Well my cousin told me that Black Angus did, so here I am writing a review.  I cant even tell you the last time I have been to a Black Angus but it was a pretty good experience.  The calories for each entree was only on the lunch menu but that worked for me at the time.  I know that restaurants that have more than 20 locations have to start following his new guideline and I cant wait because I people need to be able to at least make better choices when they want to.  Enough preaching.....The atmosphere was nice, very clean (this is awesome for the metro area), the decor was comforting and most seats felt private with high seats, the service was great, and the food....well, i didn't order a ribeye like I would have at a high end steak house so just move on to the next review.  I had the teriyaki chicken breast (think it was 280 calories) with wild rice (350 calories but I only ate half), and the steak soup (120 calories believe it or not).  I figure I had a good size lunch for about 700 calories including drink.  Not bad at all and the whole meal was pretty good.  Cost me almost $20 with tip but its not like I went to McDonald's for lunch, right?
3	just okay
5	Nice decor, lots of tvs in the bar, Lisa and Dani provide THE best service, and I love that they offer different entree choices for different seasons on the outsert of the menu. You can count on your favorites still being there while looking forward to trying something new.
2	My family and I love Black Angus and had a large dinner spending approximately $100 on our meal.  We decided to enjoy the chocolate brownie with ice cream that my wife and I could share.  We had the two can eat for $39 ( Something Like That ) meal.Anyways, the big brownie comes out with a TINY scoop of ice cream.  I asked the waitress if we could get another scoop and she said that would be $1.50 additional.  I was like are you serious ? Our check is approximately $100.  She said it was the cost of food.No problem, I didn't ask for a manager because I am not going to argue about ice cream.  However, the waitress tip reflected her attitude and non-willingness to obliged.  She could have at least asked her manager about it.  Let him or her make the decision and don't give a lame excuse "It's the cost of food"Needless to say, we will not be dining at this Black Angus in the future.
5	Really good food. Get the deal for two, it's a really delicious meal for a decent price.
2	I think this place is kind of outdated and better steaks can be had at a lot of other places. We went there because we're mexican and we had a coupon. Seriously, we laught about it, old people and mexicans go there because we have a coupon. It's all about the coupon. We ordered the Chelada. Wow, pretty terrible. Leave the chelada making to a Mexican. Steak was actually not bad. Artichoke appetizer rocks. The waitress, who was twelve at the most, was the queen of the upsell, but she graciously gave us the birthday freebie cookie and ice cream. We left a good tip (20%, is that still considered good?). IMO, if you want a great steak, go to Firebirds.
2	First and last time eating here.  Service and atmosphere were great.  However, ordered the 14oz New York Strip steak.  After sawing off 13oz of gristle and fat the last ounce needed steak sauce to help out the taste.  Usually if I'm paying this much for a steak I number 1 don't want to have to carve out more than half of the steak in fat and gristle and 2 don't want to have to use steak sauce.  They don't serve Dr. Pepper or Mr. Pibb.  Who does that?  I believe Walmart sells better steak for a fraction of the price and they sell whatever beverage you would like.  Bottom line, this place is overpriced for the quality of food you receive.
5	You must get the loaded bake potatoes soup. Best I've ever had!!Black Angus is one of my favorite restaurants. They only have a few in Arizona so I take every chance I get to eat there. The appetizers, drinks, and entrees are great. The service at this specific Black Angus was also superb. Very friendly and quick. We were there for lunch so I believe he understood we had a time limit. The booths are nice and big so it is a great place for a big party.
5	Affordable luxury!  Our waitress (Jenny) was among the best waitresses we have ever encountered.  Food was excellent as always. The manager worked his way around the restaurant to ensure everyone was well taken care of.
2	Wow what a disappointment, both mine and my wifes steak were well under cooked, of course the waiter noticed mine right away and later came and took my wifes back. That completety ruins a meal when food is sent back. $60 tragedy.  Hadn't been to a Black Angus in years and won't be returning to this one. Too bad
5	We used to live close to this location and would come here often. Then we relocated and we come here like 1-2 times a year now.Coupon for Campfire Feast for 2 motivated us to come visit this past week.(Appetizer and dessert to share, and 2 entrees with 2 sides each, for $39.99, regular price $54.99)** I love the molasses bread : )* Appetizer sampler* Hubby had the filet and I had the New York stripThey had asparagus side available, and that is what I chose. I just wish waiters would let you know when something you order has an additional charge, the huge amount of 80 cents this particular time, Lol. But in all seriousness, they can say we have this and this and that, and for an additional charge we have 'X'.And the best surprise was the seasonal dessert, Gold Rush Apple Tart. I am not a big fan of apple desserts but the hubby is and that is what we ordered to share.To my surprise... it was delicious! I have not pinpointed it but I think cobbler like desserts taste like too sweet for me... and I usually have a taste but that is it.This one was amazing... just the exact level of sweetness, the bread had a really good consistency (it didn't crumble), I think it was almost crispy, so to my surprise it was my favorite part of dinner. And, as we were leaving, everyone that crossed our path thanked us for our visit. It was almost funny, because it was like 4-5 people. Hubby and I got to the car with a big smile and talking about it. "They must be very grateful we had dinner here today"Ah, we also liked that someone that seemed to be a manager stopped by our table when we sere putting our dinner plates aside and starting our dessert... he was very friendly and very hands on, he helped our server clear our table.Well done, sir.   : )
3	The beer prices are ridiculously high. Cost is $7 for 25 oz draft beer!!  I am a coupon keeper and had one for Black Angus. Unfortunately I forgot it  but Tony (our bartender/server) had some extras and we got the lunch "special" for $7.99 each. WITH a coupon discount food prices were comparable to other places' prices.  We won't eat here WITHOUT a discount. Hubby had French dip, that he said was good. When I asked him he said it was as good as where we usually eat. (Gallaghers) I had chicken,avacado,&bacon sandwich that was pretty good too. We were looking for Buzztime Trivia (as always) and wanted somewhere different. We come here maybe once every 2-3 months.
5	Great bar. Lots of tv's for sports. Fantastic Steaks!
4	Love Black Angus and this is the location in my neighborhood.  Anytime we go the place is nice and comfortable, good service, great food....a nice place to have dinner.
5	We stopped by here for dinner because we were in the neighborhood, we didn't have a coupon but once there I checked my email and found a Coupon for Campfire Feast for 2 (Appetizer and dessert to share, and 2 entrees with 2 sides each, for $39.99, regular price $56 I think)I love the molasses bread. We had the appetizer samplerHubby had the filet and for $3 more I had the Ribeye (I had not noticed the extra charge, but our server Jenni let us know in advance)I had the wedge salad and green beans (turns out I like green beans, lol) Their seasonal dessert this time was something like white chocolate raspberry cheese cake, that in case you are not a big fan of chocolate, comes with a chocolate crust. It was really good.Our servers were great, I do not remember the name of the young man but the girl's name was Jenni.
5	We had a Campfire Feast coupon for $40; which was a great deal so we decided to go on a Friday night for date night.The food, service and atmosphere was fabulous at Black Angus. I took reviewers advice and ordered the baked potato soup and it was awesome as promised! Teriyaki chicken was delightful, as was the cowboy sangria. My man had prime rib which tasted great and came still mooing just like he likes, with a great au jus and hot raw horseradish. We finished with the chocolate chip cookie which was gooey and delish. Overall, it was a fantastic meal and we will be going back again soon.
1	We went for my mothers birthday and it seemed like our waitress didn't care about our table but the table across from us she gave a lot of attention to. We felt and ignored and we won't be coming here again. If I could give zero stars I would.
5	Great place for that special sit down dinner. Great food and friendly staff make for a enjoyable time.
4	It's a nice change from some of the other steak houses. I enjoy the privacy booths immensely especially when I don't want to here other people's conversations. The steaks are good and not bad prices.
2	Meh..  stopped by to grab a quick bite for dinner. Sat at the bar, and the service was average. The entire restaurant was getting orders filled at the bar, and that caused the bar service to suffer. I ordered a 14 OZ NY strip that was supposedly dry aged at least 29 days etc etc....it was average. About a step below Outback, and a step above Sizzler. The baked potato and salad, along with a coke cost about $32. I think that is way too high. To be fair, Arizona steaks are never really that great, even at the high end places in Scottsdale.  There were only about 2 -3 salads on the menu, no real healthy menu, and no specials. I am tired of all these chains claiming to be "steak houses"......far from it.
2	Seems like each time we go to this Black Angus it gets worse and worse. The service has always been slow but at our last visit it took 2 hours for dinner. The portions keep getting smaller and the staff is less than helpful. Flagging someone down for drink refills and to pay our bill is unacceptable especially considering the cost of the dinner.
1	What can I say other than I had a far from satisfactory experience at this particular Black Angus Steak House. Now I am not speaking for other branches of this establishment because In the past I have been to some pretty good ones as far as chain steak houses go.Let me preface this entire review by saying that this particular Black Angus was not in any way crowded on this Thursday Evening. Me and my family arrived at around 8:30pm as a party of 4 and were one table of maybe 15 in the entire establishment.Before we could even sit down a waitress dropped a tray of about 6 waters all over the floor right in front of our booth and instead of cleaning any of it up... simply decided to just walk away and leave the mess because hey.... ice just melts anyways right.We ordered drinks and appetizers which I will say came out in a timely manner. Then we ordered our meal at around 8:45 and we didn't receive our meals until 10:00pm in the 1/8 full dining room on a slow thursday night. To further insult the evening the steak I had ordered came with a bleu cheese and bacon topping on it and I opted to not have the bleu cheese and keep only the bacon. So after waiting nearly an hour and a half for my meal, guess what my entire steak with smothered in... yes bleu cheese. Not to mention the fries and mashed potatoes I ordered as my side came and were so old looking and heat lamp cooked that I did not dare touch them.The service was worse than horrible and for absolutely no reason what so ever because it was not at all crowded or busy that night. I was in town for business and my family just so happens to live in Phoenix so I thought it would be nice to have a nice dinner with them one night... and that did not happen. I and no one else in my family will return.Also a helpful tip for anyone reading this review. There are 3 count them three establishments in a row before you ever get to black angus that serve steak. Texas Road House, a sports bar and grill, and my favorite steak house chain Long Horn SteakHouse. Do yourself and your dining guests a favor and choose from one of those establishments, so you don't end up wasting time and money at this black angus.
4	Went here on a pretty busy Saturday night and was lucky to get in with a few mins wait. I ordered grilled chicken and I was able to pick two sides. The green beans were amazing! More than amazing, like I can't stop thinking about them and I will go back for just that reason. They were seasoned with pepper and covered in bacon mmmmmmm. Please try them!! You will thank me later.
1	Came to this Black Angus on a Saturday afternoon the other week. This particular steakhouse is located right next to two other steakhouses, Longhorn and The Texas Roadhouse, please save yourself and go to either of those. Black Angus is able to seat about 500 customers, there were maybe 20 people scattered when we arrived. The waiter was rude and took his sweet time. The appetizers we were able to try were below par and not worth what we paid. It finally came to the point where we had to cancel our order because we had to leave. The person with me physically had to raise his hand to get anyones attention. And even then our waiter waived our hand down and made us wait 10 more minutes before asking us what we needed. What was he doing in those 10 minutes you may ask? Counting tips with another waiter, right in front of all of the customers. Rude, slow, and unprofessional. I've never had such a horrible experience at a steakhouse.
4	I guess we come here a little 2 often, I started this review on 1/10, and by the time I am coming back to finish it, we were there one more time already.I noticed a Longhorn opened next door and for a moment I got worried that would impact this Black Angus location but they in fact seem to be even busier.Time 1 Darren was our server, and everything went well, other than some mishap because they charge for refills on some of the flavored teas (pomegranate, cranberry, etc) Which it would be OK if they gave fair notice, or at least served them in a different (read fancier) glass so you can get the hint...Second time our server was a very nice young lady (don't remember her name, will add it If  I find the receipt) and food was good as always, but everything was terribly slow because they were shorthanded in the kitchen.Well, our server apologized plenty of times, and she was very attentive, it is just that everything took so long that we would finish and had to wait for the next course (appetizer, bread, salads, main course, dessert).We spoke to the manager and then he explained and gave us a small discount even though we insisted it was not necessary. Oh well, it happens. We understand, and probably will be back soon enough : )
5	I've been coming to this location well over 25 year and this place is still a great place to eat a great Prim Rib dinner.  Service is always top notch.  Their bread is incredible and not to mention their Caesar salads.  They are huge and so good!  Keep up the great work guys!
5	Had a small birthday party celebration.  Our waitress Rebecca was absolutely great and added to a wonderful experience.  Food was top notch.
1	Absolutely terrible service and mediocre (at best) food. Arrived here at about 7:50 PM on a Monday night. The place was somewhat busy, all with people watching the final March Madness game. The game ended, and all but two tables (other than ours) left. After the game ended, the ambiance was very awkward. It was near silent and the pop music playing on the PA system over the dining area was clashing with the country music that was playing at the entry-way. We were seated, and a waitress came (I think her name was Brieana) and took our drink orders. Nearly 10 minutes later, a different server came to drop our drinks off. Then, another 10 minutes later, she came to take our orders. My boyfriend and I both ordered the build your own burger with some of the cheesy garlic bread as an appetizer. We were not asked how we wanted our meats cooked either. When we told her what we wanted, she sort of rolled her eyes at us both. Most likely because she figured we were both just two kids not ordering the higher-dollar menu items (even though they nickel and dime you for EVERY item you put on your build your own burger). From then on, we waited. And waited. And waited. Very rarely did she come out to bring us drink refills, and when she did, she left the empty glasses at the table. 30 minutes from the time we ordered, we asked the manager to bring us some bread. But, it seems as if this restaurant has an all around failure to communicate, because as soon as he left our waitress brought the bread out, followed by the manager who brought us another loaf. After the complimentary loaves were brought out, our cheesy garlic bread came. It was probably the best part of the meal, and that's saying quite a bit considering that you get about 5 1-inch slices of soggy, greasy bread. Not worth $5.99.We left a couple of pieces of the garlic bread on the plate it was served on, and stacked all of the other plates that were now empty on the corner of our table to make room for our food that would hopefully be arriving soon (again, refer to photos). The one busser in the entire restaurant came by and took our plate with the pieces of garlic bread on it, and left all of the empty plates. Why on earth would you take the food AWAY from the table and leave the dirty plates? Makes no sense whatsoever. So essentially, we got 3 pieces of garlic bread for $5.99... 20 minutes from the time we got our bread, our food arrived (nearly an hour after we were seated). The bun of the burger was hard, as if it was sitting under a food lamp all day. The burger was charred. I like my meat as rare as it gets, and would assume that if the waitress didn't ask how we wanted it cooked that it would come cooked medium. Apparently not. It was like a hockey puck. The tomatoes served on the side were mealy and seemed nearly rotten. The coleslaw was warm, and the fries also seemed like they were cooked under a heat lamp all day. Not once did the waitress come by to check on us during the meal service, nor were any of our dirty plates cleared. By the end of our meal service, we had stacks of plates and seven empty glasses sitting on our table (refer to the photos). She dropped off our check at around 9:10 PM. I immediately placed my card in the book, as I wanted to leave as soon as possible. She walked past it nearly 10 times, and at 9:25 or so finally picked it up. She came to bring by drink refills during this period, but left so quickly that we couldn't even hand her the bill. Her tip was an absolute reflection of her service. She most likely had the idea that we were just two college-aged kids who were going to tip poorly anyhow. But, if she was more attentive, did her job correctly, or even checked on us once more during the meal service, she would have gotten more than a mere 10% (and that was generous considering her attitude). Serving isn't that difficult in a nearly empty restaurant, sweetheart.
4	Good old-fashioned family steakhouse. Steaks and prime rib cooked perfectly to order, very good sides, huge dinner salads. Very attentive waitstaff, almost too attentive. Interestingly, this place has a huge bar area adjacent which has its own yelp review area! The fact that this place can survive with two larger chain steakhouses within walking distance is a testimony to the quality of its food.
3	This place is the epitome of mediocre which in this case is not necessary bad. You know that you need to go in with low expectations but your wallet won't be hurt.Service is hit an miss but today I had a great waitress. Alex was awesome (and she's gorgeous, so it can't go any better service wise per my opinion).I've tried several dishes and most of them are pretty decent.So if you're driving around and nothing in the area sounds good to you, here you know what you're going to get. And if you're super lucky, you might have Alex as your waitress :)Cheers
4	Back again. You can never go wrong with the Campfire special, particularly when you have a coupon. ($39.99 for appetizer, 2 entrees and dessert)Our favorite server Jenni was not in : (Service was good, food was as expected : )
4	Ate here for a family birthday and I was pleasantly surprised.  The food was very good and the customer service was excellent!  Our waitress Dani kept our glasses full and brought several rounds of delicious bread.  I'll definitely be back.
1	Had not been to a black angus in a long time and was near by and went in for dinner. We got the pork chops and garlic mashed potatoes and union rings. The only thing with any flavor was the onion rings. The potatoes were flavorless crap. I'm never going back. You can get a much better meal at Waffel House
3	I gave it three stars because of the slow cook times, in spite of there being very few people initially. BUT! The manager was very friendly!Our steak was excellent
5	Every time we come here (and there have been plenty over the years), the experience is great. The Campfire Feast is a good deal, made even better by the frequent coupons that show up in the mailbox. Weird thing about this locator is that it's directly next door to 2 other steak places now. Still my best pick though, hands down!
1	Horrible service. We ordered apps, salad, meal and dessert. Not ONE plate was ever removed after finishing the courses. We had to just keep stacking them off to the side to make room for the next portion of our meal. Drinks were not filled promptly. It wasn't until we were sucking on ice cubes before the waitress even asked if we wanted more. They asked us if we wanted dessert before we were even halfway done with our entree. Clearly there were rushing us out of there even though the place was mostly empty.Check was incorrect. Our coupon was not removed. And the waitress stood over me while I was totally out the tab (apparently to see what her tip would be).Food was average. Nothing that would override the horrible service.The best part? As we were leaving the hostess asked "Was everything ok?" and I said, "Actually no, the service was awful" to which she replied "Well, I hope you have a good night anyway!"Really? There are three steakhouses all in a row at Metrocenter. You'd think you'd want to stand apart from the crowd. We'll do Longhorn next time.
