4	Best dance club I've been to during my visit.  They were spinning the most amazing top 40 hits, and is a great place for people watching.  All the men an women were gorgeous, and all spoke in their native French (I am a girl from California, so I was quite amazed by this).   Although below freezing, dames were dressed to the nines with bare stilleto-ed legs , and hommes looked suave like Pitt or ghetto fabulous like P-Diddy.  TV screens adorned the ceilings with music videos, and bright purplish white lights lit up the stage as we danced the night away.  After working up a sweat, I break to the ladies room to freshen up, and find that they even have a hair straightener you can use for $2 for 90 seconds. I wouldn't use it if I were you-- beware of germs!It isn't a huge club with tri-levels or decked-out with luxurious drapery or fixtures, but they sure make up for it with the caliber of party-goers and vivacious music.  I will definitely be back.
2	I took a risk on a random club and came out disappointed. First off - the club definitely attracts a very young crowd. I'm 24 and I'm fairly certain I was the oldest one there. So if you're in the 18-21 age range, I would bookmark this Yelp page as a place to check out. The girls were cute, and the guys were a bit on the douchey side. Cover was $10, drinks were about average price. The music seemed to be the Montreal top 40...  not any top 40 I've ever heard (being from Miami)The space itself was awkward, hard to get by when crowded and hard to walk on with the floor being so sticky.If you're an especially young, local clubgoer I could see this place being fun. Otherwise - no.
1	Blarg.I'm still young, but I was too old for this place. Bad music, too many people and no ambiance, unless you include the girls puking outside on the street. They charge cover and I don't know why because you couldn't pay me to go here.
3	Looking for a place to party on New Year's Eve can be pretty overwhelming. There's no shortage of websites and posters flaunting VIP open bars and bottle service. To me, reviews seemed worthless since it seems like most bars and restaurants take on a whole, new persona when it comes to a night as crazy as New Year's Eve.We settled on Radio Lounge Montreal, since the photos suggested it had a modern feel and the music selection for NYE matched our tastes. When we arrived, we told the doormen that we were ordering bottle service. Surprisingly, they weren't rude at all and tracked down the manager within minutes. He greeted us warmly and gave us a tour of each floor, inviting us to take any table that was open. Was the place as modern as the pictures? In some areas yes, in some no. The lighting was interesting, with flashing hues of hot pink and green. Some of the tables were in places so dark that I wouldn't have felt afraid to sit down without a towel underneath my tush. We settled on a seat on the top floor, overlooking the dance floor.The manager introduced us to our server. Again, since it was New Year's Eve, I had prejudices in stores. I figured the servers would be tired and annoyed for working on a holiday evening. I couldn't be more wrong - our server was a sweetheart! Very attentive, helpful and friendly.The music for New Year's Eve sounded good and loud, with music videos playing on panels on the wall and lighted tiles synched to the rhythm. Some other reviews said that the place was full of very young people, but my group was aged 24-30 and didn't feel any different from anyone else there. The stripper poles got a little crowded at times, and there was several times where I wished there was a security guy available to peel off the sweaty bros trying to mass-hump a group of 16 girls, who were all trying to hang onto the same greasy pole. Overall, not a bad choice for New Year's. I'm not in love with it, but it wasn't disappointing and we had a good time.
1	Urgh. Douchebag bouncer(s). It was the second last night I and a few friends would be in Montreal, and we made the mistake of wasting our time with this place. My friend registered for the guestlist that would ensure we could get in with no cover, which was awesome. Unfortunately, the bouncer was a total tool. Sensing we were newbies, he wouldn't let us in unless we paid the cover, EVEN THOUGH HE FOUND US ON THE LIST. We weren't terribly under-dressed, drunk, or rude, yet both he and the woman inside tried to scam us into paying as much as we could to party in their generic club. No thanks.
3	I can't accurately review this place as it's been three years since my last visit.The place is for young people. Loud music, drunk youths going hysterical on the dance floor... It was my first clubbing experience and I really enjoyed it. My friends and I went as a group and got us a booth.Loved it, but probably not going back again :)
