4	I was eager to check out this brand new coffee shop, having watched it's slow construction for the last six months every day on my commute to work.  Finally, it opened this week and I was happy to stop in this afternoon.The shop isn't particularly large, but there's a table or two.  They offer free wi-fi, so I imagine someone will want to enjoy their latte there and surf.  Lots of coffee and tea-related  items for purchase, and a nice, large condiment bar to tweak your cup of java to your particular taste.  There's also a drive through that I imagine will get lots of use in the mornings.The menu was surprisingly varied - better than the website makes it seem.  The heart of the Saxby's drink menu is all their syrups and such to make their "specialty" coffee drinks: hot, iced or blended.  I purchased two blended drinks: a "British Islander" (Macadamia Nut, English Toffee and White Chocoalte) and a combination of their "Milky Way" (chocolate and caramel) and "Mexican Mocha" (chocolate and cinnamon.)  Both were excellent - better than I expected, as I don't tend to like caramel or cinnamon syrups.The staff was nice (obviously some of them are still learning) and eager to try their hand at making new drinks.  The barista offered to add more cinnamon after I tasted mine.I'm looking forward to trying more items off the menu - I'm sure this place will become my regular coffee shop!
4	Very friendly atmosphere. WiFI is good for my customers too! Nice neighbors... I'm just behind them at the cell phone shop, Yes of Course.  My fav is the wild berry smoothie. Us too were anticipating thier arrival.
4	Where everybody knows your name, la, la, la... & they're always glad you came... Well, at this coffee joint - they call me by name & they know my order... Sweet!  After having a few bad ones at Starbucks (no offense) - I decided to try someplace new... Not bad, not bad!  Friendly service - a good Cup O' Joe!  Let me not forget - Wi-Fi... & it's Drive-thru accessible... especially when you drive up at 6am & it's kinda cold outside... nice detail!
5	Everyone who works there is so nice!!  The service is great, and they don't care if you hang out there for hours and drink only one cup of coffee.  I had problems with wireless at home and worked there for several days. Plenty of places to sit and plug in your laptop.  Free WiFi.  They really appreciate your business and do everything possible to make certain you're satisfied with your order.  Great place to meet friends - it's comfortable - impeccably clean - and you feel welcomed.
3	We stopped in here on a Friday night about 30 minutes before close. The staff seemed very nice, to each other. No eye contact with us as customers. I was a bit put off, but the coffee is decent. They do offer a wide variety of items to add to your drink so that you can adapt it to your personal taste. We sat outside on the patio (my friend is a smoker) and the traffic wasn't overly loud. Not a bad spot to stop.
4	I was here Friday afternoon. Had their blended mocha drink and my wife got the caramel blended. It was 10X better than Starbucks. The manager was so nice, when a bunch of middle school kids came in, about 8 of them, she told them to behave and they did their best. Kids will be kids. She then offered them some free baked goods since she said she made extras. I think that was really nice of her. Thanks so much for the free Wi-Fi, since we were visiting from L.A. my wife was able to get a lot of work done via her laptop. This is now my permanent coffee stop when I'm in Vegas. And I would spread the word here in L.A.
4	Pros:-Very friendly environment-Chill place that isn't very busy- Large variety-Free wifi-Cheap prices for good qualityCons:-Limited number of seats next to an outlet to plug in laptops-EARLY closing time
4	Good coffee .....but the problem is this place is kinda far from my house...
4	My husband and I try to stop in once a week for breakfast.  He always has the iced White Chocolate Mocha Latte.  I'm obsesed with their Cinnamon Chai Tea Latte!  We have a toasted everything bagel.  Both of us look forward to our weekly breakfast!  Sometimes we even go a couple times on the weekend too!  I used to try a different latte everytime.  (I'm just stuck on the chai right now!)  They have tons of flavors.  It's really nice because they have a lot of sugar free flavors too.  As for food, they have bagels, muffins and breakfast rolls.  I'd love if they got breakfast sandwiches too! Drive thru is super convenient but it's nice inside if you're looking for a meeting place.  They have outdoor seating if you want to bring along your dogs too!Just a heads up...there's only 1 person working around 6am...she has to wait on people in the shop and the drive thru.  Maybe have to wait a couple extra minutes.
4	Updated review.This is a nice cafe with an independent vibe. If you enjoy syrup with your coffee, the selection of syrups are remarkable.   It APPEARS that refills are free. It was for me on my three consecutive visits. And they were with syrup.   If the baristas were being overly generous, then I was lucky three straight times. Regardless of whether or not the coffee refills are free or not, the coffee is outstanding. Especially with syrup!   I enjoy the cafe itself. There is a versatility of seating arrangements. There is a couch, tables, and a mini library. If you are into drinking coffee, and taking in a distant view of the Strip, the north facing seats are the place to sit.   If you are a coffee drinker who cherishes an outstanding selection of syrups, I recommend Saxby's.
5	Great place and service.
5	My best friend and I always try to start our day with Saxby's coffee.  They know our order as soon as we walk through the door.  The girls love Nicole's dogs, Lola and Riley!!  It's a very chill place to start your day at!  I'll keep coming back!!  :)
5	Saxby's has a great selection of drinks, free wifi, and friendly baristas. I'd highly recommend this Saxby's!
5	Love this place. So relaxing and welcoming. I usually go to Starbucks because I'm often in my laptop but this place beats Starbucks in overall atmosphere and they also have free wifi:)!
5	I love the calm and relaxing vibe. This place has very helpful staff. They are friendly and take great care in making your drink exactly the way you or I want it. They have the best chi tea. Its a great place. The new owner is always around and she makes sure everyone is getting the best possible service.
5	Awesome coffee shop. Friendly people. Great coffee. Fast wifi. I spent the whole afternoon here working and drinking coffee.... can't say enough good things about this place. I will be back.
5	I just tried "the trio" frozen blended. I'm calling this the trifecta. Amazing blend white chocolate, macadamia nut and toasted marshmallow. It's so good!
5	This place is the best!  We LOVE, LOVE, LOVE it!  Great coffee, great people, and excellent service.   We try to come several times a month.
