5	Being the owner of a rescued furry friend I had to start from scratch with basic training for my new found family member. I was having difficulty with 'Wolfie" as he  did not know how to walk on a leash and he didn't trust men. Any chance he would get he would try to nibble on any male body that came close. This was an issue when I took him to the park. Another dog walker who had used Naughty Dog training suggested I contact Jeramy to do an evaluation--and I did. What a lucky day for Wolfie when he met his trainer. I was impressed all around. On the first day Jeramy had determined that Wolfie's past life was not the best and that he needed time to trust people again. Jeramy set up a training program --best suited to Wofie and it wasn't long until he became the great dog that he is today. Naughty dog training has the hands on caring ways to turn any dog around. Wolfie's listening skills are as sharp today as when he completed his training. He knows all commands taught by Jeramy. I just cant say enough positive things about this training program. I have also used the Boarding services when out of town. It gives me peace of mind to know my dog is in good hands. Today, Wolfie enjoys being a happy go-lucky carefree dog in the park. He doesn't even notice a male body go by----Thank you Naughty Dog for providing the love & guidance for my best friend. You deserve all the business that comes your way.
5	Board and Training was great got up to date on how the dog was doing and showing us how to reinforce that training answered all are question showed us what type of dog would best suit are life style great trainer
5	I noticed Jeramy in our dog park and liked the way he handled a dog in training. He set up an appointment and presented the package best suited to my dog's needs.Emma needed to calm down when people came into my home. Her excitement always got the better of her. She didn't listen well and forgot her manners. After a few sessions with Jeramy, she turned into being a well behaved dog and handled visitors to the house in a totally different way.I had purchased shoes for her to wear on her walks to prevent her paws from getting burned on the hot Arizona asphalt. Just couldn't get her used to walking in them and Jeramy mastered that on the 2nd walk. He also got her adjusted to wearing her cooling vest while outside.I would highly recommend Naughty Dog training. If you want a happy and well trained dog---this is as good as it gets!I have not used their boarding service yet but plan to do so in September when I'm out of town.
5	My girlfriend and I have 2 rescued dogs that were in need of some training! Our lab mix had major socialization issues - she was very timid, especially of men and other dogs. We knew that she wouldn't do well in group training, so I found Jeramy on Yelp, and based on his great reviews, we thought we would give him a try. It was totally worth it!!!! Our lab has come such a long way in just the 5 sessions with Jeramy. She has totally come out of her shell and has become so much more obedient. We had thought our other dog, a yorkie minpin mix, would be difficult to train as she is incredibly bossy and too smart for her own good. Well, our little bossy terrier mix totally transformed and was a rockstar when it came to basic obedience commands. We were amazed when Jeramy was able to show us various training techniques based on the individual dog. What worked for our lab, didn't necessarily work for our terrier mix, and Jeramy was able to cater to each dog's learning style. I would recommend Jeramy to anyone looking to train their dogs. Don't waste your money going to pet store training classes, Jeramy is the real deal and will teach you and your dogs everything you need to know in just a few short weeks!
