5	Excellent food, great doughnuts and a wonderful espresso and late.  I hope to make this cafe a regular haunt. Definitely worth the visit.
4	The food was absolutely amazing here. The wait for the food, however, was a bit disappointing. The staff was super friendly, they just need to hire a few more people.
1	Mediocre food. Terrible service. -slow and rude. Not worth the incredibly long wait for them to prepare despite empty restaurant. Way better vegan, gluten free places in Montreal. There is a reason neighbouring  restaurants like green panther and crudescence are crowded but cafe verdure sits empty. Should have trusted my instinct and avoided. Do not recommend. Can' t imagine this place remaining in business very long.
5	So glad this place is next to school and work. It's awesome to find a place that cares about food as much as they do at Cafe Verdure. It is what drives them to create great food that is Vegan, sugar free, gluten free and organic. I have yet to try an item on the menu that I did not enjoy. One of my favourites is definitely the pizza with the tomato sauce. Amazing.
4	For an organic, vegan, sugar-free and gluten-free place (the first time I went, I was like, "so what ingredients DO they use?), this cute cafe is really good! The food has an Indian fusion, and their gluten-free bread is very fresh and not dense like others. I've had two of their burgers, which were quite good but is more of a knife-and-fork type of classy burger. The last one I had was a potato patty with a pungent mango cilantro sauce that wasn't to my greatest liking. Their donut is amazing, although it's more like a muffin shaped into a donut, but still soft and yummy. Their waffle was very solid, with amazing cashew cream, but a little extra maple syrup we requested cost us a surprising amount!Inexpensive on the whole for what it is, and cute, relaxing interior.
5	Delicious sweets! Cupcakes are a definite standout. Moist, rich, sweet, more heartbreakingly intense than your ex-boyfriend. Donuts that embrace your mouth lovingly. And, you can feel relatively guilt-free and light all day long, even after indulging!The people who work here are incredibly sweet too. Are they sugar-free as well? Wow!
5	Really great food especially gluten free items without the worry of cross- contamination.
5	Visited Montreal with my 10 year old who has celiac disease. She has to eat gluten-free.  Everything is GF!!  The owner is wonderful. Food is delicious. My daughter fell in love with the bagels.  We even bought some to eat on the way home to New Jersey.
