4	As good as it gets for schwarma in Waterloo.   Love the hummus and the pita chips as well. This is their new restaurant which is much nicer than their original location at University and Phillip. They bring out fresh pita bread when you eat in and it is great. Everything we had was very good. The service is a bit rough but they are still in their soft opening so all is forgiven Great new location for Al Madina.
5	The other day I picked myself out a treat for lunch. The amazing chicken shawarma at Almadina. I felt like I died and went to heaven. The hummus is a good group. It's just that good. And the fresh made right before your eyes, pita is amazing. The food here is always a amazing event for the eyes and taste buds.
4	Been here many times & absolutely love the food!! The unlimited fresh pitas with garlic humus is excellent & worth the dine-in experience if u are prepared for poor service! Don't get me wrong, food is always great, but service is always poor. You can go when it's busy, when it's quiet, they always manage to forget to bring water, bills. Well worth the food! Choose take out if u want good service.
2	Food is great but service is consistently horrible. To the point where it's actually humorous how bad it can get....come with patience for dine in or even a take out pickup
3	The food here is yummy-- shawarma plates are pretty big and their fresh pita with the garlic sauce is probably my favorite part of the meal. However, their service is a little lacking and for their prices, it isn't worth it for us to come and have dinner there.
2	Tried this place last night as I recently seem to crave nothing but middleeastern food on the weekend. In short - I was disappointed. The process of ordering takeout when there were 5 other customers in the restaurant at the time was far more painful than it should have been. I obeyed the sign upon entering and headed straight to the order desk as I was just there for some sunday night takeout. There was another gentleman in front of me in line who seemed to be arguing over some aspect of price or the menu with the cashier, but i had time and was willing to wait. After waiting for no more than 15 seconds the cook at the grill waved me over and asked me to tell him what i wanted, and that he would start cooking it as I waited to pay. I wasnt completely set on my order yet but he seemed in a hurry so I ordered the shawarma poutine and a beef shawarma wrap, both with extra garlic sauce. By this time the angry customer had left and i stepped up to pay. The attendant at the cashier looked down, away, seemingly not wanting to make eye contact with me. I told him that my food was already being prepared and i just had to pay. Before he could respond another attendant swiped the debit terminal away because apparently he needed it for the one table that was dining in at the time. Hey guys, maybe get another debit terminal? If you have a takeout counter and a 60 seat restaurant running you'll need more than one. I then paid the rude attendent at the cashier and was waiting for my food. Fairly quickly the cook waved me over again and said that the shawarma poutine came with hummus and he could give me garlic sauce instead but not both. I am sure they have a tub of the stuff in the back and didnt understand the stingyness but i obliged not wanting to be difficult. To be fair the food was cooked promptly and packaged nicely for takeout. The portions were good, however both the wrap and the poutine were very light on the shawarma itself! This poutine costed about 13 bucks so i rightfully expected a generous amount of meat. The fries in the poutine were not cooked long enough and were quite bland. The hummus and shawarma on top were delicious but in between that scrumptious layer and the bottom of this larger than life bowl was about 3 inches of subpar fries, plain chick peas and what i think were kidney beans. This aspect of it was almost hard to get through. As for the beef shawarma pita, the meat was quite good, the garlic sauce and veggies were plentiful, but there were wwaayy too many tomatoes. The top and bottom inch and a half of the wrap was almost purely quite soggy tomatoes. It is these types of things that i would have liked to have been aware of, but the awkward menu board that wraps around the whole right side of the restaurant, lack of even a vague description of main ingredients listed below menu items, and the fact that i felt like i was being rushed through even though the restaurant was deadsville at the time, all left me with a bad taste in my mouth. Being that i am on a middleeastern kick lately, and that this location is so close to my house, I may give them another try in about another year. I have not been to the university ave location so i cannot comment on discrepancies between here and there. I was so excited to try this place and i ended up more annoyed than anything.
