1	Made 3 trips to this store looking to spend $1,500 on patio furniture.  First trip I was sucked in by the grand opening sign.  Was told by an older gentleman in the store by himself (no customers) that he expected the type of bar stools I wanted by Saturday.  Returned back on Saturday and now the place had a lonely younger guy who said he could get anything I wanted in 3-5 days.  I told him that the other man had said he'd have more and that's why we came back.  I would've called but couldn't find a listing for the store.  He said "WE come up first on google- you must not be searching correctly." I quickly responded that after 30 years of managing customer service operations I knew full well how to google. I again shared that we were having company and building a new patio and wanted chairs ASAP.  He said "I have to keep my $100k worth of inventory on the floor to be competitive with the big box  stores, so I'd have to order what I wanted and get it in 3-5 days"..but he would have more in over the next few days.  Third visit young mouthy guy again, I asked the height about a specific chair in the store & asked for a tape measure...he proceeded to look in the catalog to determine what height they were.  Again I said I was having company in from out of town and wanted to buy 4-8 bar height stools & I couldn't understand why I wasn't able after 3 weeks of inquiries to get something in the store.  I was told "Get out...we don't want your kind of people here..."  I told him he lacked even basic customer service skills and that I would yelp about my experience.  He challenged me to go ahead.  So now that my visitor's are gone and I've spent my $1,200 on beautiful cast aluminum chairs that I got delivered free from Amazon (in 2 days) I'm posting here and on FACEBOOK & on any other site to insure that MY KIND of PEOPLE do not frequent a store that clearly will be out of business in 6 months because they are so indifferent to their potential customers. Heaven forbid you ask a question & expect them to know the answer.  I dragged my husband in there each time- he can barely walk due to his progressive cancer & he can't believe they treated us with such disdain.
5	Here's the thing. I have been looking for a couch for 3 years...yes, literally 3 years! This was supposed to be Christmas present and haven't been able to find the right one. My mother told me after I had all but given up hope, to go to this place and checkIt out.First of all, it's not a large shop. If you're looking to walk for miles and miles, this isn't the shop for you. They do, however, have a cream-of-the-crop selection that within about 10 minutes, I knew what I wanted to investigate further. (Yay for not spending so much time in a furniture shop!)Secondly, this is a family-run store! Hooray for local businesses! They are low pressure (which is nice because I've been high-pressured to death) but also very personable.  To the untrained eye, this may look like they are hanging out with friends and not taking care of you (as per the reviewer Anon A. seemed to think) but it's actually just ONE person manning the store, MAYBE two on a busy day but talking through options because they are THOROUGH.Thirdly, because they are so personal, they aren't going to BS you. I got told by Ashley furniture that they warrantied their leather for a lifetime and I took the salesperson at their word. When I called and spoke to Dan, he laid it all out that they were trying to pull the wool over my eyes. No one, he says, would do that past one year in the industry.  I know what you think, he said, she said, right? Well, being resourceful, I looked up Ashley's written warranty and it states that it is only good for a year.  The big box store had lied to me to get the sale while the small business, who told me the truth and RISKED a sale, didn't.  That means a lot to me.Fourthly, they worked with me to give me the best quality for the best value. They not only have financing available but are willing to work the numbers for you if you have cash.As someone who is a pretty tough nut to crack, these guys gave me sanity in a new couch (FINALLY!). Thank you so much!
5	My husband and I went in to look for bar stools for our new outdoor kitchen. We were having a birthday party in four days and were in a rush to find something. The furniture here is so beautiful. It's very strong sturdy furniture. They have a huge selection of styles and heights within a varying price range. The young man behind the counter, Chris, was very knowledgeable about his product. His suggestions were very useful to helping me figure out what type of stool would most appropriately suit my needs. We settled on four armless stools that swiveled, bar height, in China red that perfectly complimented the Hacienda theme of my patio. Chris rushed our delivery, and we got the stools in time for our party. I was impressed with Chris' genuine kindness. I don't like salesmen in general. I have a difficult time believing anything they say.  When I started looking at a mattress, Chris said that his mattress was purchased there and that he absolutely loved it. Well of course I didn't believe it, but he actually called his girlfriend and asked her to check the label on his mattress. Trust me, I would have known if he was blowing smoke. He won my trust after that. Not that he'd given me any reason not to before, but he is a salesman after all, a very nice helpful salesman, but still a salesman. We did end up replacing our old king traditional mattresses with the latex mattress that Chris suggested. One month later, I'm so happy with my purchases. The bar stools are beautiful, but most importantly, I absolutely love my bed. Thanks for your genuinely kind service and helpful suggestions, Chris. I'm very happy I went in. I was surprised to read the previous negative review. It's unfortunate, because even if I hadn't received great service, I'd still be happy to have gone in. You can't find patio furniture like this anywhere else. The furniture they carry is the kind you'd see in a fancy resort. It's well worth looking into.
5	We've been in the market for several weeks looking for the right bar stools to fit in our built in BBQ.  I've been trying to find a used set but just can't find the right size.  There are not too many patio stores in the East valley so our options were limited and nobody had the size we needed.  I went into the store on a Tuesday and spoke with the owner Dan, he was very knowledgeable and helpful when I explained our odd sized BBQ.  He helped me size out just the right stools to fit it perfectly and even recommended the ones with no arms so that they wouldn't knock on our uniquely low bar top.I was pleased with the size, style, and price so I bought 4 of them.  We also had purchased custom Sunbrella cushions from another local shop and Dan was able to match the fabric exactly and he is having them made for us.  The chairs came a few days later and the cushions will be done in a few weeks (its the busy season).  Dan was nice enough to give us temporary ones to use until ours come in.I'm thankful we found this place and next time we're in need of anything we'll definitely drop by here first.
