3	Finally visited Coreana last Friday with the GF after having passed by the restaurant many times.  The restaurant is located in a unique downstairs space in the little concrete island of restaurants and businesses near the intersection of University and Randall Aves. It's easy to miss driving by if you aren't paying attention, so park around Union South and walk up.A sign at the entrance promises Korean and Japanese food, but the menu is almost entirely Korean (a Japanese American friend of mine laments at the fact that many "Japanese" restaurants are in fact owned  by Koreans--not over the ownership, mind you, but at the quality of the food.  We joke that it's payback over the whole history of colonialism in Korea--i.e., we'll take their food and cook it bad : )Asian American Studies aside, I ordered the Rock Bowl Bim Bim Bap and the GF got the Kim Chi Ji-Gae.  The Bim Bim Bap came out sizzling, the food and service was quick, ingredients fresh, and the meal overall was satisfying.  The GF's kim-chi had its usual kick, but my Bim Bim Bap took a lot of chili sauce to bring it up to the requisite level of Korean spiciness.I have to admit that having lived in Los Angeles and haunting the restaurants in Koreatown, we were a bit disappointed with the overall quality compared to LA and the west coast.  With only a couple Korean restaurants in Madison, it's kind of hard to complain though. We did notice a lot of Korean diners in the restaurant, many of whom had ordered the bulgogi and other meat dishes which looked quite appetizing, so I would recommend anyone planning to visit Coreana to check these dishes out first, or perhaps some of the soups.  If we end up at Coreana again, we'll definitely choose one of these above...
5	My wife and I just loved this place....it's a tiny restaurant in a basement....but when you're inside, it actually feels as if u r in a cozy little joint. Not super-expensive and the food is really good. I would definitely go there again.
5	The ribs.  Enough said.  One of the best meals I've had in Madison and the prices are very reasonable.  The space is very clean and comfortable.   Aesthetically more pleasing than you'd expect judging from the exterior of the building. Service was decent and everything was cooked fresh to order.  We will definitely be back.  My only hope is that they do a good lunch business because we were one of two tables on a Saturday night.  Very surprising for what a great place it is.
2	I have enjoyed Korean food all over the world (except for Korea!) and usually always love it. I was counting on Coreana to satisfy my Korean craving, but was disappointed. In my experience, one of the best attributes of a Korean restaurant dining experience is the generous array of pickled, spicy, and crunchy condiments that appear soon after you sit down. Unfortunately, Coreana is not so generous; they only bring out a few of these with your meal. Secondly, I was very disappointed that they do not offer chap chae as a main course. I had a dull bibimbap, which required a lot of spicy sauce to improve -- and the tablespoon of beef pieces that accompanied it was paltry indeed! I wish I had seen Oski T's review before I visited Coreana, because others diners' bulgogi and soup/steamed dishes looked far better.
3	Ok. The food is still awesome!My only grouch is that they close the restaurant a lot of times without notice (probably coz they've been having a slow evening).Once I called the restaurant at 4.30 and the manager said they'd start serving dinner by 5. We got there by 7, and the place was closed!!! I tried calling the same number I had called earlier, but no response...so they were obviously gone! Bottom-line....I would call to make sure they're open right before I leave home...
