4	I decided to visit La Pizza after 4 days of staying at Paris and walking by it every time I walked out of the hotel.  I dropped there by during my last night right before they closed.I opted for their special combo which was 2 slices of pizza and a soda for $9.99.  It's a really good deal considering that their slices are huuuge!!  I picked up a Margherita slice and a slice of their Wild Mushroom pizza (http://bit.ly/1shKE7T).  Both were really good!The spot is conjoined to JJ's Boulangerie and is open from 11am-2am so it's definitely a spot to consider for those late night munchies on the Strip.
3	Decent and cheap. The two slice and soda combo is only $10. Their marghrita pizza is pretty good. The combo slice was pathetic. Only 1 1/2 pieces of pepperoni and a few pieces of other toppings. Kinda soggy, but the crust was good.
4	Been there a few times now on two trips.  First trip the pizza was hard at the end, but it was near 2am, and I dont think they were making anymore This trip we went 2x , first time was great and selection was good, second time it was the weekend, and there is an inside and outside order station, since we had a group we went inside.  There were 4 pizzas while in line, staring right at us, but one person was working the outside station and was quick as hell, there were two workers inside who were helping at the register, they took your order there.  We stand in line for 20 minutes and get to the register, we ask for pizza and she says is there any there???  I said there was while we were standing there, maybe one of you should help with pizza while the other does the register, she says if you want it faster maybe go outside and order it.  I then try to explain that if there is none inside for us, there is none outside for us right, she says maybe next time.  I deduct a star for this but only one, I like their pizza, it's cheaper than sabbaro and taste better.  2 slices and a soda for 10.80!!!!D
3	Ended up here with the kiddies after realizing that we did *not* want to wait in line for the buffet at Paris.  We ordered a whole pizza, half cheese, half pepperoni (if you have kids you'll get it).  It was decent, although I like the pizza at my local joint better; plus it was a bit pricey ($40+ for a pizza and four drinks, although this *is* Vegas).  Older son thought the crust was too chewy, but I didn't mind. An okay choice if you need some grub in a pinch.
3	It's 11:50 pm and we are getting the midnight munchies. Thank god for Vegas- a city that rarely sleeps. I've walked by this place everyday since we were staying at Paris and finally I decided to give it a try since it was still open and it was literally a minute walk from our room.FOOD: I got their two slices with a drink combo for $10 and in Vegas, that's fairly cheap. Ordered two of their pepperoni pizzas with an orange soda named 'Twister'. The slices were HUGE and loved the fact that they were that big, definitely worth my money. BUT, once I got it up to our room and started eating it, it was SUPER greasy. Beyond what I've ever eaten back home at Pizza Huts and Domino's pizzas. Made me feel so lethargic after I finished it. D: Then again, the flavor and the size of the pepperonis were at least pretty decent. The breading was really thin and the crust wasn't too appealing because it got kind of hard at the end. Also, our drink didn't have any syrup in it- it was like dry carbonation liquid (you get that bitter soda taste because it doesn't have any sugar in it). Yeah, that was a bummer. :-/Overall: A decent place with good prices if you want a late night meal!
3	Good place to grab a quick bite to eat or take something to go.  Their special is always a favorite that comprises of two slices of any pizza and a fountain drink for $9.99...pretty stellar deal considering we're talking about a Las Vegas casino eatery.  Make sure to have ample time in your hands if you order a whole pizza (10-20) since it is made to order.  I recommend their artichoke and margherita pizzas...they've never failed me unlike the pepperoni and mushroom pizzas.Horrible thing about La Pizza though is that if Le Village Buffet's buffet line is long you're most probably gonna be bombarded with passerbys saying "excuse me" to you or rudely nudging you a bit, constantly, as you line up to make your order.  Good place to go when everything seems busy at the Paris Hotel & Casino.
3	Good pizza for $9.99 two slice of pizza and drink for $9.99.
4	Quick and cheap pizza at Paris Hotel & Casino.We just needed a quick bite and there wasn't a line as we were passing by, so we decided to stop in.  They had a pizza deal for 2 slices and a soda for $9.99.  Perfect to share with someone.
4	My boyfriend and I were walking through Paris and decided we wanted something quick to eat to hold us over until our dinner reservation. We walked by La Pizza and saw their sign for the 2 slice and soda combo for $10.00. The presliced pizzas looked good while we were waiting in line. I got margherita and my boyfriend got pepperoni. Mine was delicious. I loved the dough and cheese. My boyfriend's pepperoni was a little on the greasy side but what do you expect with pepperoni? He said it was really good and the pepperonis had a spicey kick.I was eyeing their desserts but decided not to go for it. But now that I look back, I really wish we made a second stop in there for dessert before we left Vegas.When I come back to Vegas, I will certainly make a pit stop at La Pizza again.
4	Was here February 25, 2012. Needed a quick bite before a poker tournament. Surprisingly this pizza was really good.
2	2 slices of pizza and soda for $9.99. Or swap the soda for a beer for $10.99. It was a nice place to grab something to scarf down quick as I strolled through Paris to see the sights.Nothing particularly special about the pizza- it's actually on the greasier side (the grease will definitely help if you're going to do some major drinking later on in the night).Cute little tables you can sit at to enjoy your food as you watch the passersby. The only major con was that there was only one lady and one little counter. She was trying to take multiple orders simultaneously, but I'm not sure that really helped her save any time.
1	The Paris seems to be going into a downward spiral. The quality of the buffet has declined to a new low.  They increased the prices at the crepe place so that all crepes are now $10 each. And it looks as if they are trying to recreate the stereotypical French attitude since they are extremely rude to the customers at La Pizza.I went in one late night last week for a slice of pizza. The lady at the register was a real pill. After I got my $4.50 slice of mushroom pizza, I took a bite and immediately spit it out since the bottom was completely burned, I mean the tip of the crust was the color of charcoal. I brought my piece back for a replacement.  The lady went over and looked at the bottoms of all pizzas and brought back a piece of slightly less burned cheese pizza.  The problems with this scenario are (1) I didn't want plain cheese pizza, and (2) cheese pizza costs $.50 less and I couldn't get a refund for the difference.To add insult to injury, there are no free cups of tap water for paying customers. They charged me $1.00 for tap water on a day when the temperature reached over 110 degrees. It is absolutely ludicrous to charge for a cup of tap water, but you would at least expect them to waive the $1 fee on hot days since you can actually die of dehydration and it is quite easy to become dehydrate in Vegas in late July.The pizza itself was okay. Aside from the burned crust, it was a tad too salty and needed to be blotted twice since it was so greasy. I guess I am lucky they don't charge for napkins too.
3	Solid slice for a good price (relatively). A slice is $4.50, or 2 slices and a soda for $10. The crust was crisp and not too thick, and the slice itself was well sauced and topped. Good for a meal in between buffets
3	Very convenient to grab a slice for a quick meal or late night snack. We arrived in Vegas late, it was midnight East Coast time and we were starving!!! We ordered a bunch of slices from Le Pizza and basically inhaled them. Having a quick pizza counter right downstairs was super convenient so we didn't have to walk around to find food or order overpriced room service.
2	Ok really, I can make better pizza than this. Its over priced which is no surprise since it's in a casino on he strip. The pizza crust is decent but the sauce lacked flavor and I thought the cheese was not very good in  quality, you can tell when you bite into it. Its also greasy. You want pizza youll do better at one of the many pizza places outside the strip. 2 slices, 1 soda and 1 beer $20.The price for a whole pizza is like $25
1	Greasy and overpriced.
5	Best pizza ever!!!
2	We arrived at the Paris late and were pleased that this pizza joint stays open late because we were starving! We ordered a large pepperoni pizza and took it to our room to relax in front of the tv. The taste was fairly good and the slices were big but I couldn't get past the fact that the grease was seeping completely through the crust and dripping onto the plate! Now, I am all about cheesy, greasy pizza but the pizza at La Pizza is difficult to stomach!
3	3.5 stars. My go-to pizza spot if i want something quick in Vegas at this moment. The pizza is always delicious for some reason. It's a little booth at the dining area in Paris. We passed by this several times on our way to our Bally's room and it's great for a quick snack/meal. I ate this while playing slots and it was divine. $4.50 for a slice of combo, its bigger and taste way better than Costco pizza. It's super oily and greasy, thin crusted, but I think that's what makes it so delicious.  I ate here twice for dinner during our Vegas trip and I must say, it saved us from starving. We had no time to walk to McDonalds nor eat at a sit in restaurant, so this saved us time and energy, as well as money.LA PIZZA! While passing by it my friends and I always say it in a French accent, then Italian, then Spanish. Good times.
5	I've had plenty of New York-style pizza and this is some of the best ever. La Pizza is inside The Paris on the strip and blew my mind.  My wife and I shared a full-sized pizza (combination) and gobbled it up in one sitting. We ate some quality pizza in Manhattan last summer but THIS place was better than most. It'll be our first stop when we're in Vegas next.
4	La Pizza, or also known as JJ's Pizza Window, is located inside the Paris Hotel & Casino. It is connected to JJ's Boulangerie. I was waiting for hubby to get finished at a store and decided to try a slice of pizza from here. You order from the walk-up window and they sell pizza by the slice. The cashier was very friendly and told me that fresh pizza was just coming out of the oven. She also said they use san marzano tomatoes in their pizza sauce. I just ordered a simple slice of "Cheese Pizza" priced at $4 before tax. It was a decent size slice. Next to the walk-up window there is a small seating area with about 4 tables that have 2 chairs at each table. The pizza slice was pretty good. I did have to dab some grease off of the top with a napkin, but that was just my preference, it wasn't too overly greasy. The crust was crisp and the pizza was nice and hot. I think next time I will get a slice with toppings and see how that is. I also will ask for a side of sauce since I didn't taste too much of it on the pizza and I usually enjoy dipping my pizza in sauce anyway. I know in the picture I posted it looks like there was a decent amount of sauce, but I really couldn't taste it. The pizza slice is 3.5 stars for me. I give a full 4 stars total because the pizza was edible and didn't taste bad (it just didn't *wow* me), the cashier was friendly and I enjoyed sitting at one of their outside tables by myself having a quick slice and tourist-watching. The daily special (probably everyday) is 1 slice of pizza, chips and a drink for $6.99, but I had a drink already so just the slice would do for me today. If you are passing through this is a nice place to grab a quick bite to eat.
4	I got into town late-- and I mean Late! Or was it early by Vegas standards? Well, anyway, I got ripped off by my taxi driver before I even got near the strip, and was starving. The people I was supposed to meet had their flight delayed and weren't getting in until the next day. I was tired, cranky, and needed to hit the sack. But I was starving. Yum-Yum-Tum-Run, what did I find not but a hop and a skip, no jumps!, away from the elevators to my tower? But this lovely li'l Pizza joint tied to a sandy shop. Got a coupla pesto chickens, took 'em back to my room and chowed, then crashed. Good place, and really didn't seem any more pricey than anything else there, maybe a little less so. /Recommend
2	I would be way more satisfied eating a Hot Pocket.  This little pizza window inside the Paris hotel was open late so I decided to grab a slice since I was starving.  I ordered one combo slice but was served two giant slices.  Normally, this would have made me really happy, but the pizza was super greasy and salty.   I can't complain about the price since it was only a little over $5 dollars after tax but I would definitely have to be drunk to eat here.
5	Wow this pizza was so delicious!!!!!! I wanted more after my boyfriend and I finished the entire box by ourselves!  You must try it if you're in vegas
5	You know, this may not be a fair review. I'm comparing this to Boston's Pizza. It doesn't even compare. I had a meat slice and a pepperoni slice. These are New York style pizzas. The crust was still crispy, but the kicker was that there was a ton of taste in each bite. The pepperoni had a strong meaty taste and the Mozzarella had tons of taste in itself. If you're in Paris, check this place out!
4	Ordered the mushroom pizza here. I was drunk and it was delicious. It also had squid on it. The following morning, I ordered a 3 cheese slice. It was pretty good, I mean how good could a cheese pizza get. The mushroom pizza was perfect though, and the squid was a unique touch that gave the pizza a perfect amount of saltiness and extra texture. I'd try it. This place is also open late (not sure of hours).
2	My family was in town, staying at Paris so we were craving a late night snack after drinking all day. I had a slice of the supreme which was extremely too greasy and almost impossible to eat because it just fell apart when I picked it up. The place is kinda dirty too.. Felt like I needed to bathe after being there :/
4	This lil pizza window spot saved me!!! 1 huge slice for $5...it was worth it. It is pretty greasy. .. But it's the perfect snack when you're hungry and drunk in the vegas heat!!!
4	Greasy but very good pizza, the way it's meant to be. Perfect fast food, great after walking around on the strip drunk all day. They could be faster making the food.
