5	For cheaps eat, this is probably as good as it gets. For $10 I got a huge take-out container of fried rice and curry, plus a drink. The food was tasty as well, a bit on the spicy side. While I was waiting for my food, the lovely woman working there was very kind and informative, discussing South Indian cuisine and the origin of the restaurant; sweet, sweet woman. I hear they are moving up the street soon, and hope the service/food quality continues to be as good!
4	South Indian cuisine in neighbourhood full of South Indian restaurants. Food prepared somewhat differently from the North Indian,which most are used to, and is very spicy. The butter chicken,  which many people use as the standard to measure the quality of an Indian restaurant, was made with tomato paste, which I liked, preferred even, to the usual "buttery,oily" style, and came with naan. Another patron at the table, was however; not  very impressed, she prefers the usual style.The fish patties with sauce, were very good, spicy, but contained more potato than fish, the sauce was very good. The chicken dosas were 2 large pancake rolls stuffed with very spicy chicken with veggies, and came with 3 sauces, none of the cooling yogurt variety. People at the other tables were enjoying their various dishes, and everyone appeared to be happy, sated and very satisfied with the portions.. large and the prices ... small. This is a family owned/run resto, can accommodate large groups, there are 2 floors, but service is VERY slow. The temperature was also chilly inside,  many patrons kept their coats/jackets on while dining, and what's with the plastic cutlery??Thank heavens the manager/owner herself,  had the grace and presence  of mind to bring out the the regular stuff. This is also a BYOB restaurant, so  this further brings down the costs. Overall: everyone seemed happy to have been here , loved the food,  great new find,  another place will revisit.
4	delicious!!!!
4	We ordered the chicken Masala Dosa. The chicken filling was fragrant and spicy. A melange of complex spices cooked with pieces of chicken was highlighted by peppery coriander. My table mates were too busy wiping their brow of sweat cause by this dish and taking straight shots of yogurt to put out the fire; I for one didn't feel a thing, and contemplated wiping my face with the dosa.
3	This was my first introduction to the type of cuisine Thanjai specializes in, although we got a number of dishes. To be fair, some of the flavor profiles I wasn't really used to, even though I've eaten at my fair share of Indian/Pakistani restaurants over the years. We ordered a number of things to share: appetizer plate, Chicken 65, butter chicken, shrimp curry, vegetable korma, plain dosa, potato and ghee dosa, and some basmati rice for those sauces. Some of us liked the flavors more than others, but we all had some items we thought were really good. They specialize in dosa, so be sure to try at least one kind!Please be aware that they advertise delivery, but they only do it Monday-Friday, so you're out of luck on the weekend (at least at the time of this review)!
5	I'm from South India, my dad is from Madras (Chennai) and my mom from Bangalore. And when I crave SOUTH Indian food, most times it's hard to find because most restaurants are North Indian. Then add to that they're run by bangladeshis (nothing against them but they should just run delicious Bengali restos, but I digress). Thanjai is authentic South Indian and even the owner is South Indian and he cares about his food deeply. So come enjoy the dosas and idlies  and don't forget to order the indian coffee! (South Indians NEVER drink chai!!!)
5	Great food. Had the pao bhaji dosa + podi idly + rasam + chicken biriyani. Reminded me of my grandmom' cooking. Great service.
5	There aren't many South Indian restaurants in Montreal and this one is a great one. I love the mutton curry, dosas, parothas...  Real authentic south Indian cuisine. It brings back fond memories of India :)
5	Wow South Asian cusine served at its best. I am really not a great judge when it comes to this type of south asian cusine when it comes to food but Thanjai was just really good. All these dosas were a great combination of taste and flavours. I tried their cheese dosa, and just wow soft and tender cheesiness just blew me away. As a bengali myself who doesnt have much real exposure to south asian food this was a nice intro to this side of indian cuisine. Its impossible for me to go to an "indian" restaurant north south east west or whatever and not order lamb biryani so when I had their version I was happy with the mild spicy(requested) take and curry flavored rice. I will however never understand the point of why they put a boiled egg on top of the biryani as I am used to having boiled egg curry or korma as a side. Nevertheless its a different cuisine and I am a boiled egg lover so Im not gonna cuss over eggs on side or on the meal or wherever as the meal itself was really yummy. You can really see the passion coming through the staff and the people who are running it over their service, food, and ambiance. Loved how they kept a replica of the famous temple on the entrance and the orange walls and nice traditional vibe. Will return again...and again :)
2	I am being generous and giving this two stars.  My girlfriend and I ordered take out from here and the food arrived cold an hour after quoted delivery time.  Food tasted good when reheated, but it was an expensive meal to have to reheat...Staff was not accommodating when I called them about the cold food/late delivery.  To top off a poor experience, our $3 order of naan bread came with one paltry flatbread.  There are so many good Indian restaurants in Montreal, I'm going elsewhere in the future.
5	I've been here many times now and have tried a few vegetarian dosas. I liked the chana masala and the onion rava masala, but my favorite is by far the mushroom masala (8.50$). All dosas come with sambar and chutney - delicious! The potato bondas are also amazing as an appetizer (3$ for 2). The only negative experience I had was when my friend ordered the spinach and lentil dish. It was 8.50$ but was very small and bland. The rice was an extra 3$. Basically, I would recommend sticking to the dosas, as that's their specialty. Staff are friendly, service is great, and it's BYOB. I highly recommend it!
4	After being in Montreal for 4 long months I just lost my South Indian food virginity @ Thanjai. This is one of the really good South Indian places if not the best. They specialize in Dosas.       Dosas are crispy Indian Crepes made with rice. They are served with 2 different chutneys & Sambhar (Lentil curry). They do 51 kinds of dosas. If you get any of the "Masala" versions, they come stuffed with spicy potato mix. Also try their Chicken 65. Its YUMMM. Chicken Biryani is great. So is the Pepper Chicken. My only complaint is that the pepper chicken isn't boneless. Also instead of the naan, go for the Parotha.       Why didn't I get Naan???? 2 reasons....... One, its Naan of your business...... And two, Getting a North Indian dish from a South Indian restaurant is not a great move. You'd be disappointed.  I'd say order the Parotha instead. Its much much better than naan. They have lots of other things on their menu, But i'd rather stick to the things they specialize in. Definitely will be back to try other south Indian dishesFood -  GreatService - SlowAmbiance - CasualWorth the money - Affirmative
5	If you are craving Dosa, this is the place to come. Not only do they have traditional Dosa, but they have creatively come up with 50 varieties to appease your interest. I went with the Masala Dosa with Garlic and Cheese.My table got the appetizer sampler while were there. The Samosa was incredible. The others were meh. But that might have been based on my preferences as opposed to the actual quality.I would highly suggest grabbing some coffee at the end of your meal. It is fantastic here!And if, big "if," you have room left over, their Rice Pudding with Almonds was incredible!I can also appreciate that it was high quality food while remaining at a very reasonable price.
5	from the past three days my family's been at Montreal, this store served us the BEST food! my family and I ordered briyanis and vada here.. I had a shrimp briyani and everyone else had chicken, food is a little pricy but for the taste of their food and the amount of meat/seafood they add it's totally worth! the service was pretty good as well! I would definitely be going here every time we visit Montreal on our vacation!!
5	I just went to this restaurant tonight and it was so incredible that I  ate and ate and ate and couldn't stop and now I want to die from fullness.Incredible food. 10/10 would overeat here again.
4	The Pav Bhaji Dossa was really good specially since I am from bombay and I miss the Pavbhaji.....overall a nice clean place with authentic food.... must go there if you are in or around Montreal......
5	South Indian food done right. The majority of the menu is dedicated to dosas, however they also have other options that are worth exploring.I ordered the chicken kothu, and loved it. It was a huge portion, very flavorful, great ratio of chicken, egg, paratha and veggies. I got it medium, which I must warn you, it was VERY spicy. Coming from someone used to eating spicy food, I would recommend sticking with mild unless you can handle really hot food.I also got to try some of my friends dosas, idlys and biryani. These were all very good as well, I don't think there is a bad menu option. Price was very reasonable, service was prompt, and after the meal the owner came and chatted with us a bit. Had a great dining experience with a large group.
4	Visiting Montreal from  DC which lacks decent South Indian restaurants, Thanjai was a great surprise.  The dosais were excellent and so were the accompanying sambar and chutney.  The South Indian coffee with which we ended our meal was perfectly brewed and presented in a dawara-tumbler. Highly recommended.
5	Been twice. Really good and authentic. If you're looking for butter chicken kinda western food this may be too real for you. ;-) The Sri Lankan dishes really up the anti but the dosas are great too.
5	On a family tour to Montreal for the weekend with family and we hit this place two nights in a row. It is the best South Indian food I have had in North America, and this is coming from a guy who has eaten fair share of Dosas in famous NJ restaurants. Saturday night was jam pack and still manager managed to squeeze us in without a long wait. One small advice - if you are going here for the weekend, make sure u make reservations in advance, coz looks like it gets fully booked. We also stopped in on Sunday, and food was spot on amazing. All different dosas we tried were great. If you like spicy dosa - Manglore mirchi masala dosa is the best you can order from the menu.
1	Went there for lunch with my partner. Both of us ordered Thali chicken. Dish had way too much salt! Couldn't taste anything but salt. Dosa was too oily and Thali chicken had zero chicken meat only chicken bones. Awful! won't be back.
4	The great thing about Thanjai is that everything is delicious! I got to sample food I never heard about and wouldn't find at just any traditional Indian restaurant.It's a small place that gets full quick,  reservations strongly recommended.I tried the onion bhaji as an appetizer, these are like onion rings but less greasy and with a finer crisp, served with tamarind sauce.Everyone comes here for the dosas: thin crepes stuffed with delicious savory potatoes, cheese, tomato and whatever else you like. They are paired with perfect dipping sauces and are easy to eat.I also tried prawn curry and biryani which were very flavorful but there's no kidding around with the spices, despite asking for it "mild", my mouth was on fire.The only drawback was concerning the prices and portions - for 14$ the curry seems expensive and there were very few shrimps, it's not served with any rice or naan either.Worth a taste, stick with the basics, like dosas and you won't be disappointed.
2	First of I should mention that I enjoyed my time at this restaurant. The staff were friendly and manager was chatty and very nice. My low rating is because of the scale they used to inform clients about the level of spice in their food. As a person who was in several Indian restaurants I can say that they underestimate spices in their food, and for some people with allergic reactions it can not be very good.
5	Great menu, very versatile and different from generic Indian restaurants. They're dosa, khotturoti, manchurian and noodles are a great option. Service is friendly as well.. Be sure to make reservations on the busier nights cause they are usually packed
4	We finally found a south indian restaurant that makes real south indian food! I got to try many dishes that I have never had before, very spicy and super tasty. Menu is mostly dosas but they have just enough of everything else to find just what you want. Sometimes service is slow because it can get really busy here.
3	The food at Thanjai restaurant is outstanding. Crisp dosas, flavourful filling, tasty coconut chutney and sambar that you want to drown in. My low rating is because of a poor service experience. My husband and I turned up one weekend evening and were told that there were no available tables. Half the restaurant was empty and tables had reserved signs on them. Fair enough. So we asked if we could place an order for take-out. To this the manager replied that they were not taking take out orders because the kitchen was very busy.  We have ordered take-out from Thanjai before so this change in policy seemed quite flippant. The information also did not square with the fact that the restaurant was still half empty. I was 7 months pregnant and craving their imly chutney when this happened. I'll go back for sure, because the food is great. But it will take several perfect meals with decent service to restore my love for this restaurant.
