3	In the Wesin Hotel, attached to the David Lawrence Convention Center - this is probably the highest priced, over saturated fried fish establishment that exists in downtown Pittsburgh.Now, they call themselves the "Orginal" fish market - but don't let that fool you. This place is an overpriced clone of legal seafood - with a good but overpriced service bar. Seriously.... $26 for two MGD beers and a double Bailey's on the rocks? Oy. Something tells me they want to loose business, rather than keep it. The wine selection is kinda dated, and I don't know the last time they cleaned the wine taps - but it looks to me like something I'd rather avoid- or have the bottle delivered to my table to avoid cross contamination.The food, while basicially good (fried seafood) everything - is way overpriced to me. And there is no really good way to put this, but if you're looking for Fish and Chips - cross the street and go the the nearby Tonic restaurant. The portion size and the service are much better.Still, if you've got an expense account, and don't want to walk out of the convention hotel - yes, this will work for almost anyone. Including the guy who's had one too many and yelling at the bar with another patron.
4	I agree with Peter.  This is a very expensive fish restaurant and sushi bar.  Was OK, but hard on the expense report ..
5	LUNCH:  This was one of my favorite lunch spots when I lived and worked in Pittsburgh. I was a creature of habit though - - for lunch I very seldom strayed from their wonderful lobster bisque and a nice mixed green salad. It was the perfect lunch. Served quickly, which gave me plenty of time for the nice walk to and from work.DINNER: For dinner, when I had more time, it was always nice to venture into one of their other great seafood offerings. They have a couple of great salmon dishes that I really like and a striped bass. All seafood is fresh and prepared with care. Chicken and steak, but I never tried them - -  too many good seafood choices. Very nice presentations.SUSHI: They have an extensive sushi menu - for those of you who are big sushi fans. Me?  Not so. But I have friends who are and they rave about the sushi here. One of the things I like best about this place is that the menu includes info on where your dinner was born, raised and caught.SUSTAINABLE FISHESThey exclusively serve Lummi Island Salmonhttp://www.lummiislandwild.com Tilapia, NCLouisiana Catfish, LAAtlantic SalmonRainbow Trout, ID  WILD LINE CAUGHT FISHDayboat Fluke, NJLummi Island Salmon, BC Tombo, HIWaluu, HIShutome Swordfish, HIStriped Bass, NJPintado, Brasil Chilean Sea bass#1 Ahi Tuna, HIMahi Mahi, C.R.Wild Sea Scallops, MADiver Scallops, Baja 7 oz. Lobster Tail, SA For an inland seafood restaurant this one rivals many costal ones I've eaten at. Definitely an upscale, pleasant place to eat lunch or dinner. Great service, quiet relaxed atmosphere. Yes, it is a little pricey. If you want cheap fried seafood, head on over to Long John Silvers or Captain D's. But I bet you can't get them to tell you where their seafood came from . . . even if they know!  And, even if they do, you probably don't want to know!You get what you pay for - in both food & service.
3	I have been going to this place for years.  It has excellent sushi and a pretty good selection, however often they don't have all the options listed on the menu.  I'm a big fan of white tuna and they never have it.  It's a little pricey, but the quality of ingredient is excellent.  I've had two issues with this place over the 30 or so times I've been here, so that's pretty good.  Try some of the specials.  If you order razor clams if they are on special be careful, because last time I had it there was a ton of sand in the clams.  This is also one of the few spots were you can get a good meal after midnight.
3	the salads are quite exceptional, especially for phillythe muscles are buttery goodnessthe sushi is just not good, i don't care what the woman who eats there everyday cuz she lives across the street saysand i think they put mayo in some of their sushi, which - however authentic - is disgusting
4	Surprisingly (or not), I had a great time here.  True, this restaurant offers little bang for the buck, but that doesn't mean that the quality of food has suffered.  The sushi was surprisingly good.My dish was a bit oily.  The risotto was nice, but was a tad big on the salty side.  That's okay, though, because I still enjoyed it.  I imagine that it'd be a great place to take someone for a date at con.
3	Attached to the Westin Convention Center, this restaurant is a super convenient stop for convention goers.  They're open until 1am, which is especially helpful for those of us West Coast travelers that spend all day flying to get to Pittsburgh.I enjoyed a nice big bowl of their clam chowder - creamy, not tomato based.  Great flavors and large pieces of clam.  The cesaer dressing on their salad was delicious and their sushi list was impressive.Service was a touch slow, but not too bad considering the number of occupied tables.  I'd say the food was good, but not outstanding.  Definitely a convenient and tasty option.Also stopped in at the bar one night for a few drinks.  Drink prices weren't too bad, and they seemed to have a decent selection of choices.  The bar is not particularly big, so seating is a little limited.  But not a bad place to knock back a few after a long day of networking.
3	On a Friday night I had decided to check out their dinner selection - a friend of mine had recommended their sushi, and what a recommendation.  All of the maki are priced at the given norm and are made exceptionally - would definitely recommend the shrimp tempura roll - the size of the shrimp that they used were MONSTERS =) good stuff.  Haven't tried the fresh fish there yet, but the menus didn't seem to feature their fresh fish as much as it did their sushi selection.  Service was...eh.  I've had faster and better.  They did end up messing up my open table reservation..which was irritating.  In terms of the rest of their menu, it's what you'd expect from a seafood joint.  For fresh fish, I'd still recommend Monterey Bay.  Anyway, definitely check this place out at least once, you'll be happy that you did.
3	I got the slow roasted jerk chicken (yes I know at the fish market!) and it was very very good.  For dessert I split the 'doughnut' with ice cream which was very tasty.
3	I was in town for a conference and the Fish Market was right across the street.  I'm from Pittsburgh but a co-worker wanted to go there - definitely not a local type of place.  It really appeals to the hotel guests, like any other hotel restaurant.  It was decent.  I had the swordfish with rice and spinach on the side.  The portion was good, perfect for me, but I'm short.  A guy would have to order more.  I have to agree with a previous review that it was overpriced, as far as I was concerned, but it was a decent meal.
4	Convenient location for hotel guests and conference goers to unwind with some drinks, have a nice seafood dinner, or have a light sushi lunch.Great variety of fish.  Our server was knowledgeable in where the fish came from.  Some are farmed fresh while others are caught wild.  The prix fixe menu offered the best value - $29.95 for soup/salad, a choice of salmon with apple miso butter, swordwish, or black crusted almadine with green beans and wild rice, ended with strawberry cheesecake.  The blue crab bisque soup was excellent - creamy with bits of crab and carmelized onions topped with a sliver of green onions.  The almadine, a white fish fillet, was perfectly pan fried on the outside, flaky on the inside.  The green beans were cooked just right with the wild rice providing a nice complement  to the fish and beans.  The cheesecake was incredibly dense where I would rather prefer a more lighter or fluffier texture.I returned the next day for sushi which I was not impressed with.  I ordered the spicy tuna rolls and hamachi.  The fish and rice was dry.  This place was great but would not return for the sushi.  Service was incredibly attentive and knowledgeable.
4	From March 2013 visit: the food was much better, good enough that I want to return. I had salmon, quinoa, spinach, pesto, bread (that's all I remember). I'm upgrading to 4 stars.From Aug. 2009: The most disappointing thing about this place is the temperature: uncomfortably cold.  Probably 60 degrees (on a warm day in August!).  The whole dining area was cold; it wasn't just our table.  When we brought it to the attention of the waiter he said there's nothing they can do about it; it's the hotel's cooling system.  That's insane!  Don't they care about the comfort of their customers?The food was good, but the waiter did a poor job: he got one order correct, but they botched Jo's fish dish (she asked for the rice pilaf without tomato, and they brought her the standard rice pilaf with tomato), and they botched my order (I didn't order the prix fixe dinner, but they charged me for it (at a cost of $7 more), even though I communicated my order clearly.
2	I am not a big fan of seafood so it takes a lot to win me over.I tried several of the dishes at Original Fish Market including the lobster bisque, the halibut, and the pork-chop with coleslaw.  The lobster bisque was bland and cold.  The halibut was decent.  The pork chop was so bitter and dry.The whole atmosphere of the place seemed standoff-ish and was not friendly.  Furthermore, it took forever just to get our waitress's attention.  When we finally got her to look our way, she was short with us.  It was as if we bothered her.  I would rather go get sushi than spend more money here.
1	For a place that has a $75 entree I was pretty shocked to see a $2 charge for blue cheese olives on my bill... pretty tacky.   That was definitely a first.  I was disappointed the waitress didn't say anything either. Aside from that the service was pretty good... and the sashimi was a great value.  But everything else about this place is shwag.  The seared tuna - garbage, rainbow roll and Caesar salad - weak,  and the sides incredibly small.  The place has the feel of a riverboat buffet.  If this was stand alone they would only get away with charging 40% of what they are now... in the Westin.I would skip it, or if you have to, get sashimi at the bar and make sure you review your bill.
3	located in the westin hotel downtown pittsburgh, i came here in the summer, early evening. party of 2. the valet was great and quick, i wasnt staying at the hotel, i pulled up and said i was eating at the OFM and he quickly took the keys and parked the car. the valet was quick when we were done also. overall i thought it the OFM was pretty good, its a nice busy atmosphere that you would expect for its location inside the hotel.  a pretty big bar kinda in the center of the restaurant, but is still set up nicely. although we sat at a booth, the sushi bar looked really nice with an awesome aquarium behind the itamae which i thought was cool. i got the swordish, which was just ok, she got the salmon, which was good, the spinach side that came with mine was very good. the salads were great, we each got two different ones and they were delicious salads, which honestly was the best part and highlight to the meal. i also ordered sushi, which was good and fresh. we had a very good waitress, very freindly, personable and catered to us perfectly. its expensive, probly a bit too much for the plate you get, im glad i ordered the sushi on the side, bc im not sure i would have been full otherwise. id like to go back and just order sushi. i wanna give it a 3.5.
1	Having read positive things about OFM lately, I thought we'd give it another try as it's been years since we've eaten there.  Unfortunately, our experience was dreadful.I knew going in that the food was overpriced.  Always has been.  But not only can you get less expensive fish/seafood elsewhere, but you also can get FRESHER food at other places.  Our food tasted frozen and overcooked.  What has NOT changed is the extremely poor service.  If you don't look wealthy or if you're not buying multiples rounds of alcohol, the wait staff avoids you.  And that was our experience the other night.  How can restaurants get away with poor service and bland food at such high prices?  I guess OFM lives off the travelers and not the locals.
2	Serviceable "upscale" chain seafood spot, with both traditional dishes and sushi.  Yes, it's expensive, but it's one of the few spots open late downtown.   The sashimi was pleasant, and it's hard to screw up oysters and seafood pasta.   Our meal basically met our admittedly low expectations.The service is on par with your local crap-on-the-wall chain restaurant, so don't expect too much.
2	One in our party summed it all up:  "When you're paying these prices, you should expect better service."The food was good.  I had a sashimi platter with some additional pieces, which was perfectly average.  You can get the same thing around the corner at Sushi Kim...and I think the quality is a bit better and the price lower.Another in our party had the rib eye.  It was cooked well and he liked it.  For dessert the cheesecake was good, although the blueberries were clearly from frozen (unacceptable in July when they're in season).I had to sit and wait 5 minutes after my food was brought out before I could flag down a server to ask for some chopsticks and soy sauce.It's not that the servers aren't working...it's that they're spread too thin.  Understaffed.  All working hard, but covering too many tables.Long story short, I won't go back.  Walk over one block and go to Eleven!  Same price, better food and service.
3	Had dinner here and it was located in my hotel (Westin). Enjoyed a Lobster Bisque and a Green Curry Cod. The service was a little slow but friendly. My fish had several bones in it. The bread was sourdough with a shrimp butter. I think it was a bit pricey for a seafood restaurant. I didn't try the sushi that everyone was raving about. Where does a restaurant in Pittsburgh acquire fresh fish for sushi?
2	- The bread was good and so was the spicy shrimp butter that came with it.- The lobster bisque had a very slight gummy texture to it, as if too much flour had been used.  - I had the lobster pasta and I was a little disappointed with the lack of sauce that accompanied it.  It was really more of a broth than anything, which made the pasta seem too soggy and also drippy and messy to eat.  My wife had the fillet mignon, which she said was one of the best she's ever had.  She thought the potato side was just so-so.- Each of us had a drink with our meal, which put our total at $115, including the tip.  I expect to be a little bit more wowed with a meal for that price.
5	I have had nothing but fabulous meals at this restaurant!  I take Amtrak's Capital Ltd to Chicago from Pittsburgh on a regular basis.  The train leaves at midnight, so I always plan my trips so that my last couple of hours is spent having a fabulous meal at the Fish Market.Pat keeps the place hopping!  The wait staff have been nothing but attentive.  Best yet, the kitchen staff is always ready to provide a "surprise me with something" dish.  You can't ask more than that!I'm looking forward to my next trip Out East so I can once again enjoy one of my favorite restaurants in the US.
3	OK, here I go again breaking my rule about hotel restaurants but this one is a treat.  The atmosphere does reaks of cheezy hotel bar & food joint.  However, in all things unassuming this one delivers great appetizers & sushi for the weary traveler.  The balsamic chile shimp appetizer is probably the best thing on the menu.  As for soups, Lobster bisque is OK but can at times have the consitency of watered down paste.  The gumbo is done well, but not the best in PIT, try the Tap Room at the William Penn (OMNI).  Now, on to sushi, which is the 2nd reason this restaurant deserves a stop.  When on the road, a quick beer, good appetizer & sushi are a necessity.  What I enjoy most about the sushi here is that it is just plain old sushi, not dresssed up with a butch of cream cheese rolls, sirancha mayo or eel sauce everywhere.  Plain ass boring nigiri, sashimi & rolls, which is exactly what I am looking for on the road.When in doubt on the road, stop by the Westin for dinner (or lunch) at the Fish Market it won't disappoint.
3	I went here twice using a Groupon.Both times, the restaurant was dead- as in, fewer than five tables occupied. Because of that, the service was always quick.Food was consistently good, but nothing mind-blowing.If your pockets are deep enough not to mind the prices, this is a solid choice of restaurant for a special occasion, but as another reviewer mentioned, there is a certain "cheesyness" to the place... like it's trying just a little bit too hard to seem like a legitimate high-class restaurant and bar. I think maybe that sensation was heightened by the fact that the restaurant was totally dead, as I mentioned... Almost like people were shunning the place. (In reality, I guess it was just off-peak days and hours.)
1	Hotel restaurants are just awful!  It's like you have to be mediocre to have a restaurant inside a hotel.  I don't get it!  Wouldn't they WANT you to stay and spend money on their property?? Nevertheless, this place in the Westin hotel is no different.  For starters, the place is sorely outdated.  The decorations look like they're straight out of an 80's music video.  I went with my mom, who asked me if the glass sculptures on the ceiling where Chihuly's.  I almost choked on my bread when she asked! I always go for sushi when it's on the menu at a fish place.  I can't get away from it, plus I need my weekly (or sometimes daily) fill of it!  So I ordered a spicy yellow tail roll and a ginger salad.  The spicy yellow tail was not spicy.  It had a side of "spicy" sauce.  I'm not too sure that qualifies it to be spicy with a dab of sauce.  The salad's ginger dressing was awful and watery.  I love ginger dressing when it's done right.  But it was not happening at this place! The thing that really made me mad is that the place is overpriced to begin with.  My tiny yellow tail roll was more expensive ($7) than the fabu Penn Ave Fish Co ($5.50) rolls.  And DEF not as good!  My mom ordered a bowl of fish soup.  This "bowl" was a deep dish salad bowl and looked as if there was a small ladle size serving.  It was hardly halfway full.  That's all my mom had ordered for lunch.  It was pretty sad looking.  So she asked for a little more from the server.  The server said that's all she could give her because it was restaurant policy.  Now let me tell you....I've worked at restaurants.  I've witnessed the people who eat their ENTIRE meal, then say it was bad and want another one...and they get another one!  Now that's messed up!  Asking for a little more soup, that's supposed to be a BOWL but looks more like a spoonful is hardly too much to ask for. Needless to say, I will NOT be back. There are WAY better fish places in the city to fill my belly with, hands down! Go to Penn Ave Fish Co, It's opened a new location right on Fifth Ave! Don't say I didn't warn you!
1	Terrible.I visited this restaurant for the first time yesterday to use up a Groupon.  Thank God I didn't pay full price for this slop.  First, lets talk about the decor.  Others have commented about the outdated 80s look of the place. I concur.  The chairs are ridiculously heavy and uncomfortable.  And don't even get me started on the hideous glass constructions hanging from the ceiling.  Second, let talk about the staff.  Unprofessional to say the least.  When we were waiting for our table, I witnessed the hostess yell at a man from across the restaurant, instead of walking up to him and guiding him to his party.  "Hey Anthony, your party's over here!"  Ridiculous. This restaurant has an open kitchen, which is usually a good thing - but not when everyone's yelling at each other.  We were seated near the kitchen and, I'm not exaggerating, heard someone yell "order!" approximately every 30 seconds.  Staff yelled at each other from across the restaurant constantly.  I felt like I was on a playground.  Our waitress was a nice, sweet girl, and she did the best she could considering the environment she was in.  I have no complaints about her.  The food, though... Jesus.  We started with the "margarita shrimp cocktail".  Imagine tiny round pieces of popcorn shrimp floating in a glass of lime flavored water.  These were served with tortilla chips, which you'd think were meant to be used to scoop up the shrimp from the glass.  But, the shrimp are solid round balls, not a scoopable salsa.  We tried picking up the shrimp with the chips, but they'd just roll off and end up on the floor.  My date and I just laughed as we TRIED to eat this concoction.  When it finally made it into our mouths, it was gross anyway.  My boyfriend ordered a sushi/sashimi combo platter.  I'm being generous by giving it a rating of mediocre.  Take out sushi from a grocery store is better.  Now, I admit, I made the mistake here - I ordered the fried fish platter.  I'm used to getting a variety at seafood restaurants.  At a place like Mitchell's Fish Market, you can get a dish with a piece of fish, a few scallops, a few shrimp, and a vegetable.  The Original Fish Market has no such dish.  The only dish I could get that had more than just one piece of fish with some plain steamed white rice and steamed spinach, was the fried fish platter.  So, I ordered that, with a side of green beans (vegetables were $5 - $7 extra).The description said I would get a piece of tilapia, scallops, oysters, shrimp, and french fries.  I didn't realize this meant that the tilapia was fried, the scallops were fried, the oysters were fried, and the shrimp was fried, all on top of a giant bed of fried french fries.  It's just not what I pictured.  Like I said, it was my mistake for not reading carefully and not asking the waitress, but lets say for argument's sake that this is what I wanted.  It was still disgusting.  The batter/flavor was exactly the same for everything.  The scallops tasted like the french fries.  The shrimp tasted like the french fries, the tilapia tasted like the french fries.  I didn't even try the oysters, but I'm pretty sure they would have tasted like french fries.  I ate barely a quarter of this dish, and I'm pretty sure I consumed an entire week's worth of saturated fat.  If you ate this entire plate, I think a heart attack would interrupt your dessert.The green beans were good. Other people commented that you can't count on hotel restaurants being worthwhile.  I have to agree.  If everyone's just passing through, you don't have to worry about actually impressing anyone and getting them to come back.  And with business travelers, they're usually paying with their company's dime, so they don't bother to complain or expect much.I have learned my lesson.  I'm not coming back.  And I seriously question the sanity of people who gave this place more than two stars.
2	I have eaten there several times.  This is an overpriced overhyped seafood restaurant.  The portions are not worth the price.  The Sushi is average at best.  The service has been poor almost every time I went.  We complained once to the manager and in the middle of talking to her she picked up the phone and totally forgot she was talking to us.  The salads are small and nothing to write about.  The decor needs to be updated. If you ask me why I keep going back; it's not by my choice.  Usually we have several people staying at the Westin.
2	Came in for drinks after a conference and could not get service. Finally went searching for someone, who only came back with our order after we had nearly given up. And refills on water, coffee or soda? Forget about it.
3	I remember when this place was the Pittsburgh Fish Market, when it was freshly opened and a gem in downtown dining.  And I should remember it!  It hasn't changed a whit in all this time.  Oh, wait....that big white upside down bowl of Jello cubes hanging from the ceiling is gone.  Don't get me wrong, the green curry black grouper was one of the best fish dishes I've had in a long time.  The grouper was cooked perfectly, kissed with a sweet and spicy green curry paste, nestled atop a pile of garlicky spinach and accompanied by good steamed rice to soak up all the sauces.  The dish was perfection.  Had the Original Fish Market been judged on food alone, the rating would have been 4.5 stars for sure.  Even the waiter was spot on!Unfortunately, the surroundings are dark and dated and dusty.  Downtown dining is on the upswing and if OFM wants to stay in the downtown running, it needs to up it's game.  Is anybody at OFM listening?
2	Pittsburgh has good food.  Don't waste your time at the Fish Market.I stay in the Westin often and have had three meals at this spot in the past week.  The first was fine enough to get me to come back for a second trip.  The second time, our waitress clearly was in no hurry to serve our three-person group in the 50% occupied restaurant.  The third time, the chef's special "coriander-crusted fluke" came out as a couple slabs of tasteless fish coated in bread crumbs and oil and tossed onto a pile of dry couscous, and they served me the wrong salad.Service: most of the staff here don't seem to respond well to ordinary social cues.  For instance, standing at the podium for two minutes probably means I want to be seated, not looked at and ignored by two different waitresses.  Or, when I go to the bar to order takeout, after I submit my order and wait for the server to tell me the wait time, I don't expect him to leave me and start washing dishes.  I may stay at the Westin, but I will exert extra effort to NOT eat there.
1	I have never had such awful, inedible food at such an appallingly ridiculous price. It's not only a failure in execution, the plates are very poorly put together, and the flavors of the sides and sauces with the protein do not marry well at all. I was severely disappointed by plating, and then just got mad when I started eating.You would think for 44$ your steak would at least be properly cooked. What was supposed to be medium, came raw. The steak was tough and tasteless. Ahi tuna, asked rare, was overcooked; also bland, even with the sauce. The oshinko side was laughable. Seriously. I laughed.  pasta was overcooked, and by the time it got to us, the sauce was laminated with coagulating fat. The sushi was an amatuer attempt at best.  There was too much rice, and presentation was sad. Ambience is tacky. Ugly 80s-reminiscent wallpaper covers half the room and framed sketches of fish plaster the other half.Service was the only redeeming quality. To put it in perspective, my neighborhood Houlihans seems gourmet next to this place.
1	We were staying at the Westin and it was late and the Original Fish Market was right on site. Well the experience at both the hotel and the restaurant was dismal. We waited too long to be seated and the hosted seemed to have attitude when we asked one of the servers to find her. A simple "Sorry for the wait" would have been nice. We were about to leave after waiting 15 mins for a waiter. Unfortunately we did not.  The food was all bland and tasteless. Oh! Except for the bold taste of Obay on the fries. I had blackened rainbow trout.  I expected a bold favors but yet nothing. It was not even blackened.  Looked like paprika for color, but that was it.  Mash potatoes were dry and tasted gritty like it came from a box. We skipped dessert for obvious reasons. I am not adverse to paying top dollar for a great meal. I hate paying top dollar for a lousy meal that I could have done better myself.Do yourself a favor and avoid the Original Fish Market.  I was generous to give one star.
2	My experience may different from others because I am an attractive female who went in with 3 young African American males.  Good friends of mine who spent a helluva a lot of money in Pittsburgh that weekend - who work hard and expect good service for good money like everyone else.  We were greeted with reserved distant service.  The waiter said something nervously like "It's all good," or something that people don't even say anymore.  A round of Patron Margaritas were horrible.  They tasted entirely like sour mix and we couldn't even take more than two sips.  Of course, when we ask that they be taken away and replaced with shots of Patron, we were got the "oh, you're that type," look and it took a while to convince the waiter that there was sincerely something wrong with the drinks.  Being used to that look, black folks often stomach bad food just to not appear to be complainers, but these drinks were horrible!  So in the spirit of good faith, we ordered the some appetizers. Shrimp cocktail, crab bisque, and two oyster samplers.  The soup was bland, shrimp were large, but had a wierd texture that didn't seem fresh or like they'd been scrubbed to hide something, and oysters were not evenly sampled on both orders. One appeared to contain mostly one type instead of the 8-9 different types.  We plunked down the $200 for the appetizers and drinks with a nice tip and said ciao - went and had dinner at Sonoma - which was much better... Fish Market needs some lessons on hospitality and diversity OR new management.
3	Sushi was great.  Everyone I was with enjoyed their meal.  I will probably not go back because the location is not great.
1	Terrible crab bisque. My husband liked the fish stew though.  It had lots of beans, was thick and chili-like. The rest of the lunch was so unnoteworthy, I can't remember what I ordered, though almost all of it was still on the plate at the end of lunch.  I do remember the bad taste in my mouth for the rest of the day.
1	Literally the worst restaurant experience that I've ever had, including McDonald's and 24-hour scarf-and-barf diners.Pittsburgh is undergoing a bit of a food renaissance, yet the Original Fish Market continues to put out an inferior product in a horrendous atmosphere at an obscene price.  Our fish was tasteless and rubbery, my white wine came out at room temperature, the restaurant was extremely dirty, and our server was clearly apathetic.  The Original Fish Market opened in 1998, and quickly found a place in the market in a city where Red Lobster was still considered "good seafood".  As top-notch restaurants entered the market, the local palates grew up in a big way.  The Original Fish Market seems content to remain frozen in time competing as a mediocre option in an under served market space.  Unfortunately for them, their market space is now flooded with options offering a far superior product  at a fraction of the price.
1	I went for lunch last week.  The food was awful.  Do not waste your money at this restaurant.
2	One of the only places open downtown after 10 pm mid-week. Terrible service, average and overpriced food, in a hotel lobby, doesn't make a good combo.
1	Seriously, terrible.  Just all around terrible.We've been to the OFM twice now... the first visit was acceptable, but the second was absolutely terrible.  We had late reservations for a quick bite after a lovely night at the O'Reilly to celebrate my husband's birthday.  As sushi lovers, we thought this would be a great way to end the celebration.  We sat at the sushi bar and couldn't get the attention of our waitress or the sushi chef.  After an exhausting 20+ min wait in our seats and just as I was about to go find someone, we finally were able to place our order.  Again... waiting, waiting.  Oh, our wait was enhanced by guests of the hotel (tweens loaded with makeup from what appeared to be dance competition and their drunk parents) standing behind us. No, they were not eating, they were just standing there... yelling, at 11pm.  Our server returned to bring my husband's glass of warm white wine and commented on how terrible our experience must be, but did nothing to help... no drink refills, no offer to call the manager, nothing.   Hubby sent the 14$ glass of bath water, I mean, wine, back to the bar, only to have it replaced with, you guessed it! another glass of warm white wine.  Our sushi was finally ready and it was edible but not enjoyable...  no flavor in the fish and hard rice.  We left before finishing our 40$ meal (1 glass of wine, 1 water, 1 roll, 2 orders of sashimi).  I almost asked for the manager, but frankly was tired of waiting and just wanted to get out of there.  To top it off, we paid $12 for valet parking that would not be validated unless we spent $50 at the restaurant.  We will not give it another chance and suggest you don't give it a first.
3	Had the Walu (Hawaiian butterfish), and was excellent.  Sushi was good, my friends said best ever, I thought more average.  Rock shrimp appetizer also average.  Wait staff was excellent.
5	This is a review of the sushi bar, I did not have anything from the regular menu.  Being a fan of San Francisco, New York and some Boston sushi, I rarely try sushi outside of those cities unless I can clearly see what the fish looks like, smells like, etc.  I was staying in the Westin (this restaurant is in the Westin) and decided to eat dinner here.  I saw a sushi bar that was pretty crowded when I walked in and noticed some great looking sashimi platter being served so I stopped and took a closer look.  Everything looked super fresh and smelled great (i.e. - no smell).  I decided to order a few pieces of sashimi and a hand roll just to try it out.  Well, let's just say that after it arrived I knew I was having a full sushi dinner in Pittsburgh.  Everything was super delicious and made perfectly.  Salmon, Tuna, Yellowtail, Mackerel, etc.  Hand rolls were done just right with the correct ratios and preparation.  I was shocked as I never would have thought of Pittsburgh and good sushi.
1	This place really should be much higher quality for first the prices and second the only food option at the Westin.  I stopped by here two nights ago on a work trip to grab some food.  The wine that I ordered was out (which was fine) and substituted - but for a place with a giant wine cellar I wouldn't suspect that should be an issue for the glass wines.When I went to order I asked the server how the scallops were - and asked her to be honest.  She said that they are the most well done in Pittsburgh.  Well I think she meant that literally because the scallops were as tough as a tire and there presentation was poor with a pile of over salty spinach and some kinds of blobs smeared around the plate.  I was a little bummed about my experience when the 55 dollar bill came for one entree and a glass of wine.Also a one off thing but the overhead light on the table was like a 10K watt surgical spotlight.  It actually hurt my eyes to look at the table it was so bright.  That should be an easy adjustment for the management.  Food quality on the other hand - you need a new chef.
3	Walking around downtown we stumbled into this place for a quick dinner.  It was fairly empty and quiet (nice), our waiter was friendly, and the food was ok.  We all got sushi, which was good.  We had a delicious shrimp and balsamic appetizer, that didn't taste like balsamic, but was great none the less.  The meal was not amazing, it was pricey as expected for a hotel lobby restaurant, and it met expectations.  I wouldn't run back to this place, but I wouldn't run away, either.
3	This is located in the Westin.  Very nice restaurant with great sushi.  Can get crowded at times and that slows the wait staff down a bit.  Overall very prompt.
2	I've been meaning to go back to the Fish Market for so long. I remember the great crab legs I had years ago. I finally had the chance last week and was surprisingly disappointed.The service was great. We sat at the bar and in no time both bartenders greeted us with smiles and menus. I guess my main concern was the food quality. I ordered the beet salad with warm goat cheese (was not warm at all) and shrimp and scallop linguine. Both were not unique in flavor or presentation. It was as if I made it in my own kitchen. My boyfriend enjoyed his lobster bisque and his seafood jambalya that was perfectly spicy.I do applaud the venue for offering a diverse and affordable wine list. And, with all due respect to owners, I think the atmosphere needs a serious update in character and aesthetics. Especially since other key hotels are more pleasing to the eye. This should be vital to one of the BEST hotels in the city! I'd like to return someday to give it another go. We shall see.P.S. Invest in better wine glasses. Ugly. Ugly. Ugly.
5	Was a little hesitant to eat here because of the average to below average reviews. But it was in our hotel and we were famished.But we were pleasantly surprised by our meals that were extremely delicious. I got the Waluu/Butterfish (highly recommend this, although it was a special) and the wife got the corn-meal crusted wall-eye (the bacon whipped mash potatoes were awesome). The service was prompt and on point. For dessert, the creme brulee and cheesecake (with fruit compote) was fantastic as well. The sushi appetizer I got was good (as good as sushi can be) and the Blue Crab soup/bisque got rave reviews from my wife.To boot, since we were going to go see a show at the Benedum, we got 15% off by showing our tickets! If I had to nitpick a con about our experience was that the wine we got (Raimat Chard and some california Riesling) was underwhelming. We look forward to coming back again.
4	I read the reviews here and still decided to try it out. It's SUPER close to work and I was craving some miso soup. I am really glad I didn't let the reviews stop me. I thought that they had pretty descent Sushi. The city of Pittsburgh isn't exactly a mecca of Japanese cuisine, but I think it's VERY comparable to other places throughout the area. I got the OFM roll and it was extremely fresh and really delicious. I totally recommend!
5	My boyfriend and I eat out often! I have never been here before and my aunt suggested we try it! Well, all I can say is I'm glad we did! I can't believe they only have three stars! My sushi was delicious and my boyfriend LOVED HIS MEAL!
2	I was pretty disappointed by this experience. And I usually avoid hotel restaurants for this very reason, but I was tired and I was staying at the Westin, so here I am at the Original Fish Market...I sat at the bar and ordered dinner. The bartender was very friendly and made sure she was taking care of me. So props to her! I got a menu and a sushi menu. OK, I'm pretty sure Pittsburg isn't the most awesome place for sushi, but let's give it a shot! I started with the gumbo, which came out warm and kind of bland. It wasn't good at all. And then I had a roll, which was decent. And a spicy scallop roll. Now, everyone has their own take on spicy scallop, but this was by far the furthest from what I could imagine a spicy scallop roll could be. It was a small roll cut into 6 pieces (maki). It had a very small amount of raw scallops, which didn't taste super fresh. Then the roll was topped with the "spicy". I can't identify exactly the spices that were on top, but I've had this type of spice combination on other Japanese dishes. So I know it's an off the shelf thing. Basically, this was the worst roll I could imagine.So all-in-all, the food was sub-par at best. And the entire menu was overpriced. I would definitely eat somewhere else if I had any energy at all. I'm sure the room service would have been better.
4	just went for drinks.  Seemed nice.  Good happy hour
3	I haven't had a full meal here but I had one of the best drink's of my life... The Sapphire Collins and it was amazing. That is coming from a non Gin drinker, so tasty and made just right not too boozy! Then I had the most mouth watering crispy light Calamari to go with it, completely enjoyable. My friend was unimpressed with her Sushi, but to be fair she is unimpressed with everything in life. What I liked about this place was the location on Penn ave was close to many cultural district venues. I would give this place a shot if you're gunshy about previous reviews and prices just try an appetizer and drinks like I did as a before evening out spot its great!
3	Was able to go in without a wait. Part of the Westin Hotel, there is a nice decor to the OFM, but the clientele seem to be going elsewhere.Our server was very helpful and gave us some suggestions on what to order. We asked about what sushi rolls we could start off with as appetizers for the group, and he suggested two that worked very well. They were both tuna-based, one mild and one spicier. It definitely lives up to the claim that OFM has some good sushi.We then ordered our mains, and I got the cioppino. Now, I'm used to cioppino coming out as a stew with chunks of fish in a broth, but OFM's chef has decided to serve an entire slab of mahi on a thin layer of the broth with the accompanying shellfish. The dish was cooked well, but the presentation (lack of actual stew) left me wanting for more.The caesar salad was pretty good, with actual anchovies on top.The Hawaiian waluu dish got a thumbs up.The crab cakes were also said to be very tasty.Overall, the experience was nice and relaxed, and the service is friendly. However, the food itself (besides the sushi) needs to be reinvigorated somehow to get it back into competition with all the new kids on the block.
3	Surprised by the poor reviews here. Yes, the restaurant's interior is... strange ( cavernous, dark, and smells a bit musty ), but overall we actually enjoyed this place. The sushi was much better than expected and Olivia was a great server. If I ever come back to Pitt, I'd come here with no problem.
3	I was one of three women who ate here on a Thursday night while here for business.  We got seated right away, but after that the service was slow and I had to keep asking for drink refills.  The 3 rolls that were brought out came with a really good flavored butter.  We were never asked if we wanted more or how things were.  We just ordered 3 salads and 3 appetizers and all were good portions and very good tasting too, and worth the prices.  We didn't know ahead that if you spend $50 you could get your Westin parking validated, we had paid $10 to park just across the street but that didn't count.
2	Have you ever eaten in a place where the whole seems far less than the sum of its parts?  Believe me, the Original Fish Market fits that description.  I met my mom and dad here for a pre-concert (Bonnie Raitt) dinner and honestly I wish we'd gone someplace else.  To be fair there wasn't anything particularly wrong with the food or service.  I've enjoyed seafood restaurants before and while my dinner was okay, it was only just "okay".  There wasn't anything particularly memorable about it.  Nothing that made me say, "Wow"!  My parents didn't hate their dinners either but they weren't impressed.And therein lies the problem.  The Original Fish Market wants to be a swanky hotel restaurant.  It certainly sets its prices high enough ($25.00-$45.00 per entree).  But the quality just doesn't match the price.
2	First time I've eaten here I went during lunch time. Not crowded but service was quite slow so I took off a star. My girlfriend ordered from their sushi lunch special and I ordered the bison burger. You're probably asking why order that when at a fish market. Well I originally planned on fish but I hadn't had bison in a while and it caught my eye. Well the menu is a bit pricey and I don't mind paying for good food so I had high expectations. He bison burger was mediocre (took a star away) The menu said bacon, but none showed up. No worries probably better for me. I felt at $15 for a bison burger this thing should freaking be awesome. Not the case. I would put it at $8.99-$9.99 price range I would pay since they gave me chips as a side. So they lost another star for over priced for the value I received. The girlfriends sushi meal was a bit over priced for a lunch menu. Two basic rolls and miso soup for $16. This would easy go for $14 at other places during lunch. So ultimately would I give it another shot? Yes, but only if it is convenient. I would not go out of my way or tell friends about this place.  Helpful advice for the OFM.  Actually have lunch specials. If you charge the prices you charge the food needs to be worth the price or you will lose return customers. Two rolls of sushi and a burger shouldn't cost me $33 unless you are going to blow minds!
3	Confusing! No one to greet me so I wasn't sure if I should go to the regular the bar or the sushi bar. I chose e sushi bar based on the number of available seat-all of them. I waited for eye contact with one of the sushi preparers. Obtained we contact after an extended period of time. He gave me a menu and instructions. But I Asked about process since I wanted a cocktail as well. Waiter will be there shortly. And he was! Cocktail order submitted, sushi items and cocktail arrived quickly, but I still needed more coaching on the method for closing out check. Prices-moderate, Staff -not the worst, but needs improvement. Sushi -decent. Bottom line-Communication for new guests needs improvement.
1	DIDN'T EAT HERE...this review not about the food.  We went on Friday night around 8pm, there seemed to be about 25% occupancy.  The hostess asked us if we had a reservation, we didn't , and she told us that they were somewhat behind and that we would have to wait 20-30 minutes.  WTF?  We IMMEDIATELY left and frankly its not worth going back again.  shame, the fish was good there. Crappy hostess for sure.
5	Had awesome service and pretty excellent sushi. They have these lettuce wraps which are to die for! Highly suggest them.
4	I come here perhaps twice a week for the past few months. The lobster bisque and salmon are great. Apart from that, try their salmon and tuna sashimi. If you're at the sushi bar, you're in and out with a wholesome meal within half an hour which is great when you're travelling for work and need a quick meal
3	The restaurant is located in the lobby of the Westin.  I was staying at the hotel but avoided the restaurant given that it was less than 3 stars on YELP.  The last night, I was tired and worked until 9PM, so decided to give it a try.The menu itself is good.  They have seafood and sushi and there were plenty of dishes that caught my eye, though settled on a couple of sushi rolls.The sushi rolls were good, and they have a good draught beer selection.  From a food perspective, I would give it a 3.5 stars, approaching four, but then I only had the sushi.  Still, just based on food, I'll try it again.However, where it may get a bad reputation is service, which isn't very good.  The bar was about half full, otherwise the restaurant was at most 10% occupied.  Still, anyone sitting at the bar had to wave to the bartender to get his attention, and it took about 25 minutes for my two rolls to come out.  That might explain the 2.5 star rating.Since I'll likely be staying at this Westin for awhile, probably will try it again.
2	I've been to the Fish Market many, many times over the last 18 years or so. It doesn't change much. They get maximum money for average seafood (or anything else). The sushi wasn't great this last trip (last week), and didn't taste terribly fresh. The Miso soup was barely average. I did like the Tataki roll, but it was the only saving grace of the meal. Overly expensive for what you get, and service can range between average and terrible. Oh, and the bartender that's been there for as long as I've been going is seriously crappy, and I'm amazed he's lasted so long - is that a union gig?
2	McCormick & Schmick's knockoff is the best way to describe this completely non-memorable place. I agree with the other person who said "it's trying to be a swanky hotel bar/restaurant". That may sound dumb but as someone who frequents hotels & their restaurants it can easily go either way. I've found you can get a great read on a place by the vibe of a hotel lounge. I hope for Pittsburgh this is not the case. Did I expect more from a Westin? Yes. Am I surprised? No.Sub-par sushi. Tasted like takeout from Wegmans (holler, Rochester!). My Sauv Blanc was room temp & obviously an old bottle because it tasted nothing like it should (Kim Crawford is my standby so this was extra disappointing). Walk across the street & check out the Tonic Bar, I wish I had.
1	Stopped in for lunch. No greeter so we weren't sure where to go. Super expensive for the portions. My salad had dressing only in the center. The rest was dry. My sweet potato fries that came with breaded shrimp tasted BBQ-ish  weird. But the worst was that my breaded shrimp actually had a curly hair cooked into the bread ing. It was disgusting. The waitress apologized and offered to replace but my appetitive was gone by then. She however did not offer to comp the meal. I would absolutely not return nor recommend it to anyone. Way too overpriced and the hair was a disgusting unwanted bonus :-(
3	So, foolishly, I tried again.  I entered about 5 minutes before closing, the disinterested bartender told me "no way" to order sushi.  I asked the sushi chefs who were packing up, and they told me sure.  It was really good, I did feel that I wasn't welcome.  Again, I'm thinking I won't go back-too many new and good restaurants that try really hard for your $$.
5	In the lobby of the Westin. Service was friendly and exact. Good was excellent, especially since I thought it would be a mediocre "hotel lunch" at best. Scallops with potatoes and corn hash and some lovely mushrooms as well. Cajun shrimp butter was fantastic too!
5	High end seafood attached to a high end hotel. I liked the large bar area where I had lunch. Tried the fish (Cod) sandwich that was fresh and high quality. Great service too. I would return again when in town for any reason.
5	Was visiting Pittsburgh & stopped in here for a drink and sushi after Gay Pride Concert, and I was beyond impressed!Not only with the fresh sushi and kick ass cocktails but the staff was stellar!Very attentive and even got my sushi order in after the sushi bar was just about to shut down for the evening.OMG, the manager; Shiah Richardson (she impressed me so much that I made it a point to grab her card so I would remember her name specifically for this review) was beyond accommodating!  She greeted us at the door, made a few suggestions from the menu & when asked about sushi (as I noticed the sushi chef preparing to break the bar down) She assured us that it wasn't too late to get a sushi order in.I haven't seen a manager and a staff work as a "team" in years!Talk about TEAMWORK!Any manager that is that zealous and dedicated to their job definitely deserves a raise!Next time I visit Pittsburgh this will definitely be on my places to dine AGAIN AND AGAIN!My only regret is that we arrived earlier in the day so we could EAT MORE SUSHI and try more of their signature drinks.Thanks Original Fish Market!
2	I am sorry to have to give the Original Fish Market a 2 rating, I could of given it a 3-4 but the service was pretty sad! We sat down for lunch after checking into our hotel room. We waited too long for the waiter to initially great us, and there may have only been 5-10 diners in the entire restaurant, so this is the main reason for a 2, hopefully it's a rarity because the food was pretty good. I had the Cod sandwich , it was hot and tasty, probably one of the better fish sandwiches I've had. So it disappoints me to dole out a 2 but service is important!
1	Not good. I suspect the servers are over worked or spread too thin b/c the service sucked. The food was ok, but nothing special. It's a shame b/c better service would have made the experience decent.
2	We checked this out for lunch, since we were staying at the Weston.The sushi, I thought, was pretty good.  Nothing outstanding, and I probably wouldn't seek it out again, but it wasn't bad.  My friends ordered other things off the menu; the verdict was largely that the food looked good, but was bland; this was especially apparently true of the fish sandwich.The attached bar is *small* with a very limited selection of beers and liquors.  Perplexingly, they also have loads of bar seating, but don't open that area for happy hour time.  It seems you could not get appetizers and hang out until some point later in the evening.Super expensive too.  Go somewhere else for lunch, there are many better options in the area.
