4	Had a fantastic conference at the David L Lawrence Convention Center and was very impressed with all of the "green" features they've incorporated into the building.Structurally a very interesting building to look at, the convention center is right along the river and provides for some gorgeous views between sessions.  There is a large glass walk way over the main convention floor which makes for great people-watching or trying to track down somebody on the floor (hope they're wearing something bright!).I especially liked how the lighting would adjust based on how much natural light was being let in from the roof windows.  On a bright day, the convention center doesn't use artificial lights.  But when it gets too cloudy, the lights kick in.  So if half the floor is sunny and the other half isn't, only half of the lights come on.  Hardly noticable, but absolutely appreciated.Bus loading/unloading area is very convenient - especially in a city that gets weather as cold as Pittsburgh.  (you don't want to be out in that cold breeze for long!)I also liked having a walkway directly connecting to the Westin.  Very convenient to not have to go outside to get to the conference.  There's also a decent restaurant, The Original Fish Market, attached to the hotel for those meals that aren't provided by your conference.The one annoying thing I did notice was elevator service.  Very slow.  We walked over from the 2nd floor of the westin, had to take the elevator up one floor, walk across the glass bridge, and then go down the escalator to get to the main floor.  Kind of a backwards way of doing it...Plus, one of the 2 elevators from the 2nd floor sky bridge broke down for part of a day, which made handling the crowds from the conference pretty tough.  And for some reason they wouldn't let us walk the 1 flight of stairs down to the Sky Bridge.But all in all, a very pleasant experience.  If you're looking for a good place to have a conference, I'd recommend taking a look at Pittsburgh.
3	I have little experience with convention centers other than this one and another one in Philadelphia. However, there are some good things to be said about this one. First is the enclosed walkway between the Westin and the Convention Center. If you're staying at the Westin, this walkway is great for a rainy day or if you don't wish to go out into a hot, humid outdoors. In the convention center, the corridors and halls are spacious. There are quite a number of well-maintained restrooms. On one side of the convention center, the balcony overlooking the Allegheny River offers a great view and a chance to get some air.Downsides: The connection between the Westin walkway and the convention center is a slow elevator, which you have to take one level up/down. This problem could've been solved by having the walkway be one level higher from the 3rd floor of the Westin. Parking is expensive in this area. We expect that for a city setting but you'd have to go out a few blocks to find anything under double digits per day.
4	I love the Convention Center.  I go to the car shows every year here, and they always put together a great program no matter what it is.  It is a great venue with a ton of room.  Not to mention, they have little concession stands set up that serve up some delicious food that will keep you satisfied.
4	A friend and I came here last month for a car show and had a pretty good time. The place is ginormous! It's also clean, and that's pretty much all I can say about it. We didn't eat there, so I can't comment on the food. The convention center is probably underutilized. I'd like to see a big comics convention come here for instance.
4	How do you review a convention center? Let's go with aesthetic. It's gorgeous! I mean, let's be honest. they can be pretty blah. But I love that it's on the river and they actually take advantage of it! The whole thing is pretty much one giant window overlooking the river. I'm always there clicking pics of the city skyline. So how about talking about actually attending some things here? I've been to a handful of conventions here and it's been really well set up. The Home and Garden Show is incredible! It's just floors and floors of exhibits. I thought maybe we'd spend an hour there, but you could easily spend hours or even days! I've also spent some time at the Farm to Table Conference and Handmade Arcade. Both have also been really well set up. I like that theirs a good amount of room to walk between aisles. Especially when it gets crowded. I've also attended a nice dinner here once and the transformation the room makes between conference and evening affair is surprising. They really do make an effort to not make it seem like a generic convention center. Believe, I've seen some ugly ones!The only issue you'll run into is parking. I've been there a couple times when even a little bit into an event the parking at the actual convention center is full. Not too bad though because there's close parking in the Strip for cheaper! So go take in the view... and I guess some kind of show!
4	I got to admit this convention center has a great view of the river! Most centers don't have a view at all, so I was very impressed with this one!As far as convention centers go, this one was roomy, easy to navigate, and very clean! They even had accessible outdoor locations for those wanting to smoke (which I don't condone) or those just needing some fresh air (which I do condone.)The only down side I had to this convention center was the waterfall in the middle of the road, under the overpass, beneath the convention center. The echo of the falling water made it very hard to hear yourself let alone the people you're walking with. Overall great location, easy to walk to from many parts of downtown Pittsburgh, and one of the better convention centers I've been to.
3	This place is easy on the eyes...it's actually quite lovely.From a functionality standpoint, I've seen better, however.I come here every year for the expo for the marathon and it's decent for that.  However, the bathrooms are way too small and for some reason, the sink in the men's room throws water everywhere so the floor is wet.Wet bathroom floors are not my bag, baby.  You never know if it's water or something more sinister.Nicer cans would net this place another star.
4	The staff was all very helpful, very clean, great view of the city and close to a lot of great restaurants. Love the atmosphere.
5	Over the past five years, I've been to this convention center four times and have enjoyed each time here. It's an impressive and well maintained building that provides both locals and out-of-towners with a good impression of the city. The first time at the center, I lived in NC and was attending a big work event here. I was very impressed by the architecture of the center but sadly wasn't in an area where I could see beautiful views of the city. After moving to Pittsburgh, I came for the annual home show and auto show. Though I liked both shows, the auto show was a bit more impressive. I hear that the home and garden show is a must-attend! Finally, I came here for the Boden liquidation sale yesterday. The views from the line to enter (where I sat for a looong time) were absolutely stunning! The section of the center overlooked the river and the North Shore with a bridge flanking both sides of the view. I didn't mind the wait just because I could admire the view. I look forward to coming back for the home and garden and auto shows in 2014!
3	The Convention Center is beautiful, and offers a stunning view from their floor-to-ceiling windows facing the river.  It's clean, modern, and centrally-located with access to a variety of restaurants on Penn Avenue.A parking garage is attached, however, it's almost ALWAYS full for a big event.  If you plan to park there, get there early.  And don't wait in the line at the paystations, you can pay with a credit card at the exit and a receipt will be printed on your ticket.  Otherwise, you can park in the Pittsburgh Parking Authority garages over by the Greyhound Station on Penn.There IS an ATM on the first floor of each side; had an employee tell me there were not any in the Convention Center, but that is def not true.The Convention Center is LEED certified and has won awards for being totally green.  Here is my gripe - totally green, but still using paper towels and old-fashioned hand dryers in the bathrooms?  And heaven-forbid you want to bring your own bottle and fill it up with water at a fountain, those fountains are few and far between (and the water in the bathrooms is set to a warmer temp for hand-washing).  Come on, Convention Center!
4	I was lucky enough that the conference I had to attend (which changes cities every year) was in Pittsburgh the year I gave a seminar! I really enjoyed riding the bus downtown to the Convention Center everyday, and the venue is really beautiful. Located right on the river, the balcony views from the upper tiers of the center are pretty fantastic. Furthermore, the maze inside was pretty easily navigable- this was really important to me because I had to get in and out of rooms quickly as seminars started and stopped every 20 minutes. Compared to other venues I've been to across the country, the David L. Lawrence Convention Center stacks up well. It was great to see Pittsburgh showcased in such a great light.
4	This has to be one of the nicer convention centers I've been to. Parking was easy and but not cheep at $10. It is located right in the river with large floor to ceiling windows that make the already large space seen even larger.There are several floors to this place and I was only on the 2nd for the Farm to Table tasting event here last night. The set up was nice and not once did I feel packed in like sardines. The area was closed off by curtains so we couldn't see the great view this place offers but it was still a very functional space. The event itself offer lots and lots of great food and wine to taste and purchase if you felt so inclined. There were a few standouts at this event. Nemicolin with there pork belly from foot print farm and grits was just amazing. So much so that I plan on making a trip out for a tasting in the next few months. Letrec here I come. Also I purchased 2 bottles from R wine cellar. Both bottles are there spiced wine. Also got a Tuscan herb infused olive oil from the enchanted olive. Amazing!!! Overall this I had a great experience and won't think twice about coming to another event here. Might take my boy to the dinosaur event this weekend. We'll see.
3	Most who will read this likely don't have a choice of whether to use the convention center or not, but what the heck...PROS:- This place is HUGE! Pretty sure they could have two massive conventions going on at the same time, and you'd never know.- Nice views of both downtown and the river.- Nicely equipped rooms for speaker sessions.CONS:- I could have worn a sweater (in July mind you) and still have been cold.- The layout is not convenient. I felt like I walked more inside the place than my walk from my hotel about 3/4 of a mile away. They could really use a more obvious entrance that isn't on the opposite side of downtown. Thank goodness our convention had good signage inside.Overall not great, but not bad. Could be better, but a fine place to have a conference, especially if you need a lot of space.
4	Shhh this convention center is a secret. This convention center is great, but there are rarely any events held here. I have been here for 3 separate conventions, and the center has tons of space. The only thing that could make the convention center better is more events!
