5	The people at Discount Tire are first rate professionals!I needed an alignment.  Discount Tire doesn't do alignments, so they recommended a shop that they work with, and told me to tell them they referred me, for discounted pricing.(After placing a few phone calls, all of what I was told by Discount Tire was true :))The salesman at Discount Tire also explained the *free* services they offer to non customers - specifically free tire rotations, and the like.In spite of the fact that I expressed that I was a recent customer of their competitor, the people at this Discount Tire location treated me like gold.Next time I need tires, I am going to Discount Tire.
5	Came in to have new four tires put in myJeep. Jacob, the Salesman was so helpful, nice  & answered my questions . The work was done quickly . GREAT service:)
5	This place was a lifesaver! We were on our way home driving from Florida to Ohio and had stopped to visit relatives in Charlotte overnight. We had been driving on a tire that kept going flat, so we knew we needed to replace it before we drove the rest of the way home. We were so glad that Discount Tire was able to fit us in for an appointment and replace our tires quickly for such a reasonable price! We were in and out of the tire shop in less than 45 minutes and were able to get back on the road soon after. The staff we spoke with, particularly Jake the assistant manager, were very friendly and helpful, and they explained what was wrong with our tires clearly as well as the options for replacement. The place itself very nice and clean (it didn't feel grimy like most auto shops I've been to before). I would definitely recommend this place if you're in the market for new or used tires because they treat you right here!
3	Used these guy when we arrived here in September 2012.  They did a great job and send email follow-ups reminding you when to come in for your free rotations.They have an ample parking lot so when you pull in an employee can meet with you to discuss your tire condition and help you with your decisions.  A nice touch if you are not certain if you need tires replaced or repaired.Their line of tires include some very inexpensive ones made in, of all places, Vietnam, so suggest you go beyond price and ask about the tire quality.  I have found that you get what you pay for.Nice folks all around.
5	I came in for a nail in my tire and I don't know if they do this for everyone but they fixed my tire for free! It was the first time I had ever been in, but Jacob and the technician working on my car treated me like I was a long time customer! I was able to make an appointment online and I was out faster than I expected! I would recommend this team to anyone with tire or service needs!
5	Fastest I have ever seen! I have earned my business! Keep up the good work.
5	Thank you Discount Tire for your service this past weekend with the purchase of a new tire to replace a flat that I had.  You went above and beyond helping me get the right tire for my car.  While you have always had the best prices in the past when we have purchased tires, the  statement of "INTEGRITY" hanging in your stores is very accurate and most definitely applied.
