2	SOME People with strollers annoy me!  Sorry.  Ok, that's out the way.   This festival could be more fun if #1 the vendors didn't run out of candy and #2 the lines weren't so long at the vendors/ballons  that had candy.  #3 there were more events/games than bouncy houses!  It is Halloween... Fall... a Festival.... how about games of some sort of skill (potato sack racing, obstacle courses, etc!!!), things you would expect at a Fall Harvest Festival.We got there at about 5:10, so we did not experience all of the parking issues that others did.  But I can imagine that it was awful considering we waited in line and there were about 15 cars in the area at the time when we were parking.  The KICKER?  1 Adult and 2 kids... $50 spent without any food, w/o any real drinks!  Radio disney was a bright spot.  Wow, the energy of the staff was awesome.  I didn't know that the radio Disney had a local staion on the AM band.  I listen to satellite radio,  but that is good info to know.  Tethered hot air balloon rides were nice.  I'm over this event. Sorry, I tried to like it, but just could not get past the fact that it is advertised as a place to trick or treat BUT the treats were in short supply.  I wouldn't go back to this again.
2	This event needs a total makeover if they are ever going to do it again.  Horrible parking, badly organized, and not what was expected from a Halloween event. Where were the games?  5-6 things for kids under 5 to do. Basically this was an event to see tethered balloons with some food.  Not even worth the 1/2 price tickets. I feel bad for anyone who paid full price.
1	Darn I was excited to bring my 3 boys 12, 11, and 9 here during our Fall Break trip from Colorado. Yes as stated by other reviewers the parking was insane, when I got past that part I was soooo thankful to have prepurchased my tickets on Living Social because the line for admission tickets was crazy long, though I'm not sure what my admission money went to besides looking at balloons up close.  The event advertised trick or treating at each balloon.....a big attraction for me, not so much! Lines at the balloons 50 people deep to trick or treat???? That was at 3 of the balloons the others didn't even have trick or treating except for one other one which had a guy sitting in a chair between two balloons.  The event went from 5-10, we got there about 7:00. Ok let's talk about the food lines! OMG ridiculous.  25 people in line minimum at each vendor, when you did make it to the front of the line most vendors were out of original selections. I think I read this was the inaugural year so I may let that slide except.....They knew how many preticket sales went out??? So other than see the balloons up close what was there to do? Food vendors(discussed lines too long), 10 bounce houses ( needed to purchase additional tickets for this,  ticket line? You guessed it very very very long), I heard there was a haunted house, probably needed tickets and line was provably long, live music, and local businesses pedaling their stuff or services. This event needs a major overhaul, be wary if you plan to attend next year.
1	This might be the worst event I have ever been to, hands down. The parking was ridiculous (took almost 45 min to get in and we still had to walk through the desert), the candy and trick or treating was pathetic, and it was way too crowded. It literally reminded me of the State Fair without rides, the highlight being the fry bead. It was so poorly organized they didn't even have near enough tables for people to eat at so everyone was just sitting in the grass where people were trying to walk, making visiting the booths and hot air balloons nearly impossible. There was literally nothing for my 2 1/2 year old daughter to do, and if I let her walk around, she would have been lost in the sea of people. Oh, and what a joy waiting 10 min in line to get one piece of crappy candy, I was so annoyed I could have screamed. The hot air balloons were nice to look at for about 10 min and it would have been easier to see them from outside the stadium in my car.  Overall, this event sucked, period. If they do this event next year I hope people do their research before wasting their time going to this. So frustrating.
1	I agree with the reviews I read, poor poor event, I would complain to someone, but who?  $40 to get in to look at balloons being pulled down by 730pm.  I didnt know it would be over at 730, yep, the candy was long gone, the ballooners were out, the lame haunted house, another $5 each was well, lame.  one person jumped out at us.  The food vendors were backed up, 10 minute wait for FRENCH FRIES.  No fun at all, except my teenagers liked the live boy band at the end.  Well they were boys and mine are girls and they played rock and roll.  Who wouldn't like them!  That was the only redeeming factor in an otherwise drab night.Who was that band?  One Two open?  something like that.
1	I agree with all of the reviews on here. This "festival" is not worth attending and we will be skipping it next year. The parking is atrocious. We ended up having to illegally exit the parking lot just to be able to get out of the parking lot within three hours, seriously! Additionally, the whole festival is a lawsuit waiting to happen as these balloons are not secured and a good wind will send one of them coming down to the ground or crushing a kid. There's way more people in this place than it can hold safely and on top of that there is very little to no organization to the event.Overall just a terrible experience.
2	Pretty much echoing the same gripes as the other reviewers.  Parking was horrid.  Getting in was alright as we got there before the festival opened.  Getting out was another thing all together.  I drive a tall SUV, so after sitting in a line for 10 minues, I decided to off-road it to get out.  The balloons were all handing out cheap candy.  And the ones that werent, or werent out of candy, had lines that were very long.  All in all, there wasnt a lot for kids to do - Radio Disney booth aside.The only positives were - 1) a friend of ours had her vendor booth set up there. So we got to see her.  2) I purchased a Groupon for 2-4-1 admission.  Thank goodness.  I dont think that I would have been happy paying full price. This year, I was going to buy another groupon/living social deal.  BUT they originally only had the deals for Friday.  Then they opened up the option for Saturday for Groupon only, with ticket sales being limited.  By the time i went to buy the saturday groupon, it was already sold out.  Guess we'll be going to Howl-O-Ween at the Phx Zoo this year instead.  I have a feeling our money will be money well spent at the zoo.
1	We had a rough night. One disclaimer, I'm not a girl who is much into roughing it. But wow, there is not a single comfort or luxury at this place.It took us 45 minutes to park. We sat in a line in the street to get to the venue and then another for disabled parking for my dad who was with us and has mobility challenges. By the time we got to the disabled lot, we were informed that the lot was full and had to drive to the back of the complex (a dusty dirt lot full of rocks) to park, about 150 yards from the entrance.By the time we arrived our kids were already melting down. Basically this event is a bunch of hot air balloons in a giant dirt lot. The food we wound up getting was expensive ($8 BBQ sandwich and $6 fries, spent $23 for a side of Mac n Cheese and 4 bottles of water), and below average (even for a festival style event). There is also nowhere to sit, not a single table or chair in the entire place (especially rough on the disabled folks) so people just camp out on the (dirt) ground all over the place.The kids are able to trick or treat at the hot air balloons, but the lines to get candy were very long and they give one piece of candy per child. Not that I was looking to make a candy killing, but after an hour of "trick or treating" the kids didn't have much to show for it.The port a potties could've used some attention and they were pitch black inside (no lighting in the area and grateful the kids didn't have to go).We finally persuaded the kids to get milkshakes and leave. We were there with cousins and spent $40 for 7 milkshakes. Yeah, do that math.I feel so bad complaining so much. It's a personal policy for me to mostly just reward great experiences with positive reviews rather than complain. But yeah, we'll just wait for Halloween next year....
1	It was horrible to park.  There were way to many people.  The lines to everything were long.  Bring cash most vendors don't take credit cards.  $10 per person to get in and we left after 20 minutes due to too many people.
1	Well along with the others, I don't have much good to say. Parking if course is crappy, but could be much worse. Not sure what we got for the admission. All the four was pretty overpriced along with drinks. All activities cost extra. We got there at 5:45 and every vendor our kids went up to were out of candy already. 4000 lbs, it says on the website??? Gone in an hour???? Hmm. Also very crowded and the damn people that think they need to bring a stroller the size of a SUV, can kiss my ass. I can't count how many times I was run into. Made an amusement park on a holiday weekend look pleasant. Won't be back.
3	I don't know what people truly expect when they go to a fair like event,  but for my family it was a nice experience.  The ballons where pretty and if one had a long "line" for candy, you could easily go to two more with very short waits for candy. Some people also complain about it being cheap candy but get real what do you expect king size bars? Also the food was actually slightly cheaper than most fair prices. The rides were designed for small children and not that great,  but then again this event is not advertised as an amusement park so there you go. I also did not see or pay any fee for parking.  All in all, this is a nice family friendly event and would consider coming again next year.
5	This was fantastic. The kids ran around and got candy from the balloon people. There were some lines but nothing crazy.  The food vendors had great food like bacon Mac and cheese and cheesecake on a stick. The food was a little pricey but that's pretty normal for this type of event.
4	(** reading a few of these reviews talking about no seating (there wasn't a lot but certainly some) or vendors running of candy (which we didn't experience) or long lines (not really) surprised me. We stayed from about 5 to 7:30 and had no problems whatsoever.)We got there as it opened, had no trouble parking and had an all around enjoyable time. The balloons were pretty cool, the food was as you'd expect, kids got to trick-or-treat among the vendors and balloons, and there were plenty of bouncies for the kids (my personal favorite were the large hamster ball thingies.)My only complaint, really, was the costs. Admission was $30 (family of 4), $20 for tickets for the bouncies (which went FAST) and our last $10 got us a BBQ sandwich and water. Sixty bucks was a lot and we easily could've spent more. My suggestion would be for a $10 bracelet for unlimited turns on the slides and bounce houses.Either way, I'm sure we will go back next year!
