5	I visited Tunnel Espresso Bar as part of my quest to complete the Montreal Indie Coffee Passport. Having tried out their delicious coffee, I really can't wait to go back! This coffee at Tunnel is awesome - an unforgettably rich and flavourful taste. The coffee beans are also responsibly sourced (roasted in Canada, I believe).As far as I know, the only person who works there is the owner, Rob. He's tremendously knowledgable about coffee, and a fantastic person to have a conversation with.  There doesn't seem to be fixed hours of operation. They are typically open in the morning on weekdays.
5	i loved the idea and the look of the place . simplicity of the menu . everything just on the go.
4	Phil & Sebastian coffee from Calgary, and cool guys making the coffee!Very unsual location but convenient if you work at eaton center! I will come back!!
4	Tunnel is one of my favourite coffee shops in town! The owner Andrew is super friendly and the coffee is great. Mocha is my favourite and they just had a new menu recently. I tried the honey latte and it was pretty good! They have a selection of pastries (e.g. brownies, cookies, apple cake etc) and they are all homemade by the owner's mum! Most of the baked goods are usually sold out in the early afternoon, so it's better to go there in the morning. Tunnel also has a great selection of tea, try the Amour if you like soothing tea!
4	My nephew discovered this place while on a visit to see me here in montreal a couple of weeks ago. While he waited in Place du Canada for me to finish work he looked up a decent coffee shop in the vicinity on Yelp and went and got himself a latte. On his recommendation I dropped in at the start of this week to try them out.I ordered a flat white which was not on the menu but the guy didn't make any further enquiries as to what I wanted so I assume everything was okay. What he served me was a large cup Latte  which was disappointing. I am not the type either to complain, the coffee itself was exceptional but too milky. On my return I asked for a flat white in a small cup - hoping they got the message that I wanted more coffee and less milk. Again I got a latte in a small cup. I guess I am going to have to just pluck up the courage to explain what exactly it is I want. I must say tho the coffee is excellent. Wonderful balance in the roast.
5	Like me, there is a chance you have passed this place hundreds times but never noticed it! If you are passing the tunnel between Eaten Center and Ville-Marie, look around, you will see a tiny espresso bar that offers authentic Italian style Macchiato.
4	Quite delicious coffee parked in a smart and unconventional location served by nice people. Total win for the metro warrior downtown, or anyone lost in the city underground.
5	HOW TO FIND IT: Enter 1253 McGill College Street (between 3 brasseurs and Boccacino's). Pass reception desk and elevators, go down the staircase on the left. Continue until you reach the doors, then turn right (there's a nail salon at the corner). A few more steps and a delicious coffee awaits!Coffee at this LITTERALLY hole-in-the wall spot (it's just a counter) is stellar & addictive! The service is warm and friendly, owner is always there brewing the black gold himself.
5	By far the best cappuccino in Montreal. If you go on Fridays, you can even find home made cannelloni, can it get any better than this?!
5	Buy a coffee there whenever you can. I won't fool you, this is not the one best coffee place Montreal. It comes 3rd IMHO. BUT. This is the most convenient great coffee place in Montreal.  What I mean is that there are thousands of reasons for you to be close to the Tunnel, and if you are there are 0 reason for you not to pass by. If you like coffee, stop, order a cappuccino, and enjoy the rest of your day.
5	Tried it one, great service to go along with great espresso. I was so impress with it, for an area 8' x 10' to be so incredible! Wish I had the time to go back. The cup I had was so smooth, great body and no bitterness.
3	they always have a new variety/ origin of beans so it keeps things interesting. only reproach is that their frothed milk is never hot enough or at best inconsistent temperature wise. They could really benefit from using a thermometer
