1	i was having a rough and stressful day.. and very hungry..  i was craving chicken and only place near me..  KFC.. what more is there to write about?? it says it all KFC!  should i talk about rude employees? should i talk about how dirty it was? or maybe i should talk about how nasty the food it was?? ummmmm...  well.. i was hungry.. and i was not planning to drive.. so i ordered grilled chicken..  okay.."sigh".. here is the problem.. i didn't care much about  rude customer service.. place being dirty.. or order took little longer than usual..  but all i wanted was juicy tender grilled chicken with my hot sauce and wash it down with ice cold soda..  am i asking too much here?? can a man take the time and enjoy his life a little?nah.. i was asking too much...chicken was soo dry.. it can pass for beef jerky.. come on now? at this point.. i realized and understood.. why some people gone insane and start shooting... i really wanted to throw my chicken at the staff who prep it..  now i know why they call it KFC.. killed for chicken!!
2	This KFC is really slow you have to wait in long time in line before they actually ask if they can help, before you taken order, The portion size seem to be a lot smaller I don't know what's going on here so attempt with caution the tables are always sticky and the floor is always dirty.
2	Yum Yum chicken strips.Chicken strips which a vicious tonight they're only 260 cal for three yum Yum enjoy
1	How the shit do you run out of extra crispy, original recipe, and pot pies at the same time?
1	This place is a complete joke!! It's ran by a bunch of kids that don't even know how to read the cash register, let alone make fried chicken!! Don't bother asking for extra crispy, they look at you like you just ask them for pizza. If you do manage to want what they have (because it seems like they are never making something ahead of time ) get real comfortable it could be a half hour before you get your fast food. I literally have no idea how they have managed to stay in business.
1	The rudest customer service I have ever experienced!!!Don't know how they stay in business.
1	Terrible customer service-even witnessed rudeness to a woman in a wheel chair. We ordered one thing-bucket of GRILLED chicken. They gave us fried.   Little wonder why Chick Fil A dominates.   AVOID
