2	No one bothered helping us : (
4	Very helpful staff and knowledgeable.  You can tell they are riders.  Will go out of their way to show you products, properly size you and give you recent discounts you might not be aware of.  Have purchased both dirt and street gear and will continue.
1	OMG! Avoid this place at all cost!
4	Been here over and over an have had nothing but great service.   Helped me with my helmet and Scala with no hassle at all.
5	I have loved online shopping for as long as I can remember.  However, I recently moved about a mile away and wanted some boots.  I couldn't find prices I Iiked online and when I came in I found a darn good pair of street bike boots for $60(!)  About six weeks later, they had a top notch (house brand again) pair of ventilated boots for the same price and actually allowed me to return the six week old boots for full price. What?! They have an amazing satisfaction guaranteed return policy and that's why they get the extra star.  I've also since returned a pair of gloves that I tried out for about two weeks that were too tight and again got a full refund.I have since purchased quite a few things there, the prices are competitive and the staff has been friendly and helpful. What more could you ask?
1	Horrible customer service.. I pulled into the parking lot at 7:55 when they close at 8pm. The man inside ran over and locked the door right in front of me when all I needed was an oil filter for my bike and would have taken 5 mins or less. I know they lost at least one customer as ill be going back to north valley Honda and I hope many more do as well after reading this review.
5	Give this place a chance to earn your trust and your business.  Great staff and always giving me options to choose from with features that are the most important to me.  And their return/exchange policy is second to none.
1	I would give negative stars if I could. I went in last weekend to purchase/look for a helmet, jacket and gloves. I spent 45 minutes in there looking at various items and trying on helmets. No one that worked there ever looked in y direction or said "hi". I left and bought a jacket online and a helmet gloves, tee shirt at the helmet store on 35th ave. I can walk to cycle gear from my house and drove out of my way and spent good $$$ at a place way more deserving than cycle gear. I'm not sure because I'm a female or because I didn't come in on my bike. Either way it's inexcusable.
