5	Took my little one for a skating class.  She loves it.  Lots of teachers are on the ice so ratio between students and teachers are balanced.Nice and friendly teachers.Tuition is reasonable.
5	The skating rink is well kept.  We went on a Saturday night since they had more Public session hours than Las Vegas Ice area.  Walked into a very busy rink, but it didn't feel like it.  They had a live DJ spinning great mixture of  music types to keep the crowds going.  Even my mother was impressed.  The only thing was a down fall a place to sit have coffee and get warmed up
5	I searched for ice skating rinks in Las Vegas and found this. All we knew was the price and the hours. What I loved about this rink was that it wasn't crowded the evening we went. In fact, I think we stayed till almost closing. The kids had fun and they even offer a walker for the little ones. The music they played was fantastic and I just loved how spacious and clean it was. I'm still considered a beginner, even though I did not fall.
5	good ice and nice seating for events.
4	hair of the dog.  hockey tournament - before a game, get $1 margaritas and $2 vodka shots = YOUR TEAM WINS.
5	I have been playing adult rec ice hockey every wednesday night  for long time here at SoBe. The things I love about this rink is the locker rooms are all nice size for teams too change every game. The locker rooms are fairly well clean each game and the bathrooms/showers are upkeep well. The ice is by far the best ice in Vegas especially comes for ice hockey. Although it might lack a bar oversee the games on the plus actually has real stands up above that can watch the games. If need drink bar right outside the rink and bring drinks in. Also subway right outside the rink if in need for quick bite. Love the fact the rink although part of Fiesta Hotel hardly feels the part! It had own back entrance and parking lot that go directly too the rink without stepping foot in the casino. They have adult rec leagues also on Tuesday, Thursday, and believe Sunday. So sure if looking too play adult rec hockey SoBe the play too go.It not just for adult ice hockey. They have youth classes for figure skating and junior wranglers program for kids all ages start playing hockey. They have open skating nights. Open skating something need too check on weekly basis because between the hockey leagues, youth things, and also have youth tournaments can be hit or miss. They have pro shop at the rink if need pick up something. I love SoBe Ice Arena.
5	We've been coming here for past 5+yrs -but for free skate. This rink is HOME to us. We hear of comments abt its location (ice rink in the Casino), but hey, its Vegas right? Once you are in the rink you dont smell nor see the casino crowd. The security personnel keep a watchful eye here, so no worries parents there. Its really a very family oriented environment. I say "GO" :)
3	Nice facility. Bright lights, cool scoreboard over center-ice. Good ice, big clean locker rooms. Weird penalty box set-up. Just a short divider on the team bench with a separate door. Only drawback is that it is in the middle of nowhere inside some sort of crappy inclusive hotel/casino/shopping complex. Walking through a smoky casino to get to the facility only to be surrounded by giant ads for slot machine odds and discount room rates sorta ruins the charm of a hockey arena for me.
5	crushes lvic in every way!!
5	As far as ice rinks go in this town, aside from The Orleans, this is the top dog. The quality of ice here far surpasses that of the Las Vegas Ice Center. The SoBe Ice Arena also bolsters a real hockey arena-type feel as soon as you walk in the door. The high ceilings, authentic scoreboard hanging above center ice, and stadium style seating creates a real old time hockey atmosphere.The locker rooms are all decent sized and kept clean. The small hockey shop within the arena is fine for simple necessities such as skate laces, skate sharpenings, and hockey tape. Other than these standard items, their selection is quite small regarding sticks, helmets, skates, gloves etc. The staff both in the shop and responsible for running hockey leagues are very professional and offer great customer service.
4	I came here last Sunday with my chicky.  Only $7 for ice access and skate rental.  It's $10 on other days.It's no winter wonderland but the ice is in decent shape and they pump out a lot of good jams to skate to.  I did more flailing than skating but no one is judging you.Neither of us are particularly good, but I think that's what makes it fun.  This is a great place to burn an hour or two for a day date.  They close at 5pm, at least on Sunday.  After wards you can walk across the street to Texas Station for a movie, or test your luck into the bingo room.  I didn't get lucky...at bingo...
5	My fave ice skating rink because the staff and people are friendly.  Most affordable during coffee club for $5 w/out the kids.  Public session is best during holidays generally w/less people=more ice.  Safe w/security always making the routine rounds.  My home rink since 2006.  :)
5	The summer is the best time for skating because most people do not associate this season with ice skating.  Hence, the public sessions on the weekends are less crowded compared to the winter season's even with the kids out for summer vacay.  As for a great way to cool off, this ice rink is the best in Vegas especially during the hot summers.  Plus, parents have an option to play in the casino while the kids are able to skate.   If you are hungry between ice cuts or after skating, the Subway is usually the most popular.  The Panda Express is the second most popular for food.  As for parking, the parking garage is a bit more cooler than by the ice rink.  However, the parking next to the ice rink is closer to the arena without walking through the casino.  Furthermore, the staff is friendly and hospitable!  In conclusion, I highly recommend SoBe ice rink inside the Fiesta Rancho Casino and Hotel!  :)
