5	Very tasty and fresh kabobs made to order.  So far the best kabobs I have had in Vegas, just like back home.  Will definitely come back for more kabobs. This restaurant just opened 4 days ago. Service was great.
5	They are just great! Great Food, Great Taste! simply their food is just Amazing! if you like the Persian Food you Must Try it!
5	Best meditranian restaurant in whole entire las vegas.... great customer service, loved it
5	This place is a gem. The interior is adorably decorated and super clean. I had the Gormeh Sabzi (stew) which while I couldn't pronounce it, I could sure eat it! Delicious and filling on a cold windy night. Mom had the lentil soup and house salad. Salad was huge with a light tangy dressing. We started with the mast & khier which was a tasty cucumber yogurt dip. Delish! We got an extra order to bring home. Capped off with fresh made baklava. Yum. Our young waitress was a delight, helpful and as sweet as the baklava. You'd never guess from the looks of the shopping center that a great little restaurant is hiding in the corner, but we are sure glad it is.
3	Recently open in the former Fish Delish space, Aria is a new spot in the 'hood offering Mediterranean. Menu is currently limited to various kabob plates with rice, and a few traditional stews, and they don't currently offer lunch specials- which I think would be a good idea to implement. Tried the plate with beef and chicken kabobs, subbed a house salad for the rice without an extra charge. Most plates are about $10, but some go up to about $18 based on quality of meat used.  ,Service was polite and interior has undergone a complete remodel, and looks great. Hoping they add lunch specials and get some advertising going- they're already in a spot that is hard to find if you don't know about it. Far left corner in the Food 4 Less plaza, if you need help finding it.
5	Came here the other night after a long day snowboarding and ordered a few meals for takeout. I had heard about this place online, but was in the area and had to come check it out. We ordered kabob e barg, and joojeh kabob as well as tadig with ghormeh sabzi and khoresh e gheimeh on the side. Mitra, the nice woman who took our order was kind enough to give us a half order of each since we originally wanted fesenjan but they either don't have it on the menu or were out of it.We also ordered the kashk e bademjan and it was great. Now that I know they're legit, I'll stay there for dinner next time because that's the real way to enjoy Persian Food! Glad to have another Persian spot in Vegas. Hope you guys stick around!Yek donya mamnoon!
5	Good Persian food with quality basmati rice. Fast and friendly service. Reasonable prices.  I highly recommend it to everyone.
