5	I used Windy City Dj's for my wedding in November. I researched a lot of companies and I really think I got a great deal with them. The office staff was great and very flexible. Curt was my dj and he was awesome. He also did my sister's wedding. If you don't want a cheezy wedding dj, then go with Windy City Dj's. Very professional and great to work with and we had a great group out on the dance floor!
5	The people of this company is what make it stand out, I think. The owner, Frank, is very committed to making his company the best.The office staff were always friendly and helpful.The Dj called ahead, came early, and worked very hard to make sure everything was just the way I wanted.It was incredible how much it was tailored to me - I had always figured DJs just do the same thing for everyone. Of course, hiring a Dj is a bit pricey, but it turns out being way worth it. My part went fantastically, and I'm so glad I went with Windy City. It was exactly what I wanted.
5	I was just married out in Sedona, and used Windy City DJs. They did a fantastic job, and everyone danced all night - the dance floor was still full at the end of the night, and guests didn't want to leave. It was a challenging crew, because we had older people who like to dance to latin music and swing, and a big younger crowd who wanted club music. Curt walked the line beautifully, and everyone had a blast. He also kept the volume just right - loud enough to keep the party going, but low enough that the older people could hold a conversation. I had a lot of requests for Curt and Windy City, and they hit each one of them. I'm delighted that my cousin recommended them to me, and would recommend them to anyone.
5	Windy City DJs was wonderful.  Frank and Susan in the office did a wonderful job of sending us all the paperwork and contracts, and setting up a time to meet with us to discuss services prior to deciding on using their company.  Lee, our DJ, was incredibly organized and professional.  He called me the week of our wedding to discuss all playlists, ceremony music and timing, and the nature of what we were looking for at our reception.  The wireless mic we ordered was flawless, and the sound quality and lighting provided were perfect for our venue and guests.  The guests enjoyed the music and Lee kept in constant communication with me as well as our caterer and photographer.  We would whole-heartedly recommend them to anyone looking for a wedding DJ, or a DJ for any other event.
5	I threw a party for my 65th birthday and came to choose Windy City DJs.  The owner was great and listened to my requirements for a DJ that knew 70/80s funk, disco, & R&B.   I was a little concerned when a young pimply-faced white boy came in to DJ, but I was reminded that you can't judge by looks as he was INCREDIBLE!  Very respectful and hard-working.  I couldn't have asked for any better.
5	Had a great experience with Frank and his team.  It was our daughter's Sweet 16, and it was perfect.  They walked us through all the things we needed to know, and helped us from the first phone call to the last song.  It really helped to have them reassure us that they would entertain 60 kids, and we didn't have to worry!  The light show is a must.  It took the music to a different level.  I recommend Windy City DJ's for your needs.  Don't be afraid to ask questions, because they've done it all and can help you with a lot of details!
