5	OK, I have always had crappy teeth. I had my first tooth pulled at 9 or 10 years old. It runs in the family. We all brushed daily but somehow the genes for teeth just weren't there. Over the last fifteen years, I've spent $20K on teeth-w full root scrapings, root canals, bridges, fillings, caps, etc . They've been bothering me for the last 6 mos and I'm tired of dealing with them.  I found AffordableDentures.com last year on Google by looking for those keywords. These folks only do extractions, partials dentures, full dentures and mini dental implants. No fillings or anything preventative. That is why they are so economic. I Hemmed and hawed but decided on Vegas as it was closest and cheapest. Reluctantly headed off last week to stay for 5 days to get 10 of them pulled and dentures placed.   I have got to tell you, I am majorly and overwhelmingly stoked at the outcome. The whole procedure went fantastically. It exceeded my expectations by a factor of 5. I was seen quickly (within 30 minutes) even though several people arrived in front of me and were seen before me ( I arrived late @ 8:20 and they open @ 8:00). The Doctor, Cher Chang DMD ( DMD is the same as DDS but different schools call their degrees one or the other ). -A capable and most friendly (and attractive) Dentist who is absolutely personable and competent. The procedure was virtually painless ( 11 teeth extracted and I am a wuss ) The Doc explained everything to me fully and even gave me a bit of a break on the extraction costs due to my budget. The new dentures were available the same day and fit like a glove from the outset. (Kudos to the Denturist) Being economic, temporary dentures, I didn't expect much for their looks but hey are absolutely gorgeous. If this is what the economy dentures look like, I can't wait to get my premium dentures when my gums fully heal in 8 months. The care was gentle, painless and amazingly beyond what I had expected. I have spent a lot of money on my teeth over the years and I just keep getting the best Dentists I could ever find, time after time... I wish I could find a girlfriend like that but I digress...I like my old dentist but he was very expensive however, I had dental insurance- Now, not so much and I am extremely thankful to Dr. Chang and her team for their competence and compassion of my dental needs. I highly recommend this dentist to anyone who may need a partial or full dental replacement. You will have your work done with excellence for 1/3 the cost with Dr. Chang @ affordable Dentures. The way I figure it, she doesn't get any ratings on yelp as most people who need dentures are elderly and not computer intuitive. So if your Granny needs new dentures....Give em a ride to Vegas and see Dr. Chang
2	One year ago my mother in law visited Affordable to have a re-alignment done. At the time they did the realign and she asked Dr. Chang if dental implants would be a good fit for her. Dr. Chang did an eval, and came back saying yes they would be a suitable option for you. At that time they were walk in only so my mother in law had that in mind when she headed over there this morning to get her lower plate implant done. You had to be there at 8 am sharp and they took you in first come, first served. Unbeknownst to us this practice changed from walk-in to appointment only in October 2011. Rather than communicate this change with their customers they didn't bother to send out any type of communication so they left us hanging a bit. This morning my mother in law and all of us head over there at 8 am sharp and am told that sorry, Dr. Chan is out on vacation to get married and her replacement is not qualified to do the procedure that was needed. Needless to say this is not cool as we've been planning for this since January, time off work was scheduled and she wanted to have a long holiday weekend to recover. But all that got tossed out the door by a practice that quite simply failed to communicate with their customers about a core business policy change. I have had other doctors / dentists in Denver and Kansas City make changes like this and what did they do? They did a snail mail / email blast and even phone calls to alert everyone. Doing so engages your customers, it keeps them in the know and most importantly coming back. While Dr. Chang has a great reputation, the failure of her front / back office staff just cost her 1 customer today, and at least 3 others in the near future. Not cool people, not when I know that others in the same profession know how to communicate and avoid situations like this. It's crap like this that continues to sully Las Vegas's medical reputation. While we're all peeved over here when you can get to Dr. Chang she does do good work. That's the only thing preventing a 1 star zinger of a review.
5	I can absolutly say, I am beyond happy, and satisfied.Dr, Chang is awesome she spends the time with you to figure out what you want, she wants the outcome to be her billboard:-) Her staff know what their doing, and are friendly and professional..Thank for my Smile!!
5	My dad needed dentures and I brought him in to this place to have his consultation.  I live far away and have been working with their staff to coordinate his procedures and appointments.  Although his appointment is some time in the next couple of weeks, I have to say that I am completely impressed with the people working here.  They are patient and willing to go above and beyond to help their patients understand their conditions and needs.  I don't have any doubts the denture procedures will go successful as planned.  I'll provide an update later.Update (like years later haha)The appointment went well.  Dad got his dentures.  Loves them.  And this was all coordinated from 1000 miles away.  Thanks Affordable Dentures!
5	Thanks to previous Yelpers I found the courage to make this life changing phone call. The person on the other end of the phone was Tammy.....who brilliantly made me certain this was the right place for me. I had a consult and X-rays two days later. My dentist is Dr. Canga. I can't even find the words to describe how wonderful she is. We decided on a full upper denture. I had that done the following Monday morning and had my new smile the same day! It's been almost 2 weeks, and it has been a bit challenging. This is not a decision to be taken lightly. But if you're ready, this is the place to call. The only bad thing....the name. Yes it is a very unassuming place ( located in a strip center in the Arizona Charlie's parking lot) but can't we change the name to awesome, fearless, best dentist ever dentures. Just saying...
5	In Las Vegas, NV, you can make no better choice for your denture work than Affordable Dentures, under the care of the amazing Dr. Cher Y. Chang, DMD, and her capable and friendly staff.  My wife and I know this for a fact, because Dr. Chang absolutely "saved the day" for us!My wife has always had a wonderful, beautiful smile that delights all who know her. When she decided that it was time to have dentures made, she went to one of the largest and best-known dental clinics in Las Vegas.  Without reporting too many agonizing details, that clinic made a mess of her denture work and left her a few days away from a very important international journey without a smile and with nothing but discomfort and inconvenience.  After reading many positive reviews about Dr. Chang, we decided to go to Affordable Dentures to see if anything could be done to save the situation.  Frankly, Affordable Dentures was our last hope.When we arrived at the office, we were met by a friendly receptionist who immediately called someone over to listen to my wife's needs and discuss possibilities.  After only a few minutes, a woman came hurrying out from the back hallway and started asking questions.  It was Dr. Chang, who had overheard my wife's concerns, and who immediately took her completely under wing. She promptly led my wife away to an examining room.  She then assured us that she could help and asked us to come back a bit later to work out the details.  When we came back, we learned that Dr. Chang and the other dentists who work with her had been discussing my wife's case, while at lunch.  They all took an interest in finding ways to correct the serious mistakes that had been made by the other clinic.  They were all sympathetic and positive that Affordable Dentures could restore my wife's smile in time for our trip.Less than 48 hours later, Dr. Chang presented my wife with a perfect set of dentures that not only made her look completely and naturally herself but that fit unexpectedly well.As I write, it is months later.  My wife's perfect smile has been admired by many, many people in several countries.  She has had no trouble whatsoever with the fit.  We are absolutely amazed that Dr. Chang was able to transform a near disaster into a big win for us in such a short time.  She is beyond just professional.  She has demonstrated a passion for customer care that surpasses all expectations.  She, and her clinic, have our highest recommendation.Bottom line:  If you need denture work, just go there!  You won't just get dentures; you'll get a beautiful smile!
