1	Hands down this is the worse little piece of shit Best Buy of all time.. its like the Circle K of electronics stores.. super tiny and compact and not one, seriously, not one employee said hi to us. The one star is simply for the new electronic smell the store has. Otherwise, I miss the Indian Bend store already. Fuck this anorexic location!
3	I wish I had Alexander's experience.  Every time I come in, there's 50 people on the floor asking if I need help every 15 seconds.  Unfortunately, none of those 50 people know how to operate a register, and you'll wait in a line with 10 people and one cashier.  And let's face it, they are not the "best buy."Well, we had a new beautiful console delivered yesterday, but no television yet.  I wanted to order from Amazon, but the Mr. had to have it "today."  The problem is he was on call, which meant we couldn't be driving all over town.  Our closest Walmart is in the process of becoming a Super Walmart and had no Sonys or Samsungs.  Our second stop was Best Buy.  Of course, the one we chose was not in stock.  But here's where the 3-stars comes in.  The guy who helped us called all the other stores, without us asking, and when he struck out, offered to take $150 off the display model.  Since this model had been on clearance (although the price was no better than you would pay anywhere else), we declined and purchased an in-stock item.  He offered, but did not push, a warranty and was pleasant to deal with.We did pay about $100 more than the Amazon price, plus the tax, but had the convenience of getting it immediately and comparing picture quality of several different models at once.
4	Bought some nice hardware, one of the employees steered me to some cheaper priced, better performing and better value televisions. It's nice to see a place where people like what they do.
3	Even though this store is tiny and I mean TINY (maybe a fifth of the size of your typical Best Buys), it works for me. Everything is tight, but they have good inventor and for the most part good selection.  Is this Best Buy's future I wonder?
4	I learned something this week. I learned that it's pretty darn hard to find movies for sale in the Valley. Try finding unique movies and you're really doomed. I learned that this week while I hunted for classic 80's films such as 16 Candles and Pretty in Pink. John Hughes. I'm sorry, but it's hard to find your movies anywhere in the Valley! So I've reached the 11th hour and the last action item on my list is to find 80's movies to play on the big screen at my event. I searched high and low and alas, nothing. So, I decided to go to Best Buy to give it one last shot. Now it wasn't an easy hunt and I didn't end up finding the exact ones I wanted, but I did find Breakfast Club, Ferris Bueller and Risky Business. Thank you Best Buy! Apparently you are one of the few remaining stores in the Valley that carries a wide variety of classic movies and not just the newest hits on the street. The end.
1	the store and company does not care about customers that are unemployed.  They will not help with making arrangements to makepayments every month.  They are awful.
5	These people are the best.  Not only did they  help me get online to Adobe Meeting Room for my MCAT prep, but they also located, pulled and held a power cord for my family to pick up when mine was stolen.Also, friendly, personable (showed me pics of their own dogs) relaxed and very knowledgeable!!Worth their weight in gold.  Just hope Best Buy pays 'em well!Kimberly Keller
4	we've been pleased with our purchases there. i never know if i should get the warranties or not, so i'm always tempted with larger purchases. our tv's and mp3's and cameras always work fine, but i'm sure they would if i bought them anything else. they've installed sirius for me and always seem pleasant.
3	My husband usually does all of the electronics shopping for our family, although I've been in my fair share of Best Buy locations over the years.  Last night was one of those times... We've been listening to music in the house for years now through the CD player/ TV.  And recently, we've changed it up and our music has come from our iPhones on Pandora.  I know... pretty sad.  It does a decent job though... Last night, however, we decided to stop by this BB to look for an iPhone / iPad docking station speaker.  We were approached immediately as we walked into the store by an employee who pointed us in the right direction for what we were looking for.  We found a decent selection of docking speaker stations, and they ranged in price from approximately $60 to $200.  We stood there for awhile contemplating what to do and were never approached again to see if we needed help.  (It would've been nice to talk to someone about the difference in products, etc...).We ended up deciding on a small Sony version on our own, and so far, so good.  So while our experience at Best Buy was just OK, we did come out with what we were looking for.  I wouldn't necessarily rush back here for the service, but for basic electronic needs, it's a decent place to go.
3	I could pretty much copy and paste my other Best Buy reviews here, except this one is in Scottsdale so add an air of indignation.
2	It's always hit or miss if the person helping you is knowledgeable about the product. I for one would stick with Amazon, as you're getting the same product far cheaper. Also, I'd avoid their product protection program, cause they'll replace your item with something of much lesser value.
2	Customer service is not the best at Best Buy in general.   They never have enough people available on the floor to assist you, but this had to be the worst customer service I've EVER experienced in a Best Buy.  When I entered, no one greeted me hello and I actually saw the employee look over at me.  (Mind you it's 7:30 on a thursday night - I swear I heard tumbleweed, that's how dead the store was.  So it wasn't like they were swamped.) Then I had to search for someone to assist me.  I found two guys talking in a corner.  As I approached them, they continued their conversation for a while instead of immediately addressing me.  Then they didn't say hello, they just stopped talking and looked at me.  (Oh I'm sorry for disrupting you both, I just assumed you were both working and were able to provide me with some assistance.)  I said hello and asked for what I was looking for.  They acted like my request was unheard of (an external mic for a mac).   One finally responded.  He looked around with me for a bit, mumbling that they didn't have anything.  Realizing he was inept, he referred me to another employee who actually was helpful (sorry I forgot your name- that extra star is for you!)  I wound up not getting the product there because I saw it cheaper online while at the store.
1	I gotta say every best buy is equally and awefully bad. they are your one stop shop for everything electronic with super high pricing, great promises and no delivery.I expect to block an entire day going in for help and walking out with no answers.i could go on for hours but the bottom line is they either need to train their guys on the products they sell or dont sell those products.  Their refund policy is absurd. and nobody wants to help nor cars.done and done with BB
