2	A modern shopping experience (back in the 80s)I paid a visit to the DeForest Pick n Save earlier today and it was exactly as I remembered it when I lived in DeFo 15 years ago, as in, it hasn't changed one bit.  This is a store that could really use a face lift.  The industrial grade linoleum, the high metal ceilings, the harsh florescent lighting give the place that institutional warehouse vibe that just screams 1980.It wasn't a real productive shopping trip. The produce quality was not very good.  The celery looked past its prime (think pale green with browning tips).  The same could be said of the salad greens.  There was little in the way of organic produce, but I did like the country of origin signs on the produce. (The poor quality of the produce surprised me since both Pick n Save and Copps are owned by Roundy's and the produce quality at Copps in generally pretty decent.) The selection in the deli counter was limited and the meat department was hit or miss.  (I did find some decent looking beef tenderloin, but they did not carry the Smart Chicken brand that prefer)The international food section consisted of a third of a row of taco kits, salsa and soy sauce.  The selection of dry goods followed the theme of limited selection with prices 15% to 25% higher than Woodmans.I ended up leaving and picking up the items I needed at the local Piggly Wiggly that looked downright palatial in comparison to this Pick n Save.  So much for my trip down (grocery) memory lane...
2	Not impressed. The prices here seem to keep going up and up and nothing changes in the store design or layout. Seems dated. Produce could use a makeover.8 out of 10 times I will drive all the way to Madison to another store.
1	This is a sorry excuse for a grocery store, and it stinks that it's all we have in De Fo. The redheaded stepchild of the Copps family, this Pick N Save can always be relied upon for brown, slimy produce, generally rotten selection, and long check out lines. If I have shopping that involves any serious produce, I head to Sun Prairie. I mean, any store where you find LETTUCE and BROCCOLI in various stages of wilt--seriously, this is basic stuff, folks!!!!--has no justification for being in existence. The other day I grabbed the only remaining spaghetti squash in the store and neglected to notice (as did the checkout person) that one entire side was completely soft and rotten. I guess spaghetti squash is EXOTIC for these parts, but STILL. I've decided that the produce department's MO is to either sell the stuff or wait until it dissolves into sludge. Preferably evaporating afterward. As an added bonus, the ethnic section is a joke. Can we PLEASE have a new grocery store already????
2	I want this grocery store to succeed.BUT ...The prices are 10-25% higher (sometimes more) than Woodman's in Sun Prairie, the produce leaves much to be desired in terms of quality and the check-out lines are ridiculously long if you visit between 4-6 p.m. It's understandably a busy time of day for people to pop into the grocery store, but it seems as though this Pick 'n Save refuses to adjust its staffing needs appropriately. Like another reviewer pointed out, very basic produce (basically, anything green) is often wilty, slimey and/or brown. I pointed this out to a produce worker once and asked if they had anything more fresh and he went to the back for better lettuce ... which was only slightly better than what was out. The prices, however, are my biggest beef. For example, an avocado at Woodman's is $.69-.79 each, whereas at Pick 'n Save, they are $1.69-1.79 each. Now and then they run a sale: 2 for $3. Whoa! The savings! HA. A 96 oz. bottle of Welch's grape juice costs $6.19 at Pick 'n Save; at Woodman's the same bottle costs about $3.59. A container of heavy whipping cream is double the cost of the same size whipping cream at Woodman's. A Palermo's Thin Crust pizza is $6-7 at Pick 'n Save; 2 for $10 at Woodman's (although they have been running an occasional sale at PNS with BOGO on the Palermo's, making them an excellent deal). Small carving pumpkins: $3.99 at Pick 'n Save, HUGE-ASS carving pumpkins at Woodman's were $3.49. And on and on. If you're on a grocery budget, Pick 'n Save makes saving money and getting good buys a major battle of the wits with its customers. You've got the Fresh Perks card, some sort of e-coupon option, etc. ... hey, how about you just lower your frickin' prices??Despite being 5 minutes from my house, I plan my grocery shopping so that I only have to shop there in a pinch. Otherwise, I load up at Woodman's.
