5	Possibly my favorite food truck in Charlotte. The Mayobird puts a delicious twist on chicken salad that makes me come back for more every time. My favorites? The sliders: the southern, loaded and Italian. Check them out! You won't be disappointed.
5	Just off the beach on our bikes in Sea Pines (Hilton Head Island) and enjoyed our first MayoBird chicken salad sandwiches. Fantastic! Fresh & fast - loved it. (Great grilled cheese on super-fresh bread for my daughter too) thanks!
4	What a great use of this space formerly occupied by Caribou and Brueggers bagels. The Mayobird is open from breakfast until 4 pm and serves a virtually unlimited number of chicken salad sandwiches based on the combos you can get by customizing the sandwiches. There are 3-5 mayo-less options including Buffalo Chicken which is what I got on sourdough bread. It was delicious served cold and the fresh pita chips side was served hot and with salt and pepper. These were a huge hit. There are a number of side dish options. The sweet tea was tasty as well. I look forward to trying the Summit room which is connected and opens at 4pm through the night. Lots of tables outside as well.
5	Wow New location. 1531 east blvd in charlotte,nc.   Over 15 types of chicken salad! Awesome desserts like hummingbird cake and coke a cola cake!   Just like mom made!   Also The FOOD NET WORK WORLD FAMOUS AS SEEN ON TV CHICKEN ON BUTTERED AND GRILLED NEW ENGLAND Roll !!!!   Great prices!
5	Cool new spot on East Blvd. Can't beat the chicken salad, but the pasta salad is pretty good too.
4	Love the food at the new mayo bird on east blvd, and have been several times.  My only complaint is can we have real silver wear, the plastic fork in a bag is a bit low brow when bkfst for two was twenty five dollars....also not very green !!!!
4	This place is just adorable and the food is good to back up the charming decor which is the most important part!  I've been twice now and have tried 4 different kinds of the chicken salad.  First time I had to try the Southern with pickles and eggs on that ridiculous sounding hot, buttered, toasted roll.  The roll really was great but that wasn't my favorite chicken salad, however my side of macaroni salad was perfect, if you like a mayo mac salad.This most recent trip I went with sliders to try a few different kinds of the chicken salads.  I went with buffalo, harvest with the grapes and apples and nuts, and the loaded with bacon and sour cream.  And again had to have the macaroni salad.  All three were really tasty but if I have to pick a favorite I think its the harvest.  The grapes really add a nice light touch.  My one minor complaint, and I might be in the minority here, I could use a bit more mayo in the chicken salad.  Or maybe if they put it on the bread that would help.  I am sure if I ask for it they will be happy to oblige, because that's another thing, the staff is incredibly nice and helpful!  Happy to help with an order selection, happy to come help clear tables, the way they greet customers and wish you well on your way out, these are just friendly people!The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is I do think the prices can add up a bit quick and before you know it you have a $15 lunch on your hands.  But as long as its not my daily lunch spot I can deal with that for a quality spot with some delicious grub every now and then.
5	Chicken Salad Heaven! Free range chicken. Like a picnic every day!We went here for lunch and this place is so cute - very homey. I really liked the style of the place - farm tables and mis-matched dining chairs that look like they came from your granny's house. Little chicken and rooster salt and pepper shakers everywhere and they give you a wooden spoon as a table marker - how cute is that!?The good:If you want a summer time lunch on a great patio that feels like a picnic. This is your place. They have amazing chicken salad mixtures that make up most of the menu - but they do also have other stuff if you aren't into chicken salad.I had the southern style with added pickles and eggs because that is how my mom makes it and it was YUMtastic!Great coffee, great dessert options. (I wanted that coconut cake!)Only suggestion: The breads were  a little dry. I would invest in a partnership with a local bakery or hire a baker to do some specialty breads and then this place would be double off the hook amazing!Patio is awesome.Extra star just for the fact that the owner or manager (not sure which) came up to us and explained the menu and how everything works.
2	What a massive disappointment this place was.  I went for lunch and got a sandwich to go.  First, the flow of people trying to place orders was chaotic with a line going across the restaurant and servers constantly trying to break through it.  I got the "swimmer".  I asked about bread choices and was not told anything about that famous New England roll.  When I got back to work and got my sandwich out, one of the slices of bread was the heel!  I know some people like the heel but I wouldn't use it in a restaurant unless someone asks for it.  The amount of tuna on the sandwich was ridiculously small especially given the price they charge and on a personal note, how about a little tuna with your celery?  On their website they say that the celery is finely chopped and there is only a hint.  It was just bland and blah and I would not go back.  I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because the lemon chess pie was delicious.
2	Charming place in the old Caribou coffee joint.  Staff are very friendly and work hard - food comes out in just a few minutes.  I've been three times now for lunch during the week.I have three problems with this place (or, as consultants like to call them, "opportunities"):1)  Value.  The price paid for what you receive doesn't fare that great compared to their lunchtime competitors on East Blvd or elsewhere.  Fairly steep for a sandwich and a few pieces of broccoli and raisins.2)  Taste.  I love chicken salad.  Really.  It could be it's own food group with me.  I really want this place to be successful.  All of their chicken salads I've tried (about 5 of them) are dry.  Really dry.  Mayo based or non-mayo based.  All dry.  Their best chicken salad I've tried is a special (BBQ chicken salad - really unique flavors with cinnamon!) and it was still dry.  Their bread - dry.  It's hard to decipher if the bread is just old or it's fresh and just lacks moisture.  Broccoli salad tastes great, but see above.....portion size of broccoli is somewhere between 5 and 7 pieces the two times I've ordered it.3)  The details.  Their pricing is a little weird.  If you order a sandwich and a side, it's $8.95.  Add cheese to your sandwich for $0.50 more.  Total $9.45.  Or, you can order a "melt" and a side, which is a sandwich with cheese that just happens to be melted, for $8.95.  Huh?  If you place a take out order, they give you this tiny cheap plastic fork, no spoon, no knife.  Most of the time, that would be ok, except when your ordered side salad comes with large pieces of lettuce.  That fork's not cutting anything.  Inside the restaurant, like I wrote above, the decor is charming and the staff are great, but nothing flows well from the guest's perspective.  Speed is fine, but standing in line to order you have wait staff walking through you.  You walk past the counter area to place your order then back the opposite direction to get your drinks and then a different direction to sit down or wait for your order.None of these things are earth-shattering, "stay away from this place"-type faults.  With a few small changes, this place has the location, the great front porch, the unfulfilled niche, the staff etc to be successful.  I wish them well.
2	Stopped in for some coffee before a meeting. The outdoor patio is fantastic! I didn't have any of the food (which looked delicious), but the coffee left a lot to be desired. My friend got a mocha that tasted burnt and bland, and my iced caramel latte was lacking in flavor and had chunks of caramel floating around. Also, they're pricey... our two drinks totaled more than $10. They are still young, so it hopefully won't be long before their shots are as good as the food looks.
4	I love niche restaurants. The kind that basically do one thing, and do it well. I used to live in NYC and they're all over the place. It's nice to see a business like this open in Charlotte.  Chicken salad FTW.The Mayobird is oozing with charm - the farmhouse theme really works here, and it is such a pleasant atmosphere for a casual meal. If you read my review of The Summit Room (The Mayobird's sister-restaurant which semi-shares the space and is only open for dinner), you'll know I wasn't crazy about the decor. I think the style just works better as a breakfast / lunch spot, in my opinion.Both times I've been for lunch it has been packed - but the service was relatively fast and the staff are very friendly. You order at the counter and food is delivered to your table. The chicken salad is good. Maybe not my favorite of all time, but good. It's on the dry side, which personally I enjoy - I'm not crazy about mayo dripping all over the place. You can tell its freshly made with natural ingredients - a plus.  I've tried the Big Bird (curry) and the Harvest (apples, grapes, and pecans) and prefer the Harvest.  They also have some more unique flavors like loaded baked potato and buffalo chicken.  The homemade pita chips that come on the side are also quite tasty. The only drawback is that the price is a bit steep, and they really get you on the drinks - $2.50 for a fountain drink is pushing the boundary on value.
2	Perks:  You get a cute wooden spoon to take to your table to have your food delivered.The rest:  I paid $11ish for a cup of coffee and a turkey sandwich (wasn't feeling chicken salad but how hard is it to make a turkey sandwich?). There was half a piece of lettuce on the sandwich - not a huge deal I suppose, unless you asked for extra lettuce. Ahem. I tried the grape salad with nuts - a cup of perfectly good grapes, a few chopped walnuts and some runny, perhaps formerly yogurt mixture coating it all. There wasn't a place for us to place our order number spoons when we sat at the rocking chairs so holding them up was kind of a drag. And the coffee?!?! Gads, just don't get me started. If I'm going to spend three dollars, I'd rather it not be on some burnt-tasting, stale, ill-flavored cup of "coffee"...Do what you want - my roommate goes to Mayobird at least twice a week. I on the other hand feel that some food trucks shouldn't be restaurants. Stick to what you know.
4	I feel like I am paying extra to eat a little healthier maybe. Lunch was 15 with a drink and a side. I don't go big on the mayo based ones. I was full after 2 sliders and took the third home. The sides are pretty big and can be split to save some dough. I've eaten chicken salad about 4 times, only when I've been here. The tea is the best and hanging out with wifi and watching the World Cup was a bonus. Staff super friendly.
2	What an adorable restaurant! Loved the decor and the seating.  Very pretty.Got a sandwich to go. Cost $8. What I got in my styrofoam box was...a sandwich. No pickle. No chips. No little container of cole slaw. Nothing but an $8 sandwich.  To me, this is really unforgivably chintzy. The harvest chicken salad was okay but a bit bland. The bread was also rather dry.Such a shame. I really, really wanted to like this place so much more, if only to go back and enjoy the atmosphere again. But I guess I won't be headed back.MayoBird...please take the hint...I've never even SEEN a sandwich as the only item in a to-go box! Even a pickle spear would have turned this into a 3- or 4-star review.
5	Just had lunch here today! What an awesome new place on east blvd. I got a Greek chicken salad pita and broccoli salad side and both were amazing! I cannot wait to go back and try something else. The patio is also a great spot to hang out. I highly recommend this place if u like chicken.
3	My bf and I tried this place for the first time since we were in the area... I had the Caprese Quiche, which was good, but not very filling. My bf had the hash brown bacon and cheese cup and was not impressed by it: it was dry and not very flavorful.  Don't know if we would be back again. The decor is very cute though.
4	The Mayo Bird is literally dripping with charm. I am so glad that this little spot decided to set up shop in Dilworth, it is a great addition to the neighborhood. The decor makes you feel comfortable the moment you walk in the door. It feels like your Grandmother's farmhouse out in the country (my Grandma lived in Boca in a condo, but this is what I imagine this would feel like). The service is always on point. Very kind employees who are there to ensure that you are happy with your experience. On a recent visit, I watched as the guest next to me had his order wrong and the staff brought out the correct order VERY quickly and provided a free side and dessert to apologize. Just a nice attention to detail that made me want to come back. The patio is AMAZING. I want to spend all day sitting in one of the oversized rocking chairs, sipping the Chai Vanilla Latte in the fall. Food wise I have had a couple of the chicken salads, breakfast and dessert. For chicken salad I have tried the Skinny, Greek and Buffalo and loved them all. I will agree that they are on the dry side and I would like a tad bit more moisture, but still tasty. My favorite so far was a scoop of the buffalo on a salad with a side of ranch dressing.For breakfast I had the Kale and Goat Cheese Frittata and it was delish, but the star of the show is their Honey Bun Coffee Cake. This thing is OUT OF THIS WORLD good. I have gone back twice this week since trying it on Sunday to get my fix. The icing, crunchy cinnamon, moist cake and pecans are just perfection. I hope that the Mayo Bird is around for a long time because I just love it.
5	Well, I just loved it. Cute place, great chicken salad!  I had the athlete- a salad with two scoops of chicken salad, so I tried the southern (eggs and pickles) and the harvest (grapes, apples, pecans).  Both were very tasty, but southern was my fave. I brought most of the second scoop home. One thing to know- this place is at 1531 East Blvd , not 531 as it says in Yelp.
4	I was a bit unsure about this place when it first opened, but I have been back several times now and I like it quite a bit. I know people complain that the the chicken salad doesn't have enough mayo, but I prefer it that way. I can't stand southern salads (and yes, I'm southern) that are dripping with the stuff, whether it's pimento cheese or macaroni salad or tuna or chicken salad, I can't deal with piles of mayo. It masks the actual salad flavors when you load it down with fatty goop. The Loaded and The Real Dill are my two personal favorites. If you're hungry and you want something filling, get the sliders, as they are the best value IMO. They come with lettuce and tomato and, for me, make for a very filling meal. I'm not as into their sides just due to my own personal taste, and I don't need them with my meal. Pita chips are good though. Service is always very friendly and solid, I get the unsweet tea which is always fresh (and sometimes flavored, which is nice!). Atmosphere and decor is really nice as well.I do think that it would go a long way in appeasing people to add maybe a complimentary pickle spear (pickled okra or beans even, something fun?) or whatnot to the meal orders. I understand the logistics and finances when it comes to running a business, but it's the little things that can make or break it for a lot of customers. Or take a hint from JJ's across the street and consider a pickle bar or some such. Either way, the restaurant is a great place and a solid idea, and I hope they succeed in the long run.
3	It's my first time here and I love the decor and charm of this place! The staff is super friendly and there are many dining room tables that serve as space for people to meet and work with wi-fi. I ordered a croissant and was a bit disappointed by the fact that it seemed microwaved (?). It was chewy and a little tough on the edges, albeit warm when I received it. The orange juice has a TON of pulp so I imagine that it's fresh-squeezed. To make a full judgement call, I will have to come back for lunch soon. The patio would be enough to send me back here on a warmer day.
3	I'm convinced that people are still treating this place like it's Caribou Coffee.For years, this location was a Caribou Coffee, where individuals were welcomed to sit for hours, reading, yapping, or tapping at the laptop - regardless of whether you spent any money there. When I walked in for a business lunch, I felt I was surveying the same scene. There were no seats available - not surprising for lunch hour at a new spot on East Boulevard with a cute name. Yet many people seated weren't eating, and some large tables were occupied by one person.98% of the customers were women. Surprising in these health-conscious times, considering "mayonnaise" is the root word of the establishment.Mayobird could likely benefit from a more structured seating program - at least during peak lunch hours.
3	I had read the hype about MayoBird in CharMag and the first people on Yelp and so I went for lunch and was disappointed but hubs went for breakfast and raved so I returned for breakfast/coffee and was super happy. So my rating is an average of my 2 star lunch rating and 4.5 star breakfast.For lunch, there are a number of chicken salads you can choose from with various ingredients. I am actually a mayo-hater, so I'm probably the worst person to bring here, but I was happy to opt for the colonel mustard which was dijon-based. Hubs had a mayo-based one which wasn't super mayo-y but he also complained about it being dry. The main problem we had with our sandwiches (he had his on bread, mine on croissant) was that it didn't come with anything else. I really wanted LTO and maybe chutney or some sort of spread. He also wanted something a little extra. It is just meat on a hunk of bread, but if you had a function and got a quart of it to go, I bet it would be great. I do like that they don't mash the crap out of the chicken and it's more chunky and resembles real chicken. There's another chicken salad place in town which shall remain nameless that has a gross consistency. So I'll take dry and chunky any day over that grossness. My hope is that they start adding accoutrements to the sandwiches and maybe some additional choices for those who might not like chicken salad. But let's move on to happier times- their quiche!!! Forget the whole "real men don't eat quiche" thing- the sausage quiche is flaky, filling, flavorful and fabulous. Oh, maybe I shouldn't mix "real men" and fabulous in the same concept. Anyway, just try it. Few places nail quiche crust but they did. It makes me want to try their dessert pies that they offer. They also have a caprese quiche. They are much more filling than the frittata cup.  Their fruit cup side is absolutely delicious- forget about the tasteless or soggy fruit salad you get other places. These grapes are super crisp and melon fresh and sweet. Thank you!!Their coffee (if you stay) comes bold and strong in a ginormous mug that keeps you warm on a cold day. There are so few places that brew good coffee- I guess they realized if they're going to fill the shoes of Caribou, they better make damn good coffee and they delivered. I appreciated that the space is large and it's a perfect place to meet someone. I believe they might have wifi. Bottom line: great place to meet someone for breakfast or just nosh on a quiche with great coffee. Or pick up a wide variety of chicken salads to go for a shower or event.
3	Maybe I should have looked into this before I went to Mayobird, but I didn't realize they only had chicken salad. I'm not the biggest fan of chicken salad, but they did have a large selection of different kinds - including some without mayo, which was ideal for me since I'm not a mayo fan. With that being said, I thought the food was decent, but was a little overpriced for what I actually received. I purchased 3 "sliders", which was just under $9 and didn't include any sides. Call me a pig, but I was still a little hungry after the 3 sliders. My review may not be that valuable since I'm not big on chicken salad, but nonetheless, here it is.
4	Not typically someone that goes out of their way or ever orders chicken salad but I loved my lunch at Mayobird.The interior is adorable. Very girly, industrial rustic decor and cute patio out front. You order at the counter, grab a number and sit down/wait - perfect lunch spot. They also have their own large parking lot.Called in my order of the health nut with a scoop of Italian (pesto and sundried tomatoes). It was delicious but maybe a little steep for $10 just for one lunch.
5	The German Chocolate brownie is awesome! 17 kinds of chicken salad, I have had four- The loaded, pickle and egg, Mediterranean and Buffalo. The Buffalo was okay but the other three were amazing! The grape salad is a unique side dish that is worth trying it is more like a dessert. It's casual dining, you can sit outside there are heaters and I highly recommend it.
2	The Mayobird is a sandwich shop that offers lots of varieties of chicken salad.  The restaurant has a rustic feel to it, but the environment is pretty nice.  They also offer alcohol, coffee drinks, and coffee drinks with alcohol.We tried the Harvest and Dill chicken salad sandwich on croissants.  The Dill had a nice flavor, but the Harvest did not taste like much.  The chicken salad was ok, but not remarkable.  The one highlight we had was the broccoli salad.  It was very tasty, and we really enjoyed it.We had high hopes for this place, but the food left me feeling flat.  Nothing really special here.  The food is not bad, but for the price, the value just isn't there.
5	Sooooo good. The Mayobird has turned my 4-year old into a chicken salad lover! He seriously gets excited to go every Saturday morning after soccer lessons. The staff here are friendly and accommodating.... We will continue to be regulars!
