5	Costco canceled all of my wedding flower orders less than 6 days before my wedding.  After a rather large breakdown a friend and myself started making calls to try and find a florist with the same great prices.  What I found was 100 times better!  Conroy was able to get my order to me, with a lower price than Costco, and the flowers were GORGEOUS.  No wilting, nothing crushed, just perfect flowers in perfect condition.  The customer service was the best I have ever received.  Very helpful and care about their customers.   I will be a customer forever, even just to run by to buy fresh flowers.  I have lived here forever and I am so excited to find such a great store!  Recommend recommend recommend!
5	I had a bad experience with a local florist and needed to find flowers fast.  I called 5 florists asking for help and none of them could get my flowers til the next week.  I took a chance and called Conroy's (not even sure if they sold to the public....which luckily they do) for help.  Within minutes a very kind employee named Steve solved all my problems.  Not only did they have the flowers but they rushed to get them boxed and on ice so my husband could run in during his lunch break to pick them up.  My husband was in and out in minutes!  When he got home from work (5 hours later), I opened the box and the flowers were perfect!  Thank you Conroy's for saving my event and being so amazing to work with!  Fantastic employees and beautiful flowers!  Thank you Conroy's!!
5	I got in a jam when the funeral flowers weren't going to be delivered in time, called and spoke with Dottie and she was able to create a beautiful arrangement, that looked a lot better than what I had originally ordered.  When I went to pick them up, I asked for a last minute ribbon to be added and the cheerfully obliged.  Conroy's Florist made a very difficult situation so much better, thank you Dottie!
5	Great place for flowers, quality was great.  We ran in the same day and picked up 50 roses, 2 sets for $57 with tax,
