4	Great neighborhood Barbershop great with kids.
5	My owner is a man and does not want to go miles for a haircut.  His hair is not that complicated and he gets it done pretty much the same every time.  Before City Barbers came to the area he went to Great Clips which was a hit or miss proposition.City Barbers is a true men's barber shop.  He has been getting his hair cut there since it opened and had been very happy.  You can call ahead and reserve a time, or just walk in.  My owner's haircuts have all been good and I am not embarrassed to walk with him in the neighborhood after.  They even do the straight razor shave of the neck now which is a nice touch.  You will pay a little more than at one of the chains but it is worth it.
3	First off, let me say, the haircut was great.  For $15, I don't think I can find a better regular, no frills haircut.  Now here is my problem, I went in expecting a straight razor neck shave (as mentioned on the website) and I expected the option of a straight razor facial shave (wasn't going to get one, but was nice to think the option was there, if I wanted to).....they had neither.  Had the website made it clear that this location did not offer these services, I would have easily given them 4 stars, maybe 5.  So, City Barbers owner, if you are reading this, let's update the website so more new customers aren't disappointed.  Also, bring cash, they don't take credit or debit cards.
2	My husband went in for a haircut. Only took about ten mins and when he got home I noticed that it wasn't an even cut. He went back and the guy tried to fix it, but when he got home it was still messed up. I had to fix it for him, which I didn't have time to do but he has a very professional job which wouldn't allow for a haircut like that. Won't be returning.
5	Good cuts. Good prices
4	I have 2 boys, and they feel like "big men" coming to this shop.  They have had some great cuts here.  The barbers are always very patient with them (particularly Joe) and just SO much more thorough and detailed than any of the "Great Clips" type places.  One of my sons has hair that is curly and does all sorts of crazy "self-styling" when he gets a bad cut, but City Barbers handles it masterfully.  I also like giving my money to a local business.They do take appointments but I have always had good luck just walking in.  I'm told that it does get slightly busier after schools get out, but I've never had to wait for more than one or two people to get finished before they could take my boys.  NOTE:  They do not take credit cards, so bring cash!  Fortunately, you won't need too much since the prices here are very good.
