2	I suggest looking elsewhere for chiropractic care.  I was given a Groupon for services, but they didn't honor half of the treatments.  One of their schedulers advised that everything was fine, and another one told me that no future appointments could be honored.  The owner sided with the latter, and did nothing to make things right, or even marginally acceptable.  The two treatments I idid receive were acceptable, but their customer service leaves a lot to be desired.  This approach flows down from the top down throughout the organization.Updated 5/5/13:Below is the last email that the owner sent me prior to his leaving a comment to my Yelp review.  His approach of trying to discredit my review by insinuating that I was inappropriate to a female employee is a very creative and imaginative diversion.  Interesting that this tidbit was never brought up until after it became apparent that I wasn't going to remove my comment of his business.  The claim is not true, which is why he did offer me fulfillment of the remaining Groupon (see below).  By the time he came around to this, I thought it best for everyone if we did not pursue any further dealings.  My original review was factual. Email dated 5/2/13Hello Fred,I am disappointed that you would voice a negative comment on my office. I honestly believe that we performed a great service for you and treated you with the utmost respect. I was not siding with anyone but you have to understand that this is Groupons offer and not ours, so it really comes down to following their (Groupons) policies. I do apologize that my staff misinformed you on their policy and if an apology is not satisfactory to you then I guess you can go ahead and schedule your remaining groupon visits. Thanks, Jason Taylor
5	I've been receiving amazing care from Dr. Taylor and the massage therapists for a few months now and I will definitely continue. Everyone in the office is friendly and helpful and they always spend the time with me and I don't feel rushed. Best chiropractor I've ever been to!
5	This is definitely the place to come for your chiropractic issues! Dr T has a great personality, when I first met him I felt like I had know him for years. Even with a Groupon he didn't treat you any differently than a regular client. The massage therapists are awesome. Just with they were comparable with massage companies price wise so I could come here for all my massages. But it's a typical thing to have higher rates at a chiropractors office, so being is though this is obviously in a chiropractors office, this is an average rate.
4	I too, came here with a Groupon to check out this establishment and see if spine decompression was a fad or something for me. I must say that they treated me very nicely and with all curtesy even if I came in on a Groupon. Enough about the Groupon. The treatment was good, and if it was closer I might have became a regular. First when I drove there I realized how far away it actually is from my house. And I hate to call people out, but I have to say it - they have some outstanding masseuses (thats you J). I had a couple of the best massages here, and for that reason alone I wish I had bought more while I had the deal in front of my nose.
5	My second week here. The staff was cordial at the least. :)Front of the house, Laila, was friendly.My massage therapist, Jennifer, was intuitive and love, love, love her techniques!Dr. Taylor... light-hearted, easy to chat with, and knowledgeable....Looking forward to my third week.Ohm shanti ohm.Decompression therapy today was amazin! Think of an extended version of child's pose with ease. Ohmmmmmmm ... ^_^
5	Had an absolutely fantastic experience here. Got dragged along with a friend and decided to get an adjustment myself! The doctor was extremely professional, and I left feeling amazing! The office staff was extremely friendly and helpful, and the establishment was very clean! Will be calling in a few minutes to make another appointment to keep my back feeling great! Highly recommend going here.
