1	I was bit tentative to start, but Boba Deli is close to my office and I wanted a quick lunch. Plus, I like boba. But boba alone could not tempt me to go back.For starters, I was disappointed with the menu. The selection is expected, but the display consists of pictures mounted several feet above eye level. There were no descriptions of what was inside each sandwich or wrap, and so impossible to tell what made a Santa Fe Chicken wrap so Santa Fe. The menu image showed something green that didn't look like lettuce or avocado, so I asked if it was green chili. I was looked at with pure disdain that could have come from either lack of knowledge about what green chili is or incomprehension of why anyone would want green chili on their food.This lacking information quality and social receptivity was evident in every other aspect of my visit, tho the latter concerned me the most. When the girl who ordered before me asked if her smoothie had milk in it, she was also treated with disdain. When the girl indicated that because the smoothie had milk and she could not have that, her order was voided and she left. The staff member muttered inaudible negativities (based on body language and tone) all while completing the void and for several seconds before turning to me for my order.Shame on me for not promptly u-turning out the door right then as others did.I ordered, paid and waited for my food. My boba drink was ready first. When I got it, it was not the size I expected and I indicated that I thought I had ordered the large. I did and that's what I got, but it turns out they only have two sizes: an 18 ounce large and a 32 ounce extra large. What restaurant has only two sizes, one of them an extra large without first having a small or medium or regular or some similar convention?
1	I have been craving Boba since I had an avocado one last month in Berkeley (it sounds disgusting, but for some reason that I can't quite figure out, it is delicious).  Anyways, I remembered that there was a Boba place on Mill when I got back into town.  The first time that I tried to go there, the rude "cooler than you" crusty punk girl behind the counter shut me down.  They were out of boba and it seemed like she wanted to shoo me out the door since I had inadvertently cut her smoke break short. I left and came back a couple days later only to find out that they had closed early.  A few days after that, I came back again and the same annoying crusty punk girl seemed put off that when she had to actually get up and make a drink for me.  The drink was delicious.  I figured that I could put up with the attitude of what apparently is this shop's only employee.  Once again, I went there and dealt with the same standoffish crusty.  Once again, the drink was delicious, although she apparently didn't want to spend the time to blend it fully, so there were huge chunks of ice in the bottom of the cup.  Anyway, this place sucks and it sucks bad, except for the drinks.  I really don't want to support this place ever again, but I might be forced to if a cannot find another equally delicious boba drink.
1	Barf.
1	Indeed this would be the "made in china" version of a Boba....tea? no, just ice and a hooky pooky mix of some sort of fruit flavor and some boba balls. If this wasn't enough...you get to over pay for the 18oz size. NO WAY!! I'll go all the way to Chandler or the one in MEsa for real Boba!
