5	What an AWSOME! place for all my Kegerator and home bar needs. They will even come to a business and build their tap system. They supply the kegs as well with every kind of beer that is available in our state by the distributor. Not to mention they have beer on tap on-site so that one may try one of the great craft beers they offer before making that decision to carry a keg home. Don't have a Kegerator? They sell and rent them. They also offer a service plan for those who own a Kegerator. They have a wide selection of bottled craft beers as well. Don't forget to ask about all the wonderful craft beers from our local craft breweries. They also sell Home Brewing supplies for those who wish to try there hand at brewing their own beer. Their staff are superb and always service you with a smile. Go check them out. I guarantee you will enjoy yourself while there.
5	One of my favorite places to grab a pint of fresh craft beer. Be sure to connect with them on Facebook so you can get invites to their monthly brewery "take over". It's the best deal in town, for $10 you get unlimited samples of the month's featured brewery. Order your kegs and kegarators. Geoff provides A+ customer service.
4	A bright spot in Matthews!  I first spotted Custom Brew Pubs from the road traveling down Independence Blvd.  The shopping center it is in has long since changed hands (I think there used to be a K-mart or some big box store there).... but now it's frequented by the Elevation Church on weekends.  Anyways... back to Custom Brews.It's a great place for making your "man cave" with keg-erators, tap handles, glasses, and even a little tap bar to try some local brews.  They've had tasting events were the rep gives you a taster and you guys can go taste to your hearts content.  Often with tasting events comes a local food truck to supply the food.  Looks like they do provide equipment and ingredients to get your own "home brew" started as well:  bottle capers, buckets, brewing kits.  Plenty of parking available, and easily accessible to 485, this place is definitely a cool place to check out, hang out, and keep up with all things man cave, beer, and just having a good time.
5	My local watering hole. Very friendly staff that knows their brews and beer systems. No judgement here, come as you are.  Great place to grab a beer or two after work. Always 8 random/uncommon/or popular beer in tap. Tons of bottles to chose from. Also great place to buy kegerators and beer systems to customize your man cave! They also refill CO2 tanks here. There's a very good list of in-stock kegs and hundreds of kegs you can order and usually get within a day or two. If you have any questions relating to beer and systems these guys know their stuff! There's typically one or two guys manning the store so be patient and you'll be rewarded by delicious beer and professional service!
