4	testing...testing...this better work since i want to be the FIRST to review something in canada :)did you know that montreal is a bachelor party haven...not bachelorette party, but bachelor.  don't ask me why...and i don't want to know either :)  like any chain hotel, this sofitel is just a standard hotel with a restaurant, bar, exercise facility, in-room massage service and other amenities catered to tourists and business travelers.  it's a minimalistic modern place located pretty much within walking distance to many attractions but away from noisy bars and nightlife scenes.  the room was adequate in size and for the price we paid, but i prefer something more classy and ornate.  the concierge desk was very helpful when we inquired about tour options although you could get a better deal in chinatown just a few blocks down the street. wow, summer in montreal was pretty torturous for a californian.  my hair suffered the most in that humid weather!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------wow!!!  this really worked...friggin' fantastic!!!i love that yelp is expanding and going global.  what a great news for travelers.thanks to mike l. for this great tip.  o by the way, how did you know about this?  are you THE insider? :)
5	woohoo, open up the floodgate, heres some international yelping for y'all!so a group of us went up to the neighborhood up north for some bachelor party hijinx (maybe later kids) and we found this place on priceline or something like that. anyway, we got this guy for a steal! a steal jerry!what can i say, nice linens, awesome steam shower (heads everywhere) great location, it was cheap (think exchange rate a couple of years ago and discounted website..) and there were a few of us in two room, ok, there was 9 of us in 2 rooms, i slept under the desk, which has high speed internet! but even the carpeting and extra bedding was comfy.if i had to go back i would totally consider finding this place to stay again.c'est ce bon!
4	haha, lena, you beat me to the punch!!  this hotel was pretty nice when we had a girls trip here last summer.  i remember the comfy beds, but my fave part was the toiletries.  i also loved the little wash mitts  in the showers so you can use to scrub down the grime after walking around humid montreal.
3	This place was OK but very over-priced for what you get.While we waited to check-in (only one clerk at the desk handling another couple and the phone - great first impression, Sofitel!), we looked around the lobby and it is really quite overdone and mismatched. Ugly mural on the wall and garish carpeting of two many colors to count. Finally, we were given our room key and we got onto the elevator. The elevators were worse than the lobby - just too much going on. Who designed this place?Fortunately the room was tastefully done and really had all the amenities we needed. The beds were super comfy - they had the soft mushy pad on top of the mattress that I could have melted into, it was really nice.Bathroom was nice - you can listen to the TV in there, and answer the phone, but not call out. Big tub and the shower had nice water pressure and heat. The toiletries provided included a nice loofah, and the shampoos and lotions were high-end French products from L'Occitane en Provence, if I recall.Unless you are extremely well-off, do NOT go to the hotel restaurant for breakfast. The food is delicious but each plate is about $15, including fruit and granola, or a bagel with cream cheese. Plus, it was a weekday, we had a meeting to get to, and we had to walk around the place to find someone and convince him to take our order. It took a long time to get coffee let alone breakfast at this place. And, it was packed, so the economy must not be all that bad if 100 people are paying that much for breakfast and can afford to wait for it.I know hotel prices fluctuate, and sometimes everything else is full (that's what happened to us), so if you see a cheap rate, and/or have few options, I am not ruling out the Sofitel. Just shop around, because unless there's a diabetes conference in town (there was for us!), you should be able to find a better place.
5	Boy do I love this hotel!The two times I've stayed here, have been fantastic.I'll take you on a rundown of my favorite parts:The beds:Oh my lord, you've never slept in a more plush bed.Down comforter, down mattress cover, down pillows. There might as well have been 40 geese surrounding me throughout my slumber!The lobby:I know the lobby isn't a big deal usually but this one is unique.It's quite chic with some creative decor and a non-threatening atmosphere.The bar:There wasn't a place in Montreal that put more whiskey in my coke, enough said.The location:You're 2 blocks from the rustle and bustle of Ste. Catherine, being on Sherbrooke Est. It's worth the walk to not have to deal with the idiot drunkards (myself included).The crew:Everybody who works at Sofitel Montreal went out of thier way to ensure my comfort. You would think it would be like that everywhere, but Montreal has a rich French heritage so that is not the case.All in all it's getting 5 stars for being my favorite hotel in my second favorite city in the world!
4	I travel mostly for business. My company usually puts mebup at Le Germain which Iove. So I was disappointed to hear Sofitel. I confess I did not know the brand. The hotel has everything a business traveler requires with a few nice touches. A woman commented that the place was garrish and overdone. To each their own. I liked the mural and liked the renoiresque touches especially the high end restaurant called Renoir. Love the bellman's top hat. Got upgraded to Luxury suite, not sure why but very ample. Food and booze a bit expensive but the lovely brunette bartender in a black low cocktail dress made up for it. Very good service. Super fast checkin and out. I'd stay here again.
5	Exceptionally attentive service.
4	On my next visit to the city this is where I am going to stay. Very nice rooms and the staff are great.
4	Would definitely stay here again. Great rooms -- clean, all the amenities, huge bathrooms, nice decor. The breakfast was great and the staff extremely helpful. Top tops all around.
5	Nice hotel, good service, nice location
5	The worse part about the Sofitel was having to leave.I miss the bed.  I miss the robe and the towels and the L'occitane products in the bath room. I miss the quite gym. And the amazing city views from my room on the 7th story. Every detail of my 5 night stay was fabulous.  From the housekeeping to the concierge service.  The location couldn't have been better! The Peel metro stop is just steps away from the hotel.  Also, if you like to walk/run Mont Royal is just up the street (at Peel and Pins).Our last night in the city we were too tired to go to dinner so we sat at Le Bar and enjoyed a flight of French Reds and a cheese plate with 3 different local cheeses.  Although it was slightly pricey, listening to Joe-Luis speak about the wine and food with his sexy French Canadian accent made it all well worth it :)
4	Great location.  Very clean.  Excellent staff and excellent concierge.
4	I've been a Sofitel fan since staying at their Philadelphia, PA location - it's my barometer to compare other Sofitels/hotels.  This location is:- Centrally located between Mont Royal, St Catherine's (2 blocks away), Crescent Street (3 blocks), and Old Montreal (10-15 min walk)- The valet was super easy to deal with - just call 10 minutes before you need your car- A sleep inducing bed and great modern bathroom I'm splitting hairs, but my only "negatives" were:- A weak hair blower and "non-ironing" iron- We had a view of the apartment building next door.  One of the units  must have had a training dummy in the window and it looked like a creepy person staring at us like a Alfred Hitchcock movie (I must have looked the same way)- I paid using Sofitel reward points, but I was killed on the exchange rate only given 0.89 US cents per $1 Canadian (the exchange rate was actually 0.96 at the time)
4	Great Hotel centrally located. Two small issues, I don't like paying extra for internet - I'll trade TV for Internet if I have too. The second issue was that the safe malfunctioned. However the service to fix it was fast and considerate. Sobed was amazing. Will be back :-)
4	Ambiance: ExcellentRoom: ExcellentService/Concierge: ExcellentParking: Expensive Location: ExcellentThis hotel is a solid 4 star as the location is great and it is somewhat newer. The prices can get real high real quick so watch out for the prices. I got a deal through hotwire so it was affordable. We were here for the new years and concierge was very helpful in finding us last minute spots and places that were open around new years (I found the hard way that a lot of places close down during new years) Initially were given a smaller room but after pushing a bit we were upgraded to a higher floor and a nicer room. When we came back to the hotel back we were invited in a for a free toast of champagne in the restaurant in the lobby a very nice gesture. Now for the downside there is only valet parking and it can add up really fast.
5	Mathematical!!!! I am all about the Sofitel. My sister and I booked our trip on Bookit and got a pretty good deal :)It's not exactly architecturally stunning on the outside, but the lobby is beautiful with comfy couches, a lovely bookcase, candles everywhere at night, and 3 computers in one corner with free internet access which I needed because my name is Kristelle and I'm addicted to facebook. Excellent staff. The room was ginormous, clean, and seriously awesome with tons of storage space. So awesome that the first thing I did was take off my clothes and dance around the room...sorry occupants of the building across the street. Bed is ridiculously comfortable and I cannot say enough nice things about the room service. We ordered dinner once (their french fries are divine. DIVINE.) and breakfast twice. I freaking dream about their pastries.Great location, the Peel, Mont Royal and Crescent street are all within walking distance, as is Burritoville. In fact, on our first day we walked to Old Montreal and back, but the hills be killin me son! Would stay here again, for sure.
5	Amazing.
4	Hotel is within a couple blocks of the subway and you can even walk to Mount Royal.  Check in was simple, rooms are decently decorated and clean.  Got moved to an upper floor after hearing drilling noise from below.  Front desk staff was very accommodating.  Very easy to get around the city on subway, walk or just take a taxi.  Did not eat at the hotel but had a drink at the bar which was good and the staff very nice.
5	this place is amazing! very clean, very comfortable--we didnt want to leave!!!!AWESOME!!!!!
4	Great location. The room was clean and spacious. The bath tub was very small for a deluxe room though. The staff was nice. I loved the L'Occitane products.The food was okay and pricey.Overall, I had a nice stay.
1	Will never stay here again!!!!The water pressure in the shower was terrible!The bed had a wow in it....must be the same mattress since the hotel was built...horrible...worst sleep and woke up with a sore back.Breakfast is over priced....actually it's absolute rip off!
5	Excellent staff, nice accommodations. not one complaint
3	Best part of the hotel is the location.  I'm so glad we didn't stay in Old Montreal.  Lots of bus & train options.  Wasn't too noisy (as far as street noise.)  Some guest noise: Room doors are very close to one another.  Staff & concierge friendly, professional & helpful.  We booked through a discount online service, with no impact to the service we received.  Like that they have recycling bins in the rooms.  Happy to have L'Occitane products.  Showers were fine.  Wish there were a coffee maker in room and space in the fridge for us to store leftovers or some pop.  No fan in the bathroom, and the door to the bathroom doesn't allow for much privacy.  Didn't try the restaurant or exercise room, but used the computers in the lobby daily to check email & plan next day's logistics.  And printed boarding pass, which was nice to get out of the way the night before traveling.
3	Sofitel Montreal is no Sofitel Paris, despite it's high ranking among Montreal hotels. The rooms are clean and spacious, the bar is good (though dramatically overpriced), and the restaurant is decent (though likewise overpriced). Basically it's a standard mid-level hotel with better decor in the lobby, and it's a great location for site seeing or getting to the village. My two suggestions would be: better music in the lobby (bad pop or jazz at too high a volume), and stop bugging your guests once they're in their rooms. There were two unannounced visits and two phone calls from the front desk in two days. I didn't come to the hotel for a free pen and you could have talked to me about breakfast when I checked in. I came to relax, so let me relax.
5	Outstanding. What really impressed me about this hotel was the genuine commitment to excellent service. The rooms are nice, albeit a tad small, but well kept. The chamber maids did a thoughtful, excellent job daily in making up the room (I was there for 5 nights). The food is great, and the front desk and concierge were incredibly helpful in guiding me to taxi's directions etc..I hope to come back, and I will be using this hotel every-time.
4	What makes a hotel a good hotel?  For me, it's when I sleep comfortably in the bed, the staff is friendly, the location is good,the room is quiet and clean.We got a deal on booking.com (still expensive,  keep in mind this is a 5 star hotel) and spent 3 nights here during New Year's.  Pros: great location - moments from central downtown and a metro station; bed was great, room size was great, cleaning staff did a great job; room hair dryer was maybe the weakest in North America so I called down for another and got a better-working oneCons: room was always freezing; the bathroom door doesn't shut (design feature) which is really awkward and there's no bathroom privacy; concierge was never very helpful and almost a little rude (when I asked for a brunch suggestion all he would offer me was the hotel restaurant brunch); told us coffee was served in the lobby when we first checked in but it was never to be seenBiggest "faux pas" (pardon the French) was that when we checked in she FAILED TO MENTION that we got FREE WIFI in the room.  After a day or so of eating data, my traveling companion called down to ask about how much wifi cost -- and the front desk staff still BARELY admitted that there was free wifi, mostly pushing the "$20 high speed internet".  So don't be fooled!
4	Pros: Clean rooms, comfortable beds, free coffee/water, free wireless, friendly valets and reception, ideal locationCons: A/C was a little finicky, parking is $35/nightVery nice hotel and I would recommend it to others. The location is great because it is close to everything but not too close so you avoid excess noise/promiscuity. The free wireless is great so my friends and I could look for restaurants near by and things to do without paying for roaming data. The beds are very comfortable, pillow top mattresses -- I think I could sleep the entire day in them. I was impressed with valets because instead of being pushy and taking my bags, he asked if I needed any assistance.
5	For an average joe as myself, this hotel felt very luxurious. The rooms were all neat, clean and tidy. The hotel staff were all friendly and courteous. The food and drinks were delicious. From my standard room I had a really nice view of Mount Royale. Highly recommended.
2	First time having a meal here.   A beautiful lobby of a high end hotel.   Did not stay here but had a business breakfast. Nice surroundings but the experience was far from terrific.   Service was meh and slow. Bagels were very good but coffee was cold and at over $110. for 4, I believe a diner would give us better for $20.Hard to believe that I would come back.
5	staff were friendly, upgraded to jr suite for 50 bucks a night, excellent overall.  Except Renoir wasn't so good, however, the room service (eggs Benedict) that I ordered probably came from there were very good.
4	Very nice hotel in a great location close to St. Catherine's street and other conveniences. One of the only ways my fiance and I could afford to stay here was because we paid with his credit card points. Otherwise, this place would have been completely out of our price range (close to $300.00 a night w/ fees). We figured though that it would be worth the try since it's rated as a 4 1/2 star hotel. When we arrived, a gentlemen came to take our luggage and open the doors. You definitely know this place is swanky when A) Everyone's dressed in nice suits and B) There's $40,000 cars sitting in front of the hotel. We didn't feel too out of place though because we looked past the glitz and glam. Checking-in was no problem as everyone was very kind and promptly took care of us. Compared to other hotels we've stayed at, this one was definitely at the top of our list. Our bedroom was rather large with a king sized bed that was very plush and soft. Falling a sleep at night was no problem! What I really enjoyed about this hotel was that our room had a separate tub/shower. We did get a room with this option but their more generic rooms do not include this FYI. My only complaint is that the room next to us was VERY loud with men slamming the doors and yelling. They also had music blasting and sounded like they may have been drinking for a few hours (or were already in the process). When we called the front desk to complain they immediately, without question, moved us seven floors up. Our new room was so much quieter and we thanked the lady working in concierge profusely. Never has a hotel we've stayed in moved you to a new room so quickly!Overall I would have to say that this hotel was very nice. We didn't eat at the restaurant on site because it was quite expensive. Drinks at this hotel are also expensive and if you want a margarita for instance, it will cost you $15.00. But you know what I say, save that money and go somewhere with cheaper food and drinks. Not like you aren't in a foodie city already with many choices all around you!
5	Great hotel! I stayed in the standard 2 double bed room on the penthouse floor. The best part about Sofitel is that they pay attention to the little details to make it feel like a luxury hotel. The linens are comfortable, the rooms are large, and the views from the penthouse room are great. I would definitely stay at the Sofitel again.
4	Staying at the Sofitel in Montreal was a comfortable end to my summer in La Belle Province.The Sofitel is in a great location - in the heart of the Golden Square Mile - in the middle of downtown and very accessible. We had booked our stay during a very busy time of the year -  a few days before the Grand Prix weekend. The hotel was booked choc a bloc, but service was unfailingly polite and prompt. Kudos!Our group arrived a bit early and we had to wait until 3 pm for the room to be ready, which was the normal time for check in, which was a bit of a bummer.I had requested a room with nice views and we were kindly accommodated on the PH floor with sweeping views of both Mont Royal and Sherbrooke Ouest. Sherbrooke is a special street: a main arterial road that is both modern and aristocratic a la 5th Avenue in NYC. Mont Royal was lush green and sight for sore eyes.The bathroom was spacious and had Lanvin products which was nice.Room service was great throughout our stay. The concierge was very knowledgeable about the newer places in town which came very handy.The only thing holding the hotel back is that it is beginning to look a bit dated: at least the decor is. The carpeting needs to change. I did like how they've incorporated scenes from the city into the artwork in the elevators and the rooms.With the nearby Ritz having undergone a complete makeover, the Sofitel will be well served in considering slight cosmetic changes: a nip here, a tuck there never hurt!Overall, the Sofitel is a tad pricey but it's totally worth it as are you!
4	Hotel was very nice.  Staff where great and very helpful.  Rooms where well appointed and had all the items you would expect from a 4 star.  The issue I had was that I was promised a lower price, and when I checked out for the 6th night, I was charged significantly higher.  I was on business, but still, I tend to protect my companies interests and this was 60 plus dollars more then what I was told.  I paid it and left a message.  Got a call and I was told that was the only rate offered.  Really a top hotel like this would let a business client have a bad feeling about its hotel for 60 dollars..happened.I would stay there again but not for over 300 dollars night.  The hotel should have credited me back for the 60 dollars when I complained.  So I would say their customer service is lacking,
5	As a frequent traveler, a bit of customer appreciation sure goes a long way! Nothing over the top is needed but a few thank yous and remembering my name go a long way. And a room with luxurious touches is helpful too!We stayed at the Sofitel for my 30th birthday while staying in Montreal. We had just spent some time at Mont Tremblant and had a pleasant visit up there. I'm Platinum status with Sofitel's loyalty program, Le Club Accor, so that certainly added some bonuses to our visit. From the moment we stepped on property, we were greeted by everyone with a smile and a Bonjour.Our room was on the Penthouse level which had excellent views of the city center. Not sure if the rooms facing Mont Royal are better as the views are a tad obstructed. The property isn't brand new but it's very well maintained. The bathroom was my favorite feature with marble throughout, a large separate bath and shower, and Lanvin toiletries. The cozy robes and towels were nice as well. The room wasn't huge but plenty spacious and extremely clean. Cleanliness is very important!All of the staff was incredible and I appreciated the welcome champagne and dessert. The staff checked on use each evening to make sure we had plenty of coffee, bottled water, and towels.I also loved the Keurig coffee maker in the room.  Plus, the location is very convenient to the Metro and the 747 express bus to the airport. We rode transit on arrival but a taxi back to the airport since we had so many bags. It's a flat $40 to the airport by taxi.My only dislike of the property was Renoir, the restaurant hotel and bar. I'm keeping my experience separated from this review but I did not care for the bartenders at Renoir. The staff was not warm at all. Very cold and pouty.I definitely would return to the Sofitel for a stay in Montreal in the future. I appreciated the post-stay follow up from the management. I would definitely recommend this hotel property to anyone visiting Montreal.
5	Amazing hotel , home away from home we stayed in NY Sofitel and decided to try Montreal at well ... The service is Ritz Carlton and the rooms spacious and comfy .. They have an amazing restaurant as well ... Highly Recommended!!!!!
