5	My whole family goes to see Dr. Steve... He is the best chiropractor I have been to.  He actually takes the time to figure out your problem areas and cares about how you feel after the adjustment.  I have a 3 year old and a one year old and they also get adjusted.  It helps so much with their 'moods' and does wonders to keep them healthy.  My kids love Dr. Steve and laugh while they get adjusted and then give high fives for a job well done!
5	Dr. Steve is fantastic and really wants to help you feel better. He cares about the health and safety of your spine. I would highly recommend him to anyone. There are a lot of horror stories about chiropractors but Steve Gubernick is someone you can trust with your back.
5	Dr. Steve is the best.  I went to see him after an injury got the best of me.  While others were advising I go a more "traditional" route of getting a shot in my back to relieve the pain and tension Dr. Steve had me stick it out and in just a few weeks my back was better than before.  I make it a point to go to Dr. Steve's location whenever possible.
5	This place is really a great idea if you need frequent adjustments like I did for a while. Dr. Steve is fantastic, and really takes his time getting to know you and your needs. I don't know how he does it, but he always remembers every patient's name and what's going on! The hours and location are very convenient, and the other staff are always very nice. I ended up cancelling after a few months, just because I stated physical therapy and no longer needed the frequent adjustments.
5	First I gotta say that I believe in chiropractic and have been a fan of it for a very long time. But 'The Joint' has shifted the paradigm of chiropractic cost & practice. You just drop in, and can go to any office. My wife & I have visited several between us, but I frequent the FLW/Thompson Peak office. Dr. Steve is great and always willing to answer questions or discuss/treat special issues (like the myriad sports injuries I inflict on myself). Dr. Tom is more physical and adjusts me to another level. I love this place and can't imagine not having it around.
5	Steve and Tom are fantastic. I love that they remember who you are and what you talked about the previous visit. Tom is the one who does my adjustments and is amazing. In five minutes my body is put back into place and I'm ready to go again. The place is clean, friendly and quick. If you're looking for a place to be adjusted, I'm pretty sure you'd be happy here.
5	This is my favorite Joint so far! I hate that I don't know the doctors name because he's the best thing that ever happened to my back!! He adjusts me like Nobody's business. Conveniently on my way home from work too! Love. Love. Love.
5	Great way to keep my back moving and in shape. Dr Tom is the best as I drove all the way from downtown.
4	Great services provided by friendly staff and well educated chiropractors. Facility does not deal with insurance however they are willing to accept FSA/HSA payments. My only complaint is that adjustments are done in 5 minutes or less. I just wish it was a little bit longer!
5	Because of my buddy Jon H., I decided to check this place out.  After my first evaluation, the chiropractor told me I was shorter on one side ( I already knew that from a long time ago).  He suggested I come every other day for a week and then once a week.  I decided to join the monthly program, it is way cheaper than paying my copay.  After today's visit (the third one)  I am even now, not that it is really noticeable the difference between legs, but that small variance can make my hip and lower back hurt like you cannot imagine.   Of course, I know I will get out of kilter as soon as I start on the treadmill, but at least I will keep coming to have them put me back together.  Today's chiropractor, Dr. Tom was awesome.  Thank you Jon for the recommendation, I love the idea of showing up to any location any time, no appointment needed
5	We've been getting adjusted for almost 10 years all over the country.  This facility is one of the best!
5	Love this place and even with my more than hectic schedule I rarely have to wait more than a couple minutes.  The staff is great and very professional.  I have a membership and it is affordable.
