3	Jillian's is pretty much the only place in the hunk of junk known as Neonopolis to ever have anyone in it, and it's easy to see why.  Its appeal is pretty universal.  It's a restaurant, giant arcade, bowling alley, bar, music venue and dance club all rolled in to one - however, everything in one place doesn't always mean it's awesome.  I've had some good times at Jillian's, but if I'm hanging out downtown it's not my top choice of places to go.I ate here once with my ex-husband, and although he left the bad taste in my mouth, the food was pretty good.  It's your typical, American, Apostrophe S restaurant cuisine.  The arcade is fun, but it's no measure to Dave and Buster's (why don't we have one of THOSE?  jeez!).  The bowling is fun, that's for sure.  It's a little more expensive than other alternatives like Sam's Town or the Gold Coast, but they have groovy balls and blacklit lanes all the time and I'm a nerd for things like that.  Also, my friend Ryan fell asleep on one of the bowling benches and they let him sleep there.  (I guess that's a plus if it's a tired friend, not so much if it's one of the transient population of downtown.)  The bar is a bit pricey and doesn't have much in the way of pizazz and the DJ and dance floor are notoriously lame.  Lots of local bands and some touring acts play here from time to time.  I've never gone to one of those shows and, frankly, I'm kinda baffled as to where they set them up.One of my ex-boyfriends once tried to get frisky in one of the banquet rooms.  I'm not that kind of a girl and it smelled like salad dressing, so I passed.  But if that's your bag, there's always that possibility.
3	I participated on a panel at the Amplify Music Festival, and this is where it took place.  Jillian's is recognizable as a variety of the "Dave and Buster's" genre- video games with booze, you know?  I'm not an afficianado of he genre- skee ball is for kids, aight?  But I did spend an enjoyable Vegas afternoon here on their indoor bowling alley.  They manufactured a decent white russian; while the pizza and nachos we ordered were TERRIBLE!!!They also have a live music venue downstairs- that is probably what sets Jillian's apart from other Dave and Buster's type places.  I didn't actually go to a show there, so I can't review that aspect.The video games looked like a tossed off after thought- nothing that looked interesting- except for the white water rafting game(?!?) that looked interestingThe decor is reminscent of your standard TGIF.
3	Oh Jillians...what an experience.As we were winding down from our big day on the strip we decided to check out Fremont Street....wow....what a change in pace ad scenery. Jillian's is similar to (but not as cool as) a Dave & Busters.We bowled under a black light and drank cocktails which was pretty cool.
3	oh! what to do in a city where there's so MUCH to do?where do most of the locals in Vegas hang out? Skee Ball and hot dudes offering to teach you how to handle a ball.Pool tables for you to reach over ever so sexily to hit that cue. i love Jillian's in Seattle. my local buddies and my crew from LA attending someone's birthday party. this location is pretty average. the scene is pretty laid back- but the local men here are completely prowling for fresh meat. you can almost feel the desperation.
4	This place has a great atmosphere with lots of big screen TV's, only 4 boothes but lots of seating, a large arcade, a bowling alley & pool hall. PLUS on weekends they have live ROCK shows for ALL ages. The food is very reasonably priced. The menu is pretty limited to bar food though. The service is kinda iffy, the y were very friendly when we arrived but once we got our food we never saw them again so NO refills or anything else. We had to track the waitress down to pay the check so we could leave. The Chicken wrap was excellent very tasty & fresh. The beef & cheese sandwich was good but quite messy you had to eat it with a fork since it was soggy. The onion rings were terrific but could have used some kind of dipping sauce. The lager was great smooth & crisp with good alcohol content.Their own brew. Overall is was quite good but service was a little lacking considering their were only 3 other patrons in the place. I would recommend it as a good place to eat when in downtown Las Vegas
1	I can't believe it's really over. I was reluctant to believe Phillip C. but when I saw it with my own 2 eyes it nearly brought me to tears. Other than the 99 cent deep fried twinkies & oreos at Mermaids there really was no other reason to go downtown except Jillian's-IT will be missed. Especially the concerts.
5	This was one of the best concert venues in Las Vegas. I miss Jillian's. Just like someone else said. Its kinda like Dave and Busters. Hope something else opens up just like Jillians.
