5	Okay, so here's the deal. I bought this gorgeous sweetheart strapless, ruched, fitted, curvy dress for my wedding thinking I would be wearing it in October. Receiving this dress in February, I thought I would have plenty of time to tone up that little bit for my wedding come fall. However, come April, the hubby-to-be and I were unexpectedly given the little gift of life. Baaaackup! What about the perfect dress I found?? What if we get married in October? What if I'm huge and the dress doesn't fit?!Obviously, changes had to be made. We moved the date closer (way closer, June), we 100% changed all of our pre-made plans to accommodate for our super-fast upcoming nuptials. The one thing I couldn't budge on was the dress. I took the dress to Valentina's through recommendation of a friend. I wanted super last minute changes made just in case my body decided to spontaneously pop out overnight. I took the dress in 2 weeks before the big day, and picked it up 2 days before. The alterations done were absolutely perfect, and this amazing dress, that fit me like a glove when I first bought it, did once again (with the small exception of a baby bump). I couldn't have been happier with her work. Her prices were extremely decent and affordable compared to most "exclusively" bridal tailors, and she had no problem making my last minute alterations for me (at no extra charge).
5	When I was planning my wedding last year, I was also with child (like Sophie below) so I decided that I needed to find a great tailor that would take care of my dress quickly, because I wasn't sure how much my growing midsection would change within a few weeks time.I bought my dress 2 sizes too big, because I wasn't sure how much fabric would be needed, and took it to Valentina 2 weeks before the big day.  Not only did she take it in perfectly, but she did it in only a few days and only charged me $30!!  Score one for the prego bride.I would highly recommend her, she was great, fast and professional.
4	My friend is getting married in San Diego, so I ordered my bridesmaid dress from her bridal shop. I had it shipped to me in Chandler and needed alterations. When the shop near me wouldn't help because I didn't order from them, I looked on Yelp and found Valentina's. The great reviews are for real! Valentina was very helpful, made an appointment with me right away, and had the alterations ready FAST and for a VERY reasonable price. My only issue is that the dress was pretty wrinkly when I picked it up, which may be standard - I don't know. Great work, very friendly, and super fast. If/when I have a big day to plan, I'll be back to Valentina!
4	You've all heard one...a Davids Bridal nightmare story.  Well I had one as maid-of-honor for my sister's wedding.  But this isn't about Davids Bridal, this is about my 'savior'...Valentina's Bridal & Tailors.  Because of the Davids debacle, I literally had a dress that didn't fit a week before a wedding and I needed help fast.  After reading the one review (at the time there was only one) on Yelp, I decided I would leave my fate in the hands of Valentina.  She was fast, reasonable and I was so confident (and in such a hurry) that I grabbed the dress from her shop moments before heading to the airport and never tried the dress on until a couple hours before the wedding.  It fit like a glove!  I was shocked that I had taken a former bridesmaids dress to another tailor (see my other reviews) and it wasn't right after 2 attempts but after only one quick alteration, Valentina's had my dress fitting like it was made for me!  Beyond this bridesmaid dress, I also took several pairs of dress pants here and they were all done perfectly and for a very reasonable price.
5	Clinton and Stacy say '3 words - Find A Tailor"  They'd be SO proud of me because I found Valentina.  I've had numerous alterations to pants (hem, waistband, rise, leg width), jackets and shirts (nip the waist or shoulders, add darts..), and even one dress that she took completely apart and put together in a shape that fits me.   She will either do the exact alteration you specify or - and this is the nice part - give suggestions as to how to make something fit better.  Her prices are fair, and turnaround is quick.  Shut UP!!
5	Five stars for:- Professional and great customer service- Clean and well organized store- Excellent prices- Quick resultsI received great results and would highly recommend to all you Yelpers.
5	I have not even gotten my dress back and I feel like I have to write a review! She was wonderful. I brought my dress in with the pins from another tailor still in and tears in my eyes over what a mess the bustle was looking. Valentina was so polite and skilled, my dress looks perfect and it isnt even done! I cannot wait to pick it up, she is also fast and super well priced. She even offered my bridesmaids discounts since I am getting my dress done. She is great, a little hard to get a hold of, but worth stopping by her shop since she takes walk ins. I am so happy to have found her.
5	I haven't gotten my clothes back either, but wow! She seems to know what she's doing, she is all business, but still focused on getting the result her customers want and she seems to know her stuff! I'm waiting for my clothes back (extra star for quick turnaround in a pinch) but I have a good feeling about this. :)
5	I flew into town for a last minute interview in the Phoenix area and needed a suit altered within 3 days. After looking on Yelp I decided to check out Valentina's and I'm so glad I did. Though she was hesitant about getting the sleeves done in time (I guess they're tricky), she said it would be ready by when I needed it. Everything turned out PERFECT! Not only did she hem my skirt, but she was able to change the shape to best flatter me. If I ever need an alteration in Phoenix again, I'm definitely coming back.
5	I love Valentina! Came to her for the 1st time when I needed to get my wedding dress fixed last October. I received my dress from the bridal store just 2 weeks prior to my wedding and I was stressing BIG TIME because the dress needed a lot of work. Brought it to Valentina after reading so many good reviews on here and was very impressed! My dress was all lace so I knew she would need plenty of time just to get it hemmed. She was friendly, kept me calm and was very suggestive as to how to make the dress not only fit me perfectly, but flatter me as well. I put all my trust in her and picked up the dress 1 day prior to the wedding, yes ONE day, and it turned out beautiful! She did such an amazing job in such a short notice. I even ordered my wedding shoes from her and they arrived quickly and fit perfectly. I will always be grateful to her for relieving me of a major worry and doing the best job with my dress. So, when my sister's BIG day arrived a few weeks ago, I of course turned to her once more when I needed to get the straps adjusted on my matron of honor dress. She of course did a quick and excellent job yet again. Although, she is a bit of a drive from where I live, she is worth every bit the gas prices!
5	Don't be fooled: She does not just do just bridal work.  I am a male and brought numerous pants for her to tailor. I am extremely pleased with the expert job she did on my clothing.  I recommend her tailoring work to men and women alike. Very professional.  What a find!
5	I went to Valentina's sometime last year and didn't realize until today that I hadn't left a review!My fiance is Bangladeshi, so for special occasions with his family I wear traditional Bangladeshi clothing.  His family was kind enough to send me a nice dress from their country, but unfortunately it was a little big and didn't fit me like I know it should have.  I took it to Valentina's, and even though it had intricate designs on it, she was able to alter it perfectly to fit my figure and even added a zipper on so that it wouldn't be difficult to take on and off.  I was very impressed with her work and will always come back when I need something altered (perhaps a wedding dress soon ;) ).
5	I was looking for a place that does alterations, so I turned to Yelp... I never really needed a tailor before. After reading the fabulous reviews for Valentina's, I decided to go there. I brought in a dress to Valentina's back in July to get taken in. I'm standing up in a wedding in New York, and was sent a dress that was about 5 sizes too big. She took it in and did a beautiful job in under 2 weeks.  I tried on the dress again in early September (the wedding is September 25) and it was still too big. I had lost some weight since the first dress fitting- She complimented me on the weight loss, and took the dress in again without charging me for the second alteration! Now the dress fits perfectly! I would definitely recommend Valentina's for any alterations you need!
5	Valentina is an amazing tailor and also a very sweet person.  She always listens to exactly what I want and makes suggestions that are always right on.  In addition to her tailoring skills she carries really pretty special occasion and wedding dresses.  She even has the cutest little suits for little boys.
5	I called her store about 10 AM on Thursday, asking if I could bring my dress in for suggestions for a wedding I was leaving for first thing Friday morning. She said sure, come on in. I arrived at 11AM. I did not expect to be able to get it altered, but was looking for suggestions for a slip or bra. Instead, she looked at my raw silk (fully lined) dress and figured out how to fix the gaping bust line in a moment. She also determined she could fix the lining which was longer than the dress, apparently from the dry cleaners over steaming it. She said she could have this done by 5:30 that afternoon!! I arrived at 5:30pm to find my dress altered, pressed, and ready to go! She had shortened the shoulders a bit, put a tack in the bust line so it could no longer gap, and raised the hem of the lining. It looked great! I happily paid her slightly less than $30 for the service & promised her a good review!I wore the dress for the wedding reception the following evening and received many compliments. :) Thank you!
5	Wow! Wonderful service! She helped to make my wedding day very special by making my dress fit well. She offered outstanding service and I will definitely go back again if I need an item altered.
5	Valentina is still cranking out quality, timely work at a fair price.  Best tailor in town. She takes pride in and stands behind her work.
5	I heard about Valentina through a friend.  I will just say she is AMAZING!  She is reasonably priced, very friendly, and will have your garment ready by the time of your event-no problem.  She has altered several of my friends bridal gowns and bridesmaid dresses, and she has personally altered two of my bridesmaid dresses.  Valentina fixed a problem that I thought could not be fixed-she was very professional and made me feel confident that I would feel totally comfortable in what I was taking out the door with me.  Knowing someone like Valentina takes a huge weight off of my shoulders when it comes to having my bustline altered on more than one occasion for a special event.  I would highly recommend Valentina's altering services.  I will be back to give her more business and happily send my friends and fellow yelpers her way!!!
2	I called to get a bridal dress hemmed - no other alterations - she said the turn around time was about 2 months.   That's completely contrary to every other review on here.   Fail. Next.
5	I love it every time yelp helps me find an amazing business. It happened again when I came to Valentina's. She is as skilled and helpful as all of her glowing yelp reviews make her out to be. I too am so happy to have found her and will continue to use her from now on. I bought my wedding dress off the rack and the bottom half needed to be taken in quite a bit to fit my hips and she did it absolutely perfectly! Now my dress fits like a glove and I can't wait to wear it later this month! Thanks to yelp for introducing me to Valentina, her tailoring skills are magical!
5	This is the only place I go to have my clothes tailored.  Valentina is a real pro - you can find cheaper but you can't find better.  If you have nice clothes and you want them altered correctly - you go here.
5	Lucky to have found Valentina!! My bridal boutique quoted me double the price for what Valentina charged me. She is AMAZING and she sure will make the alterations to your dress until you are happy and satisfied. A+ work!!! I have been referring my clients to her.
5	Found this seamstress on Yelp and since she wasn't too far from my house and had such great reviews, I decided to give her a try.  I am SO glad I did!!Valentina has done everything from shorten a dress, take in some pants, repair a rip, re-line a dress, etc. for me.  Her prices are incredible, her turn around time is great (a few times she has worked hard to get me something I needed repaired right away), and she is extremely friendly.  I won't trust my repairs to anyone else!
5	I'm so glad I found this place through Yelp.  I brought in the ugliest bridesmaids dress I've ever been forced to wear (and I have been an attendant in over 20 weddings). She was able to turn a hot pink, empire waist, asymmetrical, billowing Grecian gown into a garment that fits well and flatters my frame. The dress is still hideous, but I look great. The dress was done within two weeks despite all the alterations necessary (taking in 2" off each side, taking in bodice, hemming, shortening strap, etc.).
5	I took my wedding dress to Valentina's in April of 2012 and i had a wonderful experience! The alterations were wonderful and the price was very reasonable!!
5	I have sent two friends here since my initial visit in August. Both friends needed their dresses let out. Valentina is a miracle worker. She was able to let the dresses out by at least 2" and I couldn't even tell where she made the adjustments at. I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	Remember how I said I'd be back for my big day? I was! I brought my wedding dress to Valentina's for alterations. I went there with my maid of honor and her sister, who helped me get dressed. Valentina had no problem with us being pretty giggly as we got ready, and when she saw me in the dress, she agreed that I didn't need alterations - just a bustle. She then demonstrated different kinds of bustle, let me choose, and that was that. She didn't try to pad her bill with anything unnecessary, and barely charged me anything for the bustle. Then she held on to the dress until I could come pick it up for the wedding (I live out of town now). The dress came back pressed, but not steamed, but she told us that in advance. After hanging it up for a couple of hours, it looked perfect. And despite the fact that I was a dancing fool at my reception, that bustle hung in there almost until the end of the night, when the button broke. A couple of safety pins and I was back in action.  Valentina is great!
5	Valentina was just a delight to work with on having my bridesmaid dress altered! She was so helpful, friendly, knowledgeable and very reasonable. I've found my new alterations person!
5	Thank you Yelp for helping me find this place!It was a month before my wedding and I realized I wasn't going to lose the weight I needed to fit into the dress. I'm so happy to have stumbled upon this place. Valentina was a pleasure to work with. She assured me she could get the work done in time and really gave me piece of mind. The day I went to pick up my dress and try it on my mom couldn't go with me and my emotions were everywhere. Valentina was extremely sweet and she was just as excited as I was when the dress fit perfectly. Her prices are great by the way and she had the dress ready earlier than the deadline. I know if I need anything altered in the future I will go to her.
2	Getting married, I decided all of the great reviews to try this place out.Start off explaining my dress- we got married in VEGAS so I had a dress where the bottom zips off into a sheath dress- from a trumpet style.Well going to get pick up my dress, day of, the dress she took in way to tight in the chest. MY DRESS would not zip up. Well we had plenty of time so I said okay, no problem. She fixed it, so I think my dress is fine and the lady took care of me fine. Come to my wedding day and looking at the photos, the lady took in the top of my dress the sheath part and the bottom. So the dress did not even match. I'm sure no one noticed.(trying to be optimistic) the pictures sure do not lie though!  Honestly I should have know better by the lack of communication being exchanged. (The lady was super nice though) If you have an easy hem this is pry the place to go, for your big day that your dropping some serious dough on, I would do over and not skimp like I did, this place was a bargain but like I said I should have know better.
5	Valentina altered my wedding dress and it fit perfectly! I received numerous compliments on how well my dress fit me. My husband was breathless when he saw me in it. Valentina is fairly priced and she does an amazing job. She is extremely talented! You must book ahead of time because she books up fast.I highly recommend Valentina's Bridal and Tailors.
5	I moved to Phoenix 2 months before my wedding and had to find somewhere to have my wedding dress alterations done. I relied on the Yelp reviews and took it to Valentina, and I'm so glad I did! She did an amazing job and was so great to work with! She was able to work within my schedule and was always happy to make any extra adjustments to make sure it was perfect. I also appreciated that she did not ask me to pay a single dime until I was completely satisfied, and she took great care of my dress while it was in her posession. I don't plan on getting married again, but I would definitely use Valentina for any other tailoring I might need, and I would recommend her to everyone!
5	Based on the Yelp reviews I decided to give Valentina a try for some alterations necessary on my daughter's pageant dress. Wow! Valentina was not only professional and pleasant, she did a phenomenal job shortening the dress, taking it in and creating straps out of the scraps! Seriously I can't even tell where the alterations were done, it looks great!  I highly recommend Valentina's and although it may be a bit pricier than other places (my total was $70), it was well worth the price for an excellent job and friendly service. I will not go anywhere else...and I will definitely recommend her services to everyone that needs work fine on a fine garment.
1	Had a positive experience here before but after calling and being told she could squeeze me in, I came into the shop and was told sorry she was unable to help me.  I normally don't give negative reviews, it's just the way she treated me when I stopped in. I asked if she knew anybody else around to help me and she shook her head and said sorry there's nothing I can do for you. Which would not have been a problem if she had just been honest with me on the phone, and had a little bit of customer service and some courtesy when I was in her shop. She was short and abrupt and I won't be doing business here again.
5	I would never use another seamstress! Valentina is the best. No matter what alterations  need to be made Valentina always solves the problem.
5	I'm a little late with my review but better late than never. I went to Valentina's to have my bridal gown altered. I had already spend over $1200 on the gown so I needed a good price for my alterations, and I definitely found that here! My gown had about 7 different layers, all different material. Valentina did a great job! My gown was perfect the day of my wedding, and she was able to have it completed in 3 weeks since I was on a time crunch. And the best part it, it was half the price of what I was quoted from the bridal boutique where I purchased my gown. I'm so happy I choose Valentina's!
5	I had my wedding dress altered here. I bought a size 10 dress on a sample sale and Valentina had no problem getting it down to a size 2 to fit me. Fit like a glove and looked great! The price was outstanding! Much less than those overpriced bridal boutiques charge.
5	Valentina is so amazing!! She did altered my wedding dress and did quite a few of my bridesmaids dresses as well. She was accommodating and didn't mind the fact I waited until the week off for my final fitting!! She is so reasonably priced and listens to your requests, but is also such an expert that she knows what will look best. I cannot say enough gold things bout her!!!
5	Valentina is a miracle worker!       My wedding gown alterations were originally done elsewhere.  Long story short.... She jacked up my dress and charged me a fortune to do so. I frantically called Valentina 2 weeks before my wedding and she told me she would do what she can. I brought the gown to her the next day and she confirmed that it did not fit me properly at all.      She worked wonders on that gown!  I picked it up the day before the wedding and it fit like a glove. And her price was very reasonable. How I only wish she had done the alterations in the first place. Would have saved me a ton of money.... And tears.      Thank you Valentina!!!
5	Valentina is AMAZING!!!!!!!! I can't say enough how awesome her work is as she ALWAYS gets it right!!! Her prices are great and she is so sweet!!! I wouldn't trust anyone else but Valentina!!!
