4	Quite a neat little shop but they manage to cram as many cards as possible in here and you could find a card for every single occasion possible. I noticed a few really pretty cards with nice prints on them they didn't have a message inside allowing you to amend them to whatever occasion you want. The cards are quite pricey but if you're looking for something for a special birthday then Scribbler is a good shout. If on the other hand you just need a cheap old card, give Scribbler amiss.In addition to cards they also have a good selection of stationary and little gifts such as keyrings and purses. Scribbler also stocks Anatomicals which is a humorous range of toiletries such as energy patches, "no old bags allowed" eye cream and alleged hangover cure sachets.
4	There are few things in life more cringeworthy than your average humourous birthday card. Every time I have to smile / laugh awkwardly in front of a grinning relative whom has yet again grossly misinterpreted my sense of humour, part of me dies inside. At least there's usually a tenner inside.Scribbler is in many ways a work of genius, and has certainly spotted a gap in the market, and while their cards won't all necessarily have Billy Connolly fearing for his job, there are a few that provide genuine laughs. Much of it crass and concerned with bodily functions, but funny nonetheless.There's loads of cutesy cutesy girly girly stuff as well, which I've no interest in, but seems to be a magnet for the young and female.
4	Happy to see this cute, little card shop has finally arrived in Edinburgh, as I always enjoyed perusing its wares when I was down in London. Well located on the very central Princes Street, so if a colleague drops into conversation that it's their birthday, or your boyfriend/girlfriend calls you up and sends you into a panicky realisation when they remind you it's your anniversary today, relax, you can just nip down here on your lunch break and you'll be able to pick out something appropriate without too much difficulty.If you're looking for arty, pretty, girly, comedy, or weird, you'll find it here. Whatever message you're going for, most of the cards are snazzy and just a bit different, and they all look good, which is just as well, seeing as a card's function is to be visually pleasing to the eye. Whenever I'm giving someone a card, I always put a ridiculous amount of pressure on myself to buy something "different", that's really unique to the person I'm buying for. If you're like me, and want the days of trawling round town for an hour looking for one birthday card to be over, then save yourself the mental breakdown and come here.
4	Gimmicky card shops are usually a love or hate affair. Scribbler, however, manages to grab my affection. The cards, at least immediately to the left of the entrance, are hilarious and I've often found myself chuckling away as I look for a card on many occasions.  There's plenty with a home-made feel yet still managing to exhibit a well polished and professional design.As with most card shops, the prices vary depending on the amount of material etc used on the card, but as a guide they're all inexpensive. The vibrant interior and sheer volume of humorous cards equate to the thumbs up from me.
5	I love stationary. I love this shop.It's amazing how many stationary shops there are in the city, and I think I love them all....but Scribbler is definitely in my top 3. It's full of beautiful people and beautiful things. They have great office sets - matching folders, pens, staplers and punchs. What's more, they have masculine sets too! So if pink floral patterns aren't your thing lads, they have really nice mens things too!I'm like Sam C, I've found myself giggeling at the cards too. They're brilliant! If I need a card or wrapping paper for someone special I'll come to a shop like Scribbler - what's not to love?!
3	Do you like hip cool cards and not really care about the rainforest? Then you might like Scribbler!Scribbler is here for all your card sending needs. I don't really understand cards much, which is funny because I worked in a card shop for two years, but the idea of sending bits of card with other people's jokes that will likely be scrapped within minutes doesn't seem like the most efficient use of limited resources. And why not make your own, special cards, and recycle the ones we get? I'm guessing card shops began to run into problems in recent years. Maybe people began to think they were a waste of money, maybe they got bored of the same old jokes. But now cards have reinvented themselves with weird humour, "wacky" cartoons, adult jokes, and artsy pictures (and I suppose those last two were really the original kind of card way back when they were popularised by the Victorians). Shops like Scribbler sprang out of this market. They are the cool card shop for students and the middle class who don't want to mix with the smelly proletariat down the road at Clintons.Anyway I won't deny Scribbler's appeal. It shines a neon sign in your face then pulls you in with its strangely appealing bright pastel walls. Inside not only does it sell a range of cards for all occasions but also some stationery as well as some totally naff novelty gifts for when you're imagination has stopped existing or you really feel you ought to buy someone a present but don't want to expend more than one brain cell doing it.A bright tidy shop that fulfils what it sets out to do, and an alternative to the other big card companies.
5	What an entertaining stationary store! This place has the funniest greeting cards by far. Additionally, they have a small variety of equally hilarious wrapping papers and small gifts (coasters, paper bags, magnetic things for your fridge...)I spent a half hour reading all of the cards and miracously walked out only purchasing 4. Wish there was a location in NY- will definitely be making online orders in the future!
