5	Fabulous lunch spot to try if you're working Uptown. This is tucked away (literally, you have to search for it) within the Shaw building which you can enter in through the lobby or through the back dining area. They have everything you could want ranging from breakfast to lunch items. They offer full breakfasts including eggs, meat, taters and bread for under $5 and lots of lunch items like wraps, paninis, salads, burgers and such. Stay to eat inside, they have a huge dining area with lots of tv's within view or you can carry out. The Boardroom is one of those places I go to when I need something to eat but have no clue what I want  and know I will find something there since they offer everything. I can't suggest anything in particular and don't think they're famous for a specific item but I've never been disappointed by the Boardroom and that keeps me loyal to them.
3	Fairly new to the Uptown area, I was looking for some new places to eat beyond the plethora of chain restaurants. Walking down Tryon I came across sign for this place on the side walk and followed the directions into The Shaw building and past the Jersey Mikes.One thing you will notice immediately is options. They have salads, soups, wraps, paninis and "home cooked" fare. My opinion of places that have too many options is that they cannot possibly do anything great. And while that holds true for this place, they seem to do a lot of things well.I have had and enjoyed their paninis, home cooked chicken and vegetables and have even popped in for breakfast (they do offer turkey bacon which is great).So far, I have not been wowed by anything I have tried. But the food is reasonably priced and is actually pretty good (a few things over cooked from time to time). It is certainly a welcome break among all the other food options and therefore I have no problem returning.
4	I probably go here 3-5 times per month. You will need a snack while you go thru the many many menu items. (i think its tooo much on the menu...ON THE WALL)BUT... the food is good. Family owned. Its a Cafeteria style. You'll have to tell the person what you would like or just point at it... But if you want something off the beated path.. u can order off the MADE to ORDER menu.I've had too many different things from here to say whats good, but i can say... I've never had anything Not good. I like the Wraps, fires are good (I'm a FRY GUY to the soul)Prices aren't bad at all considering you're not standing in line asking for a number "2" (get it) value meal. No waitress = No tip to leave.. Unless you drop it in the Tip bucket place so nicley beside the Cash Register when you pay for your meal. Its a lot of space where u can relax. Tables, a few couches placed in front of a 42inc TV (usually on CNN).Honestly.. its just too much on the menu.. You'll just need to walk in... Close your eyes... Point up and say... I WANT THAT.. Have no fear... there isn't a Soup Nazi. So take your time and enjoy...Don't forget to RING THE "GOOD FOOD" BELL on your way out. Its a good way to Wake up the place while leaving.
2	I really wanted to like this place but it was really pretty bad. There are many options so perhaps we just ordered all the wrong things. We got a tuna salad wrap, a cheeseburger, and potato salad, mac and cheese and mashed potatoes for the sides. I'm so glad I got the mashed potatoes because it was the only side that I could eat.  The potato salad was downright wierd.  It had a really strange flavor and I couldn't eat more than one bit.  The mac and cheese consisted of overcooked pasta and a pretty gross yellow cheese that tasted very processed. The mashed potatoes weren't particularly good but there was nothing neccessarily wrong with them. I would say the same for the tuna wrap. It was below average but not neccessarily bad.  I think my friend would say the same for the cheeseburger. At least it's a local option and there are many choices. I would just suggest that you have low expectations.
5	I went here for lunch today because I wanted to try something new instead of settling for the usual. Thanks to Yelp, I found the perfect place to get great meals for under 10 dollars. It took me like 3 minutes to decide on my order. The menu is that huge. They offer so much, it'll make your head spin. Great food overall at great prices.
5	Best place in Charlotte!  I have worked in uptown Charlotte over three years now and have been going to the Boardroom all this time! Literally, I am there twice a day almost every day!  You can get hot entrees with so many different sides to choose from to sandwiches, wraps, salads, anything you want made to order!  Full breakfast with so many choices, too many to list here!  Omelets made to order.  The staff is excellent!  Very friendly and relaxing atmosphere, giving you a chance to unwind away from the work place.
2	I used to go to the Boardroom about a once a week.   menu with a great variety of options, from sandwiches to salads and a hot station that typically offers two - three dish options with an abundance of sides and your choice of cornbread or a biscuit.  I decided to venture in a few weeks ago and the place was practically empty, not the crowd it used to be. After looking at the hot options, a fish, covered in a red sauce, spaghetti and meatballs, that looked like they were prepared the night before, and some meat, not sure what, I decided I would pass and order a sandwich.  It was okay, but overall the staff wasn't too friendly and the atmosphere is definitely outdated with a somewhat disorganized seating area.  I wish it was as good as I remebered, but probably not somewhere I would return again.  Sorry ;-(
4	The Boardroom is in the same Uptown building where I work so it is very convenient for me to patronize. And thankfully their food is really good for the money!I mostly come here for the breakfast where they offer healthy and traditionally fattening items like bacon, sausage and eggs. The bad part is that I go down for oatmeal and leave with their breakfast burrito because it's so damned good.....especially their Chipotle sauce!They have a cafeteria style lunch counter but offer many sandwiches as well, including burgers and fries. Their Philly is really good. For lunch try thier Lamb Curry or Meatballs/Meatloaf. All very good! The lovely owners are Indian so that's why their curry specials are always delicious!Overall this is quite the breakfast and lunchspot gem, especially if you work in Uptown!
4	I have been to the Boardroom several times for workday breakfast because it is right next door to my office. The breakfast is very inexpensive and you get a lot for your money. I have gotten the breakfast platter before with eggs, bacon, grits, etc, and you get so much food. I also really enjoy the bacon egg and cheese paninis. You can easily score a great breakfast for under $5. It is greasy spoon type food so don't expect anything fancy. It is kind of dingy inside and can be difficult to find if you've never been.
