5	Great level of personal attention from a great doctor.  Dr. Mozayeni took the time to answear all of my questions.I went from wearing glasses my whole life to 20/20 vision now.  I would highly recommend that you check them out if you are considering LASIK as they do a free consultation.
5	I just had my one year follow up after getting my eyes corrected.  I could not be happier with the outcome.  After one full year both eyes are stable and I can see better than ever before.  The surgery was one of the hardest choices for me to make.  My fear was unfounded but I'm sure common to most thinking of having corrective surgery. Is it safe, is it worth the risk, will I be happy with the outcome.  All valid concerns and ones that they will help to answer for you.  I can only speak for my experience and the outcome.  It was safe, quick, and no worse than dealing with cutting an onion for a very brief period of time.  I opted for the mono-vision correction. It's a choice really well suited for older patients that are at an age where reading glasses will start to be needed.  So late 30's early 40's.  The procedure corrects the dominate eye for distance and the other eye for reading.  Your brains does the rest and it was seamless for me.  No more glasses and a very good chance I will never need reading glasses.  The procedure was about 10 seconds per eye and I walked out with perfect 20/20 vision.  At my one year visit my vision had even improved to a little better than 20/20.  The doctors at this practice gave me honest answers to my questions.  I never felt I was being sold a service but more guided to the best choice for my goal to never wear glasses again. If you are looking for a doctor that will not offer you a buy one eye get one free deal this is the place.  The cost is set and the value is well documented in the number of happy patients they have.  Don't look for the best deal.  Look for the best doctor that will give you an honest price for safe, virtually painless, corrective treatment.   It's your eyes, you may have been born with poor eyesight, but trust is earned.  I would do it again and recommend this practice to anyone thinking of getting corrective treatment.
5	I had my first ever eye exam at Providence Eye & Laser Specialists, and they were absolutely incredible. Everyone there was extremely patient and pleasant. They walked me through the entire process, and I believe I received excellent care. Dr. Engle was excellent, and I look forward to continuing to work with Providence Eye. I never imagined that I'd be thrilled about going to an eye doctor, but that is the case with this wonderful office!
5	- Excellent staff- Excellent service- Excellent patient care- Excellent technology- Excellent EXPERIENCE!No doubt about it, Dr. Mozayeni will be my #1 recommendation for anyone considering LASIK surgery.
5	I could not be happier with the experience I had at Providence Eye & Laser Specialists. I already have 20-20 vision the day after the surgery and minimal dryness and disruption to my daily life. Dr. Mozayeni and his staff are incredibly good and knowledgable at every step you have to take in this process. They give you every confidence you need to be able to make the decision and get the best treatment and care during and after. I highly recommend them to anyone considering lasik. Thanks, Dr. Mozeyani for giving me my vision so seamlessly.
4	I went here for my yearly eye exam to get my contact prescription renewed.  The facility is clean and my appointment started on time.  The staff was pleasant.  THEY DONT DO THE PUFF AIR TEST!! My doctor was knowledgable and helpful.  All went well until I checked out.  I made sure they were on my insurance plan- which was also confirmed by the receptionist when making my appointment. Well when i check out they said I had to pay my contact exam myself and theyd give me a receipt to submit to my insurance which was $50.  Im still waiting on that 3 months later-at no fault of this office. This alone makes me debate if ill go back next yr bc dealing w insurance companies is such a pain. Id like to find an office w all inclusive customer service.
5	I could not have asked for a better experience. They made the process so easy, not to mention everyone in their office was so nice and accommodating!
