4	Miss Selfridge is hot or miss for me. Sometimes it's great and sometimes I just feel like it's a little tacky looking. Owned by the same guy as Topshop, you can sometimes find some Topshop rip offs for a little cheaper. They often have 20% off for students or an extra 10% off jeans. Everyone likes a discount! This store always has a sale on. I am amazed by the constantly full sale rack. It does mean you can usually pick up some bargains as well as some cheap jewellery. The layout of this store is what I like about. With big sweeping staircases the shop is divided up and feels a little more spacious. The staff can be a bit grumpy or too busy chatting about gettin' steamin', but most shop assistants are like that these days.
3	When I was at school, Miss Selfridge was an obligatory stop on any girly shopping trip and I used to wish that my paltry pocket money would stretch to buying my clothes here. I'm a bit older now and no longer lust after their garments, but I still pop in on a regular basis. The store is quite spacious and the clothes, shoes and accessories are spread out over three floors. I find the things in here a bit girlier and more accessable than TopShop, but there's nothing particularly edgy or unusual: it's all rather safe and pedestrian. As we're coming into summer there are lots of pretty, vintage-inspired dresses.The student discount makes it an affordable option, but I generally find that a lot of the stuff is over-priced and similarly styled things are available for a lot less in H&M and Primark.
4	I don't know why, but I always associate Miss Selfridge with younger styles of clothing. Like, for teenagers and stuff. Sometimes it's still veering towards wee girlie, but for the most part the stock is of a good quality. It's priced as such but with the majority of dresses you buy, you know they're going to last. I bought a jumper from Miss Selfridge almost ten years ago. I shit you not, ladies, it still fits like a glove and since it's black and plain, looks smart for interviews. I always go to chuck it out and give it to charity, but can't quite bring myself to since it's lasted for so long (and still looks new!) I'm such a thrift merchant, but there you go. On to the new stuff: frilly, pink and glittery, Miss Selfridge sell pretty things. And I would have to agree with Steph - this one is bigger than the Buchanan branch in Glasgow. It's also better organised, with clearer distincations made between former and casual attire.The staff were nice in here and I got some serious bargains. Miss Selfridge always come up trumps with sales, and a whole part of the shop was dedicated to just that. I managed to walk out with four items of gorgeous jewellery for 4 pounds! It almost felt like robbery, I was well chuffed. I still prefer Topshop to Miss Selfridge but considering they're both owned by Arcadia, I'd recommend it. This store in particular is a good 'un.
5	Whenever I get birthday or Christmas money,  I always choose to spend it in here. They have some lovely things, often you have to search for them but when you find them, it's amazing.yeah, ok, when you first walk in the floral patterns and fluorescent lace does overwhelm you, but if you go further into the shop and to the lower level you'll find some brilliant things. They model their mannequins particularly well too, I always try on the outfits on display thinking they will look good on me too. They don't.One of my favourite things about Miss Selfridge is the fact that you can buy something they display in the window and not many people will have it. We've all been there - when in a club or a house party and someone else is wearing the same dress as you, but not if it's a Miss Selfridge dress!It does get a bad press, but I really like it!
5	I always go in thinking the stuff is cute, but can never find anything.  I did it again this time, but I saw a specific dress that I had to try on...  if for any reason just to rule it out...right?!  Anyway, I particularly like the layout of this store because there is room to move around and it seems like there is more to choose from.The reason that I am giving this store 5 stars is because of the OUTSTANDING customer service they gave me (and others as well).  In fact, for a moment I thought I was back in the states again, with sales associates bending over backward for me.  I took my dress into the fitting room and the lady in the fitting room said, "I love that dress!  If you need help with the back, just let me know and I'll help."  I put the dress on and proceeded to zip it up.  It zipped up just fine and I asked her to tie the back when she noticed that the zipper was wonky.  She got one of the other girls to get me another one that wasn't broken and said she just pop it into the faulty bin.  She apologized profusely for it, but I was the one who apologized because I thought I had broken it.  She reassured me it wasn't my fault and that the zipper was just faulty.  However, the zipper was so faulty that it couldn't be unzipped, so they had to cut me out of it!  How embarrassing!  But the sales associates were so friendly and helpful the entire time.When I asked to try on another size, they got it for me and when one of them even suggested a couple other items and went and got them for me.  When I came out of the fitting room, one of them was telling me about some of the accessories that would go with the dress, which was also really helpful.  The lady at the cash register was really friendly as well...  just overall, great customer service and for me, when I am shopping, that means a lot.
3	Yet another clone high street shop. Not a big fan of the clobber in here and the clothing is expensive and not particularly good quality. However, the shop is a good size, has big changing rooms and a decent selection of trendy items.  Elevated from meh to average because of the Armstrong's vintage clothing concession upstairs. But I think that may be gone now? It's worth a rummage if the rails are still there!
