5	Had a great experience! Hired him to take some photos of the recent storms and received an amazing print for a great price! This fine art photographer is someone I will use again  :) I have also recommended him highly to many friends for decorating their house with artwork! Thanks again jbphotographyllc!
5	I recently had JB Photography do some photos for marketing material that my business was putting together.  Jeff met me at a perfect locatiob for the scope of work we did.  He captured the greatest angles and colors.  the entire process from start to finish was extremely professional.  JB Photography will be doing all my work from here on out.  Highly recommend this company!!!!!!
5	JB Photography is one of the best! The husband and wife team were fabulous, flexible and very professional. I was so impressed with their concern to detail and knowing all the right positions, lighting, settings and backgrounds for just the right picture. My pictures far exceeded my expectations, and are some of the best I have had done to date. I would recommend them for any event, occasion or picture need. Great people to work with, and of course the pictures speak for themselves. Top notch all the way around.
5	Jeff & Carly are amazing!  They recently did our family photo shoot in unusually windy wet weather for AZ.  They are creative, friendly and easy to feel comfortable around!  We can't wait to have them shoot our daughter's 1 year pictures in a couple months!  They offer props, locations & meet you wherever you need them too!  They are fast in getting the pictures back for you to review and give you sneak peeks during editing!  We LOVE them!
5	I highly recommend JB Photography. My husband and I recently had baby announcement photos taken. It was hard to choose since all of the photos turned out so great. Jeff and Carly were so patient with our 3 dogs and the pictures were a hit.
5	My husband and i had our maternity pictures done with them and they turned out AMAZING!! The whole experience was very wonderful and stress free. They are very professional and very easy to communicate with. Also they prices are very reasonable! Overall it was just a perfect experience and i would get pictures done with them in a heartbeat!
