1	I was looking online for a place to get some gun safety/shooting lessons. This company was very local to me so I checked their website. http://www.arizonatacticalfirearms.com/index.htmlThe very first thing that I saw was a young woman, with a tight little shirt, holding a machine gun with a come-hither look. Based on this and the "ATF Girls" section (girls in tight shirts, breasts peeking out the bottoms,  all holding guns and posing for the camera), I was not inclined to go to these people for lessons. I'm looking for a professional place that will treat me (a woman) as a customer, not a good-ole-boys club with titty pictures on the walls. I'm not a prude, but this place lacked any professional credentials once I hit their home page.  Too bad there is no "contact" link so that I can kindly inform these people of the impression they are making on potential female customers.
4	I have a friend who is a big oaf.  One day, the oaf managed to get a .357 round lodged quite soundly in his handgun.  As I saw him head to the drawer full of hammers, I proposed that we take it to a local firearms dealer, since they must deal with this scenario often.Lucky for us, ATF was conveniently located down the street.  The gentlemen behind the counter took a quick gander at the fastened firearm, and then headed for their drawer full of hammers.  Using a piece of wood dowel, they dislodged the shell without a series of unfortunate events unfolding.The charge for this service?  A hearty handshake.So, we visited for a spell and found out about their CCW class, which led into a big discussion regarding their Machine Gun Safari.  This sure wasn't the kind of colloquy that liberal bedtime stories are made of.As soon as I get the time, I'm rounding up a few acquaintances and heading to ATF for a day of male bonding and firepower.In other news... I can see where the ATF Girls could be offensive to some, like Misty, whose point of view is completely valid.Personally speaking, I have a penchant for girls in tight shirts, breasts peeking out the bottoms, all holding guns and posing for the camera with a come-hither look.  As Jim Carrey would say (in Dumb & Dumber), " I like it a-laht ".But not to worry, I'm seeing a therapist twice a week.~Swoop
3	Having recently moved here from California, I was a bit shocked to see a gun store in Arizona. There were a litany of all the coolest assault rifles, and high powered guns decorating the walls. The prices were reasonable, and the selection was good. I was able to find an FN Five-SeveN, which I've been eyeing for a while. The best part about this place where the employees working there. Simon, and Joe (or John, sorry) were very helpful and engaging. I did not feel pressured to buy, or ask a possibly stupid question. I plan on going back soon. I gave it three stars because the price was a bit higher than what I have found online, and they were all out of .40 cal range ammo at the time, which is what I came in there for originally.
1	I walked into ATF which seemed to annoy the sales people. Since i went there looking for one thing (a ar-15 mil spec buffer tube) I decided I'd ask, I was told they didn't carry them, so i decided to look around hoping to find a deal on some upper receiver parts. I noticed they carried Spikes lowers. As some may know you can get a spikes lower for $89. They (ATF) wanted $195... nothing else was priced reasonably either. So here is what i propose everyone looking for a ar-15 receiver order a spikes and have it sent to ATF get the same one they have on their shelf  for less. 89+25 for the FFL is still only $114 now use the $80 you saved on your lower at another place that isn't trying to Rob people who may not know better.
5	best selection for a local gunstore.  The layout is open and 'airy' with the doors wide open and in a strip mall!  They do NOT have the typical 'behind close doors' and 'dark' store that most every other store does.  Even Shooters World,  which I like and go to often does not come close with the openess here.  It is a shame from the lady above because I find the atmosphere the best for women to come.  Very accessible.  And sorry... I DO like the ATF girls online.    Very friendly staff too.
5	Great group of extremely knowledgeable guys. A little high on ammo prices, but when they consistently have what I need, price is worth the convenience. I highly recommend ATF to anyone looking to purchase a firearm, or get their AZ CCW.
4	Cool shop... spent some time looking through at all their high powered machinery.  Then I got realistic and moved on to the handgun section.  They have the Glock I want for a reasonable price.  I can understand why people would be put-off by the service though.  A group of guys were sitting on the couches and hollered to us to let them know if we needed some help.  It was a weekend and there was a handful of people in there but most were going without help.  Only one guy was actually up and helpful.  Ocean was his name, I think.  All-in-all, it's a sweet shop and I may be back.  Might see ya there!
5	awesome people working there that really know their stuff. Great selection of guns. WE LOVE ARIZONA TACTICAL FIREARMS
4	So I needed a adapter for my Rifle,so I called and I was surprised that they had exactly what I needed, It was a little expensive but had them attachment and show me how it is ez to put on and off. Guys seem to have alot of knowlege. If price was a little lower would have got a perfect score from me. All in all fun place to visit even from Avondale.
5	Great service,and very knowledgable. Walked in with a mission to leave with some self defense items. Got exactly what I wanted and got to check out a bunch of other items to determine if thats what I want. Definitely recommend.
