5	Freddie Spencers High Performance Riding School offers some of the best motorcycle instruction you will find anywhere, great program, I unhesitatingly recommend it to anyone with at least good basic skills. What they teach: Trail braking and body position are the school's primary focus. Other stuff is covered --- limits of traction, throttle control/downshift blipping, rear brake use and some visual skills but they are secondary to, or in support of, the primary focus. The school uses CBR 600s and various tracks in the Las Vegas Motor Speedway complex. There's plenty of track time and lectures are well focused. What you should get out of it:Greater turning with greater speed and much less lean angle than you'd think possible. Nifty for going fast on the track or getting yourself out of a dangerous situation on the street, for example a gravel covered turn or an unexpected obstacle. You'll also learn to decrease your stopping distance from any speed.PreparationNothing required, but if you aren't at least somewhat comfortable on the bike and on the track you'll feel like you are being force fed through a fire hose and probably not retain as much as a slightly more advanced rider would. Lead instructor Nick Ienatsch (two time AMA champion, Cycle World contributing editor, author and excellent teacher) has an excellent book, Sport Riding Techniques. Nick didn't even mention the book until a student brought it up, explaining its Freddie's school and the book was a separate project, but it contains the core of the class. Reading it before going in would definitely be a leg-up.  Compare/Contrast: Freddie Versus California Superbike SchoolI went to a CSS 2 day camp in 2001. http://www.superbikeschool.com/ That was a while ago and I was at the time a pretty inexperienced rider so it's hard to compare. But, let me take a stab at it- Cost: About the same. Freddie's list price for the 2 day session (what I went to was the 3 day version) is slightly higher than the CSS list price, but just by signing up for Honda's Rider Club (no Honda required) you can get a 10% discount, putting the two within a few dollars of each other. CSS doesn't run a 3 day school as far as I know.- Instructors: Freddie's instructors are themselves world-class riders, while CSS instructors are excellent (but mortal) riders well trained to teach a curriculum. Of course, you can argue that a better rider isn't necessary a better teacher. End of the day both schools offer excellent instruction. Freddie's people, do, however, put on a better a show with highly dramatic presentations. - Focus: CSS is in my experience largely (not entirely, of course) about visual skills, while Freddie is much more oriented toward physical skills. CSS doesn't believe in trail braking (or perhaps sees it as too advanced to teach at other than the very highest levels) while Freddie spends 75% of his time on it. CSS stresses counter-steering, Freddie warns against it. - Teaching style: CSS tends to teach narrowly defined skills with highly specific drills while Freddie teaches multi-skill techniques and expects you put them together on the track .Both schools are great, they compliment each other well and anyone who can attend both should do so. If forced to pick one I'd say that CSS may be easier to absorb for a less experienced rider, while Freddie will put top level racing tools into the hands of everyday riders who come in with at least the basic chops down.  Full Disclosure: This review is an abbreviated version of something I posted on Southbayriders.com. For the full review see http://www.southbayriders.com/forums/showthread.php?t=20852
5	I attended the Pro 2-Day school. My main focus is roadracing so I forgo the dirt-track portion of a Pro 3-Day school. Excellent curriculum and instructors!!! I came into the school having a great year of racing. The goal was to pick up new tips and techniques to elevate my race craft to the next level. To that end, I was successful. I learned 2 things: stop charging the corner and drop my head on acceleration. Unfortunately, I didn't wake up the very next morning after the school, and gained 2-3 seconds a lap. It took much discipline on the first issue and practice on the second. The improvement was not overnight but I did gain those 2-3 seconds ~6 months later.I would highly recommend Freddie's Pro school to anyone with roadracing aspiration. Quite a few Pro riders went through the school.  (ie., Larry Denning and Robert Jensen. Jason DiSalvo also joined us for some laps but he's practically local and Jeff Haney was his riding coach.)
5	It's gone!!I don't know all the details but the school rather suddenly closed up shop in November or December of '08. Apparently instructors hadn't been paid for several months, and then one day Honda showed up and reposed the bikes.  The riding forums have all sorts of rumors, if you are interested google away.All I can say  is thanks for the memories and the skills and I'm sorry I'll never be able to attend again.
5	Its back!!! Kind of....Freddie Spencer Riding School may no longer be around, but key instructors Nick Ienatsch and Dale Kieffer together with  two-time MRA No. 1 plate holder Mark Schellinger and multi-time MRA and USBA class champion Shane Turpin have set up shop under Yamaha's umbrella. I haven't been (YET!!!) but my guess... Nick will run a fantastic school and as for Freddie himself... dude, this train has just left the station without you. http://www.ultimatemotorcycling.com/2009_Yamaha_Champions_Riding_School_Miller_Motorsports_Park
