4	I recently moved in The Modern, formerly known at Luxe Lofts, which failed with the economy tanked even though the exterior was 95% done and the interior 98% done. Since becoming The Modern, it has gotten a wonderful facelift with some fresh stucco and beautiful finishes all around the complex.Coming from Veer Towers, my standards were pretty high, but The Modern seems to be fitting the bill fairly well. The amenities seem endless here! The gym is fantastic with a wide variety of equipment and is looked upon by the yoga loft above it. There's a private room for massages, showers, a bathroom specifically for gym use. There's a steam room and sauna. The pool area is not just one pool, but three pools lined with cabanas and completed with a large jacuzzi, big enough for fifteen people or more.The common area has nice large lounging couches with fountains, grills and a fire pit (can't wait until winter!) There's a club house with a large television for watching movies, but really, who wouldn't want to just watch a movie in pajamas in their own unit? My favorite part about the club house is that they have table shuffleboard! Yes. Really. They also have Foosball tables around the property. On the roof they have another area dedicated to entertaining. It's outfitted with large dining tables and more grills.The security here seems decent enough, and at the moment the whole complex is barely occupied since they are for sale as of recently. They are currently renting out only a few units, and selling the majority of them which I think will keep a certain kind of resident. The only issue with this complex is that it's TOO new.. there's still a lot of hiccups. Getting things fixed and turned on.. having the trash chute unlocked which still hasn't happened! It took a couple weeks to get the access card for the gym and pool.I'm sure over time these things will smooth themselves out. For now, I'm just enjoying the peaceful quiet and sleekness of the modern glass walkways, the wood floors, large picture windows, granite counter tops and kitchen bedecked with stainless steel Kitchen Aid appliances.
5	Moving into The Modern has been the best moving experience.  Being located on Flamingo 10 minutes from the strip is the best of both worlds for me, I am not in the middle of all the craziness on the strip, but if I need to be I can quickly.  After looking at a lot of different high-rises and condos in Vegas, I concluded that The Modern is the place to be at a great value with plenty of living space... & there is lots of privacy, great amenities, and it is very quit!The staff there is awesome, and Evelyn has been absolutely the best to work with in helping me with my overall moving experience! I give The Modern 5 stars because overall its everything I was looking for and the move-in experience was a breeze.
5	I recently moved into the Modern from Loft 5 and Wow! The staff are so friendly and ready to assist with anything, the neighbors are cool, friendly and easy going, the parking is soooo much better than Loft 5. No gym membership necessary anymore because our gym is all you need AND it overlooks the pool area which has CABANAS! Something Loft 5 also lacks. The electronic key cards are a very nice "Modern" touch (see what I did there?). I really like the recently completed community room which has a pool table shuffle board and foosball table and multiple flat screens. The location is great and the atmosphere is amazing. You have to live here.
5	Just toured with a cousin of mine- AMAZING property- It feels like your in Miami! The aesthetics are incredible  and the grounds are gorgeous- and SO secure. The manager, Leslie, was very informative and helpful. The location does not seem ideal in the least bit, being more towards the suburbs. But, the building itself has more to offer than most comparable high-rises.I love it.
1	This place used to be awesome there is  mold in the gym there is no security. No one is here to clean the property,it is disgusting. They have just fired the concierge service .you will pay a fortune to live here and there's no amenities here. They have commented fraud. Don't move here
1	Do not move here !!! I moved in May 2013 this place used to be awesome but not now!!! There is no security here there is no concierge there is no heated pool until April they told me it was year round !!! Since I have been here there has been black mold in apartments they have at least six apartments that have floods. The top floor of the gym has had a leak they have yet to fix!! How can anyone  give this any stars,u must be smoking something. Do not move here. You can keep taking down my review but remember I live here and I know all the fact
4	great apartment
1	Do not move here!!! They are lying to you there are no  amenities here no security . All the machines in the gym have problems.  The second floor in the gym is covered  in plastic it's been over three months!!! Don't believe any thing they say here. you can keep taking my review down  but remember I live here and I know what goes on here so I will now check it everyday
1	Awesome
5	This is a great place to live.  VERY upscale and the best amenities I've ever seen in a condo complex.  The pool is BETTER than most hotels.....they even have foosball by the pool!  Check it out and DEF see Jeslie....she's the best!
5	This place is a quality establishment! The customer service is wonderful and JESLIE is always a pleasure to deal with and always has a smile on her face. I am so glad I found my home, finally!!!This is a must see high end luxury urban living condo !  EDDY H
