4	Tuesdays aren't a big night in any city, but until I arrived here I was really starting to lose hope on Charlotte. I was hanging out with Jeffrey H. (of Yelp DC - nay Boston - fame) and we were looking to have a cute gay time while enjoying a cool, refreshing adult beverage. Not to much to ask for, right?We were about to give up after failing to find aforementioned items in several places.  Then a bartender told us to check out The Bar at 316 because they were having karaoke.  Score!As soon as he mentioned it I remembered being here when it was Liaisons.  Fortunately I had fond memories of my last visit, so it was an easy decision to come here.Karaoke was definitely interesting.  Everyone was surprisingly nice and the straight boy bartender gave me enough eye candy to keep my interest all night.  The quote for the night (possibly the week/month/year) came from a guy who came up complimenting my bone structure.  He digressed into gossiping about a young blonde boy that apparently wasn't as friendly as me. "Honey, he's trash. That's one load his mother should have swallowed."Did I mention the hot bartender? Either he was flirting back or the drinks here are really cheap because 3 Ketel One & tonics and 3 rum & diet Cokes were only $35... plus we got free shots when we first got there. Southern hospitality. I love it!
4	Last night was the 2nd time I've visited 316 and honestly I have found a really great place to hang with my friends on a Friday night.  The place was packed and it was a good, diverse crowd...and it really filled up after takeover uptown ended.  It's a converted house just south of uptown, with two floors, several 'lounge' type rooms and a main bar upstairs.  There are several large balconies for people to enjoy some night air and some drinks.  The music selection was also pretty decent.  I'll definitely be back!
4	Been here 2x under the name of Bar @316, before it was called "Liaisons". I like 316 better! The bartenders are cute, the guys are friendly and the ambience is that of a bar/social gathering. Its no "hole" in the wall, thank goodness. If you're shy just walk up to a guy you're interested in and introduce yourself, most people appear to be friendly. Also the drinks are great prices, which I love. Also $5 cover, Check them out. I've been only on Saturdays, but intend to check them out during the week. A friend of mine goes 4x/wk and she loves it...and she's hetero!
3	Pretty bar, nice people, wicked crowded, bad parking.We arrived around 1230 and I had to pay a $3 cover since I wasn't a member (not bad, but free is better). They have a downstairs bar, but we headed straight upstairs and was hit with a really crowded room. Everyone was nice, the bartenders are attentive, but it's hard to move in this place due to how many people come! They do have great outdoor balconies, but since the weather is chilly, no one was out there except to smoke.I had a Yuengling for $3.50 - not bad, but they have no taps and didn't have Sam Adams or Sam Adams Light, so I am not sure how good their beer selection is. Parking is annoying - very few spaces at the bar, oftentimes people have to park down side streets or in Einstein Bagel's parking lot.The bar was beautiful, so I would go back but due to the crowds and parking, I wouldn't suggest it for people who need personal space!
4	There are two places I always feel at home.1. Home2. A barAnd this is a house converted into a bar. Heaven?I was in Charlotte for business and as the gay gods would have it I was able to meet up with long time internet Yelp Atlanta friend, David K. The Bar at 316 can be a little hard to find and parking even harder but I guarantee once inside it's worth it. That's what she said?The crowd was friendly - I'm used to cliquey Boston and DC bishes who would even make me anti gay marriage. But the southern gents in Charlotte are ready and willing to host new friends from out of town. There was eye candy behind the bar that kept the drinks coming and even provided a free shot to the entire bar once the clock struck - err I don't remember. I just remember the shot.Karaoke kept the crowd entertained, balconies provided any needed outdoor space, and the feeling of home in a gay bar was certainly had. Good times, good folks, and good drinks. Yay, I'm a fan.
4	Probably my favorite bar in Charlotte. The parking lot is small so you'll probably have to park at the Einstein bagels next door if you want to arrive fashionably late. I like how they have different stuff happening every night, even weeknights! My favorite is Tuesdays when they have no cover, karaoke and free shots for everyone!The place itself is pretty swanky, the people all around are friendly, and they play a decent mix of music. Walking in downstairs it looks like a house and there's a decent amount of people milling about the bar there, but upstairs is where all the action is! It gets really crowded on some nights on the 2nd floor, but the balcony lets you catch your breath and get a nice view for people watching.The staff here is so nice and they'll always chat with you for a bit and sometimes give you a free drink! I met the owner Rodney at a CMYE and he's informed me that they've opened up a piano bar downstairs on Mondays and Wednesdays 7-10. So now I have an excuse to go drinking even earlier!
4	I'm a bit hooked.  I think it's because 316 has the feeling of bars I've been to in Boston or Providence.  I really like the direction that 316 is going. Granted, I've only lived in Charlotte for a year, but it seems to be constantly reinventing itself. This isn't a dance club by any means, but has more of a feeling of being in someones two story, swanky living room. The remodel on the ground floor has created an intimate piano bar/lounge area - and the bar on the ground floor which is generally empty now seems to actually serve a purpose! I went last night to check out the piano bar and was pleasantly surprised. Grandiose, hilarious drag queen singing musicals + $3 well drinks = a delightful Monday night. I usually go Fridays when it's busier, but it was kind of refreshing to try something new. Karaoke on Tuesdays draws a good crowd as well. The beer selection isn't that great, but Blue Moon is always a good standby. Excellent, attentive staff, and the owners make a habit of making an appearance at and behind the bar.
4	Where else can you grab a great cocktail, hang with fun folks, enjoy a pretty bar *and* on certain night catch Roxy C Moorecox performing cabaret at the downstairs piano bar?! The Bar at 316, holmes. While it's technically classified as a gay bar, it's a great place for just about anyone. Bartenders and staff are very friendly and everyone's there to have a great time. As I mentioned, you absolutely must check out Roxy's act - she's fabulous on all accounts. Plus, as Jimmy mentioned they host a variety of specialty nights that extend beyond Roxy's cabaret performances...karaoke, special priced cocktail nights, etc. Since this is also a private club, be aware that if you're not a member (or guest of a member) you'll have to pay a slight cover - $3-$5 depending on the evening. Cheers!
4	What a charming little place.  It looks like it was converted from a house, and still feels like a house inside.  Dark, swanky, classy vibe.  We came on a Monday night and there were only a handful of people there so we sat at the bar and made some friends.  Drinks priced reasonably, and incredibly friendly crowd.  Comfy, chill place to hang!
3	The old house, yes.  The decor, yes. The view, yes.  The cover, meh. The drinks, meh.  Service, meh.  Attitude, over it-gurl!!
5	My favorite neighborhood bar. Great music, super friendly staff... even a fireplace! I've taken a few dates here (even though I am straight) and love it. I haven't been to a theme night yet, but looking forward to it!
5	Great bar/lounge!  Cozy atmosphere with candles and fireplaces, friendly staff, good-looking but chill crowd, and good drinks at reasonable prices.
