5	Deciding to train with Bombshell Training was the best decision I've ever made. I've been working with Sara for the past few months and she has provided more than I could ever pay for. She tailors workouts to your specific needs and targets the problem areas that YOU want to work on. She provides alternatives to running and high cardio workouts that yield results. I have come a long way with her! On the first day of training I could barely do one suspended crunch on the TRX and am now already aiming to do 35 reps. She tracks your progress, provides tips from her own personal experiences, provides nutritional meal planning, and tries her best to make every aspect of this lifestyle change as convenient as possible. She goes beyond just being your personal trainer, she becomes your friend. Her system and methods will definitely bring you closer to your goals. She has your best interest at heart and as long as you do your part you will definitely see results! She teaches you that counting calories and that numbers on the scale don't matter, because all that does is how you feel. And feeling healthy, fit, and accomplished is an amazing feeling. I'm so thankful to have the opportunity to work with her and I can't wait until my transformation is complete! If your tired of quick fixes, counting calories, diet programs that don't work and want a highly-trained and motivated personal trainer then call Sara! She will change your life for the better!
5	All my life I have had issues with my digestion and regularity which has greatly affected my health including my skin, my weight and the way I feel. About 15 years ago I was diagnosed with Irritable Bowel Syndrome which only magnified the issues that I was already experiencing.  I've tried everything from fiber supplements to every laxative and cleanse on the market. I went to doctors and was put on all types of medications and even had a few colonics.  I really was searching for more of a lifestyle change and didn't want to be subjected to taking a pill for the rest of my life or have to spend thousands of dollars on holistic treatments. Some would help but I never found anything that really made enough of a difference in my health and lifestyle, then I met Sara.  Meeting her was the best thing that ever happened to me because she introduced me to Seven Point 2 shakes and greens which has changed my life. In the past 3 weeks I've dropped over 6 lbs and counting. My skin looks better, I sleep at night now (for more than 4 hours like I was used to) and have more energy than I've had in a really long time.  I'm also regular, everyday, not once a week or less like I was used to.  I can't wait to start each day with a shake.  I incorporate them with the right healthy foods and snacks and I don't feel like I'm going without or depriving myself of anything.  I love the taste and finally found my solution! Sara has also been there everytime I have a question or need healthy advice.  I would recommend her to anyone who asks and even if they don't I let everybody know about what she did that has helped me to look and feel better than ever.  Thanks Sara!!
