4	First off, I am a huge Baskin Robbins fan, as their mint chocolate chip is the ice cream of my dreams, and I was jonesing for it today. The 19th Ave and Dunlap shop is in a mucho nasty mini-mall but he shop itself is generally clean and well kept. The ice cream of course is the same as any other Baskin Robbins so its really a matter of personal taste as to whether or not it's to your liking. What I like about this shop is that generally 2 or three people are working there and they don't hesitate to skip over people hmmming and hawing over their selection to help those of us who look like we are on a mission and clearly are ready to order. When you're jonesing for the mint choc chip, it's hard to wait...
5	yum!! $1.00 kids scoop on tuesdays at night from 5:30 to close yay. $1.50 for a normal scoops, they also keep updating their flavors! yum! lots of parking and open till 10pm :)
4	Can't go wrong with ice cream
5	We all know the ice cream at Basin Robbins is delightful, but the customer is the best part of visiting this location.
1	we went for a soft serve cone with sprinkles. literally by the time we got to the car it was melting down our hands. and they refused to put sprinkles ON the cone we had to order a cup of sprinkles for .79 and take it to go. WTF. never again, wasn't worth the 3 mile drive.
5	We are so satisfied with the service. They didn't have the cake my mom was looking for which was a ninja turtle theme, for my son's birthday the lady was truly helpful downloading pictures for my mom to look at. The end result was amazing!! I would recommend this place to everyone for birthday cakes!
5	Always greeted with friendly helpful service at this Baskins! The owner hires staff that know customer service.This Baskins has a great selection of flavors including all the latest. Frequent specials also keep me coming back.
5	Everytime I come here I always get the baseball nut on a waffle cone. So freaking good. $1.50 scoops on Tuesdays, free waffle cone on Wednesdays, and $1.31 scoops all day on the 31st of every month.
5	These girls were great.  My kid was sleeping and we're kind enough to put my craving to rest.   Bringing out my drink so my kid could continue sleeping.  Went above and beyond. If I was their boss I would give em a raise.   To the gals workin on 10-25.   Made my day THX
