5	Love, love, love IKEA furniture.  It's a shame Las Vegas doesn't have one for us to enjoy.  In comes ModernLV to the rescue.  They take your order for ANY items that IKEA sell and lets you either pick them up or have them deliver door to door.  It's a very nice service done by a very courteous husband and wife team.  We have ordered from them about 2-3 times now and they just do a good job and they appreciate your business.  If you have a craving for IKEA, and the shipping costs and the travel time are a big hassle, call ModernLV to fulfill your needs.  I will use them again when we decide to get more stuff and forgo the hassle of going ourselves.
5	Fantastic, friendly service! Highly recommend! I wanted to get the Mandal headboard, but IKEA quoted me $349 to ship a $149 piece of furniture.  Outrageous! So then I thought I'd buy the headboard myself when I was in California, but it wouldn't fit in my Subaru Outback. What to do? ModernLV to the rescue! For the low, low price of $63.21, ModernLV hand-delivered this ginormous headboard to my door! That's a savings of $285.79! Plus, they made a second trip when the box turned out to be missing the hardware (totally IKEA's fault, not ModernLV's). I will happily order through ModernLV again, even for smaller stuff, because the service is so great!
5	Couldn't recommend more highly! As a transplant from San Diego, I was missing Ikea like crazy. I saw some ads on Craigslist for ModernLV and took a while to give it a shot. I'm sorry I waited so long! Not only was this company able to beat the shipping price of my items by a landslide, the service was awesome. All communication was done by email, super quickly. I had answers to my questions and an invoice within hours. Pickup is at the owners' house, but don't be put off by that! Another handy thing to know is that all transactions are cash only, so make sure you have close to exact change. I will absolutely be using them again, probably very soon!
5	We have used ModernLV for years for all of our furniture needs at Las Vegas trade shows.  They are fast, efficient, professional and totally reliable.  Taking all of the anxiety out of getting furniture!!!  Not only that but for our last show they hooked us up with the local chapter of Habitat for Humanity to donate furniture we couldn't take with us.  We do shows all over the country and truly wish we had a ModernLV in every city.  Fantastic Job as ALWAYS!!!!
5	Great service from Modern LV. We bought a load of Ikea furniture as well as a king size mattress which turned out to be way too firm for us. Modern LV were fantastic about helping us switch the mattress for a softer version. Not only did they pick up and return the first mattress but handled the admin of the exchange at the store as well as other returns we needed to do. We only had to spend 1 night in our spare room before they delivered the new mattress and we were back in our bedroom.They also helped us with the assembly of some of the bigger pieces of furniture (a queen bed, two sets of drawers, a shelving unit). Not only were they friendly and very well priced but also very fast!You can either pick up your order from them or they can deliver it straight to your home - so convenient! They also usually have delivery specials.I highly recommend Modern LV for all your Ikea needs - hassle free!
5	Excellent service and communication!First off, I would like to say that I.love.IKEA! It has allowed me to spend very little to accomplish my decorating ideals.I live in the SF Bay Area which has not one, but two IKEAs.  My local one usually has everything I've wanted in stock, except my white whale - the RASKOG kitchen cart in turquoise.  They just don't sell the color and I was told they never will.This item (at the time) was not available online and had no mention if it ever would be, but it was at locations in Connecticut, Southern California and Utah.  Since IKEA is staunchly anti-delivery-to-even-another-IKEA-store-so-you-can-pick-it-up-from-there, I was left to turn to a company that specializes in shipping IKEA products to the lower 48.There are quite a few companies that do ship IKEA, but only to limited locales. After hitting paydirt on the IKEAfans website, I found two companies that delivered US-wide: one, based out of Brooklyn that was an absolute nightmare to contact, and ModernLV. Long story short, communicating with Carrie was fantastic (e-mail and text were used).  One phone call later, and she very kindly agreed to pick one of the remaining carts up for me from the Costa Mesa (Southern California) location.In the end, after Modern LV's (very reasonable) fees and shipping from Vegas, it came out to a little bit more than it would have been ordering it from IKEA directly, but I did not know if it would ever be available online again and it came packaged extremely well.I love my l'il turquoise cart and am even happier that it came to me via support of an individual-run business.
5	I ordered a few things from Ikea w the company. Everything was smooth and easy. I would do business with carie again
5	Thank you, fellow Yelpers, for posting reviews of ModernLV. Several weeks ago, I went online to finally order the IKEA MALM bed had wanted for months for my guest room. What I actually wanted was TWO beds to put headboards at both ends to make a faux daybed. Since the MALM bed is inexpensive, I could get this look for only $180. However, my nasty shock was the $250 in shipping costs - more than the bed! So I sighed, gave up on IKEA, and started searching online for other options. Hours later, I still hadn't found a bed I liked as much, let alone in the same price range. In desperation, I looked to Yelp for local furniture stores - I'm new here. At first, I was confused by the ModernLV reviews - why are people talking about IKEA? Then the light bulb went off - this is the perfect solution! They specialize in delivering IKEA items to Las Vegas!I sent Carrie an email that night with a list of what I was looking to buy, and she got back to me within hours. We went back and forth on the final order - I changed my mind on color once - and the deal was done. They were going to IKEA that coming weekend, so within one week I had my items. I paid a bargain extra $20 for ModernLV to deliver to my home. As promised, they called me en route to give me a time estimate, and indeed showed up at 9 p.m. as promised with my items. Five minutes later, they were gone and I had my stuff!Carrie is easy to deal with, prompt and pleasant. Everything was exactly as I hoped - better even. Carrie emailed me several days later to check on my order. Now if I can just get them to go to Restoration Hardware to pick up something else I want!
5	What a PERFECT transaction from start to finish!!!  I, like others on Yelp was blown away by costly shipping from IKEA!  Thank goodness we ran into the wonderful business of ModernLV...  From the start, the quote was amazing for shipping of 5 pieces to our home.  Secondly, everything arrived on time.  Third, of no fault from ModernLV, we needed to return one item for an exchange.   Carrie, assured me this was no problem and arranged to pick up the one piece, take it back to LA and bring back to my home the right one the very next night.  This is my first ever review of anything on Yelp because I felt like anyone needing a friendly, easy to talk to shipping solution from IKEA needs to hear about ModernLV.  I will use them again most definitely... Thanks ModernLV
5	ModernLV was integral in my quest to remodel my kitchen.  When I decided to install the highly-rated IKEA brand kitchen cabinets I didn't know where to start.  I did remember that I had read about ModernLV and their business of transporting IKEA goods to Vegas from SoCAl.  It was a great experience using ModernLV from start to finish.  I emailed Carrie the owner in the middle of the night and she responded right away with the name of someone who could help me install my order.  He was great too!  Carrie and William were there every step of the way and were extremely easy to deal with in the nerve-wracking process of my kitchen remodel.  Without their help, flexibility and knowledge, I wouldn't have been able to get what I hoped for for my kitchen.  Thanks so much ModernLV.  My new IKEA kitchen is now the talk of the town.
5	I placed and received my second order. Exactly the same as above: prompt, precise and just what I wanted. Actually, there was one additional twist: I needed to return a borrowed mattress set to a friend, but I don't have the vehicle to do it with. I inquired if they could take care of this at same time as my forthcoming delivery. They agreed, we worked out the logistics, I paid a nominal extra fee, and whoosh, the mattress set that was taking up my whole closet for months was gone!
5	When planning our relocation from New York to Las Vegas we  were disappointed to discover there was no IKEA in Las Vegas. We stumbled on Modern LV online so we emailed to inquire and WOW are we glad we did. They were SO helpful, experienced, professional and patient. They made the whole experience a pleasure. We're now happily living in our newly outfitted apartment. Thank you Modern LV!!!!
5	I just moved and was really wanting a bedroom set from Ikea, and when I went to order it online it was going to take 3 weeks to deliver.  I sent Carrie an email and she got back to me that day and I had my furniture delivered to my door within a week.  I am one happy customer thanks to ModernLV!
5	I left an IKEA a few weeks ago and wanted so much. So, I researched if there were any ways to get IKEA to Vegas. I came across this website and now..."All is right in my world!" Everything about this from ordering to pick-up and even shipping fees were fantastic.  Now..as soon as I find places for the stuff I just bought...I"ll place another order soon!! Thanks Carrie and ModernLV.
5	I found ModernLV through craigslist, and I am so happy I did.  Very simple and straight forward.  Went to Ikea's website. Copy and Pasted what I wanted into the message to Carrie.  She replied within the day to confirm the order. Sunday evening I get a call from the delivery guy stating that he should be at my apartment around 9:30PM.  9:30 BAM. All my stuff arrives damage free. Smoothest transaction ever.  Would recommend ModernLV to anyone and everyone.
5	love love love this store  eay transaction and easy shipping
5	While planning to move to the Las Vegas area, I knew I wanted to use Ikea furniture for our apartment- the only problem was getting it there. I did my research... ModernLV is THE MOST cost-effective and convenient service! Thank you ModernLV for helping us make this place our new home!!
5	Awesome service! By the time I decided which couch I wanted from the Ikea website and was about to place my order online, I saw it would take 3 weeks to get the couch. My boyfriend was going out of town after the estimated date but he was going to help me assemble it. When I found this service I realized I could get the couch and still get the help putting it together! Their deliveries are every Sunday, so I was able to place my order Thursday night. It was very easy, and I will be using them again.
5	Top notch service. Carrie went above and beyond, staying with the delivery and our client until she was sure all the pieces were sent on their way to the show floor at CES. Great to work with, can't recommend enough.
