1	My husband and I have Been meaning to go in here and see if it was anything like hong kong gourmet, so yesterday for lunch we decided to give it a try. Huge mistake! The food was literally inedible, everything was either too cold or burnt to a char, nothing tasted good. We decided to try the desert and the cream puff (I'm unsure how you can mess that up) was petrified and the cream was so gross I spit it out. The smell of the flan actually made us gag, we had such an awful time I complained to the manager. She didn't even seem to care, and gave us 20% off of a lunch we didn't even eat. We were disgusted by this place, and we will never, ever go back. Don't do it, you will regret it!
5	Wow!  It's a big, beautiful new Buffet in town, & is it ever good!  Just as I was sitting here wondering what in the world is it with the two previous reviews (both awful), one of them got filtered away right before my eyes!     :-))     Ok, here we go:I came to this new place at lunchtime today, & was greeted by the friendly staff & a big selection of 119 food items, not including sauces & dressings.  After landing in a suitable booth in this particularly comfortable, TV-free restaurant, I started with a bowl of their feisty, EXCELLENT Hot & Sour Soup!  After that, it was on to their TERRIFIC Sushi...  possibly the best I have ever tasted including in 5 trips to Japan, in Arizona, at Todai, at Sushi bars, anywhere!After some regular salad, I went for some excellent Mongolian style BBQ, with several meats including BIG shrimp!Then it was on to the hot food dishes, almost all of which were labeled, & many of which were made from complex recipes with amazing attention to detail for a buffet restaurant!  We're talking bistro quality food here for $7 or $8 folks!  Did you ever make it to the incredible Family Favorites Buffet in Mesa during its short life?  This is that!!  Just wait 'til you taste the Stuffed Scallops, for instance!Take it from this jaded Chinese Buffet diner:  Royal Buffet here HAS IT!!     :-))Lunch Buffet $7.95/$7.16 Sr.
3	Ok, I've been here three times already, I am writing this review based on my three visit. (also influence from friends) Normally, I wouldn't bother with this review, because this place is very ordinary. Nothing spectacular , nothing awful. Same as any other Chinese buffet in town. No ooh, no arrh. just plain ordinary !I feel compel  to write because I  see a one a star and a five star rating. I just don't see such disparity. (my friends opinions also)From Rand H. comment, it appear one had filter away I didn't get to read it. I respect other opinion regardless whether it agree with mine or not. Unless, the writer use very offensive language, I feel YELP should not filter it out.   "FREEDOM OF THE PRESS"
5	= = = = = = Sadly, this one has already closed!     :-(    = = = = = =
