4	Wow!  A little piece of the Mediterranean just sprouted up in Las Vegas.  Nice wine list (try the Barth Rhinegau), wonderful atmosphere, pleasant service and great menu.  Authentic tapas!  Must try's:  bacon-wrapped figs, shrimp alillo (sp?) (awesome garlicky sauce) and the black mussels (same sauce--get extra bread!).  And the price was quite reasonable--about $125 for 2 adults, a pre-teen and a little guy.  Oh:  and the staff and chef were most accommodating to our picky little guy:  custom-made pizza, cheese only, no-sauce.Great place to spend time with family and friends!
5	Enjoyed everything we had except the albondigas (only ok) but my food mate loved 'em & wants to come back for more.  We shared everything & I ended up taking the paella home which my 13 yr old son gobbled down ravenously despite never having had it before.  I thought the seafood paella a bit salty but I am used to very little salt in gen'l & it's ~$14 .  There's also a chicken or vegetarian.  Chris, our waiter, recommended the red sangria $6, which was very tasty.  Cost was ~$60/2 without feeling even remotely stuffed for ~5 dishes + 1 sangria.
3	I think, with time, Cafe Deia could be a great local restaurant.  As of early Feb 09, I think it still needs a bit more time to bake.  They did everything right on the surface.  Good location, great atmosphere, excellent service, appropriate menu.  Where they fell down was on the execution of the food.     The sangria had no fruit in it.  The ceviche didn't come with any chips or crackers.  The stuffed mushrooms were small and barely stuffed.  Everything tasted good, but it could have just been so much more.  The final straw though, was that the Albondigas were raw in the middle, and we had to send them back.  I probably would have given this place four stars if it hadn't been for that.  The flaws are easily overcome though, and I will try this place again in a few months to see how it has progressed.  I'm a huge fan of tapas and would like to see this place improve and succeed.
4	Exploring a new restaurant is always of interest.  The menu at Cafe Deia caught our attention, along with a few other specials they were offering.Starting off with their White Sangria ($20 pitcher), I found it to be a bit strong and not sweet enough.  I had to ask for some simple syrup so I could enjoy it morel.  Like Amy S. mentioned, they could really use some real fruit in there.  I like my sangria loaded with fruit and it's mostly lemon slices in there.A pretty large menu to choose from, but we decided to go with tapas all the way.* Serrano Ham and Manchego Cheese "Thinly sliced imported Serrano ham served with Manchego and a French baguette" ($9) - Highly recommended by our waiter, Chris.  Warm baguette arrived with a few slices of cheese and salty ham. Yes, it's good and very rustic.  Reminds me of the kind of food you grab for a picnic when you're overseas.  They give you more bread if you need it too!* Tuna Tartar "Diced ahi tuna mixed in wasabi, soy sauce and Asian chili paste served with avocado and green onions" ($8) - The avocado and tomatoes are served in a crispy shell with the tuna mixture and hard-boiled egg bits on the side.  Good, but needs some assembling if you want to get all the tastes in your mouth at once.* Shrimp Ceviche "Tiger shrimp cooked in lime and lemon juice, mixed with avocado, cucumber, red onions and chili pepper" ($9) - Generous on the shrimp and tasty!  It was good on its own and presented in a nice manner too.* Bacon Wrapped Figs "Fresh figs wrapped in bacon and pan seared" ($7) - My absoluter favorite dish of the evening.  A total flavor explosion in your mouth!  The balsamic vinegar sauce adds a nice acidity and sweetness, and is just delicious!  * Stuffed Mushrooms "Stuffed Chorizo mushrooms, and baked to perfection." ($4) - Yummy little buggers as well, along with the balsamic vinegar sauce drizzled on the bottom.  Good stuff! * Black Mediterranean Mussels in Garlic White Wine Sauce "Sauteed in garlic and white wine" ($9) - Came with bread which is needed to sop up all that wine and garlic sauce laying beneath the mussels.  Yum.* Mallorcan Soup "the only soup you can eat with a fork! pork, vegetables and bread slowly cooked in olive oil and natural juices" ($5) - It's 'interesting' if anything.  More stew-like, and not one of my favorites although the Husband enjoyed it.Dessert menus are delivered in a letter.* Fruit Beignet $3 - Pretty disappointing.  Nothing to rave about.  The batter had hints of all the other savory foods that it was fried with.* Chocolate Banana Crepe ($5) - Highly recommended by our waiter, especially since I wasn't impressed with the beignet.  The crepes were okay, a bit too thick for my liking.  Reminded me of pancakes, which I'm more of a waffle kind of girl.  Simple crepes, folded over, then slices of banana, chocolate sauce, and powdered sugar go on top.  I think the Spanish Creme Brulee ($7) or Chocolate Lave Cake ($7) would have fared better.We did try ordering:* Sausage Platter "Assorted imported Spanish sausages served with a French baguette" ($8) - Our waiter wasn't too fond of this and pushed the Serrano Ham and Manchego Cheese dish on us instead.* Albondigas "Ground beef meatballs served in a spicy tomato sauce" ($5) - Again, we wanted to order this, but was discouraged to do so.  Just as well from reading all the other reviews about this dish.Overall, service was good.  Chris was attentive as well as the other staff that helped along.  The food came out a bit too fast for the two of us, so we had to make room quickly at our table.  The chef came by at one point to check on our meal, which I definitely appreciated that personal touch.  (The Husband also noticed the chef helping out with front room duties too.)  We also saw salads made table side, which is totally unnecessary but a nice presentational effect.They have a lot of promise.  An outdoor eating area with firepit and happy hour specials can definitely pull in the crowds.  We went during their Mardi Gras specials.  The tapas we ordered are perfect for two to three sharing, maybe even four.  They also serve up salads, paellas, burgers, and pizza if you want something more for just yourself too. (Pics posted!)
4	This time we tried the chix paella which was also good & not salty in any way.    Next, the shrimp diabla was strongly spicy but a perfect  accompaniment to the more bland paella.  We had more of the albondigas (not good to me but my eating mate loves 'em) & manchego/prosciutto since they were out of thut to were out of the serrano ham but it was just as good.  We ate outside despite some wind which chased a few patrons inside but we enjoyed the fresh air & the patio was refreshing at this time of year.  All in all still a relaxing place to go.
5	Love love love this place! I went here with a few friends on a Tuesday night for yet another birthday celebration (and a celebration it was!) The service was outstanding. Our server Beto was accommodating and constantly refilling our (many) drinks. The bartender even gave me a free drink since it was my birthday! We ordered: Shrimp Kabobs- yummy crispy and seasoned perfectlyChicken Kabobs- equally delicious Stuffed Mushrooms- very hearty and a little spicy from the chorizo, but nicely paired with a sweet sauce drizzled on top. Papas Bravas- crisp delicious potatoes, the sauce was very hot which I enjoyed, but could only stand a little bit. Serrano Ham and Manchego Cheese- the ham was nice and thin and really salty (like I like it) which was offset by the mild cheese and crispy baguette. Bacon Wrapped Figs- absolutely hands down the best thing I've tasted in a long time. The figs were sweet, plump and juicy surrounded by crisp cooked bacon and accompanied by what seemed to be a balsamic reduction. The next time I go, I will order several of these! White Sangria- this is the best sangria I've ever had. It had delicious mixes of fruit in the glass and the perfect amount of tart flavor to offset the sweetness. (I have since found out they sell it by the pitcher- which would have been nice to know since I ordered 7 glasses!- hey it was my birthday!) Apple pie- served warm with vanilla ice cream- yum! Sorbet- chocolate, watermelon and vanilla. The chocolate sorbet was so rich and velvety, almost like eating a mousse. The vanilla was rich as well. The watermelon sorbet was tart and delicious. The decor is not what you would expect form a restaurant in a strip mall. The outdoor seating area was so luxurious with couches and a fire pit. The bar opens to the outside as well, which provided a really nice social area. Despite it being a Tuesday night there were quite a few patrons. I will definitely be back soon!
3	Cafe Deia is a very attractive, relatively new restaurant in Summerlin.  If atmosphere were all, I'd give it five stars.  There's a large main dining room and a spacious bar area.  The patio is really nice, but the brave souls eating and drinking there in 100+ degree weather had more stamina than I.  Our waitress was a young Polish woman, business-like and without any warmth.  That would have been okay.  But when I pored over the menu for twenty minutes trying to decide what to order and finally settled on one thing, with another as a back-up, she came over and told us that the restaurant was out of chorizo.  At a tapas place????  And why the hell didn't she tell us that right away - both items I picked had chorizo!!!So it was back to the menu, and nothing was tempting.  I finally gave up and settled on just a spinach salad, which was okay, but nothing special.  My husband ordered the Mallorcan "soup."  I will never understand why they call this a soup.   It was good, but as someone else mentioned, it didn't live up to the hype.  He also had the chicken kabobs, also okay, but somewhat skimpy for the price.  I can't remember the other dish he ordered, but we both had the sangria, which wasn't terribly impressive.  I think if you're going to pay a consultant to write menu copy, you should make sure that the items live up to the over-inflated descriptions.While I was in the middle of eating my salad, the waitress came over and began to clear the table.  My fork was in my hand, so it was apparent I wasn't finished.  I had a mouthful of salad, so I could only gesticulate to get her to leave the stuff alone, including my bread plate, which she'd already taken.  And a few minutes after that, she returned to hand us the dessert menus.  Now I was pissed, and was more than a little hostile when I said "We're not finished eating!"  It was a Monday night, there was no waiting line for tables, and the restaurant had a couple of hours to go before closing.  This kind of rush job is rude and, to me, the epitome of poor service.We had a restaurant.com gift certificate, which stated that a 20% tip would be added to the bill.  Normally, that's what we'd leave for a tip - if the service warranted it.  And most of the time in this city, it certainly does.  But in this case - NOT! Restaurants sometimes do specify that they'll add on a tip, and often they don't do it, even if it's stipulated.  But this is the first time I've ever seen a number higher than 18%, and this is the first time I've had a real problem with it.  Unfortunately, I didn't know about it until after we'd left the restaurant, since my husband was the one who had the certificate and paid the bill while I visited the ladies' room.  I would have had a quiet talk with the manager.We would probably return to Cafe Deia.  But we've been to so many terrific places in this town that it would not be at the top of my list.  And we would make sure we had a different server.
3	I visited this place last night and the decor is quite nice , very spacious inside with a bar and a patio. I love tapas because I can try several dishes without my stomach exploding. The Good: bacon wrapped dates, bacon wrapped figs, shrimp Ala diabla, hummus, mussels in garlic wine sauce, stuffed mushrooms The Bad: Stuffed calamari, creme brulee type dessert - like very runny bread pudding. The paella was a bit disappointing. I did not get any subtle hints of saffron. I have never had good paella n this town. I am more inclined to the Spanish style paella which is both simple and flavorful. The Ugly: lamb porterhouse - very gamy and tough. I would not recommend this dish. $10 a pop...yikes! All in all I did have a good experience. They just have to work on their menu a little bit more. There were dishes that were just awesome and some that were just horrible. The prices are alright. $130 for three people. Which is on the $$$ side. It is a good place to dine especially if you live in the west side of town.
3	Pretty darn good!  They were accommodating and efficient when it comes to service.  The food was good and the happy hour menu looked great - I was only disappointed that they would not allow us to take advantage of the happy hour from a table 6 feet away in the "dining" area.
1	We made reservations on open table & drove here to find out that it was closed on a Saturday night.  We ended up eating at Sedona (2 minutes away) and had an excellent dining experience over there.   Wish I could give you ZERO STARS.
5	REALLY good tapas.  Much better ambience than Firefly...mellower and friendlier, and not as g.d. loud.  I liked everything we ordered --  sangria, bacon-wrapped dates, some kind of pork stew (I don't even normally like pork, and I had TWO pork things here that were awesome!).... had more stuff but can't recall what... just remember being totally pleased with everything.  It's kind of far out on the outskirts of town, but worth the drive!
2	Their advertisement in the the Weekly showed a patio area where you could see the Strip and the lights... don't count on it. You get to stare at Chuckie Cheese and a few other strip mall buildings. The fire pit outside was nice and our waiter was OK. Nothing special, although we didn't try any food.
1	CLOSED DUE TO LANDLORD LEASE FORECLOSURE SITUATIONThey're looking to reopen in new space somewhere soon.
