3	New India Bazaar is primarily a dry-goods grocery store for all things Indian.  Or at least all things Indian that a honky like me needs.If you're looking for bulk rice, cardamom seeds, black mustard seeds, paneer or anything else from the multitude of Indian ingredients that are overprices for being "exotic" in normal groceries, this is a great place.There is a freezer case with Indian tv-dinner-style food, and frozen parathi and naan.  There was also a food counter of some kind, but when I went on a Sunday night it was closed - it didn't look like it was full-service.  I hear it is a chaat-style eatery.  Hours weren't clearly marked and no one was outwardly helpful, but if you went during lunch hours, you could probably get a snack.No produce.  They do have the requisite Bollywood video section, though.Gluten-free folks take note: you can get a ton of chickpea flour here for super cheap.
4	Yet another little gem. A diamond in the rough. They have all the basics and spices in bulk for making your favorite Indian dishes from scratch here. They also offer mixes and blends to help make it all a little easier. You can find paneer in the fridge and some great pre made Indian foods in the freezer. They also offer several homemade deserts and wonderful little snacks and treats in the Chaat Cafe. When I stopped in, I was intent on a snack at the chaat cafe. The employees were attentive and helpful. After viewing the menu sheet, deciding on the pani puri and the stuffed chile pakora, I  ordered at the counter. The man working the counter warned me that it was spicy. I told him I am sure I've had spicier and I am looking forward to try them both. The chile was a quite large Anaheim style green chile stuffed with potatoes peas and other spices dipped in a seasoned batter and deep fried and sliced. An Indian chile relleno. Quite substantial it was served with 2 dipping sauces, a tamarind chile and a cilantro based sauce. The pani puri was a nice treat with the spicy tamarind liquid and crispy little pockets. This also came with a small portion of potato and chick peas and a side of the tamarind chile sauce. What a great snack/light late lunch. It really hit the spot. Plus I found a few Indian treats I had been looking for.
5	Hiding inside of a strip mall is a Indian grocery hiding inside of that is the Chaat Cafe.I have to admit, I did not know what to expect going in as there were only 2 little reviews on here.You walk in and the "cafe" is to the right 5 or 6 tables, a counter to order at and a cooler case full of deserts. The menu is straight forward and nicely divided into "vegetable dishes" and "non-vegetable" dishes.As usual I had no idea what to order, so I went with the Vegetable combo for 6.99 that included 2 curries of they day, rice, naand, salad, mystery white stuff and desert.  I didn't know what to expect.  I was surprised and over joyed when a LARGE sectioned metal tray came out with my food after a bit of a wait.The food was great, fresh, full of flavor and so far no ill affects on the digestive tract. My co worker also liked his meat dish.There is the stereotypical TV with VCR for Bollywood movies but it looks like it was for sale. We were treated to some interesting Hindi music and or talk radio.They take cash and credit, I am still unsure if a tip is expected.I will be back, and I will be trying many more things here.
5	This place is awesome. It's my new favorite Indian restaurant. My boyfriend and I eat here so much we worry that the owners will think we're stalking them. My favorite new discovery there is the Samosa Chaat. I'm extremely picky about Indian food and am rarely impressed, so for this place to be right in my own neighborhood is a dream come true.
4	This is the reason you  don't see many review from me. I am always going back to this place.The locals are now used to us and we have figured out what some of the menu items are. When you walk in don't be discouraged that it may be empty or there is no one maning the counter, both customers and service come in spurts. Take a look at the menu and order the combo. Non-veggie for the meat lovers, and Veggie for us non meat eaters. ($6.99 and $7.99 respectively)While you wait browse the aisles of the groceries store and marvel at all the the food items you have no clue what they or how to prepare them. Discover the heat and eat Indian food that makes a great quick luck, just be sure to check the expiration date ($1.50-2.00) each.Sit down, grab a cup of water from the orange cooler and you food will arrive on a large metal tray just like the ones they use at the food bank.Smell the vibrant aromas emanating from the tray of mostly alien delights. Start with the salad as it will warm you up. Then dig in, mix the rice with the specials of the day and enjoy. This is one meal your tongue will really love.But wait you are not done, next comes the surprise desert! What will it be? I am eating it and still do not know, but it is good!You may not fit in here, it may not be fancy. But it is quite good and it is your only Indian option in the down town area.
4	Nice portions for the price. The curry chicken and side potatoes YUMMY! Only downside was it was a lil more spicey than i requested. I told the guy out of 1-10 i want 2 spicey. They made it 4 spicey. Came with some sides that looked alien to me. What is the white creamy stuff? Smells like yogurt.  Err no I'll pass.I took mines to go. It's basically a grocery store with a restaurant. I'll be back tho. To get some incense, cool jewelry and spices
4	I found this place when I was looking for shisha at the new smoke shop across the parking lot. I went in and checked it out.There is a small lunch counter inside this grocery store and I tried an aloo gobi to go, potato and cauliflower with rice and naan. It took awhile to be prepared but not too long. It cost $6.55 and tasted very homemade. It was also way more spicy than I expected but I loved that. I had forgotten to request a spiciness level and it was intense in just the right way.Credit card payments have to be a minimum of $10 or they charge you 35 cents. Seems fair to me.I'm going to go back there next week and try the desi pizza or something with chicken in it. They have some Indian wrap things, masala, korma and what looked to be some common Indian dishes like samosas, etc. The prices are affordable and it was fun to wander around and look at the stuff on the store shelves. There are lots of prepackaged Indian dishes that I think I'll try. They all cost between $2.50 and $3.50 and look very authentic.
5	Loved it. Grocery/small restaurant.... 7.99 for the non veggie combo plate. It was great portion. Food taste great. I will definetly be back!
4	I have driven by this place for years, and never would have stopped here if my friend Salavador hadn't offered me a taste of his chicken tikka masala one day.  The ambiance isn't much to speak of--you eat at some tables at one side of a grocery store or you can take your food to go--but when the food is this good, who cares?!  The prices are incredibly cheap, and you get rice and naan with every meal.  I took reviewer Trudeau's suggestion and added a chaat to my meal, and I didn't regret it.  Super yummy.  I also got chicken saag and aloo gobi, both of which were excellent.  The only thing I would change for my next order is to ask for the food to be mild.  I should have taken the other reviewers' comments about the spiciness of the food to heart.  "Medium" here is "hot" elsewhere in town.  My nose was runny for about an hour after finishing dinner because it was just too spicy for me.  As a bonus, you can shop in the grocery for all kinds of exotic (at least to me) items while you wait for your food.  I will definitely be returning here in the future.  It's my new go-to for Indian food in downtown Phoenix.
5	I have a new love, and it's name is channa bahtura.After many visits to this place I decided to try something other than the famous combo plate. I went with the channa bahtura $5.99 .At 5.99 this dish is a steal. It includes two large channa fry breads. Which are ironically allot like the other Indian fry bread, and a generous portion of bahtura which is a garbanzo bean based dish in a flavorful sauce topped with some diced red onion. The channa is golden, puffy crsp and extremely hot when it arrives. The flavor of it is wonder as with anything fried. The bahtura is also quite good with its bright flavors and the texture variation from the garbanzo beans. I am still not completely sure on how one eats this but I go with some dipping pinch and even eating separately.There is a new expanded menu to check out too, it even has Indian pizzas , wraps and more.They are closed Monday's and if you tab is under $10 it will cost you .60 extra to use a credit card.
5	If it's Good TASTING Indian food you want for GREAT PRICES FOR PORTIONS then stop here! It may feel like your eating in grocery store but again once the food comes it doens't matter where you are. I've tryed over 8 different places accross the valley--this has very good mutter paneer for $5.99 w/rice and naan. They don't charge you for someone to clean up the table up since you throw out your own plate. Finally good Indian food that is affordable! Check it out. Samosa's are large---2 for $1.99!
5	Another day another dish or two to try. Today I went with Indian Pizza and a small order of Aloo Tika chaat. As usual I had no idea what to expect when we placed the order. The Aloo Tika Chaat 2.99 arrived first. I was instantly the star of the table, this cardboard boat contained an immense flavor punch and some great textures. There were garbanzo beans, two large potato like dumplings and a great curry sauce. If you want flavor this is the dish for you and at 2.99 how can you go wrong? A coworker and I split a large paneer pizza $8.99. This was basically a veggie pizza with some seasoned paneer topping and a good spice note from the tomato sauce. The crust is thick and crunchy. As a pizza it was decent, however I was expected it to be a bit more exotic.Stay turned for my next random items on the menu adventure at New India bazaar where every meal is a new adventure.
3	This is not "fast" food.  This is "at their pace" food.  It took forever to get someone's attention to order, then the food took *longer* than what it takes at a full-service restaurant, and then it was a chore to pay and leave.  Other patrons were getting impatient as well with the staff, just meandering around, taking their sweet time to ring someone up while a line formed with people buying Pepsi & other items.  Really, really frustrating.Older building too, not so nice inside with decor.  Like eating inside a Seven-Eleven with less lighting.Food was just alright, but perhaps above average for Phoenix standards because Indian cuisine in Phoenix doesn't compare well to most major metros.  Portions were generous.  Prices were pretty much the same as a full service restaurant.  Food served on either styrofoam plates or metal TV-dinner tray.
5	Wow! This place is fantastic. The price is very cheap for what you get. The service is kind. Totally recommend this!*I'm stuffed*
4	mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm....I'm going back to try Indian pizza?!?
5	This is one of my favorite places. The food is delicious and very affordable. The food does not come out fast, but it is well worth it!! I almost didn't want to write a review for selfish reasons, but I would also be very sad if this place didn't stick around for lack of support. This cafe/market is a Coronado 7th st GEM!!
4	This place is great!  So happy to have a solid grocery store and chaat place in Central Phoenix.  Good chaat, mithai (sweets), and other delights.  Usually fresh jalebis too :).  For Diwali they had really nice milk sweet mithais that tasted homemade to me.  The thalis are great; especially the chicken tikka one.   I haven't tried the pizza, but it sounds good.  The vegetarian thali/meal selection is decent but not quite as good as Little India.  The grocery store is small but they have the necessities: spices, dhals, rice, attas, frozen foods, namkeens, Indian beauty supplies, etc.  The folks who work here are nice and helpful in finding grocery items.  Best part: when I was there today I saw some buffet equipment and when I inquired I was told they are going to open a full restaurant in the back!  Woo hoo can't wait!!!
4	Fantastic food!  VERY flavorful, great variety, quite inexpensive.  Perhaps the third best India food we've had, at any price.  Don't be put off by the decor, which is thoroughly strip mall-y, thrift shop-y, and makeshift (the dining room is around back of the grocery).  The  food arrived quickly and the staff was responsive.  (It was 7pm on a Tuesday, with fewer than 10 other customers, all Indian-American.)  We'll definitely be back!
4	In some ways it is all different but in some ways it is the same.The new full cafe' is open, it is in back you can enter from the grocery store or the back door. There is plenty of seating in large comfortable chairs. Flat screens on the wall playing Bollywood and of course the obligatory lunch buffet. $7.99Let me be clear the food on the buffet is just as good as what one could order. The Saag today was still packed with flavor, the pakora had a nice crunch, good pickled mangoes and jasmine rice. and at just $8 it is on the value end of lunch buffets. But I do miss the fun of the combo tray.Some things you will find on the buffet here that you may not else where inclue, chow mein noodles. Saag, fresh slices of jalapeno, super strong pickled mangoes and at times even (Indian) pizza. I am still a huge fan and will be back many times. Go in now its a buffet in a real cafe you have no excuse.
4	Pleasantly surprised! Although they looked at us like we were crazy when we wanted to order off the menu at 11:15am, it was a great experience. We ordered our food extra hot because that is how we roll...it wasn't over the top hot; just right IMO.This was my first experience with ordering chaat, and I'm now hooked...I had the pani puri chaat, totally awesome but didn't expect it to be cold....once I got past that, I couldn't stop stuffing them in my face. Then came the aloo tikki chaat, just the right amount of sour and heat...wonderful and I pretty much liked the bowl.Wife ordered chicken find aloo, best I've had of that dish. A couple of drinks and the tab came to just 21 bucks....we'll be back for sure.*note....not a nice place by any means, it is in the back of a grocery store, which is situated behind a strip club named, and I'm not making this up, "band aids".
4	I was very happy with the food for the great price.
5	I have been to over 30 Indian restaurants on three continents.  Who would have guessed my new favorite would be attached to an Indian grocery store in downtown Phoenix.  If you don't like their chicken tikka masala I don't think we can be friends. We just see the world too differently.  AMAZING!
3	Food was ok. I've always loved Indian food and have tried it at many different places including India. This place will definitely get you out of a bind if you're craving some Naan.
5	The food is so delicious and the desserts also. The veggie curries are yummy with garlic nann. I also cannot stop having Ramaslai - white dough in milky syrup. Now they start to have a buffet. I could not wait to try the buffet. The music videos are rock! The market has lots of selections.
2	Really friendly/ good service from staff. Has a mini Indian food store. The restaurant side was clean, and trying out 2 dishes it's good. I've had better but I've also had many worse.
4	This place is half market and half restaurant.  The restaurant is very casual and had a great lunch bufeet for a small restaurant; the buffet which was $7.99.  The flavors and spices were really good, I'll be back. .
5	Gobi on the buffet was very flavorful, and spicy, the individual flavors stand out well.
5	This is my favorite Indian restaurant in CenPho. They are very helpful when I ask for recommendations without meat or dairy. The prices are absurdly cheap. I also enjoy shopping for pantry items while I'm waiting for my order. Keyword vegan for those of you searching.
5	A great variety of food on the Buffet. Very good to get a sample many Indian dishes, if you are not familiar. Many may be spicy to some uninitiated palates.
3	= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE DAILY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =New India Cuisine is a dining room that lives in the back of the market here at New Indian Bazaar.  I stopped in to try the Lunch Buffet (of course!), which consisted of 22 food items plus condiments.The food choices here was about what you expect an an Indian Buffet, but a couple of things were remarkable.  Although most of these places offer Chicken Tikki Masala & Tandoori Chicken, these two dishes were just amazingly good here!  It might have been my favorite Tandoori Chicken ever, anywhere; so moist, juicy & full of flavor!  Yum!  The Chicken Keema (chickenburger with peas & onions) & the Mango Custard were a little special, too.Some of the other dishes on the serving line this time were Onion Pakora (onion rings plus), Squash Curry, Palak Paneer (spinach with very mild squares of homemade cheese) & Chilly Bodi (cauliflower with green peppers).The service was friendly & the price low for an Indian Buffet, especially on a Saturday, at $7.99.I didn't especially care for the dining room, but I think the positives here still earn this one a high 3 Stars & the awesome Tandoori Chicken will probably bring me back.     :-)
5	Everything on the buffet worth a taste.  The paneer tiki masala had my attention today.  Butter chicken and curry chicken stood out as great entree choices. Less spicy today than I am used to, but no matter what the flavor are most surely here.
4	The lunch buffet was delicious.  The ambience leaves a bit to be desired, but all of the food was seasoned well and fresh.  I am definitely going back.
4	Had a great dinner with my family, the food was simply wonderful with no pretense in the surroundings. The butter chicken was wonderful with a warm spice and sweet curry flavors wrapped around the creamy tomato sauce,  my other half had the lamb koorma and was tender and covered in a rich sweet sauce whose aroma made my tummy rumble for a bite,  our son had the chicken tikka wrap and it was huge for 5.99 he loved all the goodies inside,  the nahn was wonderfully tender and garlicky.   The service was great our server was friendly and easy to talk to. We will defiantly be back to explore more flavors hidden in the Bazaar.
3	3.5 stars would be more accurate. As others have mentioned, this place is attached to a small store (goat on sale right now for $3.99...not bad) and that makes the vibe a little odd. No big deal though. I liked the place fine, especially considering how close it is to work.Spoiled now by all of those new Indian places I've been reviewing over the past few weeks, I thought the food here was decent, but not great. I like that they had samosa on the buffet. I've not seen that lately. The chicken tikka masala was good, if more mild than I am used to. Nothing was bad, everything was good, nothing was super outstanding. A great lunch place for $7.99. Dinner prices are low too. I'll try that some time and report back. Service was basic...they bring you a drink and you pay at the register, so I don't have much to say about that good or bad. Not friendly, but not unfriendly either. It is a store with a restaurant in it. Bottom line.
4	I ate at New India Bazaar for dinner. I took it to go. I ordered samosa, pani puri chaat, and gobi. The samosas were very good and very big! The main dish, gobi was really great. As a vegetarian it seemed like I was eating chicken, but it was cauliflower dumplings. The gobi had a comfort food appeal. The pani puri chaat was weird. I've never had it before, so I don't have a comparison. The description sounded yummy, but it just wasn't. The total cost was about $14. I would recommend this restaurant. I noticed that they have a pastry case with desserts. I plan to come back to shop. They  have the best prices that I've seen on neem toothpastes.
2	food is very unpredictable, quality is never consistent, Indian packed products in grocery section are way more expensive than what you get at other stores. definitely not one of the good place to eat or shop
4	The lunch buffet is a good value at $7.99.  There was a standard selection of typical dishes, from tasty samosas to tandoori chicken and chicken tikka.  I appreciated that some of the dishes had a little kick and weren't dumbed-down to cater toward an uncultured American palate.  The buffet also came with some very plain but fresh and warm naan.The service was average and the decor is very basic.  A small Indian grocery store is also located within the building.
4	Indian comfort food and grocery.  Dinner (in the restaurant section of this building) is served traditionally with several other dishes to on your tray to balance the palate.  Everything is made fresh right as you order it...the vegetables chopped, the dishes spiced.  Cheap price for so much food including dessert!  Soooo delicious!!  Long vegetarian menu. Two TVs in the place play Bollywood movies and videos.  Funzies!
5	Last night was our first time at New India. I came in with four other friends. One of us is gluten-intolerant, and the rest are vegetarians. This is a WONDERLAND for anyone with vegetarian tendencies, though they also have a meat menu for the carnivores.I had the palak paneer. The dinner ($12) comes with rice, curried vegetables, salad, raiti (yogurt), naan and a pickled side and a dessert. It's enough to have 2-3x leftovers. The food is delicious. If you love Indian food, but only can afford the buffet during lunch at most places... you'll love it here. It's affordable, genuine, and ridiculously good. I'm coming back!
4	Went for the buffet. Great meat and veg choices. The staff was very friendly and attentive.  I will be back.
5	Lunch buffet is so good!  And the staff really couldn't be nicer.My husband and I have been twice, once for take-out and once for lunch.  The friendly man at the counter took the time to explain the difference between northern and southern indian cuisine to us, which was very helpful.  Everything we have had has tasted great, but I especially love their samosas, which are also included in the lunch buffet.  We are happy to make this our new indian food spot!
2	Lunch buffet is medicore at best, def. better food to be had elsewhere.  I usually only go there for the chaat.  However, today we were informed that the restaurant wasn't taking any chaat orders as the kitchen was too busy, all after the waitress had already taken our order.  Meanwhile, one or two other customers were given chaat orders to-go, I'm guessing they called ahead of time.
5	I visit this place 3 weeks ago and it was, Excellent! food was very good clean and fresh.First time eating this type of food. I really enjoy :)
4	Was here for a buffet, using my Groupon and I got excellent food! They let me use the Groupon for their delicious lunch buffet that offered both vegetarian and non-vegetarian choices.  The garlic nan is huge and so good I had to buy extra to take home. The attendant was helpful and friendly.  I will definitely come back, Groupon or no Groupon!
1	Do not go here!  I can't tell you whether the food is good or not because I didn't even get that far. My boyfriend and I love Indian food and we were excited to try a new place.  The grocery store is situated in the front, with the restaurant in the back.  Upon entering,  I noticed the man at the register was CLIPPING HIS FINGERNAILS!!! This obviously made me concerned about the cleanliness of the establishment.  I quietly turned to my boyfriend and asked if he thought it was a good idea to eat there, but he said, "it's okay, let's just try it."  So I continued to the dining area and took a seat.  A lady came and asked if we wanted the buffet,  but we said no, and asked if we could see a menu.  She then looked at us like we were seriously inconveniencing her, and reluctantly went to get a menu, then started talking to the man who was clipping his nails.  At that point, we just got up and left.  DIRTY AND RUDE!
5	I'm an Indian and so when I have Indian food I'm usually very picky. I have to say,all the food here is delicious. Finally found a good spot.
5	Try the samosa...  these are really good!  We got the chicken tikka, and lamb korma meals... both were fantastic.  Definitely a great place that won't disappoint.
4	Great lunch buffet for veggievores. Reasonably priced, and quite delicious. Aloo gobi is a winner.
3	The food was good but the portions were too small.  Also the ambiance could be improved and the place could use a little cleaning.  I might be back in a month or two to see if they've gotten better.
1	The food was good but the terrible way I was treated far overshadows this.I purchased a Groupon for New India Bazaar. I paid $12 for a $24 Groupon as advertised in the headline but it comes as 2 Groupons at $6 for $12.  Unfortunately, it expired and I went to the business to redeem my Groupons at the original amount paid today. I had a horrible experience. At first I was told by the waitress it was expired and no good. I explained Groupon's policy and she claimed to not know what I was talking about. I asked to speak to the manager and I was told to go find him on the other side of the store where he was sitting with his feet propped up (he would not come to me). He said he did not think I could use them for the original price and he did not think his account was active. When I objected, he finally checked and reluctantly and let me use only one of them for the original $6. I was treated very poorly and everyone was quite rude. I have absolutely no desire to go back to the business to make another purchase in order to redeem the other $6 I have already paid!  I was not even asking to get the discount, just to get the money back I already spent!  Needless to say, I am not going back.
1	Well this was an odd experience. My girlfriend and I have been wanting to try this place for a while. We finally made it there for a Friday dinner. Upon entering, the man made a gesture towards the restaurant. We walked in but must have still looked confused because he told us to sit wherever we'd like. I was pretty excited. It smelled great and we were both very hungry. We took a seat and waited for the service. It never came. After about ten minutes, I walked to the front and grabbed two to-go menus. There was a lady behind the counter but she never acknowledged us. We figured the to-go menu was pretty similar to the real menu so we took 5 or 10 minutes looking it over and deciding what we would like. Still, no one had acknowledged us at our table. After a while another couple had walked in, been given a menu and waters. My girlfriend suggested we leave but I wanted to wait around. I was more curious than anything. The one waitress took other orders, refilled drinks, brought out food, but we just sat there. Completely ignored. The waitress never came and my hunger got the better of my patience. After about a half hour, we left. I tried to make eye contact with any employee but they all looked away. We left the restaurant laughing at the weirdest dining event we have had in a while. I guess we won't be going back?
1	You've gotta be fucking kidding me?! Who's been reviewing this place? Weird, weird, weird. Our waitress (Gollum) who I found with her fingers in her mouth had less charisma than the dirty cutlery on our table. It's hard to enjoy food once you've seen that but the place was also completely empty, void of an atmosphere and the food which was served on some sort of jailhouse metal food tray was of a piss poor standard. I found a hair on my plate too which I can only assume came from Gollums beard.If I could give this place no stars I would. The only redeeming feature was the parking space right in front of the exit which will help when you want to get the hell home to take a bath. Don't eat here unless you truly hate yourself.
3	The food was pretty good! Chicken tikka & naan are my favorite things in the world :) I paid $27 for an order of garlic naan, regular naan, butter chicken, & chicken tikka with a soda. Lunch buffet is only about $8 so I suggest going around that time. Service was decent but only because the food came pretty quickly. We were not greeted, at the end the server said was it okay, after we paid we got no have a good night even after I told her to enjoy her weekend! Lol whatever the food was good, but I hope to find a better Indian restaurant in the Phoenix area because of the service.
2	This afternoon we were in central Phoenix and thought of having some quick Indian snacks. Found this place nearby n here goes our experience..We walked in and saw colorful clothes n accessories as if walking to an Indian street shop. We went to seating area.. were greeted n given the menus. Decent so far. I ordered chaat papdi and my husband ordered chole bhature. Papdi chaat came in a boat shaped plate which was inconvenient to mix in things. Chaat was sort of bland if jugded by Indian standards.  Chole bhature was just ok. Bhature was too thick.  Half way down my chaat, I saw a HAIR in the dish. I was disgusted and showed it to the waitress who was initially reluctant to even acknowledge my claim. Then came another guy and immediately took away the dish and offered another one.  But I was pretty full (eating bhature from my husband's plate :) ) so I refused.  Later the waitress also came around and asked if she could get me something else. I politely declined...Later when we went to pay the bill, the waitress and the guy were confused on how to nullify the order for the chaat. So my husband offered to pay for it since I had eaten half of the dish. After a moment of hesitation, they AGREED TO ACCEPT THE MONEY FOR THE DISH THAT WAS RETURNED.We paid... looked around the grocery section and bought a couple of things. And we headed to the door, when I hear the waitress calling for me. She gave me a brown bag and apologized for the chaat.  I relcutantly accepted it. Later I found it was couple of samosas with sweet and spicy chutneys :)I was going to give 1 star....  but for this kind gesture by the waitress later... here goes 2 stars...  Btw, our neighbors had thalis which looked interesting...
2	Let me first say that I have no problem with the food here. The food is great. Absolutely delicious. That said, it takes some pretty dang atrocious service to get me to give a restaurant that delicious only two stars.My boyfriend is lactose intolerant. The first time we went here, we had no issues with that. The second time we went, he ordered something that didn't say it included dairy on the menu, and it came covered in yogurt sauce. Fair enough, we should have asked. When we brought it up with the waitress that he couldn't eat this, the first thing she said was "You still have to pay for it."We decided to try it again because it was so tasty. This time, before we ordered, we asked which menu items were dairy-free. The same waitress, this sullen older lady who clearly doesn't want to be there, just said, "I have no idea." And stood there. We had to bludgeon her into getting the chef to come out and talk to us about dairy content because she had no interest in knowing or finding out. Classy. At least the chef was friendly enough. Like I said, the food was great, but I'm not going to keep going to a restaurant where the staff treats us like crap.
1	Irritated.  Despite what both Yelp and their website state, the restaurant is not open between the hours of 3 & 5 p.m..
4	I really enjoy this place. With a new addition to my family, my wife and I are looking for less formal and less expensive places to eat. We started eating here because the Phoenix Community Acupuncture was across the parking lot. We really feel as if we've found a gem in our part of town. Informal, connected to a store and there are places where Baliwood videos could be turned down...but well worth it. We have gone for the buffet each time we have gone. The price is very reasonable and they don't mind that our one year old picks off of our plates. Everything is good, but the Tika Masala was very tender and delicious.
4	For the price, the best Indian place in the central Phoenix area. I prefer to order off the menu but the buffet offers some unique options. And don't let the comments about the surly waitress dissuade you. I have seen her smile - you just have to become a regular to get on her good side. :-)
4	Small, well stocked Indian grocery store with a good lunch buffet.Pros:+Fresh naan that's brought to you as you're ready for it+ Food isn't too spicy for those with sensitive stomachs and/or new to Indian food+ Veggie samosas and mint chutney yum+ Chai available in the buffet lineCons:- Gulab jamun too dense and not served warm- Restaurant isn't oozing with ambianceAll in all, quite nice, quite good.
3	The stars because for me overall everything was average. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't a place that made me think, "I've got to go back!" Decent food, okay service, and just and overall eh experience.
4	Love the buffet.  I'm a lover of their butter chicken.  Took my coworkers here and they are from India.  Their response was-  ok food reasonably priced.  I go for the butter chicken.  They could make the buffet filled with food because they seem to run out of food really quick here.  Love their Indian market...
1	Food seemed okay, service okay, my wife likes the Indian movie selection - but can't recommend a restaurant with a known insect problem.
1	I would give it no stars if it was an option. Saw a roach on the wall and the guy at the register said "better on the wall". Food was ok, butter chicken so so.
5	Great spot with great food.  Very friendly and attentive staff.  We'll be coming back.
4	Indian buffet for $7.99...How can you go wrong?This small restaurant is tucked away in a well stocked Indian market on 7th Ave, south of Virginia Avenue.  The buffet is small, and the food is well prepared and tasty.   Most of the main dishes have been the same the few times we have been here, but on the other hand, you can count on your favorites being there next time you go, and being sure that you can get your fix.The Chicken Tikka Marsala is my favorite, along with the vegetable pakoras, and of course, the freshly cooked naan brought to your table.  I have never been a fan of samosas, however my vegetarian friend tells me they are the best around. My only complaint would be that the gulab jamun are not served warm.If you are looking for a classy Indian restaurant to bring a date, this is not it.  It is simple place with the most basic of tables and decor.If you are looking for a good Indian food at a very good price, then you need to try this hideaway.
4	This will be my go-to place for Indian in central Phoenix. I am pleasantly delighted with the flavors and textures- the chicken in the butter chicken is tender and the samosa's outer shell is firm yet flaky to hold the mildly spiced vegetables, namely potatoes and peas. I have identified that one of my guilty pleasures in the carb family is garlic naan. Man, it's good here. The dining room is bright and colorful- it backs up to the classy Bandaids club. I suppose it adds to the "exotic ness" of the experience. All in all, I would love to come back and try ordering off the menu. The buffet is $8.99 on weekends and I got to try lots of wonderful things.
2	For me, the food was way too spicy, but I managed to eat a huge dinner here anyway.  I am the only one at my table that must have felt that way--altho I said nothing to anyone--but, then again, maybe several others did, also, and just were to polite to complain.  Who knows?  The food appears clean, however, at the end of the meal a lone roach was walking thru the place on the floor.  Do I need to say more about New India Bazaar?  Think not.Will I go back?  Are you kidding?  No.  Just don't feel like sharing my meal with the cockroaches.  Disgusting!  Thank heaven I saw it at the end of the meal and not when I walked in.Say "hi" to the resident cockroach for me when you get there.......sigh.
4	The buffet is delicious! Hard to find Indian food such as this around phx. The service is a little funky but it's a store and a restaurant, I think if I were Indian I would have probably had better service
5	Buffet is the best. We used to order out for dinner all the time, but now we enjoy the buffet so much we almost only go for lunch.Try the bakery items in the little store. Ask someone who looks like they know what they are talking about to explain what they all are. I like the little cashew diamonds!We have even purchased the music videos from here after being so entertained during dinner and lunch!
5	My husband and I just had lunch at this yummy buffet.  We have been  To at least eight different Indian buffets over the years, including two in Europe, and this is the best by far.  The butter chicken literally melts in your mouth.  Everything was tasty and the price was almost too little for this great food.  We will go back!
5	Good variety, and very high quality food. I come by for the all-you-can-eat buffet just about every weekend and I am in love with the Chicken Tikki Masala. Good selection of imported ingredients from India in the store next to the restaurant shows that these people know their stuff!
4	I've been going to this place since it was a handful of tables inside the grocery store. For a while, I was there almost weekly. Not only is their thali dinner the best value for Indian food in Phoenix, but I have received the warmest service most of the time. I moved out of Phoenix last year and had not been back in quite a while, but when I returned I was still recognized. When the server discovered my friend had never tried Indian, she insisted on bringing a variety of food for her to try so that she would know what she liked. Try the butter chicken - it's the best!
4	Have been here a couple of times. The food is great and so is the service. Love this place.
5	What a great deal on great food. Of course, this 5 star rating is for a $7.99 buffet; I'm sure fancier restaurants would have better food. But the value is excellent and the staff are courteous and solicitous. I especially liked the tiki Marsala, yum yum. We are definitely adding this restaurant to our rotation!
5	We only went to the grocery store. We have never tried Indian food and were not brave enough to try it since we have no clue what anything is. The man at the shop was really nice and even let us try some candy before buying it. Out of the 6 items we bought we only did not like one and that was because it was too spicy and it was pre- packaged   Not hot spicy, just spicy from so many spices. He gave us a menu to for the food, maybe we will come back for the lunch buffet that way we can taste the different dishes they have to offer.
2	Food is average, service is poor. We ordered thalis and the quantity was too much for a single person.
5	Really authentic Indian food! The food was great, and for the first time in my life the waitress gave us a few extra dollars that we left for a tip because it was 'too much.' Will be going back soon!
5	This is the best Indian restaurant in Phoenix, be it Buffet or a la-carte. (I'm a veggie)I have never ever been to any Indian Restaurant and came out so full. Have been to several la-crate in evening and tried lunch buffet today. Every dish was awsome tasty, including Samosa, Gulab jamun, mango custard, Raita, Kheer, DIY Papdi chaat.Usually an Indian restaurant has few star dishes and few OK dishes, but here we tasted every dish and liked it. Surprisingly it is priced lower than other restarunt, may be due to not-so-great ambiance.They prepare fresh Jalebi every evening, but I have enjoyed great taste even after a week in home fridge (Just microwave it for 10-12 seconds). There are several Indian sweets on sale too.Service is a bit slow (or careless) so remind to refill your breads (freshly cooked). You get wheat naan here as part of buffet (a rare feat). You cna't go wrong with this place. Weekend Buffet 8.99 & Kid buffet is $4.99. Looks like week day buffets is cheaper. I'll be coming here again and again.
