5	I decided to give megabus a try to give myself a break from having to drive back and forth visiting my family.  I have got to say, this bus can provide so much.  There is included wifi on the bus and A/C plugs for laptops.  I think it's very useful for folks that have work to do.  Ride does tend to go faster than expected.  I got to LA 40mins before the expected arrive time.  Prices do flex depending on when you decide to purchase your ticket.  Overrall, I see myself using this service much much more now.Side note, passengers are allowed one carry on and one stow away.  There are RTC buses that commute to the terminal and can provide rides to the strip and the airport.
5	Mega Bus was on-time, quiet, easy ride and yes it only cost $1 each way with .50 surcharge.  I took Mega bus from Los Angeles to Las Vegas I will be doing this again.
5	Totally sold on the Megabus experience!  As a native Angeleno now ensconced in the 'burbs of Las Vegas - I need to get back home every once in a while. With gas prices terribly high and my car nearly 10 years old - the new Megabus service seemed like the way to go.  I booked about 3 weeks in advance and got round-trip tickets for 14.00 plus a .50 service charge. UNBELIEVABLE!A friend had told me to show up early if I wanted a good seat - so I got to the Terminal about 45 minutes early.  This placed me about 3rd in line.  It was a little confusing to figure out which bus bay the Megabus left from (it's Bay 9 BTW) - until some of the more rough-looking denizens that hang out at the station were nice enough to tell me where to go.The bus was new and clean - the seats comfy enough for a 5-hour ride.  I couldn't connect to the WiFi for some reason - but appreciated the A/C plug for my cell phone. There are eight seats on the lower level that face two tables - those are the choice seats in my opinion! The trip was non-stop (expect for a quick drop-off in Riverside) and we even got into Union Station a half-hour early!  Great job Megabus!  Looks like I'll be able to go home more often!
1	I wish I could review the Megabus, but we did not get what we paid for.. We where to catch the 3:45pm out of Las Vegas to Los Angeles, there was a line for the 3:15pm out of Los Angeles as well.. so we stood behind those people.. the Megabus which looked awesome quickly filled up and they even took some people from our 3:45 to get on the 3:15pm.. Okay they left.. I got excited since we had planned where to sit and I could recharge my laptop and use the wifi... well here's it went to caca.. We didn't get a Megabus.. we got a simple plain boring bus, with no working air, no working lights, no toilet paper, no wifi, no movie, no plugs.. NOTHING!!!! I paid for the Megabus experience and I did  not get that....but I'm sure I will have another opportunity since my mother is making sure we get what we paid for and getting either a refund back or tickets for a future time. The one thing I will say about the bus ride, was that it was safe, smooth and we got home 30 minutes ahead of schedule.. but when all you can do is sleep on the bus, it tends to go by fast.
5	DON'T MISS YOUR BUS. For the sweet love of all that is delicious and good, do not miss your bus. Be there at least 15 minutes early so that if you're late, you're still on time! I missed the bus for a Vegas to LA by 5 minutes and bam, it was long gone. This meant trying to transfer my paid reservation ($5 charge, credit card only and their machine was down) and then waiting on stand by while the next bus 4 hours later was filled with customers. If it's full, you won't get on! As for the ride itself, it was like being in a clean charter bus. The chairs were a little tight but comfortable, each seat had an AC outlet that worked like a charm. The AC was good and didn't make the ride feel stuffy. I thought it was cute that the roof was see through- you can probably have a nice storm watch if it were raining. Wifi was super slow but working. Your luggage is loaded underneath the bus and tagged if there's two stops (riverside & LA, for example) but if you bring something small, you can try to fit it under your chair. I had a duffel that I kept with me and was thankful I didn't have to wait for them to unload my bag. The ride was almost 4.5 hours from Vegas to Riverside (downtown metrolink station) with no stops. Still cheaper than flying or driving on my own, so I would seriously consider taking this for future trips! Go megabus!
4	Megabus you have earned my respect.... This second time around leaving out of Las Vegas I actually got to ride the Megabus and was very pleased with the ride aside a couple bothersome things. Even thou we where an hour early for the 7pm departure there where about 15 people ahead of us this time around. We still manage to get the seating I had wanted to for the ride home which was the lower deck of the bus with the table that seats four, it's more comfortable because you can stretch out your legs and you have the table for your drinks, phones-that are plugged into the outlets in the middle of your seats, it's closer to the restroom and usually on the way back scene is last on your mind and sleep is. It seemed like it was going to be a great ride ......................Until & I'm sorry but till 2 men got on and sat across from us, basically scaring the crap out of the very much proper Korean couple that shared their 4 area seating with table. Since this is not a flight, they don't check your luggage or are you checked so I was shocked when I saw them start to do drugs right there on the table.. at that point I made my  nephew switch with me and gave my boyfriend that ( if $hit goes down, you got my back look)  2 hours into the trip and obviously the drugs kicked in one of them decided to pull out his 3 inch knife to cut off the label on his water bottle..to my surprise they where very polite when they asked me for the time and kept to themselves.Before I knew it we where back in Union Station.. got our luggage, took the elevator to our car we left in the parking lot and to my surprise only had to pay $12.00 for 3 days.
5	For the past few months, I have taken and enjoyed the MegaBus rides out of the South Strip Transfer Terminal in Las Vegas.- I have been most impressed with the comfortable rides at low prices, and I especially appreciate the customer service for boarding and luggage handling at this station in Vegas!The MegaBus EXPERIENCE- I like the comfortable ride in MegaBus. I have tried both the lower and upper decks, and prefer the openness on the upper deck. The seats are comfortable, and there are electrical outlets by each row of seats. The bus is quite clean. The drivers are friendly and pleasant. One driver in particular, Mr. Bernie, is very humorous. He cheers up passengers at departure. He makes sure everyone on board has heard and understood the safety rules, in a very humorous, pleasant, but determined manner, before he would start getting on the highway!The rides are smooth, fast, and pleasant. The boarding, deboarding and luggage-handling are super efficient. The price? It's generally much cheaper than other bus companies. Advanced reservations for rides on weekdays are most economical. Fares vary from $3-$24 for LA/VEGAS; $18-$36 for LA/SF. NOTES TO MANAGEMENT- The only two small complaints are: (1) airconditioning, which is set too cold, especially for passengers on AISLE seats, where the overhead vents have NO CONTROL LEVERS. Seasoned passenges would bring a light sweater of sorts onboard. (2) Its WiFi onboard is slow and unstable, IF EVER CONNECTED - Practically useless!EXCELLENT BOARDING SERVICESAt the South Strip Transfer Terminal, the lady boarding agent (Ann?) was very friendly and helpful; cheerfully checking in passengers and keeping the boarding line in good order. She is especially helpful to passengers who need special assistance due to physical disabilities. Prior to the bus arrival, she'd let them take a seat on the nearby benches, and later personally escort them for priority boarding, making sure they board safely and get seated. When appreciative passengers thank her, she cheerfully replies, "You are welcome! Enjoy your ride on MegaBus!" The luggage handler is also very pleasant, efficient and well organized. Larger luggages are checked in as in airlines. Those two agents make the check-in and boarding a smooth process. Ann makes passengers feel comfortable and welcome. The service at the LA Union Station is also excellent, but Ann at the South Strip Terminal is exemplary! In summary, I enjoy taking the MegaBus rides. I also want to point out how good the boarding service at the South Strip Terminal is. - Boarding agent Ann should be commended for her exemplary service!Peter, June 2013
3	I had to take a last-minute ride back on Megabus from Vegas to LA last week. Word of advice? Book at least 50 minutes before your trip departs... as my decision was last minute, in the process of paying for the 12:30 AM trip, it disappeared from the website! PROs:+ This is the only overnight bus service offered... the other bus options all left after 7 AM. Megabus is the only one that arrives in LA in the morning.+ Professional employees, routine boarding process+ Timely departures and arrivals+ On-board outlets are very usefulCONs:- My terminal number was not listed ANYWHERE during the purchase process, and if I had not googled, I would have missed my bus as it was all the way down and around the corner from the initial entrance- It was pretty loud on the bus. People were talking, playing music out loud... and this was around 3 AM. Definitely made it hard to sleep.- I purchased the 7:45 AM bus trip and went to the 12:30 AM departure time anyway for standby. I was told it was full, but when I complained that there was online availability, I just purchased too last minute, I was let on the bus. Kind of shady? Maybe. - Inconvenient location. My taxi ride costs more than the bus ticket. Other buses pick up at 3-4 different hotels along the strip.- Inefficient route: if it weren't for the fact I wanted to get back before 10 AM, I would have chosen one of the other bus providers. The Megabus ride took 5.25 hours, while others only take 4 to 4.5 hours. - A/C on upper deck was not high enough. Too many bodies, a little sweaty :l- Wifi doesn't really work. I've tried. Several times.TIPs:* I had to google to find the exact address of the South Strip Transfer Terminal that Megabus leaves from. They should provide it during check-out or confirmation of your trip! It's 6675 S. Gilespie St. * A taxi from the north end of the strip to the terminal costs ~$25-$30.
3	I rode Megabus from LA to Las Vegas as part of a road trip. The ride itself was fine. We were traveling during a 120 degree heatwave and nothing went wrong: the air conditioning was a godsend. But the drop-off location - outside of Vegas proper - is highly inconvenient, and necessitates purchasing a $5 bus pass to travel into the city. I can't help but wonder if Megabus and the local transit authority struck a deal when deciding where to place the station.
4	First time riding from Riverside to  Vegas and luv it. Positives - Clean bus, on time arrival and departure, I didn't have to drive!!  Good price. Didn't use the restroom but I don't stop when I drive to Vegas so no biggie.  Yep the wireless network is useless and upstairs gets a bit cold but take a jacket or blanket and you'll be fine.  This is my new mode of travel to Vegas!!
2	They don't provide parking at the bus station.  This is something they don't tell you until after you buy your non-refundable ticket  and they put it in the fine print at the bottom of the page so you are sure to miss it.Also my return bus was an hour late.  The internet doesn't work.Two stars because its cheep and you really shouldn't expect much.
4	Megabus is always an enjoyable and smooth ride. I just recently moved to Vegas from CA, and whenever I want to take a trip home for the weekend I ALWAYS ride with them. The prices are more than affordable and purchasing your ticket is easy. What is that thing called gas money again? I forgot! Lol. The only thing is you can't cancel your ride in under 24 hours. You won't get your money back! So I'd think wisely before approving your ticket. They offer you free wifi and power outlets to make your ride more enjoyable. (This I just found out) I wish I knew this before. My phone died & So did I... Lol. This bus caters more towards people who are just trying to get from one place to the next. So I wouldn't recommend using this bus as a moving tool. They only let you bring on one luggage and a carry on. I tried bringing 3 bags and it didn't work out so well! Lol. Luckily, I took an overnight trip 1AM-5AM & was able to bring more things on due to more space.. Since there weren't that many people riding.The bus also doesn't stop so you get there in a flash! You are also allowed to eat on the bus, so I recommend stocking up on goodies before boarding. They do need to In force a no snoring policy because it's just not fun when the man behind you is snoring all up in your ear. Please don't forget your headphones..  Lol. Safe travels!
5	Rather than driving to california yourself, taking the megabus is a bargain! Seriously $40 trip to a $25 trip is a no brainer.I usually get a price $12 to $25 a trip within a week of booking. But if you book something in the next three months then it is possible for the $1 ticket. The place isn't too hard to miss, but it is easy to mistake it for the mccarran car rental. Just look for the buses pulling in and it's not that hard to miss. The bus itself is really clean, BUT BEWARE BRING A JACKET! IT GETS SUPER COLD. They have outlets and wifi both of which I had no problems with. Wifi is surprisingly fast. The bus operators I've were all great people too; cracking jokes in the beginning and end of the bus stop. Pro tip: Arrive early as the bus leaves promptly. Dress like its winter.
5	Took the mega bus from riverside to Las Vegas and pleasantly surprise on how nice it was. Being this was my first time on the bus I had no complaints.  Can't beat one way less then $30. I can't get there in my car for that, plus some days are priced less! Will definitely take again!
3	Writing a review on the bus. Here is the deal. 1.) The taxi guys don't know where this bus depot is. I have no Idea why, so have the address ready. 6575 Gilespie St. Then head over and wait at Bay #9. Arrive 30-45 min early. No more than that. You'll be fine. Trust me. 2.) There is NO place to leave your car. Local tip, leave it at Mandalay Bay and take a $10 taxi ride if you have no one to drop you off. (Not recommended. Just what some locals do.)3.) You're not on Virgin America. Don't expect the employees to greet you with enthusiasm and joy. In fact, today our greeter had quite the attitude while yelling out directions. But because it wasn't directed at me personally (I feel bad for other riders) I'm just going to say i've had those "F@ck this job." moments too. 4.) The wifi is free. If you can use it. They say no video streaming. It's more like a "No-video-no-instagram-no-facebook-no-social-media-of-any-kind-but-you-can-send-an-email-in-5-minutes-if-you'd-like" kind of wifi. Remember dial-up? Haha, yeah... 5.) The ride itself? Not bad. While waiting in line I thought to myself "Phew. Riding with a bunch of characters today, ok!" But as it turns out, my neighboring riders are hilarious to talk to. We DO have one thing in common anyway... We aren't trying to spend money on travel. 6.) I'm sitting on the 2nd floor, window seat. The temp level is comfy. I can see how you could get cold if you sat in the aisle because of the vents, but it's not ridiculous. Just bring a sweater or a light blanket. The top and front of the bus has glass panels, so it's nice to be able to see everything! So all-in-all, I give this experience a 3 star review. (Mainly because of the execution of loading.) Had the employees been nice, the wifi been on point, and the loading been organized, I would have been pretty impressed and given this 5 stars. Let's hope arriving will be a painless procedure.
2	Yep. Back down to a 2. Overall unorganized boarding, rude employees, and late take offs. Today our departure time was 5:45 pm, it's now 6:07 and we are still loading bags and people. Lame.To top it off, this ride did NOT feel safe at all. We had to pull over once, because of two passengers who had an argument. (Granted that is not the company's fault.) After that it though, it felt like this bus driver was on her first day. Heavy on the brakes and you could feel the bus swerving within the lane. I'm giving it a 2 out of courtesy since my first trip was tolerable. If this particular ride was my first experience, HELL NO I would not return. So if you want to save money that's fine, just know you'll be rolling the dice with this company.
1	When the driver yells at a passenger, eggs him on to FIGHT him, then says on the intercom "Sorry for the delay, I can't drive because I am emotionally distressed!! Some guy tried to beat my ass!!" That's when you know this is not the type of bus you should be on. Gave this company one more shot, and they lost me as a rider completely. I totally felt unsafe because of this crazy driver and was hoping he wasn't suicidal and wouldn't run us off the road. NEVER again. Every time I hear people talk about Megabus, I be sure to let them know it isn't all sunshine and rainbows. 2 out of 3 rides I felt unsafe, and felt that this company was NOT reliable. Those of you who are interested, I have videos.
2	Edit: I lowered my rating from 3 stars to 2 after the bus ride from hell on Wednesday the 21st. You guys need to fire whatever bus driver was working the 7pm bus from Vegas to LA. This guy was driving sooooo fast, that every time he hit any type of dip on the freeway, it would cause the entire bus to lurch up and practically send the passengers flying up if their seats! He was weaving in and out of traffic and coming up behind cars and trucks so fast that I thought he would run into them. We were over an hour early due to his erratic driving. I mean, I like being early. But I don't enjoy being fearful and unsafe the entire ride!!I take megabus to Vegas once a month. Only because it was about half the price of a ticket I could find on spirit airlines. First time I took it, it was $26! Not bad. Since then, it's risen (in 3 months) to about $60. Which is the price of a cheap spirit airlines ticket. Looks like airlines are the way to go! I guess it wouldn't be so bad if the employees were nicer and there wasn't threats of fights happening by customers almost every trip. Mostly customers wanting to fight employees cause the employees at so rude!! They are a little bit nicer in LA. But when I leave Vegas it's almost a sh** show ever time. There's one lady who is always muttering insults under her breath about the customers, throwing the luggage around, arguing with customers and doesn't smile once. It's so obvious she hates her job. Get another job lady if your unhappy!! The others are decent or ok, one actually smiled and was polite to me today haha.  All in all, it's not so bad. I almost always get 2 seats to myself. Good for sleeping. And very convenient. I would gladly raise my rating of the employees were nicer and treated my stuff with respect and didn't huff and puff when I ask them anything. Good luck megabus!!
4	After taking Greyhound from Los Angeles to Las Vegas, I decided to use a different service to return and I AM SO GLAD THAT I DID. Boarding was organized and almost as smooth as it could get! The bus was clean and moderately comfortable, it was basically just a good trip back home. This is now the travel bus for me until it becomes like what Greyhound is now, if ever.
1	Don't bother to ride on this bus, it's the most trashy ever and extremely cold, uncomfortable, driver is was a crazy driving, one day this bus will crash, customer services is liars and will try to get you for extra fees, bad experience mess up my while Vegas trip.
1	Wish I could give ZERO stars...I spend the weekend in Vegas. I decide that I am going to extend my trip just a few more hours, so I buy a one way from Vegas back home to LA. The time that it was scheduled to leave was 1230am. Granted I was cutting it close, BUT, I was 5 minutes early. I arrive at 12:25 and the bus is gone. I was not the only one. There were also 5 other people (not in my party) who had missed the bus too. When we checked the status online, the website said that the bus was running late, and would depart at 1250am (20 minutes late) but in reality, it left 20 MINUTES EARLY! I personally didn't hear him, but my friend who was with me said that he heard the employee admit to the bus leaving early...ridiculous!I had to spend $170 to rent a car to drive back home - to make it to work on time th next morning, as the next bus (which i would have had to pay a transfer fee) didn't leave until 7am the next morning. Such a waste of money! How can the bus leave without all the passengers. If we were all late, thats one thing...but we weren't. Total waste of $63. I will NEVER take MegaBus again and strongly suggest that if you want to be on time, you don't either.Update: I called to inquire whether or not I was able to get a refund. The representative was very polite, however
5	Cheap, fast, and convenient. The Megabus is my choice for transportation between Vegas and LA. They're also always on time if not 30 minutes early. The buses are clean and they have power outlets. The wifi is spotty but I have unlimited data on my phone so this doesn't bother me. I've had good experiences in the dozen times I've rode the Megabus and it's WAY cheaper than driving yourself. Gas alone for a round trip is $100. Just be aware there's your share of ghetto passengers in every trip but that's not the company's fault and it's never an issue during the trip. You can edit your itinerary too for $3 which was so awesome because no other bus company allows changes to ticket dates like that. Recommended!
1	Forgot to write a review for this "business". My boyfriend frequently uses Megabus to come to Vegas from LA. He wanted to see our dog and I, so I decided to give it a try. First, I get in line and people are smoking joints. Then, they put some of our luggage in one bus and make some of us get on a different bus because there were too many people to all fit on just one bus. Neither of these buses were MEGABUSES. My dad tried to get my luggage from the other bus to put on the one I was actually riding on, but they told him we were stopping in Barstow and they would transfer luggage. SO, my THERAPY dog and I get on the bus, only to have people look at me and treat me like a spoiled white girl who can't go anywhere without her dog. It was incredibly disrespectful, and I wanted to jump off the bus. Their seats were so uncomfortable, the toilet overflowed on my pants, and there was a lady behind me sharing her life story the whole 5 hours. We get to Barstow, and the manager comes on our bus and says that he doesn't know if we'll be transferring or not, but to go to the gas station and he'll let us know. So I grab my dog and go use the restroom and I see suitcases coming off the buses. So I just figured the drivers and nice people were helping get the suitcases off the bus. WELL, we DON'T transfer buses and I'm on the bus that goes straight to LA instead of to Riverside. Apparently, we were supposed to grab our luggage and put it on the right bus. NO ONE EVER ANNOUNCED THIS. EVER. So I get off the bus and have a panic attack because I can't find my luggage. Obviously someone thought it was theirs and put it SOMEWHERE. So I get a bunch of crap from the manager and bus drivers because I didn't grab my bag and didn't know what my bag looked like. Sorry! When you have a panic attack, you can't think straight. I cried the whole rest of the trip. When we got to LA, I waited for the other bus from Riverside, praying that no one took my luggage thinking it was theirs. And there were more people waiting with me that didn't know we had to get our luggage. Needless to say, I will NEVER use Megabus ever again. They're not respectful towards people with emotional distress, and they are the most unorganized and uncommunicative company I've ever seen in my entire life.
1	Not even worth a review.. will not spend any energy on corporate scum that steals from the poor.. Spirit Airlines of the bus industry mixed with soul plane.  WASTE OF $39 BUCKS! If theres ever a class action lawsuit I'm in.
1	So I finally received a response from MegaBus. Unfortunately, it was just an automated e-mail that said that megabus will not refund customers who miss their bus. First off, I wasn't the only one! This is horrible customer service! If i was the only one, maybe, but there were other parties that missed it too! Secondly, the bus left early! Say for argument sake I WAS late, even had I been early, I STILL wouldve missed the bus! Never again will I use MegaBus.
1	I bought my daughter a ticket to ride the bus July 21 at 12:30am from Las Vegas NV.On this day the bus had some mechanical problems so the trip was going to be delayed. At around 1am the Mega Bus employee made an announcement that the bus was not leaving till 3:am so he took the boarding pass from my daughters hand who is disabled and said sorry folks! I asked him what do you suggest he said come back at 3am or call customer service. So we came back at 3am and nobody was at the stop. So I called in the morning and dispatch informed me that the bus left I want to say around 1:20 not exactly sure. So I called customer service and they stated they would re-issue me a ticket for a $5.00 fee I said this was MEGA BUS fault she missed the bus! Then they said sorry lets get you over to CS at that point I wanted a refund and explained the situation that my daughters grandmother passed away and she missed the funeral. Well the lady said in this case we can give you a refund. Well today I decided not to get a refund and get another ticket and the customer service Rep didn't care what the situation she implied this was my fault and I need to send the obituary even if I just want a new ticket! I told her, but this is not the reason we missed the bus your employee turned her away at boarding! She refused the help me I told her I would file BBB complaint and she said it was nice talking to you bye! I feel mega bus pretty much stole money from me and they are refusing to return it! I didn't realize this was how they did business. FYI- Yesterday evening I went to the bus stop and spoke with the mega bus employee and he remembered clearly and said yea I'm sorry that day was a nightmare. I filed a BBB complaint over a month ago and they are still investigating this.-HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!   I'm going to travel with [BOLT BUS] from now on they offer the same deals $1. & up!!. The stop is at the LINK check it out boltbus.com
3	Paid $31 with tax for a one way ticket from Vegas to LA.Left Vegas at 12:30am exactly and arrived at Union Station at 5:20am. The ride had two different drivers and the first driver from Vegas to Barstow was slow, but the driver from Barstow to Riverside and then on to LA was pretty fast.When you are trying to sleep the seats are not the most comfortable and with all the bumps, usually buses have a smooth ride but this was not smooth at all.I couldn't wait to get off and be home. I tried to sleep but was waking up with all the movement. Riders were from all walks of life, I didn't hear or see anyone getting into fights, we were all tired I guess.Yes the bus has outlets but why on earth would you mount them between the seats? Trying to charge my phone and get comfortable didn't go together, outlet is right at your knees...Wifi was available but it seemed ok, I truly didn't need it since I have a data plan.As for the green light above everyone... Turn them off so people can sleep! Figured they would have a dimmer or placed them in another location.Will I use it again... My last resort.
4	Megabus  is a cheap way to get a direct bus to California. Sometimes I take it to Riverside or to Los Angeles and it gets there just about as fast as driving out in a car. I won't use Greyhound as they stop in several places (and some routes have "lunch stops" for bus routes that came from far away and through Vegas) which make it such a long ride and costs more.Prices usually have been $20ish for one way. It used to be cheaper the last time I used it and now it seems to be steady at $29. Still better than a plane ticket to my moms area which was going to be $150 this trip vs the $59. A plane only saves me about 90 of time as I have to be there early then board even though the ride itself is just 1 hour. I try to nap or get my game on so it's not even a big deal. Both trips I've gone on have been uneventful and fine so I'm happy with that trend continuing. Boring and no problems arising always would be great. Out of my trips only 1 did I need to sit next to someone as the bus was near capacity heading home to Vegas (it was close to a holiday weekend). Often I get the 2 seats to myself so I can stretch out. Out of the 4 buses only 1 did not have power outlets. The WiFi seems to work, but cellphones can have trouble as you have to physically get it to connect to its webpage, but my iPad had no problem with connecting automatically to the webpage. It's not very fast, but it's better than nothing in the desert dead zones. If you didn't pay to reserve a seat, I would try to be there early to select a seat. Of course there are your share of loud and obnoxious people so I generally try to seat far away from them. Also bring music/headphones just in case. I find normally the seats downstairs to have more quiet since they are often the reserved seats (with tables), popular with elderly and fewer seats. I hope that it stays this way as I really don't mind the bus so long as my experiences stay uneventful and the prices don't creep up.
4	Good service & cheap priceJust that green light above - guys turn it off at night.People complain about AC but this time it was warm. I guess it depends.Wi-Fi is very slow don't count on it. I used Bolt bus and Greyhound bus before. Can't say that one of them the best they all almost the same Bolt and Megabus are usually cheaper.
1	Update! I files a complaint with the Federal Motor Carriers Safety Administration and 2 days later they emailed me a receipt for a refund. They didn't bother to call me or email me back with an apology what so ever. But I got my money back, that's all I was asking for. i have missed this bus so many times and I didnt try getting a refund bc its my fault, but this was not my fault that's why I took it this far. ***BUYERS BEWARE***
