4	I am surprised no one has ever reviewed this show.  It is a new car show, with all the showroom cars from most manufactures.  Ferrari, Austin Martin, Lotus, even a Rolls Royce Ghost sat out front of the show.  Once inside you can open doors, check out the interiors of Audi, Mercedes, Chevy, Dodge, Infiniti, Nissan, Ford, Toyota, Fiat, Mini, Scion, Hyundai, Porsche, Range Rover, and so on.  So many manufactures were here showing new stuff and what we can expect if we walked into a dealership.  Great way to compare several car manufactures under one roof.  We sat in a Ford Mustang and sat in a Chevy Camaro and could compare the two within minutes of each other. The most interesting part of the show is the ride inside a Jeep Wrangler or Jeep Grand Cherokee.  30 degrees does not look like much, but once you are riding inside a Jeep sideways and up and down a slope at the show you will be gripping the handles.  The Jeep display allowed everyone to sign up and ride inside the several variations of the Jeep Wrangler.  I noted a Jeep Wrangler Limited, Black Ops version, and the Wrangler Rubicon.  All very capable of going up and down a 30 degree grade and handling a sideways demonstration of 30 degrees as well.  Also note under 12 children need a parent to go with them and must be over 44 inches.Well if you are in the market for a new car and just started to look this might be a great place to start.  It is a good way to get a hands on feel to many new cars out in the market.  If you are just into cars this might be a great place to stop at and check out the industry and what is new.  It was priced $10 for adults and $6 for children.I did also note Sunday is family day.  Bring your children along for free and only pay your admission.  You will have to pay for parking, but I just stick to the garages downtown and get parking validation at one of the many restaurants that surround the area.  Make a day of it, car show and some dinner after. Have fun.
5	I walked off the local light rail with a hope to get a glimpse of my favorite vehicles, such as a Mercedes SLS AMG or a M series BMW (saw and sat in a M5).This show was labeled as the place for civilians to see cars arriving in the upcoming year, unlike the common car shows where one would find a line of tricked out classics from the '60s. I purchased my tickets off the link from Motor Trend's website which sent me to Ticketmaster for the transaction.As I approached the building I noticed the various car makes with small coverings outside prepared for eligible drivers to sign up and test drive new cars. My group passed it up since only half of us have a license, and we were all too young to rent a car. On the basement, just before tickets are required, a gorgeous Bentley, the product of superb workmanship fell upon my eyes (these are rare, first time i've been able to see one). A free year voucher subscription was available to attendees for the Motor Trend magazine (sponsor of the show), I passed it up remembering all of my other subscriptions. Crossing the entryway a vast "L" shape room was found, comparable in size to the local COSTCO shopping center. Front and center was Germany's Mercedes- Benz proudly showing off their 2013 models of every series that i could remember, but the SLS. A Mercedes-Benz representative confirmed this as they proudly stated that the SLS Black would be featured in the LA, California Show. This was only disappointing for a few seconds as we spent another half hour in the Mercedes area sitting in and observing the glory of all the models on the floor (personal favorites SL63 and G63, both featuring the BI-TURBO 6.3L V-8 engine). Making our way in a clockwise motion through the vast room, American cars were upon us. Jeep found us with their brilliant 4X4 route. In which one could ride in a Jeep Wrangler Unlimited or a Cherokee on log stumps, 60 degree inclines and a 30 degree side ramp. The line wasn't over 5 minutes, making the ride worth the wait. We were able to ride (must be 18 or accompanied with someone over 18), and the Jeep employed driver provided a positive commentary as well as the disc jockey playing the best mash ups, for the Jeep course. The next few makes consisted of us displaying various scenes for the camera (driving a 4X4 through an apocalypse, etc.) as well as being able to tell the difference and find favorites among car makes and models. For instance, I was able to learn the different feels for all the makes' rough and tough trucks (Nissan Titan, GMC 2500, Ford Raptor, etc.). The floor being filled with automobiles and the lack of time allocation for the show (2 hours) restricted us heavily on the amount of cars we could see, forcing us to choose between makes. The area was not too crowded nor too awkward, some models found more popularity such as the Audi R8 (doors were locked, no one allowed to sit in) and the Chevy Corvette. These were surrounded. As we left (after another long time on the Mercedes floor), a line of supercars were on display with a velvet rope barrier around them. Amongst these were Bentley (same as earlier), Rolls Royce, Maserati, Ferrari, Aston Martin, and Lotus. All were stunning, the lighting magnifying the brilliance of each model.I left having a full belief that this event accurately displayed the upcoming automobiles for popular makes (foreign and domestic) and of all purposes: hybrids, sports cars, trucks, 4X4, supercars, luxury sedans and SUVs, and even a touch of American Muscle. Wonderful event, worth every dollar for admission!
5	Very fGreat auto show! I love it^^
4	A great no sales pressure way to try a few cars on for size. To take a test drive or two. To breath in that new car smell. To come home with a plethora of free tote bags! New models of virtually all major automobile manufacturers are represented. Even though the show is essentially a massive advertisement, attendance is not without cost. Parking is $12 and admission is $10 or $11 per adult. Still, not a bad way to spend an afternoon.
