4	What can I say,  It's another Starbucks.  It does have a lot of seating.
5	Today I met three board members at Starbucks at Cotswold Village.  I'm not a big Starbucks fan and I had never been in this particular Starbucks.  Although I am an avid coffee drinker, I seldom enter a Starbucks, but this one got my attention before I even entered the door.  This is a great meeting place with normal tables and chairs, as well as a variety of seating in a roomy atmosphere, but none of the tall bar room tables - praise Jesus!  I hate those tall tables.  Who came up with that idea anyway - what's the logic?  Oh well, if you want a nice coffee shop to conduct a business meeting outside of your office with plenty of parking, ease of access and egress, and free Wi-Fi - this is the place.  The coffee was exceptional and the wait staff friendly.  I will definitely find a way to hold a meeting here again!
3	I stopped by this Starbucks this morning and it was bumping as always. I've stopped here many atimes in the past but have lost patience quickly with the line and left before getting anything. The line wasn't out the door though so I took that as a sign from a higher power to go in a get some Pike Place drip coffee. Hardly no wait, I soon had coffee in hand and resumed my people watching. All walks of life in this place with minimal misbehaved children running amuck--score! I think it's a bit odd they only have one sugar/milk station tucked all the way in the back and sadly, that had a line since it was so tiny and could only fit two people. Cmon Bucks, we know you're making bookoo bucks, put in an extra station in the front for a more efficient coffee experience! Once coffee is in my hand, I do not like to wait to doctor up my coffee.I now realize this is my fourth or fifth Starbucks review, time to admit I have a problem....
4	Busy, busy, busy! However, baristas are nice, friendly & welcoming. Very efficient & short wait time from order  to beverage.Pretty decent sized layout, although tables & chairs are all filled. They have a small area outside for patio seating.  Great location...you can do plenty of shopping in this shopping area!
4	To be honest, I only came in here to use the wi-fi, but I did order a drink!  This location seems to be super busy (even at 2:30 in the afternoon).   The staff was super personable and it seemed like they knew all their regulars by first name (and memorized their drink orders too).There are lots of places to sit and converse with someone... I plopped myself down on the built-in couch along the wall to get my work done.Not a big fan of the Cotswald parking lot... but at least it has a decent Starbucks location to make up for it.
5	I used to come in here daily because of the free wi fi. I was on the job hunt, and I never ordered any coffee... Yes, I'm a weirdo. I'm one of the rare few who could care less about a coffee. It's not that I don't want to drink it, its that my taste buds absolutely refuse to cooperate. The 5 star rating is for the staff & the location. They were always very nice to me, and sometimes I did get a snack while I was there. It's ALWAYS crowded though, and I know that to be true for any time of the day. I literally spent 8 hours in there at a time during my job search and it was crazy watching the surges of people stream in and out of there. I always heard interesting conversations and met some neat people there too. Great people watching location. :) Parking can be a tad bit crazy, especially if you're coming in for the intended purpose of grabbing a coffee. If I'm ever in the need for a tasty treat or some free wi fi, I don't see any reason I wouldn't go back.
4	This place is like my 2nd favorite Starbucks location.  Its located in a shopping center with Marshalls,Wells Fargo, and etc.  The morning staff are nice and kind and remember your order usually if your a regular.
5	I love going to this location.... It's one of my favorite they always get my drinks right and never forget my order. There all real kind and funny thanks again guys!!
4	This is an out of the way Starbucks for me, but once a year I go to a doctor's office that is nearby.  The restaurant was clean-ish (it seemed to be a busy spot at 3:00 on a Monday), with your typical folks with a long-ago drained cup of whatever with their mobile office set up everywhere.  My green tea lemonade was quickly made, properly mixed and my pumpkin bread was soft and yummy.  Employees were extraordinarily friendly and fast.  The tables could have used a little cleaning love, but the employees were busy getting people moving along, so I am sure they would have gotten to it when slower.  Good job, Starbucks!
4	I moved from Seattle last year and this is the only Starbucks near to my place , they have a outside area to hang out  , they serve fresh lime water on sunny days and i have not seen this good gesture from other Starbucks . I wish they had drive thru as I find this place crowded most of the time , its hard to find a parking spot near by , but that doesn't stop me going there :)
5	Despite the fact that I work nearby, I absolutely love the friendly service and commend them for the rapid delivery of the ordered product. Yes, parking can be limited with having to share with nearby shops, but I promise you that it is worth the walk and the wait in the busy lines. Take both of those as a sign that this place is very much worth the visit!
4	No complaints about this location. The service is fairly quick, the staff is friendly, the location is clean, and they typically get your order right the first time. The only drawback, for me personally, is they don't have a drive thru. Logistically it's impossible the way the location is set up, but it would be a great feature.
