5	Just another greenway ... in the Univerysity Area.  Great for running, walking, walking pets, biking - The Mallard Creek Greenway is a great place to go to stay active.  It's paved for a nice bike ride but also connects to Clark's greenway (also paved) running through University Research Park (this part is gravel so don't bring road bikes on the rougher parts).  For running it's great because you can get a long run in... or a short one and there is a convenient parking lot at the end near some soccer fields.  I see a lot of UNCC students using the greenway for exercise, but I use it since it's really close to work and it keeps me "off the streets" in more ways than one.  Sure there are sidewalks in most areas of charlotte, but you eventually have to cross a street somewhere.  At least the system of greenways keeps you off the roads.  I don't really have to tell you who is going to win that battle... runner or car... it's kind of obvious so why not stay on the greenway away from the cars?  The only limiting factor with greenways are the sunlight and weather.
5	Really the only non-park place you can safely and enjoyably walk or ride a bike in the otherwise dreary car-based wasteland known as University City.  I actually found this greenway randomly when I first moved here and naturally was quite excited to do so.  I still need to ride the rest of it in the NW, but so far it's great!  I only wish it went farther than Kirk Farm Fields (park).
5	By far my favorite Greenway in Charlotte. Be prepared to forget that you are in a city.In a nutshell- Private Path: away from the street--only you, a creek, and a path.- Safe: no streets=no cars (ok once, when crossing David Taylor Dr.).- Shady under a green canopy of trees- Length: It just keeps going...- Quiet: easier to escape and enjoy the beauty  More detailed (cause it deserves it!):I suggest starting right across from UNCC at the Kirk Farms Fields (210 East Mallard Creek Church Road). You can park right there (or a new bridge connects it from campus!). There is also water fountain there.Your journey begins crossing under a roads to follow the paved path of a small creek under the canopy of wonderfully green trees (except for Fall/Winter of course). Once you pass under Tryon, your only companions are a creek, some distant apartments, and--for a short while--the tantalizing smell of the nearby Cook-Out.After 1.5 miles of pavement, crossing David Taylor Dr greets you with a dirt/gravel path throughout the University Research Park. At first there are occasional schools and a dog park, but then you are relatively alone in nature for the next 1.5 miles. At the 3 mile mark, the path becomes paved and you have the choice to cross a foot bridge to continue on the Mallard Creek Greenway or stay straight onto Clark's Greenway. Either way you go, houses start to line the path, but still avoid any surface streets--though I usually turn around here for a good 6 mile run. When I lived close by, I would come here 3-4 times a week. It doesn't get old, in fact, it is fun to watch how the path changes throughout different seasons.
5	Paradise!  You can ride your bicycle 8 miles on paved paths.  Two ways to go - a 5 mile round trip (north) that was in the open but with stretches of forest on either side - and a 3 mile round trip (west) that went through the woods and would be lovely on hot summer days.Saw a salamander and a chickadee with a cankerworm in its beak.  Lots of red cardinals against lush green leaves and plants (it's April).  Awesome.I think Bill James, soft-spoken  rep from district 6, might even agree that this is a good use of taxpayer money.  OK, maybe not.  But at least if there were no perverts (and by Bill's definition, unfortunately, most of us are probably pervs) walking along the paths, I think he'd enjoy himself and bond with nature.  Ok, maybe not.  Bill, who loves ya baby?There was only one stretch on the north path (0.25 miles in) where the creek really smelled.  Other than that, the smell of the honeysuckle was so strong, I almost wiped out several times as I craned my head to follow the scent.  And then there was some older woman with a ripped 6-pack abdomen who was walking right down the middle of the path and she was NOT going to move.  So she almost made me wipe out too.  Watch out for her - she's a force to be reckoned with.
4	Well, I'm no expert on greenways, or public trails for that matter. The existence of random paths throughout certain areas of this fine city were only first introduced to me a couple years ago. Living on campus at UNCC, my first access point used was here, at the intersection of Tryon and Mallard Creek Church. Parking was and has been adequate, and at the time, this was "the start" of the greenway on the SE end. In recent years, however, various alterations have taken place, one of which is the creation of an addtional passage to campus and ultimately connects the shopping center across campus on NC 49. This seems to have now become the south end.Let me just say for those who live an active lifestyle in the area and use these frequently, don't take what you have here for granted. Growning up in New Jersey meant usually having to drive a good ways to a local park with, more than likely, a short, under a mile, loop around the park. It was not much.Now I live on the north end of the university area, and my usual access point now is located in the Wellington community. On bike, I can get in a full 20mi from my house (Davis Lake) to the south end at UNCC. The only complaint with the greenway is the lack of pavement between Mallard Creek Rd and David Taylor. I wish they would pave, at minimum, a walking path alongside the drive. Otherwise, highly recommended.
4	Nice Greenway near UNCC. It is scenic with lush woods and the creek makes your workout more interesting. You can bike, walk or run on this trail. Nice trail.
