4	Location, location location...But this time, the location is the thing I DON'T love!!!  It seems to be mostly true that Scottsdale = "Snotsdale."  Most of the girls I've met laying out or in the gym seem stuck up and wayyyyy to cool hang out with anyone but their "tan, buff" boy toys - gross.  Maybe I was wrong to think that I could make friends in an apartment complex with 400 apartments ... but geeeeez, I'm glad I like my roommates or I'd be one lonely lady!Anyways, back to Crown Court...I think it's nearly impossible to give an apartment a TRUE 5 star rating... there's always going to be the little complaints: loud neighbors, people driving to fast through the parking lots, dirty pools, maintenance not responding fast enough, and old appliances.  Sure, all of these things happened, but in all fairness it has been a really good experience.  I've never seen a bug, the office ladies have actually been really great, and it's across the street from a new park area...  We're getting ready to move out and I think I'm having a slight little tinge of sadness.  It could just be because I sort-of loved blaming my high maintenance on living on Princess Drive.....
1	Do not move here.I repeat, DO NOT MOVE HERE!!!!Leasing office staff is great/nice.  Not so helpful, but nice.Management, unresponsive, uninformed, unhelpful (I am being polite).If you are idiotic enough to be sucked into living here, live on the 2nd floor.  When I have mentioned to the leasing office about the noise, their response has been "just try to make friends with them" or "that is just the way the buildings are constructed."Fireplace units do not have the chimneys cleaned.Dead roach in the kitchen upon move in.Carpet/pad so thin that you quickly and painfully learn to avoid stepping where there are tack strips.  Multiple safety concerns: homeless, attempted break-ins, theft of rent checks, lighting not maintained/replaced, holes in the ground (where there is a water overflow or whatever pipe) has not had a lid on it for months.  Management has been made aware on several occassions -- still not fixed. Oh, and with regard to the burglaries and break-ins.....the management does not inform the tenants.  At all.  Never.  Ever.  So you may never know that your upstairs neighbors had an attempted break in (when you were home).Maintenance appointments not kept -- and they do not typically leave notes when they do enter your apartment (even though they are supposed to).No package service -- website says they will accept packages.And if you ask about the "pre-wired for security" they have no idea what you are talking about.Do not forget the FBR open....I work at Keirland Commons area -- during the FBR my commute was at least 35 minutes....no kidding.Do not rent here.  The apartments have great floor plans, lots of grass, prices are good for the area so it is easy to think you found a great deal.  You did not.  Not worth the price unless you are a homebound deaf individual.Good luck.
1	BLACK MOLD!!!!!!!  I have lived in crown court for a year. My ceiling cave in back in November exposing black mold. I woke up the next day with "burning lings" . Was diagnosed one month later with asthma. I was told it was  clogged/unmaintained roof drain. Then Last week we had rain for three days. It was raining in my spare bedroom. Upon closer inspection the entire window was rotted out. And it was leaking rain throught thefront of the fireplace. At the same time my electrical outlets were shooting sparks and smoking. After I went to the doctors I was ordered by him not to reside in that apartment. They agreed to put me into another apt. I signed the new lease and Went to my new apartment where I discoved more water damage....to the point where there was not drywall behind the ;paint due to extensive, neglected water damage. II became unglued. Then they told me they had my previous apartment tested and it was deemed "safe" by there standards. I was told they would be removing all drywall in and around the window in the second bedroom and in the living and I was be returning to my old sick apartment. These people are crooks and neglegent. The man that lived in my original apartment before me developed asthma also. I believe they have put "bandaids" on all there roofs for the are 24 years old. DO NOT LIVE HERE!!!!!!!! DO NOT LET THEM COMPRIMISE YOUR HEALTH.
1	I recently moved out of here and was charged with some very outlandish charges. The people here are very nice but the corporate ethics are in the trash.  I tried to call the regional manager to discuss the charges that were not taken off after my initial visit to the leasing office.  Mary answered my call and talked to me like I was some uneducated lower class citizen that probably shouldn't be in Scottsdale until I called her out on it then she changed her tune.  If you want to be treated with fairness, equality and in a ethical manner I would not rent from this company (Equity Residential).
1	Horrible management. Stay away from any complex that talks down on you as if you owe them anything. I think this manager is very sour about his life. NEVER smiles and has an attitude problem towards the residents. We lived there before this new management took over and our rent was below what they want to charge now, so maybe that is his problem. The previous was so helpful and friendly, wish they never changed. Our problem is that my mother washed the patio and didn't realize that some of the water dripped down on the neighbors patio, down below. She apologized, but still... It was a perfect opportunity for this new manager to 'cite' us with an official warning. Hmm...Also our bathroom has some mold problems and needs resurfacing, recommend by the property handymen, which are great guys and very professional btw. They keep telling the manager to hire a company to do the resurfacing and after two times of cheap maintenance to our bathtub, it needs resurfacing, again.About a month later we get a letter stating that he does not wish to extend our lease, hence terminating after the lease period. As I went in the office to ask for a reason why, he simply stared me in the eye and with a retaliating tone said, 'I don't need to give you a reason.' So I replied with, why? And what is the problem? He again stated that he doesn't need to state a valid reason, and that he 'wants to take that option'. My reply again was, 'We have always paid our rent on time, we just paid our $400!  dollar deposit for our 10 lbs maltese, of which only $100 refundable, not even 3 weeks ago. And never have had any problem with our neighbors, except for that one incident with the patio. He again, with a smirk, said; 'I don't need to give you a reason and we're about to close, anything else that I can help you with?'. I respectfully asked for a written notice, that he refuses to state a valid reason, he refused to do so as well. Well, sometimes I wonder... How in the hell do you manage a property management firm with such a lack of respect towards people. And my friend who lives there too, doesn't think highly of this disrespectful manager either. And she told me that a lot of other residents spite the fact that this guy is now managing their apartment. Time for someone to ask him 'What in the world is your problem'!He is rude, has a lack of professionalism, is disrespectful, spiteful and narcissistic. And for the rest of the employees, you guys do a great job. I'm sorry you have to deal with a manager like that, every day. I'm sure you're starting to hate your job because of him... Go read all the other reviews on google, all positive reviews are from a year ago, before they changed the management. If it wasn't for this manager, we would've definitely rated this property 4/5 to 5/5. Go live somewhere where you're treated with respect.
1	Stay away!!! Horrible manager failed to renew our lease do to an elderly couple below us complaining about us walking in the apartment that called our handicapped child an "animal"  For the rent cost you can live somewhere A LOT nicer!
1	This place and James, the manager, are a joke.  Wasn't allowed to renew our lease because an elderly couple downstairs constantly complained about us to the office. The elderly couple lived in a home before moving in and should never have moved into an apartment! The  grounds are nasty for being so close to a resort.  Dog feces all over the place! Rent is not worth it and you can find a much better place to live. James, the manager has no professional  manner, doesnt have good ppl skills and will lie to you directly in your face. His actions are supported by Pillar Communities! STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMMUNITY AND PILLAR!!
1	I checked out Crown Court here on Yelp and was totally shocked at the amount of people who have been treated the same way I've been treated.I dealt with the staff when I moved in and they were extremely nice. But as soon as you need maintenance you deal with James and he acts like you live here for free and is so rude. He is completely unprofessional and HE is the reason I will NOT be renewing my lease!
1	Crown Court Scottsdale - Pillar Communities is getting worse and worse as the year goes by.It is now at an unbelievable state! The landscapers have ruined the place: chopping down everything and hacking the shrubs into unsightly messes. And they have not cleaned the tree liter up from the landscape rocks since they - Pillar Communities - took over. They occasionally clear the pavements; and they blew the street down twice (at most!). It is very dirty here.The tree litter is really bad! And needs to be cleaned up before someone slips on it *see pics. It is literally piling up like snow around here and it is covering all of the pavement. You can't even see the rocks anymore and the streets are pretty covered in it too. When you walk to the car, your feet & shoes get covered in it, and the cars are a mess - having to be washed constantly (that's not cheap!). They have not at any time attempted to clean this up. I had to wash my walkway down.And this is making our allergies VERY bad and expensive to maintain; there is tree pollen everywhere! We can't open the windows and my asthma is worse than ever.In addition, the landscapers (Epic) are here 3 days a week making noise and disturbing people, but they do not do their jobs. They just show up, make a lot of noise and collect their pay checks. I jog in the morning... leaving my unit on the East side and head to the West and then out to the Princess hotel - so I see it all! And it is bad here all over. There has been a very large piece of a tree that has fallen down lying in plane site for several weeks now and no one has moved it. The manager (James) and other staff even drive by it!Pillar Communities is trying to turn Crown Court into a luxury apartment complex, but the only thing that reflects this is the price of each unit.This place is a filthy, unsightly mess.The appliances are bottom of the line and break often. And they give you every excuse in the world why they don't need to be replaced. It is substandard living here!The roofs leak when it rains and a lot of units have mold in them... seeing the mold & water repair trucks here is common.The sewer pipes leak very badly here - resulting in all kinds of messes including sewer roaches. My one neighbor, who has since moved, had roaches crawling up out of the pipes into her tub and sink! Pillar Communities tried to cover up the problem with new asphalt (because the broken sewer pipes were leaking & destroying the parking lots); cleaver, but they did not fix the broken sewer pipes. And now it just smells like tar around here all the time! Additionally, about 90% of the air conditioners leak Freon. Aside from sweating it out in the heat throughout the entire summer because they will not repair them, the Freon leaks inside the apartment unit. And it made one of our older neighbors sick - sending them to the ER! They also leak water all over inside the apartment, and they send maintenance around with a shop vac (as a regular thing) to clean up the saturated rugs.They tolerate restricted dog breeds too and another older neighbor was bitten by a pit bull mix.The pool is gross. They cleaned it a lot in the beginning, but now it is very badly neglected and full of bugs and tree debris. There are so many bugs in it that the birds come over to pick them up out of the pool. The last several times I was there (including yesterday), they did not even have the filter running! The water is cloudy and just really dangerous looking.Plus, infants are permitted to play in the hot tub - diapers and all - regardless of the posted rules. And the staff ignores it and walks right by it when they are showing the place. One time, there was poop in the hot tub!The gym equipment is breaking down, broken or missing as well as the t.v.s. The last time I was there, the air conditioning was NOT even on!The grounds at the club house are literally falling apart and have orange cones placed around the sink hole in the brick walkway. And it has been like this for a very long time.Dog feces is everywhere, but they do have a lady who walks around a lot trying to clean it up. She seems on the ball and happy to do her job. Thank you for trying. But the feces can pile up at times and in the heat, it smells very badly. And many of the dog waste receptacles are missing lids and flies breed in them.When you tell the manager James about all of this, he acts like he is going to do something and is very convincing, but he NEVER does! He is very short tempered too when you insist. The apartments average $1000 to $1400.00 (my end unit with a cat fee & water is well over $1400); so when I ask for them to be kept clean, it is not asking too much.And by they way, the staff here has told me (more than once) that the manager James is good friends with the owner/manager of the Epic landscape business and is often out "at lunch" with him for a good part of the afternoon.We are leaving ASAP! This can no longer be tolerated.
