5	Sunday services at both 9:30 & 11:15AM!
5	You know I have to thank a coworker for introducing me to this place...Thanks Max It's just an amazing Worship Experience  !!!!  I have never felt more alive and excited to praise god and to truly be part of something awesome ! Before my schedule changed I used to work on the security team at this location and because of that I have made some friends along the way there too, I miss those guys big time..I have heard and still hear all kinds of stuff from other people on there opinions about this church and the pastor, but to me I like to experience things for myself and make up my own mind ! To me its not who is on the stage preaching or on the screen in front of you Its ALL about the Massage they bring !!..YEP ER  IT'S all STRAIGHT FROM THE BIBLE ...Oh And if you like Praise and Worship Music they bring it Loud and Clear ! No really it's Loud  ...I really look forward to Sundays ! I can't wait to go back.. I hope this helps anybody reading this. It's really simple ....don't knock it....just go try it for yourself and make up your own mind. Thats what I did.....So that people far from God will be raised to life in Christ.
5	One word...... WOW! I just relocated to Charlotte in January and underestimated the city as a whole! I grew up with Pastor Tony Evans and have relocated 8 times in the past 12 years. It's always hard finding a place to worship (that actually preaches the word) and fellowship with other believers.I love the fact that Pastor Steven is on fire for The Lord and using his gift to reach the masses. I also love the fact the church is so diverse which is unexpected in the south. I look forward to Sundays and my future ministry involvement at this church!Thank you Elevation!
2	Wow. Guess I should've looked at the reviews and photos here before taking my wife and daughter to Elevation Uptown this morning. Not the sort of church experience I recommend in the slightest. Walked up and passed the VIP parking to a lobby with a DJ spinning some mad beats. The volume was incredibly, incredibly loud, so I covered my daughters ears as we entered and fake-smiled at the 45 greeters they had along the red carpet entrance. The place is definitely showy and impressive, you feel like you're coming into a big concert or the Oscars. No judgment I guess... Just know what you're getting into. Wait, yes judgment: I can't imagine a Christ of humility, simplicity, and accessibility enjoying this glitz and overwhelming sound and tech. Ok, end judgment. We finally made it to the "sanctuary" theater, and all the lights were out. We were directed to seats by flashlight while the music actually got louder (surprised this was possible, seriously), and quickly turned around and regrouped in the lobby. My wife and I couldn't hear each other speak, I couldn't see anything in the theater without the flashlights, and we quickly realized it was not the church for us or our baby girl. People seemed really nice and helpful (that second star in the review: I'm sure it's a great community of good-meaning people), but know you're going to church-as-epic-overwhelming-performance before you walk in... and maybe you'll enjoy the show... if you can still hear afterwards. We churched elsewhere across the street this morning and are very glad we did.
