1	VW has big ambitions for America. They want to significantly increase sales and produce the best mass-produced cars on American roads. Some have said they want to become the next Toyota (though that ambition now seems less austere). The reality is, however, that they have no chance of doing that if people receive the kind of poor service that my girlfriend received from the Chapman VW service department last November.In short, there was a transmission problem and though this should have been covered under a VW 10yr/100K powertrain warranty for her 2000 Beetle, the dealership would not honor this, and instead claiming that the issue was not covered.In the end, the dealership charged her $568.07 for a fix that took nearly two business weeks to complete, during which time my girlfriend was without car. All the while, the service advisor, Kevin Fore treated my girlfriend with the kind of contempt and disregard that should have gone out with the age of feminism. To top it off, the mechanics left grease on the yellow interior paintwork. Classy.So in short, shitty customer service + poor service time + $120/hr labor= recipe for disaster. VW would best be served to cease business with this dealer immediately. Run, don't walk VW!
1	I recently called there to speak to a salesperson so I could look at a Jeep Patriot and a Liberty.  I told the salesperson I would be there in one hour and gave him my name and phone number.We arrived on time and asked for the salesperson who had been standing around with the others in front.  It took him 20 minutes to find the car and then he told me it needed gas!  I told both him and his sales manager...what have you been standing around "scratching your ......and now you are wasting my time?  I know that's terrible...but I was irritated at how lame they were.  So after we test drove the cars I asked them to email me some prices on 3 cars and I was interested in purchasing one of them within the week.  They never did!  I'm not sure why they wouldn't take us seriously as we drove up in a BMW x5...?Then two days later the guy calls me and says...um call us if you are interested in a test drive...what the heck!  These guys are a combo of lazy and a bit dumb...I guess maybe I can get a good deal out of them if I can ever get them to give me information!  I say skip it and let the Darwinian Theory work and they will starve!
1	WOW, I wish I would have read these reviews before even setting foot in Chapman's showroom.  Okay, here's my story.  Get comfy....I had done my homework, researching the car I wanted to buy.  I settled on a 2010 Hyundai Elantra GLS.  I found several dealerships with cars that met my specifications, and I spent the day test driving.  Chapman was the last place I visited, and it turns out the car they had was the one I really wanted.  The salesman was....well, stereotypical of a car salesman.  We did the song and dance dealerships feel is necessary (ack!) and I had decided I wanted to buy the car.  I found it disturbing that the salesman did not know he was selling a GLS and called it "the base model".  (It wasn't.)  I was to pick up the car the following week, as I was paying cash for it and wasn't going to have the check until then. In the meantime, they were to tint the windows and do the vin etching, according to the signed contracts. (I was told vin etching was NOT optional, by the way....if it's not optional, why am I paying for it?)I called Don (the salesman) six days later and said I was on my way to pick the car up and that I had the check.  When I got there 35 minutes later, he did not have anything ready.  I paid Marcus, the "finance guy", for the car and received a receipt.  Then I had to wait for 20 minutes while they located the car.  Then they sent me off with no temp. title OR license.  THEN I noticed....the car was NOT tinted OR vin etched.  That's when I started to become agitated.  After the salesmand AND sales manager both used the "Oh, I've been off for the past three days" excuse for not holding up their end of the contract, they offered to pick the car up at my work the next day and bring it back to have those things done.  (This only after I told them I lived on the other side of town and couldn't bring the car back until Saturday.  They replied with, "Saturday's not a good day to get tint..."  I told them that was not my problem!)They did come and get the car the next day, BUT...they contacted me four hours later than they said they would.  When I told the salesman I couldn't talk to him on the phone (I am a teacher and had to pick up my students from lunch) to give him the address and asked him to get it from the sales manager (I had already given it to him that morning), he said "Are you going to make this difficult for me, or are you just going to give me the address?!"  When I asked to speak to the sales manager, Don hung up on me.  I called back and talked to Brad, the sales manager, and he told me in short that Don was still coming to pick up the car, even though he had treated me that way on the phone, and that there was clearly no pleasing me, since I wasn't happy about the tint or the vin etching.  I reminded Brad that those were things they were CONTRACTED to complete and they didn't.  What did I have to be happy about?It has been 1 1/2 weeks since I signed for the car and I have yet to receive the "lifetime $10 oil changes" certificate I was promised.  Of course,  I would rather pay full price elsewhere than return to that dealership under ANY circumstances.  I will be writing to the GM and Hyundai North America about this experience, and I STRONGLY suggest you avoid this dealership like the plague.  I tell you, people, I cannot make this stuff up.
2	Yeah, I have to agree with the rest of the reviewers here that the lines of communication and general attitude here are pretty awful. I read on some other site about someone experiencing bait-and-switch style tactics here, which I felt these guys tried to do, though I held their feet to the fire and went to their top financing guy, and he worked with me and was very nice, and I ended up getting a better deal, which is the only reason I'm giving them 2 stars instead of one. One question, Chapman sales staff (and mgmt.): Why hurry to "close deals" (in the guise of a peppy "We really want to get this deal done for you and get you out the door in your brand new car!") and promise a deal that you can't backup until you get the final word from the bank??? Stop giving people the erroneous idea that it's a done deal when you drive away. My experience was, a few days after the sale, I get the "It's gonna be another $2,000 down and blah blah blah at this rate for you to keep this car..." etc. And when I protested nicely, saying, "Can you work with me here?" the salesman walks me to the back lot and shows me a completely different car make and goes, "You can buy this one with your credit (not having any credit cards or open lines of credit in the last 2 years constitutes "bad credit")...or I can give you your old car back and we can say goodnight" kind of rudely, and I was left flabbergasted that he didn't get the facts squared away from the bank before letting me fall in love with the VW Jetta he hurredly put me in (Yes, he picked the right car for me, it is awesome, but still...). Just be honest with people and say, "we need to hear back from the bank till it's a done deal". People appreciate honesty and won't necessarily run away if you are, but unfortunately most understand deception is part of the car salesman game.  And yeah, the VW service dept. people are incredibly condescending. I even got called "buddy" which is plain insulting in that situation. It's "Sir," guys. Wake up and learn some customer service skills, K?I'm afraid I would not recommend this place to anyone looking to buy a car, obviously (unless you have thick skin, are an experienced car buyer, and have a take-no-shit-from-car-salesman attitude, because they do have some great cars), so...take a look at your Yelp rating, guys. Everyone thinks you suck!@Scout S.: I too test drove a Jeep Liberty, and it was on empty, too! @Annemarie L.: I wish I'd checked the reviews online, too. I probably would have gone to Tempe Autoplex instead, where my g/f bought her Honda and has never had a problem.
1	I gave them 2 stars initially, as Brian their main finance guy worked with me to get me what I thought was a fair deal, so I gave them an extra star. They put a GPS tracking device on my car - which failed, like a week later, and left me stranded 17 miles from home. I had to wait 3 hours for a tow truck out in Mesa. (The device also allows your car to start - acting, so they say, like a theft-deterrent device. Well, I couldn't steal my own car home that night, which was a ROYAL pain in the ass.) Also, their finance department told me they have auto-withdraw (so I wouldn't risk an overdue payment) but it turns out they don't have it set up yet. It was a major reason I did the deal. Big thumbs down for that, and the fact that they charge $4.00 for any credit/debit card transactions. I've never, ever heard of anyone charging to charge you (especially for a debit card). What a racket.Everything down the line with this place has been a snafu. Their in-house finance department, CAG, is rude and unhelpful. Avoid financing with them at all costs. This place reinforces the idea in my head that car sales is a big racket, designed to squeeze buyers for all they can, letting good customer relations slide on by as they get busy counting the money, and "selling the loans" to quote their own rep. (Note to everyone: Check all online reviews first before you buy a car, to get the REAL story...)Happy motoring, everybody!
1	Wow, I wish I'd checked Yelp before I went to Chapman. Last week after cruising through every used car listing site in town I spotted a nice Matrix at what I thought was a decent deal. I emailed the dealership and was told within a few hours that the car had already sold but that they had many on the lot to choose from in the same price range and was asked to give them a list of different makes/models that I'd consider. A few day later and a handful of emails more from the sales guy and the manager. I was told that they had even more cars and when could I come down. Here's where it gets interesting...I was very up front that I had a fixed budget and that I was paying cash, so why was I asked to confirm this amount 3 times in the span of 30 minutes? By the same person? We looked at cars and saw one that we liked, asked for the ball park retail (they didn't actually OWN it yet) and were told specifically that it was definitely under our budget. We left eagerly anticipating the Carfax and details on the work needed.(Insert two days of confusion on who owned the vehicle and when we could test drive.)We FINALLY make the test drive appointment only to be told that our salesperson overbooked himself and that we could look at it but not drive it because it hadn't passed through safety inspection. Not three seconds into showing us the highpoints of the car the salesguy is already prepping me for the cost change, oh the damage is just cosmetic, it's really in much better shape than average, we don't think we can make your price range ect. I said thanks and started to head out - MAGICALLY the car can now be test driven! Oh we should take it out on our own! While we're gone he'll work on the price and see what he can do. This little dance was repeated three times: they raised me $1000, I thanked him for his time, they said what about another $500, I said maybe, they came back with what about $750, I said nope. Queue the manager from stage left to explain my financing options...Needless to say we left without a car and my son's first experience with the sales technique has left him a little sour on the whole experience. We won't be going back.
1	If you go here to by a car do this: 1)by some water-based, non irritating lubricant 2)research positions that are the most comfortable for when you're getting screwed3)if you're turned on by lying, swindling and games, these clowns are for you!For starters,hopefully douchebag Johnny lemke is gone from this dealership. Had two back-to-back horrible business deals with this Chapman Autoplex and will not, I repeat, WILL NOT, ever be back. I got cornholed bigtime on my last Dodge in 2003. Me and a couple other co-workers bought from a sneaky and unscrupulous sales woman named Kim Chartier back in 98 or so and I should have learned back then not to come back to this dealership. All of us got screwed in so many ways that it will take me two hours to state what happened. Years later, we still joke about this dealership and how bad we got it. My friend Debbie L bought two or three used vehicles from Kim C and she almost needed therapy when she realized how bad she got screwed, and she could have saved alot of money buying from someone else.I turned in a leased car back to them in 2003 (dont ever lease-sales reps make more commission on leases) therefore I was talked into one when I could have bought the car for $10 more a month. Costly mistake.  And before my lease on my Dodge Neon ended and I still had another payment left, they talked me into ending my lease a month early so i can get sold another Dodge-well they were supposed to make my last lease payment for me and of course, they didn't, and I got stuck with two payments for one month. Also, my interest rate was almost a point higher than I was quoted over the phone-when I went to sign the Chrysler Financial papers, the sales manager was no where to be found, and someone else was left in charge of it. When I confronted the sales manager the next day,  he said I could have free car detailing for the entire time I owned the car!! What good is this when I am not coming back??  I should have walked when the interest rate was higher than he told me over the phone but but I needed a car, was in a bind,  and wanted this horrible experience over with. I was also sold a useless extended warranty that I could have negotiated down in price, but once again, the gal that sold me this made her money and thats all that matters.  After a couple more hiccups with the paperwork, and another issue with my turned in leased car, I called to complain to the head manager, Johnny Lemke- what a jerk, very rude to me, and basically said it wasnt his problem and if I didnt get anything in writing, they won't honor it.I will never buy a Dodge again, never buy an extended warranty-they are a scam and don't cover anything, and I will never deal with this dealership again.  After my experience with them and some issues with my turned in leased vehicle, I got to fight ANOTHER battle with Wells Fargo Auto Lease Finance-totally different story there but I won it, with no help  from the Chapman fu**tards. This dealership did nothing to guide me through turning in my leased vehicle either- I  think they should have recommended me do some stuff as I was buying another  vehicle from them. Nope. You need to do your research on turning in a leased vehicle and don't expect anyone at the dealership to save you any money or give you any useful advice. You need to ask the bank that you're leasing from, where their lot is and turn the vehicle in there. If you leave it at Chapman or another dealership, you will be charged a pick up fee. I ended up beating this and not paying but don't rely on the dealership to make this an easy transition. I hope the knuckleheads that were here back in 2003 are gone. And by the way, my junk Dodge Stratus was totaled when I got hit by a drunk driver- the POS was an even bigger POS and insurance paid it off and paid my GAP insurance so I got rid of the car and wasn't stuck with it any longer. Words of advice: do not lease, do not purchase extended warranties, do not do business with Chapman, and buy from private sellers people- it is cheaper and they are more honest. Run a carfax too.
5	Just picked up my new 2014 200 from Patrick Hofer at Chapman Autoplex.  Patrick was quick to respond from the first email.  He kep me informed throughout the process as he and his Fin. Director Brian, worked to get us the best tier possible for our lease.  It took a little time, as my credit isn't what it should be.  But he got me out of my current lease on my old Patriot Limited and into a 200 Limited lowering my payment with no money down.  They gave me GREAT value on my jeep, and he worked hard to accomplish saving money and getting me everything I needed.   After reading the other reviews on Yelp, I didnt experience anything like what the others claim happened.  I am not sure what happened, but they were upfront about everything, trade value, taxes, plates, what troubles we might run into getting approved, though they worked hard to make sure we didnt have those issues.  I will recommend Patrick and Chapman to my friends and family.  I felt appreciated and important.  There can be bad sales experiences at any dealership, but its certainly not what I experienced with Chapman.
5	I worked with Mike Conway here and the sale could not have been easier. I started my search at Earnhardt RAM where I was less than impressed, but that is another review. A buddy of mine purchased his new 2500 here a few months ago. After reaching out to him after my experience at Earnhardt he passed along contact info for the GM of the dealership. A late night text to this contact followed by a phone call from Mike the next morning got the ball rolling. I am very specific with things I am looking for when it comes to the sales process. Doing sales for a living I do not want to negotiate. I understand the dealership must turn a profit, but there is a balance between the customer and the dealer. I found the truck I wanted on the Chapman site and provided Mike with the stock number and the deal was underway. We worked the deal on my new Cummins 4x4. Mike provided insight on the rebates off MSRP using Chrysler Capital's financing versus the rebates if I provide my own. No negotiations needed, Mike provided great pricing the FIRST time with no need for negotiation. We were on the phone and I checked his offer versus various other dealers and TrueCar as he was making it.  While I could save a lot more as far as rebates using my own financing, the 0% financing offer from Chrysler negated any additional rebates taken (Earnhardt salesman said that the dealer retains ALL rebates if I chose 0% so I would be buying the truck at MSRP, this was not the case, but again that is another review). I sent over all of my info for my trade in as well as the trade in offer from a competing dealership that I do a lot of work with. Within the hour we had agreed on the trade in value of my truck (within $500 of the dealer that I normally work with and purchased six vehicles from in the past few years, and on the FIRST OFFER). Mike stated that we can probably get more in trade after they look at my truck, but I did not even ask about it at delivery as I got what I wanted for my truck and was happy with the pricing on the new one. I would say I spent around 30 minutes TOTAL on this process. I was working and wanted to get the deal done before someone bought my new truck, issue was that I worked until closing time of the dealership. Mike stayed after hours to meet me and had us in and out in 23 minutes, no joke, we set a timer on my iPhone at his request. My time is valuable, Mike made it feel as if it was and made this a painless experience. A few items slipped under the radar before we took delivery, but Mike and Scott have promised to take care of them (a couple scuffs and a dent, nothing major so I felt I should clarify). I will update after these items are taken care of, but as it stands these guys are a perfect 5 star. You really do not find service like this much anymore with the domestic dealerships. I HIGHLY recommend dealing with Mike, Scott, and everyone else at Chapman.
5	Lisa and Sam in the service department were GREAT!!!  They helped us out that words can't even describe.  Thank you SO much!!!!
5	Amazing customer service. Top notch, quality attention to detail. We were lucky enough to get paired with Mike Conway and  I would highly recommend him to anyone. He took the time to explain the steps in detail, was flexible when we needed him to be, and walked me thought the entire car set up even through the lot was closed and it was getting late.Prices were extremely reasonable and the whole process of buying a used car was friendly and pleasant.I'm sure there are going to always be unhappy reviewers who didn't get what they want, but I can honestly and without hesitation recommend Mike and the guys in finance for a painless experience at a dealership.Am now the proud owner of a beautiful 2010 Mazda 3 (manual, please).  Thanks again Mike!
1	Worst experience in 25 yr history of auto shopping! Drove 50 miles to look at a 2010 Silver GMC Truck they had listed. We sat waiting over 30 min until the salesman finally pulled up (THE WRONG TRUCK) instead of a Silver 2010 truck he brought up a 2005 BLK truck? We asked if they had the 2010 Silver GMC Sierra we came to see the salesman replies in an airhead response: "yeah but we can't access the key box, we're trying to get the key" So sat & we waited another hour & finally fed up with the lack of communication & about to leave we decide we've come a long way lets get an update so we ask the guys in the office if they were able to get into the keybox? and this time we are told they don't know where the vehicle is on the lot! It's not a keybox issue it's that the vehicle is LOST! So why did they LIE? They said they were still looking so while continuing to wait we walked out & looked at the '05 Blk truck & even though it wasn't what we'd come for we thought it could possible work for a work truck so we made a cash offer assuming they could offer us Kelly Blue book trade-in value on our vehicle which should have been no problem since our vehicle exceeded for the yr having only ONE owner, absolutely no mechanical issues, new tires etc. but when they came back with the offer it was an ABSOLUTE INSULT!  Their offer was no where near KBB Trade in value in the least!  These people are a JOKE and the absolute epitome of a dishonest dealership with shady practices! LIARS & RIPOFFS who will waste 1/2 your day if you let them!
