3	Classic NY pizza place interior design with a modern twist.  A bit of wood, metal & stone.  They have a lovely outdoor dining area, with no smoking allowed, about 10 tables I think .  Also, there is a bar where you can sit either inside or out (there's a large rolling shutter that opens up).  Oh & there is absolutely no gaming.  If you ask me, that's a major plus!As mentioned a small menu, but how many choices do you need with pizza that tasty?We shared a small pizza- 1/2 pesto 1/2 white with meatballs, sausage, ricotta & roasted red peppers.  I preferred the pesto pizza, a lot more flavor & zestiness.  It was just crispy enough too.  Not too charred on the bottom, which is what I don't like about wood-fired or coal oven pizza.  It was really quite good. I can't wait to go back & try the calzones.  I may have to join the gym first, as I see me being very addicted to this place...Update 6/3/08:The calzones rock.  Be careful of the service it has been quite good to so poor that I actually complained to a manager...
4	I lived in NYC for 10 years before moving out here.  The 3 restaurants I missed were Peter Luger's, Mamoun's Falafel and Grimaldi's under the Brooklyn Bridge.  Although this is the chain version..its as close as I can get to having it in Vegas which is fine with me.  I was kinda disappointed the 1st time I went since there wasn't enough cheese on it for me and the crust was kinda medium rare.  The 2nd time was much better and tasted a lot closer to the real deal.  I STRONGLY advise ordering extra cheese and extra basil on it.  Otherwise the pizza seems a bit flimsy to me.
4	A great fresh thin crust  pizza place with nice bar and overall decor.  A must try for New York pie.
5	This place is in my top 3 of pizza places on the West Coast - amazing !!  I bought personal pizza's - one sausage, one meatball - the crust had the charring and blistering that i like to see ...it could've been a little crispier, but  stayed rigid when i lifted up a slice - the sauce ...nice tanginess to it and i like that they added a few basil leaves....the cheese...very creamy in texture ...very good and the toppings - tasty....i enjoy metro pizza  and i like settebelo's ( sp ) though i have not been there in many months - i will need to try several times before i decide how it ranks next to my other favs - bianco's in phoenix and bollini's in so cal but i can tell you this - it's off to a great start !!!http://i140.photobucket.com/albums/r37/keithand/grimaldis003.jpghttp://i140.photobucket.com/albums/r37/keithand/grimaldis002.jpghttp://i140.photobucket.com/albums/r37/keithand/grimaldis001.jpg
2	04/08 update - sauce, mozzarella and basil all top notch, but the crust was like cardboard.This rapidly expanding pizzeria franchise originated in Brooklyn and currently operates 6 restaurants in Arizona and Las Vegas.  Prior to departing for this trip I signed my wife up for their e-newsletter and she subsequently received a certificate for a free large one item pizza as a birthday gift.   We chose the white pizza with fresh tomatoes.  The place was very busy so it took a while for the pizza to be served and we immediately noticed a piece was missing.  The manager accidentally dropped a piece on the floor while slicing our pizza. Rather having us wait for another pizza to be prepared, they served us the original and offered to prepare a personal pizza.  I protested and told him we probably wouldn't be able to finish the pizza anyways and couldn't take the second pizza with us since we were on vacation.  The pizza was very good, but the crust was not quite as crisp or tasty as those prepared on Wooster Street in New Haven.  J
5	First of all, I think the name on the listing should just be Grimaldi's - I had a hard time finding these reveiws.  But anyway...This is our new favorite pizza place in Las Vegas/Henderson.  The antipasto salad is also good.  My DH and DS refuse to get pizza anywhere else.  I hesitate to give it a good rating because I like the fact that we have never waited in line to get in.  My only beefs are that I don't like the process of picking up the take-out items from the bartender and also the parking is a little limited when its busy.
5	The name "New York Pizza" conjures up a predictable image in the heads of most people, and to those lucky enough, an intense and blissful memory.  This kind of pizza, large, floppy and often sold by the slice has been imitated in one way or another in every corner of the country to mixed results.  But there is another sort of New York pizza that predates the style most (New Yorkers included) are familiar with. It's the kind of pizza made in a small handful of ancient pizzerias in New York city like Lomardi's, Grimaldi's and Totono's. It's thin crusted with a sweet tomato sauce and a dusting of parmesan and/or romano, some dried oregano and fresh basil and a generous drizzle of olive oil. Mozzarella is used sparingly, about half as much as you'd expect. This is the style of the very first pizzas made in America by Neapolitan immigrants.  The distinguishing factor today is the once-common coal-fired brick oven running about 900 degrees that's capable of charring the crust before it browns the cheese.  The result is a striking palette of black, light brown, white, dark green and about five shades of red.I've never been to Grimaldi's in Brooklyn, but I have been to Totono's. And this style, the so-called New York Neapolitan, was one I thought I could only score in NYC.  Through the magic of Yelp, I found this improbable outpost while looking for a hassle-free, off the strip locale for a family dinner. Problem is, I talk too much and felt the need to find a real gem.  This couldn't have been easier.  I was shocked to see that NYC's favorite pizzeria had franchised, but this looks like a small chain run by a nephew of the original owner, with his blessings, assistance and recipes.  We were quickly seated through the help of a call-ahead quasi-reservation at the best table in the house, right next to the pizza prep station.  The pies were nearly flawless.  I went with extra basil and I sampled the pepperoni and sausage. There were six of us, all northeast natives, two of which have lived in Italy, and all of us ranked this as our favorite or near-favorite pizza ever.  Is it my favorite?  I'm not sure, but it's 2nd or third at worst.  It has to be the best in Vegas and it will be a mandatory stop every time I'm in town.They don't have a line out the door yet, so check it out before the word spreads.  Service is attentive and polite, which isn't very "East Coast" of them, but that's one part of back home that I don't miss. Five mother-f'n stars.
5	BEST Pizza I've eaten in Vegas so far! The crust is thin but at the same time deliciously fluffy. My favorite is just the regular cheese pizza. I'm plan to try other pizzas out in the near future. Their bar also opens up to the outside on nicer days, so it would be nice to check it out for happy hour, and get a couple beers or a glass of wine when the weather is pretty outside. I'm definitely coming back here again!
3	We went there for a late lunch today.  There were a lot of wait staff, but only two 20 something customers.  The menu is pretty much pizza and salads.  My husband was the one craving pizza, so I let him order a sausage, mushroom, and onion regular 16" pie.  The pizza is New York style; thin, chewy crust.  There was a nicely spicy sausage, a real stringy cheese and fresh mushrooms and onions.  Then why didn't I like it?  It's the crust, Mr. Pizza Man!  Yes, they were spinning and twirling it.  Yes, it had pockets of char.  But overall it had NO flavor.  The pizza at Settebello is so much better there is no contest.  The service started strong with quick drinks and refills, but ended on a bad note.  We not only got the wrong bill (nope, we did not have salad and Tirimisu.  The only other customers in the house did.), but to add insult to injury we practically had to stand on our chairs and shout to get it fixed because all the staff was flirting with the 20 somethings.Would we come back?  Nope.
3	Instructions for how to enjoy your meal at Grimaldi's:1.  Sit in the "courtyard," one of the few places to sit outside in a city of resplendent sunshine, even if it's basically in a fucking parking lot (seriously, why aren't there more places to sit outside in vegas?). Smile faintly as a slight breeze drifts past your table, assuming it's the wind rather than the exhaust from the gargantuan yellow Hummer idling nearby.2.  Go light on toppings, which at $2-4 bucks a pop can easily make you shell out $20+ for a personal-sized pie3.  Don't worry about the prices. Realize you're at a pizza restaurant, not dominos. Consider it an import tax for bringing yet another storied New York restaurant to Vegas (Carnegie/Stage delis and Rao's being other examples)4.  Expect to enjoy your pizza, but not be blown away. Enjoy the thin, chewy crust as it mingles with the sauce, mozzarella, and your topping(s) of choice without thinking too much about it. Just chew, swallow, breathe, drink and repeat. Like a robot...eating pizza...in Henderson...with other pizza-eating robots. Know that if you start to think too much, you'll realize there's better pizza on this Earth, especially in New York, where at least you'd have some cool surroundings and interesting people mixed in with your dining experience. Instead, just eat your pizza, know it's good but not awesome and that you paid too much for it, but be happy.5.  Resist the urge to dry-hump anything on your way out, even the surly bartender who was nice enough to take your order in spite of the broomstick lodged far into his colon. Save your dry-humps until you return home, where at least they'll be appreciated by your cat and/or living room furniture.6.  Fart silently but crushingly on your way out the door, allowing your essence to annihilate the hostess and waft slowly through the restaurant, mixing with and then dominating the amalgam of cheap perfume and pizza odors which usually inhabit Grimaldi's. Ignore any screams or vomiting sounds coming from the restaurant as you open your car door, leave the parking lot, and cruise towards highway 215.7.  Grin ear-to-ear, knowing you've just had an enjoyable meal at an overpriced, but decent pizza joint. 8.  Go home and get your dry-hump on, STAT.
5	boy oh boy! i read these reviews and i can tell you what is wrong with the people knocking this place.. let me ive you a back ground of me 1st. i am 100% italian, i am from new york, lived there all my life just moved out here 2 years ago, new york by the way best pizza anywhere! now back to the reviews, most of the people that are telling you the pizza is horrible are spanish people that have no idear what real pizza taste like, who think pizza hut, cesar's, and all the mexican pizza is the best pizza in the world, ill listen to there reviews when i want to know about a mexican food. some other people who are not spanish but germans, irish, or some other nationality, please!!!!!!, you don't know italian food, and don't act like you know! then you have the others, italians who think they know pizza, but there not from new york or chicago, and never ever been to italy, these are what we real italians call then americans 4th generations, so please dont call your selves italians, if you or your parents are not from italy, even though i was born here my parents are from italy and have alot of family members there as well, i speak it and write it that is why my writing is not great i know that. now this is what i think of this place, is the pizza the best i ever had, no, but it is very good, dose it compare to new york city pizza, no, but it is the best so far i tasted in vegas! and trust me folks i went to alot of pizza places and there most of it garbage! but this place is best so far! sry i sounded rude, but these people with these reviews are killing me, it is like i have no idear to be a doctor and writing reviews on how to be one....
2	Really bad service. Not rude service, everyone who attended to us was actually very nice, clueless, but very nice. Our salads were delivered 5 minutes before our water and the two bottles of wine we ordered. I could have lived with that if, I had actually been able to eat it, But we had no silverware.  When our wine finally did appear it was the wrong two bottles. Our server asked us if we were sure that we knew what we ordered.  Eventually the correct wine appeared. The salads were fresh and tasty. The pizza was also very good.  Our server never came back to check on us, but another employee did,   It took a while to get our check. I wish I could give Grimaldi's three stars because the food was good, they have a nice patio, and an outside bar. The service was not good, but I chalk it up to poor training.  I never saw a manager or anyone who appeared to be in charge, so I am reluctant to place the blame squarely on the wait staff. Attitude goes along way, and even though they appeared to be struggling, they were always smiling. If I am ever back that way, I'll give it another shot, because the pizza was that good..
3	The service was so-so.  There was also a hair found in my salad, but they replaced it right away.  They also took it off the bill.  The food is pretty good though plus hairs give food fiber.  I'm just kidding, but our group had three different types of large pizzas.  They were all nice, thin, and prepared very well in their brick oven.  The desserts were also really good.  The cannoli's and tiramisu prepared very well.  The prices are a bit on the steeper side for pizza.   Each topping was a minimum of $2 more.   So yeah, some cost even more than $2.  Nonetheless, the food was still good.  It's a nice place to go once in a while.
5	Oh my god, it was like i had died and gone to pizza heaven! Now don't get me wrong i love pizza; from the soggy microwaved, burn the roof of your mouth off to the crusty over cooked, kept warm by a heat lamp baseball pizzas. If it is made of bread, cheese and tomato sauce i am there, and i am one happy woman!!But the pizzas at Grimaldi's well you could prop me up at the bar and keep feeding me slices of heaven until i burst like Mr Creosote (Monty Python reference there kids!!) I ordered a large (tomato sauce) pizza with mushrooms, fresh chopped tomatoes, roasted sweet red peppers and garlic...no meat for me folks sorry!! Also a caprasie (also known as a tri-colour) salad for an appetizer and a small house salad to go with my pizza.The Caprasie salad ($7) was perfect to share and came with the dinkiest pieces of bread to top with basil, Roma tomatoes and home made mozzarella..yummy! The small house salad ($5) was again more than enough to share between two people and really complimented the pizza, the salad dressing was flavorful but didn't over power the dish.And now we get to may favorite part the pizza, like i said i love pizzas, but this one has topped my charts! The base was beautifully cooked, it was a good thin crust hand tossed kinda base, but it was still soft and amazingly fresh tasting. They had amazingly managed to make it completely uncracker like which most wood/coal fired pizza places seem to make their bases. The "secret" tomato sauce was sweet with just the right amount of herbs, not over powering that it makes your eyes water, but with a damn good flavour! The toppings...well the mushrooms were beautiful, not gritty and not so small that you couldn't find them; the fresh tomatoes were sweet and juicy, the sweet red peppers...oh my god they were amazing a slight spicy flavour enhanced by the sweet roasted yumminess of the peppers! Lastly the garlic, wow wee it's a good thing I'm sitting here by myself as wow i can still taste the garlic and it's been a loooooong time since i ate it!Well all in all it was a great experience, the total bill came to $50, and this included a half carafe of pg and 2 large glasses or Perioni beer.So the down side, yes it did take FOREVER for the food to get served, yes the wait staff was not the jolliest i have ever encountered.....but for me the food totally makes up for it! So on my recommendation, go to Grimaldi's order the pizza, salad, beer or wine...and just remember to carry a book and a bag of pretzels to tie you over until the really food comes out, because ladies and gentlemen it is totally worth waiting for!
3	Being from NYC, I know pizza.  I grew up 1 block over from Little Italy and 3 blocks from Lombardi's.  I love italian food.I love the thin crust, crispy, saucey, cheesey variety.  Grimaldi's in NYC is better than Vegas.  Pizza in NYC generally speaking tastes different than anywhere else.  Most pizzeria owners that I know back home, say its the water that makes it taste different, and I actually have to agree.  Grimaldi's here make a great effort in providing NYC Style pizza.  The gf and I had a large pie with sweet red peppers, sausage and onions.  It's thin and crispy.  Saucey and cheesey however, it is not!  Seemed like they skimped on the sauce (which is their signature) and the cheese.  Especially, when the sauce and cheese are the main components of the pizza.  It was good, but not great.  Sadly, I left here unimpressed and missing NY a little more.Atmosphere was good, they have an outdoor patio and full bar with a few flatscreens to watch the games.Heard Giovanni's is better.  Will try Giovanni's next time I have a pizza craving.  **Make that Settebello's in Henderson**
5	Amazing pizza.  We went here on July 5th about noon and nobody was there. 2 other couples and thats it. With pizza this good that is a damn shame.   We were greeted right away and seated immediately.  Real nice server named John took our order.  We got a large pepperoni and fresh garlic.  That was a winning combo for sure!!  This was in the top 5 pizzas I have ever had.  We went to the original in Brooklyn 2 years ago and guess what......This was better!!  If it werent for Totonnos, Pepes and Modern, this would be number 1 :-).  Everything was perfect.  The garlic made it super tasty but not overpowering.  Large pizza and 2 sodas for 25 bucks.  Cant beat that.  I overheard some of the workers talking about advertising down at the strip to try and get some more business.  Guess the "tourists" dont come out here.  This place is off the 215 about 10 minutes out of town and well worth the drive.  An excellent pizza and a definite stop on all future trips to Sin City.
4	Brick oven pizza is lighter and the mozzarella is sort of cut up and in clusters of cheese throughout. If summer had a pizza it would be brick oven pizza. If you ask me it's hit or miss. Grimaldi's is a bull's-eye they got it right. Thanks to the yelp reviewer who had recommended extra sauce. That really made the difference. The pizza is chewy in the right spots, crispy in the others. The ingredients are fresh. The sauce is seasoned to perfection and the cheese is supah-fresh! I ordered take out and I will be back it's got a cool ambiance. Oh, and DO NOT SLEEP ON THE CANNOLLI!
3	It really isnt as good as locals will tell you before you go. I think its the kinda place were you really gotta get lucky with the person working the oven that day. It also seems like if you dont order any of the ingredients that they offer "extra" for, it isnt as good, making a simple pie get a little pricey.
4	On a hunch from a friend we were told to give Grimaldi's a try while raving about Settebello's!!  Me being me, i was scared to vier away and try something new and give up what is always sure to be a wonderful pizza experience! So how did i try Grimaldi's?? Well, i was in a wedding on Friday and was busy all day from 9am-till after the reception ending at about 11:00pm, leaving the husband to fend for himself for the day!I get a call about 4:00pm, "honey, I have a surprise for you! Can i tell you what it is? Can i please???" My reply "No love, that would make it not be a surprise anymore, now i have something to look forward to...  I will get it when i see you!" and due to the fact that i at this point have large hair, too much make-up on and am in a freezing cold reception room trying to get all the name cards placed on the tables and get the bride ready and keep her happy, while keeping the kids outta the way and clean in their flower girl dresses i am excited to have a surprise waiting for me when all is said and done!!!Driving home after a beautiful wedding, the husband says... "are you excited for your surprise? Can i give you a hint??""Yes dear, i am VERY excited for my surprise, lay it on me!" "Remember what we wanted to try, but didnt want to give something else up for?"I came home to half a pizza from Grimaldi's!!!!!!! :)AAAaaahhhh, how cute!!Ok, back to the review.. while it was cold and not pipping hot and fresh i few minutes of heating up, it was wonderful!!! Now, I cant wait to go get one and try it fresh, its WAY closer to the house than Settebello's is and now I am willing to give it a try and vier away at least once!So for now 4 stars, and if this location is closer or better for you than Settebello's is (at least for now till they move next to Whole Food's in The District) it is a fair trade off, or even if you want to go crazy and mix it up a bit!!!Now can i get a.... WWHHOOOAAAA PIZZA!!!!!!! :)
4	Courteous service without being too obnoxious/smarmy, good food, not too pricey... (About 25 dollars for two people to eat.) I enjoyed the atmosphere, the chicken was good quality, and though I don't normally enjoy sundried tomatoes, the ones they put on the pizza were pretty tasty. Will definitely go back and try again.
4	Just moved here 3 weeks ago from Florida, but I was born in New York City. After  9 years in Florida, we finally found a true Brooklyn born, owner of a fantastic pizza place. Well we found that already here. Wonderful.We've only been there once, but great reviews so far!
5	first off, the staff here is super friendly and i would recommend anyone to this delicious pizzeria!. I ordered a pepperoni and garlic pizza and took home 2 large boxes driving back to California. Reminds me of the NYC pizzas..
4	We have dined at Grimaldi's twice before and were always impressed by the toppings, but also disappointed with the crust.  This time we chose the chose the white pizza with garlic and added fresh tomatoes.  They got it right this time.
4	I like this place a lot because its really nice and cozy. The waitress was really nice and attentive to our needs because we were a very demanding group.We ordered a small caesar salad which is perfect for two people and a small mixed green salad which didnt have the best dressing.Lets get to the PIZZA!!We ordered 2 large pizza, the first one was with a 1/4 pepperoni and the rest was cheese. The first pie was too saucy but still really good. So we ordered another pie which was too cheesy. But what I liked about their pizzas was that the crust was thin and crunchy and the cheese was not shredded mozzarella cheese, it was buffalo mozzarella which made the pizza soooooo much better!!!!Yummy Grimaldis....
5	I grew up in phoenix where there have been Grimaldi's pizza for awhile, so when i heard they were coming to Las Vegas I was stoked. The pizza is the best, the service is a little slow but more than worth it, and they are very nice so all is well. A bit on the expensive side too, 18 bucks for a large pizza is no joke, but ill be damned if the price isn't worth it.
5	It's getting more expensive to get good quality pizza anymore, but this place is absolutely the best I've had and worth everything you spend! Grimaldi's works as a spot to bring a date, friends or family and anyone new to the joint will be extremely impressed with you for introducing them to the food. The staff at this location is especially friendly if they recognize you as a regular customer. No complaints here! I don't spend in the double digits for my own meal that often, so when I do I'd like it to be a place like this. There aren't too many locations around the country, so if you live near one or are traveling to the area, and are hungry for a high quality pie - I implore you to go!
2	This place wasn't as good as I originally thought. I tried a few other sit-in pizza places in the area and realized that I was rather unimpressed here. Tomatoes or something on the pizza ended up making me sick the next day. Still +1 stars for the good service though.
5	This is the closest thing to california for NY pizza.  I miss NY pizza so much!!  I come here everytime i go to vegas and i usually order a couple pies and take it home.  Not as good reheated but still better than anything in LA....garlic and sausage is a can't miss combination....
5	This place was amazing! My sister in law introduced my husband and I to Grimaldi's and we were back for seconds two days later. The Caeser salad was great and the pizza itself was to die for. Granted, I'm a native Californian so I've never had real New York pizza to compare this to but I was happy with it. Make sure you get pepperoni on your pizza...those little pepperoni slices are delicious. I ended my meal with cannoli and coffee. Now, I've been on the hunt for good cannoli for 6 months since having one at Stella's in San Francisco and I couldn't find anything that came close. Well, I have to say Grimaldi's is as close to Stella's as I can remember! I even took one to go.I know some people might think the service was a bit too intrusive but I appreciated the attention. This will be a regular stop for us whenever we're in Vegas. I'm looking forward to trying the Chandler location when we visit friends next month!
3	I usually stay away from chain-store pizza (Pizza Hut, Domino's, etc.), because that stuff's just not tasty.  So, I guess I have a high standard for pizza, because I was not impressed by Grimaldi's.  I mean, it was fine, but it wasn't especially flavorful or fresh.  My friends, for some reason, thought it was the best pizza they've ever had.  I guess I'm just not a big pizza person
4	The Pizza was excellent: thin crust, coal or wood fired oven, fresh ingredients.  I wasn't expecting it to be great, but it was really good.  The atmosphere is nice too.
5	My fiance and I have trouble deciding where we want pizza from when picking between this place and Settebello! Honestly if it was just about pizza I'd say Settebello has the edge , but it's not a huge edge!!As for Grimaldi's, here's how I see it:Pros:*Cool vibe with a nice patio! Feels much more fun to dine here than Settebello.*Various sizes of pizza! I have issues at Settebello because the only size they serve is just a tad too big for me.... then I overeat because I can't leave the last piece on my plate etc...or then I waste some... I prefer to order a slighly larger pie at Grimaldi's and split it! Much more cost effective and no wasted pizza and overeating.*better drink menu*They spread the cheese out! No huge globs of cheese.. the yummy cheese is spread out perfectly.Cons:*Crust is slightly better at Settebello's*Ummm salame... can't find that here! In general I think toppings are a little better over at Settebello, but not by much. Honestly we alternate between the two places depending on our mood. They are both awesome.
1	I feel this place is overcharge for a pizza. There wasn't much topping and wasn't flavorful. Each bite wasn't filling. Just made me hungry and nothing astonishing about the pizza. I just keep eatting the pizza to fill my hunger and not really enjoying it. I've had better thin crusted pizza that made me wanted to eat more and come back. This isn't a place to go if you're starving.
4	Grimaldi's was the first restaurant I ate at when I moved here and I've always enjoyed eating out on the patio.  The staff is great and made me feel welcome and pizza and calzone's are incredible.   Definately my favorite pizza place.
4	Very good pizza joint.  I had the "pizza of the month," which happened to be the BBQ chicken.  It was good, but I felt like it didn't really showcase the type of pizza that would benefit from the Grimaldi's style.  As we were leaving, I saw the pizza a couple had ordered - pepperoni with extra sauce - and it looked amazing.  I will definitely return and order a pizza that is a little less "busy."  That way, I can really enjoy the buffalo mozzarella that they use.
4	Kid Friendly, good layout.  The entire staff here seemed happy.  The food was excellent.  A bit too expensive for me to go every week, but it was worth it.  Ordered a large with pepperoni.  It was fantastic, the cheese, the sauce, the crust, all perfect.  My wife thought it was burnt when she first saw the pizza, but she loved it too.
5	Oh my... this was a great surprise find outside of Las Vegas (near Henderson).  The pizza was amazing, thin crust and crispy, and the freshest toppings... absolutely awesome !   The oven roasted sweet red peppers and Italian sausage... oh my.... I definitely will go back to this place the next time I visit Vegas.  Worth the drive/taxi to try authentic NY style pizza with fresh and tasty ingredients with friendly wait staff.
4	Initial thoughts: I was first told about this coal brick-oven pizzeria by a friend of mines. I do have the say the moment you walk into this restaurant it has a warm atmosphere. I was initially greeted by the hostess and brought over to a table. It had a large coal brick oven and they do change out the coals depending on the serving time between lunch and dinner. I made the mistake of going at around 4pm when they were switching the coals out. It has a nice bar that opens out to a patio area that is open during the warmer season. It has a good location but I had trouble finding it at first. I couldn't see a sign for it until I passed it.Food:I really really enjoyed their pizza. Whenever I go, I always get the meatball topping and it is superb. They take the homemade meatballs and slice them thin and place them as toppings. The crust is nice and thin and the freshness of their ingredients from the fresh mozzarella and their basil. The sauce is quite flavorful and tasty. I was talking to one of their managers and I explained this was my first time dining and he told me a little bit about where they come from. He explained to me that they balance their ph of the water to match it just like NYC. I was really impressed that they did that, as it shows a dedication to great pizza. They also serve white pizza if that is something you enjoy. Service:The waitress was very efficient. She took my drink order and asked if it was my first time dining. I can't remember her name but she was very friendly and knew the menu very well. I ordered my personal pizza and it only seemed like a couple of minutes and it came out warm, fresh and toasty. She did a wonderful job on asking about my food and making sure my drink was always full. Kudos to her. Quality:Fresh, fresh, and fresh. Their ingredients are not skimped on and you can taste the freshness in their produce and sauces. I don't think you will be disappointed. Final thoughts:Grimaldi's is definitely my choice for a sit down pizza joint. The freshness of their ingredients their warm and welcoming staff and their dedication to great pizza shows that their restaurant will be and continue to be successful and their patrons will spread the word and continue to come back. They obviously know what needs to be done to run a great restaurant. I know I will be coming back and I will bring my friends along as well.
4	delicious pizza, the menu is big the service is good and the pizza is awesome. they have a great wine list, the pizza is a little on the pricey side but its worth it. the only problem is the location, its tucked in the corner of the plaza and on Eastern so its a pain to get in and out of.
5	Reading other reviews on here is laughable.  PEOPLE IT"S THIN CRUST PIZZA.  If you don't like thin crust then stay away from this place.  It's also COAL FIRED OVEN.  If you don't understand this,, the coal heats at a higher temperature than fire or other means leaving this thin crust cooked crisp with a few chars here and there.  Anyway, I dislike thick crust pizzas because my opinion is the crust can absorb/take away from the flavors on the pizza.  When Grimaldis opened (I actually was a subcontractor for part of the building so I was aware as it was coming into town) I decided to try and I absolutely think it's the best pizza in Vegas minus specialty gourmet pizzas which I give to Metro. The crust in my opinion is great, the fire roasted pepper yummy, the thick pepperoni, sausage extremely flavorful, And get this ,, the few people in here complaining about the cheese IT"S WHOLE SLICED MOZZARELLA.  I don't know if you understand that when a pizza place uses pre shredded cheese it looses some flavor as it has to be preserved  and prevented from hardening and sticking together.  The whole slices of cheese on Grimaldis pizza adds a great effect and provides in my opinion the best flavor the cheese can offer. If you want piles of shredded cheese that starts stretching and stringing as you have to keep pulling it away from you as you try to eat then you won't like Grimaldis.  Basically, IT's all about proportions.  I think Grimaldis has found the best, crust,cheese, sauce proportion for me. I can taste everything without getting full on the first slice.  Also, sign up for their email and get a free large pizza every year for your Birthday,, it's a great deal LOL.If you decide Grimaldis doesn't have the toppings you desire then there's only one other place in vegas and that is Metro.
4	Located in a strip mall, but tucked away enough that the outdoor tables are a pleasant place to sit. The pizzas are very thin crust, cooked in a 1000 degree coal-fired oven. They are nicely charred and used good ingredients. I had fresh garlic and sausage on mine. Sausage was good with a nice fennel taste. Sauce may have been a touch on the sweet side, but not really objectionable. It's in Henderson and feels a world away from the Strip, so it is a good place to take a break from the glitz.
5	DAMN!  Simply the best!  I got a coupon for a free pizza so my lady and I decided to come back on our way out of Vegas this past weekend. We got a small mediteranean salad and a large pepperoni and garlic pizza.  This is perfect pizza in every possible way.  Crispy crust, charred bottom, fresh mozz, savory pepperoni and great garlic.  Just flat out awesome!  Its definitely in the top 5 pizzas I have consumed in my life. If you have never been, please go!  Its by far the best pizza you can get anywhere outside of New York!
4	As soon as you walk in the doors (which were opened for us), the aroma hits your nose and it's wonderful. Walk by the open kitchen and it smells even better. We decided to order their special for the month, a bruschetta pizza. It was a thin crust pizza with just enough cheese, basil, and tomatoes on it. Our waiter recommended drizzling some oil and vinegar on it to enhance the flavors. It really did. The pizza tasted exactly like bruschetta and it was scrumptious.
3	Decent pizza, pretty close in quality to Setabello. Menu has gotten a lot smaller and the price is a little on the high side for pizza. Good service and cozy environment.
4	We went there 2PM for lunch yesterday. The hostess opened the door for us which I found surprisingly nice. I was hoping for a lunch menu, but I was not surprised they only had one menu for lunch and dinner. We ordered 2 coffee and a large pepperoni. My girlfriend doesn't eat a lot, so we had 2 slices left over which we took home. Over all, pizza is very good, crust is a little bit tough for me. Pizza sauce wth fresh basil leaves, cheese and pepperoni are excellent and fresh. Our waitress gave us excellent service by frequent checking and filling our coffee. The end price was about $26 including tip which is not too bad.
5	As a pizza freak, I love a good pie. I really look forward to my infrequent visits to this local hot spot. Bottom line, very thin crust, light on the sauce, a little over priced, but still very well worth the visit & the price. Without a doubt I highly recommend Grimaldi's. The pepperoni & kalmata olives large pizza is my absolute favorite. I have probably gotten 20 people hooked on their pizza & it's turned into a must go to lunch spot for my sales crew. The service is excellent & Vince & Rob do a super job with the staff. My wife though thinks it's highly overrated & would rather have Verrazano's or Villa. What does she know, she's from Missouri & grew up in Vegas.
5	THE ORDER: Cheese & sausage pizza Good old fashion - plain cheese pizza YIIIPPEEE: The pizza was so good      We ended up ordering another 1 & driving it back to LA w us Amazing crust      chewy & crunchy at the same time Light cheese      normally i think more cheese the better      but I'll give them credit for having the perfect balance of toppings Flavorfull sauce.      Just the right amount of tang, spice & salt. Great restaurant design / layout     Bar is completly open to the outside     It's like being outdoors but without the melting 105 degree heatBOOOO: Eat your pizza immediately.       Looses texture when reheating       (reheated in microwave I'm sure it would have been better if we        had done it in the oven) Pizza only       not an italian restaurant       no pasta, lasagna, parmigiana, etc.SUMMARYA darn good New York pizza pie. Come on, we drove one 4 hours home w us. I think that says it all. This will become 1 of our Las Vegas food staples.
4	Disclaimer: Deep dish rules all.  I'll remove them from the equation for this review.So I've had NY pizza before...huge honking slices where folding is not just what the cool kids do, it's necessary to not give yourself a Chelsea grin while eating.  These slices are a bit more manageable in size...and much better tasting, in my opinion.I looked forward to the white pizza we got, but I discovered they really load the ricotta on if that's what you order...and too much ricotta just doesn't sit well with me.  It tasted good, but it felt like my mouth was being stuffed with foam.The mushroom, pepperoni, and sun-dried tomato pizza...now this was par excellence.  Even ignoring that sun-dried tomatoes may be my #1 condiment of all time (even beating out giardiniera), the crust was good, and the light sauce let the toppings shine.Besides the food, we barely waited despite having a big party, and the service was good enough.  Definitely a fun place to go with a large group.
5	Some of the best pies in town, it's a shame they are so far from my house.
1	The pizza here is terrible and the staff was unbelievably, weirdly aloof and rude.  I'm not sure they even realize that they work in a restaurant, that we are your guests and are paying to have a good experience and have fun.  No wonder the place was empty.  Go back to New York and take your coal with you.
4	I'm a native of NYC and have been to the Brooklyn Grimaldi's several times. Yes, it is totally worth the wait on line outside in the cold under the Brooklyn Bridge. And I am so happy that there is one here in Las Vegas! No line!!!They have figured out the water issue by removing and adding minerals so the water is line NYC water, so the dough turns out right. The mozzarella cheese is delish and the space is nice. The cannoli for desert is just right! I think now that we have found a pizza place to get our FIX in Las Vegas we can rest easy and enjoy!
5	When I visited the Brooklyn location, I though it was the best pizza I've ever had--light, crispy, burn marks on the edges, thin disks of mozzerella. Simple oil and tomato sauce allows the quality ingredients to show through. I cannot tell the difference at the Henderson location.The vibe outside on the patio is sublime--sitting in the western sun, eating authentic NYC pizza, drinking a Peroni pitcher and watching my beloved Redskins on a flat screen. Heaven on earth!I tell all my friends visiting from LA that this is a "must do" in Vegas.
4	It was delicious! I loved the thin crust, peppery tomato sauce, and the mouth watering mozzarella. It hit the spot.Got sausage and mushroom for toppings.The one bad thing is all the toppings are a la carte $2 bucks each...unless you get the special of the day.
3	The pizza by itself, would for sure be 5 stars, but the overall experience, wasn't as good as I would have liked.Like I said, pizza was delicious, nice sauce, crunchy, chewy crust, I was in pizza heaven. If they had one near my house, I'd get pizza every week.The restaurant was nearly empty, yet when another couple came in, they sat them at the table right next to us.  My chair was touching the chair of the guy behind me.  I know, they need to squeeze in all the tables they can, but seriously, you have an empty restaurant and you pick to seat them right there?Most of the antipasto was good, the roasted red peppers were excellent, the mozzarella, ok, but the salami was disappointing, it was ok, but was generic, grocery store salami.We had 2 pieces of pizza, and some red peppers, olives and cheese left from the antipasto, so I told the waitress I wanted them to go, and she asked if the same box was ok.  I said yes, thinking the roasted red peppers and cheese would be put on a piece of wax paper or something so they weren't touching the cardboard.  Nope, just plopped right in the cardboard sucking up cardboard taste.  C'mon use a little common sense.If you sign up for their email list, they'll send you a $5 off coupon.
5	Family, Red Rock Canyon, and now Grimaldi's--three reasons I will endure the drive to Vegas.  We couldn't come up with a good reason to drag a baby out to dinner when her bedtime was just minutes away, so my nephew suggested pizza.  He mentioned it was New York pizza, and I expected that generic sort of Ray's slice, dripping with grease, but redolent of home.  Wow, was I impressed!  We had red pepper and onion, and sun-dried tomato and something...I'm not a sun dried tomato fan.   Nephew asked if it had my seal of approval, and I mentioned it tasted like Grimaldi's in Brooklyn.   Then he showed me the box.  I was in heaven.  Only downside was, we were staying at a hotel with no refrigerator that I could cram the leftovers in.  I would have happily had a slice cold, for breakfast the next day.I can't wait for another road trip now!  There's nothing in San Diego that can compare to these pies!
5	I came here with a group of 6 people around 6:30pm on Tuesday night and the place was already pretty packed. Luckily there were a couple of open tables for us, since we didn't have a reservation, which I would recommend if you don't get there early because the line of people waiting for tables got longer and longer while we were there enjoying our meal. In fact when we left around 8pm, there was still a line.We started with your standard pepperoni and sausage pizza, and then we ordered a specialty white pizza (I can't remember the name), which is supposed to taste like a cheese steak. I liked the pepperoni and sausage pizza better than the specialty one. Although it did taste pretty good, I think that there was way too much cheese on top and it made the pizza taste a little dry and marshmallow-y.After finishing two large pizzas, it still was not enough. So we ordered a pesto pizza with chicken and garlic. This pizza tasted really good and had tons of chicken on it and maybe just a little too much pesto. The pizzas here are thin crust, and it's a lot easier to fold each slice to eat it. I really liked that there was a bit of a crunch to the crust.So our waitress was a little too anxious to clear our plates. I think this might be because they were so busy and probably wanted to try to clear the tables quicker so they could seat the people waiting for a table. She did check up on us often to make sure we had enough food and that everything was ok. Now here is where the 5 stars comes in. One of the guys in our group couldn't finish his slice of pizza, so he asked her to box it up for him. As we were about to leave, he asked her if she had the pizza. When she went back to the kitchen to get it, apparently someone had thrown it out instead of boxing it up for our friend. She informed the manager about what happened and the manager offered to either make a personal size pizza for our friend, or give us a complimentary slice of cheesecake.Of course we took the cheesecake and got the plain cheesecake with raspberry sauce and it was heavenly!
5	My boyfriend and I came here on our visit to Vegas. We definitely was not disappointed. We have ate at the Grimaldis under the brooklyn bridge and this was certainly comparable to that. We ordered a large pepperoni pizza and the antipasto. They were both delicious. The service was great and best of all there was no wait. Will definitely come back the next time we are in Vegas.
4	This place ROCKED! I had the huge "personal" calzone for lunch. It was the best I have ever had. The ricotta cheese was perfect, nice and soft, as was the dough. I loved the thick-cut pepperoni and the red sauce was incredible. You lose a star because you serve PEPSI! Why is Las Vegas such a Pepsi town? Pepsi is crap!!!
5	This is my favorite pizza place in Las Vegas. Heck it's my favorite pizza place in the entire southwest. The pizza is delicious. The pepperoni is the best that I have ever had. The cheese is fresh and yummy. The service is always friendly and quick. Yes, it is a bit pricey, but then you are getting some excellent pizza!
4	Very good pizza!  Unfortunately, expect to pay $2-5 for each additional topping you pick.  We did a simple pepperoni and then a "supreme" type pizza.  I have to say, I'm usually one for lots of toppings, but in this case I'd say less is more(in your wallet too).  The "supreme" toppings overshadowed everything--the crust, the sauce, the cheese.  I'll be back to try more of their tasty offerings!
4	Absolutely amazing! The first time I came here was July 2008. A friend and I ventured off the strip to check out this amazing place we have heard about and it definitely lived up to the hype! We came in the mid-afternoon on a Monday and it was only a few other people in the restaurant. All of the staff was very friendly and helpful. We ordered a large pepperoni with a salad.The salad was good but I wasn't really there to eat salad, I was starving and that was just to tie me over until the real food was ready. But it was still yummy.When the pizza came out, I felt like I had died and went to heaven. The fresh mozzarella and basil went perfect with the yummy pepperonis. I am salivating as I write this right now haha...  We had even took two pizzas to take back home with us (nothing like a Vegas road trip with readily available pizza in the back seat when you wanted a snack). We came back a year later and didn't have time to eat-in so we just took some boxes to go. It was just as good as the time before. I'd give this place a 5 if I could, but they don't serve Coke (Pepsi is gross. I love Atlanta b/c Coke is readily available everywhere lol) and I just can't give it the same rating as my all-time favorite pizza (Paisanos in Hermosa Beach), but this place is easily one of my top 5 fave pizzas. I can't wait to come back to Vegas and get some more!
4	Well as a self proclaimed pizza aficionado, this was a very different than usual pizza, but was very good, they use a coal fire oven, to make a very thin crusted, pizza with fresh mozzarella on top giving it that rustic look, the taste was not jaw dropping, but there is something about it that i did really like a lot, and have eaten there a few times now. and will be back..
4	This place serves good food.  We ordered the pepperoni with extra sauce and the mediterranean salad. Delicious. Down side was it was cold by the time we got home. I know it would have been better had we ate it fresh out of the oven. Ah well. Live and learn. I know better for next time. Gotta say the salad was neck and neck with the pizza, which is rare. I'd definitely go back. I'm not going to say it was the best pizza ever but it was good.
4	Having lived in NYC for a few years, I know a little something about pizza.  I was so thrilled to see grimaldi's open in vegas.  It usually is the only reason why I would cross town to the eastside.  But now they have a summerlin location so it's easier to get my fav pizza in town.
5	This was a memorable pizza, the best thin crust I've had.  I tend to lean more towards deep dish but I really liked this pizza.
4	My friends and I found out there was a Grimaldi in Las Vegas and we knew we had to try it. Eating the one in NY, we wanted to know if it measured up.We ordered the large (18inch) with garlic sauce. The dough was actually really good. I was surprised because everyone says the water in NY is what makes the dough is good. However, this crust was actually really good. It was thin and crispy. Very tasty.The sauce was great. The cheese went well with it. The only complaint I have is the pizza is kind of salty. The sausage wasn't very spicy and the pepperoni could've been cooked to be crispier. Minor complaints when you compare it to the NY one. The service was ok. We were served quickly, but the waitress seemed to forget about us and our waters didn't get refilled until we were served the check.The place is clean and nicely lit. Decent decor. There's an outside area
4	Apparently my friends loved this place enough to want to go here AGAIN. We tried the pesto this time with the same toppings. It was less salty thus, I liked it a lot better! We decided to order a half pesto/half white with garlic sauce to eat after the club. I wonder how well this pizza would taste 8 hours after ordering it because I remember the pizza being soggy when I ate it cold in NY. However this pizza held up. Definitely tasted better hot, but it actually held up pretty well eating it cold.We also tried the Bailey cheesecake. It's an amazing dessert. Strongly recommend it if you have extra stomach space. It's still mostly cheesecake with a chocolate crust. It's lightly flavored with Bailey, awesome dessert.
3	Very tasty and a bit expensive but mostly worth it -- unless you want lots of toppings because they charge per topping and it adds up fast.  The pizza was really delicious.  We ordered pepperoni and jalapenos but there were too many jalapenos - close to 10 pieces per slice.  We also ordered a small chicken and artichokes pesto pizza which was good but was really heavily topped with cheese.  Typically a thin crust pizza has fewer toppings than a thicker crust pizza but these were filled with toppings.  The Caesar salad was great, not overly dressed and a small was plenty to split between two people.   Also, a large pizza is 18 inches - so make sure you're hungry!
4	I would give Grimaldi's 5 stars but I can't say its as good as NY pizza but it was pretty damn good! Friends of mine who lived in Vegas wanted to take me to Grimaldi's while I was in town last month. I have to say I was impressed!! We arrived around 6:30pm on a Friday night and it was busy, so busy I thought there would be at least a 20-30 minute wait but I was wrong we got a table right away. Our table was located right in front of the kitchen were the guys were making the pizza's. When I sat down and saw the brick-oven pizza's coming out of the oven I knew I was in for a treat!! They were thin crusted topped with fresh ingredients and a brickoven/coal bottom. We started off with the cold antipasti platter. Italian meats, cheeses, olives and fresh foccacia bread. Your typical cold antipasti platter, you can't go wrong. For dinner we ordered a Large pizza; half with pesto, pepperoni and onions and the other half; tomato sauce, sausage, mushrooms, artichokes and olives. They both were great! I would have to say the tomato, veggies and sausage side was my favorite however I really enjoyed the mini peperoni's that were on the other size, usually its large slices of pepperoni. Grimaldi's also has a great wine selection. Since my friends are regulars the server was kind enough to offer me help on selecting a glass of white wine and even brought me out a few samples! The restaurant is a fun, casual atmosphere with bar half inside and half outside with outside seating. Perfect for a warm but cool Vegas night! I would definitely recommend checking this place out!
4	4.5 Stars. This place is the best pizza I have found in Las Vegas so far. Tried other yelp recommended places and they fell short. Great thin crust and salads are fresh. The price is not cheap but not expensive either, one note is expect to wait if you come for dinner and come after 5:30. Worth the wait in my opinion though.
5	Pizza pizza!  From service to food to atmosphere, this pizza joint is simply the perfect way to end the work week in LV. Food: Pizzas definitely belong in coal brick-ovens!  -Pizza: Crunchy smokey thin crust pizza with delicious fresh mozzarella. The topping choices are endless. We went with sundried tomatoes, kalamata olives, extra basil, and mushrooms. Since the large size was only $2 more than the small size, we got the large and ate pizza all weekend. ;)  -Caesar Salad: I love Caesar salads. I order them everywhere I go. This one was perfect. Fresh romaine. Shredded parmesan. Smokey croutons. Tangy creamy Caesar dressing. Portions are huge. Small salad was more than enough for two.  -House Salad: Felt like we made a trip to the Mediterranean salad bar. Tomatoes, roasted red pepper, mushrooms, olives in vinaigrette dressing. Not bad.-Beer: Blue Moon or Stella on tap go oh so well with pizza. Don't get the house wines, they're not very good.Service: We've sat at both the tables and the bar. Service is stellar either way. Waiters/bartenders are friendly. Food comes out fast. They check in with us just enough. What more can you ask for?Atmosphere: This restaurant is especially great on a warm summer evening with a big outdoor patio. The bar is also a great place to watch the game. Parking: The only knock against this place is that the parking lot in this plaza sucks. Half the lot is reserved by Enterprise Rent-A-Car. Lame. So as soon as you pull into the lot, keep an eye out for parking.
4	I love thin crust pizza. Grimaldi's is decent NY style thin crust pizza. I like their sausage pizza. This place does not mess around. All they serve is pizza and salad. This review is just for the food. . A bit on the expensive side but worth it, I guess. You have to eat it ho fresh from the oven. Getting it "to go'  is not the same as eating it there.
4	The pizza here is great, very thin crust fresh ingredients, not greasy at all.
5	There must be something about the coal fired oven that gives the crust that amazing char and crispness that cannot be duplicated Unfortunately coal ovens are illegal in my hood, SoCal, so us Angelenos can never sample true East Coast style thin crust pizza. Fortunately, Vegas is only a short trip away, and Grimaldi's is the place to get your fix! On our last trip to Vegas, I split a pie with my brother for lunch, sausage and mushroom. Toppings were good, but what I really dug was the cheese, slices of fresh mozzarella laid on top of the pie, comparable to Lombardi's in Manhattan. Sauce was good, and lastly, the crust had the authentic, coal fired char that makes the pie really stand out. My favorite pizza in Sin City and I can honestly say that I've sampled nothing in California that quite matches up to Patsy's.
5	Grimaldi's is my favorite place for pizza. The coal-fired brick oven makes a huge difference in the way the pizza tastes. Pizzas made at Grimaldi's are thin (my favorite kind) and they use large slices of mozzarella cheese, the best tasting pizza sauce (just the right amount of tomato, salt, and spices), and whatever toppings you prefer. I also order a delicious caesar salad with my meal every time. Every bite is like a piece of heaven in your mouth. Even pizza leftovers the next day taste awesome! I fancy the bar layout because it has two sides, one inside and one outside for the patio. I had a house wine once, which was tasty. More recently, I order the Honeymoon beer draft, which I have yet to find elsewhere. Lots of drink selections are available, including some draft beers from local breweries. The service here has been tremendous lately. I used to dislike the young and snotty hostesses, but I haven't seen them in months (hmm, i wonder why lol). The bartender was very friendly and social. She even let me try some draft beer from a local brewery. Its about a 10 minute drive from my place, so I often go there more times than I should! They don't deliver, but take-out ordering is a painless procedure done at the cashier located at the bar. This place is hype-worthy. I've even gotten my g/f and parents hooked on Grimaldi's!
1	OK, so I was talking up Grimaldi's given I visited the one under the Brooklyn Bridge last summer and was blown away by their pizza. A buddy of mine from back east (Philly) was visiting and I told him that there's a Grimaldi's off Eastern and 215 in Las Vegas. We visited the place last night around 5:30PM.We ordered an 18" light sauce pizza with extra cheese, pepperoni and mushrooms. We waited 15 minutes and the pie appeared. We were starving so we dug in. My bud says..."so where's the extra chesse"? and he was right. Not only was there NO extra cheese, there practically NO cheese on the pizza. I called over our waitress she brought over the order slip and sure enough she ordered extra cheese/light sauce. English must be a second language for the oven/kitchen staff. Our waitress sent over the Manager and he apologized and said ...."don't worry, I'll take care of this" while holding the bill. We said great! We tipped our waitress and started to walk out when the Manager said...oh, wait guys, you still have to pay for half of the pie.Will somebody PLEASE tell this guy when you say...."I'm gonna take care of this (bill)" it means the whole bill ......not HALF.We did get a $5 voucher for a future visit and so I will return and hope for a better outcome.July 3rd UPDATE!!! Visited the Grimaldi's on Rampart; tried to use the $5 voucher, and.......wait for it.......the voucher date expired three months ago. Yup, the manager gave us an expired voucher. All in all I'm gonna pass on any Grimaldi's Pizza in Las Vegas and wait until I get back to Brooklyn.
5	This place is one of the reasons why I go to Vegas. Seriously!
5	I fell in love with this restaurant! Super yummy pizza, friendly staff and management! Way to go Grimaldis!
5	Best pizza in town or the world for that matter!!!!!  One visit and your hooked....
4	small pizza was like a medium at other places. it was divided into 6 slices evenly. the pizza crust was delicious - thin and lightly burnt - just the way i like it!! got the pepperoni and mushroom toppings - i like the pepperoni, it was different and tasted really good. the pizza had the perfect amount of sauce, service was good. I like the atmosphere of there restaurant and that you can see two pizza guys tossing the pizza dough - that was amusing to watch.next time, i'll ask for extra basil!
4	Can't believe this place hasn't gotten more reviews, but I'm here to support. This also gets posted on Facebook so that I can promote it. I would give this place 5-stars just for food. I'll be honest about that. The 1 star deduction is just for price. It is quite pricey to get the perfect pizza. Which is probably what I got. We got a tip from the local to get extra sauce, extra cheese, and fresh garlic. I'll tell you right now each of those items are 2$ a piece. Me and 3 other friends got a large which I think is an 18" pizza, we all picked a topping and added the 3 mentioned above, one already being my friend's aloof choice, one added mushroom, another added pepporoni, and I added ricotta cheese (which I think helped make the pizza that good hehe). The pizza itself was 16$ I think, but add 12$ in added-ons, and there ya go 28$ but it was pretty damn good. I have to honestly say it was one of the best pizzas I've ever had. I've had my share of the mom and pop joints, hell I love em' but this place is just great. The crust perfectly wood oven baked, the amount of each ingredient was perfect, but still curious if we ordered extra cheese and extra sauce, I didn't feel like there was extra anything hehe, but otherwise a great pizza, and wouldn't mind coming back here again.
4	Looking for the best thin crust pizza in town? Lucky for you I found it for you already! Grimaldi's is a MUST try. The food is always awesome and the atmosphere is great. They even have outdoor bar seating that overlooks the entire resturaunt. Very cool.Positives:1)Awesome Pizza2)Amazing home-made cheesecake (2nd best I have found in town)3) Great location and atmosphere4)Wicked crust (chewy and cruchy and thin at the same time...awesome)Bummers1)It is kind of pricey. We got a large 3 topping pizza for $28 bucks. Its no pizzahut price, thats for sure! But you pay for what you get2)Sometimes the hostesses can be a little standoff-ish but the bartenders and servers are always great!Soooo, what's for dinner now yo...Pizza anyone??
4	Great place for lunch or dinner Grimaldi's thin crust coal brick oven pizza is awesome.
4	I ate here back in December.  I love the pizza and salads here.  Absolutely delicious!!!  Try the one in Brooklyn, NY.
4	So I have had the distinct pleasure of having eaten at the original Grimaldi's in Brooklyn many times. As far as that goes...hands down the best pizza on earth. I have traveled extensively thru Italy and Spain and as a kid my parents owned a pizza joint. I feel like I have a pretty good palate for picking a winner.Which brings us to Grimaldi's Las Vegas. I have visited this location a handful of times and only today realized that I really like this place. As other reviewers mentioned, it's not particularly cheap. You can't get great pizza for Pizza Hut prices. Today I also realized that the service there is really good. I also appreciate they carry Lavazza coffee and when they refill your cup they bring you a whole new fresh cup from the kitchen instead of just "topping you off". The people seem genuinely friendly and the place is very clean and open. I see a lot of families there having a nice meal which is great to see these days. Next time you want a good pie with quality ingredients, give them a whirl. Plus let's face it $25 for a large pizza isn't the most expensive meal you're ever going to have!
5	HOLY CRAP.  pesto chicken is to die.  my son.. doesn't eat anything but cheese, but LOVES the pesto chicken. the last time me an my kids went for my husbands birthday when he was out of town on business, our waiter recommended we add mushrooms and it made it even that much more great.  the service is very friendly.. love Grimaldis! I can't rate any other kind of pizza cause all I've had is the chicken pesto..oh! caesar salad is also very delish.. 1 order is good for like 3 ppl. also! it gets packed so be prepared if there's a wait.  not sure if they take reservations.. but if they do.. make one!
5	Still the best!  I came here straight from the airport and decided to try out a new combo.  I got a personal sausage and onion pie.  Great flavors!  Friendly staff and great pizza as always!  I need a teleportation device so I can go to the different Grimaldis across the US whenever I want.  If I am ever in a city that has one, it is a must do!
4	It's all about New York style pizza. Deep dish is so overrated. For me, pizza is all about the crust and Grimaldi's did a great job of baking the pizza to the right crispiness. Out of the many things we ordered, my favorite was the Mushroom Chicken. The sauce had a great flavor and the cheese was so fresh it made me want to punch babies. The white sauce pizza was good but it didn't have enough flavor for me. I still ate a bunch of slices though. Our server was really nice and attentive. Good food, good service, good times.
4	Loved it!I was so disappointed when I wasn't able to try Grimaldi's when I was out in NY, and pleasantly surprised to learn that there was one right in Vegas!  It's a bit far off the strip (closer to South Point), but I think it's worth the drive.This NY style pizzeria is delish.  The crust was thin and crispy, just the way I like it!  And they offer a red AND a white (garlic) sauce; I think both are definitely worth a taste.  Their salads were OK, but a good combination with the pizza.Great service, great prices, great food.  I'll be back!
4	I've been looking for a Las Vegas pizza equivalent of the San Francisco Bay Area's Amici's. Grimaldi's comes close. The pizza is made with a relatively thin crust, but it could be thinner. The brick oven definitely helps improve crust quality. Pizza was topped by a high-quality pepperoni. Service was friendly and efficient. Great dessert too, loved my chocolate cheesecake. :P Only disappointment: their crushed red pepper is not hot enough.
5	A year and half after my original review, this place is still a consistent 5 star experience every time I go. I make sure to hit it up every time we're in Vegas, even if its just to grab a pizza for the road to eat later. I've also tried the Summerlin location once and it was just as good. I love this pizza every time I have it and I crave it when I'm in Cali and can't have it. I don't know what they do that makes it so good but I'm absolutely addicted!
5	Two words. WHITE SAUCE. HOLY HELL!Never had such great flavored sauce in my entire life. NY style thin crust that even true blooded new yorkers swear by, the salad was good but that really wasn't what I was there for. We ordered two pies, one white sauce and one red. WE knew it was entirely too much food but we didn't care. We were there to eat and to eat good. We walked out after the most delicious pizza and smiled the whole car ride home. They deliver, they have a nice bar, they have friendly staff and decent beer selection on tap.
5	Very good food! The pizza is so good!! It's not oily & it taste like high quality pizza. The staff is very friendly. Nice outdoor bar. Nice location. Next to lots of shopping. Kinda pricey but worth it.
5	The best pizza !!!!Service Sucked. . .  Service I would give only 2 stars.
5	Wow what a kick ass pizza joint for a chain. Mind you the chain is based on the original that is in Brooklyn under the bridge. Coal Fired Oven pizza, I am now a true fan. The crust, oh the crust, how many ways can you melt in my mouth. It is different enough from regular pizza that is worth the price of admission. Do yourself a favor, no shut up and listen. Get in your car, drive to Grimaldi's (if you are lucky to have one close) and go enjoy a slice of heaven.
2	Went to Grimaldi's because of the high marks in Yelp. On vacation with relatives, we went in with a party of 13 including a 6-year-old, two 4-year-olds, and a 1-year-old. Found out pretty quickly Grimaldi's isn't the best pizza place for young kids or parents with young kids. The place is kind of intimate (i.e., small). So when you sit, the back of your chair slams up against your neighbor's. So, because we had little kids, we spent the entire time sitting down, getting up, banging neighbors, apologizing - repeat till fed up.Asked for a kid menu - "no." Asked if they had mac and cheese, or spaghetti with tomato sauce, or buttered pasta - "no, only pizza." Asked if they had a vegetarian pizza, or a "Hawaiian" pizza, or a BBQ chicken pizza - "uhhh, yeah, we don't have that." WTH?The left side of their menu is pizza. The right side of their menu is salad. There is no other side. And they don't have combinations. They have ingredients and you pick what you want. And as each ingredient is around $3 bucks, if you want a "vegetarian", tack on  an extra $30!!! So, $46 for a large vegetarian pizza. Again, WTH?We ordered a pizza with red sauce and extra cheese for the kids, and a pizza with red sauce, tomatoes and basil, and a pizza with white sauce, fresh garlic, and mushroom for the adults. The red sauce pizzas were kind of bleh - very little sauce and only spots of cheese. Literally. Spots. Of. Cheese. If you're looking for a pizza covered, smothered, and dripping with yummy melting cheese (and we ordered extra cheese, remember?), what we received was not it. Not even close. Picture this: a pizza with a small to medium amount of pepperoni. Now replace the pepperoni with cheese. That's the Grimaldi's "extra cheese" pizza! hahaThe white sauce pizza, with mushrooms, on the other hand, was a different story. The white sauce itself was like an excellent alfredo sauce, with butter, and parmesan, and tons of garlic. And, unlike the red sauce, they actually put a decent amount of it on the pizza. The white sauce pizza was that pizza where you can't wait for one of your friends to try it just so they can tell you, "yes, you're right, that's fricken' amazing." It was one of the best pizzas I'd ever tasted.If we lived closer, my wife and I would go to Grimaldi's and, with a white sauce pizza with a couple beers, we'd be in heaven. Going in there with a party of 13, four of them little ones, and with it being a not-so-kid-friendly establishment, this was more like hell.
5	Love the pizza here, and the atmostphere is open and they have outside dining.  We enjoy chilling at the bar with the friendly bartender Anthony, you can people watch and relax.
4	Craving a slice of NY pizza and you live in Vegas? I think we all agree, this place is IT!  Some may complain it's too far from the strip or from Summerlin. Trust me, it's worth the drive. Why didn't I give it a 5 star? Because, I've had NY pizza and nothing comes close to that. Go get yourself a slice.And if you don't care what your thighs will say after you've devoured a pint of creamy ice cream then head on over next door...(I don't remember the name). They have great lucious creamy ice cream. yum!
5	I have eaten here many many times since I moved to Las Vegas.  Hands-down this is my favorite pizza in town.  I always bring out-of-town guests here because I think the food is great and different from most pizza places.  This place is not close to where I live but I go out of my way to get pizza here and it's worth it.Last night, the BF and I were meeting his aunt and uncle on that side of town, so I kindly offered to bring over some Grimaldi's. Yeah!  Pretty much always order the same thing, but last night I skipped the mediterannean sald I normally order and got two pizzas:1. mush, meatball, kalmata olives2. sundried tomatoes, pepperoni, kalmata olivesSeriously, if you like kalmata olives, make sure you get some on your pizza.  Before Grimaldi's I had never had them on a pizza.  Now I'm addicted.I've tried the white pizza, but I'm not a fan of alfredo.  The pesto sauce is excellent, but I like red sauce on my pizzas.  I haven't even mentioned the staff.  Everyone is really cool and friendly.  I would probably still come here if the staff were a-holes, but fortunately, they're not!
5	As a New Yorker who has experienced incredible pizza in NY, New Haven CT (an Italian community claiming to have invented the brick oven pizza and their pizza is truly exceptional) Chicago and LA...I love Grimaldis.  The pizza is thin crusted, perfectly cooked, great sauce and fresh ingredients.You can NEVER go wrong with Grimaldi's.  And the service...5 out of 5 stars!  I would say it is the best Pizza in LV.  I recently took a friend of mine who has lived in LV for 30 years, and he completely agreed and is hooked.
5	I'm in LV on my honeymoon from SoCal and I remembered hearing about a awesome pizza place near Henderson 10 from the strip. We ordered the white garlic pizza w/ pepperoni and mushroom. This was hands down the BEST pizza I have ever had in my 32 yrs on this earth. Yelpers please try this place and get what I ordered because it rocked my tastebuds. Pizza 5 starsCeasar salad 5 starsCheese cake 5 starsService 5 starsGrimaldi's deserves 20 stars.
4	I only came here because I tried the original Grimaldi's location in Brooklyn, NY. (see review)  Since I cannot afford to fly to NY at a whim, Vegas is a little closer to home. Although, Grimaldi's isn't exactly in Vegas but it is worth the drive when visiting.The biggest advantage to visiting the Vegas location versus Brooklyn is space.  This restaurant is much larger and therefore, no wait time.  The downside is slow service once seated.  You also do not have that 'authentic' down-home feel like the Grimaldi's in BK.  The ambiance is like any other pizza joint, nothing special and nothing unique.There's nothing like the original but the white pie here was still pretty damn good.  Don't forget to add sun-dried tomatoes.  And if you have room left, try the cannoli. Some people like fast food for the 'cheap' deals so if you prefer to stick to the dollar menus or have Domino's just to save a few bucks then keep it moving.  Grimaldi's isn't your cheap or even average-priced pizza.  It is worth the extra $ so treat yourself sometime!4 STARS for this location5 STARS for the original location - must try but beware of the long line!
5	Pure unaltered, delicate, deliciousness.I am a fan of this and wish I would come back more frequently. It is a create your own style and you are charged for each topping, so this could get a little pricey, but it is well worth it, more than you know!! My favorites:Caprese salad: perfect and simple. This restaurant does not try to reinvent the wheel on this dish.Pizza: The standard thin crust that is perfectly baked in their coal ovens... get a piece with a pizza bubble on it!! I love the just-charred bits on here.. I usually get pesto with chicken. So light and flavorful. Its a carnival for your tastebuds, and texturebuds!Dessert: Cheesecake and cannolisI don't want to write too much on these dishes because they are what we have all had before, but Grimaldi's keeps it simple which makes there food SO GOOD. I am not an advocate for the "true NY style pizza," and frankly, I don't believe in it, but this is the besssstt pizza:]
5	What an impeccable dining experience my family had on a whim.  We just got to LV from LA and asked a local at the first exit in Vegas what's good around for Pizza.  We were pointed a couple miles off I-15 to this gem.  They do it up in a coal-brick fired oven.  Very good pie on a crispy thin crust.  Pepperoni's, cheese, and sauce were all very fresh.  The service was the best I have ever had from any restaurant including any 4-5 star expensive "Morton's" type places.  Restaurant was full but they managed to set up a table for our tired fam of four within 5 minutes.  Food and drink were quick.  They checked in on us a couple of times including management.  Just simply a perfect dining experience that I don't think I could re-create.  We felt like high rollers in a suburban area of Vegas.  Incredible!
5	The best NY style thin crust pizza I've had in awhile. The pizza is cooked over a coal fire so it has this awesome smokey crispy taste that is perfection. We tried their white garlic sauce which was so delicious! Even my friend who claims she hates white sauce loved it! We started off the meal with the Grimaldi house salad which comes with a very light vinegrette. Awesome salad to start the meal. So overall, this place is AMAZING! You have to come try it. The crust is just to die for, and the white sauce is perfect. It wasn't too overpowerful or too creamy. A MUST!
4	I was so enthralled to find there was a Grimaldi's close to me.  By close I mean LA to LV.  At least I don't have to go to Brooklyn.  Let's start right off the bat by answering the big question - is it just as good here as the location  in Brooklyn?No.Having said that, it is still one of the best pizza places around.  I don't have to wait in line for a ridiculous hour to two, and the space is large and clean.  For some reason, the ingredients are not the same.  I think it is because of how Grimaldi's franchises have to deal with transportation of ingredients.  The cheese does not have the creaminess and doesn't pull out in long stringy webs like it should.  Even though the cheese does come from Grimaldi's special ordered, it is clearly different than the one they use in Brooklyn.  The sauce is still good but does not taste as fresh as Brooklyn's.  It is less salty and metallic than other pizza joints and resembles Prego spaghetti sauce rather than Ragu.  This is probably attributed to the fact that ingredient composition must be altered in order to preserve freshness during transportation.I know they tout online that they replicate NY tap water, but it is just purified water.  NY tap water tastes good because it comes from mtn spring and not artesian well water or river/reservoir like here.  Hence, there are much less dissolved solids and you get a cleaner taste.Prices can be a bit high when comparing to other franchises, but definitely worth it.  We ordered jalapeno on half and sausage on the other.  The jalapenos they use here kick ass.  They are so hot, not wimpy like most places.  Sausage was decent, but a sort of run-of-the-mill.  Didn't stand out for me. I will make this place a go-to spot anytime I am here in Vegas.
3	Decent pizza for those who like very thin, minimalist pizza.  Not being a New York pizza fanatic, I prefer more thick crust and cheese -- like Ray's in Manhattan.  The Greek salad was quite good and the price is OK too.
5	My favorite pizza in Las Vegas bar none.It's thin crust and not too oily.  I recommend just the pepperoni pizza. Don't get crazy with too many toppings, that just ruins it and makes it soggy. It's delicious, just the way it is. Simple. and good.
4	People that know me know that I am really not a huge fan of pizza so, I went to Grimaldi's not expecting much because it is always the same. Wow I was wrong here. Great thin crispy but not too crunchy crunch with great wood fired taste. Very good.
5	Wow, the bf is right, I'm hooked on Grimaldi's!  We went for dinner last night and everything was perfect, the food, weather, ambiance!We ordered a small caesar salad to share, yes share, yes a small ($7).  A perfect portion for two.  The dressing was zesty, ample, and quite addicting.  The croutons were fresh, large, and crispy (but not jaw breaking).  The lettuce was fresh and green.  The parmesan was good but the stuff that was factory shredded, not freshly shaved.  I'm a sucker for freshly shaved parm, you know the stuff that resembles potato chips.  Regardless, the bf will be picking up a random caesar salad after work for me to chow down on.The pizza was quite delightful!  Their crust is thin and flaky with very good flavor.  Their sauce gets two thumbs up for not being overpowering or chunky, like some of these pizza joints tend to get a little over zealous about.  And the cheese, oh the cheese...it's freshly made mozzarella!  Each pizza gets thin slices of this freshly made mozzarella!  Therefore, when your pizza is presented, it almost glows because the mozzarella is a beautifully brilliant white!  Grimaldi's uses some delicious toppings too, if you so choose to garnish your pie.  Instead of the traditional size pepperonis, they use miniature sized ones.  I think it makes the pepperoni pie easier to eat, but that's just my opinion.The ambiance of the Eastern Ave. Grimaldi's is quite charming, even for being in a strip mall.  We here in Las Vegas are lucky to have such beautiful weather pretty much year round, therefore open air bistros like Grimaldi's are a gem on such gorgeous days/nights.  The layout of the restaurant is well-thought out.  Their bar is two-sided.  One side being for the patio, and the other side for the indoor bistro--kind of ingenious!  Let it be known, the bar does have draught beer on tap (Peroni, Blue Moon, Blue Moon Pumpkin, and a few others).  The wine menu is geared more towards everyday wines (most bottles under $50).  They have an assortment of reds, whites, blushes available by the glass and bottle.   Liquorwise, they are limited to basics, Bombay Sapphire, Three Olives Vodka, 1800, J.W. Black Label, Jack, etc.  So just remember when you order your cocktail, this is NOT an ultra lounge.  So don't be a snob just because they may not carry your favorite liquor, suck it up and try something different!I had a blast at Grimaldi's, not because of the bottle of Riesling or bottle of Pinot Noir, but because of being surrounded by good food, good ambiance, good service, and great company!
5	BY FAR the BEST PIZZA in Vegas! They even managed to maintain great service with 2 four year olds at the table and gave them pizza dough to play with.
4	I love thin-crust pizza, I love fine cheese, and I love Grimaldi's.Vegas is not known for having great pizza, especially off the strip, which is why it's to the fortune of Vegas diners that we have an authentic pizza import from Brooklyn.I'm a fan of crispy crust with a coal brick-oven toasty taste, thus Grimaldi's crust is probably one of my favorite.  The house sauce is flavorful, not overwhelming.  For a treat, I always order the pesto sauce, which tastes of fresh basil every time.  Their meaty toppings (sausage, pepperoni, etc.) are very good so if you are a traditional pizza eater, I suggest the sausage with roasted sweet peppers.  The only drawback is: toppings are $2-$4 each so the price can stack up quickly for a regular-ingredients pie.However, if you're in the mood for a different palette, order the pesto sauce with ricotta, sun-dried tomatoes, and grilled chicken.  I find that this combination puts together an absolutely delicious gourmet pizza seldom found elsewhere.  Fresh basil pesto, slightly sweet & lavish ricotta, top-quality sun-dried tomatoes, and tender grilled chicken always win me over at first bite.
3	Did I like this place? yes and no. I came here with my husband, three children, two sisters, a niece, a nephew, and two brothers-in-law. I thought the food was pretty good, except for the fact that there was clearly a cheese shortage. Ordering extra cheese wasn't enough. I suppose you would have to order extra, extra, extra cheese if you wanted to actually taste the cheese on your pizza. Oh well, the flavor was good. The white pizza with garlic and mushrooms was excellent. Wow, I would definitely order that again. Here's the problem with the place - it was REALLY uncomfortable. First of all, when we arrived they made us stand at the front with a bunch of young children until every single person in our party arrived. That policy is extremely irritating for people with young children or elderly in the group. There really wasn't a good place to sit and wait, but we did our best crammed in by the front door. Once everyone arrived, they brought us to our table. That's when things got worse. The table was REALLY bad. We were so crammed in that we could barely move. I dreaded each time that a child had to go to the bathroom, or that I had to stand up to do something. I must have banged into the people behind me ten times. I know that table hated me, but come on, I wear a size 4 -- I should be able to stand up to do something briefly and sit down without shoving my behind in anyone's face. That's not asking for too much room. To my dismay, most of the time I banged the chairs at adjacent tables, and found myself apologizing over and over throughout dinner. I was tempted to stand up and just move our entire table, but thought that would make a scene, so I didn't. The food was pretty good. The atmosphere was terrible. I might come here again with just one friend, but I would be careful when agreeing to sit at a particular dining table. Decent food, but an uncomfortable dining experience.
4	Grimaldi's in Vegas? Much closer than NY =)We got half red and half white with italian sausage and mushrooms. Love the thin crust! My favorite was the white pizza because the garlic really brought out the flavors. The italian sausage reminded me more of mini meatballs than actual sausage. Just a note, the "Personal" pizza is quite large. It's actually six decent sized slices from the usual 4 mini slices that I've seen at other pizza joints. It made a good light lunch for two. This isn't one of those cheap $2 a slice pizza joints. Come here for a good NY style pizza. Can't wait to come back and try something else.
5	Also, if you're a regular at Grimaldi's don't forget to sign up for their Newsletter and Birthday Club.  You'll get a free one-topping large pizza on your birthday. What a deal!
4	Holy cow, most unreal and amazing pizza I have ever had in Vegas!!!
5	I had been in search of the greatest pizza in Las Vegas and found it! Great thin crust perfectly crisp, and the pepperoni is actually to die for. I've never said that before about pepperoni. The only problem is that it's usually pretty busy, but it's worth the wait.
4	Excellent thin crust Brooklyn style pizza
5	Okay, let's just get this out of the way right now - Grimaldi's is not New York style pizza. I know, Brooklyn Bridge, brick oven, yadda yadda.But the style of pizza that they cook here is much closer in spirit to the artisan/VPN style pies than to the floppy, foldable slices that to me characterize New York pizza.Until I discovered Settebello (and honestly, not until my second Settebello visit), I thought this was the best pizza that the Las Vegas valley had to offer.Why? Ingredient quality.One reason that Grimaldi's maintains as much share of my pizza eating as it does, in the face of Settebello's competition, is the fact that Settebello does not serve pepperoni, while the pepperoni you will find on a Grimaldi's pizza may well be the best damn pepperoni on earth. It's organic, and while I've never really a drinker of the organic Kool-Aid, when you taste this pepperoni, you'll wonder what the hell you've been eating all your life.The sauce is basic, clean of flavor and just the right consistency. The crust is the best part of a Grimaldi's pizza, with that charcoal essence bringing out the flavor of the other ingredients, including fresh buffalo mozzarella that practically melts in your mouth.Oh, and one last thing. The garlic powder that they offer as a seasoning isn't the granulated garlic that you typically find on grocery store shelves, it is a much finer grind, almost a real powder that actually seems to soak up the grease on top of a slice. I would love to know where I can get a bottle of this super-fine grind garlic. Anybody?
4	Grimaldi's is definitely one of my go-tos in the area. It falls into the "night out" category for me instead of the "pizza to go" category. The ambiance inside is nice and the service is pretty good, so you feel ok sitting in there and hanging out for a while with a couple beers and a pie, unlike, say, Giovanni's up the road. Main point: I really like the pizza. Nice thin crust, so you don't feel like you're taking in 3000 calories (I'm not saying you're not....you may be...it just doesn't feel like it). The cheese is (I think) mozzarella, so it has a really good flavor that is different from your typical take out place. All the toppings are really good and seem pretty high quality.The side salads are also really good. One star off for the high prices and (like others have noted) the fact that you can't order a specialty pizza. Instead, you have to get a large ($18 for cheese I think) and then add on your toppings at $2-4 each. If you get 4 or 5 toppings, you're looking at like $30+ for a pizza. But hey, that's another reason why I say this is a "night out" place and not a "pizza to go" place.
5	Wow. That has to have been the BEST pizza I've ever had. We ordered two pizzas, one margarita and one with sun dried tomatoes, sausage, and meatballs. Both were spectacular. The crust was thin and crispy, with just the right amount of sauce to cheese ratio. The toppings tasted extremely fresh and the pizza was not oily. I'm one of those people who dab the pizza with a napkin if I see oil on it, but this time I didn't have to! They use a coal oven to cook their pizzas, which results in a very crispy crust. I heard they take Las Vegas water, purify it, and turn it in to the same composition as NY water for their pizza dough. I'm not sure if that's their secret or the oven, but it was delicious! After eating tons of pizza we were stuffed but....we decided to order dessert! And boy, were we not disappointed. We split a cannoli and yum it was delicious. The exterior shell was crisp, as if it was just stuffed! The filling was creamy and sweet, but not too sweet. The atmosphere was very pleasant, and the service was wonderful and attentive. The parking was also great. Since it's in a shopping mall area, there are a ton of spots. Plus, after eating about half a large pizza each (8 big slices in a large pizza) we were able to go shopping!
4	I love the pizza here. The jalapenos here are hotter than usual normal.
5	paper thin crust pizza! I recommend the white pizza and don't go overboard with the toppings, the garlic and cheese in the crust brings out a lot of flavor ,maybe just some onions mushroom and chicken (the way I like it) is the way to go!  woohooo!  * I start with the caprese salad, good enough for 2 people, luckily the bf doesn't like caprese so more for me!
5	If you read any of my other reviews, you will notice I frequent NY a lot.  This is the closest thing in Vegas you are going to find to NY pizza.  Henderson locals argue over Settebello and Grimaldi's for top pizza.   Settebello is very unique and great too.  It's not Grimaldi's, which is very similar to Lombardi's in NY.  Grimaldi's is in NY too.  They've come close to maintaining the NY quality 3,000 miles away.  It's not NY but its as close as you will get in Southern Nevada.
4	There is one pizza here I love  - the white pizza with garlic, with 2 toppings - pesto and ricotta cheese! May sound like a strange combo but it is phenomenal! The antipasto salad is also good - with mozzarella, oven roasted sweet red peppers, Genoa salami, olives, and bread. What I think is weird about this place is they don't have garlic bread. They do have a nice selection of beer and wine. The price isn't that fantastic, and the crust is too done, but I will be going back for my favorite pizza!
2	I am not a huge fan of this place. I feel it is all hype. Seriously. The pies I have tried were average and taste and everything is above average in price. The restaurant itself is warm and inviting with brick walls and red and white checkered table clothes, but it feels like a scam when they bring out the pies and then the inflated bill. At least I was with good friends this night.The food is nothing to write home about at all. I've had the antipasto salad which was ordinary. The white pizza with garlic and sausage and onions as toppings. Please tell me I am not the only one who feels these pies are dry? I'm not an extra sauce kind of girl, but we have always had to ask for a side of sauce with the pizza. Sausage is tasty. I will give them kudos for that. I've also had pizza with red sauce and sausage. It still seemed sauce deficient. Bread basket? It might as well be Wonder Bread. It was lacking in freshness, flavor and flare. They get two stars for serving booze and for decent service. That's it. I'd rather microwave Totinos Pizza Rolls in the comfort of my own home than be seen at Grimaldi's again.
5	A little pricey for pizza, but the coal oven doesn't run for free and with its unique taste, it's totally worth it. Great decor and a friendly staff make for a great dinner.
5	if you like thin crust new york style pizza this place is the best! we have been here multiple times and have always had good service and the food is always consistent and very good. the first time i even left my credit card there, went back the next day and they had it there waiting for me! try the white pizza it is awesome. even my kid, the pickiest eater in the world asks to go have pizza here.
2	Pizza was good. It really was. Metro is still the best in town. It wasn't the best I've ever had. Will my life be less fulfilling if I never eat this pizza again? No. While the pizza was good and maybe even great, the service was terrible. Our waitress was so rude. It was no secret she did not want to be there. The rest of the staff was smiling and appeared to be happy. But our waitress was short, and visibly disturbed when she saw our glasses were empty as if she were appaled we had the nerve to drink! And when I asked for a clean plate for my pizza as my plate was full of dressing from the salad and when she offered us cheese and we said yes, she never came back with the palte or the cheese.Most likely will not return or recommend to anyone.
5	So, we usually go to the Boca Park location... We even saw Flaver Flav there once, not sure what that means... Anyway, food at both locations is amazing.  Don't over do it with the toppings and your pizza will be legit.  I recomend Peperoni and Jalepeno, or fresh tomato and artichoke if you're a no meat person.Getting to why this location gets 5 stars... We sat at the bar to catch the playoff game, and had one of the best customer service experiences ever.  Tracy, the bartender, was rad!  She subtly began talking with us after she got us some beers and took our order.  Through casual conversation Tracy was able to identify what things we had in common and have genuine and engaging interaction with us.  After an hour or so of beers, pizza, and great service we had to go, but I would make the trip from Summerlin again for the same experience.Thanks Tracy!
4	I opened up the restaurant with the opening crew three years ago.  I started as a bartender there.  So Grimaldi's, to me, is more than just another pizza joint.  Grimaldi's is what true Italian cuisine is all about.  Stated simply, ingredients.  Use ingredients that are the best and in season in your region and you will have wonderful results.  Unfortunately, we are in the middle of the desert where nothing fun to eat grows.  Luckily, everyone ships to Vegas.  When something is so simple as dough, cheese and sauce, the ingredients have to be the best.  Grimaldi's has a supplier from Italy that imports their tomatoes for them; they even use bottled water to make their dough.  I would think that pizza made from Vegas water would have to be subpar.  We have the worst water I've tasted in the states.  Their toppings, ranging from the pepperoni to the Ricotta cheeses, are all superior to any I've tasted in town.   The artist who sculpts the pie also makes a huge difference.  The dough is hand tossed.  I loved watching the head pizza maker, at the time, dance the dough on his finger tips.  His pies were, by far, superior to pies made from some of the other pie makers.  The artist turns the pie while it's in the oven, moving it closer or further from the coals.  This helps to ensure a tasty crust.  There have been a few times when I've eaten there and the pie was delicious with a flaky crusty crust.  There have been other times when the pie was undercooked for my liking and not as crispy.  But, overall, an excellent pie with gourmet ingredients.So Grimaldi's, to me, is a place of nostalgia and of mixed feelings of a different time in my life.  The little pizzeria, to me, is quintessential East Coast and Italy.  The former is where I grew up; the latter I dream of going.  I still love Grimaldi's to this day.
5	Pizza was boomb. Anchovies all day, my friends...Keep it as plain as possible for full-flavor appreciation. The crust is thinner, so more toppings means more silverware usage. Booze flows like faucets and the people are really friendly.Get some.
5	just went again tonight by my sons recommendation for his b-day and yup this is the best pizza. my son got regular cheese pizza with cooked pepperonis on the side, they cook the pepperonis and put them in a dish, they are awesome like this, like little bacon pieces.try it. the girl and i had half white and half red sauce with peperoni and sun dried tomato, yumm! the only complaint i have was we ordered and Caesar salad and had four adults, the server said a large would feed 4, but it really wasn't enough for 4. although i like salad so it might have been enough for others. i still say this is one of the best pizza joints in town even if a little spendy.
5	I have to start with a disclaimer: I am not a thin crust pizza kind of a guy, but Grimaldi's is doing a dang good job of making a convert out of me. The crust is fantastic -- it's not that cheap crunchy garbage you get at the wanna-be NY pizzerias, this stuff is legit. It's thin, but somehow manages to maintain a soft, chewy texture that perfectly compliments their fresh ingredients and phenomenal cheeses. They say the secret to the crust is in the water... which is why they hired a chemist to recreate NYC tap water for the Las Vegas stores. It sounds nuts... but it worked, so I'm not complaining. The ambiance is great, very urban and trendy (according to my wife, I don't pay attention... I'm there for the food). It's nice enough to not feel tacky taking a date there, but casual enough that you can wander in whenever and pull up a chair at the bar to watch the game. We enjoyed watching the chefs toss the dough and laugh when the new guy struggled with it. I've been to both the Eastern and Boca Locations and both are similarly excellent. I'll be back again soon.
4	Being from California I learned that Grimaldi's will never step into my state. Not because we are in the worse financial situation in recent history but because air quality laws prevent the use of coal burning brick ovens. That being said, I could not pass up an opportunity to taste the famous pizza from the Brooklyn Bridge. It was an impressive pie and everything you want from a New York style pizza -  slightly burnt crust, great cheese, fresh basil. So it was good and my 4 star rating reflects my expectations for a pizza epiphany. Perhaps the Grimaldis in New York is a 5 star pizza, different than this Nevada franchise. Until I go back there for the real deal Holyfield, I will have to put this pizza with any other New York style pizza I've ever had.Oh, I hope to be back soon. It was definitely good.
5	By far one of the BEST pizza places i have ever had. Huge slices and the coal oven gives it a great flavor. They made a small mistake on our pizza but they were Super nice abt it, gave us free drinks and made a new one very quickly.
5	There are a lot of pizza places in Las Vegas.  This place is the best pizza in the entire world!  At least in my opinion.  We stumbled on this place a couple years ago.  We thought, hey a pizza place to check out.  I cannot tell you how delicious the pizza tastes.  We usually order a Mediterranean salad and a small pizza with meatballs and mushrooms. Yes small because the pies are huge.  This pizza place has several locations over the united states.  They charcoal bake the pies to perfection.  The ingredients are fresh, and I mean fresh! The mozzarella is to die for. We have been to other pizza places and we always seem to compare them to this place.  You get a lot of people that say no way the pizza is better at blah blah city, but we are in Las Vegas not New York!  So what are you waiting for try this place out and if you are disappointed, then either something is seriously wrong with you or you have no pulse. I almost forgot, get the cheese cake or the tiramisu they are awesome! Cheers!
5	Best pizza in Las Vegas!!  I always get a large pepperoni and sausage pizza here.  I normally order pepperoni and mushroom at other places, but the mushroom makes the pizza a little soggy here.  Regardless, the pepperoni and sausage combination is excellent for me.  The mozarella cheese is unlike any other compared to the pizza places around here.  Plus, the pepperoni is fantastic, the right combination of spices and the tasty sausage complements it very well.  The thin crust is cooked perfectly, as it is not too crispy and not toooo limp and soggy.  As noted, I always get a large and eat the left overs the next morning or lunch.  It does not lose its taste.I share the mediterranean salad with my wife.  The portions are huge, so we order a small.The service is excellent here, but does get busy around 6-730pm during the weekends.  So, you might expect some wait time during those hours.Great place to go if you have kids.  The waiter sometimes give kids pizza dough to play with.Whenever I have visitors from out of town and want to experience something new, but don't want to go to the Strip, this place is one of my first suggestions, when they are in the mood for Italian/American.The pizza is a little pricey if you compare it to pizza chains, but this place is well worth it.  The great taste and service is consistent, which keeps me coming back.If you join their email list, they send you great deals, such as getting a free large pizza (dine-in) during your birthday week...
4	Best pizza hands down.  Crust is amazing and pretty light considering it's pizza.  We eat here everytime we are in Vegas.  Staff is very nice and they hustle to make sure you are happy.  Make sure you order enough, it's so easy to eat.  My 3 year old son can eat half a large by himself.  He's picky, and typically doesn't eat, that's how good it is.
5	Best pizza sauce I've ever had and pizza is my favorite food.  I've had pizza in big cities all over the world, including pizzas in Italy, and Grimaldi's is amongst the best I've had.Super fresh ingredients, including basil, top shelf mozzarella and a super thin, yet crispy crust.  The brick oven bake is definitely the way to go.The manager came by and checked in with us while we ate, which was indeed a nice touch.  This pizza isn't super cheap, but it's worth every penny and is about 1,000 times better than Metro Pizza and is actually quite a bit cheaper too!
4	I get it,You got it all covered. Now just go back to the sliced links of sausage. And redefine that awful antipasto appetizer
5	wow, awesome pizza seriously soo good.
4	This pizza is pretty delicious!  I'd gone here a few years back and thought it was good.  My wife and I decided to go hear with a couple friends the other day and had a good time.  The pizza was very good as was the house salad.  My wife is preganant and after eating here had a craving for more.  Yesterday she had me order out the same exact pizza and salad we had on Saturday night.  Just as good.  Two times in 3 days and the food was great both times.
4	Came here again on a recent trip to Vegas and was able to order a pie that came very close to the one that I had in Brooklyn.  Get extra sauce, extra cheese, garlic and basil, but just make sure that you specify the basil be put on the pizza after it comes out of the oven.  Absolutely fantastic version of margherita pizza and it saves you a trip to NY.
2	Service was okay. Eh, the pizza is well... a little grim. Ordered the pepperoni and sausage pizza. The meat tasted weird. Sauce was okay. I spent $38 for a lousy pizza and a few drinks. Nothing special about this place. No reason to return. I've had better.
5	Such great pizza and at an affordable price! Ask for Christy Martin as your server, she's very attentive and accommodating.
4	The thin crust pizza was good. It deserved a recommendation. However, there are 2 points that need to be considered. (1) We were seated by the hostess and waited 15 min before I called over a waiter and was told that he was not my waiter. He took the orders and sent for my waiter. 5 min later he showed up and from then on it was fine. (2) For a large pizza with 3 toppings $24 was on the high side but was comparable to Metro Pizza which charged slightly more but gave less toppings per pizza. Putting it in perspective, a good dish at a good Italian restaurant cost about $25. Overall, I would go back for their thin crust pizza despite the slow service and pricey charge, because it was good.
1	Becoming a fire trap. The owners have gotten greedy and moved so many tables into the restaurant that in the event of a fire....you will probably not get out. The tables are now so close that if people are sitting at the next table.....someone at your table has to get up and move the table so that other people at your table can get out. With baby seats and extra chairs lined up against the wall........this is becoming a dangerous situation.They have made this worse by assigning waitresses to certain table/sections so that one section can be completely packed and another have almost no one in it. This used to be a very nice place to eat and the pizza was great. However the new crowded conditions make it unpleasant. I hate sitting at my table and being so close to the next table that they are included in your conversation and you in theirs.
1	Don't bring kids here...this a family restaurant that doesn't want kids.  Staff is disrespectful to kids and families with small kids.  Decent product poor staff and management.  In fact unless you are perfect like the staff don't go here.  Did I mention that being insulted by staff members is encouraged here?
5	There is NOTHING about this place that I didn't LOVE. Really I don't want to eat pizza anywhere else again.Our waitress recommended and incredible wine- that of course I can't remember the name of. A red blend- Tamas maybe?She also recommended the pizza we ordered. Red sauce, italian sausage, ricotta cheese & roasted red bell peppers. Heaven, no kidding.And to think that I have never had a glassy of wine with my pizze before- my life was changed FOREVER!.We started with the antipasto- while simple was divine, perfect combo of all things delicious!Random fact: in the kitchen they have a chemist come in and match the pH and mineral content of the water to the water in new york- so that the food they make tasted the same. Who knew?Finished off the meal with a slice of Bailey's and Cream cheesecake (also made fresh in the Grimaldi's kitchen).... to die for.Thanks for changing my life :)
3	For such a thin pizza, it's really overpriced. I ordered extra cheese as a topping, and it was barely any cheese on the pizza. The pizza is much different from what I am usually used to. They have only a few items to choose from on the menu, like salad and pizza choices only. If it gets cold it pretty much has to be thrown out because it gets really hard even when heated up. Great thing about this place is that they use a coal oven. That's really good, it always makes pizza better. The pizza was decent, but just not my type.
4	I'm a big fan of thin crust pizza. I like my food simple, fresh and tasty.  The food was good, the service was good and my water was always refilled. I don't have anything bad to say, but i didn't give it 5stars because i save that for really special places close to my heart.
5	I only grabbed a pepperoni pizza for takeout, so I can't review the wait staff, but my goodness it was good.I had been to the Summerlin location months ago for lunch where I split a salad and a white pizza with 4 friends.  It was incredible there and the pizza I ordered for takeout on Eastern was quite amazing as well.A large 18" 1 topping pizza was roughly $20.  Little pricey for a thin crust with only 1 topping, but the ingredients were top notch.If you share a large pizza and salad with drink with 3 other friends you'll probably end up at roughly $10 a personA large would probably feed 3-4 adults, and it's a very good thin crust pizza with slices of fresh mozzarella, small spicy bits of pepperoni and delicious sauce.When I'm in the mood for a thick crust, Rosati's makes a great Chicago style, but when I'm in the mood for a good East coast style pizza, Grimaldi's has impressed both me and my friends twice now.
2	Been there several times. I want to really like this place, but cant. Food is great, but i dont care for the atmosphere. Seats are uncomfortable and seems the tables are really crammed in. I know this isnt their fault, but parking lot always crowded and busy. Pizza is very good, but evrything else is frustrating.
4	Grimaldi's serves up some of the best pizza I've ever had, however, it is a bit on the pricey end, but it's worth it.  The toppings are all top quality and very fresh and the crust is perfect.  I love that they have fresh basil.  They also have a very impressive wine list.  The night I was there, they were about to change their wine list, so they had several half price bottles.  We had an incredible white that would have been worth the full price.  Overall, the experience was great.  The pizza, service and wine list are all worth the trip.
5	Love this kind of pizza I forget how good it is until I remember when I have that first slice again. The crust is very NYC and adding the special touch of baking it in a coal burning oven really adds to the flavor.I like my pizza topping simple pepperoni and sausage and they use very special pepperoni not the cheap kind and the mozzarella they use is very creamy not stringy. If you like a lot of stuff on your pie this may not be your kind of pizza but if you like great NYC style pizza without the grease then give this place a try
4	There is no doubt that this is very good pizza, but you can't put it into the category of real foldable New York style pizza. Coal ovens might have been the thing back in the early days and they are experiencing a bit of a renaissance with Grimaldi's and others, but modern NY pizza comes out of normal ovens, has oregano already on the slice, has that droopy tip and also that small layer of grease drips onto your paper plate. That being said, GRimaldi's is one of the best gourmet pizza's in town and I guess the country now. At $20 a pizza that's the category it belongs in, but the staff is very friendly and the large meatball pie I consumed at the bar was hot, fresh and excellent. I hope when this place has 80 restaurants the quality will remain the same. It's sad to see another good place turn into a monster chain, but greed rules these days and this joint could turn into a Chili's of Pizza someday - I hope not.
1	After seeing all the positive reviews on Yelp, I expected Grimaldi's to be anywhere from good to excellent. I ended up trying it for the first time tonight, and am very confused about why they're so highly rated. The bottom of both pies were half black and burned, there was almost no cheese on the pies, the sauce is bland, and the pies are way overpriced. Aside from the pizza, the building has a nice atmosphere and looks very good. There's a nice bar area and the employees were friendly. The pies came out fast, too, which is surprising considering how awfully burned they were.Will probably give this place one more try because of all the hype I've read about it, hoping that I just got a bad batch. As of right now, I would say this is nearly, if not absolutely the worst pizza I've ever had.
4	This is my absolute favourite pizza in Las Vegas, hands-down, despite the fact that it is a bit more expensive than I'd usually prefer for a pizza place.  Crispy thin crust, the sauce is flavourful but there's not too much of it -- no soggy pizza for me!  They have a wide array of toppings -- I usually go for ricotta which is to die for, fresh garlic, fresh sliced tomato and basil (the tomato and basil's best when it goes on after it's cooked).  Yes, their italian sausage, pepperoni, roasted peppers and sundried tomatoes are awesome but I like to keep it simple.  They've got a nice wine list -- whether you want something pricey or just the house red you'll be happy.  Also, if you're a fan of caesar salad, make sure you try theirs.  It's not dripping with dressing like you'll find at a lot of places!The downsides... It's a small restaurant and can get very cramped so if you're coming with a big group, anyone with mobility issues or small children I would highly recommend not coming at peak dinner time.  Also, there is one waitress there who is just unpleasant.  All the rest of the staff are wonderful from the bartenders to the hostesses up to management... I don't know what her problem is but every single time I've been there she's made it clear that she does NOT want to be there.  But overall, all of the pluses make up for one bad apple in the bunch.
2	The pizza wasn't that great a little more expensive and you get a thin hard crust with very little sauce and patches of cheese it was pretty disappointing.
4	My man and I went to the one in New Paltz, NY and were blown away...so we were a bit hesitant to come to the one in Vegas (how could it live up to NY pizza?). Well it was darn close. This Grimaldi's has a really cool patio with half the bar on the inside and half the bar on the outside. We opted to sit on the outside portion and we were greeted by Anthony...one of the sassiest (can you say that about a dude?), coolest, funniest bartenders I have ever met. He totally made fun of me for trying to order ranch for my pizza (yeah, yeah i'm one of those weirdos). My bf got a good laugh out of that and I admitted defeat....I would just have to enjoy the pizza on its own. Good thing I did because it was delicious. The large pie with extra cheese, pepperoni, sausage and mushrooms was delightful. Be prepared not to have any leftovers because its so good. I could only finish 2 pieces...down from my usual 4. Trust me when I say this is as close as its going to get for NY pizza in Vegas (my man would agree and he's a TOTAL pizza snob). Thank you Anthony...you rock and we will be back to shoot the breeze again soon :)
5	BEST PIZZA IN LAS VEGAS! I love how it's so authentic. Every single bite is enjoyable. Their salads are good and pretty simple. I usually order for take-out so I can pig out while watching Grey's Anatomy :) But it's also a great place to go for a casual date or family dinner. Affordable prices and friendly people. Can't go wrong at Grimaldi's!
4	Cheap,fast,decent and plentiful.Sometimes this place is a bit too crowded,but other than that worth a looksee.
4	My girlfriend took me to Grimaldi's, which is directly across the street from our usual pizza place, BJ's. The decor is contemporary NY pizza parlor with a friendly host to hold the door open for you. I loved the half inside/half outside bar concept, but sadly with it being over 100 degrees at 8pm, I didnt think I could pass up the AC inside. The staff were all friendly and you could even spot the managers on the floor (no they dont do table touches haha). The menu was so small its amazing, but if you want a good thin crust pizza, it serves it purpose. I was incredibly impressed with the flavor and size of it and would def. recommend it to all you thin crust lovers out there.
4	It's just good.  Quality ingredients do make some tasty pizzas.  I recently discovered Grimaldi's and I think it's about to become one of my go-to dinner destinations.  It's a bit on the pricey side for the pie - it's not the place if you're looking for a cheap date - but when you're in the mood to gab with your friends over wine, beer, salads, and thin crust pizza, check this place out.The salads are meant to be shared.  I like the feel of that.  I do love a good salad, but the pizza is what drew me back after my first visit.  The crust is nice and thin, with a slight chewy bite.  It's often a little charred around the edges, which I adore.  The cheese is thinly sliced fresh mozzarella.  It's subtle, with a hint of sweet, and even though mozz generally lacks flavor, there is something about this chewy white melty cheesy goodness that makes me say "mmm".  I really like how they smoosh up the Kalamata olives so that the little crushed pieces are splattered all over the pizza.Plus, they feature some local brews.  I enjoyed my pie with a Tenaya nut brown tonight.  Yay for supporting locals!  I think the biggest drawback is the lack of price breaks for topping combos.  Four toppings can cost you the price of the base pie, yowzahs.  At this Eastern Ave location there is some lovely outdoor seating (although I can think of better ambiance than Eastern Ave, but you can only ask for so much here in Hendertucky), and I find the indoor ambiance rather pleasant.  I've experienced nothing but friendly service.  It's a great place to grab a bite and a drink with a friend, and you'll leave with satisfied tastebuds and your stomach not overflowing with grease.
5	Came here once again with the family and got 3 pizzas.  A large pepperoni and garlic, a personal tomato, mushroom and pepperoni, and a personal meatball and roasted red pepper.  The 3 pizzas were perfect for our group of 5.  None went to waste and we all left full.  My new favorite combo is the meatball and roasted red peppers.  Ive got it the last few times I have made it to a Grimaldis and its been amazing every single time.  They slice the meatballs real thin and then pile them on.  Its a great combo of flavors and I would recommend it if you haven't tried it before.One of the managers there told us that they are looking into branching out into Southern California some time in the next few years.  I instantly got a boner!  I heard they couldn't have them out here because of the coal ovens and pollution or something to that effect.  The guy assured us that's not why and they really are looking to come out to CA sometime soon.  Cross the fingers....that would be A M A Z I N G!
3	Short version: It is about what I expected. Nothing more, nothing less. It was exactly what 3 stars on Yelp is defined as... "A-OK."We shared 2 salads, an antipasto plate, a carafe of house wine, and a slice of cheesecake. (What? No... pizza?! Maybe next time.)The pluses: The salads are large and tasty. We each ordered a small salad (mediterranean and a Caesar) and neither of us finished them. The ingredients tasted fresh and the flavors were nice. The Caesar dressing seemed a little thin (in texture, not quantity), but overall it was good.The antipasto plate was a generous offering of sliced mozzarella, a salami, 2 types of olives, and roasted sweet red peppers. The salami was a bit bland, but the rest were lovely. It also comes with a large portion of bread on the side.The house wine (we had the pinot grigio) is drinkable (at $15 for a carafe, we had to try it). Nothing to rave over, but inexpensive doesn't always mean "acid in a cup." This was bright, crisp, and a nice complement to our meal.Oscar, our server, was great. Personable, upbeat, and engaging.The minuses: The antipasto plate, while generous in portion, needs variety. It definitely needs more basil (one broad leaf is never enough), and different types of cheeses and meats. The cheesecake, over which people were raving, was just OK. It wasn't bad by any means, but not worth the raves. The whipped cream wasn't whipped cream. It was, at best, Cool Whip. At worst? Well, I really don't want to know.Overall: I would go back for the meal we had (sans cheescake), some good conversation, and the comfortable, casual ambiance. It's a decent little "let's stop over here on the way home" kind of place. I'll even try the pizza toppings at some point.
5	i travel from the other side of town for their white pizza.  It's da bomb!!!The other location in summerlin is not as good.Always love Grimaldi's!!!!
2	We really had a tough time deciding whether to give this two or three stars. We thought two was too cruel, but the food just wasn't above average enough to merit three stars. Unfortunately, two-and-a-half stars wasn't an option on Yelp. We recently moved to Vegas/Henderson. After all the buzz we'd heard and great reviews we'd read, we finally decided to give Grimaldi's (9595 S Eastern) a try for our first Vegas-area pizza experience. We were very disappointed. This was probably the first pizza we'd ever ordered where we didn't take the leftovers home. We ate half a large between us, and had them toss the rest. We noticed all the waitstaff were overselling the pizza and telling everyone who came in that it was the best pizza in town. In our humble opinion, the pizza should speak for itself. Sorry, but if this is the "best pizza in town," then this town must have the worst pizza in the world. The worst part was the crust. It was like a bland water cracker with black burned marks on the edges. It was dry, crispy, and flavorless. The pizza was kind of like a Carr's Table Wafer with a few toppings on it. In fact the pizza was so dry that The Mrs. ordered an extra side of marinara in an attempt to make it more palatable. Unfortunately this pizza was beyond hope. Even with the extra mozzarella The Mrs. had ordered, there still was barely enough cheese. It was so thin that the waiter didn't even need a potholder to carry the pizza out. Two minutes after it hit the table it was cold. Perhaps if there had been some pizza and toppings it would have stayed warm longer. We also noticed pictures of New York City all over the walls. Calling it a "New York" style or "East Coast" style pizza doesn't make it good. Maybe it was modeled after a really bad New York pizza. I'm from the East Coast (Boston), and have been to New York many times. There are a lot of different kinds of pizza available on the East Coast. My favorites were ooey, gooey, and had a flavorful chewy crust. Whether the crust is thick or thin, it's the texture that makes the difference. This Grimaldi's pizza crust had no texture or chewiness. It tasted as plain as a burnt cracker. The skimpy cheese and sauce didn't help either. Others may differ, but personally I do not like black burnt portions on my pizza. Even the best pizza can get burned spots. I don't know if this happens from the oven being too hot or from an improper mixture in the crust. I've experienced this on many different pizzas and I'm just not a fan of it. Some people don't seem to mind it, and even the best pizza can occasionally suffer a burned spot and still be good, so I've come to accept it. It's still a negative for me, although not a deal-breaker. If that was the only issue with the Grimaldi's pizza, I wouldn't give it such a low rating. In this case, the black spots on the crust edges were just insult added to injury. Perhaps this would be good for someone who likes dry pizza. This was about the driest pizza we've ever eaten. Sorry, but we just don't like dry pizza. On the plus side, the waitstaff was very nice. Also, our small side salad was huge and delicious. They also had a pretty nice wine selection.
4	A caesar salad and a veggie pizza did the trick for us. The pizza is probably different than what you are used to but I like a really thin crust. I think the trouble is they don't put enough sauce on it. That combined with a thin crust can make for a dry experience. it's on the spendy side of the pizza world that's for sure. I was coaxed into ordering a large by the server she said it's only two bucks more and you get 30% more pie. Well let's just say that is partially true.
5	This is my absolute favorite pizza place in Las Vegas. It's always thin crust and I like to get artichoke hearts, kalamata olives, and sun dried tomatoes on my pizza. Their Greek salad is pretty awesome too.
5	Grimaldis is my favorite Pizza joint in Las Vegas.  All ingredients used at this restaurant are always super fresh.  Heres what I have had:Sausage and Onions pizza with red sauce- very goodChicken and Mushroom pizza with pesto sauce- amazing- my favCaesar salad- very good/ very freshCaprese Salad- very good/very freshGrimaldis uses a brick over pizza and the crust is always baked to perfection.  They have several outlets in arizona, nevada, etc.  If you see one, you must go in and try it out...............................
1	I wasn't overly impressed last time I was here, but at least I was treated well and was served what I expected to be served. It was enjoyable and I said I would go back.Last night, I did.I was dining alone before an appointment nearby and wanted a glass of wine and a salad before I started my evening. When I walked in they were buzzing, but not overly busy. As it was just me tonight, I accepted the offer to take one of the 2-top tables in the bar. The other table in this area was taken and already had at least one glass of wine and menus.** 1-8 minutes ** At least three employees walked by both me and the other table without acknowledging us at all. A waitress eventually came over and addressed the fact that she was flagged down, and I heard the other patron ask for the wine list "again." The waitress ran to grab one, passing me without a look, and returned... again without a look. I tried to get her attention and she kept going.She walked by one more time, in a hurry, not stopping at either table but this time acknowledging me. I had hope!No go. She did not return.I asked a busser if there was a different waitress for my table (sounded odd, but I have seen it before) and he seemed to think she was it. I asked if the bartender could help me and he said yes, but only if I was sitting at the bar.** 9-13 minutes **Supposedly, someone was coming to help me. Passed by again by at least three people. Waiting, waiting, asking...** 13-16 minutes **Got up, went the desk, and "my" waitress (which one should be in quotes now, I am debating) was more worried about a phone number and chatting with the girl at the desk than even looking at the patron standing next to her. The hostess thanked me for coming and I was going to talk to her about what happened, but she engaged in chat with the others and essentially turned away. I grabbed the manager's business card and left.Going back now? Much of the experience IS the service... and last night was ridiculous... ridiculously bad and nowhere near "service."
4	heard about grimaldi's for quite some time. so i gave it a try! we ordered for pick up only cause i had a busy night of studying and projects to do... ordered 2 pepperoni pies and would be a 30 min wait for pick up which gave me more time to study. we arrived to grimaldi's and for some unfortunate incident, they only had 1 pie ready, so the party of a lot at home waiting, had to wait even longer. but they sat us at the bar, while they corrected our order. and offered us free drinks as we waited for the 2nd pie. after couple minutes, our official order was ready! as a compliment for their ordering mistake, they gave us $10 gift certificate to come back. now, the pizza was yummy! i love me some thin crust. cheese was on point and the pepperoni was sliced just right to fit in your small bite. love love love. enjoy!
5	Love when i get to try something in Vegas that's off the strip.   Local Friends took us to have lunch here on our last visit.  Great choice, pizza was perfect!!!Definitely returning when i'm back in Vegas!
4	I wouldn't normally do a(nother) review update for an evening like Sunday night but after the last experience that forced me to walk out... I feel a strong need to share the outstanding service we received from Stanley.I was seated before my friends arrived and didn't see a server for over five minutes. I had flashbacks to a few weeks ago and briefly considered sending a text to change our meeting place. A few minutes later, one of my friends arrived and I explained what I was thinking. As I was sharing my thoughts, Stanley arrived and introduced himself as our server.I explained to him my experience for two reasons: (1) I never did hear about my inquiry after the last visit, I wanted someone in the place to acknowledge it; and (2) I didn't want a repeat and ruined meal. He made a point of not just nodding and smiling, but listening, asking questions, and assuring us that we would not have to worry tonight.Stanley was fantastic! Special orders were accomodated, wine service was excellent, and his care for us (and, in fact, the other tables around us) was perfect. There was some slow going with the food from the kitchen, but we weren't about to shoot the messenger; he was communicative and helpful and jovial, taking the time to enjoy our company and make sure that we had an enjoyable experience with him. He wasn't just a server, he was a participant in our little dinner party and it made all the difference.The food and ambiance are still (just) A-OK, 3 stars. Stanley's 5-star service is what makes me inclined to give this place 4 stars for this visit. FYI to the winos: Bonus points for the wine list with a lot of  inexpensive yet drinkable wines - big fan! Bottles... yes, bottles, for $20? At a restaurant? Some are better than others, for sure, and they also carry a lot of variety all the way into the more expensive ranges... this was a nice discovery! Possibility of return? I can definitely see it happening if this type of service continues!
5	Love Love Love Graimaldi's. Used to live in Vegas and would visit the Eastern location at least twice a month, a trek from the west side. Now that I live in CA my first and last stop is always Grimaldi's. Checked out their two new locations while I was there, Boca park is much bigger. The waitress told us they are also opening 2 locations on the strip, 1 in the Palazzo and 1 at the Rio with hopefuly a CA location soon. My favorite is the Pepperoni with extra basil and the half price wine night every Tuesday.
4	We were sent here by comedian Vinnie Favorito after we ran into him and the Flamingo valet.  This place didn't disappoint as it has a very cool atmosphere.  I suggest coming later in the evening and sitting outside on their patio.
5	This pizza is seriously addicting. Eat it warm, cold, dine in, take out whatever you desire any way you slice it this pizza is hands down the best in the Vegas Area. My only complaint they don't have delicious bread sticks or really ANY bread sticks to compliment my addiction. BOO HOO BUT I STILL LOVE YOU.
2	Tried this pizza it was ok. The crust was nice crispy & thin. But, the toppings were just the average toppings & not very generous. Service staff was friendly which is great. But, unfortunately won't be going there anymore. Too bad it's just around the corner from where I live.
5	Fabulous pizza!  Generally I am a carb kinda gal... so naturally, a satisfying thin crust pizza is hard for me to find.  Grimaldi's hits the nail right on the head.  The great taste of the tomatoes and herbs on each pizza is so perfect that I forget about the thin crust :)Well done.
4	Love this place.  Reminds me a lot of ny pizza.  This is easily one of my favorite pizzerias in town.  The other place I usually go to is Metro Pizza on horizon ridge.  They offer the usual salads, cal-zones, pizzas.  I usually order one of their specialty pies.  The pizzas itself are a little pricy, but nothing too ridiculous.
5	I HATE PIZZA!!  By that I mean I hate Domino's, Papa John, Pizza Hut, all of those delivery garbage places.  Their crust is soggy, toppings stale, and no, no, no flavor.  GRIMALDI'S ROCKS, which is on the opposite end of all of those worthless places on TV.  The crust is crispy, and crooked, and uneven, and just absolutely delicious alone.  The sauce is not too sour/sweet, just tastes of fresh tomatoes and herbs.  The combination of cheese and fresh sauce, with that crispy smoky crust just makes this place the best pizza period.  I had it at the OG Brooklyn bridge location and also drove 30 minutes from the Strip in Vegas.  BOTH places are equally good, and yes, Vegas, Brooklyn, or any other city where they open a franchise, I will be there.  I LOVE GRIMALDI's!!!!
4	Half off wine Tuesdays! (September only..)
1	WON'T EVER GO HERE AGAIN. Twice my wife and I went to eat here and we were seated and forgotten about. First time was seriously irritating, second time we got up and left after 8 minutes. Went across the street and ate BJ's then brought my receipt back and showed the manager were I spent my money that night. He was very apologetic and brought me I'm and gave us a gift certificate for a free meal for 2. We loved their pizza so after a few weeks we decided to try it again. Once again terrible slow service. We won't be going back.
5	Always you can count on tasty coal brick oven pizza. I like to add extra fresh Basil on thin crast pizza, great flavor!
4	Just thinking about this pizza makes me salivate.  The crust is crispy yet chewy, the toppings are of the highest caliber, and the cheese is so gooey good.   I wouldn't order the pesto and red pepper pizza - it wasn't our favorite.  This is as close as you're going to get to NY style pizza in Vegas.
4	Great crust and sausage. White cheese was good but I would prefer adding some regular cheese as the pizza was very short on cheese. Nice look inside and great staff.
3	the crust is amazing, however everything else about the pizza seems bland. the sauce just tastes like tomato paste with some basic and the cheese just tasted flavorless (fresh but flavorless)very nice atmosphere, just only ok food.
5	Best pizza I've ever had! Everything is just great here, pizza, salad, cheesecake......... everything!
3	GRIMALDI's PIZZERIA has a lot going for them with tools and technique at the top of the list. to my sensibilities, a coal fired oven really produces the perfect crust and, at least in my experience, GRIMALID's consistantly does it well.but the quality of their toppings is really no different than the national chains that dispatch pimple-faced kids to your doorstep when you're too tired to drag your ass to a "real" restaurant and that's kind of disappointing.and i can't say i'm wild about their sauce either. theirs is raw (and "lightly drizzled" over the other toppings so the crust stays crispy) and i'm partial to a long-simmered version -- i enjoy the additional depth of flavor.so, the quest for the perfect pizza goes on ...
1	Anybody that thinks this  is good pizza knows nothing about Italian food.Very dry pizza with rubbery cheese.Asked for more sauce and they charged extra$2.00 for some canned tomato sauce.Very limited menu with very over priced wine list.
5	Still love this place. I try and make it here every time in Vegas. Well worth the drive for some of the best NY style pizza in the West.  Service is still great and friendly.  I ate at the bar this time, and Anthony was super cool and funny.
3	Came here on a Saturday afternoon with a friend. We were warmly greeted by the hostess and she asked if whether we would like to sit outside, bar, or somewhere inside. We at first wanted to sit outside in the patio but there weren't any available tables at the moment. Rather than waiting, we just sat inside, a two-top table across from the bar.We split a small pizza and both ordered some peach iced tea. Half the pizza was pepperoni with jalepenos, the other half with sliced meatballs, ricotta and mushrooms. It arrived nice and hot. I loved the thin crust, it was perfectly foldable. The ricotta cheese was very flavorful and complemented the meatballs quite well. I would say that the pepperoni side was just average though. The server came by once in awhile to check on us and filled up our drinks.What I liked best about this place was the noise level. Too often I go to a pizza place and I can hardly hear what anyone is saying. Here, we're sitting next to the bar (who had the TV on) and there were a steady stream of customers in the restaurant. Yet, we could still hear each other talk.My dining companion wanted to get some dessert, their cheesecakes, after the pizza, however upon finishing the pizza the server came over and just plopped down the check. Did not even ask if we wanted dessert.Overall, I would say that this is a nice place for a lunch meeting or date. Don't expect anything too fancy.
4	This place was way hyped up before I got there so I had high expectations.  We picked up 2 pizzas.The place was real nice inside - nice enough for a date or something.  NExt time I would liek to stay and eat there instead of take-out... especially since the pizza can lose some of it's integrity in transit.So we got the pepperoni pizza home.  It is a thin crust plenty of toppings.  This is way different than your average delivery pizza.  It was good.  Real mozzerella cheese and real pepperoni.  I really enjoyed this pizza.  Kind of an artisan pizza - I think these people are trying to make a good pizza.Just a personal note, and I am objective in my reviews so this does not take down the rating - just a personal issue.  I do not like a pretensous type of pizza joint.  I want a regular type of place - nothing fancy.  Also, over $40 for 2 pizzas!!! Digity dang. So this is a nice place - tony for a pizza joint... it serves real good pizza.
5	Special thanks to waitress Ashley for taking outstanding care of my family of 16 tonite!  What fantastic service....outstanding! Add to that wonderful salads and delicious pizza, and this place is a winner!
5	It is very nice to find a good pizza shop whenever you're away from home and this is just the place.  I have been to a Grimaldi's in San Antonio so I knew exactly what I was getting into.  The pizza here is pretty good and definitely does your "run of the mill" NYC pizza justice.  The toppings selection is pretty varied but be careful because you can end up ordering a very pricy pizza if you decide to get crazy with the toppings.  For transplanted New Yorkers like myself who want a piece of home, this place is perfect to get your pizza fix.
5	10 stars!!!  Always the best time and time again. Biting through the crust, you get the crunch of the coal brickoven baked crust with the most sublime chewy middle - perfection in thin crust!  In my ripe old age, I've learned that less is more when it comes to pizza so now the toppings are limited to two, maybe three. The only topping that you HAVE to get is ricotta cheese on your pizza. Sounded weird when my wife ordered it the first time but now we can't do without it. It's unlike any other ricotta I've tried  Trust me on the ricotta... You'll thank me later. It's a must stop whenever we are back in the Valley.
4	Damn good Pizza!!! Great crust, great toppings and tasty sauce! What more can I ask for? Comin' back here real soon! Yeah!
5	First time at Grimaldis. I had a calzone with pepperoni, meatballs, and onions. Not only was this the best calzone I have ever had, it was the best Italian food I have ever put in my mouth. Don't hesitate, this place is awesome.
2	Don't ask why I allowed myself to return to Grimaldi's, but I did. My sweet friend from Paris was DYING to try it so I tucked my alpha dog card in my pocket and sucked it up because I just love the girl. She was warned ahead of time....Drinks: Yes, we had booze. I'm a boozer and a user. What do you expect? They didn't manage to fuck up the drinks. 2 stars for Grimaldi's.Food: Large pizza with red sauce, garlic, basil, tomatoes and mushrooms. Looked damn good. Should be a winner, right? There was a decent amount of sauce and toppings.  But, wait. I'm sorry, was flavor a premium topping I missed on the menu? Ughhhh. Here's the kicker. FOR THE FIRST TIME IN THE HISTORY OF MY PIZZA EATING LIFE I HAD TO SALT MY PIZZA!!!! WTF?!Fact #1- I am not a smoker. Tons of smokers I know salt everything. Fact #2- I don't salt anything. Not fries, not eggs, not tortilla chips(Exception: celery salt on a hot dog). Who salts pizza for fuck's sake?! I'm at a loss for words other than the eff word.For all of you fans of this overpriced, generic tasting pizza joint it's all yours. I'd rather eat drywall.
4	Ok why do I need to go to Las Vegas ( actually Henderson) to get a good New York Pizza? Because there is NO Grimaldi's in Los Angeles! While Deep dish is my FAVORITE style, I do love me a good NYC pie and this is tops. The crust is just perfect, well done, not soggy, with a bit of char on the edges ( the way a good NY should be thanks to a coal oven) the sauce is very tasty, although I would have liked a tad more. You can get extra sauce for $2 which is kind of annoying, just put more sauce on please. My favorite little pepperonis that get all crispy at the edges.  We also ordered the antipasto salad and a house salad, that had an awesome mix of veg, and literally could have fed 8 ( there were 4 of us).  Alas, I have to go back to LA and not -so- great selection of New York style pies. 1 Star off for making me pay for xtra sauce otherwise outstanding!
5	We've been going to this Grimaldis Restaurant pretty much since it first opened. If you enjoy thin crust coal brick oven pizza you will love this pizza. The menu is pretty simple, they offer pizza and salad and a few basic appetizers, that's it. You really only have the option of ordering pizza here. Great for us, not the place to go if you are looking for anything else. They offer 3 sizes of pizza - personal (plenty for 2 adults), medium and large. The base prices are $14, $16, $18 and each topping that you add runs about $2 each. Three great things about this pizza - the crust, the sauce and the cheese. The cheese is excellent,fresh mozzarella is wonderful. I love coffee and the coffee is great here too. They don't have a kids menu but Grimaldis is kid friendly. My kids love to go here specifically because they get to play with pizza dough while they are waiting for the food the come out. I have noticed that not all servers automatically bring this out but once we ask, they always do. The kids have a lot of fun with the dough! Grimaldis is usually busy at peak times and there's usually a wait of 10-20 minutes. Highly recommend Grimaldis.
5	Very good pizza
1	I did not like this place at all, from the moment we sat down I was uncomfortable. All of the pizza toppings were a la carte, I wanted a vegetarian pizza and enjoy my company, instead I had a waitress staring me down... like I was wasting her time cause I had a hard time figuring out what vegetables to choose from... a large pizza with minimal toppings was $28. They forget our salad and spilled sauce on my friend. At the end of our evening we felt like we were being kicked out, even though they were open for another hour. I will never go back there and will definitely not recommend this place to anyone.
1	Where do I begin, to tell the story? Familiar line I think. Let's start with all the great reviews I read about this place! Someone is desperate just to say they left their boring homes. I ordered my pizza by phone to be picked up. 1. I'm told they don't have green peppers only sweet red. Fine I can handle that.  2. I'm told 20 minutes it will be ready.  I arrive in 15. The pizza is ready. But it takes 10 minutes for the bartender, who is also the carry-out cashier to wait on me. 3. The pizza is no longer piping hot.  4. The pizza was supposed to be Italian sausage & "Red peppers"! I'm posting a photo of the pizza. See if you can find the sausage. I think there is more sausage on McDonald's sausage biscuit sandwich. I can here Clara Peller yelling "where's the beef" from her grave. 5. The only reason that I'm able to give this place a star, is because the pizza was in fact very tasty. The sausage was very good when you could find a bite. Good sauce and fresh peppers.   I will probably try them again and order double sausage. Maybe I can put it all on one half and say I'm eating a SAUSAGE pizza!!!
5	Still love this place. We came with a very large party for lunch yesterday and service was impeccable. We called ahead to warn them, so they would be able to set up a large enough area for us all to sit. When we arrived, they were the table and server were ready to take good care of us. Our party shared a variety of different pizzas, while I sadly ordered a side salad just for myself, since I was trying to save up to splurge for dinner.The waitress was incredibly attentive, considering our very large party and multitude of different needs. We were in and out in a pretty good amount of time and there was no muss or fuss at all. I'm still a fan of this location although I frequent the Rainbow location more because it's closer to where I live.
4	A little "slice" (pun intended) of NY in Vegas! This is some tasty pizza and highly customizable, great for splitting with friends. Lots of selection if you don't happen to be in the mood for a triangular piece of heaven. I've been here a few times now and have never had a bad experience. The slightly crunchy thin crust pizza is cooked perfectly each time; it's great but not super filling or overwhelming like some pizza can be. From peppers to pineapple they have any topping you desire. They use fresh mozzarella on the pizza so it's not oozing with a thick layer of cheese (a positive in my book), rather there are spots of cheese all around the pizza. The salads are enormous and wonderful. My favorite is the Caprese. You'll definitely want to share one of those bad boys. The outdoor seating is awesome when the weather is right and the indoor seating feels like an Italian grandmother's kitchen, dough flying through the air and pizza ovens hard at work. There's also a little bar with TV's you can plant yourself at as well. The staff is very nice and attentive. A great outing for lunch or dinner!
4	As much as I mostly loathe Vegas after having been obligated to visit for so many conventions and trade shows over the years, the outer reaches are even worse. WTF is this, Irvine in the desert?If it wasn't for the divine blessings of Dave G and Steven N I would have circled back to the freeway after gazing upon this strip mall hell stretch. Once extracting myself from the Stang my initial impression of the  exterior was also a let down. Faak, I drove this far out of my way for this? But as soon as I entered and sat at the bar I was greeted in the most enthusiastic way by Alex. The wear of 2 nights of Vegas debauchery was quickly dashed by this consummate pro. This is the guy you will want to hire as your front of the house person if thinking about opening a restaurant. Hell,  I would hire him to watch over my daughters and secret cache of gold, well that is if I had either.First up was deciding on a glass of vino. I chose the Coppola Directors Cut Zin ($12 per glass). For my pizza Alex and I agreed that I should keep it simple since this was my first time kneeling at the alter of NY Pizza heaven. I went with shrooms, pepperoni, onions, and olives. Damn fine pizza indeed. Perfectly baked hand spun crust, very fresh high quality toppings, absolute perfection. Here is where you go for that elusive Vegas hangover cure.Contrary to the brilliantly funny review by Jaime (http://www.yelp.com/biz/grimaldis-pizzeria-las-vegas-2) I can think of another word besides the eff one.....Yum!
3	I came to this place last Wednesday for dinner. Me and my friend have never been here before and we have heard good things about Grimaldi's, so, we decided to give it a try. We ordered the large pesto pizza with itallian sausage on one half of the pie. My friend had a water to drink and I tried the passion fruit iced tea.   Now the atmosphere is nice with the lighting a little on the darker side for a nice reaxing feel to it. Now I wasn't to keen on the drink I ordered so I just asked if I could switch it out with a Pepsi or Coke instead. That wasnt a problem. But while my friend and I were waiting for our pizza we were talking and trying to conversate. Unfortunately we were sat right next to the kitchen where they were making all the food, and as my friend was talking, I could barely hear her or make out was she was saying because of the banging noises and cooking that was going on right next to us. I'm sure any other table would have been fine, but because we were sitting adjacent to where the noise is, I was just annoyed a little bit about that.   When we did get our pizza though, it was definitely delectably delicious (LOL try saying that three times fast). It was a nice NY style thin crust pizza that me and my friend enjoyed very much. Is it the best pizza ever? Naw, not to me. The secret pizza place in the Cosmo is a better NY style pizza joint in vegas to me. But, I did enjoy Grimaldi's Pizza and I will definitely come back again. I had the Pesto so I'll try the White with garlic next time i come here.   The only other real minor complaint I had was that I never got a refill on my beverage. I left my glass at the end of the table so they could see that it was empty, and our waitress never noticed it until we were already done eating. And by that time, I didnt even want a refill anymore because that would be a waste of soda. I guess that's my biggest pet peeve when it comes to restaurants. You don't need to come by every 5 mins, but you should come by and check on the guests every so often to see if they need anything. Customer service is just as important, if not more important than the food the restaurant is serving.
3	Decided on Grimaldi's after realizing a drive into the strip was a bit far and we were starving!Ordered a Pepperoni, sausage, & mushroom pizza. And while I'm biased because we waited so long for it, It was a good pizza with a thin crust (just the way I like it)I will definitely come back, but if I'm getting to-go I'm ordering beforehand. /)__-
5	I am always skeptical when it come to a franchise from the original restaurant. For example, Uno Pizza in Chicago is Awesome but the franchise ones do not even taste close to the original Unos. I have been the the Grimaldis Brooklyn Bridge location (the old original was in Manhattan) and waited the long line and the pizza was great. As a thin crust pizza fan, I can say this Grimaldis was excellent and damn close to the original in NY (maybe they just need the NYC water?). The pizza was probably the best I have had in a long time and I have eaten at a ton of local joints (FYI...I hate the chain pizza restaurants or take out). I recommend this place and get the homemade cheesecake!
4	Been here a million times. Can't believe I haven't given them a plug before!!! Best pizza place hands down. Loved it when Makenna was our waitress. She's so good they moved her to management! Go Mackenna!
5	My husband and I have been to Grimaldi's about 10 times, and the pizza is great every time!  The crust is crispy on the outside with just a bit of softness on the inside.  It is thin but not cracker-thin.  The coal oven giveS the pizza a nice smoky flavor.  The service is also friendly and expedient.  We have placed take-out orders a few times, and the order is always ready when they say it will be.  The employees are always courteous when taking my order on the phone.  The service is so good, I made sure to tell the manager the last time I was there.  He was also very gracious.  He makes the rounds every time I am there to talk to all the patrons.  I WOULD REALLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE!
4	What can I say about Grimaldi's, but great pizza and good wine! I get the usual, which is the name we keep trying to get them to put on the menu (only because it's what I get every time). It's simple and delicious! Oh yeah... It's a regular cheese pizza with tomato sauce AND pesto sauce. If you are looking for a tasty, old fashioned slice, it's the way to go. Enjoy!
4	OMG love this place! Food is very YUMYMY.  Always crowed when I have come which makes for very CLOSE seating and long wait times.  They do take reservations and you could always take food to go :-)
4	Super yummy pizza. Best if eaten hot. Pizza oven is heated with Charcoal so the pizza tastes bbq'd.
4	THEY ONLY SERVE PIZZA and salad.Thin crust pizza made to order with generous portion of toppings.Plenty of seating and parking.Super friendly staff.If you hate thin crust, then this ain't the place for you.The bonus is the frozen custard next door.
3	Tried a different location and it was a much better experience. Ordered the mediterranean salad...so good. And a pepperoni and fresh garlic pizza and it was very delicious. I like a coal fired pizza, I like the crisp. blackened crust and this crust was great...I may ask for it to be left in the oven a little longer for a crust that has a few more black spots. But the crust was chewy and overall this was a great dining experience. The wait staff was terrific and I have not one single complaint! YAY! Oh wait...I'm Italian, Sicilian actually and was raised by my Sicilian grandma who served every meal with BREAD! Where is the bread? Every table should be served with bread! I know it's high is carbs but it's also high in taste! My previous, less fabulous review was for the location in Henderson, this one is for the newly opened south west location.BTW, they still can't touch Metro!One more thing, this pizza is best when eaten at the restaurant. I ordered take out once and I do not reccomend it. You lose the crispiness of the crust and it turns a bit soggy. Also, its not good reheated. It is at it's all time best straight from the coal oven.
3	I like the pizza, but am not in love with it. The thin crust is chewy and not cracker like, so that is a plus. The base pizzas are reasonable, but can be exorbitantly expensive with the addition of a few toppings. If you enjoy a basic pizza then Grimaldi's is fantastic choice. It is just difficult when they offer some amazing additional ingredients. The White Pizza with Garlic packs on the taste of garlic and that is always appreciated. Maybe not for the people I am with, but I am never too worried about them.Working in the industry, I know that no server wants someone to come in and share a small pizza, but I was not hungry. I just came to keep my friend company and ended up snacking. Our waiter didn't seem too happy about this and focused more on other tables. It was fine, because he did refill my water once and that was enough to get me through the meal. Other than that, he was pleasant and prompt with getting what we needed.The parking is always a mess in this complex. A Tuesday night and it was packed to capacity. There isn't any other parking options, so it will have to do.
4	Our very first night and not only did Anthony make us a fan with his super customer service and kid glove kindness in walking us thru the Grimaldi way, the pizza, wine and desert were superior to anything we've expierenced before.  After a wonderful meal and expierence, Gino, the manager came over to our table to thank and talk to us and encouraged us to come back again which we certainly will.  All the rave reviews we've heard over the past several years before trying you, did not do you justice.  Thank you for making us raving fans.
5	My friend has raved about this "Grimaldi's place for quite a while.  He goes for lunch a couple times a month and I've always said "I'll try it sometime."  Part of the problem was that it's right by my favorite Mexican fast food place, Cafe Rio.  Well, tonight we finally tried the famous Grimaldi's and I'll tell you what, this is a "I'll go on a diet tomorrow" kind of restaurant.  We were the leading edge of the dinner crowd so no problem getting preferred seating indoors.  Quick attention by Anthony, our capable, informative and entertaining server.  When we declared our "first time visitor" status, he patiently explained the three different styles of pizza, the salads, and "Oh, yes, we have calzone too!" We settled on a split medium, 1/2 ham/pepperoni and 1/2 pesto & jalapeno & basil (can you tell which one is the meat eater?).  Anthony wisely paired our selection with a Pinot Noir from Italy that matched perfectly.  So much so, we trusted him and got the bottle to finish at the castle (home).Pizza is like sex, it's never bad unless you don't give it a chance.  And in this case, this was one of THE BEST PIZZA's I've ever had.  Timely, crisp, tasty, aromatic (and perfectly matching wine) and absolutely hit the spot.  I declared early that I would save room for Bailey's oreo cookie crust cheese cake.  I almost faltered and finished my 1/2 of the pizza which would have left me too stuffed.But, I exhibited massive amounts of discipline and saved one slice for later consumpiton and ordered the heralded cheesecake (with two forks 'cuz I'm that kind of date).  Oh My GOSH!!!  This stuff should be on the front page of the Review Journal.  Seriously!  I'm not a big fan of sweets, but I can appreciate a near perfect taste when given the chance.  Presentation = 10, texture = 10, taste = 10 and memory = 10.  Well done, Grimaldi's!!Before we left, we had the chance to give our thanks and kudos to Gino for having such an awesome place.  So maybe it took three years to finally try this place, it won't take very long before our next visit.  Well done everyone!
5	Really good thin crust pizza. Everything is fresh and it's not super greasy. Their salads are also good too. This place does get pretty busy on Friday and Saturday nights but you can always order pizza to go in advance.
4	A great pizza restaurant, and a top pizza place in Vegas along with Settebello in The District.The one drawback for me (because I'm sort of cheap) is that it's pricey.  I am not a fan of places that have a base price for the food that's already pricey and then charge additional $1-2 for each topping.  The pizza though is good; once you eat good pizza, it's hard to go back to crap like Little Caesar's.  (Although LC's and $5 pizzas got me through law school.)    Customer service is excellent, much better than Settebello.  Overall, I'm a fan but find it's a "once in awhile" outing.
5	Grimaldi's Pizzeria is hands down the best pizza I have ever had! We have never received bad service, and we def. have never had an issue with the food. We usually order a White garlic pizza with tomato, caprese salad to split and their irresitable tiramasu. Great atmosphere, great staff, amazing food!
5	Good pizza. Awesome Original Homemade Cheesecake!
5	Best new york style pizza around.. brickoven, thin crust, fresh quality ingredients. Little Pricy but worth it. Will go back
5	GOOD PIZZA. But thats is it.......
5	Fav pizza in town!!
5	One of the best pizza's in town (NY thin style pizza). The staff is always so attentive. The bartender, Anthony always goes out of his way to make sure we have a great time.  You must save room for the freshly made cheesecake.  I've never tasted anything as delicious.  I would also recommend the Caesar or Greek salad, both are an excellent addition.
2	Grimaldi's was recommend to by a number of friends when I first moved to Vegas, and most touted it as the best pizza in Vegas...when I finally got around to checking it out, I can't help but say I was very disappointed.  Great NY style pizza is somewhat hard to come by in Vegas, and Grimaldi's continues the legacy of mediocre thin crust pizza in the Valley, especially for the price.  You should also prepare yourself for tons of screaming kids, because the Chuck-E-Cheese down the street was apparently completely full the day I went to Grimaldi's.If you want a decent NY style pizza, you're better off getting take-out from Lefty's and saving yourself some money and the headache.
5	I ate here the other day while passing through town. I have eaten at other Grimaldi's including the original in NY. This might be the best Pizza West of NY! I grew up in Boston and lived in NY. I know the difference between "great" and "good" pizza. If "Great" is what you seek, this is the place. In addition to the awesome pie, the service is very good. Super nice people. Wish they would open one up in SoCal!
4	Very tasty if you like thin crust. We got the original cheese - the ingredients are very fresh. Going to try the original location in NYC this summer to compare :)
5	great pizza. great service. worth driving from los angeles for!
4	I like there pizza because no matter what it comes out pipping hot... Missing a star because I not like there pricing... But at the sametime I understand....or so I think I understand?
5	I love Grimaldi's, it's our go to pizza joint. We haven't been to this location in forever since they opened one up around the corner from our house but this was the first location in Vegas and the one that made me fall in love with their pizza.I still think this is the best Grimaldi's location in Vegas. It's small and the decor is casual but interesting. Staff is always friendly and helpful.
4	Surprisingly, my favorite thing about Vegas isn't the debauchery or gambling.  It is the fact that it's become a melting pot to some of the nation's best food.  Next door you'll find a frozen custard place imported from Utah.  You could also find some of the most popular burger places from NYC and Cali.  But what got me excited was the fact that at Grimaldi's, I could have New York's best pizza on the west coast!In Vegas they actually have three locations.  I chose this location because of its proximity to my hotel and because of it's late hours (it closed at midnight on Saturday night).What I loved about Grimaldi's in New York was its amazing crust, is fresh tomato sauce, and its fresh ingredients.  It was just perfect.For my visit to this Vegas location, I ordered a Margherita pizza with garlic and  a pesto pizza with chicken and tomato.  Both pizzas were winners.  I love the pizza dough - it's chewy and it has a nice sweet flavor.  The margherita is a personal favorite of mine - I just love the simple flavor and the perfect balance of the tomato sauce, cheese, and basil.My only gripe is that the pizza was that I felt that the crust could have been cooked a little more.   I can't really tell you with certainty how this compares to NYC, but I can tell you with certainty that I was so glad to have some legit NY pizza on the west coast.  Definitely give Grimaldi's a shot if you're not able to go to Brooklyn.  There are two locations west of the strip and there's a 3rd location at the mall that's across the strip from the Wynn Hotel.
5	Grimaldi's is my favorite pizza place in town. I prefer the Rainbow location because it is closer to my home, but before that one opened we would frequent the Eastern location. Food is just as good and they have great service. Our favorite pizza is the pepperoni well-done and we usually pair that with a side salad and some Blue Moon. You can't really go wrong with any of the food here.
5	YUMMMMMMM!! Best pizza and the service is great! GO if you love pizza.
3	Good, solid pizza place. Good prices and very good menu variety. Service was great, and the food was pretty good. I was expecting a bit more from the pizza. I wanted it to be a little more crispy, and have the "taste" of the coal oven. The flavors were good and I could tell everything was super fresh. The sauce was my favorite. Soooo good.
5	This is not really New York style pizza but it is from New York and I would call it more of the Connecticutt style pizza similar to Pepes.  I have never had Grimaldi's in New York, but I have had about ever other New York style pizza.  Nevertheless, coal fired ovens in Nevada?  Great pizza with great flavor.  The people here are really nice.  Their only weakness in my opinion is that they have Pepsi, but that is a matter of taste and Pelligrino works fine when I am there.   Great flavors, crust is crisp but thinner than a New York style.  This is the best pizza in Las Vegas, the staff is very attentive and the ingredients are superb.  A few noisy kids do come through but it is worth the frustration.
5	THE BEST PIZZA IVE EVER ATE!! So fresh, the meats and cheeses are delish... This place is clean with good pizza omg Im in love... Me and my sister and her friend wen there for the first time last summer and we were blown away by the service and the food. I will be going here again! PIZZA LOVE
5	Ok, so I am a big food junkie.  Everywhere my friend Leo and I go we look up the best pizza places in the area.  I just moved to Las Vegas and asked where we should go to get some good pizza  He said he has heard of a place called Grimaldi's and that it has some very good reviews so we decided to go.We go there around lunchtime and was greeted by a very pleasant staff. Since it was our first time there the manager of the place came out to greet us and recommended a few items on the menu.  We started off with a  Chicken Caesar  Salad which was amazing.  I don't like my Caesar to be too fishy, this one was perfect.  It was a nice fresh start to our meal.  Then we ordered a small calzone with meatballs and pepperoni which by the way is far from small.  It came with this marinara sauce that was so delightful that I wanted to take some home with me so I could dip everything in it.  It was cooked to perfection as was the pizza we ordered.  The pizza was a large with red sauce, pepperoni, sausage and basil.  Let me tell you, after eating there I can easily say Las Vegas' best pizza by a long shot.  The pizza was hand tossed with the freshest ingredients, topped perfectly and was also cooked to perfection.  I don't always judge a pizza by whats on it but by the way the dough is cooked as well.  I usually don't eat the crust but I couldn't help myself here, it was just so good.So after all that food I had to try the desert.  I figured since everything else was so good the deserts must be the bomb, and they were.  I had the tiramisu and he had the canoli.  I didn't think I had anymore room left but when I tasted that tiramisu I couldn't stop until it was gone.  Between the awesome staff, the great food and the overall atmosphere of the restaurant, I have to say it is the best pizza place I have ever been so far.  If another place wants to take the top spot in my book they are going to have to be something spectacular because this is an amazing place to eat.  I definitely will be bringing out of town guest, family and friends here whenever I get a chance.
3	I work in the area, heard so much about grimaldi's from fellow yelpers....  I decided to stop in for lunch...  I ordered the personal/small cheese pizza...  Looked really good when it first came out....  Its cooked in a coal fired oven creates a lot of heat and cooks the pizza rather quickly...  I felt this pizza was decent,, looked much better than it tasted..  The sauce and cheese were very good, with me its all about the dough.  I was satisfied with my lunch, ate 2 slices and gave away the rest at the office...  In my opinion, this place serves decent pizza, my taste buds must be different than other reviews that loved this joint..  Try it if you want, i have had better and wont be back ...  Hope this yelps...
4	Pizza place, one thinks mmm good pizza, OK I love their salads! It was so yummie I want another one!  My girlfriend and I went here for a workday lunch. We shared a small salad which was plenty and a small pizza which was plenty.  Service was fast and friendly, we had leftovers, and the garlic on the pizza is no JOKE.  Think I had 3 pieces of gum after lunch.I might've liked it better than Settebello, yep I said it.
5	BaaaaaM!! Upping to 5 stars. Sure, some of the best NY style pizza to be had anywhere, including NY where the original Grimaldis was born. But the service here is unparalleled, especially for a pizza joint. This time we had the immense pleasure of being helped by Joelle. She is definitely on it like Blue Bonnet. Patient in explaining the menu and pizza sauce variations etc. Also very efficient and fun loving too. I brought several family members here for my off to the airport meal, and we all had a blast with Joelle as our enabler. And this was on a random Monday lunch when you expect most restaurants to have their B team. I have a feeling they don't have a B team here. Thanks again Grimaldis for another 5 star service experience.
5	BEST pizza in Nevada!  Thin crust & excellent sauce.  Great Salad to go with your pizza-
5	This is my favorite pizza place by far in Las Vegas. We always get the pepperoni, sausage, and mushroom and it's always delicious!! I think the pizza is better when you eat it there though. It is the best when it comes directly out of the brick oven. The wait staff is always friendly and the service is always good and fast. However, we had a guy tonight who kept forgetting about our drinks and what we asked for. It was pretty busy there so it's not a big deal. Service is usually always great there. This is definitely a place to try if you want excellent pizza!!
5	No Vegas trip can start or be complete without a stop at Grimaldi's for lunch. Haven't been to the locations on the strip, but this one is only small 10 minute detour off the 15 right before you enter the last vegas strip. Great service, best NY pizza I've had, fresh cold beer- tastiest Sam Adams Boston Lager I can remember having anywhere.
4	This place is a must-try in Vegas!!I visited this restaurant recently with my dad and my brother. We walked in and the atmosphere was very welcoming, and the service was absolutely fantastic. The restaurant was clean, and the design was modern and smart. It was casual, yet tasteful. The waitress guided us through the menu. We started with a salad (I'm pretty sure it was the house salad), but it was only mediocre. The vinegarette dressing was too overpowering and it just had a salty, acidic taste to it. Then we ordered with a pizza; half sausage, half mushroom. The crust was perfectly thin and crispy, and the mozerella and other ingredients were oh so fresh. Once we took our first bites, woah damn, there was no stopping us! Now, the three of us almost never agree on how good a food is, but we all agreed that that pizza was the best any of us had ever eaten. We're a pretty tough group to please when it comes to food, but even my dad said it was incredible delicious. And my brother, who just thinks everything is ok, love love loved it. Would I recommend this to a friend? Child please, I would recommend this restaurant to the whole world- including my enemies.
5	Best pizza in Las Vegas- I know that's not saying much but it actually is delicious. The  crust is crispy, New-York style and yummy while the topping selection is wonderful. They also have peroni beer on draft and fresh, very large salads. The pizzas are expensive if you ad more than 2 toppings but it's actually worth it because each topping is high quality and flavorful. This is a great choice for date night.
5	Legitimate NYC pizza.  Even the workers have a Brooklyn accent, AND they flip their pizzas in front of you...Old school.  Ordered a large white pie with artichoke hearts, pepperoni, ricotta cheese and mushrooms.  Freakin amazing.  Everything from the crust to the toppings was delicious.  Had their seasonal blueberry cobbler cheesecake, best cheesecake I have EVER had in my life, which is a tie for first with Harriet's in Los Angeles.  Cheesecake factory needs to step it up if you ask me.  Will definitely be frequenting this spot.
5	This pizza is great. Went in for a carry out order they where so friendly can't wait to go back so I can stay and have a meal inside.
5	The best white and garlic pizza I have the favor in the crust with the cheese you do not miss the sauce. Also the calzone is like butter with the blend of cheese. In every bite you know it is made fresh. it is just a great pizza joint.
5	Probably the best pizza in Las Vegas.   20 minute drive there from my house in Henderson, and it's still an easy choice.  Great great pizza.
5	Just had a nice large pizza with pepperoni, sausage and shrooms.  Awesome!  i love the thin crust style and the perfectly melted cheese.Great service, great atmosphere and as mentioned... GREAT pizza!Will definitely be back for more.
5	Grimaldi's last slice...4 people at the table...you ask yourself...do I really care about their friendship that much? would they get mad if I punch them ? Would it be too obvious if I accidentally lick it? did I brig my taser?? TOO LATE!! your 3 friends are already going "sparta" on each other for it. Yep..that good son..that good.First lets start with the flavor. Le awesome. Mia mamma ..this pizza is packed of flavor. Delicious sauce, and toppings are generous  but not lacking of tastyness at all. Enough sauce to let you taste the other ingredients making it a whole different experienceThe size..well..well..  if you are not that hungry you can use the x large pizza as a blanket, tent, parachute, or to cover a small garden. thing is massive. And its perfect for my appetite. even the "small" aint small. And the calzone you may ask? yes that one is the size of a whole island. Holy impressive sizes batman!Now, if you (like me) have tried the grimaldins in NY , then you 'll say "well its not the same" DUH of course it isnt because all the other components that make food delicious (water, air, bacteria , etc) are not present as it is a different enviroment/city. However it is hands down the best pizza I tried in this desert. to top this, there are days that they do 50 percent off bottles of wine (tuesdays I believe) . Get drunk get full get happy.. man I should be writing their slogan! . Be aware that they dont take reservations and this place can get packedHasta la pasta....(see what I did there?)
4	Pizza was great! service was so-so. maybe it was because they were closing in about in hour when we walked in, but we constantly had to ask our waiter for our water because he 'forgot.'  The table we sat at outdoors was very unstable, I felt as if my beer was going to fall off the table and the wine glasses were going to fall and crack as well.  But other than that, pizza was exceptional and so was the salad.
5	My wife and I love this place! We come here sometimes 2 or 3 times a month. It can get crowded sometimes, but if you know your server, it makes things a whole lot better. In the end, the pizza here is AWESOME. Our favorite is the Meatball Pizza. It sounds odd, but there really isn't large balls of meat on this pizza. The meatballs are sliced nice and thick and completely cover this thing adding a basil leaf or 2 to round it out. If you want to get crazy, add a little garlic powder to this mix and you have an amazing pizza that will keep you coming back. I always insist that we order a large even though there are only 2 of us. Why? Because the cold pizza in the morning is OUTSTANDING!!!This place uses fresh ingredients, their kitchen is in full view of the entire restaurant, and the food is great. Don't pass this place by!
3	Have you ever had a girlfriend or boyfriend who would do anything for you when you first got together? However, after a while the newness wears off and that person stops doing the little things. Why is that? This describes my relationship with Grimaldi's for the last year or so. On my first visit, customer service was on point, the pizza was cooked perfectly, and I couldn't have been happier. Aaahhh, those were the days. A few nights ago, my family and I thought we would try to renew that spark with Grimaldi's. Instead, we were treated with unevenly cooked pizza (kind of doughy, yet burnt in some spots) and so-so service. Every topping other than cheese is additional $2.00, so the bill adds up quick. Add in the $2.50 per soft drink, and I was starting to feel like the meal just wasn't worth it. The caprese salad as an appetizer was a great start to our meal-although it could have used a little salt. The crust is so thin that the pizza gets cold fast - so eat quickly. I will give Grimaldi's a solid 3 star rating, but am starting to wonder if they have just stopped trying to do the little things.
5	The best Pizza Crust ever!
5	Last night was our first time ever trying Grimaldi's. We had to wait about 25mins since we had large party. After being seated we were thanked for waiting. The service was very well & the pizza was excellent. Our waiter was very friendly & funny he liked my sons red hair since his was red too. We will totally be coming back for more pizza & there salads were also good too
5	WHERE: Eastern & Richmar (inside the plaza, right by Cafe Rio)WHY: If you're craving legit New York style pizza, this is the place to be!WHAT: I never thought for once that I would be able to taste the difference between pizzas until I came here.  For years, I've always thought that pizza was just pizza! Little did I know, pizza here is beyond Little Caesar's!I am a part of a charity, and we actually held a charity event here a few months ago, and it was the first time I've ever stepped foot into this place. I mean, I've seen it around, but never got to trying it.  Let me tell you! The entire staff including the manager were all wonderful, accommodating, and super friendly!  They had plenty of recommendations (Everthing was basically recommended, and I'm going to have to agree!)Note: It is all thin-crust goodness! From the classic sauce, to the white sauce, all the way to the pesto sauce-- all G double O D = GOOD! There is also a list of toppings you may choose from (tomatoes, mushroom, SUN DRIED TOMATOES, anchovies, and the list goes on), and also different sizes of pizza. I'd recommend the biggest one (you know, so you can save the rest for later. You gotta strategize!!). So about the pizza, I'll leave it at that. Now it's your turn to try it!Now onto the desserts! I am not a huge fan of cheesecake, but I'll definitely eat a slice here! There is a variety to choose from as well (RECURRING THEME: so many to choose from, all so GOOD)! I have personally tried the oreo cheesecake (I highly recommend), original NY style, and the pumpkin cheesecake... which were all just perfection melting in my mouth! Yes, melt it does. The consistency of the cheesecake is just so perfect, probably why I'll only like cheesecake here at Grimaldi's!! Aside from the cheesecake, you must try the cannoli!!! JUST DO IT!FUN FACT: Grimaldi's has a unique water system, where their water comes directly from NY, to get that authentic NY style pizza. DID I GET YOU NOW??...I HOPE SO... GO NOW! THERE ARE SEVERAL LOCATIONS AROUND THE CITY =D
1	The pizza is great here, my family and I have been here more times than I can count but tonight we walked out because of the terrible service.  We were promptly seated and the place was not really busy with plenty of staff.  We waited more than 10 minutes without anyone coming to our table, really disappointed because we love this place.
5	I am constantly craving this pizza and it NEVER disappoints. The cheese and sauce always taste so fresh.  And if you're in the mood for something a little different, try the white pizza, especially if you're a garlic lover.  Great service here and at all the locations I've been to, and the best pizza outside of NY hands down!
3	So we meet again. Me and Grimaldi's. I have to say I have seen the light. In the form of a white pizza.....I forgot I was a part of their Birthday Club and low and behold I get the email wishing me Happy Birthday in the form of a free pizza. It didn't end up being completely free, but I don't care. What I do care about is I tasted the glory in their white sauce pizza with sausage. It was garlicky, it was crispy and slightly chewy and just the right amount of every ingredient. I would have liked a little more fresh Basil, but that is the story of my life. The sausage was savory and spicy without overpowering the other ingredients.This pizza was just what I needed and I have even almost gone back. I know, it's insane.Downfalls. Because you know I gots sum;)1. Loud, loud, loud. I'm not sure if it's because of the flooring or brick walls, but I could not think it was so terribly loud and it gave me extreme anxiety. My hearing is better than most so imagine being able to hear twenty conversations at once. Yeah, bad news bears. Next time I return I will be wearing headphones.2. Bright lights. Pet peeve is bright lights in a restaurant in the evening. I don't need to see or hear the fifty kids fondling their raw dough, wasting the parm on the table and pretending to make their own za. I also don't need to see my date's pores. Ever.3. 4pm. Whatever you do 4pm is not the time to come to Grimaldi's. They do something to the oven at that time for about 20-30 minutes and you cannot get a pizza. Instead you have to eat a boring salad with a bitter dressing and stare at each other. You can't talk because you can't hear each other over the noise. I really think the chef might just be celebrating 4:20p everyday getting erie mon. Whatever he did my pie tasted like a million bucks so keep on keepin on Chef pizza dude. Will I return? Oh hellz yeah. Just for the Large White Sauce with Garlic and Sausage and extra Basil pie. Kudos Grimaldi's for redeeming yourself. I am feelin' you big time. Until we meet again my new white saucy friend.
5	I'm from LA and I go to Vegas a few times a year.Every trip I make, I make sure I stop by here atleast once!My cousin brought me here once and I've been going ever since!I LOVE pizza and am very picky when it comes to eating pizza.what I love about Grimaldi's is you can order a simple pizza and it'll come out great and full of flavor!Definitely worth trying if you're into pizza...and if you're not!
5	I absolutely love the white pizza with anchovies and the house salad. I get it every time. I have never been one to order anchovies on anything, but trust me you won't regret ordering this pizza. It's perfectly salty, not at all fishy- even my 2 year old loves it!
5	5+++++ stars!Went here tonight because we received a coupon from them for hubby's birthday - a free large pizza with one topping.  The pizza was amazing, as always.  The sauce is so flavorful and delicious.  I even love it as it starts getting cold - it really "pops" when it's cold and I'm not a cold pizza kinda gal.We ordered the NY style cheesecake for dessert (see photo) and our waiter, Alec, told us that our bill was taken care of.  We weren't sure we heard him right - I mean, we had a coupon for free pizza but we did get iced teas and cheesecake.  We thought that was SO nice!  Terrific service and incredible pizza, as always.  It just keeps getting better and better!
4	Free Pizza!  Can't beat that.  If you sign up for their e-club they send you a coupon for a free large one topping pizza.  I usually wait to long and it expires but this year I was determined to use it.  We went today, it wasn't to busy and we were seated right away.  We ordered the white pizza half with sausage and mushrooms (since so many yelp reviews recommended this).  While we were waiting out server brought my son some pizza dough to play with while we wait.  That was nice since sometimes the pizza can take awhile.  The pizza was very good.  I preferred the plain white to the white with sausage and mushrooms.  I still think Secret Pizza's white pizza is better but this is a good off strip option.  I am not a huge fan of thin crust anywhere and here it is a little to crispy for me.  Overall it was still a good pie, especially in Las Vegas where good pizza is hard to find.
5	Yes I didn't want to like Grimaldis  but I had to give it a day in court It is exactly what I thought a great New York Pizza was supposed to taste likeThe pizza was fresh, great sauce, awesome cheese, I got artichoke hearts asA topping because you can't find that topping all the time in regular pizza spotsSo in closing verdict good pizza great staff always crowded must try one time
5	I love grimaldis.  Great thin crust pizza and salad.
4	We went there on a Saturday night and it was super busy. But the service was not bad for the amount of people that were in there. In addition to the sit down patrons, they also have a bunch of take out orders that they do. Our waitress was really cool there was an extra pizza that was sent back to the kitchen because it had olives on it and she gave it to us for free! I like olives.  Didn't have time to try the salad, but it loked good.
5	I live around the corner from Grimaldi's. I had never been. My oldest daughter wanted to take me out to lunch for my birthday so I said, "Hey I've never been to Grimaldi's, I hear it's pretty good, let's try it" We got a large pizza .. half with cheese and half without (she's vegan) and  we got 3 toppings we also shared a salad. The Sangria was excellent!! The gal who served us (we sat at the bar) was really attentive and helpful! It was an delicious enjoyable lunch. I will be going back!
1	I've been to this location twice and both times I waited over 15 minutes before I was even offered a drink. Both times the staff pointed fingers when I asked for a waiter. Both times the place wasn't busy. No excuse for the bad service. I won't go back.
5	I have been to this location 3 times for lunch and dinner in addition to the original in Brooklyn. My expectations of a restaurant start with how long it takes to get seated, how long it takes before we are greeted by our waitress, how long it takes to get our food and if our waitress follows up with how are meal is and if are drinks are full. In my opinion, Grimaldi's surpasses all expectations.This particular restaurant is great and this is why.1. Staff was prompt and friendly2. Food is amazing and love the decor3. Management came to our table on more than one occasion to see if we were   enjoying our food and if we needed anything. It had a family feel as if your grandmother was making sure you were taken care of.My wife and I get our pizza with pepperoni and extra basil, it is simply fantastic but the plain cheese and basil is more that satisfactory. get the large, it is only $2 more. We make sure to go here every time we visit Las Vegas. One last thing that made me enjoy this restaurant even more. There was an older couple next to us that looked as if they were from Duck Dynasty or some other hillbilly lifestyle. They were basically old school Vegas and I thought it was fantastic that this nice restaurant was a place of diversity where you can see a redneck, someone in a suit or a family. Great food is for all to enjoy.
4	Super friendly service.  DELISH brick oven pizza.  cooked to perfection!!! =)
1	Worsttttttttt pizza experience in my life! Take "Brooklyn" off your box! Brooklyn pizza is good, this was a pizza fail!! Over an hour wait for burnt pizza? My full review will soon to follow!!!----That was just the tip^^---I was going to wait to review this place, but I can't. I'm so infuriated I could scream. We walked into Grimaldi's (Mind you, this was my very first time here) and while we were approaching the hostess, I saw her roll her eyes at my kids. LISTEN-- If you can't handle the service industry... BEAT IT! I worked every role in the restaurant business for years, including upper management. That's not how your greet guests. (Especially ones that Yelp!!)The night was NOT starting off well at all. She asks us "how many?" and said that there was a 25 minute wait. That was fine for us. We told her that we didn't mind eating outside if that helped. She QUICKLY replies "There's NO room to sit outside".... Really? I see two open tables and a large table of 6-8 people with to-go boxes on their laps. She obviously didn't want to take another table. Now I'm irritated. I hate liars. I hate mean people, and I hate LAZY employees!  We got sat about 10 minutes later. Our waiter, "AJ" was nice, he took our app and drink orders. Not to my surprise he screws that up. We ordered red sangria, he brought white. It wasn't a big deal, but I was already annoyed from all the prior attitude. We really should have left, but the kids were hungry and it's a school night.We quickly order two pizzas and crossed our fingers that our night was about to get better. ... Little did we know that it would get worse...AJ, our waiter, came back a few minutes later with a red sangria in hand, apologizing for the confusion. (Ok, good work there)After that we sat there for another hour, watching all of the tables (that arrived after us) get served their pizza! ARE YOU KIDDING ME? An hour for pizza? The waiter kept saying  that it was coming. Our kids were hungry, getting antsy and I was really annoyed. The manager came over and said our pizza was just about up. My husband told him what happened and how we have been sitting for an hour. What did the manager reply? He said we've only been there for 25 minutes!!! HOW DARE YOU?? I said "Really? here's my Yelp and FB check-ins showing the timestamps"...... He knew he was caught out there and said our pizzs was next and he'd try to help work out the bill. ----GEE Thanks. You basically call my husband and I liars, make your business look horrible, then just "try' to make up for it? I told my husband I wanted to leave. We only stayed because we were curious what was going to happen next. Another 5-7 minutes go by, and our pizza arrives. Just ONE of them lol. I explained to the waiter that I am a Brooklyn born Italian and NO freaking pizza is worth an hour wait. He didn't really have much of a reaction.Our second Pizza came another 2 minutes later. I take a bite... and to complete the WORST pizza story EVER.... IT WAS BURNT! Not crispy, not well done, outright pitch black burnt. It tasted like charcoal. We told the waiter we were done and over it and wanted to leave. He brings over the bill, the manager took $33.50 off of the $95.00 bill. We paid and left.NEVER EVER AGAIN! First and last time. (Burnt pizza picture was posted in my profile. YUCK)
4	Been here twice, once for take out and once dine-in. Take out was really average, not worthy of the price. It wasn't bad, it just lacked the luster promised by its reputation.Gave it another shot dining in and was very pleased. The pizza was good, well done, service was punctual, friendly and very helpful. It really helped us enjoy our night out and relax... and that is what pizza is all about, right?It's a bit costly for pizza but it's that gourmet pizza trend. In this case, I think you do get what you pay for, so it's on our list when we want to go out and have pizza.I probably wouldn't take my kids here, though. It's not a restaurant that caters towards kids, the pizzas take a while to cook (as expected) and there isn't a lot of entertainment or ambience that is kid friendly. I'd rather save this for adults, I know having obnoxious kids around would certainly ruin the relaxing atmosphere for me.
5	MEATBALL PIZZA and their salads are great too!
5	Don't leave town without trying this pizza!!!!We are only here for a week and wanted a great pizza. Not big chain cardboard crust! We kept passing Grimaldi's on S. Eastern all day and decided to give them a try. We were blown away with this pizza! Great thin crust, crispy and light! We ordered a small salad and small pie and we couldn't finish it all! We got exactly what we wanted, great fresh pizza!  It's a cozy establishment that does what it does to perfection!
5	My FAVORITE pizza place in Las Vegas! I love New York-style thin crust pizza and they dough, sauce and toppings are fantastic. I used to live in New York, and this quality of the pizzas here is definitely on par with the better NY places. It can get a bit pricey, especially when you start to load on toppings like I always do, but well worth it! I have been to this location multiple times and have always found the staff to be friendly and curteous. Better service than the location at Fashion Show Mall.
4	Amazing pizza mmmmm margherita pizza is so good and white pizza with garlic is amazing too mmmm!!  Def rec this place and will keep coming back for more!  Service was excellent too!
4	What great pizza! Good thin-crust brick-oven pizza. Not overloaded with cheese and toppings, but rather just enough. The place has a good atmosphere and nice staff. One the few really good pizza places I've found since moving to Vegas 15 years ago.
5	Best experience EVER! This was my first time eating Grimaldi's pizza. I was sitting at the bar drinking a beer waiting for my to go order; Ray the bartender did a wonderful job taking care of me. The "man in charge" of all Nevada restaurants asked me how I was doing while I was waiting for my pizza. I explained that this was my first time and he insisted that I have my first slice right from the oven and offered to make me an additional pizza (free of charge) while I finished my beer. He then offered me a slice of blueberry cheesecake. I walked out of that place feeling on top of the world! The pizza was delicious; the cheese has such an amazing flavor and the cheesecake; unspeakable! It is very rare that people go above and beyond to make their customers happy! Thank you! I WILL be back :)
5	This place was a great choice. The pizza was amazing and piping hot. They have a really good beer and wine selection. We can't wait to try this place again.
4	Great pizza!
5	After my airbrush tan at Bronze Beauty of Las Vegas, I was hungry so I picked up a pizza and piece of cheesecake from Grimaldi's. I ordered a large tomato and basil pizza and it was cooked to perfection. This is the best pizza in town.
2	Rainbow Location - Husband and I went for dinner for the first time. The only items on the menu are pizza, salad, and alcohol. The pizza only comes in thin crust. Customers also have to pay for each topping including items such as basil. If you do a half and half pizza, you will be expected to pay double for each side of the pizza toppings. Also, the taste of the pizza is not all that for money spent.
5	Love this place. The pizza is the best. The salads are amazing.
5	Yummm! That's all I have to say :)
5	if you want the best new york/american pizza look no further! the toppings are amazing and the cheese is to die for....on the other hand, if you want the best "italian" pizza go to Settebello's
4	Really good thin crust coal fired pizza. The cheese has a great flavor and the toppings rock. Dont come here if you are in a hurry to eat as it takes 30-60 mins. to get your pizza served to the table whether they are busy or not. The salads are fresh and tasty too and the small is big enough to split. Good selection of beers if you want to cocktail.The chairs are wooden and you probably will have a sore rear after sitting that long. One of my favorite pies in Henderson for sure.
5	For me, Grimaldi's is about as good as you can get for casual dining. When friends come to town, I invite them there. It is a favorite place of mine for it's salads and it's oven-fired pizzas. The pizzas are different with basil and garlic. They are not overloaded with cheese. You can sit outside during nice weather or inside. The atmosphere is relaxed and inviting. The service is excellent. Have a glass of wine outdoors, share a fresh oven-fired pizza, and enjoy the company of your friends or family in a nice setting. My favorite pizza is the white pizza with fresh basil and fresh garlic. Yum!I do value places for the atmosphere as well as the food. I like to eat in places where you can actually talk to a friend and hear what they say. This restaurant feels slightly  European to me as far as the atmosphere...very relaxed.It's not a sports bar. It's not a buffet. It's not a fussy restaurant. Perfect.
5	Best pizza I have ever had. Fresh ingredients, not overloaded with too much cheese and grease, great thin crust that isn't like a tasteless cracker and isn't soggy. They get it right with the amount of topping and everything being so fresh and authentic. Their regular red sauce pizza is super flavorful and the sauce has a slight sweet taste. The white pizza is beyond amazing with chicken on it. The dining area is super loud at times and can get warm with all the people and oven going. They do offer outdoor dining that is shaded in the afternoons.They also have curbside pick up. Kids get pizza dough and a small pie plate to play with while waiting. The salads are always fresh and their dressings are great! The staff is always very nice and attentive. Decent wine list and refreshing passion iced tea. Their cheesecakes wont disappoint either :)Be aware that they restoke the oven coals around 4-430 everyday and don't take orders at that time.
5	Love this pizza.  Stopped in just before they closed and the food was still great.   Servers were very nice and took good care of us.  Thanks Grimaldi's!
2	The pizza isnt too bad...the dough itself is kind of taste less.....but its decent....my biggest issue is the service........it took 15 minutes for anyone to come get our drinkj orders.....then eventually a server from a different section noticed that we had been sitting there for a while drink-less, and came and took our drink order...after that our waitress appeared....my boyfriend and i ordered 2 salads...the waitress asked if we wanted full or half orders and when we told her we wanted full orders she was shocked and told us that it was a lot of food...whatever..we are hungry....after a long wait my boyfriends salad showed up, mine didnt...we waited and waited...and eventually  i just told him to eat.....when he was almost done with his salad he felt bad and gave the last little bits....which i happily ate....all of a sudden.....our pizza shows up and so does my salad!! i was so mad, because i was hesitant to eat his salad just in case mine ended up coming, but also thought nooo way would it still come out, its been way too long...and sure enough there it was......this pizza is not the kind of pizza that is good cold...its not even good warm...it has to be piping hot! so now i was torn between letting my salad sit and eating my pizza, or eating my salad and letting my pizza sit............i have been a waitress for over 15 years, and whenever i work in the restaurant i work at i ALWAYS keep en eye on my tables and make sure that everything is there.....our waitress must have walked by us 20 times and made eye contact with us....how did she not notice there was only one salad especially when she was so adamant about the fact that we had ordered two and it was a lot of food???? anyway........i mentioned something to the manager and he took it off the bill...which i think was really really nice of him.....im not a complainer but that really bugged me! Btw...if you get the jalepenos make sure u get a light order of them..they are hot! and also make sure to mention it about 7 times so they get it right! we ask for a light order of them on our pizza every time we go there and only 50% of the time is it actually light......the rest of the time they ignore us and put a ton of them and makes the pizza almost in edible because they are way too hot....
5	They've set the bar so high for pizza, it's hard to go anywhere else. I get cravings often for it! Yum! Can't go wrong with anything on their menu. Management is constantly striving for excellence. You can see it in their work ethic, always on the floor helping cleaning and talking to their customers. Good work!
4	The only reason I am not giving them 5 stars is due to their prices. I love their pizza and gladly pay what they ask for it but I believe it's a little overpriced for PIZZA! I do LOVE this place though. Reminds me of the pizza I grew up eating back home on the east coast. Perfectly controlled portions of crust, sauce, meat, basil, garlic and whatever else. Absolutly in my top 5 pizza spots in the country, at least that I've had so far. I also really like their flavors of cheesecake especially their seasonal and specialty cheesecakes. YUMMM!
5	This restaurant is fantastic! One of my favorite places to dine in Vegas. Not only is the pizza incredible, the customer service is exceptional. I would happily pay a little more for the quality of food and service they provide, no questions asked!These servers truly go out of their way to create an experience for each customer. This has been the case every single time I have been. The servers always maintain a positive and inviting demeanor, and you can sense that they truly enjoy their job. The kind of passion and charisma they exhibit consistently is rare. Well done!
4	First time here!!!!!! Really quite good. Started with a Caesar salad, fresh crisp lettuce the dressing not to fishy~ oil based, not mayonnaise.   Crispy thin crust and good sauce ~ toppings were fresh and tasty.Very nice server, Rena? Friendly and helpful not pushy~    I still prefer Settabello's at the District, but this is defiantly a close second~
5	Yummy. Yummiest.
1	Decided to have lunch with my child and went to Grimaldi.Hostess super nice and personable.Alex (foodserver) very nice but should have explained to my 9 year old son that "cheese pizza" was not going to be what he expected.My son pizza arrived and looked like it had slices of cheese and not cheese all over it. Had to send it back. My pizza arrived and was a personal size pizza, no cheese add artichokes, garlic, and peppers. By the time I am done eating my son's pizza finally arrived. My pizza was $19.00!! That is crazy!! NEVER AGAIN! I wish there was a way to add copy of my receipt to show you that I am not making this up!
5	Best caprese salad in town. Awesome pizza. It's all about the cheese. Their cheese is stupendous. I could write sonnets about their cheese. I hope they pamper their cows with their own pillows at night and manicures. Hoofiicures? I've had pizza all over the world, lived in Italy, and this ranks in top five. Fresh tomatoes. Real pizza oven. Beautiful.
4	I've had mostly good experiences here. 8 times out of ten, things are perfect.  But there are those couple occasions where the pizza is a bit too "charred tasting" or not quite right.  Now, I absolutely appreciate the management taking a proactive role in correcting things, but , the time from correction to my mouth seems to take too long.  I really hate to give them 4 stars, because when it's right, the place deserves 5 stars.
4	I love Grimaldis! I always get the Calzone with pepperoni and sausage and extra cheese! The only reason this place didn't get 5 stars is because their credit card machine broke down and we were literally sitting there for an hour waiting to pay.
3	2nd time here, not as good as the first visit. Pizza was under cooked in the middle and seed to have very little red sauce, almost none . Preferred the Caesar salad over the Grimaldi's green salad. Service ALWAYS good here!!!
3	Ohhhh Grimaldi's. I was looking forward to trying you!! I think that Grimaldi's is a solid pizza joint if you are someone that is into the thin crust. I love doughy chewy pizza crust so I was a little caught off guard by the crispy crust. I found that the food here is really good but the service is really lacking, hence my three star review. I was found numerous times in my dining experience with empty water and beer and wine glasses that were waiting to be refilled. ***Do NOT come here after 3:45pm-4:30pm or you won't be able to get any pizza!! I guess at this time, all Grimaldi's locations shut down the pizza oven to work some magic with the coals and what not.
5	Favorites pizza place in Vegas hands down! And I love their Mediterranean salad! Decent prices and great atmosphere.
3	I am not a pizza snob. To me Pizza Hut, Papa Johns, Dominos, etc. is sufficient to satisfy my pie cravings. Thus I am usually hesitant to hit up actual pizza restaurants. Unless the place offers personal pizzas, you have to negotiate toppings with whoever you are sharing with. And I am sure we all have that friend who thinks anchovies is a must have. On top of that, pizza restaurants are comparably overpriced compared to their take-out/delivery siblings.With that in mind Grimaldi's serves up some pretty good pizza, but to me fails to impress. Their ingredients are for the most part better than their chain counter parts. The pizzas aren't greasy or heavy, in fact, they only seem to have thin crust pizzas (no deep dish for chi-town peeps). They are a bit overpriced for what you get, and considering that they don't offer any custom or specialties pizzas, I'm left wondering I just overpaid for a simple pepperoni pizza.I wish they had some more stand out ingredients or maybe a signature combo. I've been to this spot a few times and the service is pretty average. The patio is a nice touch but the restaurant itself is pretty small. Call ahead on the weekends as most pizza joints have a slower turn-over time and get packed on busier days.
5	Love Grimaldi's! Awesome pizza, wonderful service, good drinks and fair prices. Highly recommend if you're in Las Vegas!
5	I love this Brooklyn chain.  They did an incredible job with the interiors, it's very upscale casual.  I had the large cheese which feeds 3 comfortably and 2 hungry people.  We did ours with extra sauce and extra cheese.  Definitely the way to go.  Now they need to open one up in Atlanta.
2	went back again last night.....ordered our usual 2 salads and pizza.....salads came out just fine, but then the waiting began for the pizza...we waited and waited.....and waited....finally the manager walked over and told us that he was having them re-make our pizza because...surprise surprise.....he saw that we had ordered LIGHT jalapenos and in fact they had put a full order!! anyone who reads my above review will get the annoyance in this....so we waited some more.....finally after about another 20 minutes the pizza finally came....it was so burned!! but by that point we were sick of waiting so we took it home with us...which i regretted upon tasting it and realizing how burned it was..........arrrrrg
5	Five stars for service, food & atmosphere. This place looked packed from the outside but I gave it a shot as I was in no hurry and dining alone with my Kindle Fire to keep me company. The hostess seated me right away. She asked if I have been here before and when I told her this was my first time. She was excited to highlight the menu to me. The service was prompt and friendly. Rena made me feel right at home. It's Top off Tuesday (1/2 off wine) I discovered and enjoyed two glasses of Lock & Key Meritage. I had the small Caesar (which is really a LARGE) and enough to feed two and the Personal Pesto Pizza with Pepperoni for $2.00 extra ($12.00 total) for a personal pizza which can really feed two. But what the hell, I'll fill up on Salad and take the 4 left over big slices of pizza to go. The thin crust pizza met my approval. If I wasn't so full from Salad and wine, I could have attempted another slice put happy to know I have cold pizza the next day waiting for me. My server Rena did quite a good job selling me on the Chocolate Chessecake that I ordered one to go.   I think I left fat, (almost drunk-but-not- quite) & very happy.  I was left alone to read my Kindle, attended to so I never had to ask...and generally enjoyed my solitude in a very bustling but fun atmosphere. Better than New York City can ever dish out.
5	Only a buffoon would rate this place less than 5 stars! I have been going to this place since living in Brooklyn NY in '95 where I went to the original! And this place is tradition and is as good or better each time I come! The cannoli cream is the best too. Amazing pizza! Get the sausage and pepperoni and then put all the fixings on it. If you don't like the pizza after that, pls leave and don't come back! Hahahha!
4	Relaxed atmosphere, friendly staff, and yummy pizza!  Their salads are wonderful, fresh, beautiful, and very tasty.
1	Unfortunately I will never attend to this location again. There were flies all over the restaurant and food. It was uncomfortable to enjoy food without flies landing on it. Was disgusting! Management said there was nothing they can do about the fly situation. He blamed it on the weather. Poor management  will keep me and my friends and family from attending this establishment.
5	This place has never let me down.  Dine in or Pick up, you get great New York style thin crust.  Word from the wise, don't overload your pizza with toppings b/c it will start to detract from the pizza itself.  I suggest 3 items max.  I love the sweet red pepper, onion and garlic combo.
4	i love this place . the pizza is very fresh and crispy  and always great food and nice service..just only one thing .it took long time..at least wait 20min.. their sun dried tomato is amazing.our whole family love to go there.
4	Summary: True NY style pizza, crispy and holds up to the old NYC pizza test: "hold slice with one hand and if it does not slump over or require a second hand than the crust was created and cooked perfectly!"In depth: being from NY the lady and myself are slight pizza snobs. Grimaldi's on Eastern has always delivered a solid pie that reminds us of back home. See people complaining about the crust and I think they are simply uneducated. The crisp and darkened crust is the way this "coal oven" pie is served. That coal oven taste is transferred into the crust and gives it amazing consistency and flavor. This is not the Albanian owned knock off pizza parlors that most Vegas locals have grown accustomed to eating. I like to add the Ricotta Cheese, fresh tomatoes and sausage to my pie. I also like artichokes and think they make a decent topping along with olives. The Caprese salad here is the bomb. I like to add salami for an additional $2 more (see my pics). I only removed a star for two reasons: 1) the cost seems a little too high for pizza. It tastes good and I am a customer, I only feel like we would go more if it was priced appropriately. 2) service can be spotty when you eat in. Had to get up and track down our waitress last night to take our order. Lastly, Grimadi's makes for great left over cold pizza. Make sure you take a couple slices home for cold pizza breakfast the next day!
4	I'm a pretty plain Jane when it comes to food so stuck with the basic Pep Pizza. However, my parents had a fully-loaded pizza and gotta say, this place is awesome! Loved the thinness of their pizza allowing enough room for a second, maybe a third slice! Service was A+. Cleanness was A+! The ONLY thing I thought was a bit ridiculous was the $2 charge for each additional topping. Definitely not cheap pizza, but worth the price.
5	Best pizza ever! Gotta have ricotta! Always on the hunt for great pizza and I typically don't like chain restaurants but this is honestly the best ever. New York style with a thin crust, not greasy at all, and the service is great. Always going back to Grimaldi's.
4	Dear GOD!!  Best pizza ever!    Great wine. Acceptable service. (Little slow, but nice). We had the antipasto which was really good and just had pepperoni pizza (they charge about $2 per topping. Only downside). Let me just say that as simple as a one topping pizza is, it was exemplary!  Downside: entrance too small to stand. Crowded. Upside: got us in fast.Downside: waitress took too long for everything!
4	Came in here for a late afternoon lunch with K.O.As soon as we came in the door a older lady (owner?manager?) came and greeted us and sat us down promptly.  She also explained a bit about how the menu worked since it was our first time here.Caesars Salad - Lettuce seemed fresh and crispy.  Dressing was delicious and creamy.Pizza - we made a custom small pizza. We added ricotta cheese, pepporoni, and fresh garlic.  The pizza was delicious, dough chewy, and dripping with oil. Just how i like my NY style pizza.  The only thing I wish I could taste more of was the garlic.  K.O. and I both couldnt really taste the garlic.We also had a cannoli for dessert. The outside was crispy and the cream inside wasnt too creamy if that makes sense.  All in all we had a good meal here.  Just got to remember to get the personal size pizza to share amongst the two of us.
5	Amazing food and fresh vegetables!! Pizza is amazing!! Ordered anchovies pizza with black olivea!!
5	We have one in Clearwater, so I was happy to see this chain out here in Vegas too!  The scent alone is like perfume from the heavens, heady with tomato and garlic, it draws you in.  And when the food is placed before you, you see that it's all fresh prepared, that the Mozz cheese is both decadent and delicate, that it's not something you've ever tasted before. The crust is light, thin enough to hold everything in, but not thick enough to get in the way. Not too crispy either, it was -just- right.   I am a serious fan of Grimaldi's Pizza!
5	Best pizza I've ever head.  Piping hot from the brick oven.  Fresh ingredients and mozzarella.  White or Red pizza.  Fresh tomato sauce, not paste.  I get the Italian sausage, pepperoni and onion Red Pizza. Can also get a 1/2 red and 1/2 white.
4	Went there for the first time this week. We enjoyed the food, especially the Oreo Cheesecake dessert, and we enjoyed the staff! Right when we walked in, the door was opened for us by the hostess (Already loved the place at that point). The staff was very friendly and helpful! Our waiter Anthony was awesome. We will go there again and request his table. He was nice, knowledgeable, and was not pushy or rushing us like other restaurants do. Also the bussers were very helpful as well!Glad we ate there!
1	Salad was awesome but we had to have pizza made twice and there still was no sauce on the pizza.  For the price charged the pizza should be perfect - everytime.
5	Fantastic pizza and very good service. We came in on a busy night. We were really impressed with the way the host staff had set low expectations forecasting a 30 minute wait, and we were seated in 10 minutes. The pizza came out perfect....again, in 15 minutes when we were expecting a 30 minute timeframe. Pizza ingredients are robust and high quality, and they don't go chintzy with the amount of toppings.
4	I registered on their website last month after hearing that they give you a free pizza on your birthday. Being that time of year I took advantage of the offer. It was a Tuesday night and the place was pretty crowded. We sat at a small table just off the bar and it was a little chilly since there is an open air area that services an outside patio. We ordered a lg pizza with meatballs. The pizza was excellent but i'm not sure I would order the meatballs again. Tiramisu was for dessert. It was also very good. Our server was outstanding. Pretty upbeat and talkative (in a good way) he was there to check on us quite often.
5	If u haven't eaten here you're missing out.  If you have, I don't know why you're reading this review instead of eating pizza right now.  This place has amazing dough. Amazing sauce amazing toppings. Yum yum yum. If you don't mind going H.A.M. on the price of some pizza this is the place for you. Only thing close in town is five 50 @ Aria
4	Kinda hard to find at first.  Food was great...we had the free pizza for your birthday but we did add a few toppings.  We sat at the bar and the waitress which was also at the bar was kinda rude.  She could have provided better customer service, seemed like she would rather have been doing something else.  She was very short with us and seemed like she was in a rush which was odd because we were the only people at the bar and there were maybe 10 people in the whole place. I would go back but I would not want the same person waiting on me.
1	Tried there pizza  a month ago I can say I will not be going back because the pizza I got didn't taste good too me I'm just wondering where did the cheese go when they cooked it in the oven brick  lol
5	After searching around for a restaurant tonight, we decided to go to Grimaldi's.  All I can say is that it was the best choice for food the entire time I have been in Las Vegas this week.I'm not a huge pizza eater, but this was the best pizza I have ever had.The service (our server was Anthony) was excellent.  He is very knowledgeable on everything on the menu and was very attentive to our dining needs.If you want great pizza, then Grimaldi's is the place to go!
5	Love this place! The best pizza in the Las Vegas/Henderson area; I usually go for lunch and it's not too busy. Servers have been excellent, quality great, sometimes I have seen that toppings were a bit on the lite side but other than that never had any issues. The crust is killer!!! Nice and thin... Not greasy in the least. Their salads are fresh and tasty and well sized. On a busy night, and even at lunchtime occasionally, parking can be a bit nasty but if you order take-out, there is a front space reserved for take out orders. Plus, this place is worth circling the lot a couple times...
4	Is it as good as the one in NYC?   No.   The pizza's crust is just not crispy enough and it slightly a little too soggy (plus you don't have that NYC ambiance).   Nevertheless, it's a good pie and bring back memories.Tip: Get half and half.   Typically most people go red but try out the white, it's just as good.
4	We eat here all the time and the food is great. I could eat a whole large pep all by myself it's so delish. The only reason, they don't get a 5 star is because everytime we go there (a lot ) I feel rushed. Rushed in and rushed out. Maybe its cause I'm a family of 6 & they want more people to serve, but we are good tippers, & friendly. I get the vibe like "oh, its them again".  Pizza is great though!!!
3	I would give a better star rating if anyone at the table liked anything entirely but the food got a neutral pass by all.  Paper thin meatballs??!! What is a flat meatball?!! Sounds defective to me. Pizza was too thin and expensive, I understand the concept of thin pizza just don't charge loaded deep dish prices please! It is clean and a lot of people did seem to like the place, but it didn't fly for us. Canned mushrooms at extra cost? Canned?! The Stromboli had almost nothing in it.Service was not over the top, you may have to wait just to get seated here. The parking lot can fill up quickly too as there are a lot of little places in this section. The main thing here were the prices, much too high for the amount of food. Everything seems to have an upcharge. It is good just not the best. In our opinion we expected more NYC kick.. but nope,  we got more of a tourist trap Vegas... :( Enough people seem to like it so give it a shot and make your own decision.
2	For how long the wait can be, I'm not impressed. I've been here four times; usually with groups of five or more. Grimaldi's was chosen because it was close to where we worked and pizza was a neutral choice. The wait is usually about 30 minutes. Once seated, you feel a little cramped. There just seems to be to many tables for the space. You're close to climbing over people to get seated or leave.As far as the food, it's fine but not particularly tasty or inspired. The sauces are on par with any other pizza place. The salads are a good size. When considering sandwiches, they are big but coated in the same lack luster sauce. Finally, if you're having pizza, you better be in the mood for thin crust which will tend to have a little extra char than you might like. Considering the pizzas are priced per topping, I think (and my party) were most recently disappointed with the spread of toppings. At $2 per, I was just hoping for more meat than we were presented.
5	My husband, a friend, and myself decided to go to Grimaldi's last night. It was not my first go - round at this amazing pizzeria. I have a long history with Grimaldi's since they first came to Vegas. We usually pick up and take home.I feel they can do no wrong. The service is stellar, the food is great, and the place is poppin'. It isn't a large location, so if they get busy you may have to wait. We were told there would be a 25 minute wait, which was fine with us. We went to the bar outside (it has one side outside and one side in). We ordered drinks from (I believe her name was) Shandra and her service was fast and super friendly. I also started with a small Mediterranean salad no onions (devil's food).The oven they cook in is a coal brick oven. The pizza comes in different sizes small, medium, and large. You can get tomato sauce, white pizza, or pesto. We get the large white pizza with pepperoni and fresh tomato all the time. Last night we added ricotta cheese on half. The second pizza we got was a large white with meatball, fresh tomato, mushrooms, and added ricotta on half. Why half you ask? Well, I am not a fan of ricotta at all. BUT let me tell you, their ricotta is the exception to everything I know about ricotta cheese. It is smooth, creamy, and not gritty at all.Of course it was delicious as always. The biggest downfall is you will pay $2-$4 per topping you get. We spent $100 with tip last night. It is expensive, but not a typical trip cost for my hubby and I. Normally it's around $25 plus tip for our regular. We didn't get dessert last night, but I have had their cheesecake. Holy moses it's delicious. I cannot say enough about Grimaldi's. If you haven't been, you need to go. Like, now.
4	So this place definetly lived up to the hype! I was given the opportunity to order pizza for work so I gave it a go. We essentially created our own pizza, they do not list specialty pizzas so you pick your own. It was very flavorful and had fresh toppings on a light crispy crust baked in a coal oven. The one thing I was puzzled by was when we asked for butter they said they did not have for the bread but did give us oil and balsamic as a substitute. We stopped in to pick it up and I was very impressed with the ambiance it's as if you were in another city. I would highly reccomend dining in.
4	Love their pizza! Love their salads! Very friendly staff!(The only thing I don't like is that the kids are given pizza dough to play with. It just grosses me out. I know it's fun for them, but to watch kids at other tables play with the dough, and waste food... I don't like that part about the restaurant.)
5	The best!! Absolute best!! My favorite place always! And the staff is just as wonderful as the pizza!! Alex J. Is the best waiter we've ever!! I will always come to this location.
4	Gramaldis pizza is fantastic and well worth the wait. It's made to order. Watch the guy toss it and then the bake in a pizza oven. The salads they offer taste fresh. I've tried their calzones but I must say those are just not as good as the pizzas. It's expensive especially when you start adding the toppings on, but fresh ingredients are worth the extra cost. Very nice atmosphere but could use a couple more TVs.
3	pizza was good, $17 large cheese pizza  togo. pizza rock better.bar staff and togo staff was great very nice and good looking people.
5	SO GOOD.  We just decided to try a new pizza place and here we are now. The pizza was really good.  The crust was nice and thin and crunchy.  Not at all soggy.  The cheese at first glace looked strange but it tasted amazing.  My in laws are here in town from Maryland and when they went to pick up our pizzas they were given a free salad.  Now that's just great customer service.  This is definitely our new pizza spot.
3	Service - second time at this location and the service was slow once again. As soon as we arrived they sat us immediately, but it took about 5-10 minutes before anyone could attend to us. We were looking around waiting for service when several employees passed by us without even acknowledging us. Clearly, we needed help. When our server finally approached us, he didn't even tell us his name (found out his name was Jeff, after looking at the check). Our salad came out quickly, but I was the only one at the table without silverware. It seemed that everything that we asked for took awhile. They didn't bring our drinks right away. I was halfway through my plate of salad when our drinks finally came out. Our whole table was done eating and our server didn't even come by to check on us. Had to wait longer for our check and our change. It wasn't even busy at all. If anything, the restaurant was already clearing out by this time. When we left, NONE of the employees bothered to greet us thank you or goodbye. Instead, I saw the employees chatting with each other. Food - the food is great, but they should work on quicker and friendlier service. Oh and the tables are a little crammed.
4	Only Coal-Fired Pizza Oven in Las Vegas. The flavor that the coal oven gives the crust is one of the factors that makes them a contender in the new round of reviews for Las Vegas Best Pizza dot com.This location gets very busy around 4pm when they stoke the fire. It is bwst to enjoy their pizza dining in as tge crispness of the crust degenerates by the minute on take-out, as it steams in the box. Toppings are always fresh and they have actually stepped up their recipes since the last round of reviews for the site.Their outdoor seating give you a chance to smell the exhaust from the pizzas cooking in that coal oven, something you cant get anywhere else in Vegas, other than Grimaldi's.Worth the price and worth the wait. After 30+ visits to get an across-the-board average, they are definitely up there with the front-runners now.
5	Pizza is AWESOME! The only place I will order pizza from in Vegas. Thin crust with several toppings to choose from. Even artichoke hearts. Great outside patio and bar. Nothing like a cold beer and grimaldis pizza!
5	This is my all time FAVORITE restaurant! The employees are wonderful, especially the bartender Ray, and the servers Bryna and Amanda. I have been coming for years and usually sit at the bar with a glass of wine and a personal pizza or a salad. I come here often because I feel so welcome, and the food and service is always consistent.
5	best pizza in town!
5	Amazing amazing amazing. .. food and service. Fresh ingredients . Highly recommend this to the locals. I happen to be just visiting a friend and he recommended we come here and boy am I glad.
5	BEST pizza. Half price wine Tuesdays! Try the meritage; it's only available at Grimaldis and is great chilled. Pesto pizza w pepperoni is awesome!Oh and cheesecake... I can't I shouldn't I did. And I did it again.
4	Honestly one of my favorite places to eat. The atmosphere is just as great as the food. The only downside is that the pizza does not taste as great when taken home in a box versus eating in the restaurant. It gets soggy pretty quickly. So I would recommend eating there if you like your crust crispy.
4	Favorite pizza spot in this area. I babysit my best friends kids and it's their favorite also. That says a lot coming from two of the pickiest children I've ever met! We each get a personal pizza and finish within 10min. Delicious! And for the adults I recommend the white sangria. Tasty and refreshing :)
4	We really like it here! Pizza is good & I really like the Medi salad to make me feel better about eating all that bread! Educated Guess helps me wash it down! your constant companion,~deirdra
5	The white pizza is to die for.  Bring some chewing gum though, cause they really pack on the garlic. That's what I like about it though. Oh, and if you have a kid with you, they give them dough to play with instead of stupid coloring book.  Loads of fun and you get to order without having to play tic tac toe.  Other than that, the prices are higher than pizza hut, but you get what you pay for.  Top of the line pizza for a fair price.
2	Pizza was good but the service tonight was not so great. Didn't even get someone to refill after 30min until they heard the last slurp of soda. First time here and even though food was good won't come back due to service.
5	Love this place!!! best crust and ingredient
1	Came in with a large group.Hostess was a doll. Busboy was an angel. Server , a total wreck.He rushed us to order, basically threatened if we didn't order right then it would take "forever" to get our food. Scoffed when we asked for butter for our bread basket. Why don't they have butter by the way? None, at all. Didn't run out, they just don't supply it. Canoli, hard as rocks. Awesome food runner action , pizza was great too. Had reservations ,Told the server & whoever took the reservation this was a bday celebration but no love. BTW they asked ME what the occasion was when I booked 2 weeks earlier, So I assumed they asked so we could get at least a freakn candle on a piece of desert after spending 200 bucks, but nope. Also asked for coffee & the response was "we don't have any", wow, that hurt!  Yikes, scared me off, thats fo sho! PS half my party was overweight & we were stuffed into a tiny space with zero elbow room like a bunch of sardines!
4	Seems I have been on a Pizza kick. Gramaldis makes large thin crusted pies. They have those  small Pepperoni not those large ones that take up the pie. Flavor is on point. We were seated and drinks came right away and were always full. It can get tight walking through the tables but its homey. I always leave full. Staff is friendly. they have a bar to hang at with good selection. you can also eat at the bar if you choose.
4	One of my favorite pizza places in town! The atmosphere is just as great as the food.  This location has a great front patio!Salads are a good sharing size.... love ordering a pepperoni, sausage, and ricotta cheese pizza, and of course I always have to have a cannoli for dessert!
5	Love this place. Their pizzas are always made with fresh toppings and many gourmet choices to pick from. I have yet to actually eat at the restaurant but more times than not I sit at the bar and get served a drink from their friendly wait staff while I wait for my order. Highly recommend.
5	Wood fired crust.... We had a White pie w salami, meatball, garlic and ricotta..unbelievable!!!!!  Mouth orgasm!!
5	One of our favorite pizza places on the valley. The menu isn't big but, the portions are. The pizza is delicious along with the wine, salads and desserts. We try to come here on a regular basis. Sign up for their birthday club and get a free pizza!
4	The pizza is TheBomb.com. I thought I would try something different, so I got the "small" pesto, pepperoni, and fresh garlic pizza. 1. The "small" is not small. It's like a typical medium/large pizza that you would get from a lesser pizza joint. 2. The flavor in my mouth is phenomenal. 3. It was ready when I went to pick it up and 4. They have a full bar in the restaurant. The only negative aspect is that they don't deliver, which isn't necessarily a bad thing because if they did, I would certainly be 100 lbs heavier. Delish!
5	Excellent service,  super clean polite over the phone more so in person. All this and they gave me FREE large pizza for my birthday.
5	We ordered take out and had extra sauce and ricotta cheese. Really good pizza! Also had cheesecake for dessert. Service was excellent and easy to park and pick up!
5	Hands down one of my go to restaurants for pizza pies.  Quality ingredients, cheese is not greasy like other pizza restaurants.   The taste of the crust is so delicious with a very slight burnt taste from the coal brick oven.  For the most part, the staff is friendly and provides a great experience.  I like mine with the red sauce, extra cheese, pepperoni, pesto and meatballs.  I usually order to go (which is quick)  so I can add tapatio!   Yessir!!!
1	Incredibly bland pizza. The sauce has a slight tomato taste. What disappointment. Not recommend if you like a traditional pizza.
1	I've been trying to find good pizza since I moved to Vegas 6 months ago. I still haven't found it. The sauce was ok, otherwise the pie that I ordered with meatball toppings was burnt and bland. It wasn't even edible, so I definitely would not recommend it or go back.
5	Best pesto pizza. Best sangria. Best to go before or after dinner/lunch rush because it does get really busy. Reasonable prices and always friendly
5	Wow! Now I am not one to usually frequent chain restaurants while on vacation, but the location and review for this restaurant compelled me to make an exception. And boy, was I glad that I did.Their thin crust pizzas are nice and crispy. The toppings are tasty and varied. The sauce is pleasant and slightly sweet. What was not to like?If you are visiting Vegas from a region that does not have a Grimald's, you would do well to fill your pizza craving here.
5	My favorite pizza is from Uno's  located on Lomabard St in San Francisco, CA.  They have the best pan pizza I've ever tasted.  At Grimaldi's, they offer thin crust pizza and it's good.  Very Good.  My family always orders the white garlic with  pesto, chicken and mushroom.  It does not have tomato sauce which my son doesn't like.  Every order is like that, pick up or dine in.  The dine-in experience is excellent. The waiters are mindful of who they are waiting on and my glass is never left empty.  I do consider Grimaldi's the best pizza in the area.  If I have a non-thin crust pizza craving, traditional pizza at Angelina's is option.  For the deep dish pan pizza, BJ's is available across the street.  But Grimaldi's Pizza is very good.
5	Came here with a date.  His choice, and glad he picked it. It was a tad noisy for trying to get to know you without kinda yelling at your date across the table....Hope I didn't spit food on him. If I came with friends, the noise level would have been fine. I arrived early, so I sat at the bar and talked to the coolest bartender, Andrea.  She was the kind of person you just get drawn in and want to chit chat with all night.  She picked out a great glass of red wine for me too!When we say at our table, our waitress came around all bubbly and full of personality. I think her name was Kimberly. We got the Caprese Salad to start and then tried the Diavolo pizza as our meal. Both were very delicious!!!  The pizza was that good thin crust with lots of toppings and a great tasting crust. Definitely will be back here!
3	The pizzas were not as good as usual. They had barely any toppings for the $44 for the 2 larges we ordered. Disappointed!
4	I ordered a small thin crust pepperoni to go from Grimaldi's on Thursday night. Let's just say the pizza was so good that I had to write a short testimony. I know I'm 2 days late, but after seeing the receipt just now, I had to drop a review just to show Grimaldi's some love.Their pizzas are cooked in a brick oven. I had a beer waiting on my pizza at the bar. The atmosphere was vibrant and full of fun. The staff was energetic and always smiling. I'll definitely go back, next time to dine in.
3	Solid pizza. The space is a bit cramped. The pizza is doable. I enjoy thin crust. Service is always good. The flavor just didn't stand out like i hoped.
2	Excellent food but they are unorganized when it comes to providing their food in an efficient manner. Was quoted to pick up a pizza in 20 mins and it wasn't ready until 50 mins (30 mins after the time quoted). I dont mind waiting 50 mins for excellent food but I'd rather be prepared for it when they tell me to arrive 20 mins after I placed an order.
5	This is one of my all-time favorite pizza places. Ever. My husband & I always order a large pepperoni, sausage, mushroom & onion, and it's consistent. We get a great pie every time. The house chianti is only $4 a glass or (better deal) $9 for a half carafe. It's excellent. If you're not a fan of chianti, they have a solid wine list & plenty of great beers to pick from, or sodas, water, etc. Still have room for dessert? They have really good cheesecake and the dessert sampler is great to share. I haven't tried the appetizers/salads, but they look good, and large portions (shareable).
2	Ordered two pizzas, one came out fine after which the waiter repeatedly said "your other pizza will be coming right out."  But after 20 minutes of announcements of the pizza's imminent arrival, I finally called the waiter over to tell him there was obviously a problem. The second pizza order was apparently misplaced by the manager and was never made. The pizza arrived another 10 minutes later and the manager came by to say he would "make things right." At that point the people in our party who had ordered the second pizza did not want to have the rest of us who had already finished their meal wait for them, and only ate one slice each leaving half the pizza. The bill came and for the manager "making things right" was to remove the charge for the second pizza. To me that would have been the starting point, since the meal had been ruined for everyone. Four stars for the pizza and zero stars for an incompetent manager and indifferent waiter.
5	Our family was there over the past weekend Saturday September 20. Our Grandkids love to watch the cooks hand-toss the dough. We sat in the outside patio (a first) and it was very pleasant. We were given excellent service by Kimberly and the Manager made certain we were well taken care of. Although our pizzas did not arrive at the same time - it was worth the wait. The food and staff is always excellent. We come to Vegas once a month and this is our go to pizza place every time. Thank you and we will be back! Recommend to everyone if you want the best pizza in Vegas Go to Grimaldi's on Eastern!
5	A moth landed in my coworkers' cappuccino after our meal, and even though it was a completely random happening our server saw it happen, immediately replaced the cappuccino and gave her a $5 gift card for her trouble. Now that's service! The food is spectacular. The pizzas are filling - I was full after two slices, whereas with a typical pizza I can easily eat 3-4 pieces. You must try the cheesecake. Our table tried the traditional cheesecake and the Oreo cheesecake and they were both delicious. Like undo-your-belt-to-make-more-room delicious.
4	Ordered a large white garlic pizza with pepperoni and meatballs which came with about 8 slices served beautifully by our waitress. I always have to eat my pizza with cola. The experience was great. I loved the fact that they serve your first slice and really make sure that you are enjoying your experience for first timers. We also had a very good appetizer which wasn't too filling. This location is very nice which includes a sports bar that's half outside and inside. Friendly service in a busy area. I loved the pizza there and wi be coming back for more. Great Pizza ftw.
5	Ordered the large  pesto with pepperoni and onions.  Very well may have been the best pizza i have ever eaten.  Was busy in there but pizza only took like 8 mins to get served. Big wine selection altho the carafe was barely enough for two.
4	I'd been wondering about these guys for years, and finally we got a $4 off coupon to tempt us in.Ordered a Caesar salad, and also a plain personal pan pizza. Salad was great, and even the spines of the greens were sweet. Pizza was very nice, if different from what I'm used to. Its crust was a nice thin and crisp situation that did not get soggy at any time, thus making it better than what I got from nearby Novecento. And I'm going to say that the cheese and sauce were good but not as good as the also-nearby Montesano's Eateria - but Montesano's had a thicker, breadier crust that interfered too much with the other ingredients in my opinion.Staff were friendly, water tasted clean, and ambiance was nice. We came in during a slow time, so it wasn't busy or loud, but I can see how it would get very busy and very loud during dinner.
4	Hot fresh quick and very nice to just sit outside, drink a little wine and relax at the en of the day. Good wine selection. Plenty of topping options. Can't beat a brick oven pizza.
5	This place is amazing! Came in today for lunch with coworkers, and the service was impeccable. Not one but two hostesses opened the doors for us when we came in. We got a nice spot on the sunny patio and enjoyed delicious thin-crust pizza. Our waitress took a little bit of time getting to our table at first, but another waiter checked in on us to let us know she would be with us. Very nice. I felt valued by every employee we encountered, which is not something you get to experience very often (unfortunately)!Personal pizza is pretty big (if you're a big eater, you could probably finish it but I only ate half.)  Base price starts at I think $9 and toppings are an extra $2 to $4 dollars ish depending on what you get. My total with tip was like $19, which for lunch is a bit steep. For me it's worth it because I still have leftovers!
5	There's not much good pizza in Vegas. But grimaldis is awesome. I'm from the Philadelphia area and can attest that it's great!
3	I've been here twice and the one in Brooklyn due to all its hype. I swear the line out the door in Brooklyn was at least 50 people long. I've done extensive research on neopolitan pizza and have spent tons of money across the country at some the most infamous places. I don't get it. It's ok. A solid 3 stars, but there is so much better, tastier, and cheaper out there.
5	Easily one of the best pizza places in Las Vegas. Superior taste and quality ingredients. Real east coast pizza.
5	Delicious white sangria & pesto pizza! Quite a few wines to choose from.. & you could build your own pizza. Kinda loud in there, but it was busy! Quick & good service tho :)
5	This pizza is simply amazing. I have never been disappointed eating here. I always order Pepporoni, jalipenios, (baked in), fresh mushrooms and inion.Also in my opinion the Ceaser Saled is the best in town. They have an outdoor patio so it's nice to eat ou there when weather is good. Enjoy!!!
5	Love me some pizza!  :-)  My man loves the red sauce pizza but I especially crave the white garlic sauce!  This place always make me happy!  Staff is always friendly and eager to provide excellent service.  The manager, Athena -- she is FABULOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Two thumbs up for Grimaldi's Pizzeria!
5	I'm from Brooklyn, NY. Grimaldi's will always be a staple in my diet. Great pizza, consistent in every location in the US. The host at this location is beyond nice and courteous. Wish I wrote down her name so I could give her a s/o. They will know my name soon, since this is close to my condo and I'll probably be there weekly.  Grimaldi's and Pizza Rock are the top 2 in the city. This visit I ordered the personal with chicken sausage, bacon, and olives. Fantastic. Nuff said.
5	Love this place! Delicious pizza every time with a class or bottle of lambrusco! Ohhh I can't forget the amazing oreo cheese cake mmm!
5	I will fully admit that I haven't eaten at a lot of pizzerias. I will disclaim that I was here only to redeem my free birthday pizza. But I have to say that this is one of the best pizza experiences that I've had.I managed to get in after peak lunch, when few other patrons were around. The hostess and server both asked me if I'd been to Grimaldi's before and proceeded to explain the menu when I stated that I hadn't. Having looked at the menu online and noted the fine print on the birthday offer, I knew I could get the large (18") pizza with tomato sauce for $16 and add a $2 topping without additional charge. The server was nice enough to tell me about this nuance anyway. She also offered to choice of a small (16") pizza for $14 and two $2 toppings, but I had done the math and realized that I'd lose 21% of the surface area. In other words, not the best value.I chose meatballs as my topping. I figured that pepperoni and sausage are common enough, so why not try something else? I was tempted to go for the white sauce w/ garlic, the pesto, or the calzone variations, but I figured that the tomato sauce had to be good enough if this was such a famous chain.During the 20+ minute wait (yes, they do have to assemble the pizza and fire it up in that coal brick oven), I spent time looking at the various black and white photos on the wall, pondering whether the brick walls were authentic or a replica, and listening to older music by Sinatra and similar singers. This isn't just "hey let me describe the decor" time, but rather a warning that solo eating can be boring here. I also wonder how they manage to keep it going with the restaurant is busy if it takes so long...The pizza finally came out, and the employee who brought out the pizza also conveniently plated one slice for me. I was surprised a bit that the pizza wasn't too hot, but I suppose the thin crust cools off quickly. Speaking of which, the crust was really crispy. The sauce, cheese, and meatballs were all balanced in flavor and savory. The parmesan cheese, oregano, garlic powder, and red pepper flakes all added some nice flavors. The crust was only truly burnt on part of the edge; otherwise, it's charred just enough.I'm looking forward to seeing if I can restore some nice texture to the crust on my leftovers. I think the large pizza can easily support a dinner for one or two other people, although it might be a stretch for a party of four unless you add a salad. Aside from the small concern with my server not checking on me at all until after I'd stopped eating (coincidentally, just after another table had been seated), I had a very enjoyable meal and would not hesitate to recommend this place for pizza, even if I don't truly know what else is out there.
5	I 5 star this place strictly for their garlic white sauce pizza, which is hands down the best in town. Add pepperoni, bell peppers, onion, additional garlic, and tomatoes, and that my friends is the recipe for best pizza in town. Id recommend all other combinations at any grimaldis location. Id rate their other flavor combos as if you are craving pizza, and you choose grimaldis, you choose good.
5	Grimaldi's, what can I say I'm hooked... Love your antipasta salad and your brick oven pizza. Tonight I'm getting it to go because I'm moving but always a nice dining experience!  Very consistent food and good service! Muah
5	GRIMALDI'S has become our favorite pizza spot. What do you like thin crust, thick crust, or deep dish, this is one of the best pizzas  in town. Service here is always great but remember the place gets very crowded during the weekends and most evenings so give the waitstaff a break and be patient.  Their Mediterranean salad is enormous and can be shared by two or three easily.
5	Delicious thin crust pizza. The mozzarella cheese had a very rich flavor.  I've been looking for a pizza place like this for a while. The manager Julio came by our table twice even when the dining room was packed. Great service, excellent food. I will be going back for sure.
3	Decided to have dinner far away from the strip thinking it would be way better overall. I don't know if we were wrong or right but this place surely disappointed us. It started out first with the beer selection. Okay, not a big deal as food is more important but they're out of a beer we chose and they didn't even offer a suggestion. We ordered a large pizza and got two toppings (sausage and mushrooms). I could literally count all the sausage toppings and mushrooms were just as sparse. For a place that charges by the topping, we felt ripped off! Service wasn't that much better. The table nearby had more food and drinks and could tell they got better service the entire time because of it. Ridiculous for the party of two! By the time we are almost half the pizza, it became rubbery and impossible to cut with a fork and knife, bleh! We had one slice left over and decided to get it to go. When we tried eating it later that evening it was disgusting! Needless to say we won't be returning to this or any of the other Grimaldi's locations.
5	Food is excellent! Service is so friendly, one of our favorite places for a nice but fast lunch!
2	$45 for a small "Mediterranean" salad that had a sprinkle of feta 3 red onion rings and 8-10 kalamata olives and 2 cucumber slices sectioned into 1/8ths and a large pizza is really expensive. I got a pesto pizza with chicken ($5 topping) it's Sysco chicken pieces folks not real chicken breast and not worth $5) artichoke hearts $3 sun-dried tomatoes 2 or  3 bucks and red onions that's right another 2 dollars. The pizza overall was OK good crust but not a good value for the money. If they want to charge that much for toppings they should seriously address the quality. Verrazano's makes a better pie IMO for a LOT less money. Don't think I'll be ordering again.
4	One of my favorite pizza joints. If you like thin crust NY style pie, then this is a must try.And, that is pretty much all they do, pizza, calzone and a few salads...So they do them well.Tip: don't let the word small on the salad menu fool you. A small salad can easily be split among 2 adults.It's not a large place and it is very popular because it has great pizza, so there is almost always a wait at dinner time.The do have beer and a large wine selection, many available by the glass.Our service has always been amazing, even at the busiest dinner rush times.
5	I have eaten at a lot of pizza places in Vegas - and I won't sit here and claim this is the best of the best in town - but it certainly shares the top spot with one or two others.  Grimaldi's is absolutely delicious!!First off - the crust.  It's that thin NY style, with a great char flavor - it combines crispy and chewy in just the right way.Secondly - the cheese/sauce - thin slices of buffalo mozzarella, with a delicious tangy/sweet red sauce makes for a combo that provides enough flavor that you really don't need any additional toppings - that being said...the toppings are delicious too!I would recommend this place to anyone in town!  One thing I would suggest is keep the additional toppings to a minimum - I never get more than two - because they start to take away from the amazing flavor the pizza already has.  My personal combos are Pepperoni/Mushroom and Kalamata Olive/Mushroom - yummmmm :)Service has always been great - even during the busy times.Enjoy!  Seriously...go. Now.  Do it.
5	Loved it here.  The only bad part of our dining experience was being mad at ourselves for taking so long to come here.  The hostess was very pleasant, our waitress came to our table immediately and took our drink order, then brought my kids pizza dough to play with!  They had a blast and not one time did we hear "when will our pizza be here"  what a wonderful way to keep the kiddos occupied.  We had the Mediterranean salad and a large pepperoni pizza.  It was soooo good.  The sauce had a great flavor and just the right amount of cheese and pepperoni.  It can be pricey once you start adding toppings and extras but its a great time and worth it.  We will definitely be back!!!
4	We have been here many times and love their white with garlic pizza.  They have the smaller but thcker pepperoni.  Since it is think crust (and delicious), you will eat more slices than you are used to.  They have great salads as well.  I haven't had their cheesecake but they looked really tempting.  Don't eat too much pizza if you want to try their dessert.  We've been to 3 locations in Vegas and the Palazzo one has the best ambiance vs Fashion Show & the Henderson locations.
1	Incredibly overpriced pizza that is slightly above average. The pesto pizza vaguely tasted like pesto (try the pesto pizza from Whole Foods, or go to Pizza My Heart in California for the best) and the sausage/pepperoni sacrificed overall taste for fanciness. If I paid 1/3 the price, that would barely warrant what I received tonight. Interestingly enough, their box says "The Pizza that made the Brooklyn Bridge Famous", yet the 11 states listed do not include New York. Maybe people kept jumping off the Brooklyn Bridge after wasting their money. If you want to be pretentious and impress some clueless diner, by all means eat there.
