4	I'm in the market for a new sofa, so I headed to furniture row on Bell Rd. and 69th.  I am not sure where I got this from, but I've always associated La-Z-Boy with recliners and expensive.  After all the disappointments with the other stores in this row I was hesitant to even go inside.  While I decided on a different sofa at another store, I will always keep La-Z-Boy in mind for any future purchase.  They have Sofas, Recliners, Sectionals, Art, Accent Pieces, Rugs, and even little Fake Fireplaces.  Once inside we were greeted by Beth Gaston, who was super friendly and asked all the right questions to find out what it was that we were hoping to find.  We told her we like modern, we have a leather sectional now and were leaning towards replacing it with something similar, or we'd have to resort to two sofas, instead of a sofa and a love seat.  She didn't try to change our minds, she just showed us the leather selection they had, and immediately identified things we wouldn't like because of their traditional nature.  Once we finished the tour of the leather section, we let her know that none of them really stood out to us.  There was one sofa we liked but really didn't want to go the "resort to" route.  She was happy to let us leave, but did mention that there was one sectional in the back that might be available in leather.  She was so nice we had to take a look,  it was awesome and actually really perfect.  The floor model was in a higher grade fabric but she was quick to point out the other fabrics and colors available to this model.  There was actually a swab missing, so she and another guy went on a search of the store just so we could see it.  As I said before, in the end this isn't the one that was for us, but overall my experience with La-Z-Boy was a very good one, and I'll definitely check them first when I'm looking for another sofa, or even something to go with the decor.
1	The store had a good selection and the quality seemed to be good, however I had such a bad experience there with the salesman that I had to write a review.He kept steering us to furniture we didn't want, but seemed to have a large price tag.  Then, when we found a piece, that we liked, he kept pushing accessory furniture like accent tables and ottoman, which we made clear at the outset, we only wanted the sofa and chair.  Finally, he would not let us purchase the pieces we wanted without their fabric warranty.  He was one of the pushiest salesmen I have worked with.  So, if you must buy something from La-Z-Boy and you walk in and get "assigned" Jeff Minter ask for someone else.  Otherwise, you are in for a difficult shopping experience.
5	Absolutely loved our experience with Geri!! She was great we already had looked on our own and found a couch we really liked. She sat down and talked with us on the set so we could make sure it would be right for us, and it is! They are great they will also bring a designer to your house with some ideas to help decorate/redesign! Im looking forward to that once we get into our house. They also had some great accent pieces that we had to have! We got to take those home same day with us! Our couch & loveseat are on order and we cant be more thrilled to have them delivered. Once we get settled well definately be having them come see about design help, a kitchen table, and eventually bedroom set :) Cant wait THANK YOU SOOO MUCH GERI! YOU ROCK!!
1	Dont go in here the place is crap. They try to trick you into doing an in home they send one of there skanky sales people to upsale you to get a bunch of crap Poorly ran company owned by an idiot. Not even by la z boy. They are a franchise locally owned by an idiot the inherited the company. Worst place ever. Poor quality. If you want good stuff go to copehaigen much better!
1	This was a horrible shopping experience.  I had visited this LaZ Boy store for the exact purpose of purchasing a new leather, rocker recliner chair.  A couple walked in the store approx 15 seconds behind me.  There were about 4 or 5 sales persons waiting about 40 feet i side the door.  Two of then walked toward me, then went around me to the couple that followed me in, asking if they could be of assistance. I stopped to look at a leather  recliner and when I looked up, all the sales people were milling toward the back.  I  continued throughout the entire store.  Never once, NOT one single time was I ever greeted or offered assistance. I did find the exact chair I liked by the counter where one clerical lady was seated. I told her of my dilemma and  how I had bern ignored and asked if she could sell me the chair. She got the manager from his office--Robb O.  I explained to Robb how I had been ignored by store staff and  he acted as if I was wasting his time. He had no use for me or my questions about this chair. I asked him for the model name so that I might locate the chair on line or at another store.    I am coming up on time to replace all my living room furniture but one store that will not be getting my business is La-Z-Boy on West Bell RoadWhen I got home I contacted the Scottsdale store. The person I dealt with on the phone was very helpful and informative.
