3	A friend of mine booked us the top of the line mani-pedis and it was a nice experience.  The Spa is not creatively named and unfortunately their location leaves much to be desired.  We found them in an undeveloped area operating as a suite in a commercial business building... not really getting the "spa" vibe right away.The waiting room is small but we were greeted right away and offered hot tea or water.  We declined and waited for our manicurists to arrive since we were 15 minutes early.  The waiting room was not elegant - there was a dehumidifier running and the plants were all fake.  We filled out paperwork and eventually were taken to the back room for our manicures and pedicures.The pedicure chairs are amazing.  There is a hot water bubble bath for your feet and the chair reclines and massages.  The deluxe treatment included a clay wrap in rice paper as well as an exfoliate treatment.  Our manicurists were personable and nice.  The work they did on our nails was pretty great and one of the nail polish lines was vegan, which we appreciated.Bottom line:  Three stars because the prices were pretty outrageous, the location was not the best and the waiting room left a lot to be desired.
4	We went here and received a couples message and tub soak.  The message was great and the rooms were really relaxing.  Highly recommend the soak afterward.We then went for pedicures, which we thought were kind of lacking.  When we would go to our other place, the foot rub was very thorough and relaxing.  At The Spa, it was not much of anything.  The staff is friendly and nice though.Would recommend this place for message, but no so much for pedi's.
3	When I was a kid you'd find me rolling around in the leaves, covered in mud, and laughing wildly much to my parents chagrin.  Now that I'm an adult not much has changed, except I have a harder time getting up after rolling around in the mud and leaves.  That being said, I am not a high maintenance lady.  I don't get my nails done, I only get my hair cut once every 5 years or so, and I do not sit with the ladies for afternoon tea.  But I received a gift certificate to The Spa for a facial and a massage.  I was scared cuz I'd never had a facial before, and the last time I got a massage I think the masseuse was secretly switched out for a ninja who beat me for an hour. The facial went well, as did the massage.  So I guess not everyone employs secret ninjas.  Even though I had a gift certificate, looking over the prices did not make me cringe and think "I'm never coming back here again!!"  Still it's not really my thing, but the ladies at afternoon tea would be down with this fo sho!
5	My little sister and I each had a 60-minute facial with Melissa. She was awesome! The whole experience was really relaxing and just what we needed. Melissa gave us some facial treatments and a hand, foot and shoulder/head massage, which were fabulous. We had a coupon, so both treatments were very affordable. The Spa was also very flexible with scheduling and made sure we were comfortable the entire time.
