4	Just opened and supposedly the largest grocery store in the Las Vegas area, Glazier is pretty darn good!  The prices aren't bad and they usually have something for every budget. Cheap, moderate and Gourmet prices and items.  Has a good "food court" area with a player grand Piano.  The music was a little loud throughtout the store-turn the volume down a touch please! Far from our house-too bad.
5	This is now my favorite grocery store in the area.  It's big, clean, well dressed, has an outstanding selection, and honest prices.  Almost everything you'd want in a soul mate!  I'm a bargain hunter, so when I go to the grocery store, I can pretty much remember how much items are from store to store.  Glazier's was very competitive, especially for not being a corporate giant.  Okay, back to the review, the store boasts a coffee shop, hand dipped ice cream, made to order asian dishes including sushi, hot rotisserie chicken, self-serve fountain drinks, self-serve olive bar, self-serve salad bar with most of the fixings ($6.88 per lb.), and a small dining area equipped with a piano.  The salad bar really won my heart!  I was raised in PA where nearly every grocery store had a self-serve salad bar; when we moved out here, to my chagrin, the only grocery store to offer this was Whole Foods--bleh.  Not to knock WF but, I'm really not into paying more for organic foods--they taste the same and I can clean/wash my meats/produce.  Besides, even though organic produce is grown w/o pesticides, don't you still wash it before eating it--duh!  Whoa deli!!!!  Ahh, deli...cious.  Well staffed.  Like most newer grocery stores, this deli also hosts a computerized ordering kiosk so the impatient can shop for other stuff while their order is being filled.  The kiosk shows the price per lb. of the item you select, allows you to select the weight desired, and allows you to specify how you'd like your meats/cheeses cut (ex. shaved, chipped, sliced, thick, thin, very thin, massacred (j/k).  The deli case has a very nice variety of specialty meats and cheeses, mostly consisting of the brand Boars Head.  I usually do not buy this brand because it's too expensive but at Glazier's, it's actually affordable!  At Vons, I pay up to $6-7 lb. for American cheese; Glazier's, Boars Head American cheese was $5.07 lb., and it wasn't even on sale.  For all of you PA/NJ/NY'ers they sell Taylor's Pork Roll at the deli!!!!!!!!!!!!!  If you turn your fanny away from the deli case there sits a few refrigerated islands stocked with just about any kind of gourmet cheeses you could fathom.Moving on...meat.  The meat case looked incredible!  Everything looked fresh and well-presented.  I was hoping they'd carry USDA Prime cuts but only carry USDA Choice (like all other grocers).  Prices of the case items where on par with other grocers.  In the pre-packaged case, again the meats looked FRESH!!!  I was quite impressed.  In fact I was so impressed with the aesthetics of the meat in the pre-packaged section that I almost bought a pack of hamburger and a pack of chicken.  It took a minute or so to settle down.  My impulsion didn't get the best of me, phew.  For goodness sakes, what the heck do I need more chicken and beef for, I have a bunch in the freezer.  So just a fair warning to all who go by the meat section, don't get too impulsive--you're just browsing!  By the way, ground beef and chicken prices are very reasonable!  So sorry to all of the Yelpers who are interested in seafood, mama don't play that game.Boxes, and cans, and bottles, oh my!!!!  FYI, Glazier's seems to carry two "house" brands: Smithfield and Western Family.  For nearly every brand name item they carry, there's at least one "house" brand.  Some product prices that really jumped out at me will be listed:GOOD BUYS (non-sale items)Andersen's Butter (under $2 lb), dozen large eggs (under $1.20), bottled juices (under competitor's prices), Mrs. G's bread ($1.18)BAD DEALS (non-sale items, lol)Coke and Pepsi (over $1.50 for a two-liter), Campbell's soups ($1.09-1.99 a can), Tony's Pizza (over $3), Totino's Pizza (over $1.75)As far as paper products, detergents, soaps, and cosmetics, I didn't get a chance to shop around, though I did notice a nice selection.Overall, I think anyone who tries Glazier's out will be impressed with what they find.  I'm going to be a loyal G shopper, for most of my grocery needs.  Happy shopping!
4	Nice, new, big grocery store on the corner of Durango and Warm Springs. Their seafood selection is impressive. A lot like Whole Foods but cheaper. Prices seem to be on par or cheaper with Vons and Smith's but they have a wider variety of quality produce. I've got one gripe about the deli. At Smith's they'll ask you how you want your meat cut and give you the first slice to taste. Here, I asked the lady to slice it thin. She sliced off the amount I requested and stuck it in the bag w/out showing me. Got back to my place and saw that it wasn't sliced thin at all. Disappointing but not that big of a deal I guess. I was also looking for creme fraiche but they didn't have any so I had to head down to Fresh & Easy to pick some up. Still, they seem to have stuff that other big box stores (like Vons or Albertson's) don't have.I read in the local paper ("The Southwest View") that this place is a real mom-n-pop operation. It's run by Bill and Helen Glazier, a formerly-retired couple who owned a few other grocery stores in Philly. The article said they have plans to open a Glazier's in Henderson in the summer of 2010.
5	Taylor's Pork Roll--a big plus!   YUMMO!
4	I heard this store had Bosco chocolate syrup so I had to go get some.  I briefly toured the store and prices and selection seem very good.  I will be glad when they open their new store in Henderson.
4	This place is massive! Lots of inexpensive fresh produce that you may or may not find at an Albertson's, Smith's or Vons. Where can you find 4 lbs of yellow onions for just .98 cents? You can at Glazier's.I agree with Clint B. that their seafood selection is impressive!... Not only their seafood but their selection of baked goods, bbq sauces, international and vegan products, etc. Seems that the prices are cheaper than Whole Foods and Trader Joe's. Smith's and Walmart may still have items that are cheaper, but at Glazier's you are paying for quality.The only time we were concerned was when we found a hair in one of the deli items (stuffing) we purchased.Worth checking out if you live around this area!
3	My wife and I enjoy shopping at Galziers and it is certainly a whole lot less depressing than Albertsons or Smiths, howerver I really feel like they have missed the opportunity to be truly remarkable.Glaziers features the standard supermarket and I was excited by their claim to feature a huge array of international products.  As a non American I was excited by this prospect, but a little let down by the fact that things like "Kikkoman soy sauce" make it onto the "International Aisle" and that 80% of the "international section" seems to be hispanic food, with most of the rest being Kosher.Where Glaziers really gets a chance to shine is their "food court" style area and in their fresh foods departments. The meats are of decent quality and the fruit and vegetables are very well priced.Unfortunately the pre-made foods are giving Whole Foods nothing to worry about. The variety is extremely small and unremarkable and unless you want five different types of potato salad you won't be coming back for too much of it.   There is a HUGE opportunity for Glaziers here and I would really love to see them expand on this section and add a little variety and imagination.The food court is of average quality - the Pizzas look fantastic and are good, if a little soggy (although I think that's generally how NY style pizza is - In my opinion the tip of a slice of pizza should not sag to point straight at the ground when you pick it up). Again, some variety here would really add to things.Glaziers - you have my attention. You are an excellent step away from the depressingly generic supermarkets that plague The United States. I always enter your store with high hopes and walk out with a trolley load of groceries but feeling vaguely disappointed. A little more imagination and you could be great. I will follow you with interest.
4	Here's where you should go if you're not happy with your current grocery store or if you want to augment your current place or like to try new things.  It's worth the long drive but u be the judge.  They have a sale flyer in the front of the store where if u buy $25 (easy to do) you get 4 free items.  Anything I couldn't use, I gave away to a very happy receiver.  One wk it was pasta, bottle of pasta meat sauce, fresh broccoli, & gold medal flour.  The next it was low pulp OJ, frozen waffles w/ a choice of 3 varieties like blueberry, Jeno's pizza in any topping type, and a 1 lb bag of fresh xpress garden salad.  The fresh rolls were great with the Boar's Head deli meats to make your own sandwiches.  We also tried the sushi which isn't bad for a quick eat/sushi fix.  The fruits/vegies & many items seem to be well priced (lower or competitive for a non-chain) so this community store should appeal to customers who like independent/small business owners.
5	Flowers here are very affordable:$8.88 dozen rose$8.88 January bouquet$9.88 purple heart bouquet$17.88 hearts bouquetl2/$1 single stem carnations2/$10 tulip bunch2/$10 small v day bouquet2/$10 valentine bouquet3/$10 small flower bunch++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++Glaziers discount American greeting cards and gift wrap: 50% off, 365 a year!
4	I know, I rarely give anything 5 stars.  Anyways, I had to let you know I've tried so many things here including Ms. G's pesto pasta salad, chicken caesar, mexican lasagne, various/sundry other foodstuffs (fish, chix, meat, preparared foods, salads) ginger sesame chicken, & lobster .  The last ones are pre-seasoned & u just cook or re-heat so it's ready 2go.  Yum-O & definitely no where's as costly as going out 2eat.
4	I love walking in to a grocery store that has free samples.  What I love about Glaziers is that they have weekly specials in poultry, meat, fish, produce and if you spend $25 or more you can get 4 items for free and free items changes weekly.  Coupons are located near the entrance.Another one of my favorites is that Glaziers have great wine and SAKE selection for a reasonable price! I am a fan of Glaziers only because of their frequent special items that goes on sale, but I give it 4 stars because it is in my neighborhood and  very clean store.
5	Glaziers is as good as it gets in my opinion.  I go there every week for groceries and sometimes in between for a quick stop on something I need.  This place is ultra friendly, and the employees are customer service pro's.  Best part about this place?  Mr G. (glazier) can be seen daily pushing his shopping cart around the store.  How cool is it that the owner of the store says hi to you and thanks you?  Coming to Vegas from a very small town in MA, you learn to appreciate these rare occurances of personalized service.  Glaziers has everything I need and I see no reason to go anywhere else.
4	Glazier's is our favorite close by, affordable grocery store. Free samples, good prices and polite people working there. If they could somehow find a way to get rid of the morons picketing out front it'd be even better.It's kind of a combination between a regular grocery store and a Whole Foods/Trader Joe's with good, fresh produce and decent prices.So happy they opened this store up and gave us another close grocery store option rather than the inflated prices at Von's across the street where the employees aren't very polite.My only real complaint is they used to have our favorite ice cream at a crazy cheap price but have raised it to the competition's price lately :(
4	This is the best butcher and seafood department I've found in Vegas! There is 0 fishy smell, everything is impeccably clean and the selection - oh my ! My husband was so taken a back by all the beautiful meats he insisted we go get a grill - pronto. A sausage factory? 96% Lean ground beef under $3? I'm in heaven. I have only had one visit to this meat and seafood mecca, but for me that seems to be the highlight of this store.Next impression - quite impressed with the bakery. The bread we bought was oh so soft and delicious. Great selection of cakes and baked goods for under $5. I know where to go next time I feel OK with consuming an extra 2000 cals in one sitting. So far I'm not overly impressed with the rest of the store. I do like that there is no membership card (I hate those!), but the selection of random things like shredded cheese, flavored creamer, and say crescent rolls wasn't nearly as good as Smith's (yup, I have a weird shopping list!). The low point for me was the wine selection. My Smith's has more wine , the price is better, AND I get a 10% discount for buying 6 wines at once. The selection was awful - all grocery store brands, nothing cool or independent. I expected some cool wine at such a huge store ! Prices on all my regular wines were $1-$2 more and then NO DISCOUNT. Overall: Come here for the meats and seafood, not for the wine !
4	After reading reviews here, and countless recommendations of a friend's wife who is the thriftiest person I know, I decided to venture here for my weekly ritual of grocery shopping. Now, I normally hit up one or two or three stores in a week (Sunflower, Fresh & Easy and Smith's) so I wasn't  expecting to have everything I need in one store. This was also the case with Glazier's as they carried everything I was looking for except for organic fruit leather and Boca Bits...I can do without the fruit leather, but the Boca Bits are a staple in my household. And maybe next time I will find these items, as I tend to get overwhelmed in new grocery stores. I opted for the Morningstar Farms starters...but anyway...I like the convenience of Glazier's as their is a PetCo right next store. Typically in our house human food runs out at the same time pet food, so this makes me a happy. Second, you walk right into the produce section. At some stores, this isn't amazing, but a Glazier's I was wowed. The produce section was big, and everything looked good. I purchased a half dozen Gala apples and they looked better than any I've seen at any store. The prices were also very reasonable in that section. Third, the staff was very friendly. Just about everyone I saw said hi or asked if I needed help. Finally, the multitude of ready to eat counters that Misti talks about. I didn't cruise that section since I was trying to be quick. Overall, for a weeks worth of groceries, I spent about $30 less than I do with my Sunflower/F&E/Smith's routine. The only thing I noticed that was more expensive was the Healthy Choice Asian Potsticker frozen dinner. Weird, I know...but its my favorite frozen dinner ever. I will definitely be going back. It may not be my every week shop, but  I will definitely hit it up again.
5	Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.OMG...I just got home from checking out this place. I thought that I was in Heaven. The grocery store was so clean that I was hook from the beginning. Then as we began to walk around, we were more and more satisfied. In the bakery section, strawberry shortcake was $5.98, carrot cake at $3.98, and much more. As we continued walking, we noticed large party platters varied from like $29.99 up to about $54.99. They had pasta salads, fruits, veggies, meats and wings. The prices are definitely reasonable. Most what I saw was cheaper than Walmart and Food4less. Go check it out.
4	I'll second pretty much everything Misty said. This is a really nice grocery store and definately a plus if you live in the surrounding area. I don't live all that far away, but just far enough where its a bit of an inconvenience to travel to Glaziers. I would probably pass about 7 or 8 other supermarkets on my way.Its like a nicer version of Albertsons. Some prices are good, some are a bit much (about what I expected from a place with only one location). A bit suprised at how quiet it was on a Friday night at around 7 pm. Usually at that time you have a line of people getting their groceries for the weekend.Major plus is that they now sell Drakes Cakes (thanks Matt for finding this out). Drakes Cakes are like Little Debbies or Hostess for those of you unfamiliar. Anyway this is the only place in town (that I know of) that sells them. They are about double the price what they are back east but for a fix every once in a while a huge bonus!Did a small shopping and only grabbed things that were on sale. Some of my regular stuff is a lot cheaper at fresh and easy or wal mart which are closer to my house. Very nice store though, definately a lot bigger than I thought it would be.
5	Glaziers comes through again! Now they have chicken cutlets. I have waited 17 yrs for this. I have asked so many supermarkets for this. Finally, I do not have to try to do this at home by myself, and end up with chicken mcnuggets instead of chicken cutlets. I have avoided buying the chicken breast so many times due to this. I remember once asking the butcher in Smiths if he would do it for me. His response "You NYer's and your chicken cutlet's"Never asked again. I just can't imagine eating a big fatty blob of chicken breast. You can't make proper chicken Parmigiana, piccata, or saltimabocca unless you have a cutlet, perfectly thin sliced. And not the ones by Foster Farms that are about 10.00 a package. I got two packs for 4.00. Also found they have the smaller boxes of Drakes Cakes, and another favorite Sabaret hot dogs. I am still waiting on that MY T Fine pudding. Drakes Cakes!!! I know it is an East Coast thing. But when you grow up with certain foods, and you move away from them, it is hard to forget them. So when you find them you are so excited. Not only do they have the drakes cakes, but they sell cookies that I have not had since I was a kid. Nabisco classic creations. My last trip to NY I could not even find them. I thought they just were no longer around like fudge town cookies. Seriously though this is a great place to shop. They have boars head which is the best for cold cuts. They have a great meat dept. Great staff. good produce. Now if they would just get some My T Fine pudding I would probably apply for a job there.
4	I was ready for a new grocery store when I heard that Glazier's was coming. I'm a huge 'foodie" and couldn't wait. They carry items from the Eastern part of the US. (Drakes, Wise,...) The international food isle is better than Albertsons, Vons, Smiths. They have stuff that I usually pick up in San Diego, nice!  I don't usually go into this much detail, but this is warranted. Ok, let's go.1. Produce: always fresh n good price2. Mrs. G's Salad bar: fresh! The potato salad is the only potato salad I will buy in a grocery store.3: Meat Dept: Huge selection! Always fresh and the carne asada is $2:00 cheaper than Albertsons and tastes better! 4: Employees are always nice. There is always someone to greet you at the door.5: Nice soda selection6: Overall, clean, nice selection of East Coast items (for Vegas)I pretty much split my grocery budget between Glazier's and Albertsons. Wal-Mart is only good for canned goods and tortillas.
4	oh Glazier's what would i do without you? It's sad when the checkout people know you by name but i am here everyday. Convenient. Never Crowded. Staff is amazing and the store is very clean. The organic food section is very impressive. They have the best hummus slections i've seen in vegas thus far: olive/oregano...tomato/basil..and they are all fresh and from small local company.They also have great wraps. I forget what its called but it's next to the pizza stand when you first walk in. The salsalito turkey is  my fave! Avacado spread, spicy turkey and i always get the jalepeno wrap.... : ) open till 12. what more can i ask for?
4	Clean, not a chain, great meat department with large organic selection. Produce is hit or miss, sometimes the prices are better than the chains, other times not, and you have to be careful of the produce you pick and it's ripeness. I love their variety and their weekly sales.
4	This is my favorite market in Las Vegas. Great produce section and a ton of specialty items I cannot find anywhere else. It is family owned and they have a ton of different departments such as (deli, seafood, butcher, sushi, meals to go, pizzeria, coffee, bakery, etc. etc. etc). The only downside is that some of their frozen items and non-perishables are a little more expensive, but I just don't get certain items there, for the rest of my grocery shopping and quality is made up in all the other places. Huge isles and a friendly staff... this is not your typical "chain" market. A plus is that they have request tickets for customers to order specific items, brands, etc and they will stock it for you... Oh, also, their homemade sausage section and various prepared meals are darn good.
3	Don't get me wrong, I love Glaziers. Please note that this review is specifically for the steaks that are on sale.They have wonderful sale items, but the last few times that I bought steaks that were on sale; it wasn't very tasty as a matter of fact it seemed old and tainted.I don't think I will be buying any steaks here that are on sale.
2	Came here because of all the positive reviews, but wouldn't go out of my way to go there...The prices aren't as great as everyone seemed like it is...for prepared foods, I can go to Sunflower Market or Fresh and Easy, also Geri's Old Philadelphia at Pecos/Tropicana also sells a bunch of East Coast Favorites like Tastykake and Wise Chips and Drakes and stuff like that...Only thing that my mom would probably go to Glazier's for is pork roll...But living at Sandhill/Hacienda we have plenty of choices on where to go and can price compare and have plenty of stores with the same East Coast selection...Its good that the SW now has a choice other than the expensive VONS or the always-busy Wal-Mart...
5	I absolutely love this store! The staff are soooo nice and help you to find you whatever you need.  I go to this store at least once a week.  They are the only one that I found that carries "The Greek Gods" greek yogurt, honey flavored, that I love so much.  I usually don't like yogurt...but this is some awesome stuff.  I like their produce, very fresh, and a wide array of pastries and desert.  They always have some sort of sale, and free items once you spend over $25.   This store is very clean too.
3	I like this grocery store.  It's brand new, clean and the staff is friendly.  I shop the circulars and it's a little out of my way so I wouldn't go here for all my grocery needs.They have a different "Family Meal Deal" every week which is pretty cool.  For example: Buy 3 pounds of ground beef for $10, get buns, a bottle of water, a salad and a canned vegetable for free.They also have store coupons for random free items with a $25 purchase; this week it was a large cantaloupe and a 64 ounce bottle of apple juice.They have a pretty extensive "ready-to-eat" and hot food stations as well as a nice seating area so you can eat in the market.  Off the top of my head they had a coffee station, ice cream, pizza, deli sandwiches, fried seafood, bbq pork ribs and fried chicken.  I was kind of surprised to see that they were taping a food demo in the deli station and a little more surprised that the Chef doing the demo is kind of my boss (Executive Chef at my restaurant's sister restaurant).This trip I specifically came for TastyKakes (I guess it's an east coast thing; think Hostess, but not as sweet. Also the majority of my bill at $13 for 2 family packs and 5 indiviual packs) and 75-cents per pound broccoli crowns (pretty much the only vegetable my 2-year old will willingly eat) and ended up getting a really good deal on shucked fresh corn ($1 for a bag of 5 ears), a huge watermelon for $2.98 and bottled water (2 gallons for 99 cents and a case of 12 sport-top nestle pure lifes for $1.18).  Oh, and I received the 2 free items that week :)Bottom Line: Occasional good deals on produce and protein. Clean but not worth me driving 15 minutes on the freeway (aside from the few and far between TastyKake cravings) when I have a Fresh&Easy, Albertson's and Smith's walking distance from my home.
3	Visited Glazier's for the first time the other day .  I felt that it was the very impressive market that all have described, HOWEVER my visit was during an early Thursday afternoon when there must have been no more than about ten customers in the whole gigantic store.  The fresh meat selection was huge and extensive (as was the fresh seafood counter).  How can they turn over such large quantities of fresh perishables with apparently so few customers??I had purchased some fresh perch for dinner that looked very good when in the store.  Unfortunately I had to throw it out when I got home as it was spoiled and also had a slight smell of highly diluted bleach (an old butchers trick to mask off-odors).. . . . Also, the single check out lady on duty took almost 8 minutes to process my small (11 item) collection of groceries.  She was much too talkative and even though I had paid with simple cash, was very very slowwwww.
4	Added star for the fresh large pizza for $8.99 special that's freshly made and oven cooked.  It was very good!!
4	The fresh made pizza is DELISH! Cheese pizza is only $8.99 and you can add toppings for $1 each. I love that it is fresh, I saw the guy stretch the dough out right after I ordered. Flavor was great, next time I will ask for mine to be "extra crispy" because I like it crunchier.
4	This is my 3rd review for Glazier's.  Gee whiz, how do I find the time?  Actually, this time I'd like to focus on their prepared food items/pizza/salad bar/gelato.I have tried the pepperoni roll-ups, swedish meatballs, and some other easy prep items from Mrs. G's prepared food area.  None of which was worth trying again.  I'm sadden to say this, really I am.  None of the items had any zip, taste, or verve.  The fiancee and I recently purchased one of their 'new' pizzas.  It's not a NY style, not a deep dish, not a thin/crispy crust.  It's somewhere between a NY and a hmm.... no words to describe it.  The pizza chef/manager told us Glazier's recently (within the last 4 months) changed their pizza recipe.  I wonder why?  Was it not selling, too many complaints, or too many whiny commentors?  So, the new version we brought home was okay and definitely worth forgetting about.  The sauce on the pizza really was quite upsetting.  I personally don't enjoy munching on tomatoes; the pizza had huge chunks of them in their sauce!Ahh the good ole salad bar.   How I love thee.  So fresh, so clean, so good.  My fingers want to keep piling vegetables in my to-go container when I'm around thee.  But at $6.88 per lb. I must  exercise restraint, for I have already created a 2 lb. + monster from your bed of greens.  Remembering when Glazier's first opened, they had fresh dipped ice cream available by the scoop.  Ice cream is good but, I have to be in the mood for it.  However, recently there's been a change in the freezer to GELATO!  This stuff, gelato, yummy goodness, I'm always in the mood for!  COOKIES AND CREAM and MINT CHOCOLATE CHIP are my weaknesses.  Glazier's carries both!  WHY, damn it!  However, at $3.79 for 3 scoops I cannot cower at the price, I'd be willing to pay double or perhaps triple (and have paid 5x the amount for the same thing at the Forum Shops @ Caesar's).Though Glazier's needs some work on the Mrs. G's prepared foods and pizza, they're doing a mighty fine job on their salad bar!  And whomever decided to replace the ice cream with authentic Italian  gelato, I'm coming over to give you a big kiss (j/k).
3	Upscale and slightly more expensive I would compare it to Hagan's in the Pacific Northwest or Foodland in Hawaii.The aisles are wide and the store is really clean. We were even able to find some poke here (which wasn't too bad). The lady behind the counter was also from Hawaii. She was like, "Eh, wea u frum?" Funny how everyone changes up from proper mainland English to pidgin once they think they see Locals. So we struck up a nice pidgin conversation with her. Anyway, we found most of the stuff we needed to make dinner that night here. The poke was a bonus.There's plenty of parking out front.
5	Glazier's basically takes your traditional grocery store and makes everything better.  Instead of starbucks they use illy; the deli counter is enormous and stocked full of boar's head cold cuts; the meat and seafood departments offer great looking food.Everyone in the store is helpful and friendly and the produce section along with the entire store seems so clean and neat.  As Misti stated in her review the store has several ready-to-eat counters and you can easily grab a quick meal to eat there or take with you on a quick work lunch.  Overall, I'm very impressed with Glazier's and plan on making it a place I visit frequently.
4	I absolutely love this store!! Great prices! Great product, produce.. It caters to single families, but also has many bulk items.. I shop here just about every week.. It's one of my favorite stores in las vegas!
4	I dream of strange things. Midgets with ponytails, a one armed man juggling Faberge eggs, and a sober Lindsay Lohan at a PTA meeting stroking  the head of her child who isn't retarded or born addicted to cocaine.  Strange dreams. Sometimes situations can affect your dreams. I once was asleep on a raft in the middle of the Indian ocean and on the third day I dreamed that I was taking a shower in stardust and soaping up Judith Light, not now Judith Light, but second season of Who's the Boss Judith Light...I am not that sick. When I was living in Pago Pago for a few months while on the run from Romanian VCR smugglers, I dreamed that I was being smothered by a giant coconut with a needle stuck in it...long story.  Lastly when I was...um...in college (for 11 years after good behavior deductions)...I dreamed of supermarkets. Standing in front of the commissary staring at Pall Mall, Marlboro and 2 kinds of spam your mind races, your heart yearns and  your bowels release at the thought of a fully stocked supermarket.In Las Vegas the only time your bowels release is if you dare to eat the "manager's special" meats at Smith's...hell if you even touch it you feel a dribble...or leakage if you prefer. Smith's you don't dream of unless you hate humanity. Albertson's you don't dream of unless you dream of gouging humanity. Von's...maybe...if you dream low.  No, you dream of Glazier's Food Marketplace.  The first thing that Glazier's is that it is clean. It is exceptionally clean. I would lick the floor, not that I wouldn't most places, but this one wouldn't send me to the hospital. It was strange being in Las Vegas and seeing such a clean store. It is Las Vegas. Las Vegas is either beautiful, clean, new and sexy...or dirty, disgusting, usually high on meth and on the verge of collapse...thankfully Glazier's is the former.  Glazier's is the sponsor to Smith's dirty disgusting, homeless drug addict. You have seen them in NA. Glazier's is all clean, reciting the steps, he has an inspirational story to tell. Smith's is eating flies off of their shirt and sweating profusely. Next thing you notice about Glazier's is that it is cheap. Not like Von's where the specials are cheap and the rest is very expensive. Glazier's special are great and their normal prices are excellent. It has the price point of Smith's without the chance of hepatitis or food poisoning. Now look around and see all of the different sections for you to peruse... Seafood section, deli, butcher, bakery, pizza place, fresh sushi, and on and on. The sushi is better than Whole Foods or Trader Joe's and a much better price. The fish is fresh and it tastes really great.  The baked breads are very good, the donuts are amazing and the pastries are great.  They also import baked breads, cheesecakes from Carnegie Deli and other great items from quality vendors.  They have a sausage factory...okay...read that again...SAUSAGE FACTORY. I am not talking about Cherry on a Saturday night...I am talking about real sausage. The fruit and vegetable selection is excellent, it is cheap and it is fresh. I bought vine ripened Beefsteak tomatoes for .88/lb. Outstanding. Bought some great oranges, mushrooms, and scallions.  Lastly, for all of you have done time...I mean spent time...in the East cost you know that there is only one good sweet treat...and virtually no one has it in Las Vegas.  Tastycakes. Yes, dear reader...Tastycakes. They are the best desert a human being can buy. Glazier's has them because they have an east coast history.If you like good food. If you like different foods. If you like good deals. If you like clean. If you like self respect. If you like Pilipino biker chicks...sorry...wrong review...then you will like Glazier's.  Just remember this dear readers...never ever stand on you cart and tell them that there is only one thing more beautiful than Glazier's Food Marketplace and pull down your pants.  No matter how right you are...they have to pretend like they don't like it. Damn Puritans...you ruined this country!
4	I haven't officially been here, but the Concierge has brought me donuts from here on two occasions (he said they were 60 cents a piece- cheap, right?)- he brought over a whole box! I had the scrumptious apple fritter, which is enormous, and eat in four parts! The other assorted donuts looked good but it's not my taste (chocolate or glazed). The Concierge raves about it (and mentioned today that there will be a 2nd location in the Eastern/Horizon Ridge area- near my FIL), and one day we might make it there- but it's way the hell out there (from us).
5	I completely adore this store. I have been going here almost since the week it opened. Not much I have seen you can complain about even if you want to complain. You walk and someone always says hi, every section has someone in it for help. It seems everyone who works here knows the entire store. You could not ask for a friendlier staff.They have a little of everything. The produce is as good as you would get at a fresh farmers market only cheaper. I get almost all my produce there. I love the fact that some of the fresh fruit tells you where it was from. Thier watermelon and some of thier apples this week come from a farm in sandy valley with the farmers name on it.They have a real butcher!  One night I was in shopping and they were out of the steaks they had on sale and the butcher said oh wait let me cut you some before I leave and asked how thick I wanted them.Hamburger and chicken is almost always on sale. Normally 80% lean for under two dollars. Seafood section if great as well. Only complaint I would have is they don't always know how to cook some of the fish but I have only had that happen once. Never trying to cook flounder again. I haven't tried thier deli meat yet. Premade salads are very yummy as well. My favorite is the macaroni. Made fresh daily I think. You can try any of thier salads if you ask . I always attempt to try a new one when ever I go in. Only one i havent liked and gotten yet is the pesto salad. I am not a big pesto person but for pesto it wasn't bad. The olive bar and fresh salad bar are out standing. I get the salad or pizza for lunch all the time. If you like the pizza crispy they will throw it in the oven for a minute and crisp it up.For the most part thier prices are great. Some things are a bit much but over all  I have to say this is the best grocery store I have been to. Also thier baby food procedes and pet procedes go back to the comnuity to support rescues and shelters. I love the support of our local comminuty. Yes I know this is a bit long but if you shop here at all you could probably go on for ever about it. Oh one of thier best buys is the doughnut special after 7 pm. If they have any left its buy a dozen get on free.
5	Glazier's is the best market that I've been to in Las Vegas.  It is somewhat like a toned-down Whole Foods.  They have a wide array of selections available to eat now, much like Whole Foods, but it won't cost you your Whole Paycheck (get it?).  The seafood selection is actually larger than Whole Foods, and the meat selection is very nice too.  When you walk around Glazier's you will notice it is not much different than your neighborhood market, but it is the small details that make Glazier's different.  For example, walking by the back section, you see many exact brands you see at most market, but then you will see Chinese Sausage.  What a random, but ridiculously cool, thing to find in a supermarket.  I usually spend about an hour in Glazier's because it takes me 30 minutes just to get the meat and fish I want.  I also really like the Family Meal Deal's they have.  The deals change weekly, but are usually something like: "buy one of these 5# beef roasts and get a bag of potatoes, 6 pack of waters, 12 pack of bread rolls, package of lettuce, 1# bag of carrots, and BBQ sauce for free".  They usually aren't quite as random as my example, but you get the point.  I usually only have to spend about $10 on a roast I may have bough either way, and I get a bunch of stuff for free.  Great deal.  I live on the other side of town (east tropicana) and I still come here about once a week to do my grocery shopping.  It's definitely worth it!
4	My dad and I decided to check this place out since we've been hearing so much good things about it and boy was a blown away. I have only been here once, but I know I'll be coming back. We did a quick sweep through the store however, I am impressed, this place is so clean. And when i first walked in the smell and aroma of this store was mouth watering, a smokey flavorful smell from the grill, the sweet smell of the bakery-tantalizing. They have a sushi area, a bakery and they also have already made food from side dishes to fried chicken. I believe I saw that they make party platters too! On the way in, I was thoroughly impressed that the owners are supporting their local farmers here, since the watermelons that they were selling was from here! Bravo! I am all for supporting local produce. Since I have already went grocery shopping at smiths the day before, I didn't have to buy anything, but I did buy some Limes, 12 count for a dollar! Great deal and the limes were not to ripe and not picked to early. :) I will be back and then you will have my full Review!!! SO far Thumbs Up!
5	Seriously, why don't I have a Glazier's Food Marketplace near my home? This is like a Bristol Farms, Whole Foods, and Gelson's rolled into one without the attitude and high prices. This was like my dream grocery store.They have everything you could ask for...a crazy selection of every prepared food you could want (including a seating area with a baby grand piano...yeah, a freakin' piano,)  ice cream counter including gelato, full service bakery, full service meat counter including a sausage factory, beautiful cheese selection, huge liquor and wine section, and a large selection of groceries, international foods, gluten free foods, and fresh produce. All of this grocery goodness comes to you at a reasonable price and the staff is friendly and helpful.Glazier's is everything I could ask for in a neighborhood grocery store...except for the fact that it is 255 miles from my house. *sadface*
5	We always rec'd their ads in the mail and had been meaning to pay a visit and we were finally in the area so we stopped in.I felt like Glaziers was a combination of whole foods (for the organic options at a lower cost), smith's (they've got a deli and cooked cooked), and a mini-costco (because they have samples) all wrapped up in one. Their prices were just a tad cheaper for some things and about the same or a little more expensive for the other things that we were comparing. My husband was like a kid in a candy store finding all the things that we usually buy at other places, here at a nice price :)
4	Glazier's a regular stop each week for groceries. They have great specials for fresh meat and seafood. Mrs. G label deli meats are a good value, too. The Mrs. G wheat bread is all I buy these days. Produce prices are among the best around. What else is great is the variety of everything... so many brands you won't find elsewhere. I appreciate a little adventure in my shopping, which is likely why I enjoy Glazier's so much.
4	This is a great neighborhood market - not too big or too small. They have excellent freshly-made sushi daily and will gladly make up a custom tray on the spot. Produce, meats, and seafood always seem to be fresh and in good supply. There's also a nice wine and beer section. I haven't tried their other prepared foods yet, but they seem to draw the customers. The employees are friendly and helpful and it's easy to navigate in this store. The only thing I wish they had was a recycling bin for plastic bags, although there is one for bottles. But overall, I always enjoy shopping here.
5	This is my favorite market. Definitely a mom and pop place. I like how this place is good for people who want to cook for themselves. they have great foods that are easily prepared. The deli section if my favorite part. Prices are very good when on sale. The meat department is also great in price compared to other grocery stores. Great selections in deserts as well. And when you're looking for something quick they have a section where they have already prepared the meal and all you have to do is go home and heat it up. They also have a great selection in Asian aisleVery clean and nice staff.... LOVE IT!
4	I love this place! As an east coast transplant, I have missed a lot of snacks and brands from there. When I first walked in I was greeted by the delicious aroma of hand tossed pizza. As I ventured further into the store, I came across a table full of tasty cakes and drakes cakes. Both junk food staples of my youth. They have an entire section in the chips aisle dedicated to wise potatoe chips. They have an entire aisle dedicated to Hispanic foods like Goya, that reminded me of the old bodegas back home. The one thing that holds them back from getting 5 stars is their prices. They do have some great deal like in the produce area, but the general merchandise is a little on the high end, much like Vons (which u guess is still not bad considering Vons has hundreds of stores and Glaziers only has one).
4	I love this grocery store. it's ginormous and the fresh fruit here is great. (and greatly priced!) They offer a wide selection of everything. The only thing I wish they would have more of a selection of is the natural and organic foods along with some greek yogurt. Other than that this place lets me walk around for hours finding new things to make at home. (and getting me hungry along the way.)The staff is friendly, helpful, and can help answer any question you may have.
5	Goodness gracious! I love Glazier's. From their gelato and excellent customer service in the meat department, how can I not complain. They carry varieties of produce, products, and even have their own isle of Naked juice. =)Their pricing is not so expensive, and seems to be neat every time I come in. What got me is that their seafood area had ahi poke! Ahh I am in heaven lol. You will not go hungry in this store, and you will know what you want by the time you get out.
5	Wow, we came into Glazier's on Christmas day looking for an amazing seafood deal for our fancy dinner for two. Low and behold, LIVE LOBSTER $7.77/lb, and to top it off they will steam them for free! We walked out the door with 2 lobster, 2 small rib-eyes and some other necessities for our fab Christmas dinner. Everything in the meat and seafood department looked amazingly fresh and the prices were VERY competitive. Hands down my favorite grocery store. This was just a friendly reminder of why.
4	Glazier's and Von's are the closest stores to my house.  In that i eat out  75% of the time , i only hit the grocery store every 2-3 weeks.  I've hit Glazier's at least 10 times since they opened.  My basic recommendation  is when you walk into the store, stay to your left - the bakery, the deli and the seafood/meat sections are AWESOME .  The deli meats are a little on the high side ...WORTH IT !The seafood selection - great !  few weeks ago got 21-25 Shrimp for $4/pound -- GREAT ! I picked up lobsters ( for bisque ) and a prime rib roast for Christmas dinner - PERFECT !Donuts ...60 cents each - NICE They make their own sausage - about 6-7 types to try - I'VE TRIED THEM ALL !  Have to knock them one star - the right side of the store ain't cheap but they do have some unique items you can't find at other grocery stores in the Valley.I have few decent restaurants in my area but i at least have a grocery store that's a cut above !
5	I really can't say enough good things about this place but I'll put a few of them here so you get the idea. :)I'm a cab driver here in Las Vegas and I've been to just about every supermarket and specialty store as I love to cook.  The quality of the products here in Glazier's in amazing and while some of the prices may be just a little higher, if you check their weekly ad, you'll find more than enough things to balance out your shopping budget to splurge on really great items.Glazier's has a weird habit of taking customer's recommendations and bring those items in (AWESOME right?).  You can tell which ones they are as they have tags showing that they are a new item which has been requested.  As I haven't yet found the need to request any particular item, I'm not quite sure how to go about doing this, but I'm sure the very helpful and attentive staff knows how.They have a lot of items you can't generally find in other stores including UNOs frozen pizzas, a full assortment of Tastykake and Drake's snack cakes, a decent Hawaiian section as well as other things like frozen whole duck or a brick of Scrapple.This is not your regular grocery store and even if it's out of the way, it's definitely worth going to.  I live almost 10 miles away and I'll make the drive at least once a week!
1	The manager of this store should pay attention this kind of attitude.Their meats are good, so I go there. One star rating is for last visit only.This cashier didn't say hi or thank you. What kind of sales person is that?They don't have to be overly friendly, but they should at least say thank you.
5	Great place to shop, they have sugar free salad dressings & choc syrp. Hard to find items R here. Love it
5	Glaziers is now selling another hometown favorite. Pastosa Ravioli, Gnocchi, Stuffed Shells and Mancotti. I grew up a few miles from Pastosa in NY. It made the freshest pasta. I have not had it is in so long. I forgot how good it was. We had it last night for dinner. It was great, brought back a lot of memories. Thanks again Mr. G!
5	A thank you note to Mr. and Mrs. Glazier...Dear Mr. and Mrs. Glazier:Thank you so much for hating retirement to the point of opening up the best grocery store in Las Vegas.  And a big thank you for when building said store that you were nice enought to build it less than two miles away from my house - that was very thoughtful of you!  Thank you also Mrs. G for not keeping your amazing recipies a secret and sharing the deliciousness with us!  Thank you for having friendly, helpful employees. You have my loyalty forever.Warmest Regards,LorrieSeriously though... Hubby actually likes shopping here!  I LOVE shopping here!  Best produce in town without the Whole Foods snob markup!  Love the deli, Love the food court, Love the bakery, Love, Love, Love, Love the meat section!  Everything is fresh, delicious and affordable.  I really love that you can find stuff here that you can't find anywhere else.  This has pretty much turned into my store of choice.  I buy all my produce, meat, bread and some dairy here now.  Yes, the right hand side of the store could be more reasonably priced but I don't mind paying for the excellent customer service and the convenience of such a well stocked store.
3	I was prepared to be totally wowed by Glazier's.  After all, it has all these great reviews.  It's also listed every week in the RJ Wednesday Food section as THE place to find all those goodies from "back wherever you came from" that you can't find in Vegas.Warm Springs and Durango isn't anywhere near where I live, so we made it a day trip.  Yeah, it's big.  Much bigger than I expected.  The Minneola oranges were on sale for a very good price, right near the door where we entered.  Then I saw the Acme Smoked Whitefish Salad, and thought I'd died and gone to heaven.  And then...nothing.Yes, there's a food court.  We tasted gelato.  Okay, but just.  We tasted tuna salad at the deli.  Okay, but Von's is better.  The New York potato salad - ghostly white and drowning in mayo - looked like the kind I wouldn't touch at Pathmark, before its recent well-deserved demise.  Away from the deli counter, it looked like most any other supermarket.  Prices were slightly lower on some things and higher on most others.  I'm thinking that maybe when they have a good sale, you can really score here.  Maybe.  I only glanced at the meat counter, and that looked spectacular, but I rarely buy meat.I did see a few items from back East that I know don't exist in the other local supermarket here, but they're not the stuff that my dreams are made of.  I will say that the employees were extremely friendly and solicitous, and they deserve big kudos.I think I've been Wegmanized.  Wegman's, that fabulously unique supermarket chain that wended its way down from upstate New York to parts of NJ and PA, is like no other.  It's not close to me there either, but it's an outing that I look forward to when I'm back east.  I can't say the same for Glazier's.  That is, of course, unless I get an unexpected craving for Acme Smoked Whitefish.  But I'm too old to be pregnant.
4	I've been shopping here since they opened. I can't believe I've never Yelped them before. It's an awesome Mom & Pop store. You'd never think that the largest supermarket in Vegas is a locally owned one. How awesome is that? The place feels like Whole Foods but without the high prices. Not that they're the cheapest in town, but they are competitive. It's a very spacious store and that really contributes to a great shopping experience. It helps that they are fairly close to my house. If I'm faced with a choice between Glazier's and Albertson's/Smith's/Vons, I'll pick Glazier's every time.
4	Great meat fish market...clean and friendly service!
5	Finally I can buys the things I need to make sauce taste like back east! When I made it through the door I was in shock, i finally felt like I was home! I did a full lap without my wagon to take it all in. My mother in law had told me about this place before but I never went. Really ? Every time someone tells me go somewhere because it's just like New York it never is!! My first visit was for Christmas eve dinner the feast of the seven fishes. The Italian traditional Christmas eve dinner! Everything was perfect! I was just in Glaziers yesterday ordering my daughters birthday cake, and I'm sure it will be amazing! If you get to this market trust me you won't be disappointed! Get yourself some Entenmans coffee cake and a can of chock full of nuts coffee and tell them I sent you!! Ciao :)
5	LV YELPERS :DI'm a fan of Glaizer's!!!I've been coming here since November 2010 :))When I first came here it was 6am on Thanksgiving day... I was looking for last minute items for my feast! :D I was soo hypnotized by the freezer section! I thought I was in ice cream heaven... bright lights and all the ice cream you could ever dream of! wow!Love the prices, selection, and the staff is really friendly!Parking is never a problem and I love their hours.Things I love from Glaizer's:- ahi shoyu poke- Boar's products (fresh cuts of turkey, ham, cheese, chicken) make sure to stop by here and place your order then shop around while your order is in process! when they are busy, it may take up to 15-20 mins. until your order is ready to go.- Their Hawaiian section! good stuff for us local folks...- Stuffed chicken breastI get everything here!Veggies, fruits, poultry, meats, juices, can goods, bread, cereals...I try to keep my visits under an hour because I can get carried away looking at everything! ha.I try to come here once a week when I'm passing by the cut off to stock up my kitchen with Glazier goods since I live further north!... so it's all about timing!My favorite grocery store in Vegas for sure!Don't forget to bring your recycle shopping bags!-Miss Yelp 2011
5	My food boner went from 6 to midnight after walking in here. I'll never shop at another grocery store. Vons lost my business the second I took a look inside this place and shopped there for the first time.I highly recommend shopping here if you live in the area. Highly.
4	A quick update to add some extra stars. Glaziers are really starting to hit their stride and have a heap of options not available elsewhere.They seem pretty good about picking up customer suggestions so I'm hoping for some of my favourites to be added. Here's hoping!
4	Where have I been? Under a rock?  We recently drove past Glazier's after visiting a friend in the hospital in that neck of the woods. I was intrigued but we didn't have time to stop. We mentally made a note to try it out sometime.  After breakfast at Cracked Egg, we made our way to that shopping center. I'd say we do about 85% of our grocery shopping at Fresh and Easy because of the prices but the selection isn't great. The other 15% is usually Smith's or Albertson's. Sometimes they have good sales but it's kind of hit or miss. The selection is decent.  I enjoy Whole Foods but the prices are usually too high and it's a bit out of the way for us. As a previous reviewer mentioned, "Glazier's is Costco, Mariana's, Lee's, Whole Foods, and International Marketplace all rolled into one."  Before I read that, I thought, "Fresh and Easy and Whole Foods rolled into one."I LOVED the selection and the prices were decent. Some items were excellent, some I expected to be a little high (organic brands like Amy's). I will definitely be back again. We were actually able to eliminate another stop we thought we were going to have to make because we found exactly what we needed at Glazier's.
5	My husband and I had some of our first dates walking the isles of the local grocery stores in Hawaii, looking at what was available. We knew then, that food, our first love, would play a part in our relationship, and years later, we still have fun searching grocery store isles. Glazier's food marketplace is a very unique store, walking in seeing the hay stacked around the old truck you know that this isn't the usual grocer. Once you enter you are introduced to the freshest produce. There are boxes stacked with the brightest golden yellow, vivid red and emerald green bell peppers, or sometimes it fresh berry's. Your eyes are jumping around at all the baskets, the stacked boxes and barrels of vegetables and fruits. Finally, your eyes find the white sign placed before the object of delight and you see the price, you take a double take and then a moment of disbelief before you realize it's not a misprint. Prices are reasonable. If you veer off to the left of the entrance, you find the fresh food counters, there is gelato and sushi, drinks, and sandwiches, straight ahead is a baby grand piano, (have yet to see anyone playing it) and it's surrounded by tables and chairs for eating your fresh bought salad from the salad bar, or the fresh baked double chocolate cookies or donuts from the bakery. There is a large selection of fresh cheeses and sausages, I even found my beloved pimiento cheese spread (childhood memory, spread on toast, makes a great sandwich). As you make your way around to the back of the store, you find the meat counter, on display is fresh meats and fishes. If you want a food basket, they can make one up for you. They have a fairly decent wine selection, a comprehensive international area covering several isles, and the rest of the store is just like any other grocery store with the exception of Hawaii products, if you check the freezer isle, you find Zippi's chili, Redondo's Portuguese sausage and even siamin noodles. If you come regularly you can find some really good deals, and with the purchase of $25, you can pick up at least two free items, they change weekly, or the family meal deal. It is a bit off the beaten path for us (Warm Springs and Durango), we tend to stay more north of the 215 but since it's not too far from us, we try to make it in at least monthly.   A very clean, friendly store worth stopping in.
5	After many many years of waiting, drum roll please Vegas now has MY T Fine pudding!!!!!I was reading the taste section in the review journal and the writer posted this as so many people ask for it. My dad was kind enough to go get some for me, good thing, there were only 5 left. Yeah, pudding for dinner. Also another recent find in this wonderful food mecca the NY potato salad. It tasted exactly how it did in the delis in NY. Do I dare ask Mr G if he can now get the Entenmann's Brownie Crumb Ring??
5	Went here to pick up some King's Hawaiian Rolls for my son's preschool class because I was in the neighborhood. Holy Shnikies! Its like the Disneyland of grocery stores. The first thing you see is their HUGE food court with take out, cakes, deli, and the GELATO BAR! Its gorgeous with Dulce De Leche staring me in the face. Luckily I was in a hurry and didn't succumb to the temptation. Everyone was friendly and had a smile on my face. A gentleman (I forgot to get his name because I was busy telling my monkeys "NO" and "Stop that") offered to help me out. What an awesome store. Unfortunately, it isn't close to me but I will definitely stop again when i'm in that neck of the woods.
4	I cook a lot so i frequent the neighborhood grocery stores a lot....Glaziers is really close to my house and next to petco another place i visit ALOT  and  they always have everything i need despite the fact tht its not a massive sized store, Their butcher and meat area is especially nice nice if you cook alot they alays have whole fish (not just flimsy filet's) and they will cut something special for you if they do not have the size of cut you want already out.The staff is very friendly and helpful. Also they're sandwiches are verrrry good my bf was addicted to them for a while. And as far as prices i find its cheaper when i shop there, the only other place i go is Smith's for the same reasons.
5	This supermarket is pretty awesome. When you walk in, you can immediately smell the baked goods from their bakery. Everyone who works here is friendly. It's nice to see Mr. Glazier walking around all the time, making sure everything is going well. There is a great selection of products and if you want something stocked there, you can request it. Afraid you won't get your request? Don't be. They work hard to get it in stock. If you really pay attention to some of the foods they have here, you can see labels that say "REQUESTED ITEM" and there are tons of those. They have tons of different prepared foods you can take home and a huge salad bar. Prices vary, it's not the cheapest but it's not the most expensive. This is probably one of the neatest supermarkets I've seen.
4	I just love the vibe here. It has the Whole Foods feel without the price tag.  I buy good quality greeting cards here since they're 50% off.  Big assortment of baked good, meats, seafoods, etc. They have a small Hawaiian selection and they sell Poke. Prices are reasonable.
1	Prices are higher/the same as competitors. The salad bar is unique- I'll give them that. My 1 star rating is for the inappropriate service I had from the checker. I have also found out they are non-union (no wonder their service is sub-par). I spoke to a manager who said that he was surprised that I got bad service because of all the compliments they get from others... He only apologized after I asked him why he wasn't sorry that I had a bad experience. There are too many grocery stores in the area to be bothered by bad service.
5	This store is the best in town.  If there is something you want they will get it for you. Food is always fresh and the cakes and baked goods are also good
4	Wow.  This all-in-one grocery store is better than the chains we usually go to, and I'm so happy that I'll soon be living right next door to this place.  They keep it immaculate, well stocked, and the service is great.  They have everything you can think of, from cakes to frozen fish, fresh sausage to a fresh pizza.  I could eat there every day for lunch, really.  Great prices, too.
5	I enjoy going to this place because they offer a variety of Hawaii/international products throughout the store not just a small section like most store that carry Hawaii/international products. more relaxing environment then albertson, smith, vons. go there late at night and score 24 donuts for couple dollars usually $1-2 a piece most places. good selection of seafood, meat, and beer. fresh vegetables. already made individual meals are awesome better than the frozen package meals.
2	I used to love shopping at Glazier's. USED to love it. Today I went in for my usual Monday morning grocery run. Since I have a new iPhone I wanted to take a photo to post with my Yelp review. So I'm over by the bakery section and this employee comes out and just starts yelling at me "You can't take pictures in here! That is AGAINST COMPANY POLICY!" And on and on and on. I mean, what kind of store doesn't allow photography of any kind? Makes me wonder what the hell they are trying to hide! So after this incident I asked where the stated policy was that said "no photos." No signs posted anywhere. But when I started looking around the store, I noticed more and more customer un-friendly signs. "All backpacks and bags must be checked." "We can refuse service to anyone." "All bakery boxes will be opened and checked." And top it off, the store has these hulky looking security guards that wander the store and will follow you around! Glazier's makes me feel like a thief! I've concluded that you should only shop here if you want to be made to feel like a second class citizen or shoplifter. Seriously!I'm really sad about this because it is such a nice store. Great produce and while it's too expensive for everyday grocery shopping, the wide aisles and wide assortment make it fun to look around. Of course, one dissatisfied customer is worse than having 100 happy customers because, believe me, I am going to share this story with everyone I know. I don't think Glazier's wants to upset the upper middle class community so they might want to rethink the unfriendliness of the store. Instead of shopping at Glazier's, it's going to be Whole Foods only for me.
4	Someone else said, "Fresh and Easy meets Whole Foods." I think that's pretty accurate. Glazier's has a great selection of produce and ethnic ingredients. They also have a super bakery, gelateria, coffee counter, deli, and meat/seafood section. In addition, there are a variety of prepared meals if you aren't the cooking type and just want to warm something up, but don't want Lean Cuisine or Hungryman again. The people who work there have always been really friendly and helpful. The ladies at the deli counter are particularly friendly and they have a station in front of the deli where you can enter your order and come back to pick it up after you're finished with the rest of your shopping rather than waiting.Someone gave them a one star review because they wouldn't allow her to use her fiance's credit card. I think it's just good business practice to not accept cards when the person presenting them to you does not have his/her name on said card. Someone else said she was not allowed to take pictures. I've taken pictures there without incident so that seems suspect as well.Overall, this is a great place to shop. I hear they're opening one in Green Valley soon too.
5	I love this place!! Like all super markets prices are ok, unless things are on sale so not gonna address that. What makes this place special is different counters and what they offer. Produce: when on sale great prices and fresh, stuff I buy here lasts longer than other groceries. Gelato: Get the chocolate, I don't even like sweets but my got it and it's great, not overly sweet with a nice bitter bite. Sandwhiches: There is jersey sasndwhich (italian) with great boars head meats, with aged provolone (if you have tried this it's great cheese) the only thing that was ok was the bread, it was not on the same level as the ingredients. Pizza: not the best but for $5.99 on wednesdays its the best bang for your buck on wednesday. Flowers: wife seems to like the arrangements I have gotten each time so I guess they are good or my wife is jsut happy to get any flowers from me. :)
4	When I first moved to this side of town my good friend is all "Oh, you'll be close to Glazier's!"  So naturally, I headed there to do some heavy duty grocery shopping.  Bad idea.  Compared to Smith's, the prices here are significantly higher.  I would not recommend doing regular grocery shopping here.What I would recommend is checking out Glazier's for their usually very cheap produce and their awesome deli.  This place is more expensive than a lot of stores but it is a higher class of grocery shopping.  They offer a lot of unique, hard to find items, and as I mentioned, their deli is amazing.  The prepared salads (i.e. artichoke mozzarella salad) are very fresh and tasty.  Also, I have purchased the Tuna Poke many times and find it to be the best in town!
4	Glazer-riffic! I LOVE this place! On our way over to a friends party we stopped by this grocery store to pick up a couple things. Right when I walked in the front door I knew this corner market was different than everyone else.The ceiling is high and the isles are wide and open. There are people cooking everywhere! Icecream  / gelato bar in the front, bakery, butchers, a deli with a million choices...and a hot foot center. YUMMY! I could have stayed here all day looking around at all the goodies. The prices were awesome and the people were so friendly. I hope they build one close to my house. I would do all my shopping there. If you are in the area you will kick yourself if you do not stop here. Glaziers =Wowziers!~
5	I usually dread grocery shopping but I feel much better knowing I will eat the best Philly Cheese steak ever before hand. I order their freshly made potato chips to go with it and I'm in bliss! The mix of the melt in your mouth cheese and the crunchy chips is such a great combo. I look forward to coming here so much I try to eat all the veggies and fruits that I buy here on a weekly basis so I can hurry back!
4	I love Glazier's.  The checkout is fast and courteous and the selection is great.  This place is far superior to the Vons store across the street.  They have a great hot food selection as well those (frequent) times I am too lazy to cook.  This may also be one of the cleanest grocery stores I have ever visited.What keeps me from giving Glazier's five stars is the fact that they are not a 24 hour store.  Also, I find their coupons tend to be hit or miss.  Seriously, one week it was a free two liter bottle of some sort of crappy generic diet soda.  Yeah, I was beating down the door for that one.  If the coupons were for useful items, I would give five stars.
5	I am moving an area near Glazier's and I think I am more ecited about being closer to this place than I am about my new house. I come here for the high quality produce. I have noticed that when other grocer's products aren't looking well, Glazier's still has beautiful products. The prepared food is also really good. I usually don't eat grocery store sushi but this wasn't bad. The pizza place is awsome as is the deli. Count me in as one of the people that love this place.
4	The people are so friendly!I've been here so many times - but couldn't check in until recently.  The thing was that I was spelling "Glaziers" incorrectly. It is GLAZIERS, not GLACIERS! :)   This isn't my regular shopping place, but because my in laws and brothers live by this store I come once in a while to get my fix of poke.  The last few times I came, it was all bought out.  But when you can find it, it is fresh and good.The Apple Fritters are a STEAL and so delicious!  It is my WEAKNESS!  The produce is great, the deli, bakery, butcher is top notch.  We've bought bread, produce, meats, POTATO SALAD.  It is all really good.  They have a salad bar here as well as prepared food.  I've been trying to get a group of people to come here for lunch so we can try it out sometime.I did price some items I buy a lot like Kashi Cereal and Quaker Rice Cakes. The prices for those items were not competitive.Besides that, the place is extremely clean, the employees are stellar and most of their prices work.
4	Love this store! Lots of fresh produce and items other markets don't sell. Its a pretty large store and every time I go its clean. The breads muffins and pizza are all good but the best was the cake i ordered for my daughters 1st grade class. I placed the order 2 days before told the lady what I wanted and paid. Only 34 bucks for a special order sheet cake. When I came back to pick it up the cake was so much better than I thought it was going to turn out!! I really cant say enough. About an hour later we all got to dig in. The cake was moist and the whipped topping was just right sweet but not over bearing. This will most definitely be my go to place for cakes!
4	It's not very often you can cruise through your local grocery store and bump into the owner ask for a product not currently on the shelf and it appears a few weeks later.  Glaziers offers hard to find east coast products flown in special.  The staff is very helpful from the meat counter up to checkout.  The prices are higher the your local Smiths or Albertsons but the offer 2 free items with a $25 purchase which typically offsets the price differential.  This is my primary market despite the fact that I pass 3 other grocery stores on my way.
5	It is so nice living right around the corner from this place. Some of the food prices are higher than Wal-Mart, but it's so much more convenient. hey have the best prices on meat.
5	Who writes a review for a grocery store? ME. I don't live in Las Vegas but I visit often and stay right around the corner from Glazier's. I LOVE IT. I would rather come here than go out to eat. Their salad bar is amazing and always fresh and crisp. Their produce selection is phenomenal and decently priced. They have the cheapest food I have ever seen. Granted, I live in a very small town with few options, so I could be exaggerating the awesomeness. But if I lived here I would regularly shop here and eat here!
4	My summers comprise of late nights driving to various places in the city. Surprisingly enough, Sin City doesn't have many places to go to after midnight that don't involve liquor. But I loved going to Glazier's with my friends after hours. The croissants are to die for. Buttery, flaky, and definitely calorie laden. They were the premise of driving to Glazier's until we walked around. The only way to describe it is Whole Foods meets Wal-Mart, in all the best ways. Prepared food is a feast for the eyes as it wrapped around corners, and is everywhere you look. The produce is reasonably priced, and the ethnic food selection is quite impressive for being in suburbia. Glazier's is one of my favorite supermarkets in town. If only I lived closer, I'd be here all the time; however, for my waistline, I am grateful I do not.
4	Glazier's is definitely growing on me. Every time I go in I seem to find another reason I should shop there more often. I usually split shopping with Trader Joe's and Fresh and Easy, along with a stop or two at VONs throughout the week. While Glazier's isn't replacing any of these altogether, it will definitely be added to the rotation. Great produce selection at great prices. Fruits and veggies are some of the cheapest in town. Bakery section with deserts is amazing. I have heard the owners are from NY area and I can see the influence in their bakery and desert section. You will also find some other east coast brands you do no find elsewhere. I mean i knew when I saw Yancey's Fancy cheese, that these guys were going out of their way to source good brands from back east. If you miss an east coast grocery store experience, or would like to find out what a good one is like, check this place out.
4	So I went shopping here for the first time the other day at the recommendation of a friend and boy was I happy that I followed her advice.  Shopping here was a pleasant experience, as the market was nicely laid out and they were well staffed.  The prices here were fair, and I would say for the quality of the produce and meat products possibly on the lower end.  I really like that they have such a large hot food counter, it's like having 3 mini-restaurants inside the market.  I also like that at their deli counter, you can put in your order and come back and get it when you're done shopping so you don't have to stand around waiting.  I also got some of their shrimp and cooked them for dinner last night, and I'm really happy to say tat they were well cleaned and did not taste fishy or bad, which can happen all to often here in Vegas.To put it succinctly, I'm really happy that Glazier's is now my local market.
4	Don't let the protesters scare you, this place is rad!
4	Glazier's might be one of my new favorite places to shop. Their seafood quality and quantity are pretty fresh. We stopped by here to get live lobster. 11.99 a lb and they can steam it for you. We also bought some live clams and they were only 5.99 a lb. I think that Glazier's can be reasonable price wise especially for their fresh seafood, but other things can be pretty pricey. It's clean, efficient and has most everything you might need. I know I will be back to Glaziers to make more delicious meals.
5	Basically the only thing I can say is go to this grocery store! It is the BEST! The deli, the bakery and the meat dept. are the best I have ever come across. They make everything in the deli themselves. The meat dept has the biggest selection of in house made sausage. They are very good!! Now since Las Vegas is such a big melting pot with people coming from all areas of the USA and beyond they really reconize that and carry lots of "hometown" brands. Makes it really nice when you go there and find stuff that noone else in town carries,but you know its special because its from your hometown or state.Also, this place is amazinly clean. The store is 25 miles one way from my house, but you can only find that shopping experience at Glazier's so it is well worth the drive. Check 'em out for yourselves! I'm confident you will love them also!!
5	Yelp Challenge!  Started 8/20/2011 (3 of 365) If you want to have a different grocery shopping experience that is fun, interesting, and feels like an adventure, then go to Glazier's Food Marketplace.This place is awesome!1 star = For the variety.  You come in here, and there is so many things to choose from.  Once you see what is available, you start coming up with all these random ideas on what to cook!2 stars = For the prepared meals.  There are little shops in there that sell already cooked meals from pizza, to sushi, to sandwiches, and even artisan breads and cakes.  There is even a salard bar for to-go salads!3 stars = For Mrs. G meals!  Prepared meals!  Pasta salads, egg salads, salmon, chicken, etc.  Too lazy to cook?  Come to Glaizer's and buy some of Mrs. G's meals!4 stars = Cheese selection.  I have never seen such a huge cheese selection.  I love cheese!5 stars = Meat selection.  You can order these through a kiosk machine!  If you don't know what to cook tonight, come to Glazier's.  You will defintely go home with many ideas!
5	I love Glazier's, so happy is up the street from home.It's a little taste of PA here in Las Vegas (still waiting for the Yuengling).Great staff and service. Some of their prices can be a bit high, but their sales are outstanding.My favorite find is the lobsters, priced great and they'll steam them for you free!Their bakery rocks too, for doughnuts...go early for the freshest and best variety, they are soft and delicious.You can even eat lunch or dinner their...pizza, fish and chips, sushi, salad, sandwiches, etc.Hope they stick around.
4	Health food and other region items can be affordable! That is the lesson that I have learned from Glazier. Just as long as you go somewhere else for produce. Walking through that section is disappointing when you look at everything else. This grocery store carries a good selection of ethnic goods and food stuff from the east coast. I am always trying to be a healthy eater and Glazier might be another step in the right direction.I love the Bragg's Apple Cider Vinegar drinks, but Glazier has took it a step further by carrying the pure solution for me to mix on my own. For $6, I can make 20+ drinks. That alone screams saving since a bottle of the premix drink cost $2.50. It might not sound so good at first, but it taste like a more tart apple cider. Just follow the instructions on the vinegar bottle.On top of my discovery, they have a nice food court. The gelato caught my eyes, but I was too full to try.
3	Sometimes you can find good deals, other times it's not worth the trip. Good products and selections. Friendly staff. Checkers are a little slow and seem like they haven't been trained thoroughly. The checker today didn't even know the number for bananas... It's 4011 by the way. Overall it's a nice place. Prices are okay.
5	Things I miss about the greater Phoenix area:1. AJ's2. Sprouts3. Smashboxx4. A select group of friends.5. That's it.Today, after reading countless mailers for Glazier's, I finally decided to make the drive to this LOCAL grocery store. It's like Sprouts and AJ's all rolled into one.Thank God, because the first two on this list were something I grew to love while in Phoenix/Scottsdale.For those that don't know...AJ's is a local high end chain in the Phoenix area (think Whole Foods but smaller and for the nose up crowd like myself)...and Sprouts is similar to Trader Joe's but the stores are much larger.Ok, back to Glazier's.As soon as you stroll in, you are greeted to a very pristine sales floor. Everything looks immaculate! The produce section is perfect, the prices are competitive, and the selection is great! The hot deli section has everything from knishes, to pizzas, crab cakes, and even Cincy-style chili. Boom.The meat section...to die for. Everything else is laid out just like any other grocery store, but the rest is still just as clean, and perfect as the entrance.I am so glad this store is close to my house. There is a location in Henderson if you live out there.If you read the various rags around town, you'll notice that Glazier's consistently wins "Best Grocery Store" in Las Vegas. There is a reason. This place is the ish.I can't wait to come back!
4	You know a supermarket is pretty cool when you go there and you don't even NEED anything. You just wanna walk around! Clean, fully stocked and with its own unique soundtrack, Glazier's is a shopping experience. Where do I begin...Produce fans rejoice cause not only is there a ton of it, there are great specials! Humming right along with the seasons, whatever fruit or veggie is in its prime, you'll find it right up front. They also have a lot of exotic fruits to choose from which is cool. Make your way further to the left of the store and you'll find one of my favorite things about Glazier's. They serve Boars Head cold cuts. These are the ONLY cold cuts to mess with...you will never buy slimy generic meats ever again. Coming from NY I appreciate any store that carries those fine products. The butcher has tons of prepared/marinated/no work for you meats to choose from, including shish kabobs that look awesome. The salad bar is fresh and packed with yummy toppings if you're looking to scarf something down either there in the cafe or at home in front of the TV. I can't even talk about the food court strip in the front of the store...SO wonderful, even if you have a basket of food that you fully intend to cook that night, something there will suck you in. Love the paninis. The aisles are wide and they have a great selection of brands, lots that you can't find normally out here. A good example is Ronzoni pasta, a back east fave. The staff is super friendly, almost to a fault, since you've now purchased so much food you just want to check out and speed home to eat it all. No rewards program yet though, what's up with that? Oh and by now if you've walked all around the store you've noticed the odd music, it makes me laugh. I've figured out that they play very dramatic instrumental versions of movie music, sometimes I feel like  breaking into interpretive dance. A bit overkill. Overall a great shopping experience. I'm so glad it's near my house!
5	Okay, so I don't even know where to start with this one because this store really is that incredible. If you've lived in Las Vegas for awhile then I'm sure you've traveled or vacationed to other places only to return home and wonder to yourself: "why don't we have any of those cool things they have in ____", well now, we finally have one of those places!       Glazier's Food Marketplace, aside from how freakin' cool it is, is also one of those things this city has been in need of for quite some time. In the midst of all the typical chain grocery stores like Smith's, Albertsons, Vons, ther was never really anything that stood out before, which makes Glazier's a breath of fresh air.     When you first walk in the door you can see rows of fresh produce directly in front of you, but turn to your left and you can immediately see what makes this store different. They have an open market-style feel with fresh pizza, deli, gelatto bar, fresh coffee, sushi and other fish. Turn to your right and there is a self-serve salad bar with a plethora of toppings. Walking towards the back there is a bakery to your left, a full service deli salad counter to your right, a huge sausage ad meats counter in the back with all kinds of fresh cuts. Next to that there is a seafood counter with a wide selection and they even steam your crab for free! Just before your make the last turn to the right to head to the grocery isles there is a deli meats and cheese counter and this is what tops the list. To order your sandwhich meats and cheeses you first walk up to a kisok, choose what you want as much as you like, touch the screen to submit your order and it prints you out a reciept to take along with an order number and you can choose to have it text you when your order is complete! If you decide to wait while they work, there are screens that tell you which of the four stations are working on your order and you can watch your meats sliced fresh! It's nice for busy people to not have to wait at the counter all night on someone that has no idea what they want, because the most time consuming part of the process is moved out to a kiosk. Best idea ever in a grocery store. That wraps up the open market syle area with classy neon signs along the walls and a seating area with a live piano playing while you have a bite to eat.     As you go down the rest of the grocery isles, you can tell there is a much wider selection of things you wouldn't find in a typical grocery store. All kinds of specialty items so unique, and hard to find, like chocolate soda lol. The prices on some of these things are a little higher than other stores, but you cannot beat the prices they have on fresh food. Glazier's has rows and rows of fresh, in-house prepaired food for you to take home and use or finsh. Their pastries section is unrivaled in selection and price. The best part of all is when time came to check out, they had all 8 of their checklanes open and four more express self checkout lanes bringing the total to 12. How often do you see ANY store with 100% of their checklanes open? Yeah.     I could literally ramble on all day about how amazing this grocery is, but all I can really say is to go check it out for yourself. When you do go, be sure to leave yourself plenty of time to wonder through the store. You are guranteed to find something you will love, but giver yourself the time to see it all. We didn't have enough time to take it all in, though I already can't wait to go back and check it out again. It's 24 miles from my house in Centennial Hills but plan on making the trip frequently as I know it will be worth it. This city is lucky to have such a wonderful, local store to shop for food. This is a very unique place and everyone in this city is missing out if you don't go. Thank you for opening this Mr. and Mrs. Glazier, retirement is overrated anyway lol.
5	Love Glazier's!  I have been shopping here since they opened and I hae NEVER any problems, except maybe over-eating.  So much good food!  Just from the deli counter: chocolate covered bananas, illy coffee, fresh sushi, fresh baked pizza, panni sandwiches (super yummers), I could go on and on.  Then enjoy your food while listening to a player grand piano.  Then add a grocery store with a plethora of specialty foods like homemade sausages.  So good.
2	First time going to Glaziers, and I was wowed by the layout of the store. It's almost like a Whole Foods as far as having the deli and different choices of food to order. But I can say one thing about their pizza. *Hard*. Thinking it being a New York style pizza, you'd think "thin crust". Not really. The dough is pretty tough, not flaky crispy. If I saved this pizza for leftovers, when it cools I'm going to play Frisbee golf. And the instructions you get on the pizza only states, "Preheat oven to 350F". That's it. It doesn't tell you how long to actually bake it for. The marinara sauce was alright. I would say that was the only good thing about the pizza. I got the cheese pizza because the pepperoni pizza only had maybe 10-12 pepperonis. It just didn't look like enough pepperoni. So got the pepperoni individually. So, as far as take and bake pizza goes, I wouldn't recommend it. I'd rather go to Costco.
5	My first time to Glazers and what a nice experience!  Exceptional seafood and great prices on vegetables and wine.  Anthony was my cashier and was so informative and customer oriented.  I don't live close to Glazers but that's where I will do my shopping from now on.
5	I love everything about this grocery store & can't say enough good things about it. It has great prices, awesome selection, special family meal deals that are great for my large family & if it wasn't for the long drive (15+ miles for me 1-way!) it would probably be the only grocery store I shopped at.BUT.. one thing that fellow yelpers have said in their reviews is that there is a Glazier's in Henderson. Unfortunately, this isn't true or at least not yet. Supposedly there was one planned for the shopping center at Horizon Ridge & Green Valley by the end of 2011. As we all know, it's now 2012 & still no Glazier's there :( I look forward to the completion of a Glazier's store anywhere in Henderson & will be sure to update when/if it happens!
5	I'm a new local in Vegas and just getting used to all the stores.  I was so happy to find Glaziers.  The prices are extremely reasonable and their weekly deals are great.  Always pick up a coupon paper on your way in.  There are usually two free items when you purchase more than 25 dollars in groceries.  Anything from toothpaste to celery.  They also have great package deals where if you buy some meat you get a bunch of free stuff.  It's not high quality stuff, sprite, potatoes, onions, buns, etc...but it's free and great when you are on a budget.  I have had nothing but great interactions with the staff.  At the deli counter one of the ladies was actually cutting coupons for us so we were sure to get our discounts.  I saw someone posted that the produce is just a day away from being rotten.  I have not found this to be the case.  If you know how to inspect fruits and veggies, ie don't buy the greens that are yellow, it isn't a problem.  Everyone should know how to shop for veggies, if you don't, you probably shouldn't be a vegetarian.I'm going back right this moment...glad this place is close to me!
3	I like this place because of the variety and freshness. I give three stars because the deli is constantly behind in orders. I usually put my order in on the computer that they have in the store and then I will continue shopping. It will usually say an estimate of how long your order will take but every time it takes too long. I had to wait about 45 minutes just for cheese!
5	Glaziers is hands down the best grocery store in Vegas. It's better than the second best grocery store in Vegas (that'd be the Whole Foods at the district in Henderson) by having both a great selection of non-organic and non all-natural items, and having spectacular deals. You can regularly get two giant freshly cut chicken breasts from the meat department for less than $2.50. The place was featured on extreme couponing and recently had a BOGO on excellent already nicely priced cheeses that caused me to buy the max on consecutive days. Sh*ts cheap yo.Also the produce here all appears to be sculpted out of wax. It's amazing. Most of the fruits and vegetables have cut open "displays" so you can see the grade of what you're buying. They have fruits here I've never seen before that make star fruits seem tame. Beyond this the meat department will custom order things happily for you if they don't already have it. They have provided me some of the finest turkey legs and lamb that have ever graced a grill.
5	The best grocery store in Vegas. I didn't believe that said much either. The first couple times I went in, I was so impressed by their selection (I had been hunting for watercress and found it here for $2/head) that I didn't even notice the great prices. I was so grateful for such an awesome selection, and so close to my new house. When I noticed the specials, I couldn't believe it. I don't know how they offer such hard-to-find produce at such good prices, especially here in the desert. This place makes Vegas a real city, they have a lifelong supporter! If you live anywhere near this store and like eating, then definitely make a trip, you won't regret it. :)
5	I am by nature a creature of habit, finding it difficult to make change. That's why this was my first visit to Glazier's at Warm Springs Rd.& Durango On first entering the store I thought I was back at Whole foods, where I haven't been, for over a year, (don't ask).To my surprise and glee I found it much better stocked then most in the City, finding products I had long wished to see again. I also found to my delight Drakes Devil Dogs, no more expensive shipping from the East Coast, and only at $5.49 for eight.What really pleased me the most was finding Ahi Tuna for sale. I haven't had this in years as most Japanese restaurants find it too expensive to carry.I also had the luck to find large organic Fuji apples, I am eating one right now and it is crisp and  sweetly satisfying.I can highly recommend Glazier's Market at this address, having done enough shopping in my lifetime I will be making them my first choice whenever I need food supplies.Mmmmm that Fuji apple was delicious!
3	This is the closest grocery store to my house, so it is the new go-to when I'm in a food emergency. I was really excited to browse the store because I remembered I used to buy dirt cheap sweet potatoes here when I was making baby food. The produce here is excellent; it's good quality at a great price. HOWEVER.... mostly everything else is more expensive than Wal-Mart. They don't have a generic brand and I'm a cheapo, so I love generic when it comes to things that are easily generic ie: sliced cheese, canned anything, and cereal. The prices are comparable to Albertsons and definitely lower than the Vons across the street. They have the ad at the front of the store in a basket with the coupon at the bottom if you spend more than $25, you'll get something random. Last week, it was a bunch of celery (something I actually needed), and this week, it was 6 Campbells Tomato or Chicken Noodle soups. To reach the $25 limit, you cannot include dairy products, so my total ended up being $23.80 since they count Almond milk as dairy (who knew). All in all, not bad for my new neighborhood grocery store.
5	Love the organic.. healthy and reasonably priced!
2	Seriously, Not Impressed. Here's why. The Good: Premade foods. They have lots and lots of choices. Lunchmeats and Cheeses: They carry Boar's Head. The full line of it. And when I say full line I can't do it justice. They do carry odds and ends you can't find anywhere else. You want a Vienna Beef Chicago Style Hotdog or Polish Sausage Dog? They got the real thing. International food: They carry a modest selection of things that I've seen elsewhere so if you live close by you can save some time by buying it here. Like Apples? They carry some varieties you don't see very often. The Bad:When you look closer the product mix is weird. They have high end and ultra high end stuff mixed in with Western Family and Springfield generic lines. Good luck talking to anyone in the butcher shop, I tried twice. The premade salads right up front had the visual appeal of Purina puppy chow that got splashed into a dog's water bowl. Mushy, yucky, slimy, bleech. Produce: For a place that carries international food their produce section is downright small and limited. One type of eggplant for example, Albertsons carries more varieties. The piped in music lulls one to semi-consciousness so you don't notice the problems this store has.They have a token beer and wine selection that barely warrants the floor space and cost of the liquor licenses they have to maintain for it. The Ugly: Pricing. Does anyone in Vegas comparison shop? If you were price conscious you would spot things right away. I didn't take the time to write down everything I saw but I could easily come up with a 30 item list where prices are 30 to 35 cents higher for the same items, some things were over $1 more, and I saw some items that I can get way cheaper elsewhere in Vegas saving $3 or more per item. And we're not even going to begin to compare them with Winco on basic items. Produce Quality: Overpriced, overripe avocados shows someone isn't paying attention to what's put on display as an example of several other quality problems this store has. In short...count me among the unimpressed and the ones who will likely not go back.
5	i love there fresh produce and great selection of asian stuff..
5	You don't know anything if you haven't been to this store!! The sweet deals they have on meats seafood, and poultry etc.etc. First time I went here I really thought it was another Whole Foods type place.  But not really, I slowly started discovering that this market has items that you won't find at a VON'S, SMITH"S, Or Albertson's. If you think of an item you can't find from these other markets, GLAZIERS will have it 90% of the time. I've seen so many selections that you won't find anywhere else.  They also have a wide selection of prepared food. if you don't feel like cooking. I talking meals.  Oh I also found smoked turkey legs here, oh so good!!! Come and check it out if you haven't already...This was a very impressive store to go to.
1	I don't understand why this grocer is open.  If you'd like deals, go to Albertsons.  If you'd like a small shopping store experience, Trader Joes.  Organic-Whole Foods.  The majority of the time, this store is overpriced and seems to be confused of what kind of grocer it is.
4	This store is close to home and it is our go to place for really good meat (besides the butcher shop on Rainbow). We have been coming here to get this staple in our refrigerator for some time now and they do not disappoint. Additionally they have many other things that you can get in a pinch if necessary but doing some price comparison shopping with other places I have noticed they are a little higher than the other places I go to get things. I do have to say I like their veggie bar that's over in the Deli area. We come here to get some side dishes when we are in a hurry or to get Garlic Mushrooms for the many many recipes they seem to go well in. They have these awesome garlic knots that you can get from the cooler near where they sell the cooked pizzas and the pizzas fixings to make your own. Also, the Gallo White Zin (when I am on a tighter budget) is 2.76 (I think) everyday of the week since we have been going there, all Galo wines so we get some moscato now and then as well.
1	if you like paying more for spoiled meat and chicken this is your place. store is clean looks nice but has many problems.1)employees are miserable and it shows,they are the least helpful group i have ever seen anywhere, and after meeting mr glazier i can see why. very rude belligerent man.2) everywhere you go there are cheap made athome signstelling you not toeat donuts till you pay forthem,1 sample perperson andetc.. makes you feel likea 2 yr old again.3)prices for canned goods and frozendgoods healthcare are ridiculously high4)i bought some pork once got it homeand turned it over it was gray andslimy and smelly,itook it back toexchange and butcher argued with me, sayingthats how its supposed to be..lol...
4	An all-in-one grocery store. Not only groceries but a huge salad bar, pizza, chicken, paninis, sushi and more in the 'food court' area. They have a huge fresh made convenience (pre-made, packaged) food area. Nice size deli, slicing mostly Boar's Head meats and cheeses. A great bakery with all kinds of fresh breads, rolls, pastries, enough to make a diabetic go into sugar coma just walking by it.Forgive me, I have not done my homework on the folks who own this place but there's a definite Northeast connection somewhere here. A lot of products that I've heard can only be found 'back east'. Well you can either go back east or stay right here in Vegas and get what you've been craving.Produce is the main reason I come here. Not always the best looking stuff but you can't beat their prices. If you can stand carrots that are as crooked as a dogs hind leg or cilantro that looks a bit gangly, then try this out. Don't get me wrong, they have a lot of top quality stuff too, I love the hot pepper selection (and price).Fresh (frozen) fish and meat area are decent, good selection, sometimes you can get good deals, other times not. Otherwise, as you migrate from left to right (as most people do) you'll find the occasional good deal here and there, but honestly I go to Smiths or Vons for the canned goods, dairy, breakfast foods, etc. price wise Glaziers can't quite compete there. As most smart shoppers, you have to compare prices and make your own choices.Overall a good, fun place to shop (and browse) and the employees are always very friendly although the music they play overhead is probably among the worst ever. But hey, don't let that keep you from checking it out
4	I was very impressed, and I only was there for a short time.  They had all kinds of things that I haven't seen at other grocery stores, and seemed quite reasonably priced. Moreover, it was clean and well organized.  I was blown away by the "food court" area as well as the bakery with the variety of fritters.  I didn't have much time to shop, but I really liked what I did see!  I will return!
4	Its good cheap and close to my house ! Glad i shop here over the big boys !!
5	Glaziers customer service is top notch.  I called looking for a particular item and SAME DAY by 5pm, they had 2 cases of it, waiting in their cooler for me.Their house made paninis are delicious, pizza is fresh, sushi is tasty, cuts of meat are pricey but worth it, house made sausage is flavorful.Shop the sales and you will get good deals!Looking forward to going there more often.  Thank you!
5	Hands down, the best grocery store in LV.  My girlfriend and I live nearby, and this is where we do most of our shopping for food and household items.  The customer service is phenomenal.  If you could dream up the perfect supermarket, this would be it.  Theres a bakery, hot food line, butcher, and salad bar, and the selection of wines and cheeses is good too.  The store is immaculately clean, and well stocked at all times.  They carry items you wouldn't find in most grocery stores, and you can even suggest that they stock something in particular if they don't already have it.  Love shopping here.  The cashiers and security guards are super friendly and know us by name.   Glaziers sets the standard in which I measure every other supermarket.
5	This place makes me super happy.  They have so many "East Coast" faves, even Pastosa's pastas!  Clean store, good prices...  Win!
2	This place is highway robbery. The prices are so high, I guess it's to pay for the rent in the area. I can go else where to buy cheaper food. The place is very clean and nice like whole foods but the price forget about it. The butcher area is a joke. The just package the meat. Tried ordering some meat they told me to go to the fridge area. sigh. They do have little things that other stores don't carry but it's not necessary. Also they don't have blue chips. Meanwhile they have like 4 dozen other chips but they don't have blue chips Grr. But some sales are ok here.
1	I have been a customer of Glazier's for a number of years, and I was APPALLED today by the treatment I received from the customer service desk, and subsequently from "Flora", the front end manager.Every week after I do my shopping, I stop at customer service to get a roll of quarters. Today, I was told by the lady behind the counter, "We dont' normally do this, but I will do it for you today." First of all, as an individual who earns my living developing customer service training programs, I was taken back to say the least. I asked to speak to the manager, and was presented with a lady named Flora, who only made matters worse. I told her that I had been a customer for years and that being told "We normally don't do this." outraged me. She only made excuses and NEVER ONCE apologized and offer to get me a roll of quarters right away. Glazier's owners should be incensed that this lack of customer service is being exhibited by front end management.I informed Flora that I would not be shopping with Glazier's any longer and it didn't phase her in the least. I even gave her the groceries I had just purchased and asked for a refund.I REFUSE to shop at an establishment that treats their customers in this manner.They tout themselves to be "family owned"... a "mom and pop" which is why I support them. I HATE BIG BOX RETAILERS, but am now forced to shop elsewhere due to the piss poor management they have entrusted with their store.If you don't mind being "just another customer" enjoy your shopping experience at Glazier's. If you value being treated as a valued customer, RUN to the next closest store!
3	Its a large and clean store but I wasnt impressed with their produce section. It took me 5 minutes to find a tomato that wasnt spoiled or wilted. Spent about the same amount of time trying to find an onion that wasnt rotten. The produce bins were huge and I think that may have had something to do with it. My recommendation would be reduce the size of the bins and rotate the stock more to keep the rotten vegetables out of sight.The good was the meat department very impressed. No changes needed and price and selection were top notch.If Im over that way I may just stop in again.
5	So I frequent this place almost every day as it's my neighbourhood spot, and having dealt with the Vons', Albertsons' and Walmarts of Vegas for the past 8 years it's soooo nice to have a personalized, really "local" grocery that pays attention to its clients (they take requests to carry items... and actually folllow through!). They also carry lots of items I haven't seen elsewhere at fair prices. They have crazy good prices on produce (shop seasonally), and chicken can't be found cheaper anywhere else. They run frequent sales and specials and just all-around make my shopping experience that much more pleasant - if you shop mindfully and just following all their frequent specials you'll end up with a varied, thorough and bountiful cart of all kinds of useful and deliciuos stuff- every week. The staff are friendly and just look like they all feel they're one big family, with the head honcho Mr. Glazier himself sometimes browsing around with his shopping cart full of paperwork checking to see if everything is in order. Very reassuring.BUT... This here love letter is about their DONUTS. Little known secret I think, which I'm about to blast wide open. These aren't your typical miniscule, Krispy Kreme puffed air sugar-coated morsels. These donuts have heft to them - and when I walk in at 0745 smelling the bakery goodness in the air I know they're warm, fresh and ready for presentation. Get them in the morning, and take a few for your coworkers too- they'll thank you. They're huge, covered in just enough glaze (depending on the type), lightly crisp on the outside but incredibly pillowy-soft inside with a texture that makes it a goddamn pleasure to sink your teeth into. Every person I've brought their donuts to immediately demands to know where I got them. But that's not all - they have awesome flavors too. Nowhere else have I found flavors like pineapple and blueberry fritters, red velvet cake donuts, maple and walnut fritters (a personal fave), blueberry jelly donuts. The maple-chocolate swirl is I could swear, more chocolatey and more maple-y than any other version I've tried, and with the bonus of their incredible doughnut dough supporting it all. If you're a fiend for the traditional apple fritter, this place carries a huge, crisp, delicious version. But try the pineapple one too, it'll rock your world. Bottom line: they carry lots of great stuff at great prices, but an unusual plus is their array of atypically delicious DONUTS. I'm eating one right now. Thought I'd share :-)
5	This store carries Drake's products.   Devil Dogs, Ring Dings, Sunny Doodles, Coffee Cakes can all be found here! I stopped in here just for Drake's products. Now I have to go back and explore the store to see what other products from back East they carry. I am wondering if they carry Rubinsteins Salmon, Mr Mustard, and Progresso Macaroni and Bean Soup? Things I can not find anywhere in Las Vegas.
3	Again different grocers fulfill different needs. I find glaciers is best for their meat and seafood counter, impressive. Chicken breasts always lowest price in town. Some specialty items to perk your interest, like the hint'o flavor sparkling water with zero calories and no artificial sweetner or sugar sold up front by check out. A dieters dream beverage! I love their deli counter w free samples and "buy some cold cuts get some cheese free" specials. Their other weekly specials are good too, like the packs of stuffed ravioli which feed two for $1.00. It's great to see Mr Glacier zipping around the store and the customer service is helpful & friendly. However that is where the fun ends for me, the deli & bakery items are either mediocre in taste or very high priced, the produce only lasts a day or so  and the selection is slim (go to albertsons for best choices and two week fridge life). And aside from weekly specials the overall food prices are high so watch your wallet.
5	I love this super market!!! Mrs G has a good thing going on. Everything is top notch fresh fresh fresh!! Prices are very affordable. I always get some Serrano ham and Porscuitto di Parma from here. Love it love it love it!!
2	my third visit; and i gotta say that they really cut back since they opened a while ago. when they first opened everything was first class!... now its no class-FAIL!!! employees at the meat/seafood counter were not engaginging and rough around the edges- maybe its just me but i dont like being called "bud" and "pal" by people that are supposed to be taking care of me. selection has gone way down since opening; the worst was the produce! i can believe i could not find one decent nectarine, peach or plum, during peak stone fruit season. so sad but i guess they have to cut back like everybody else.
4	Yep, just as good as everybody says. The store inside is very neat and organized (big fan of that) and have a great, friendly staff. They have a wide variety of items, some things you can hardly find anywhere else in Vegas. The salad bar... Oh my goodness, the salad bar. I come here for the salad bar alone too often. So many options. So many toppings. Also, the deli and pizza place looks pretty dang good and I would be more than willing to give them a try, if I am ever not in the mood for their salad bar. (Just to be clear, I would never eat at any other grocery store's deli section. They're just that good)
4	Grazier's has Butterscotch Krimpet Tastykakes!!!!!!  They're almost impossible to find outside of Philly.  They also carry scrapple from time to time.  Great prepared food.  Best fish market I've seen in Vegas.  I'll be back.
3	This is a good grocery store with great prices conveniently located in the SW of town. I have bought several fish fillets at the deli but this time when I bought the Boston sole fillets I found a few worms moving before I was about to cook. I went back to the store and went to the deli the next day, took a look at the Boston dover sole fillets again and noticed that most of them were contaminated! I asked the butcher if that was normal and he said no but didn't seem surprised. I then spoke with the manager and she asked me if I wanted my money back lol. I don't tend to keep grocery receipts so I declined..but she said that it's common for fish to fly in contaminated and sometimes the butchers don't remove all the worms completely and some customers don't mind wtf? Thats definitely one thing I have never ever heard of yuck! I will never see fish the same..thanks glaciers!
4	Nice grocery store, along the same lines of bristol farms or gelsons in socal.6$ large cheese pizzas on one of the weekdays, that are actually great NY style thin crust.It's the best grocery store in vegas by a decent margin.  Stocked similar to all the high end organic grocers, but not everything is a complete ripoff like there.  Great deli, butcher shop area.  Lots of pre-prepared dishes to take home.It only gets four stars because instead of putting their store in one of the many vacant locations more central to Las Vegas, they put it on the outskirts of town.You can actually see the california border from the parking lot.
4	I love this place!I would have given it 5 stars but I'm very disappointed in the produce the apples are always bruised and bad and the bananas are too green i have to wait 5 or 6 days before eating them so I choose not to get my produce from here. Ok so on to the good part I absolutely love the homemade section on the left all the homemade pies, cakes, cookies, pastries donuts you name it they have it. I also love the sides they make they also make sauces from scratch such as Alfredo, marinara, and pesto they even make fresh pasta too! They have an amazing meat selection you can find all kinds of meat and any cut too.Their delis awesome too you can place your order several different ways even from your phone! The thing im hooked on right now is there old fashion sodas I love cream soda and they have the best cream soda ever! I just all around love this store for the simple fact that they have so many unique foods and items you cant get at the regular stores. Yes the prices are a little higher but I find its worth it shopping here is peaceful to me theres alot less ghetto people shopping here then walmart so it makes shopping enjoyable.
5	I love this grocery store and try to only shop here!They have an amazing selection of meats and seafood, with a huge selection of ready to eat meals.  If you are running behind, this is the place to go because dinner is already made and the quality and flavor is great!Prices are very very competitve here with a huge selection of organics and health conscious selections.  No frills, just good prices.The staff is very friendly and helpful.  I love Glaziers!
5	I love their salad bar here! Even though they serve cold Dolma it is still pretty tasty. I also like their mushrooms here with some artichokes. The price is about $6.00 a pound but it is very filling and healthy. This is a perfect place to eat for someone who is broke but would still like to have a nutritious meal.
4	I shop at Glazier's regularly and have for about three years. I have had some fantastic experiences and some negative experiences here.1. Their produce is usually good. They have good sales like peppers (red, yellow, orange and green) for .88/ cents a pound. They have 10 limes for a dollar. They have a package of small heirloom tomatoes for $1 (in the summer). Sometimes it is bad when they have a whole area of avocados and not one is ripe. Or the fact that their herbs arent very good.2. Their deli and prepared meals section is fantastic. I really enjoy the fact that I can order with my phone or in the little kiosk. The problem is that the cheapest sliced meat they offer is $8.99/lb WOW. They have fantastic cheese and  they have almost anything you could want.3. Meat area. They usually have a great variety of prepackaged meats at a reasonable price. The only problem with the meat section is the rude customer service. I ordered some bacon the other day and the guy behind the counter didn't say a single word to me. He was also preoccupied with staring at the front of the store/door area. It was strange. FYI I got food poisoning from here recently from the bacon!! I have also had a couple friends have food poisoning from their bacon and salad bar! Buyer/ eater beware!!4. Customer service. This is where they lose a whole star for me. Usually they are super friendly. If you want them to carry a new item you go to customer service and ask for it and they 90% of the time will start to carry it (which is why they have such a large variety of food).The negative is that there are a couple of girls who are completely rude. For example, I was buying forumla and had a manufactuer's coupon (which is NOT a check, it is a COUPON) it had my husband's name on it and the girl told me I will not take that. I asked her why and she said you are trying to cash a check with someone else's name on it and I will call the cops to have you arrested if you try again. UM WHAT! First of all, girl, you should have asked your manager for further clarification on what a manufactuer's coupon is.Bottom line: their customer service isn't great, but some of their products are worth it... sometimes.
4	I love shopping here. The atmosphere is calm no matter time or day of the week we come here.It is a bit pricier than other grocery chains, but it's family owned. Some weekends we can afford to come here, others not so much. Depends on what's on the list.Meats:They really do have the best seafood in town. My husband and I eat seafood most of the week. When they have a sale, which is at least once a month, we stock up!Bakery:Best doughnuts, not so much bakery. I think some cakes are okay, but it's hit or miss. The cookies are the same - hit or miss.Grocery:I like the fact they bring in local favorites from across the country. The buyer of this store /knows/ that Vegas is becoming a transplant city. I just wish they'd up the anti on tex-mex. ;) I also like their vegan and international selection. They do have more natural, international and vegan product selection than their competition.Dairy/eggs/etc:The coffee creamers are a bit over-priced. We usually avoid buying creamers here and buy at Walmart instead (3-4$ cheaper!). Never had an issue with the milk and cream selection. Usually I hate this part of the grocery shopping experience because spilled milk left on the grates spoils and the smell makes the nauseated. Glazier's does an EXCELLENT job of keeping those grates clean! Eggs... check your eggs before you put them in your cart (as with any grocery store). I just remember going through 8 cartons of eggs until I found one that didn't have a broken egg.Checkout/Customer service:I see Mr. Glazier himself walking the floor every now and then. Portly old white dude in a black suit. I've never spoken with him but he seems to have a good rapport with his staff and I gotta give him props for being on the floor instead of holing himself in his office.Self check out is easy... unless you're waiting for a newbie, then it's painful. lol The cashier's are always friendly. There's always a front-end manager nearby. We bought salt for our salt water tank and the bag was leaking. It was the last bag and the front-end manager went and got duct tape to tape it for us. :)Like I said, I love coming here. I wish they price matched. They do take coupons.... still expensive. Some weekends our list is longer and we have a set budget, so we end up having to pass this awesome place by.
3	This grocery store is huge and has a variety of items you can't find elsewhere (NY pasta, Hawaiian section, etc...) They also have hot and ready food for purchase, a salad bar and a cute dining area to eat your food.. Oh & I really like their Boar's head ordering system.They seem to usually have really good deals on items like their produce... My only gripe with this place is that as fresh as their products are I've noticed they get rotten very fast.. I've also seen multiple refrigerated items like beef & cheese that had mold in it ... So just make sure to pay attention to everything you buy... LOL Hot tip: On Weekends they have almost as many samples as Costco ;))) yummm
5	Ok this place is great. They have a great selection, great prices and a great prepared food section! It is a little dimly lit but don't let that discourage you, just plow thru and find all of the hidden gems that you can't find anywhere else. While you are there treat yourself to one of their donuts they are painfully good. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	This store is trying hard to be an outpost for displaced persons from the northeast .  They succeed in some areas and fail in others.  First they have a ready to eat and ready to heat section with many Italian specialties.  They have a pizzeria and they have giant pizzas 30' if I recall, just not well done for a north easterner.  They have subs cold and hot and I will try those soon.  What knocked me out was the Taylor Ham.  My local smiths carries it in a whole pound sleeve, but this joint has it ready to be sliced in the deli department, it is just not cheap like it was back east but hey 2500 miles is alot of transport cost.
5	Cross a butcher, Wal Mart(prices and awesome crap like Bacon Salt and Cap'n Crunch), and Whole Foods(healthy stuff) and you get Glazers. My favorite grocery store in town. I wish they'd build one in central Las Vegas.
4	This grocery store reminds of me of back home.  The salad bar is AHmazing.  The variety of things to purchase in the store is awesome as well.  The cheap wine isn't too shabby either.  The organic produce, the variety of items from back east and the staff are all so very friendly.  I suggest you try the cheap cheese pizza on Wednesday, it's quite tasty.  I haven't tried the sorbet but looking at it gets my salivary glands going.  Do yourself a favor and stop by.
4	The customer service here is above average. I do appreciate that they take requests for grocery items, etc. The prices are competitive; however, it's unfortunate that I sometimes find items from the organic/vegetarian aisle to be cheaper at Vons. What keeps me coming back? Their deli. I love Boar's Head cheese. Especially the smoked Gouda.
4	I like the fact that Glaziers has everything that you can find at the Vons across the street and then some. They have a great selection of organic products from produce to meats for lower prices than what you would see at Whole Foods or Trader Joe's. I come to Glaziers quite often when there isn't anything in my fridge for dinner. Glaziers always saves me from my hunger pains. They have a cute little dining area with a self-playing grand piano that you can use after you paid for your meal. - Their salad bar is fantastic. It's a little pricey at almost $7/pound they give you a great selection. You can taste the freshness in all of the products as well. You can find your regular salad bar goodies like your lettuce, carrots, broccoli, etc. as well as pasta salads, marinated mushrooms, marinated artichokes, and a good array of other fancy salad dishes. - They sell yummy sandwiches, pastas and pizzas. In the day time there's a sushi guy there rolling up California and shrimp tempura rolls in addition to salmon and tuna sushi pieces. I personally like the sushi there, it's a good quick fix. - They have a wide selection of ready-made individual dinners. From lasagna to pasta to meat dishes, these are perfect to buy and eat later. The only thing is that I think it's a bit overpriced (i.e. small individual piece of lasagna is about $6)Glaziers sells great products throughout the store, but I found that some of their items were expired. The last trip I made, I found that 2 week old Greek yogurt was still chilling on the shelf. Not cool. So make sure you check the dates before throwing something in your cart!
5	What a great store! High quality produce, deli & butcher shop. I have been a fan since they opened. Not the cheapest but definitly a great locals grocer. The staff is excellent & very helpful. I would definitly recommend if you are in the southwest.The owner Mr. G is walking the store talking with staff & customers during a lot of my visits. They always offer to take your grocerys out to your car and the staff makes you feel like a customer & not a number like most box stores.
4	The best specialty food grocery store in town! I come here for my Vienna beef, hotdog and Italian beef fix!
5	A grocery store on steroids. Move over Trader Joe's and Whole Foods. There's a new champion in town!Glazier's has it all...literally. In the mood for a New York bagel with nova lox? Done. How bout a delicious pulled pork sandwich? No problem. Their selection of homemade, oven (or microwave) ready foods is staggering. They have anything from Mexican (enchiladas, pico de gallo) to Italian (pasta sauces, stuffed pastas, etc). There's a magnificent selection of homemade sausages and beautiful fresh cuts of beef, pork and fish. I was overwhelmed while shopping here...I was also very hungry (not a good idea). I wanted EVERYTHING. Even their soda selections were impressive (a plethora of flavors from Jones, Virgil's and many more).The good thing about this place, as compared to Whole Foods or Trader Joe's, is that if you want just "regular stuff" (i.e., Oscar Meyer), you can get it. I feel like I could go on for hours talking about this place, but I won't bore you. I think you get the picture. Check this place out.Only complaint: One location?! Come to Henderson, Glazier's!
5	This isn't my usual grocery store, but it's close to the office, so I don't have to go out of my way if I want to make a stop at Glazier's after work. For the usual things on a grocery list like milk, juice, bread, and eggs, I still go to the grocery stores closest to my house because it's more convenient.However, the reason I love Glazier's is because their loss leaders are the best in town. Whether it's chicken breasts, steaks, or any other type of meat, the advertised loss leader is an amazing value that can't be beat. Plus, I don't have to buy a 20 pound package to get savings like I would have to at a chain grocery store. Their portions are manageable so I don't have to defrost a foam tray with six days worth of rib eye. To me that's extremely important as I live alone.I'm probably not the type of customer Glazier's prefers. They want shoppers to come for the loss leaders, then spend money on other profit making items. Admittedly, the variety of items at Glazier's is impressive and they carry a lot of unique things not found anywhere else. However, I'm a simple guy, so I stock up on the loss leader, check out, then go home. My wallet thanks you.
4	I've always wanted to check Glazier's out and finally got the opportunity recently when I was doing some other shopping in the neighborhood. I have tried a number of their pastry items from coworkers who have brought goodies in for pot lucks and other special occasions so knew they had a lot to offer. We walked in and it instantly reminded me of an East coast supermarket. They have an extensive selection of East coast goodies, both cooked and uncooked, ethnic foods galore and lots of healthy and organic items. I look forward to coming back with a longer shopping list next time.
3	Last year I might have given Glaziers 5 stars, but the have been losing their touch in the past year.When they first opened,  their produce section was a thing of beauty. I hadn't seen such amazing fruits and veggies since I moved to Las Vegas, they were always bright and shiny and never squishy or gross. Sadly, that isn't always the case anymore. I recently wrapped my hand around a leaking, squishy rotted lemon. I never do the oooh look at that delicious fruit dance in the produce section anymore.The bakeries prices have also sky rocketed.  We usef to get the cannolis fairly often, but they are way too expensive now. I also don't care for much of their cakes, and I love cake. But I no longer buy them at Glaziers,  as they aren't very good and too expensive not to be delicious. The meat and seafood are the only reasons we still shop here. The chicken breasts are super cheap and mutant sized, so I slice them in half and we get 4 normal sized breasts for the price of two!!They also carry tasty cakes, and my boyfriend is from Pennsylvania,  so they make him happy.
4	My favorite grocery.  I live by St. Rose & I 15 and I usually go during the week, about 11AM Tuesdays or Wednesdays.  I always see Mr. G and he says hello or if he is sitting upstairs in his office he will wave hi.  What can I say.  Bakery very good.  My favorite items are the Italian bread and NY style coffee cake.  You just got to try the cake once.  Donuts are also very good in the morning, not so great in the evening when they are now still full price versus half off several months ago.  Next is deli.  OMG, the selection is amazing.  From the deli meats, cheeses and other salads, no other store compares to prices and selection.  Next seafood.  When they have the live Maine lobsters which they will steam for you for free, I am in heaven.  Wide variety of fish, shellfish and very affordable prices.  Next meats.  Quality is far above Smith's or Albert sons, and I find the prices to be much less.  I particularly enjoy buying my chicken cutlets which are pounded and sliced very thin and are excellent, their NY steaks, boneless chicken breasts and found beef are all excellent quality.  Produce is always priced competitively especially on onions, garlic, tomatoes, potatoes and broccoli.  Their cheeses in the case  by the meat/seafood counters are outstanding.  Great prices on all.  Italian pastas and canned tomato products are very good.  Most usual grocery items prices seem better than Albertsons but maybe more expensive than Smiths.  But remember, this store has grocery products you yearn for which you will not find in your chain grocer, like Dr. Browns soda, Drakes bakery products, Vienna Beef products, NY & Chicago Italian products, Cincinnati chili products, and the list goes on.  I recommend not going there hungry because whenever my husband and I go hungry we tend to spend well over $200.00.  The only negative I will say is that the cashier's are very, very slow.  And on one occassion when I noticed I was overcharged on an item it took almost 10 minutes before the pricing error was verified and corrected.
5	THE BEST GROCERY STORE IN EXISTANCE!     Staff is always willing to go the extra mile and if they dont have something you want, tell them! They will have it in stock the next time you come in..   Was the only place in town to buy Drake's Baked goods untill Hostess went out of business..
5	I love this grocery store!  And I am incredibly sad that I know live on the other side of town from it.  I hope they build by me again, because the regular chain stores in Vegas just don't cut it.First off, everyone is so friendly here.  You feel welcome and appreciated.  This is such a rare thing any more, that when you do get it, it is like sunshine on your face.Secondly, the deli section!  They have the ready to eat meals waiting and looking delicious for you, the awesome selection of high quality meat and cheeses, and then all the fun stuff to catch your attention that you didn't need, but buy anyway because it looks so darn good.Third, the prices are really good and the selection on everything is pretty big. It is like a neighborhood shop, but the size of Walmart.  It's a great place to shop at.Go check it out and look at the weekly meal deals for some great deals on dinner packages!
5	I can see why Glazier's has been voted for favorite neighborhood grocery for several consecutive years. It has most if not all that you'd need. Fresh produce, perfectly cut meats, deli, in-house bakery and gelato! Yes gelato. I could easily spend 2 hours going around and around in there. And walking in, there's always a security who welcomes you, not the stiff-militant type. And my favorite part is when walking in, you smell their bakery. Mmmmm bread!The staff remain attentive and very knowledgeable. I'm happy that the Southwest has more than just the Albertson's and Vons. They also have products from Hawaii. That's probably my favorite part as its a complete one stopshop for me. The prices are a tad higher than the chain grocers but I'll take freshness and quality over cheap any day.
5	My jaw dropped as I walked into this amazing store! This store holds products that not every generic supermarket has. I felt as though it was a combination of Vons, 99 Ranch Market and Cardenas all rolled into one amazing store! Chefs and culinary students (like myself) could find anything you need to make an exquisite meal!
4	Now that I'm a West side of Vegas transplant(originally from the Eastcyde), I've finally had a taste of the "good life"....I've had a chance to explore my new neighborhood and its great!!! I mean the scenery on the westside is breath taking....Red Rock canyon is amazing....and though I don't play golf, the courses I've seen make me wanna get a job driving around a golf cart just so i can actually see really green grass...you don't really see a lot of green grass on the Eastcyde but that's not what I'm here to talk about....I'm here to review this lil gemof a grocery store called Glazier's....I LOVE THIS PLACE....I mean I've never been to any store that has so many good products for sale...well besides Costco, but that's another story....the prices here are cheaper than some other grocery stores I've been to...and they have speciality items like food items from Hawaii.....ZIPPY'S CHILI!!!!! I even saw guava for sale in the produce section...the last time I had a fresh guava was when I was on Maui and I picked it off the tree...now it's a little pricey so I didn't buy any since I'm a baller on a budget, but it's nice to know that they have items like that...they even have a food court with different food stations if you're too lazy to cook...the only thing they don't have that other grocery stores do have is a club card...but since the prices are better than they're competitors I guess they really don't need one....in any case,I love this store...I will definitely be coming back here  for all my grocery shopping needs!!!
4	Glazier's addresses one of my big concerns with grocery stores in the Valley: variety. I loathe having only a few options when I shop. I know studies show that many people function better with limited choices. But I am not one of those people. I function better with MANY choices and Glazier's just gets that part of me. I like seeing 20 different bar-be-que sauce varieties on the shelf. It lets people make actual decisions about what products they want to bring into their home. Contrast that with the 8 varieties provided at many of the local chains around town (I'm talking to you Smith's and Vons). I avoided purchasing non-perishables, but there were tremendous options in every area of the store. And I always like seeing BUY ONE GET ONE offers around a store. I don't care if they are just trying to reel me in. Add to the BOGO offers the FREE tortilla chips with every $25 purchase. Winning! Frugal shoppers like me get excited about deals like that. Overall their prices were a bit high, but any specialty store will have to increase the price point a bit. So that did not bother me. I liked the layout of the store and the general organization. And being family owned matters to me. It should matter to everyone. If I am on that side of town, I would rather give my money to a professional family owned company than some of my other choices. I didn't see many perishable organic options, but doesn't seem to be what Glazier's is about. They are serving up variety and East Coast product options in a busy area of town.  Is Glazier's leading the way toward more diverse, well-organized, thoughtfully stocked, locally owned, neighborhood markets? I can only hope so.
2	I do like Glaziers, but... This morning I stopped in for a donut and coffee at 8am.  I got my donut and went to the service counter to get a cup of coffee.  No one was there.  Not one individual was around.  I asked the greeter at the door.  He checked around and found out the person in charge of the coffee counter went on break... at 8am... prime-time coffee hour.  What's worse is this is the fourth time this has happened.  Needless to say, I left the store empty-handed.  I don't have the time or patience to deal with a lack of service like that.I can't believe they allow business to operate like that.  Glaziers needs to take a look at how their staff is behaving.UNACCEPTABLE!
2	First of all, I decided to try this place because my brother told me about it. It was my only day off in my 6 day workweek, so I decided to pack my kid in the car and go on adventure. My brother said this place was kinda cool so I wanted to grocery shop some place different. When I pulled up my first impression was that it looked like a Whole Foods Market. I walked in a thought the store looked very clean and organized. I made my way throughout the store and my initial impression was, "Dang, I wish this store was closer to my house!" But the longer I stayed in the store, the quicker my excitement faded. It wasn't the lack of product, aesthetics or organization of the store - it was the feeling I had as I shopped. With the exception of two people, never once was I greeted or offered assistance. Here's the thing: it's a grocery store, you technically can figure out where things are...but when I'm walking through a business establishment and never once greeted (including management) my immediate feeling is that they could care less if I shopped in their store. As I saw employees restock their shelves, almost everyone looked like they had somewhere better to be. No smiles, no energy, no warm feeling. Don't get me wrong, I wasn't expecting service like I was in a 5 star hotel - but I've been in retail for 20 years and a manager for 12+ years...and believe the employees' demeanor and behaviors are just a indicator of how the business is run. Just my two cents on that. I ended up buying shrimp, donuts, fritters, chips and other goods totaling almost $60. For lunch, I stopped at the sushi counter and the lady was probably the friendliest employee I encountered. I was interested in buying some seafood and meat, but once I got to the butcher station, the lady behind the counter was so consumed in whatever task she was doing that she never even looked up to ask if I needed help. At the checkout counter, the cashier was nice enough, but honestly, I've received friendlier service at Wal-Mart. During my transaction (it was a debit), the register timed out and I had to repeat my transaction. I asked the cashier, "So, the other transaction won't count?" Defensively, she replied that it wouldn't. The only reason why I asked her was because where I work, if the register times out during a debit transaction, it sometimes WILL take the sale so I wanted to make sure. I was taken aback that she got so defensive as if I was attacking her cashiering expertise. I ate at their little sitting area and enjoyed my sushi lunch which tasted absolutely delicious. During my lunch some head honcho/corporate looking people were around me and half the time I thought, "Manage your people, not the product and perhaps you'll see an increase in profits." For the items I purchased: 5 stars. For not even being said hello to: 0 stars. For the cleanliness and organization of the store: 4 stars. For the price differential in items: 1 star (certain items were priced reasonably and certain items were just way overpriced). For the lackluster customer service: 1 star (only because the sushi lady was actually nice). AND on top of that, I nearly got run overed by some chick driving way to fast in the parking lot even though I was walking IN THE GD CROSSWALK and I had right of way. Oh wait, the bouncer/security guard guy at the door - - seriously?!!? If you're going to park someone over there, then at least have that person say, "Have a great day" WHILE LOOKING IN MY SHOPPING CART. (I know that's what you're doing - - checking if I stole anything.) Glazier's management: you have a beautiful store with great product in it - but I think you need to revisit the customer service piece of it too. I'd only come back if I was on that side of town. I'll save my gas and more money by going to Winco.
1	How about that?!? After the cashier assured me that my debit card WOULD NOT BE charged twice, I find that it did in fact get charged twice (posted to my account the next day). I know registers "time out." I've been there, done that. I work in retail and it has happened so I know for a fact THAT IT WILL CHARGE THAT PERSON TWICE. She didn't offer to call and supervisor or manager, but against my better judgment, I left. I filed a dispute with my bank and hopefully my money will be returned to me in a timely manner. Glazier's management: Ensure that your cashiers are properly trained to handle all types of situations - and if they cannot, give them the tools necessary to ensure that customer satisfaction is their top priority. I chose not to call your establishment because I felt that if you didn't care if I shopped in your store, then you wouldn't care if you gave me back my $60. To some $60 is chump change - but I work hard for my money and $60 is what I could use for gas money and food for my family.
4	I really like Glazier's. I don't really like shopping at big chain grocery stores because my boyfriend used to work for one and he would tell me all the questionable things that they do to save money... With that being said, the thing I love about this store is their wide/unique item selections. They have so many things that would not find at the usual grocery store/weird brands that I've never seen before, different flavors of things, and tons of random beers/beverages. Their food court, pre-made meal section, and service counters are awesome! I always get hungry and want to buy everything while walking through this part of the store. Oh and their meat department is massive! They have so many different cuts of beef, and a wide variety of fish, even poke tuna! My eyes get so big when I see the cheese section.... drool. The prices here might be a little higher for some item but it doesn't bother me at all. Paying for quality is always okay with me. So I would say to probably not come here if your on a budget but if you're not then check it out!
4	I don't live anywhere close, but some friends are in the neighborhood so we've made some stops for supplies when we're meeting at their place for dinner. The deli here is large and we've gotten a few salads for BBQs that were pretty good. Better than most grocery delis. I've stopped in for quick things like chips, hummus (that Eves brand is delicious!) or whatever else so I can't judge it from a full perspective, but positive so far from what I've gotten. There's definitely variety and brands I don't see elsewhere, mixed with typical stuff. I'm a variety person, so that is a plus for me. Since we have been hanging down here more often, I'm sure I'll be stopping in here more regularly and maybe one of these days, I'll go shopping down here for my weeks groceries to see what people are raving about.
5	I been a client  of  this place since the opened the doors. Friendly  place. Nice owner. It says hello to when he sees you. Prices are not too bad in general, just keep your eyes open ...like any other market may have a higher prince on a product or two. Shop smart and you will love this place. I do not get their prepared foods - that is a bit on the pricey side. Otherwise. I love it as it is  not yet a chain of corporations. Just a simple local family run and owned store.
4	Thumbs up for Glazier's... not just as a grocery, but a big fat thumbs up for quick work-lunches or lazy housewife dinners!!!Gosh I thought I reviewed this already... I'd be a jerk if I didn't mention that I got my first speeding ticket coming here... So please go 35 mph on this stretch of Warm Springs --- cops camp there all the time to make a quick buck (or $180 if you go 44 like I did). But anywho... Pastries? Cookies, every kind of muffin, breads, cakes, pies - Pastries here are big, bad and beautiful.From the East Coast? Plenty of  brands here you thought you could only find at home.On your lunch hour? Almost every lunch craving can be satisfied here if you walk in and go left.... You can even dine in and listen to some piano. They have a great salad bar, and options like pizza, sushi, chicken fingers, coffee, ice cream, and I even had fried shrimp a couple of times. Otherwise they have plenty of pre-made meals and sides you can bring home and heat up.Their  breads, tamales, prepared meats, and fresh-made pastas & sauces are a hit in my house. In addition to finding specialty brands & items, you can easily find pre-made goodies that are a great substitute for cooking your family dinner after a long and arduous work day. There are plenty of options here that aren't available at the usual suspects of groceries. Think marinades and spices.My gripe is obviously the cost -- while not completely outrageous... it's not cheap either. The staple items that may be on your regular grocery list will rarely be less than your chain-supermarket (Think cereal, and snack food). But seriously-- if you have the time to plan it out and make the time -- you could do both.  And then there's the produce... while extensive --- I'm not a fan-- I spend wayyyy too much time finding a good onion... I won't mention how long it took me to find a decent pear.I would highly recommend stopping by for lunch. I would recommend checking it out on your next shopping trip.Glaziers is a homey mom and pop grocery store and that's pretty rare in these parts.
5	Best grocery store in town! Cheap but fresh produce. Boneless skinless chicken breast for $2.48/lb. Specialty pastas (I think they're made in house). Boar's head deli meats. King's Hawaiian Rolls for the gf. I love this place, and I'm so glad I live only a mile away from it.
2	This supermarket, a Best of Las Vegas recipient since its opening, serves breakfast on the weekends so that was our destination on a recent morning. I found the market to be comparable to Whole Foods with more moderate pricing. We ordered at the counter and then retired to a table in the piano room where the food was delivered. Our easy over eggs came with bacon, wheat toast and home fries. The ingredients were good, but pricing was high and execution left much to be desired. The toast wasn't crispy, the bacon was limp, the potatoes tired and the egg whites watery.
4	This foodieview is about the Friday steak night. I've never had a steak dinner served to me at the neighborhood grocery and was pleasantly surprised at how tasty it was. The atmosphere was commendable with the grand piano playing in the dining area and the steak was perfectly grilled how I ordered it. I upgraded from the New York strip to the bone-in porterhouse cooked medium. It was nicely sized and not over seasoned. Delicious! The steak comes with two sides and is brought to you with such stout service that it's easy to forget that you're at the grocery. I hope Glaziers keeps doing this excellent Friday night family event and it becomes a locals' tradition!
5	Much better.. Sorry Von's.Family run - owner is usually on property. Super friendly staff. Excellent prices. Amazing butcher. Great deli. Produce - gives any Mexican market a run for its money.Speciality items, this is the place.Glazier's Food Marketplace is the best of Vegas. No question about it.
5	A nice mom and pop grocery store located in the Durango & Warm Springs plaza but there's just something about it that stands out. Love the little organic section but also wishing it was bigger. And that I can get the right kind of organic red delicious apples again :/.I haven't had any issues in regards to staff. They're either what you would expect typically or pretty nice overall. No complaints there so far.They're also open till midnight for any late shoppers. Sign up for their weekly email or check their website for their weekly specials. Their prices are usually comparable with others.
4	In the neighborhood and I have a thing for grocery stores.  If you have ever been to a Wegmans back east you'll understand.  Miss having a Wegmans.... Anyway I'm always looking for one that carries unique or hard to finds items.  Maybe missed it in others but here they sell Spanish Saffron. Good to know so if in a pinch I could go there since I usually order my saffron off an online spice company.  If we lived closer I would definitely use on a regular basis.
5	Can not beat the quality of the Meat's. Love that when you ask for a product, they LISTEN and get it in stock!!!
5	Love the market place. They have a wide variety of fresh fruit & vegetables. Lots of weekly specials. This is my new go to market when I want something special.
1	This place is ran by very rude and unprofessional, prejudice people.The food quality is awful and prices are ridiculous.The employees are just as rude as the owners. I asked to speak with the owner about how rude the manager was and Mr. Glazier himself was surprisingly rude and absurd! I will NEVER return to this poorly ran business again.
4	I really like the selection of ready to heat items.  They also have a a lot of specialty food brands that you cant find at the regular grocery stores here in Vegas. We went there on a Tuesday night about 10:00. They close at midnight. I was a little surprised that a lot of things were already put away and blocked off so to couldn't get to that particular area of the store. We wanted to get some olives from the olive  bar but that was all closed up. Also the prices are pretty high on some items. I will go there occasionally but not shop there regularly because of the prices. Four stars because of the selection and nice clean store.
1	First thing is first, I only write a review if the service or the food was so bad that I 1. left the business fuming. 2. IT'S a VALID CONCERNYesterday was one of those days, I was fuming with Glazier's market!Here's what happened:I ordered a baby shower cake 2 days in advance. I knew there would be a problem...the person taking the order had no clue how to take it. I thought, I will call to be sure but I didn't. I paid, I left a phone number, gave the person my order, it's a half vanilla sheet cake, that says "congrats..."in hot pink with gerber lillies. Main thing I paid, I gave them time, and easy instruction.Day of the shower (two hours before), go in and there is NO CAKE. They never called, the asked me if I had a copy of what looked like an official form. I had no clue what they were talking about, I had a receipt with a bright orange sticker that said PAID. I guess this was not enough. Therefore, the cake for some reason, I never knew why was never made. So I picked one from the cold case (who by the way the person who took my order said, they often stay in there for up to 2 weeks because they forget to take them out...but nonetheless the young man said, "they are still really good") so now, I  pick a blue one out of the cold case...it has some pink in it (a shower for a GIRL)....and I am fuming! Another person comes out with 4 small packages, I thought they were happy meal toys and asked me if I wanted one. 'WTH are they?' I ask. These people don't talk. As a consumer, I have NO CLUE what is happening in this business transaction. Oh, well thank you....they are tiny baby shoes that can top the cake....that do not match, that look like they are from 1907. Thank you, thank you very much. My last comments are WHO IS THE MANAGER? The mute attendant (someone with a grey bob hair cut) says of course by pointing was the person who offered me the Happy Meal toys without telling me what they were but by just handing out 4 plastic whatevers...I take the cake and go fuming out assuring them I WILL CALL MONDAY WHEN I HAVE TIME. Alas, I take the stupid mismatched cake (that could be two weeks old) to the car. I need to buy soft drink, wine (yes, wine!) and a $50 gift card for the party and don't want to take the cake while shopping. Heavens, hey may think I am stealing it even though I have official documentation.I get 6 bottles of wine...I notice the 9.95...they are all 5 something...they have no idea where the gift cards are, They have no idea why the sales price isn't coming up. They are slow and confused. My blood is boiling, my heart is racing, I'm about to sweat and literally my always happy face has melted into a frown. I can't take it...I am done and I leave, bursting out the door.Let me say not only did these people make me late for a baby shower I was hosting, they wasted MY TIME. All of the occurrences could have been avoided by 1. Training the kid who took my order properly 2. Called me when they had a question about my order 3. Spoke to me about why the order did not get made instead of just staring at me like I had a 3rd eye and I didn't have the right to be angry...especially when I had to  look the case alone looking for a similar cake flavor like the one I ordered. And no they didn't have it so I had to pick something else! Very disappointing since I just bought a new home by this place. Admittedly Vegas doesn't have much to offer in the way of fresh produce and a store that has decent pricing for the good quality such as Whole Foods. They also have a salad bar there which is great and that I ate from when I ordered my cake (THAT WAS MY FIRST TIME THERE). As well as I bought a scoop of gelatto (that was ok.....but I ate it). I am a family person who does not need reasonable pricing - that they do seem to have. In addition, I need time a feature many families can lack. I am mad that they wasted mine and didn't even flinch or respond or take ownership of THEIR FAULT.I assure you people will continue to go there because they have some nice features to their store but I think it'll be the last they see of me.Monday mornings, I am bestowed at my front door with fresh milk, a  produce box, and meats that is delivered by Winder Farms. THOSE PEOPLE ARE FANTASTIC and for this I AM LOYAL. Still. I do shopping when I need things but this WILL NOT be the place to do it....You lost a fine customer Glaziers, you really did. You need more management and process training, communication skills and people who know how to WOW their customers not make them fume.Good riddance!
3	The selection of food there is good but the fruit is in terrible condition. It was rotting.  There were gnats flying out of it. They do have great deals on meat here. They also had a good loaf of glaziers brand bread for $1.13 for a good sized loaf. In short, go there for anything but the fruit.
5	I love this place!  They have high quality produce for reasonable prices and everything is always fresh.  If you have time, stop and get a sandwich or burger from their deli.  Always a treat for us.  And if you want good meat check out the meat department.  Their beef and seafood always look like it came straight from the farm or ocean.  Wish they had more of them around, but it's family owned and probably one of the reasons why everything is so fresh.  I would honestly hate to move out of the area because they are the only one around.
5	This supermarket rocks! They have everything you can imagine and more. My sisters came to visit from Orange County, both are vegans with strict diets. Glaziers has a wide variety of organic, gluten free, vegan options. Just one downside, not as many organic produce. Wednesday night from 2-8pm is pizza night. Can't beat a large 16in 1 topping for 5.99?! Garlic crust just hits it off!!Friday night is steak night! Juicy steak with corn and potatoes on the side. They serve the meal deal from like 4-8. Get it while you can! I always come like 15 minutes before closing(still cooked fresh as I shop!!)The weekend they serve breakfast! Not sure the hours because I'm not a breakfast person. I enjoyed it one time. It was good for a hearty morning fill up. The staff is friendly. And I mean very friendly. We are regulars so they see me and my crazy 2 year old running the aisles often. They've even helped me find my keys after my daughter lost them in a cart! Overall this is the store to shop at if you have certain dietary needs, want a change from the busy regular chain markets, just need a quick meal to whip up.. This is the place!
5	Is it weird to rate and review a grocery store?  NOOOOOOO!!!!  Especially not when Glaziers is so totally awesome!  I discovered this grocery store when I lived near Jones and Robindale.  There are no "healthy" grocery stores in the area that carry a ton of organic items, except Whole Foods which is always pricey and inconveniently located at Town Square, so it's always crowded with long lines, etc.  When I found Glaziers I was excited to find Hawaiian food + a ton of organic and international items.  This grocery store is well-rounded, they have amazing customer service, and their pricing is so great!  I can usually buy a full week's groceries for about $100 which is amazing.  When I was shopping at other competing grocery stores in the area (Smiths, Albertsons, etc), my grocery bill was usually around $150 per week.They have a fresh bakery and an awesome boars head deli counter as well.  You can order your deli meat through their app or on the computer system in front of the counter.  It's somewhat more convenient but it seems since they added that system of ordering the process actually takes longer than just asking the employee to make what you are requesting.  Not sure if it solved problems of time, but it definitely makes them more efficient as they will only make what is printed on the ticket.  No more errors...so that's good.Their produce is always super fresh and if you ask an employee in the produce area for anything, they know the entire store and can assist you with any question or concern.  They are super helpful.  You don't need a membership card or anything like that to shop at Glaziers.  If it's on sale, it's on sale.  The only thing I advise is that if you live in the area, check your mail.  Sometimes their mailers have great coupons and additional discounts to offer.
4	Not bad, not bad. Made my way to check out this market and let me say; pretty impressive! Freshness all around! I spent about an hour at this market and 40 minutes of it was probably at the pastry section trying to make up my mind on what to get! Loved the Boars Head Deli, you can have goodies catered, all fresh ham/cheese platter or even chicken-wing platter! Yum. Produce was fresh, market was clean, customer service was stellar AND I found lady fingers! Had been looking for these everywhere. :-D
1	I live very close to this store and actually first visited it during the opening weekend.  Between that first visit and several others, I can honestly describe the customer service at this store as the very worst I have ever dealt with at a grocery store.On four different occasions, I have tried to order something from their counter staffers and have been given the run-around each time(eg. "well, we have to heat up the plate so it'll take a minimum of forty minutes to make that burger"), outright and blatant lies to avoid work (eg. "ummm, the girl that takes those orders is on a break and won't be back for fifteen minutes and then it'll take a long time") and just plain rudeness as they ignore me while I wait to place an order.I gave up on this store after these lazy mouth-breathers at the counter decided that they didn't have to work.  I'm happy to keep shopping at Vons across the street.
5	Why didn't find this place sooner?!  So many speciality items in the deli, fresh food to go, the produce diverse and the prices way lower than I had expected.  I love the pineapple fritter from the bakery - so good, and the fresh green chile and chicken tamales - I didn't even go through the store entirely - it's that big!  Very unique items that you don't find in chain markets even Whole Foods or Trader Joes - well worth a trip and the drive.
3	When we moved to Vegas from South Carolina we were told by many the Glaziers was the best store in the area. While it is a nice store with great fresh food options, it also left us wanting more. The prices are not the best and it seems every time I go I spend more than I would if I went to Von's across the street for the same items. I will keep shopping here occasionally for the some of their fresh foods but for the rest I'll just across the street.
5	Best grocery store in Vegas!  It is really far from my house so I'm lucky if I get here once every month or two.  The reason we went the first time was because we heard they carry Jay's potato chips from Chicago.  We went and they didn't have them in stock but we fell in love with the store.  They have a great deli.  I love that you can order from the kiosk and they will text you when your order is ready.  Their seafood and meat section is awesome.  They have 6 kinds of bacon!  We can make our own bacon flight!  They have everything for Chicago dogs from the poppy seed bun to the celery salt and everything in between.  If you are a homesick Chicagoan check them out.  They also carry Green River soda and a few different frozen deep dish pizzas, Uno's, Lou Malnatis, etc.  The frozen pizzas weren't great but I was happy they had them to try.  I love this grocery store.  I wish they would open one in Henderson.
3	I like everything about this store and it would get a five star but their produce does not last beyond a day or two once you get it home.  If you buy produce here you had better use it that day.  Very poor quality in their produce.  However their Deli rocks!
5	I love this place almost as much as Trader Joes and SPROUTS. Forget OVERPRICED WHOLE FOODS (yuck). THIS is the market for interesting, affordable groceries with INCREDIBLE service. Paper bags would be the only thing I would say needs to change. Trader Joes is the only grocer that uses paper bags and I LOVE THAT! HATE the plastic bags.
1	This is for the produce only. I had gone here before about 3 months ago. The produce then was rotten and had bugs flying around it. I ventured to give it a try again to see if there were any improvements. I sadly did not find an improvement in the produce section. They are still rotten and badly bruised.
2	This review is for glaziers "restauraunt", specifically the sandwitch and gelato sections. My mother and I ordered a cheese steak to split. The sandwitches usually take about 8 minutes to cook so we walked off to look at the sushi. Walked back 5 minutes later and the guy still hadnt put our meat on the griddle. He had just pulled a block of cheese from the fridge when he saw us walk back. Mind you, there were no other sandwitches being made or customers in line. Ended up waiting about fifteen minutes for our sandwitch. We ate our sandwitch in the seatig area, and I dont blame the employee for this following statement because glaziers has theiir way of doing things (maybe the employee didnt follow the protocall) but there was no flavor in the meat! No salt or pepper, nothing zesty, nothin cultural or interestig. Its not a real philly, its meat with veggies and cheese. Oh well.walked over to the gelato section for desert. Asked for a few samples, and HOLY SMOKES is that girl TIRED of giving people samples. She was litterally SMACKING HER HAND into the "samplig spoon jar" in impatience of letting us try 3 combined samples.I settled on chocolate just to keep from getting her angry. That shouldnt happen in any service business. Didnt even crack a half smile.All in all, I love the market, but  Mr. Glazier,  please get a serious manager over in that area. I dont plan on ever buying from your restaurant again. It was a negative experience, and my mom was completely disgusted with it. Why am I spending my hard earned money to have lunch with my mom, only to be shat on by your employees?looking forward to hearing a response from you.
3	It is not for SoCal eaters as there is limited truly healthy options, i.e the gluten free section is small.  The local organic GMO nitrate free is limited.  You cannot find Vegan ramen or typical preservative free, chemical free Whole foods or Sprouts style foods here.  However, if you need red cancer causing meats, freshly made icky Beef, Pork, or other animal meats, they have it fresh.  The sausage area is impressively designed for cancer fearless beef eaters.  The cheese area has PolyO heart attack waiting for you cheeses.  If you miss east coast style fattening foods that is sure to make you a heavy weight, this is your grocery store.  I prefer SoCal free range non GMO local organic, so I will stay away from here.  But, my NJ friends love being fat and love this place.  They specifically import NJ, NY, Chicago specialty brand foods.  Canoli shells, gluten laden pastries, processed deli meats, canola toxic oil, all here waiting for those wanting to seek medical care often.
5	OMG really good produce!!! I live right next to this place and I really like it! I thought it was going to be like a whole foods but its was sooo different than every other store ive been in. They have some really fresh stuff in there and some easy ready to make foods there as well for those late last minute dinners.
5	This is my new regular grocery store. Impressed with the customer service. Can find everything you want here.
4	This place is great with food but kind of overpriced on other stuff besides that. Place is real clean and customer service is excellent. Definately a place to buy food if you live in the southwest area!
4	I love this place! It's a huge super market complete with a deli, bakery, eatery, and everything else.  No really, everything else.  It's a great hidden gem for east coast goodies as well!I 110% approve of their pizza.  You can change things up and get a huge 28" pie for just $20 bucks! It's not good stuff, it's great stuff. Seriously.
4	This is one of the best grocery stores I have been too. They have so much variety that can't be found in most stores. I love that you can order from a deli kiosk and they have it all ready for you to pick up before you check out, no line! They also have some great deals on meat selections. The whole atmosphere is awesome!!
5	I appreciate the Cincinnati style chili. Hard to find since I left that town.The employees are very helpful here and it's cool seeing the owner sitting in the food court everyday talking to staff and friends. A nice change of pace from the usual bland supermarket chains. Sort of like a Whole Foods and Trader Joe's on steroids!
5	Been here a few times because I was too lazy to drive to my regular soho a few more miles down. Was in and out so I never really took the place in. Then one day I heard they had a salad bar and I had to go back. I didn't even remember seeing one my first few visits. When I get there I heard a choir and I laid my eyes on said salad bar not to mention gelato, pizza,sushi, you name it. Crazy I missed it. This place is awesome. Salad bat was even better than whole foods. Very clean and well kept. Music in the background makes u feel like you're shopping in a movie. I keep getting the loopy cashier who just loves to talk about her plans once she's free. Can't stay away from this place. Dukedom here I come
5	I like shopping here for all my grocery needs and it's actually really nice..  They even have amazing Friday night dinner special that's worth every penny.  I haven't tried the salad bar because those things freak me out being out in the open for anyone to contaminant it.  The Flyers we get at the house can be crazy chopped prices some days.  This store is always packed on days they sell things cheaply, you're better off grabbing what you need and getting the heck out of dodge.Regular patrons can be ignorant as heck.  Mostly people with their heads up their a**es. Two examples: Leaving a shopping cart in the check out line when I'm clearly waiting my turn, then turning around and smirking at me. Number two people who buy 6 bottles of wine, walk up to the line with not one but TWO neon green signs that say in bold "cashier is under 21".  Ignorance is bliss..  Still loads better than shopping at Walmart.  Produce can be great some days and others it's "meh".
4	More east coast products. Lots of fresh pastas always great variety.  Clean deli and great food court pizza. All around a good grocery store that emulates wholefoods feel, food4less isles and prices. Lol
2	I want to love this store. And there isn't any reason why I shouldn't. It has everything I love. I can't even list all the things I love because there are just too many. So, I'll list the one thing that made me stop shopping here: Customer Service. We are a Boars Head family. It is the only lunch meat we eat. And Glaziers has a really beautiful deli with a super easy & convenient kiosk for ordering. It's stocked with everything you could ever want. Except a staff that knows how to slice this superior product. My cheese is consistently dirty. Meaning you can see remnants of the last cheese they sliced all over my cheese--same thing has happened with my ham...remnants of roast beef all over it. The cheese is never nicely sliced or separated by wax, by the time I get home, all the slices are kinda just molded into one lump. Impossible to separate without it tearing. If I order something sliced thin or very thin, I shouldn't have a bag full of of thick slabs of meat. I've ordered 'very thin' salami and it's so thick that you would think it's a joke. It has happened so often that I just go to Smith's for my Boars Head. But every once in a while, I'll stop at Glaziers and give the deli another chance. And it always ends in total disappointment. I love their amazing bakery too, but sadly there is never anyone back there to slice my bread. Like I said there are so many things I love about this market that would keep me coming back for more, but there's just one thing that keeps me away: basic customer service.
2	We really want to like this place...... but for the last 4 times we've tried to buy organic vegetables, they are all horrible in quality. Some even had mold on them! We also bought some Vlasic pickles that we opened when we got home and found them to be rotten with an expiration date of 2 months earlier! Our fault for not check at the store, but I don't know how that could possibly of happened if they were rotating their stock.
5	This is my favorite grocery in Las Vegas. The salad bar is excellent. I can watch sushi being made in the store. They have Boar's Head meats. I often see management personnel walking around the store keeping an eye on things. They have products that are sometimes hard to find west of the Mississippi. Great store. Nice layout.
5	I see myself getting all my future grocery shopping done here.This place is amazingly HUGE! There's signs outside saying it was rated Las Vegas's Best Grocery Store so I figured I'd take a look to see what the hype was about.This market place has a bakery, butcher, deli, and an ice cream/gelato place. I was totally not expecting that. They even have a separate section for organic foods which I didn't really get a chance to inspect, but appeared to have a good selection. This store is huge. You definitely don't think it would be from the outside, but it is.May this place continue to be Las Vegas' #1 grocery store.
4	Their food court is better than the mall's!
2	The market is a very good market but recently it's been getting difficult to shop there.  It seems there is a problem with their management of getting prices into the system.  The last five times there the checkout lines were held up for manual price checks.  I was a third person in line today with a product that I knew would not be in the system.  It's Chef Prodohmes Chitpotle sauce and it's 5.39.  I knew it wasn't in the system so I wrote it down and told the checker who refused to take me at my word.  So I told her skip it.  This was after another person in line ahead of me had the same problem on a different item.  And we had to wait several minutes because the person who does price checks was busy looking up two other aisles with the same problem.  C'mon Glaziers!  If you know it's not in the system have your checkers write down the SKU, and price with a description and PUT IT IN THE SYSTEM.  This is very customer unfriendly and it's getting worse.  It keeps happening.  Over, and over again.  I would give this place 4 stars if they never had this issue.
5	I love this store. I don't know why, but I do.I'll start with the reasons I shouldn't love it...okay, yes, produce is hot or not.. Sometimes they have THE BEST looking everything, and sometimes things are on their last leg.Sometimes their prices beat everyone in town. Sometimes things are priced high.Sometimes the employees grumble and seem annoyed but mostly NOT. It seems the owner runs a tight ship, so some stress is understandable... the attention to detail is usually obvious.I love that they are owned and operated by a family. I do most of my shopping here regardless of any negative aspects. They try to bring things in that people request. They carry Chicago products that no one else carries. They have, in my opinion, a really good pizza whether you take & bake or get already made.I guess I like the vibe, when I first shopped here I didn't "get it" it seemed weird, the food court and the store. Now, I just like it. It's different and it's small business in a way that chain supermarkets are not. I think it would fall in the "Locavore" category. They even carry locally produced stuff, Pahrump Valley Coffee & CJ's Custard are 2 of my favorites.I love that I can bring my grandmother here and she can argue with the owner about pineapples. ;)Please bring back CHINA MIST tea! It was my fave!
1	While I have been shopping with them for years, I recently have made the decision to no longer shop at Glaziers. Selection is alright, and while they do get some odd imported items here and there, Its not much to write home about. Produce selection can be hit and miss as other reviewers have stated, and the butcher is no better than any other supermarket (I would much rather go to The Butcher Block down the road). Pricing on items is also pretty standard some deals and some ripoffs. However, the one thing that has really made me decide to shop elsewhere is the "Shopping Gestapo" they keep posted at the front of the store. While some may refer to them as "Greeters" I find they do very little greeting at all and mostly just stand at the front looking intimidating, clearly there as loss prevention. Putting large orange stickers that read "paid" on any non bagged items so the Gestapo can verify that the item was indeed paid for.Furthermore, they force you to leave any backpacks with them, now I ride a motorcycle and as such use a backpack to carry my items back home. I understand that for them allowing me too keep it on carries some risk but with cameras watching the isles and the relative difficulty to stash something in a bag on your back compared to say... a purse. I feel all these things are a bit much and it all shows of poor respect for your customers, as well as detracts from the shopping experience.Granted, I can somewhat see why they may have started to enforce such a rule with there being a high school sort of near by, but this too is rather ageist don't you think? I know I look pretty young despite being an adult, but I'm holding a motorcycle helmet, I'm wearing protective gear. Would a teenager looking to shoplift have these things? Whats more, they say nothing about my helmet, one could hide something in there so much faster, while being much less assuming.Anyway this is just my experience and will be taking my business elsewhere.
5	This is my absolute favorite grocery store in Vegas. They have a great selection of produce that is always so fresh. The employees are always friendly and helpful and the check out lines are never long. They also always have a great selection of wines on sale.
1	I came here because I was told that they stock all the ingredients to make tiramisu. Everything was overpriced, the mascarpone cheese were expired, and the cashier forgot to bag my cocoa powder! And the humus I bought was expired too! Yes, I forgot to check the expiration date on the humus, but really?
5	I've concluded that Glazier's really is the best grocery store in Las Vegas.  Yes, they have the usual selection of produce, canned goods, meats, dairy, frozen, etc., but then they serve hot prepared food (steak night on Friday) and have lots of stuff from their bakery - and the breads and donuts I've tried taste like them came from a "real" bakery rather than a supermarket department.  The clincher, though, is that they are the only grocery store I've been to in Las Vegas with a huge selection of chip brands - Wise and Herr's.  Yummy flavors unavailable from the other (more common) manufacturers.
3	First let me start with Elaine at the automated self check out. I go to her for assistance and all I asked is for 8 dollars that I needed change for. Well, she seemed to be so lazy to count my change that she actually sent me to another register after she had already opened her register and could have easily pulled 8 dollars out of it. If you're already working and the register was opened what is the difficult part of counting $8. I absolutely dislike lazy employees. She did everything in her power to get rid of me as soon as possible.So I go over to Wanda and ask for the same thing. Thankfully she took the time to count but sighed about 3 times in the process. I didn't ask you ladies to climb a mountain... I only asked for change. I am a paying customer just like everyone else so take the time to provide quality service without sighing or passing me off to another register. Las Vegas is a service industry so think about good service before you can think about the workload coming your way.I give the 1 star because their food is good but their service is horrid.
5	When my friend told me about Glazier's Food Marketplace, I was so excited.  At last, Las Vegas has a top quality food mart similar to Whole Foods but a lot more inexpensive; and he's so right.  Their specialty items to their produce to their meat department is simply top notch and, their Deli is simply to die for.  The variety of salads and cheeses is second to none.  Glazier's also houses a variety of quality foods from the Midwest and East coast.  And if your favorite brand is not there from your home town, request it and it'll more than likely be there on your next visit.  One item I fell in love with and recommend is the Pastosa Pasta, located in the frozen section.  It originates from Brooklyn, New York, and comes in a variety of different pastas, such as large round ravioli, square ravioli, manicotti, stuffed shells, tortellini, gnocchi, lasagna, along with their fresh ingredient whole made sauces and is absolutely delish!  If you're from Chicago as I am, note that they also stock all the makings of a good Chicago dog, from the Vienna dogs to the neon green relish to the sport peppers!  Bon appetite!
1	Sadly, today I decided to review after a horrible experience yesterday. I went in because they have Blue Bell ice cream on sale for $3.98. I grab a vanilla and a no sugar added chocolate and head to the register. The vanilla rings up at $3.98 and the NSA chocolate rings up at $6.99. I told the cashier that must be a mistake. Another girl checks and tells me that NSA Vanilla is on the sale but the chocolate and strawberry are not????? WTF!!!! That is just ridiculous. I really like this store but pettiness like that will probably cause me to not shop there, ever again.
1	Glazier's is not a friendly place and is certainly NOT the Best of Las Vegas.  At 8:30 am I approached the meat and fish counter.  There were about 6 people working behind the counter.  After a few minutes of being ignored someone finally came over and asked me what I wanted.  Not a "good morning" or "welcome" which goes a long way to customer satisfaction but "do you need some help?"  Remember, it is 8:30 am and there can't be more than 5 customers in the entire store.  After previously looking at their packaged porterhouse steaks which were less and an inch think I asked the man behind the counter if I could get 2 porterhouse steaks cut an inch and a half thick.  He looked at me with somewhat of a bothered look and said yes but he could not charge me the sale price of $6.98/lb.  I asked what he would charge me and he said $9.98/lb.  The two steaks would have probably been 3 lbs. total so he wanted to charge me $9.00 just to cut two steaks.  Isn't the sole job of a butcher to cut meat?  I guess not at Glazier's.  And isn't the job of any business to make their customers as happy and satisfied as possible?  I guess not at Glazier's.  Stay away from this market and go somewhere else where they actually care about their patrons.
4	My family orders pizza from here sometimes and I have to say it's delicious....Aaand I'm not even a big fan of pizza
4	I absolutely love this place!! Being a New Yorker, I love that I can find specific food items here that I cannot find anywhere else. I love that it is family owned. The produce prices are amazing!!! The only reason that I gave it four stars is that every time I've been in there is an employee who is complaining about work. It's just unprofessional and not really inviting. They're not all that way but they should not be saying that in front of customers. Maybe I'm crazy for thinking that.
4	Something's are worth driving for. What's  the big deal about Glaziers? It's locally owned and the family is from the east coast. They have such a variety of different foods from across the country, it's a fun grocery trip. Real New York bagels and all sorts of goodies. And if you're not in the mood for cooking they have something for you too. A huge area of freshly prepared meals for one or two. The produce is ok.. and the prices can be good or bad depending on what you buy. Pto can even get a cooked steak dinner on Friday nights. Food for thought...
5	Some may say they are overpriced but the quality of food is worth it. The multiple facets of freshly made food daily from local residents as well as their exquisite food court options makes this grocery store very unique. Also Mr Glazier, himself, is big into fundraising events and helping local charities. If they would get some kosher chicken breasts in as well as kosher beef this place would be perfecto! I highly recommend this grocery store it has great options, fresh food and amazing quality from around the world.
3	Pretty torn about Glazier's. When you walk in there is a ton of freshly prepared food waiting for you. Pick up a nice deli sammie, a huge pizza to-go, a meal to heat up later or a cafe latte. 5-stars!... But then you hit the weak produce section, the tiny lil' 'healthy' section and you come back down to reality... Glazier's is just a normal-ish market. Given, you'll find some gems along the way (I snagged a random knish from Chicago that was so damn good), but for the most part it was a let down for me. Take into account I can only judge on the crap that I typically buy, so this could be your favorite store. For me, it's just A-OK. Somewhere above a Von's but way below a WF or TJ's.
2	I'm very confused why people think this is the best grocery store in Vegas.  I am consistently annoyed when coming here because while they carry kitschy items that most other stores don't carry, they don't carry many normal things, like a variety of tomato sauces, pickles or olives.  They also don't have a very good organic produce section.   I would much rather pay more and go across the street to Von's than be frustrated going into this store.
1	This is the worst managed store in las vegas! absolute horrible people run and own this store!! dont support them!!!! I was almost attacked by a guy in the parking lot that parked right on top of my ada handicap spot and then proceeded to cuss me out when I get out of my car. I confronted him on what his problem was and he quickIy ran in the store when he realized I am not someone he can bully. The management then came to the door and would not let me enter and kicked me off the premises as if I was wrong and not attacked by some strange man that parked so close to the line I could even get out. I am a regular at this store and probably one of the biggest customers too. Now that I know how the managers are and that they support bullying in there parking lot I will never return. Be careful if you go and pack a gun or a knife as the parking lot is not safe. Also you may not be able to get the food you need to feed your family if attacked as management supports bullying and harassment of their customers. I will find a store that I can shop at safely and where the management cares about my experience rather than be cussed out and the bully being able to shop. Sad sad experience!!! Wont be shopping here again!!!
5	Glazier's is yet the best in town for me. Not to mention the great Fruit Cake that they have and it comes with a reasonable price! It's so delicious we always come back for it. :D
5	Delightful place to shop! CLEAN store, no smells or odors, except where the baby back ribs are being roasted, and, that sneaky good stuff! Fair prices, and, great selection. A delight to me are Herrs, and Cape Cod Chips, and other brands only found 'back East' and not out here, any place else. Also other brands like Mr Fizz Soda from Durango CO, a real treat for me, the 'old' Coloradan here! :) I love the Olive Bar, where rare ripe and unripe olives can be found, fresh too. Good and full selection of very fresh meats, and dairy products, too. Always something to enjoy in that store. The help are excellent and it is well-managed also.
1	Novelty Yes everyday grocery shopping NO. Sure it's cool to see something different every now and then .They have a food court.They have items not available at regular everyday markets BUT here it is,their prices are THE HIGHEST IN THE COUNTRY.Everyday items are so uncompetitive priced you have to snicker at some of them.Their produce is seconds to,meaning second class turned down by other stores. I splurge on some fresh bread NY pasta occasionally.And their donuts are quite good.You just can't budget to shop here regularly.
4	I used to shop at Glaziers all the time a few years ago, when I lived in the Silverado Ranch area.  I recall they always seemed to have good deals, and good produce.This weekend, for the 4th of July, my fella and I stopped in to take a look at their meat selection for a "grill off" competition we were participating in.  First of all, what a selection in their seafood department!!  A huge slab of yellowtail Tuna (although I heard from another Yelper that this was not really good), HUGE shrimp that looked amazing, lobster tails, king crab clusters (not just the legs), and monkfish!  I've never seen monkfish anywhere, and at $7 a pound, we got 4 pieces and had a delightful lunch.We also found veal chops, which my fella and I had never seen before.  The chops were about an inch thick, so we asked the guys behind the counter if they could do a custom cut (inch and a half) for us.  They were more than happy to, showing us the meat and where it would be cut prior to doing it.  This right here is what makes me prefer Glazier's over Smith's.  At Smith's, the guys working the meat department are high school kids who don't know what a Cowboy cut is.  These guys actually KNOW what they are doing, and they know about the meat, the different cuts, etc.  I am definitely thinking that we will start shopping here more frequently again.  The produce looked great, and we picked up broccolini and endive, which I haven't seen in many other stores.
5	This is my favorite place for veggies & fruits. They are so fresh & cheap! Good selection to buy especially if you're into juicing.
2	I used to shop at Glazier's a lot.  However, I only go there now for the stuff I can't get anywhere else.  Watch the expiration dates on their merchandise.  They either don't rotate stuff well or they just don't care.  I've actually seen a lot of their dairy stuff either with expiration dates approaching in the day or two or already expired merchandise.  I've also seen cheese with mold on it there.  The staff is not friendly at all either.  Not to mention, they have all these signs with rules on them.  The customer's always right?!  Not at this store.  And the prices on their staples and non-perishables are much higher than the other stores.   I'd love to support local businesses over national chains, but they've got to give me a reason.
3	I like Glazier's for its Deli counter, bakery, and they also have some great pre-cut produce.  The Deli is by far the best I've seen in Vegas.  All Boar's Head products, lots of meats & cheeses to choose from.  I don't buy most other groceries there because it's often hard for me to find things I like.
4	$5.99 cheese pizza on Wednesdays. Not the best but more than worth the price!Wide selection of ready-made sweets and treats - much better than most other generic ones found in grocery stores (of course not comparable to dedicated cake shops with on site bakeries but you don't pay that much either).
5	This place is so like being back in NY. Best meat and seafood selection in town. We love the ready made foods and bakery.  My son and I love buying pizza dough and making our own pizza at home. Always a special time. Not a huge fan of the sauce so I make my own but all in all.... amazing!
5	I love this market. Everytime I go in I find exactly what it is that I need. Veggies fruit all of it is fresh and delicious.  I love shopping here.
4	The frozen pasta's from NY and the Italian cookies are the best! I don't go there for much more because it's pricey.
3	Another local grocery chain, kind of like a Vegas version of Trader Joes- but without their own product line, as far as I can tell. They do have a food court, which was a plus.Prices are all over the place with some good deals and some things that are overpriced, just like any major grocery store. Service seemed a bit more personable, but there wasn't much here that I couldn't get elsewhere- though this place carries more local and smaller brands, there wasn't enough to make it worth the trek across town.Food court has gelato, pizza and dough, a nice salad bar, and a ton of bakery items. This is basically the HEB grocery chain from south Texas, just without it's own branded items.
4	I love this place. The butcher selection is the best in the area, you can't compare with the quality of the meat anywhere else in south west Vegas. The deli is amazing too and I really like the fresh pasta. The only reason why I didn't give them 5 stars is because some things can be on the pricier side. Although they do have some good sales on some of their wine.
5	A little pricey, but of course really high quality food. They make sandwiches at the deli and sell wine, olives and cheese, so it's a nice place to pick up a quick and fancy dinner. Always some female eye-candy in here too.
4	I love this place enough to "5-star" it but I really wish they wouldn't be so wasteful and put those stupid "paid" stickers on everything. Even when I brought in my own reusable shopping bag, they were still stickering! I asked her not to and she said that it's a rule. What a crock!! The "security" guy at the front doesn't even pay attention to the stickers. I once left 9 gallons of water on the bottom of the cart and only put one on the line, just told her to ring up 10. So she didn't sticker the 9 underneath and the guy up front didn't say boo about it. Also, isn't this what receipts are for?? Proof of purchase.Stop being wasteful Glaziers! I love you too much for this. :( For this reason, and this reason only... I am forced to revoke one of your well deserved stars.
3	I ran across this place on the way to an appointment.  I'm usually not in the southwest.  I kind of wish there was one closer.  Reasonably big store with a lot of things I don't see elsewhere particularly in the produce section where it was a cross between regular, mexican and asian markets.  There were a number of in-house restaurants and a lot of prepared foods to go.  I was more there to browse and check things out than buy and it's a good thing I wasn't particularly hungry or I would have been in trouble!  No smoothie or juice bar which is #1 on my list for this type of store but certainly a lot of variety everywhere.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE this grocery store!! First of all, it is always clean. Spotless actually and impeccably organized. For a store that stocks so much it is absolutely incredible how easy it is to find things. The shelves are always completely full of everything I want and I'm constantly getting to experience new finds.  My favorite thing about this store is you can find food from other regions!  For example my husband is from NJ and there are lots of things he likes to get when we visit his family.  I was shocked to find some of these foods at my local Glazier's.  I have found fresh pastas from Chicago, mustard I've only been able to find in Cleveland, etc.  Chances are you might be able to find your own tastes from home! The deli is absolutely top notch featuring Boar's Head meats and cheeses.  I have ordered many party trays from them including fruit, veggie, cracker/meat, and shrimp. They are always on time and super fresh. One thing I really like about ordering trays here is that they have a display case and you can actually see what you are ordering.  I have ordered cakes and cupcakes from the bakery in addition to purchasing cookies, donuts, etc. All of it has been super tasty! There is a food court in the store which offers all types of different food, as well as, a salad bar and ice cream! This way you never have to grocery shop while hungry!
5	What can I say about Glazier's? It's simply an awesome store! I live on the East side of Las Vegas, but when I'm on the West side, I never miss a chance to go to Glazier's! Beautiful produce section and really yummy bakery products. But you can spend hours in the deli section trying to select sandwich meats or one of their single serving entrees or side dishes. You can eat there, too. They have a microwave to heat up your food or they have pizza, sushi, and sandwiches. And if you look hard, throughout the store you'll find small displays of snacks that you "gotta try." Glazier's is definitely a shopping adventure!
1	Beware!! The other day my mother and I were in there and we were looking at the frozen tortellini that were 2 bags for $4 the name was italian feast I believe. Anyways, we went to go pick up a bag of the tri colored tortellini and looked at the date only to find it expired 9/13. 2013!!!! That's a YEAR OLD!!!!! We took a bag to the cashier and told her. Hopefully they were all removed before somebody gets sick. Make sure you always check the dates!!! Another thing, we bought pears there and the night we brought them home they were already completely ROTTEN! With holes and what looked like mold as well. After only a few hours... Not good produce. Plus, always compare prices. There's stuff in here for $5 you can get at Smiths for $1.99.
4	A great clean store to shop in. I love the variety of items here that you cannot find anywhere else in town, and the fact that if you ask for a certain item, they usually can get it in.  My only complaint is that I have found expired food on the shelves multiple times.  They should check with the vendors our just train the employees to remove expired product from the shelves.
4	I do most of my grocery shopping at this store. It's very clean and organized. There is a huge selection of meats at the deli, you can always find something new if looking. Not only that, you can put your order in and pick it up later when you are done shopping. The seafood and Butcher section of the store is always fully stocked with great selections as well. They have a ice cream stand, and sandwich stand, and dinner specials as well. They have some pretty unique items here that I haven't seen anywhere else which is nice because I like to try new things. Don't mind the people outside protesting the store, if anything it makes me want ro support the store more. This is a true mom and pops place and I love to be able to support. I highly recommend making a trip to Glaziers and seeing for yourself!!
5	This place is great and well priced, better than the other major grocery store chains in town.  Also a big plus is the customer service!  Everyone, customers and employees, are so much nicer.  I feel like I can relax and shop rather than rush and get it done because of all the rude people at the other grocery stores.  I highly recommend for anyone looking to shop local and save money on groceries.
5	The chocolate donuts are the best in town! They also have red velvet donuts which I'm definitely going to get again. Glazier's sells a HUGE pizza for a great price. I liked it enough to go back for it two days later.
1	DO NOT EAT AT THE FOOD COURT. I used to work there and got fired for complaining so much about the fact that there were many COCKROACHES by the sinks. On the side wall I found about 6 cockroaches that were all the same sizes in the same area so I know there were eggs there too. My coworker was eating a stromoli and put it in the back and I walked back there for a towel and found 3 fully grown cockroaches on it. I found two baby ones on my sandwich station and when I told my supervisor, he told the manager in front of me then said, "k now that I told him about a problem he knows about and that we can't fix can you go back to work?" Sad part is the manager knows but decides to not do anything about it. Plus the owner's a dick and threatened to fire me when I first started because there was a water spot on the glass. And the owners a cheap asshole who only cares about himself and he doesn't deserve a cent of what he's making.
2	Update. Staff is still crap. Asked for my $10 sandwich to be toasted, the guy stuck it in the pizza oven for 2 minutes, didn't even get warm enough to feel when I ate the sandwich. He didn't put the cheese or meat on the bread before he put it in the oven so , obviously , there was no melted cheese. 10$ a sandwich and I have to tell the worker to put mayonnaise on the sub otherwise he would hand it to me dry. Seriously poor work ethic and competence.
4	A New Yorkers kind of supermarket. They carry Boar's Head and alot of brands found on the east coast. If your a trans plant from ny you will love this place.
4	The deli is wonderful as well as the "East Coast" foods. However, there is confusion at check out & no one to assist with carrying out the groceries to your car. I am someone who is over 65, spends more than $150 per week at this market but get so flustered & upset when you have to bag at the check out most of the time and then empty out your cart into your vehicle. Every time I get finished with that scenario I see the young man is outside pushing the carts back into the store. What's up with that lack of service? Please look into this because I don't want to change super markets but may have to do so due to this problem.
5	I forgot how much I LOVE this place seeing that I don't live in the southwest area anymore but it's worth the drive! Prices can be steep on commercial items however produce and meat are reasonably priced and fresh. And they offer military discount on Thursdays!
3	I was very excited when this store first opened. At first place it appears to be a nice store. The deli sells boars head and they have some food items from Chicago that's why I gave it 3 stars. The downside. The meats are terrible. They seem old judging by the color. Their produce is terrible too. One of the only places I've seen soft limp dakon. Better off going to Trader Joes or Sprout market.
5	I really like Glaziers. They always have everything I need and will order you and brand or type of item you need even if you could only find it on the east coast years ago. The owner is always there and is really nice. All their deli salads and pre made meals/dishes are delicious. Prices are great. Meats are quality. I always enjoy my trips to Glaziers. Oh yeah, the produce is great too.
1	Another crappy experience at glaziers. Went to get an Italian sandwich, the kitchen manager actually made it for me. The guy has a crappy attitude, you can see it from the beginning. After he finished making my sandwich, right before he was wrapping it up, I asked him to throw pickles on it. He says "no pickles". He couldn't even look me in the eye. I can see the pickles right in front of me, they are halfway covered but i can see them. He just picks and chooses what he is willing to put on a customer's sandwich. Mr. Glazier, your kitchen team sucks. Only reason I keep coming back is because you use quality meat and cheese.
1	Absolutely terrible business practices!!!I was checking my email after work and saw the new weekly specials for Glaziers - awesome! Scrolled through and saw their deal for Norbest turkey that was going for $0.57/lb if you spent $25, valid through 12/02. So off I went, in the lovely Vegas rain, to stock up on a ham and turkey for Christmas.Turns out when I get there that the deal expired on 11/27, although it said in BLACK AND WHITE in TODAY'S email that it was good through 12/2. The cashier checks with the manager, who then claims to call THE OWNER who says he is not honoring it. Seriously?! It's on your WEBSITE, the printed circular I have in my hand, and in your email. Buddy, I hate to tell you but you're doing a fantastic job of practicing false advertising. My husband and I have been loyal supporters of your store since you opened but your questionable business practices and apparent disregard for your customer's time and, believe it or not, ability to read, means we won't be back. Vons is less than 60 seconds from you and at least they honor their word!PS. Your "Thousands of Prices reduced" tagline in this week's ad? Maybe you should reduce it to the price you're advertising.
5	This Market is awesome! It has so much. Great wine selection, amazing deli, bakery, and meat counter. The only thing is the owners are a bit hard to deal with. They are always in the store micromanaging their staff. They are very picky and frugal with their customers. But the staff is excellent. The regular worker is very easy to deal with. Overall though an awesome market!
5	I never thought I would give a grocery store five stars, but this place is incredible! It has pretty much everything you can possibly imagine in a grocery store, times ten. The meat section is huge, they have freshly baked bread, there is a salad bar to get quick meals. The prices are not super cheap, but the selection is insane. Even in the evening, there is still a selection of fresh cakes, meats, and pastries available. (There wasn't any more freshly baked bread when I went, though.) Everything in the store is clean and well-stocked. Checkout is fast. What more can you ask from a grocery store? Great go-to if I actually lived in Vegas.
