3	Good to find some fancy olive oil or herbal tea, or some decoration things as well as cards. I can never seem to find nice cloths on any Marshall's except for some underwearEmployees do a good job keeping it in order for how people do mess things around.
5	The manager was very pleasant greeting me at the door which was nice after a day in Snottsdale where people didnt even look you in the eye or acknowledge your presence in any way.  I left at closing time.  Manager let me out of store and asked if I was parked near by.  I said yes right there pointing to the first parking spot in front.  She said o.k. great have a good night while she watched me to make sure that I got to my car safely then she waived and said have a good night.  Wow what a really great person that woman is.  She needs a raise!
3	I came here looking for dresses, well, they had maybe ten in the store.  That was a disappointment,  but when I started looking around,  I found some really awesome home and kitchen items.  I actually found two boxes of mason jars with chalkboard name plates for $10 each to bring along with me to Vegas.  I looked online and they go for over $20 a box, so that was a great deal.  This particular store is especially clean and organized with was awesome!  I also found I really great dog toy for my pups. This is by far thE best Marshall/Ross type store but they lose points because the clothing selection sucks.
2	I love coming to this Marshall's because it's always super clean and has great merchandise however this is the second occasion I feel their employees have been rude. This time a man named Bill who I'm assuming was a manager was helping at checkout. Bill literally said nothing to me except my total, I even greeted him and asked how his day was and even said thank you have a great day to neither of which did he respond to, just looked at me. I think at the bare minimum of customer service you should be responsive.
3	This Marshall's is cleaner than most Marshall's/Ross type stores I have been to. Shoe and clothing selection is hit and miss....but isn't it always at these types of stores? I will say that some of the previous reviews say that employees were rude at this store- I have been to this store 10+ times and I will say this is very true. There are probably 2-3 employees who dont look like they hate their jobs...the rest basically look like they want to light you on fire with their eyes just because you are sharing the same air with them. Maybe they need a hug. I do NOT volunteer for this task but I will be back because I like good deals on clothes and shoes. 'Merica.
