4	I really like that the free weights are separated from the treadmill area. pool is nice trainers are great too. I usually go after work and its never too crowded. they also have some great spin classes.
4	If you are not into the "scene" at the gym and you really just want to get your workout on, this is a great gym.  You'll typically see mid 30's types on up so if you're trying to check out the 20 something hotties, you might want to head over to Lifetime Fitness or another sexy gym.  Sometimes I feel young at this gym and I'm 39...makes me like it even more!  While Fitness Forum isn't too sexy, it has it all.  They have an indoor pool, all the treadmills, ellipticals, weights and other stuff you would expect AND classes for free.  It's around $29 a month and there is never a big crowd there, so no waiting for a machine, etc.
2	Not really a friendly "customer service" oriented type of gym.  Not responsive to members requests.   Front desk is grumpy and doesn't bother to look up when you walk in.  Too busy doing their nails, homework, or talking.   Seems to be a control issue with the bike class passes too.   Not so sure I can recommend this gym to anyone.
4	I used to be a regular at LA Fitness but cancelled after moving.  Now that I am back in the area (and live next to FF) I decided to give it a try since I got an employer discount.  This is a no-frills gym, but has everything you need.  There are never any crowds and this includes Monday at 5pm. I quickly got used to getting in and out in under an hour.  The staff is freindly and there are no pushing sales people and annoying personal trainers trying to get you to sign up.  What I like most about this gym is if anything ever breaks or malfunctions the owners have it fixed and running within a day or two.
1	Customer service is virtually non existant, staff is rude and completely unhelpful.  The entire operation from equipment to billing is extremely antiquated. The snack bar is never open and the entire place smells, bathrooms in particular.  Speaking of bathrooms - I have yet to even think about showering here.  Bathrooms are disgusting and seem to never get a good cleaning or cleaned with sanitizer.  Fitness class space is crammed and there seems to be no air circulating at all.  Cardio equipment if often broken or out of service and their is no sense of urgency to repair things including the sauna.  Try a spin class - completely unorganized and there is apparently some sort of process to reserve a bike???  I was so frustrated that I after three attempts I gave up. Staff is completely misleading upon joining, advertisements are a bait and switch, and the elusive owner cannot seem to return  a phone if her life depended on it. (I gave up on this too - after the sixth attempt to reach her.)  I also think it's a bit overpriced in comparison to the competition, which have far more to offer and they only allow you TWO guest passes PER YEAR (Most gyms allow for 1-2 PER MONTH!).  Unless they are able to retain and recruit the  "senior" aged clientele (which is their primary membership demographic it appears), this gym will be bankrupt in no time.  I would HIGHLY advise against joining and would suggest not wasting your time or energy here.  I'm moving on to a real gym.  If I wanted to join the Mickey Mouse Club, I would have went to Disneyland.
5	I recently joined and have been impressed with the service. There are many activities and options including pool, steam, spin, and a good selection of free weights/machines.  More reasonably priced than many other gyms with similar options.
3	Fitness is everywhere and this location is a family run business, not your run of the mill franchise.  With that being said they do have an indoor pool, racquetball court, spin class, weights, and cardio machines.  The crowd is of mixed age, so no intimidation here.  The only issue I have is the staff is unable to assist me with tuning my cell phone to their TV audio portion. I have been unable to find an app that allows me to tune the cell phone and it seems as though the staff has no interest in pursuing a solution for its patrons; so without close caption you would be lost.  Other than that inconvenience, give this place consideration.
4	Great fitness center in Chandler!  This is a family owned business that offers a wide variety of classes and personal training.  I highly recommend attending Patty's Pilates class.  This class takes Pilates to a whole other level!  The staff is friendly and always welcomes each members to their locations.  They have an indoor pool for lap swim or come classes.  They offer reasonable prices to members and a no-frills gym.  This is the place to work out and not feel intimidated.
1	Family Friendly Gym ?  I guess not any more.  I used to be a member of this gym for over 10 years.  Decided to leave because because I now travel for work and it was important for me to get a gym that was more regional so I could work out when I am out of town.  While the gym and equipment is nothing special, what really kept me working out at the gym all those 10 years were the members, many of them Veterans & Seniors that I had build a special bond with.  Over the years, I continue to visit them from time to time to catch up on old friends especially during holidays and special occasions.  Some members who are not with us anymore, I have even attended their memorial services.Today is Veterans Day, and I took it upon myself to take the time and go and wish the various members, many of them veterans of WWII, Vietnam, Korea etc. who I have known all these years Happy Veterans Day.  To my utter surprise, the attendant at the front desk told me I could not enter beyond a certain line because of insurance purposes.  These veterans were seated just a few feet away from that line of scrimmage and they were all sitting around the table.  This is like a small waiting area few feet away from that line, near the juice bar and yet I could not go and wish them Happy Veterans Day.  I could not in my heart have a 90+ year old veteran get up from his chair and get onto a walker and wish me and so I just waved out to him.  For all those of my veteran friends that I could not wish personally, I am truly very sorry.Family Friendly Gym?  I guess not.  I used to recommend this gym to those that preferred a family friendly environment, but I guess things have changed and so will my future recommendations.
2	Simple gym geared mostly to middle age/ senior citizen community. It has a very small room for free/cable weights and most of the cardio equipment is dated.The one great thing about this place is that it is never packed, even at typical gym peak hours it is empty. I wish it had more variety of equipment but it has the very basic to get the job done. It worked for me when I barely moved to AZ but now that I am settled and want to take my gym workouts to the next level I'm going to look for a new gym.
4	Fitness Forum is a great gym for those who are looking for a no-nonsense workout facility at an affordable price.  The reviews indicating the lack of 20-something's in skimpy attire, minimal custoemr interaction, etc. are accurate.  However, despite the claims of poor responsiveness by the staff, they do respond to direct requests (for example, a copy of your billing history or membership agreement get a pretty prompt reply).  But given that their monthly dues are about 50% of competing gyms with similar variety of amenities, I'd say it's a good value for the price.  If you want a gym with absolutely state-of--the-art equipment and the range of classes they offer, it will run about 2X the cost.  The only way to get down to their price point is to pick a gym with similar variety in equipment with virtually no classes or a gym with a much smaller footprint and equipment offering.  (We shopped around about a year ago.)In my mind they do lose some points for front desk engagement (that's simply an attitude and approach and not impacted by budget) and for not getting more active/creative in the classes they offer... some of the instructors are very mediocre and there does not seem to be significant interest in keeping the offerings fresh (for example, minimal Zumba offerings).  The classes offered are pretty hit or miss and you'll want to see a specific class before deciding it's value for you.All in all, a good place for a decent workout, especially if you're into cardio/resistance training.  If you want classes, check the schedule and ask for a pass to check out the class(es) you have interest in before signing up to make sure the class you're interested in will meet your needs.
1	This place is horribly  managed by a jew.  Front desk employees  always  seem to be doing nothing instead of cleaning the desk or doing something  productive. The manager should hire more cleaning  personal because  the place is dirty most the time. Machines have  sweat and dust that just sit there. The problem could be avoided if employees would do their work and not leave it all up to the janitor. Again very poor managed and a waste of money.
