5	This is the best spot to find affordable and trendy costume jewelry. If you're looking for a pair of earrings, a bracelet or a necklace to match an outfit within a budget, then this is the place. They have items organized by color family, including gold, silver and bling. This is also a great spot for a purse, iPhone case or cute top. The quality isn't top notch, but you can't beat the price.
4	I love this place!  For those not familiar it has a LARGE selection of relatively inexpensive costume jewelry, accessories and purses. The clothing seems to be kind of to fill in space.  I've actually never even looked at it... but who could with all the bling around!It's merchandized by color which I think is appealing and convenient.  It's hard not to do three laps.  There's just so much to look at, pick up, contemplate, etc.Nothing is super high quality but if you have shopped at the Fantastic Indoor Swap meet and bargained with the vendors there, Charming Charlie's has bigger selection, similar or better quality costume Jewelry and lower prices.I'm not sure I understand one reviewers comments about "paid parking or lot"  I suspect she didn't find her way to the abundant underground parking at Tivoli Village.  The layout is confusing but if you find your way past valet and into the garage you just hang an immediate left, then right down the first isle and go until you find the second set of elevators.  Go up to Street level, out the door and Charming Charlies is a few doors down on the left.The first time I visited Tivoli Village I didn't even notice the underground parking and hoofed it from the outside lot and that was pretty crowded so it was a long walk at the end of  a long day so "My dogs were barkin'"  If you get hungry while you are there, I think there are more restaurants than stores!  I haven't tried them all yet but Echo & Rig is my favorite so far.  It' kind of throws you off because it has a butcher shop downstairs (which is fantastic if you are a home cook and want quality ingredients) and the restaurant is upstairs and bigger than you would think!Tivoli Village definitely makes for a nice afternoon and it's beautiful at night.  I hope in the summer they have some kind of live music.  I would be there!
5	I cannot put into words how much I love and enjoy shopping in this store. Not only is it so affordable, it has the cutest to prettiest & most unique jewelry and clothing offered in town. It's such a fun experience you could spend hours in here. It fits all of my needs as well as my kids and everytime I wear out my Charming Charlies jewelry or scarves, I am overwhelmed with compliments
