5	My new place is across the street from this joint, and when we signed the lease we were very excited about being so close to our FAVOURITE Vietnamese sandwich shop in Montreal.They know their stuff. Not much more to say but good sandwiches, casual atmosphere (you order, pay and receive your food at the counter, unless you get a soup or something, and then you can stay and eat at their tables or take it to go). Super affordable (all sandwiches are under $5). My favourite is the tofu. YUMMMMM.They close at 7pm.Update: I've gotten sick from the pork ball sandwich twice, unfortunately. That one is like playing Russian roulette.
4	They have a lot of variety of sandwiches! When I first tried it, I was a little bit disappointed by the beef sandwich. However, that happens to any place with plenty of variety: you like some and you hate some. I came back for the original sandwich, and it was like the one I ate all my childhood. Really good. It's also very cheap, going for 3,50$ each. They also do it in front of you, all customized and very fast service.
5	Discovered this place in my neighborhood not too long ago and have been going back on a weekly basis. Please refrain from going to the Subway next door and try this type of sandwich instead. Best banh mi in town. Price/Quality ratio unbeatable. Lots of variety. I even treated  my co-workers to some recently because I just HAD to share the joy. Yummy!
4	Just a bright little window ledge with a few seats, a counter where you order, and a few shelves of vietnamese snacks and dried soups, some fridges with prepared foods. The best Bahn Mi in the area, and there are some good ones. The chicken curry noodle soup is nice too especially on a rainy day. The service is friendly and smiling and things are made fresh for the most part. A great spot to grab a sandwich before a picnic in the park.
3	I love Banh Mi sandwiches and I was recommended this place which is conveniently located at the corner of Jean-Talon / St-Denis. Once you walk in, on your right you pass by a long SUPER SHINY table where patrons can enjoy their food. On your left is an open fridge area where you can pick up your desired drink, dessert and so forth. On the far right there's a deli counter where you can order your food and watch it get prepared for you in front of you. Just make sure to pay attention during the preparation and not share my fate.I went with their #1 Banh Mi sandwich and overall it was pretty good. For a mere $4 you have this huge beast of a hoagie with the ingredients you want . The bread was perfect, the ingredients were fresh and it would have been a solid 4 star experience... if the person who did my sandwich understood correctly that I did not want my Banh Mi to be spicy. NO SPICY? MO' SPICY? Being someone who's not a fan of spicy and would much rather taste the sandwich for what it is... I felt the spiciness diminished my BANH MI EXPERIENCE! (-1).All in all, I may try again... one day.
5	my favorite banh mi joint in town. well, the one i go most often to as i live nearby.the banh mi are dirty cheap, simple and really good. i always stick with the regular or the gelatinous pork one and always always get it with extra thai chili because i need that spicyness in my vietnamese food.besides banh mi, they serve soups too but its more of an afterthought. and they have a cold prepared food section where you can get cured pork, che (pudding) and other stuff. i don't bother with that section since i can always ask my mom to call her contacts and get it straight from the source so you know its as fresh as it can be like right off the stove fresh ;p
5	Banh mi! I am not vietnamese but i love vietnamese food. I've tried so many in town for many years. A lot opened and a few closed but this one survived because its the best in town.
