4	good pool to get drunk at.
3	I honestly can understand why there's not a lot of reviews and buzz about The Pleasure Pool pool party at PH. It's a small pool and not your typical rage Las Vegas pool party. I went this weekend with my family and friends and let me just say we had SO MUCH FUN!!!! We got bottle service at our day bed and the service was fantastic, the DJ was great and we danced as if we were at typical Las Vegas pool party. This place is very low key atmosphere and great if you wanna party with your younger family members such as cousins and siblings etc. there were a few groups in cabanas and let me just say they all looked like they were having a blast! Also a bachelorette party. We stayed until the Bikini contest ended and it was so much fun! Apparently the day we went wasn't very crowded but to me it seemed like a great amount of ppl to enjoy the day with, so i cant imagine what a typical Saturday looks like (prob better!!). OVER ALL I do recommend The Pleasure Pool if u wanna relax and party at the same time and I def recommend going Saturday! I will def be going back next time I go to LV.
2	This review is not about the scene, but really about the logistics of the pool that is free to guests (not the party side that features a B-list celeb).  1) Tanning -- don't plan on getting any sun until late in the morning because whoever designed the building layout planted the pool where the sun don't shine until past noon! I've been eyeing Caesar's jealously seeing how much sun the front of the building gets while I'm still in shade at 11 am. 2) No outside food or beverage -- doesn't apply to early birds with their Starbucks but does apply to those who go to Fat Tuesday's daiquiri bar and invest in 32 oz drinks at 10 am. 3) Cabana and daybeds rentals -- a pool person comes around every two hours or so to check for wristbands. When we were there it appeared no one had come by before 1 pm so they were pretty much first come first serve until then. Even the waitresses didn't care if you paid or not. Considering the aforementioned, the rental cost of a daybed is highway robbery with an automatic $35 gratuity added to it. 4) Setup -- like a holiday inn pool area. Far from glamorous, but wasn't expecting glamorous so no let down there.
4	We were staying at PH and came to this pool. There was a group of like 8 of us, it was great.  Like another reviewer said, it's a good pool to get drunk at. hahahaThere was a DJ and while it' snot one of the dayclubs/pool parties in Vegas, it was still ALOT of fun. the pool can get crowded at times and you see the murky water full of sunblock.  But that's nothing alcohol consumption can't make you forget. haha
2	I went to PH's adult only  Pleasure Pool on a weekday with my gf and three friends. We all had a great time and stayed the entire afternoon. Bottle service kept the booze flowing and the DJ was spinning top 40 and old school mashups. It was a good 30 something/older millennial atmosphere.  This review and star rating, however, is specifically a critique of the service provide by Bria, our waitress/hostess and Chris, the bar manager/glorified cabana boy. We live in AZ. So Vegas trips are a regular event, many times each year, as it's a short road trip or a super quick flight away. This time we decided to try out a Groupon for a pool party. It got us a cabana, a fruit bowl, and a bottle of vodka at PH's  Pleasure Pool, and we had to pay an additional $80 in gratuity beyond the groupon price. We also purchased a 2nd bottle later in the day. 18% auto grat on that one too. Service for the first bottle was bare minimum: ice stayed filled but beyond that our waitress had no idea how to provide good service: the little things are what matter. The refrigerator was filled with water BUT it also contained somebody else's leftover sandwich. Our private cabana was not so private as the walls between adjoining cabanas were completely open; we got to "enjoy" our neighbors cigar smoke.  The remote control for our TV was missing a battery. Our bean bag like couch cushions had not been touched since the last party in the cabana, as the filling naturally shifted to an uncomfortable slope that made you nearly fall off the front end of the sofa. I fluffed and adjusted them myself multiple times so that my friends could actually sit on them comfortably. I also took responsibility for tidying up our cabana all afternoon, as our waitress took no time to dispose of used fruit garnish, straw wrappers, empty water bottles, etc. The straw that broke the camels back was when I had to fetch my own bucket of ice midway through our second bottle. We asked Bria and another waitress at least twice and I even asked Chris the manager for some ice. After asking Chris, I finished the last three quarters of my drink and used the bathroom: STILL NO ICE. So I head inside to get the ice myself. No sooner than I am handed my ice at the indoor bar, Bria shows up not with the ice that she has forgotten but my check with that 18% gratuity that she in no way earned.I asked to speak with a manager about having the auto grat removed. Bar manager Chris came over to the cabana, immediately followed by two different cabana boys with two buckets of ice. Five minutes into our conversation he tries to point out all the ice we have in our cabana as a counter argument to our complaint. He extends no empathy nor apology. He only points out that the service workers union mandates the 18% auto gratuity and that is why he can't remove it. I refuse to sign the credit card slip. He then proceeds to act like he is doing us a favor by not kicking us out. Absolutely unbelievable. I don't understand how night clubs and pools clubs can get away with such poor service and unappreciative, insulting treatment of their guests. If a restaurant provided service like this they would no longer be in business.
5	I really enjoyed the gambling area of the Planet Hollywood pool.  All the tables are Black Jack except one 3 Card Poker table.  The dealers are friendly and it's a really fun atmosphere where it seems like pretty much anything goes.  Everyone is really laid back!!
