1	It was a beautiful summer day and my fiancee and I wanted to sit on the patio for a meal. So we stood waiting to be seated at the entrance, but none of the servers seemed to be too concerned about us or the people waiting behind us. Finally we asked a server passing by to seat us.We then ordered a couple of drinks and a Canadian poutine. For some reason, such a simple order took more than half an hour to arrive, while the people behind us with large groups and large meals were served before us. Our waitress made rare appearances. The poutine finally arrived and although it tasted fine, it was nothing special and wasn't filling at all, especially for the premium price of $7.Don't waste your time at this tourist trap. There are plenty of similar restaurants around, many which are nicer. The menu is very limited and the service wasn't very good at all. Explore the alleyways and surrounding area, you will find much better.
3	Sat out on the split-level patio overlooking the central courtyard where we could enjoy some street performers, like balloon clowns, musicians and jugglers. I had a tasty steak sandwich on a fresh, perfect baguette, with a chef's salad. Although we got a little distracted by a slight chill in afternoon air, it was still a nice break in touristy Old Montreal. Service was efficient and friendly.
2	Finding a place for a large-ish group to eat at 9.30 on a Thursday night isn't the easiest thing to do.  Especially when some people in the group want air conditioned inside and others want to sit patio side.  Well, either way, a group of about 6 of us ended up here for dinner on the patio.It looked really busy but we were seated right away...right next to the server's door.  Not really the fault of the staff because at least there was a table for us, but not really the greatest for enjoying our meals with all the hustle and bustle.  Our waitress was sweet and very accommodating in the fact that no one in our group spoke French but insisted on asking a million questions.  Needless to say, several of our orders got messed up but again, trying to cross languages will lead to that so I'm not critical of that.What really got this a 2 star review is the food.  It just wasn't...that...good.  I ordered a Croque Monsieur, one of my favorite casual French foods, and it was dry and fairly tasteless.   I only ate 1/2 of it before I just gave up.  It just wasn't worth it to me when there are so many other choices in the area.  Save your tastebuds and go someplace else.
3	Nice place to sit outside in Montreal. A bit expensive, but its in Old Montreal and its one of the better deals in the neighborhood. Delicious fries and toasty garlic bread are good snack choices to have with drinks.
3	I enjoy going there especially in summer on terrasse mind you I got disappointed with my food for I believe that the cook does not know what bleu saignant means for a steak especially when I returned my steak and still got it medium to well done!
2	Great location in the center of Old Montreal. The place was busy when we got there and service was a bit slow. We ordered poutine  (as I heard that was the best to order in Montreal) and they recommended one with chicken and peas. It was a weired combination and didnt even have any cheese...what kind of poutine without cheese???They also didn't have any coolers....Hot summer day..no coolers..I wasn't impressed with the place...
3	Was not all impressed with this place. The location was great. But the food and staff were only so so.
3	Let's face it, most of the people go to this restaurant because of the view. One of the best seats in town, really. You're near the water and watching the people come and go. I was extremely confused though, there is no clear entrance and there are several doors and no indication as to who is the greeter. Worse such was at the patio, there simply was an an entrance but no one to greet and take you to a table. Also, no sign saying "please wait to be seated". Once we got our seats though, food was prompt and service was efficient.  The quality of the food was alright except for the escargot au gratin which was great. Filling, but not what if consider to be an essential visit on a trip to Montreal. Oh, the margaritas are the size of two human heads. That's pretty impressive.
3	This place is all about the location. And by location I mean to say they have possibly the best location for a restaurant in the city of Montreal. Right on the bottom of Jacques Cartier Square, street performers often set up right here.If you go here for one reason, the location, you will probably have a good time. I had a great time.  They could've served s**t on a shingle and I still would've had a good time.The food was not anything great and the service was rather confusing. At some point in our lunch, our server abandoned us. I suspect her coverage area got shifted and nobody else picked up on it.Five stars for location. Three stars for food. Two stars for service.
2	I ordered one ice tea, six wings and fries. The order arrived on time but was sub par. Friendly wait staff.  Wings were tiny (8.95!!) and the fries were the kind you baked at home in the oven. This place was a joke. What I HATE about Montreal when visiting is the restaurant service and changing your order. I ordered the iced tea and when it arrived I asked to exchange it for a beer (which was more expensive) the waitress says 'Sorry I already punched it in and cannot change it'.  What a joke.  I told her that she is able to change it and then just took the tea.  I have also noticed that hygiene in Montreal is different. It is hard to speak up when you see unsanitary things happening to your own food.  This place was nothing to write home about. Applebees would be better.
1	One of the worst service I got in Montreal! The waitress was very rude and the sangria wasn't good either. One of the worst restaurant experiences I've ever had!
1	I was with a group of 8 and were looking for something local with some authenticity. Sadly it didn't happen because most locations in Old Montreal close at 11pm. There was one saving grace which was this place... or so we thought.We were seated outside with a gorgeous view of Old Montreal. The menu is diverse with mix of local and popular North American food like burgers and pizzas. I ordered the penne main and escargots appetizer. Everyone ordered a different dish.The server was friendly and initally engaging but that's about it. He would disappear at times, especially after asking him 5 times to get us water. In the end we got our pitcher which only filled 5 cups and our food arrived after he brought us water. We never got water again.My penne was bland and boring, only peppers as veggies and the snails were chewy plus there was no care for the presentation. One person ordered steak and got a steak sandwich instead. When his steak arrived it was medium and not medium rare like he asked. The one who did order the steak sandwich had his selection mixed up with the one who ordered steak and ended up mistakingly upgraded his fries to poutine. The one who wanted poutine didn't get any because they ran out of gravy or cheese curds.Overall I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone due to the poor service and below average food.
2	Food was pretty awful. Cheese on the salad was processed slices, vegetables were dried out and browning. Completely unpleasant, although the staff were friendly and helpful.
1	Terrible service. Staff we're unfriendly, slow, and we had to ask several times for things like plates, forks, etc... Don't come here. Food was ok.
