2	I haven't returned here in a while, mostly because the place seems empty all the time, and a lot of complaints seem to be about service lacking and the quality of food having gone downhill. It's a shame, because when we tried this place shortly after they opened, it was pretty good. I may try it again sometime in the future, but it's not high on my list of food things to do...--As a side note to Groupon? Don't link to my damned reviews and quote me without my permission. Just because it's posted on Yelp, doesn't give you free reign to copy and paste my words elsewhere.
3	We went on a Friday night around 6pm. There were no other patrons there, but decided to give it a try based on a recommendation. The service was friendly.Ordered two dishes. Took awhile to get out, but they tasted pretty good.
2	It's never a good sign when you drive up to a business and the parking lot is empty. To be fair, it was 5:30 p.m. on Super Bowl Sunday, but still, this is an Indian/Pakistani restaurant, so you'd think the typical crowd might be more World Cup and less Big Game.It's an even worse sign when you see vinyl lettering on the window of an Indian restaurant that reads "Salon de Fiestas." And sure enough, walking into Saffron for the first time, it doesn't feel at all like a cozy Indian restaurant. It feels like a banquet room. Only two booths, the rest of the expansive room filled with round-top banquet tables, chairs covered in plastic, a little stage in the corner. And COMPLETELY EMPTY.An Indian restaurant should smell like, I dunno, Indian food when you walk in. This place didn't. It smelled like ... an old folks' home. Or something. Something not right. And it was dead quiet in there. Not even a TV or radio on.There was one person visibly working in the entire place, a middle-aged woman who was helpful enough but not very friendly. You think she'd be thrilled to see even one person, let alone a couple, walk in. Not so. She kind of just gestured toward whatever table we wanted, dropped off menus, and disappeared. Didn't ask us for drinks or anything.The menu was typical Indian fare, and prices were about average. We ordered some of our favorites -- veggie samosas, pakora, chicken tikka masala, aloo gobi, as well as some rice and two kinds of naan. At the same time, the host/server/whatever finally took our drink orders. Sadly, this joint doesn't serve alcohol. I hate it when I can't order a good Indian beer with my meal.It took a long time to get even our drinks (water and iced tea) out, which came with the appetizers. The samosas were OK. The pakora was weird. I'm used to pakora being similar to tempeh -- just vegetables dipped in batter and fried. These were more like spongy batter balls with diced veggies inside. Maybe they're more "authentic," I don't know, but they sucked.The entrees were solid. Nothing to write home (or, um, on Yelp) about, kind of weak-flavored, but decent. The naan was good enough. We had a Restaurant.com gift certificate to use, and when the lady first looked at it, she said, "That's not us." She said this because their logo didn't print, and she thought the "missing image" graphic was someone else's logo. I had to point out to her the NAME AND ADDRESS AND PHONE of her own business. She did eventually take the discount off our bill.Interestingly, at some point, a man and his child walked in during our meal, heartily greeted us, and I assume he is the owner or manager at least, which leads me to believe our host/server might have been his wife. Maybe she was grumpy that she had to work by herself while he was watching the Big Game or something. Had he been there when we first arrived, we might have felt better. But either way, we're never going back here, which is a shame, because it is literally walking distance from our house.
2	There's another review here which describes Saffron's interior as being more like a banquet hall than an Indian restaurant and I have to concur completely. When we arrived at around 8PM on a Saturday the large rectangular building was empty with the exception of two other pairs of customers at the round tables in the main part of the room. Down one side there are four half-booths, although only two of these appear to be available for customers, with one having a computer set up upon it and the other, outfitted with a pair of mismatched, padded office chairs appears to be used as a hangout for the proprietor's children when they aren't helping out with the restaurant.After being instructed by a small child to "just sit anywhere" we took one of the open booths and another child brought us our menus. The covers looked slightly grubby, like they could have used a wipe down and I noticed a large stain on the side of the booth next door to ours - it looked like someone had spilled a large glass of coke over the side of the table at one point and that it had been allowed to set before washing. Chairs and tables were covered with plastic to ward off such spillages and the plastic on top of our table felt like it could have been a little cleaner also, as could the salt and pepper shakers which felt a little grimy when we moved them.The restaurant is a bit odd and has a little raised section in the corner opposite the door and the 1970s disco ball in the middle of the room. The disco ball was just a mystery and I expected to see the four children from The Chronicles of Narnia file in and take their places in the four throne-like armchairs upon the curious dais at any moment. It was an unusual atmosphere.After a few minutes our host arrived with a jug of room temperature water with shrink wrap covering the top. He had collected this from one of the central tables which was home to a collection of such jugs. He seemed very friendly, however, and quickly accepted our restaurant.com certificate and enthusiastically took our order. In order to meet the $35 requirement we ordered Chicken Tikka Masala, Malai Kofta, Shahi Paneer, and a selection of Naan (two garlic, one sesame).Our host then presented us with some pappadums and the usual chutneys of tamarind and mint. The mint chutney had a nice kick to it and although the tamarind had an uncharacteristically odd "ketchupy taste" it mellowed into a pleasant aftertaste so it all worked out. We were cheerfully informed that we could ask for more pappadums if we liked and as the host departed I commented to my wife about how the friendliness and enthusiasm was enough to make me overlook some of the oddities of the place in my upcoming Yelp review.Despite the fact that there were very few others in the restaurant we didn't see any staff again for the forty or so minutes it took for our food to arrive. I wasn't bothered at all by the longer than average wait time and the food more than made up for it anyway. My Chicken Tikka Masala was a little milder than I am used to, however the very nutty and savoury Shahi Paneer was a perfect accompaniment. I found my garlic naan to be tasty without being amazing, but my wife found her sesame naan to be a little overcooked on the bottom. The Malai Kofta was somewhat different to other incarnations of this dish that I've experienced. The sauce tasted more like a onion/butter sauce than creamy, but was tasty, however the kofta themselves were dark, somewhat sharp in flavour and fell to pieces at the merest touch of an eating utensil. Overall though, the food was excellent and we couldn't wait to return and I expected to award the restaurant four stars with a disclaimer about the slightly odd vibe to the place and maybe a friendly suggestion that they wipe up a bit in my review.This is where things took a turn for the worse. A medium sized party had entered the restaurant and placed their orders just as I was enjoying the last bites of sauce-dipped naan and they also appeared to have a couple of take-out customers. Our host asked me how everything was to our enthusiastic responses and disappeared into the kitchen.I got my credit card out and politely sat at the table waiting to deal with my bill. Twenty minutes later we were still waiting. Ten minutes later I asked a child if they could ask someone to help us with our bill. Twenty minutes passed and a surly woman came out, but it was to deal with a takeout customer. The child still clutched our bill and restaurant.com certificate. Finally, after about an hour of waiting we were finally dealt with and could get out of there, lamenting that we could have driven across town to our home TWICE in the time we waited to pay for our meal.The food here is great, but being made to wait a full hour (no exaggeration) to pay, including 30 minutes after you TELL THEM you want to pay is just unacceptable, especially when there were at least three adult staff members and custom was slow.
1	I was here on a thursday evening and there were no other customers. The place smelled kind of funny too and it wasn't the smell of spices either. It's a large place but there were no servers; there was just the husband and wife (I think). The food itself was ok but the main dishes didn't come with rice or naan. We had to order the naan separately and it wasn't fresh at all. As a restaurent I think it's best to avoid but might work for being a takeout place.
3	We've eaten here a few times (private parties, etc) and the food is overall ok. I really like the Nehari. It tastes like it should, not bland, etc. Roti/naan is fresh but sometimes it feels like they don't use enough dough. It's like paper thin in the middle and like paper. Chole are also good as well as the kheer. The ambience of the restaurant is great. Nice setting, etc. Not a bad place to eat. You won't be blown away by the taste of the food but you won't be disappointed either.
1	As of 12th September this establishment is closed for good.Update September 27th.  Received a message from someone who runs saffron & they are saying its still open & asking me to  make sure my information is correct before I put it out for public.  The date that I mentioned above was the day we went to saffron during lunch time & found no cars parked in the parking area & the doors locked with a chain & a lock without any sign stating whether they are still in business or will be back or not. Hence my review of the place. Either way it seems like they are still open. I will not change my rating because of the fact that we drove away from the strip hoping to have lunch here & found it closed without any sign saying they will reopen or what so ever. Saffron we really wanted to give you a try in our 5 days stay in Vegas. But maybe next time.
1	I had a groupon sat down to order looked at how dirty the menus are, the owner watching a big OLD tv in the dinning room, Nobody in the place, looked kinda like they didnt have the money to maintain the place...Told my wife and Kids LETS GO!!!! If the dinning area looks this bad I can only guess what the kitchen looks like. NO THXs sorry but if you want customers you need to work on your place and put the Guy with the TV in the back out of site......P.S the food might be good, I just ran for my life before i tried it...
5	Love Indian food, but I'm fairly new to Pakistani so I decided to mix it up and order both at saffron. Appetizers were excellent, got the samosas which were cheap and unique as well as a kebob which was definitely Pakistani. The garlic naan had lots of garlic, which is what you're looking for in garlic naan. Dinner was the perfect amount of spice and they didn't skimp on the mango lasso or the rice. The owner was very proud of his desserts and he should be. An excellent mixture of tame and sweet cooled the pallet after a spicy meal. The kulfi was a bit like graham cracker ice-cream and the other dessert, can't remember the name but it was two cheese balls soaked in sweetened condensed milk (sounds wierd) tasted like a lime bread pudding.All in all, the food was above average. Meat was high quality, and everything had the right amount of spice. The reason I'm compelled to write this review is the service. Absolutely incredible. The owner took the time to interact with every customer. Really nice guy. Well be back for sure.
1	So upset! After buying a groupon we decided to finally give this place a try. Even after reading the reviews I took a leap of faith on this place. First off we drove 20 mins to get here to be ignored at the door when we entered that WE had to ask after standing there for 5 mins if we should just seat ourselves. An unpleasant lady said sit anywhere and tossed some menus on the table. Without an " I'll be right with you". We waited 15 mins without someone even bringing water to our table!! We got up and left. Now I know why I stick to my five favorite restaurants. If you want good Indian go to taj palace. That's where we're driving now where we know we'll get awesome food and great service.
2	The waitress was the daughter of the owner. Probably about twelve at most. Did an ok job I guess. But very unprofessional as she was in a sweatshirt. None of the tables we sat at were balanced and kept tilting. The food itself was barely decent. Tolerable but nothing to write home about. My friend went to the restroom and we almost left based off that so as you can guess not good. Many cleaner better food Indian restos here in Vegas.
1	I don't even know where to start. Maybe with the stained tablecloth? Or maybe with the decorations held up by masking tape? Oh, I know! How about the fact that we had to wait half an hour for our entrees! This place looks gross, inside and out, and the food I had was really superlatively awful. I love Indian food because it is so flavorful, and this completely failed to live up to expectations. I had the Samosas, which weren't TOO awful, and the Palak Paneer, which literally had almost no flavor at all. To add insult to injury everything was cold, we didn't get any rice (I guess you're supposed to buy it separately? Would have been nice to know...) and service took FOREVER which is totally understandable since there was ONE other table in the entire place.The only reason we went to this place was because we mistakenly bought a groupon that we thought was for the other Saffron that is closer to us, but if I had known what it was going to be like I would have just kissed the money for the groupon goodbye and NOT BOTHERED.
1	I may have had a worse experience at a restaurant than the one I had at Saffron, but if I did, I can't remember it.We had misgivings as soon as we saw the restaurant, with its empty parking lot in a neighborhood that wasn't very nice. However, since we had a Groupon that was about to expire, we went on in. The room was dimly lit enough that we couldn't see the stains on the tablecloths or chairs.We were amused when the (then) lone server tried to turn on the lights on the centerpiece on our table, only to discover that the batteries were dead. We also laughed at the decorations held up by masking tape. Less amusing and more annoying was the television set blasting Indian movies and music videos loudly from the corner. It was obviously a satellite broadcast, and at one point, there must have been satellite problems, as the picture and sound kept freezing. At no point did it seem to occur to the staff to turn it down until the problems went away.We ordered appetizers, sodas and entrees. Our appetizers took a little bit of time to come out, and we didn't get our drinks until our appetizers came. The appetizers were okay, but then came the long, long wait for our entrees. (I should point out that there was only one table occupied in the restaurant, so it's not like they were busy at all.) The food was bland and flavorless and cold, and didn't come with rice, which has been served with every other Indian meal I've ever had.Not only was the food bad and the service slow, nobody ever came to check on us to see how we were doing. Probably a self-defense measure to insulate the staff from complaints. We had to flag a pre-teen server down to get our check, and even then had to wait at least five minutes while another pre-teen totaled it up at the next table using a pocket calculator.It's worth pointing out that we were only there because we had a groupon about to expire. (A Groupon I had only purchased because I mistakenly thought it was for Saffron on Tenaya.) While we were there, two other parties came in, both because they had Groupons. I'm not surprised that they didn't have any customers there willing to pay full price, and we certainly won't be going back.
2	I was hoping for a 4 stars dining experience before we got there but let me say that after my visit, awarding them 3 is generous. Seriously.The interior has a classic indian restaurant aesthetic but it is obviously old qnd unkempt. The reviews for this establishment are a bit harsh but aren't too far off...considering the service. There may as well be none. We went on a slow weeknight and they still took forever to do just about everything. I feel bad bashing them because they did a few things right but I have to be honest. For one, the water tastes awful. I had about two sips before I realized I couldn't drink anymore. God only knows what the hell they put on there. The tables tilt and the chairs are practically falling apart. The condition of the place is pretty sad actually, but I remained as open minded as possible to review the food.The appetizers arrived about seventy minutes after we had ordered. A waitress continued to apologize for the delay while we politely said no big deal. The actual appetizer, a shami kabob was OK. It was a bit too dry and singed on one side. The chutney was a bit runny and had obviously been watered down. I ordered a "chai" tea to see if they could make some authentic spicy tea to satisfy my craving. They couldn't. It was god awful-- watered down plain lipton tea with a bit of dairy creamer in it. It did not taste the least bit like authentic chai tea should and it was lukewarm at best. The main courses were passable. The tandoori chicken was juicy and spicy enough to be enjoyed by my girlfriend and i. Sizzling onions always compliment this dish well. The seekh kabob was nothing impressive-- you'll have better luck at Kabob korner at Fremont street. The biriyani wasn't bad but I've had much better. At least it was loaded with a decent amount of meat. The Naan was right on but it's pretty hard to screw that up. The entire dining experience was fraught with delays and took over 2 and a half hours. Thank god we happened to have a groupon which made our grand total about $5....service charge included. Well worth the inconvenience for such a steal but I cannot in good conscience recommend this three ring circus of a restaurant at full price until they make some major improvements to service and quality.
1	FYI - This is a review exclusively for lunch, I have no clue what dinner is like, but here is my review for the lunch: This place is definitely more focused on their banquet hall that it's attached too than service for guests at lunch, we popped infor their "lunch buffet" which was basically a table with some banquet sterno heated trays with some mediocre indian/paki cuisine. service didn't exist and we had to ask for everything. The only reason I'm writing a review is to give the naan bread my thumbs up, but foreverything else, there are SO MANY other options available in the area, skip this place as a lunch option if you can, or pop in just for some naan.
1	We came here for my mom's birthday dinner using a Groupon deal. This place is by far the worst restaurant I've been to in my life. For sure the worst Indian restaurant I've encountered. The service was crazy slow to the point that it was nonexistent...literally. Everyone was serving themselves water. My family and I waited for 50 minutes before we got cups for water. Even then, we had to ask for it ourselves. Other tables had straws...we never got them. We never got refills either. Our appetizer was a frozen samosa that they fried up in 30 seconds. Ackkk. All their dishes were beyond horrible. I always order chicken tikka masala, I've tasted it at many locations, and here, it tasted just like tomato sauce straight from the can. Such a let down. The other dishes we ordered were also not swallowable. Normally, if we don't finish our food, we take it to-go. Not this food... It wasn't worth packing up for later if we couldn't even handle it "fresh" They also never brought out a meal that we had ordered, yet we had already paid for it through Groupon. When we asked about it, we were given attitude and told "We'll see if we have time to bring out your dish". We were not brought our bill and left in the end, after asking and waiting for it for 20 minutes. Such a huge let down. The service and food were both atrocious. Chaotic and not friendly, certainly no yummy food here. Avoid Saffron at all costs!!!
3	They're getting 2.5 stars from me. Here's why:Shahi Paneer is 5 star: Cheese in a sauce so divine that it defies descriptionBhindi Masala is 5 star: Fresh okra in vegetarian sauce, surprisingly spicySafffron Rice was 4 star: good with the above entrees.The service, decor and overall organization are lacking, as detailed in numerous Yelp reviews:1) I went to a Sunday $10 buffet. Was greeted by a teenager and told to seat myself. I chose a table in front by the buffet, next to a table with water in pitchers. The buffet food was still covered with saran wrap and warmer covers, so I sat and waited. The child who had walked with me to my table  told me I could begin. The food was still covered. I had arrived at 1230 and the buffet was supposed to start at 1200. I used the tongs from one of the dishes to remove the plastic wrap, I removed the lids and fixed my plate. Can't say what each dish was since nothing was labeled, figured out some by looking at menu. Almost everything I tried was very good. I asked for a glass with ice and refilled my own water during my meal. I left no tip since there was no real service. I was 1 of 3 diners: 1 worked there, 1 ran in and fixed a to-go box from the buffet. There was no naan.2) Went back with friends a week later for the Sunday Buffet. [They were "pre-warned" re: decor & service]. Boy, was I surprised that there was no buffet since the buffet warmer was broken. Menu ordering was offered. We were the lone diners. We left and went to Samurai [see review]3) Placed order to pick up.I ordered in person at the restaurant, on a week day. It was ready in no time:Shahi Paneer since I read about it on YelpBhindi Masala since I recognized description from what I enjoyed at Sunday buffetChicken curry since there was no lamb available in the restaurantSaffron rice with chicken, there was no lambEnough food for 4 meals.BOTTOM LINE: Order your food to go. Take it home and enjoy!This is a Mom & Pop operation. Mom & Pop better get it together since the food is delicious; much better than many other places in LV,
3	Its not fine dining, but its good. Their food tastes like a home cooked Indian meal. The owner and his wife are very kind. Everytime I go around 2pm-ish the wife does the cooking and serving, so service does take a little while. The biggest disappointment for me was the Palak Paneer- or spinach with paneer cheese. It was the worst thing I have had there. I like the chicken with the tomato cream sauce and rice, that was my favorite.
3	Food = 4 StarsService & Decor = 2 StarsLets start off with the good first. My wife and I ordered the shai paneer and chicken tandori. The paneer was very good and they give you a lot for the money. People are usually very stingy with the portions but it was more than enough. The masala sauce was fantastic as well. Her chicken tandori was extremely flavorful and moist. It was on the spicy side for me but it was still good. We also ordered a few nan bread and tried the masala tea and neither disappointed. Now for the bad....Let me say when we arrived at the place we weren't sure if we were at the right place since the sign said Saffron but right next to it it said Salon something. When we entered it looked like they were prepaing for a party or something which was weird and you can see spots of sauces on the table.I think it was a husband and wife running the place. The lady was very nice but the husband took our order and we never heard from him again. While we were eating it smelled like someone left the bathroom door opened and I'm pretty sure it wasn't curry. Also there were a few flies that really annoyed us as well.In all I think the food is pretty good but they really need to make it a little more appealing to customers. This is a good restaurant but I'm on the fence if we'll be back.
1	This place was absolutely HORRIBLE. We bought a groupon. The first two times we showed up during business hours there was a sign saying CLOSED.  We finally caught them when they were open on the 3rd try.  When we walked in we were not greeted for about 2-3 mins. There were ZERO people in the restaurant. The layout is more like a ballroom and not a restaurant. Finally someone appeared from the back. Didnt say a word but waved us to a table and dropped some menus.  7 mins later she came back and stood near the table and said "Hello". We decided this was our cue and we placed our complete order. She claimed the Groupon was worth less than the actual value. We just said whatever you think is fair. About 1 min later she returned with our drinks. Then we didnt see her again for 27 mins. In this time a man came in and out of the restaurant appeared to be installing computer software and printing equipment right in the middle of the restaurant. The appetizer then arrived it was a Prepackaged obviously microwaved appetizer that looked NOTHING like the photo in the menu. About 8 mins later our meal arrived(approx 35+ mins from seating to food). The food was delivered without a word spoken.   The meal was the only slightly brighter spot. The food was typical indian food and had standard flavors and typical size portions. The processing of the bill was incredibly painful struggle. This took 4 trips back and forth to the table and still the hand written check was not coherent. We were happy just to get out of there.  This place needs a lot of work.
1	The is by far the worst restaurant I have ever been to in my LIFE!! No service AT ALL and they let you wait forever!! I don't know why they are still in business if they are not even interested in serving the customers. There is only 1 miserable lady waitress who seems to be the lady boss and she couldn't care less. The place is not clean and most of the time you will get some kids to seat you. Go there once and you will know what I mean and I am sure you will not go back!
3	The food was good...the decor and atmosphere was depressing.  This place needs a makeover show stat!  I felt so bad for my server (we where the only people there) that I tipped her more then I should have.
1	Is it possible to give a place lower than a 1 star on Yelp ? Seriously, this place needs it.Located in an old strip mall on the east side of town, the outside actually looks nice, once you fight your way through the door it all seems to go down hill from there.As the only people in the place it was surprising to be ignored, a request for a table for 6 took us to a table for 4...Yep, this is how it would be....Now I should say, we have eaten here before, but my mother in law grabbed a groupon for the place so the choice was taken out of my hands.....Menus delivered, a whole two of them for the 6 people....Food and drinks ordered...then nothing, for 30 minutes we sat, nobody to check on drink refills etc.To the food. Descriptions taken from their menu :Veggie Pakoras, Mixed vegititables in a special batter. fried to a crispy brown, by which they mean a mixture of onions...I actually love Chicken Pakoras, the batter was ok, but seriously, if you are going to offer a mixture of vegetables, actually serve a mixture.Back to being ignored for another 20 minutes.Mixed Tandoori Combo,  Mixed Tandoori Combo seekh kabob,Chicken tikka boti,Chicken Tandoori (Two), actually not bad, the seekh kabob was probably the best thing I ate there.Chicken Handi, Pieces of chicken cooked in a butter flavored cream sauce, a not so good version of buttered chicken.Shrimp masala, not listed on the one line menu, but if you know Indian you can figure it out...Blah, pretty much blah.A couple of orders of plain nan and garlic nan, actually the second best thing behind the seekh.Meal finish, time to be ignored again...seriously do these people have no idea on how to run a restaurant ? If you leave the floor unattended for 20-30 minutes at a time, with the door jammed open, people will walk out, not pay bill, get fed up and leave...So with a little bit of work the food could be ok, the service..well there is none so it doesn't apply.If you're looking for a good Indian meal try Everest or India Masala.
2	Mediterranean/mexican fusion? When we first walked into this establishment we were shocked by the run-down decor. There were numerous holes in the walls, and just an overall tackiness that made this No one was there to welcome us into the restaurant. the lady began to walk us to a table a customer complained and she abandoned us, so we had to find our own table.When we began to place our order, the compact disc on the Kenwood stereo began to skip, so our order took a backseat to fixing the scratched CD playing. Ok, so this place stinks! No, literally, it smells like old camel ass.I guess all the "Ocean Breeze" Renuzits were there to camouflage the camel smell, but it didn't work. Trust me. Our water came without ice. The ice, upon demand, came out in a mini casserole dish with a pair of ice tongs. As we looked around the room at the other customers' tables we realized that maybe bottled water was the way to go. Perhaps the leftover bottle caps on our table should have been an indication.oh, did I mention that the leopard printed table cloth was hiding an uneven table that tilted when we put our drinks upon it? The leopard table cloth was the top layer of 5 different table covers. There were several plastic table covers nunderneath the leopard cloth that had stains and old, crusted food upon them.Anyway, the surprise came when the food arrived. It was surprisingly delicious! The "kabob" appetizer actually came in the form of a wrap with lots of fresh veggies and tender chicken. Who knew? Also, the chicken makhani was delicious. We had to order the basmati rice and an order of garlic naan a la carte. Oh, did I mention that they also do quinceneras? Egad!
