5	Recently had a broken water heater that flooded the house because of improper slope to garage floor by builder. The water ran in to the guest room and beyond instead of flowing out the front of the garage. Beware! Our insurance company engaged the services of this company, they came and surveyed the damage immediately, and then scheduled the appropriate contractors to replace insulation, replace drywall, paint, clean and sanitize the carpet, etc. Instead of me as an individual having to get the appropriate sub-contractors, everything was handled by DC Restoration in a pleasant and professional manner. Brandon Cluff was assigned to us as the project coordinator and he gets an A++ for his knowledge, skill, and customer relations. All items were handled in a very short period of time and to best workmanship standards.
5	I cannot write enough positive things about DC Restoration.  When our new house burned down days before we were to move in, several people- from the fire investigator to the insurance company to friends recommended DC Restoration.   They gave us a detailed timeline (and have stuck to it religiously) and we have weekly meeting to walk through the house and discuss the progress and renovations.  We work with Derec Bradshaw and Brandon Cluff and trust them implicitly.  They are honest, fair, kind and ON TOP OF IT!
1	Buyer Beware! This company was contracted by the insureance company to cover a flooded basement.  The ground level house was boarded off (hard screwed to walls to build a new wall) to avoid contractor traffic upstairs.  The contractor expressed dissatisfaction with the fact it was walled off.  At a later time, the contractor broke in to the upstairs to measure carpet and never requested access.  In the process, they destoyed a dry walled wall and knocked wall decorations to the groud as they demoed the temporay wall.  They claim to have called and got no answer, however they left no messages.  This company is a horrible contractor with poor ethics.  Do not let them anywhere near your home.  They deserve 0 stars but the system forced me to 1.
1	If there was an option to give this company negative stars, I would gladly do so. The owner of this company should message me directly so I can let them know about the horrible service we are and have had with them. Avoid using this company. They were contracted by our insurance company from the horrible storms from September and they have been horrible at communicating, billing, scheduling, estimators are not friendly. Their sister company Damage Control deserves high ratings, while DC Restoration does not.
