2	Agreed that it's a great location, but HORRIBLE property management.  The maintenance service is prompt and well-done, but other than that not a good place to live.  There is a required $30/mo valet trash removal fee, whether or not you wish to use it.  I said I could bring my own trash to the trash chute but they said I still have to pay the $30.  The general feel of the management staff is also very fake.  They are friendly when giving you tours of the apartment and when you are paying them, but as soon as something goes wrong or there is a dispute they become cold and unnegotiating.  I understand that they are trying to make money, but it seems like that is their only purpose, they have no goals to try to make the "community" feel like a home.
1	How I wish I never moved here.  The ONLY positive about this rental is the location, even with that it's not worth it to live here.  Even that doesn't hold because The Circle, The Milenium and a couple more rental complexes have been built.  They are newer, close to Uptown and (hopefully) managed a LOT better.I would not trust the management for a moment.  I see why there are moving trucks blocking the garage every weekend.  There's no incentive (like not getting your rent hiked or living in a safe community) to stay and the management gets more suckers (like me) to move in when residents finally end their leases.I would completely agree with another reviewer:"They are friendly when giving you tours of the apartment and when you are paying them, but as soon as something goes wrong or there is a dispute they become cold and unnegotiating.  I understand that they are trying to make money, but it seems like that is their only purpose, they have no goals to try to make the "community" feel like a home."The maxim 'you get what you pay for' is also not true:  You pay far more than what the apartment is worth (headaches and worries included with mandatory cable and trash charges).  Lastly, it is not safe, even your own apartment.  The 'security' doors leading from Tryon and from the garage are broken more often than not.  I came home once from getting coffee and found four men (none of whom were from Camden) in my apartment doing a 'repair'.  That is completely unacceptable.  I can't wait for lease to end.  I wish I had recourse but I signed a lease and let them walk all over me.  Don't do the same.
2	I wish there was a way to put 2.5 stars, cause that's what I'm feeling.There is good and bad to everything but especially to this apartment complex.  I'll start with the good -* the location is awesome, I can walk to work everyday if I want or take the free trolley or light rail* South End itself is a cool little neighborhood, there's a bunch of cute little shops and restaurants to check out* The apartment interior is nice and pretty quiet* You can pay your rent online/submit a maintenance request/apply all from your computer* The pool and gym are nice features as well as the "gated" parkingThe Bad:* We moved from Boston in September to a first floor apartment (that was dumb on our part) within 2 weeks someone broke in and stole our flatscreen tv, laptop, digital camera, ps3 and nearly every other piece of expensive electronic stuff we had - thank god for renter's insurance!* the management was willing to waive our "transfer fee" to move to another apartment in the complex but wanted to charge us MORE rent for a smaller apt, after a few days of aruging we were able to keep our rate but for a slightly smaller place on the 2nd floor* you have to pay $30 per month for someone to pick up your garbage, this is non negotiable* after staying for a year lease, if we decide to rent for another year there is no incentive and our rent would be almost $400 more expensive per month because the rent is based on the "market rate"All in all, it's not a bad place but it's become WAY overpriced in the last 6 months and in all reality isn't all that safe.  The location is wonderful and our 2nd floor apartment has been great, I don't think I would stay for more than a year though...
1	If I could leave ZERO stars for this property, I definitely would. The management is absolutely HORRIBLE. Not only was my rent raised 500% after my lease term, but my apt received no upgrades whatsoever. The carpet is the cheapest, most disgusting stuff you'd ever see in your life and they can't even change it. Mind you, I've already lived here 15 months and the it wasn't ever changed or cleaned before I moved in. The random fees are absolutely ridiculous as well. If they ever have to communicate they don't even call you; instead they will hide behind an email and take over 24 hours to respon while dodging your calls. The one and only saving grace is the location. The mosaic apts and the circle are right next door, cheaper, an much nicer.Do not move here!
1	* Be Warned: You could find yourself charged over twice what you agreed to pay in rent.  Management is trying to force me to pay $1600 dollars "more" for my apartment than what I initially agreed to.Do not rent an apartment in this building.  Are there some good things?  Yes.  The location is pretty good and the amenities are ok.  However, there's a lot not to like.  Other tenants can be extremely inconsiderate.  We've had instances of tenants sneaking into the pool area and making loud noise after 2:30 AM.But that isn't the worst of it.  Be warned that the complex requires a "60 day" written notice of your intention to vacate the apartment at the end of your lease.  I was unaware of this 60 day advance notice requirement.  When I told the building management over a month in advance that I intended to vacate, they indicated that they would use their option under the lease to extend my tenancy for a period of 21 days.  During that period of 21 days, they intend to charge me $2,960 / month.  The rent that I agreed to at the time of my lease was $1330.  Now they want almost $3k a month.The lease is extremely unethical and not typical of what you see in other buildings.  The management, much to my surprise, will apparently do anything, however unprincipled, to squeeze more dollars out of their tenants.I strongly encourage you to avoid this building and the management's unscrupulous business practices.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I have detailed e-mails to support the above critical review.
1	Don't be fooled and judge a book by its cover. Sure they look lovely with the granite and pretty courtyard, pool... a lil fancy maybe. Renters should be able to test drive apts before renting. This place is built so poorly that you can hear everything upstairs and downstairs - floor to ceiling. For about $1250 a month, its ridiculous to live like a college student.  Camden will force you to pay for cable (even if you don't want it) and valet trash --- when there is a trash shoot in every hall!I rented for a few months and got out of my lease because I couldn't sleep though the night anymore. I would never rent from a Camden again. Honestly, I would never live in an apt complex again. Look for private rentals.. better pricing and more peaceful.This place is good if you are right out of college and live a party lifestyle & care less about noise.
1	Be prepared to be shaken down by the infamous tow truck driver (white truck) who is definitely in cahoots with someone in management.  Don't leave your car parked in the garage at night even to unload groceries for a few minutes.  We had a great run in while unloading groceries and even though we had a parking pass.  Guy wanted money to not tow the car just because we were unloading heavy items for 10 mins.  The dude eventually backed down, but got really heated and intense.  He's out every night (gotta make the quota) preying on so many others, what a shame.   I wonder what the buildings cut is?  Had a corporate studio apartment that was just OK, but for the price there are definitely better options close by.  The building is in OK shape and is in a great location for downtown Charlotte and is the only reason I gave this one star.  The pool brings out shady folks at night and the gym is basically worthless equipment wise.  The people in the building are a mix of young and professional folks as well as no kids.  The building alarm tends to go off for nothing every few weeks and is quite annoying since you need to evacuate and wait for the fire department to give the OK.Overall there are much better options so definitely a stay away
1	Where should I begin?  I lived here for 2 and 1/2 years, and I am so relieved to be out of there.  For the most part, I was a single guy and was not bothered by much, but there was always something going on that was unacceptable that required me to go out of my way to remedy. The first issue I encountered was the valet trash service, that you must pay for, was not being picked up.  I had a corner apartment and my door was around the corner from the others, so I guess the service decided not to look around the corner.  I had to ask management a few times to have it handled, and I ended up putting my trash around the corner for them if I wanted it picked up. Seriously, I was fine taking the trash out myself, but since a fee for it is included in the rent, they should at least do it.  Parking was a nightmare.  The first year I lived there, I was on the ground floor on the corner and it was always a gamble if I would have a space on the same floor.  My good friend was towed from the "guest" parking in the front of the garage, which was ok for guests to park in the first year, but they changed it kinda sneaky like and I had to pay to get my friend's car back.  Next up was my girlfriend.  She parked next to my car with my guest pass on her mirror for 8 months with no problem.  And this was on the 4th floor which rarely had any congestion issues.  After 8 months of no trouble, we were on our way out of town for Thanksgiving and guess what?  Her car was nowhere to be found.  They towed it, I payed again.  I did not like entering or exiting the garage in my car ever really, as it was always a cluster with other cars coming and going and all types of jacks parked on the street outside of the garage:  anyone from moving trucks, work trucks, and fun people that liked to park with their hazards on just for the fun of it.  Great parking!Delivery of packages is very interesting. Management will send you an email if you have a package, but that is because most of the time, the delivery service will not even attempt to deliver to your door, they simply take it to the office.  I guess it is only convenient to have packages sent to someone other than who it is addressed.  I found it more of a hassle to find out if I was receiving a package.  I had one peculiar experience with the maintenance guys where they entered my apartment without any notice while I was away, they moved all of my property from the kitchen counter onto the kitchen island, and left it there.  No notice of this activity, and no respect for my property and left it where they moved it.  Granted this was after I had given my notice to move out, but the lack of respect was extraordinary.  I can only guess that the management is responsible for most of the issues.  I was content with the location of the apartment complex, especially when I worked in the uptown area, but after I started to work from home last year, it was just ridiculous.  I had noise complaints against me for playing music too loud at 4:00 pm in the afternoon on Friday?  I am 33 years old, have a degree, and am in a serious relationship; I do not entertain like a 23 year old and blast music at 2-3 in the morning, but complaining at 4 in the afternoon?  Get outta there and find a different place to rest your head.
1	I forgot to mention the event of road side construction starting at 11:30pm and lasting until at least 5-6 in the morning right outside my window.  I know because I was leaving for vacation in the morning around 6, and they were still tearing up the pavement when I left.  It was a non stop barrage of pavement grinding and drilling and large truck back up beeping, the entire night....I did not sleep very much, boarded a plane for California, picked up my friends when we got there, drove until at least 2am California time, ended the night in CA being up for about 24 or so hours.   I really enjoyed the late night road fixing that had to be happening outside my window.
2	I cannot express enough how awful my experience at Camden South End was. 1. Parking: parking is across the street from half the complex. This may not seem like a big deal unless you drive frequently and realize you have to go from the 1st, 2nd or4th floor to the third floor to cross the bridge connecting the complex to the parking garage, then up however many floors your car may be. If you don't pay a premium to reserve a spot, you could be up as high as 6 floors up. If you live in the building attached to the garage it's not so bad.2. Paper thin everything. I can hear the person above me talking on the phone and when it vibrates on his bed side table (which is probably directly above mine since we have the same floor plan.) it's lovely to fall asleep to...3. Non-negotiable $30 a month valet trash fee and $54 in cable. $84 down the drain already if you don't have roommates. 4. There are just so many better places in South End and more flying up every few months. Sure it's cool being by All American Pub and the light rail, but .5 miles south (South End) or to the east (Dilworth) you get much nicer real estate. 5. Construction: the property itself is getting an extensive makeover and the apartments facing the light rail have exposure to a new complex going up. Construction has been going on 6 months and I haven't even seen a wall go up yet, so this is a pretty long going deal.I don't recommend this complex.
