3	We'd stayed at the SpringHill Suites in Plano, Texas and loved it, so were very much looking forward to staying at another one. Add to the name recognition the fact that they accepted our Marriott points, and were "so close to the {University of Phoenix} Stadium you could throw a rock and hit it", and it sounded like a winner. Well, almost.This place was a BITCH to find because (1) the facility is too new to appear on maps and didn't show up on the GPS and (2) we took the staff's statements literally. Not one, not two, but THREE employees had told me on the phone, prior to my booking the reservation, that this place was "right across the parking lot from the Stadium". They said that a car was optional; that the walking distance was very close, and you could see the stadium from the hotel. So, upon locating the Stadium, (it's huge and hard to miss), we drove in circles, trying to spot this elusive hotel. We called, and told them that we'd been told it was right across from the Stadium parking lot. "Yeah, we're right here." Huh? We kept circling the frickin place, wondering if this SH was invisible. Called again, and were told enough to get us there, but it turned out to be nowhere near the Stadium. The only hotel near the Stadium was the Renaissance, followed by the Hampton. Obviously we were really ticked off at being misled on the location. WTF is wrong with those people? Can they not judge distance? Are they looking through binoculars? Come on. Yes, technically it's walking distance, but a long one. Not comfortably walkable if you have any health issues, are not in athletic footwear, nor have the energy after many hours in the stadium. Certainly NOT "right across the parking lot."  It's not even in the nearest shopping center to the Stadium. Thank goodness we had a rental car and had not depended on walking, which we'd briefly considered based on the information we'd been given!If this is the line they're supposed to give out-of-towners who are there to go to the Stadium, it's dead wrong and should be changed. On to the hotel itself...The building is new, and it shows. Everything's beautiful, especially the courtyard, which is shared with Residence Inn. There's a big fountain which provided great photo ops. Very pretty. The gentleman who checked us in even obliged us some picture-taking so we could get in the shot with our friends. Cool! The room itself had a wonderful layout. The living/office area was semi-walled off from the sleeping area, so someone could go to bed and not be disturbed by someone staying up. The bathroom was totally decent, with an added feature of a built-in shelf raised off the counter so I could set toiletries and hair/makeup tools out without being cramped. Great idea! The tub was very shallow, and the granite installation was clearly cheap. Would rather have an acrylic surround done properly than look at ugly cracks. But, whatever. There was a flat TV sitting on the dresser that could be angled to view either from bed or from the desk/chairs -- nice touch. The pool was an impressive size (but we didn't use it -- too cold at the 7 a.m. hour), as was the hot tub. Unfortunately the hot tub suffered from misfiring jets. All they did was make a mess. I think it's got to be a Marriott affliction, because the Residence we stayed in earlier this year had the same problem to a much worse degree. Get a real contractor to build those things, I know they're out there! No excuse. It was also so over-chlorinated that our eyes stung and noses wrinkled just to get near it. SUCH a waste of time, even though we only spent about a minute in there. We never saw anyone else use the hot tub or pool in three days.The buffet breakfast was well-stocked and things were cooked well. The only omission? Potatoes. They had cereals, pastries, bread, yogurt, milk, juices, coffee, tea, cocoa, ready-made cheese/egg omelettes, eggs, sausage patties, English muffins, fruit, and an employee on hand to help. We were overall quite satisfied with the breakfast. The beds were really comfortable, with lots of great pillows. It's nice to stay in a facility that's so new, it hasn't had a chance to get gross yet! The toilet paper was cheap and scratchy, but I'm used to that at Marriotts, so I brought our own. The hair conditioner in the room was half used. When we called for more, it was brought to us no problem.Can't imagine that we'd stay here again, as we had a pretty singular reason to need to be so close to the Stadium, but we'd recommend it to others with the warning not to believe anyone who says it's right across the parking lot from the Stadium. If you're not parking at the Stadium, be prepared for a walk. Considering how exhausted I was after the show, there's NO WAY I could have handled a walk like that.
4	This is a really nice property and I'm not just saying that because I'm a Platinum Elite with Marriott. They really don't have a whole lot of opportunity to upgrade to bigger rooms with the SpringHill properties. It's not like they have a double or a patio room, or at least if they do, I've never seen it.Easy access from the highway, good parking, very friendly check-in clerk. The room was quiet enough. I could hear the people on both sides of me, but that was not because the room wasn't well insulated. These idiots were just really &$#(* loud!The room includes a nice work desk, a kitchenette area, large screen TV, microwave, coffee maker and all the usual bathroom amenities that Marriott typically offers. Free wifi was easy to access.The hotel is within walking distance of a few nice restaurants and the Westgate Center is barely a half mile of well lit sidewalks.If I'm ever in Glendale again, I'd absolutely stay here!
2	This hotel is not within walking distance of ANYTHING... unless you like to walk 1/2 mile each way.  There is no restaurant on site.  The pool is outside (which I like) and is shared with other hotels (which I do not!).  This is part of a cluster of hotels.  When I arrived I was given a bottle of water, chocolates, and offered a rewards card!  BTW, the rewards card only gets points if you book directly (no Expedia, etc.) so I probably won't use it.  The room (they only have suites) was very nice!  2 beds (a waste for just me), a sitting area, separate wet bar area (no alcohol), separate sink area from bath, and a walk in closet.  The room is large!The TV is the satellite TV found in many hotels and I have never liked this!  Movies are 4.99-14.99, which is exorbitant.  The most annoying is that there is no TV guide channel.  This happens too often!  People travelling may not know the local schedules and, using satellite, makes researching schedules near impossible!  Finally, there are no vending machines (the machines next to the ice machines were removed) so refreshments must be bought at the front desk.  While the selection was wider this way, the wait to purchase and price were increased.  Lastly, the exercise room is 24 hours!  That is a rare but appreciated offering.Improvements: make a few smaller rooms (4-6 per floor) to make more money and save space, connect with a developer for a restaurant and service station, offer HDMI cord rental so patrons can use their phone to stream to the TV, offer a TV guide or offer a website with local programming (better yet, use cable), if you are going to provide a wet bar there should be an alcohol mini bar, insert vending machines in addition to the front desk offerings.  Also, DO NOT share pools!  Space is competitive enough at 1 hotel.
4	We recently stayed at this hotel while we were in town to see the Devils play the Coyotes. Make sure you bring your walking shoes because the arena (and shopping areas) are a good 15 minute walk away.  Unfortunately, they do not offer free shuttle service like the Springhill Suites in Downtown Denver that we had just left prior to staying here.The amenities at the hotel are all pretty good. Nice heated outdoor pool/hot tub with an adjacent fire pit.  The fitness center is ok. The cardio machines are a little dated and they have no weight machines, just free weights.  They do offer a complimentary breakfast daily which was good. Typical setup with pastries, fruit, pans of eggs and a meat serving of some type but they did have fresh waffle making machines that were a hit.The rooms were spacious and well laid out.  Nice kitchen area/living room that is separated from the bedroom area by a large enough wall that one doesn't intrude on the other.  The bathroom has the common hotel setup where the toilet/shower are separate from the sink area which makes it easier for multiple people to get ready at the same time. Just wish they would have had installed shampoo/conditioner/soap dispensers in the shower, like many hotels now do considering the TSA travel restrictions, instead of providing tiny bottles of products.All of the staff members we encountered during our stay were very helpful and a pleasure to deal with.  Our group had a late afternoon shuttle pickup and the hotel was nice enough to allow our entire group to check out late so we could comfortably use their entire property throughout the day.
1	They charged us $250 for someone smoking next door to us.  Beware of them because they will screw you as well.
5	Excellent hotel. I'm staying here for work and I'm very impressed with my room size, hotel breakfast is great, the beds are AMAZING!!! Would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a better hotel to stay in. Within walking distance to Westgate and the outlet mall.
5	Great hotel; great staff, etc., but would rather not deal with the shared Residence hotel for "amenities." But... Can't beat the price & location.
