5	Ha! Ok, so it's not open yet! But it does look AWESOME (due to the fact that I like the "rustic charm" of old walls!) and I am very excited to see it as it gets a lick of paint/pva, brew bar & seating areas installed... Plus or minus a few walls here & there! Very exciting project, very exciting indeed!
5	YES. Go here.Finally, an artisan coffee shop in Edinburgh that serves up SERIOUSLY GOOD coffee without taking itself too seriously. Just had the pleasure of visiting Brew Lab on its opening day; here are my thoughts:Whether you're a coffee enthusiast or just your run-of-the-mill caffeine addict, Brew Lab - with its brilliant periodic table style menu and unique brewing vessels - invites you to try new ways of drinking the beloved beverage. Filtered coffee, infused coffee or espresso from one of the three Slayer machines in the UK - you can try it all. Situated on the quiet, yet quite central, South College Street, Brew Lab offers a welcoming mix of modern design (i.e. the iPad till) and rustic comfort. It definitely feels like the type of coffee shop you could spend all day in. Loved it!
5	Holy coffee bean batman, I've found my new crack.Seriously. I mean...what just happened to my mouth? To my tastebuds? Before I even took a sip of my Guji Natural Clever coffee, I could smell sweetness and chocolate and fruit. It was dark red, without milk (I had specifically asked for a coffee that was fruity and wouldn't need milk). And then how it tasted. Oh, how it tasted. I swear unicorns and angels descended from the ceiling to a fanfare, and sunlight broke from the grey September sky, streaming through the window. I can't even begin to describe the taste, so I won't. But let's just say this was coffee like no other I've ever tasted. Fruity, yep, but it didn't linger and leave any bitter aftertaste at all. And it's oh-so-drinkable.Definitely my new crack. I'll be having at least two a day methinks.The coffee bar itself is new but not necesarily shiny. It's got a rough-around-the-edges feel inside. Bare brick walls, floor boards with tape on them. The inside structure of the building has been kept, with empty window spaces as a see-through to the bar. There are a whole array of seating: a bench work stop, comfy leather arm chairs, a long table down the middle, two big couches, and lots of tables up the back. I think they can fit around 70 folk in here, but it's kept as smaller rooms so it feels intimate and cosy.The coffee bar itself is a stark contrast to the drinking area. A clean cut, smoothed granite block with 'The Slayer' taking pride of place. It's called Brew Lab for a reason - it's a scientific experiment ground for all things coffee. From the Periodic Table menu on the wall, to the electronic scales built into the bar, that can also measure the precise temperature of the water, and the coffee making equipment itself (ranging from the usual espressos, flat whites and cappuccinos from The Slayer) to V60s and Clevers, it's like Einstein and The Slayer had an affair and Brew lab is the beautiful love child.Not to mention the fact they stock Love Crumbs cakes, and Union of Genius soup and salads. I had the chorizo, chick pea and new potato salad and oh my. That was some salad. It was mainly lots of chickpeas and chorizo, with a bit of lettuce. A feast. Just a warning to the guys at Brew Lab: I now live here. You have free wifi, you have potentially the best coffee I've tasted (on a tie with one other place), you have delicious, healthy lunch options and a whole host of cakes, you have loads of room. And because you're so damned cool, all the coolest folk in Edinburgh keep coming here so since I've been here, I've seen 4 friendly faces. It's like the new gathering spot of all of my favourite people in Edinburgh.One last thing: Brew Lab, thank you.
5	I didn't write my review for a few days as I wanted to let my body decide and I must say I'm craving a return visit. I was in there on Sunday, their opening day, where I had a "clever dripped" coffee and a flat white. The Clever Dripped ethiopian blend was pretty marvellous, served without milk, and it actually reminded me of a sweet, but bitter, herbal tea, however it still had some stonking great coffee taste. Inside the decor is rough and stripped back to the bare features of the building. I really liked this, although I imagine some might find it a bit meh. There were tables aplenty, loads of sockets, wifi, armchairs, sofas, and a bin from the Royal Mile.I didn't have food so will come back to report on that, however the flat white I had hit the spot too. The staff were chilled out, the equipment space age, and the coffee excellent. I think that this might become a regular hangout for me and not just because it's next to my office.Look forward to trying more coffee and updating this in the next few weeks!
3	Man Alive. Yahs.This place is going to be swarming with them. Sitting next to me, on my cafeteria-style bench, whilst I am sitting in what kinda looks like a worksite. Having very in-depth discussions on the socio-economical implications of temporarily emigrating to a haggis-eating country to further one's education whilst the parental unit, often referred to as Daddy, financially funds one to occasionally enjoy a little retail therapy at Jack Wills. This is the vibe.This ain't my vibe.I arrived with high expectations that the coffee would be amazing, phenomenal, blow my mind, pick me up off of the floor and plant a big grin on my face-kind of coffee. It was good. Just good. Maybe my problem is I have already found 'MY' coffee places, that are pretty near here, and I love them a little too much and that Brewlab just never had a hope. BUT I would say definitely go. Give it a try, they are doing something pretty different to what is on offer in this area and they do have periodic table style coffee plaques - They will always be awesome.
5	Flat white, clever dripper, V60, Cappuccino and an almond croissant down  over the last week and I am still very much incredibly happy with the coffee here.One of my Cappuccino's could have been a tiny bit warmer (I know I know it shouldn't be HOT but it could have just had a touch more warmth to it) as that was my preference, however it was still delicious. I am constantly surprised at the new flavours I'm tasting in the coffee here. The foam is like a tasty desert in itself. Dip an almond croissant (huge by the way) into the foam and just ..... mmmuuuuurrrrrrrrrrghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh sooooogooooooooood
5	Unlike any other coffee shop in Edinburgh, providing a unique, exciting, high quality and very different experience. Love the look, love the staff, the food looked great and the drinks were lovely. Very cool, very interesting and worth a visit. Yay!
5	Alright,So I've been to Brew Lab a few times, and now I have a solid conclusion about this place. My conclusion is: I love it here! I'll tell you why. 1. It has many plugs for laptops, and strong wifi. I can spend lots of time working here on my computer and not feel pressured to leave! This brings in a good atmosphere, I can come in here to chill out. 2. As Napoleon Dynamite says: "Chicks only dig guys with skillz". Well.. these guys have skillz, coffee making skillz. You can tell they are passionate about what they do, everyone is really approachable and happy. The staff can bring a good or bad atmosphere to a place, and I think in the case of Brew lab, theres definitely happy times all around. 3. The food is delicious. These guys just bring in the people who can do it right. Example: Union of Genius for soups and salads. I get so excited when I hear bout the specials of the day. Everything has been excellent so far, and the bread always fresh! 4. The decor is different! Or, well lack-of. The look of the place is really interesting, and the bathrooms are CLEAN. That's always a big one in Edinburgh. It's hard to find a decent bathroom!!! 5. The loyalty card. I don't have one yet, but I heard it's awesome. There's different tiers for the loyalty card, so instead of just getting a free coffee when you've purchased 10, you can get another card that gives better rewards. For example, free coffee for you and a friend!  Anyways, I'm pretty much becoming a regular here. I really enjoy it, and if you're a coffee lover I recommend stopping by.
3	I was really excited after reading over the past year what these guys were planing and boy the place is pretty cool. Very cool in fact that its become a bit of a 'ya I love your new Jack Willis outfit' club house - and not to mention you couldn't swing a cat with out hitting a mac book - says she that's currently writing this on one! I have been in a couple of times now and each time I have had a different experience. Nether bad or amazing just somewhere in the middle.. The first visit I had a flatwhite, it was just ok. The milk was the perfect temp but nothing in the flavor of the coffee grabbed me. It was just rather plain. I have been to other places in the UK where I'v had simmer experiences and others where you just want to drink it all in one go and your left with such an amazing after taste that it makes you order another - even though you really don't need another! I'm not blaming the barista I think it just might be the blend.. I don't know to much about Workshop coffee so I really can't compare it to something I'v had from them in the past. But the price for said flatwhite wasn't worth it but I would be happy to pay that if the coffee left me wanting more.The second coffee I had was a Long Black and again it was ok-ish but this time it was really sharp and the crema was really light in color - this time I think it was the Barista..I also had a Chemex of the Ethiopian - which did blow my socks off! There's nothing better then an Ethiopian made right in a Chemex. - the guy on the brew bar really knew what he was talking about!  I think its still finding its feet with the espresso but you can only learn from your mistakes and the best way to learn is to be open to customer feedback. So see you soon!Oh and guys the teaspoons.. you have done such an amazing job with the design and I love the floor but the teaspoons..
5	Coffee and LaptopsNoise ebbing and flowing freeRefreshing and Warm
4	Yeah! This place is unique and original. It looks like a 5 star building construction site with water pipes gently hanging out of the walls, concrete artistically hammered off the wall to perfection and colourful electric cables sticking out right next to you as your visit goes by. If you imagine this surrounding and then you add bran new wooden floors with colour full wooden pieces attached, together as a puzzle, relaxing lights and alternative chill out lounge music gently massaging your eardrums....Original or what?! And amazingly the place looks clean, tidy and every bit constructed with super passion. Now anyone interested in design and architecture would love this place, even if perfect as it is, it leaves so much space for the imagination of 'what would I do with this space'. Open, relaxing, peaceful even when busy, great, I don't like mouth reading and figuring out 50 different ways of saying ' pardon, do you mind to repeat that'.They are also really great on coffees with many options including "glass filter coffee" , not to strong, subtle and aromatic with different options to try, though apparently more caffeinated then an espresso [for us caffeine junkies]. I had a baguette with italian salami, goat cheese and salad that was good, not amazing but good, and they have different salads, vegetable salads, soups and healthy healthy lentil salads that seem mouth watering. I indeedly very much, for sure like this place and will make it one of my regular places for coffee and lunch.
5	This is an excellent addition to the Edinburgh landscape. Both style and substance from the "demolition chic" interior to the unpretentious food on offer, although not too overboard, I would be happy to take my mum in for wee treat. I heartily recommend this place.
4	Now, wait, wait a minute, don't just go stomping off just because I didn't give this lovely establishment 5 stars off the top of my head. There's a reason for it, I promise.First off, let me tell you that the sandwiches are absolutely delicious, I've tried them several times now, and yes, they're a little on the expensive side, BUT they are also of the GET IN MAH BELLAY now variety. Which is always a good thing. I like the plays of flavours and approve of the semi-healthiness of the selection (plenty of ruccola on them, my favourite, jummy).I like the decor, even with the hipsters (there's not too much of it to scare off the lit-students, or wait, are we the hipsters?). The coffee, .. I may have caught them on a bad day, all three times I've gone. That is perfectly possible, but I have to be honest. Both me and my girly coffee-date agreed that the coffee was burnt and tasted terribly bitter. Either the machine hadn't been cleaned properly, or the coffee was very over-extracted. Either way, ... look guys, I hate to say it, but they'll have to take a course with Artisan Roast and see how to make a proper coffee. By no means am I saying it's terrible, it's just not a well-made latte, espresso or flat white. The filter coffee could be different, I have no idea as I won't touch the stuff and could be very good as everyone seems to think![Edit]I have since been back to Brew Lab, who can resist their sandwiches, not me, and had a better coffee. The latte I had was not over-extracted, nor did it taste burnt. Was it the best coffee I've ever had? Nope. Did it do the trick and was it better than *shiver* Starbucks? Oh, easily. I think things are moving on up people! One extra star for you!Brew Lab's on the way to good things, just, send your baristas to Artisan for a coffee-training, please?
5	Initially thought this might be a wee bit pretentious yet it manages to create a very welcoming feel - a perfect mix of laid back shabby chic and a commitment to delivering high quality produce.The coffee is great.  Its not the gallon buckets on offer in some high street places - it's a proper coffee cup.... with proper coffee inside. The food is good value, delicious wholesome baguettes - the kind that threaten to break your teeth - with good fillings and everything super fresh.Seating offers loads of space to spread out the Saturday papers and despite the open plan design and a less that tropical weather front moving in outside, it was lovely and warm when we popped in.I'm coming back to eat all the cakes. Soon.
3	After my first visit here, I started to think about Marmite...you know they say you either love it , or hate it? Well,  I'm not so sure its as clear cut as that. It depends on what mood you're in, what flavours you're after and whether you actually just want cheese on your toast instead!I'm sort of thinking Brew Lab might be a little bit like Marmite for me!We were here on a Tuesday lunchtime, and the place was jammed packed, mostly with students, mostly with laptops, and mostly taking up space when we actually wanted to sit down and eat. Now, I understand the attraction for students, close to the university, free WiFi, good coffee, but I wonder if this will actually alienate all the folk who would provide Brew Lab with business at weekends and during the holidays. I have to admit, I'd be reluctant to come back here for lunch, if I knew I'd have to faff about waiting on the students heading to class so I could sit and get a table to eat. After loitering with intent, we managed to procure a table and got comfy.Lunch was an extremely tasty sourdough sandwich (from an excellent selection!), and a HUGE slice of parsnip & ginger cake, which was moist and delicious. The menu was varied, interesting and left me slightly undecided, I always like when that happens! Service was prompt and attentive, and our very kind waitress even went to find out what song was playing (as we liked it, and wanted to know who it was!). Incidentally, the playlist on the go was fabulous, and the mellow, downtempo tunes were perfect. It was an absolute pleasure to listen to.However, this place is all about the coffee, and what wonderful coffee it was! I'm a creature of habit, and a plain, black coffee is my usual choice. I'm struggling to recall the blend I had, but it was smooth, nutty, inherently sweet & a perfect strength. I would even be tempted to break the 'no milk' habit, and go for a flat white or cappuccino here, so sure would I be that it'd be delicious. In addition, the coffees brewed are regularly changed to ensure our taste-buds are kept on their toes.Now, I know I was having a moan earlier about the students taking up tables studying but, after lunch, I did sit for a while and read a book. The staff were very good and didn't chase or harass us to go, but by that time there were many more tables free, so I didn't feel so bad. I would have had it been over a busy lunchtime!So, just like Marmite, I think this was a day where my mood varied! I didn't love Brew Lab...but then I didn't hate it either. I do think I'd like to pay it a visit at the weekend to see if it has a different vibe going on, although, I'm not sure they'll have the chance to get the place finished by the time I go back...there's a little bit of plastering that still needs doing!
5	Popped into here after seeing the shop refurb and development on facebook a while after they had first opened. My other half is vegan so it was great to see that they advertise which food items are vegan, veggie etc. I opted for my favourite sandwich of pastrami, Swiss, pickles etc (very NY I am told). The vegan option was a Hummus, sun blush tomatoes, olives and red onion sourdough sandwich, which met with approval. I noticed that the house coffee was called slayer, being the rampant metal head I had to have a cup of this. The coffee was great as was our food! We didn't eat in on the day as the sun was shining and George square was calling, so sitting in a coffee shop with bright young things and their iThingy devices browsing FB didn't appeal. However the place looked really nice - lots of comfy sofas, some largish tables for bigger groups and some really nice quirky design ideas (The hole in the wall brick work springs to mind). I would happily bring a book here on a rainy day and drift through an afternoon. I will definitely be back.Last but not least the staff were great friendly and very efficient even though the place was busy.
5	I don't need to review this place... its a dream & everyone I know understands how much time/cash I spend here BUT in the interest of making sure people satiate their need for coffee you actually need to get a brew from these kids. Its amazing. Quite simply the most lovely staff & the most amazing coffee. I don't eat much stuff out but the porridge is ace and the chocolate marshmallows are probably the best thing I have ever popped in my mouth. Yep... that good. I went to try the coffee, I stayed for the chat and I go back everyday for the quality of both of these things. Best. xx
4	The coffee bar has been completely adopted by the UK, at this point you can barely go anywhere without a Starbucks/Costa on the corner, even McDonalds and Gregs (bastions of junk food) can offer a passable cup of the black nectar these days and you know what? That means that prestige coffee places like Brew Lab can become a reality.If you want to experience a really good cup of coffee (and a nice caffeine hit) go here, it really is that simple!
4	Brew Lab has seriously great coffee! Their single-origin coffees are fantastic and really help me learn more about tasting different coffees around the world. They are in fact a brew lab that works meticulously to perfect the brewing process of each new coffee they introduce. Their mocha is made with rich, dark and sweet chocolate and their latte is fantastically creamy with strong, perfectly made espresso.The coffee is great, and the sweets and lunches are also fantastic. They offer a different soup each day, along with a host of yummy sandwiches on great bread. Their cakes and brownies are amazing, and they are innovative with other baked goods such as lemon rosemary loaf that was great!The decor here is rustic. Whilst I like it in some rooms and it is a trendy sort of rustic, in the large room with the couches on the far right it feels a bit like the paint is coming off the walls and is a construction zone. I do love the sofas though, as well as the tables where many hunch down over their laptops. I have brought my rating down to four star because, despite the great coffee and food, I don't love the decor and the lack of seating can be difficult since I can't always know I can get a seat, and hence can't know I can stay to work here. The other thing is that the music is a bit too loud for me, which ups the volume of the whole place with many conversations trying to be heard over the music. That said, I do enjoy coming here because of the great coffee and the nice service of having my coffee brought to my seat.
5	A five star review from a non-coffee drinker? This place MUST be good.Having lived in Melbourne for years, you can't help but be a coffee snob. I don't need to drink it to tell you that these guys know their stuff. The everchanging worldly flavours, hand-picked bean quality and OCD precision of the baristas... tick, tick, tick.So what's in it for us non-caffeine fiends? - A tea and hot chocolate menu (yes - MENU!) means we have as much if not more choice of bevvies as our coffee counterparts. - The food. Sweet or savoury; Breakfast, lunch or nibbles. It's addictively delicious, made daily by local suppliers. Beware - it's so good, lunch sells out by 2pm regularly!- The atmosphere - BrewLab has that 'so-in-right-now' shabby chique interior, complete with exposed walls, cozy lighting and just the right amount or funky modern decor bits to keep your eyes interested- The staff: Most uber cool cafes like this usually come with a dose of pretentiousness, but not Brew Lab. The staff are friendly, knowledgeably and infectiously passionate about coffee.On one hand I love that it' sa unique one-of-a-kind spot. On the other, it's so good I wish there was a Brew Lab on every corner.
2	Don't like it. The coffee is weird tasting. I tried again, and again, unimpressed.
5	If you want good coffee, come here. This is one of my favourite coffee shops in Edinburgh, and that is saying something. We are certainly spoiled for choice in Edinburgh. The coffee here changes often, so every week you are likely to have a slightly different experience... Rest assured, it will always be a very good cup of coffee. The staff are serious about the bean here. All the food comes from various local specialists. The croissants come from a local French bakery, the soups and salads from union of genius, and the cakes from love crumbs (though I'm slightly dubious about this choice, the pastries make up for it). The cafe has a very grunge feel, with lots of purposeful wear and tear and mix and match furniture. I love the fact that there are so many laptop plug in spots. I have already used this place to write two essays, and intend to do so again in the next couple of days. It's extremely convenient for Edinburgh uni students, being right next to old college.  The wi fi is free and very fast, despite the number of customers using it. The staff are very laid back and provide very good service, in what must be a quite stressful working environment-it is always packed, and for good reason. I haven't eaten any of the savoury food here yet, though some of those baguettes and salads look fantastic.
5	I wouldn't have thought that anything or anyone could make me love coffee more until I went to Brew Lab. A whole new world of coffee joy awaits you here.
5	Best latte in Edinburgh, guaranteed.
4	so much exposed brickwork - my inner hipster is rejoicing!the coffee and food here is pretty spot on. can't really fault it. Really good flat white was had today, although slightly pricier than some of my other favorite haunts. However, i got to watch them make it on the Slayer, which is pretty much one of the most beautiful machines ever. i seriously want one.i also had a buckwheat,winter kale and date salad to go with it. NOM. it also came with some rosemary and olive bread. MASSIVELY DOUBLE NOM. i want this bread in loves, lovely and soft.their millionaire shortbread macaroon was also deeeeelightful. and i sat in here with my work for about 3 hours to not a single complaint. due to its proximity to student land it's pretty popular with the laptop crowd, so good luck finding a seat, but it is worth it!
5	There are so many coffee establishments in Edinburgh, and so many seemingly tiny details that actually all amount to making a huge difference when it comes to your coffee imbibing, overall cafe-working-socialising experience.Firstly, let's get one thing straight...I'm never going to beat the tremendous line scribed by Jenny "awesome Yelp" L on her review of Brew Lab...I'll repeat it here just to benefit myself as it'll make my review look better and also it'll mean that even if the rest of this review is boring, at least one line of it will have been worth the 5 seconds of your life you've spent reading this up until now..."Holy coffee bean batman, I've found my new crack."Yep, there it is. An all-encompassing description from which I took the following meaning - that the coffee here was going to be awesome (and potent) and that this place was something new and different, a bit of a Dean Moriarty character striding onto the coffee scene with a buzz in its step and a love of espresso and all these exciting ideas that would instantly make people listen and want to congregate in the same place and drink it all in......ok, maybe I've got a bit carried away, but I'm obssessed with On the Road and I'm going to America soon, so I'm a bit over-excited.The point is, this is something new for Edinburgh. It might not be exactly what everyone wants to the perfect degree but it's got a freshness about it, and a real feeling of wanting to do something different by creating an alternative cafe scene within the city...the people working there genuinely want you to get to know coffee and what's amazing about it and to figure out your own personal coffee palate, and I like that.Additional attributes - plentiful working areas, a good vibe of general work and study, more than several plug sockets and free wi-fi.They have a coffee machine called the Slayer - it's a manual machine on which you can adjust the pressure and if you know what you're doing your espresso pours brilliantly with beautiful heart and crema (trying to pull out all my old barista lingo from the archives) and your day proceeds wonderfully. The food is really, really good - I've gone for whatever salad they've had on each time I've been in just about, and I've never been disappointed. The portions are generous, and the ingredient concoctions they assemble are a bit different.The plan is that they're going to start holding different arts events (and I think gigs) at Brew Lab, and I think increasing hanging out opportunities at the venue by extending the opening hours would really be a banterful move. I'm looking forward to that when it happens.
5	The coffee and service here are excellent. Brew Lab not only offers two espresso blends (one house, one guest), they also have two coffee preparation options (chemex and pour over using a Hario V60). On top of that, there are a couple different beans to choose from when doing a regular coffee. Further, in terms of execution, everything is done very well--all my coffees and espressos have been spot on. Brew Lab also has excellent sweets: the peanut butter shortbread and cream cheese brownies are worth the extra money. In terms of the atmosphere, Brew Lab leans towards the modern end of things, and yet there's kind of a classic feel to it, probably because of the red leather easy chairs and throwback benches/picnic-style tables. Generally, it's very comfortable. It can get crowded, but I have yet to find the space to get loud. Finally, the staff is courteous, knowledgeable, and helpful. If you like excellent coffee and you're in Old Town, Brew Lab is well worth a visit.
5	I love the coffe here and the way they have decorated the internal arrangement.  I really like their filled baguettes but yet to try then when they have the pulled pork one!I like watching the world go by from here. It's a popular place with the students too.
5	Ethiopian coffee 'brewed' piques taste buds again. And, my imagination, how is it created to get like this?The clear coffee, served from your own private jug, is unlike anything I've tasted before.  A refreshing eye brow raising fruity sensation it sure creates a thirst for more. An inquisitive glance through the style hatch to the creative 'element style' chalk board reveals there are a host of coffee reasons to visit again, and again. Brew Lab have hit the nail on the head for the alternative coffee stop, and I'm so glad I was introduced to the concrete clad lab.Partnering the coffee was a chocolate brownie so soft it could win an award for beautiful fork smudging. The choice of partners have been sliced and diced by careful thought; with lunch time revealing exciting savoury ciabattas to be munched.The coffee is worldly different, the atmosphere could be your London celeb hang out before media hone in, and the staff are easily mistaken for humble FCUK models. Go, its worth every bean.
5	Ermagerd!!!! The espresso is sooooo good! I like to consider myself a bit of a coffee snob coming from Seattle and all so I was a bit skeptical when everyone told me this was the greatest coffee in the world. But I have to admit it might actually be the best! I finally got into the shop today and I ordered the house espresso which was recommended to me. WOW the flavours hit you like a left hook from Rocky Balboa . I didnt even think that this was coffee I was drinking. It was so smooth like silk, with berry hints and no bitterness. Like none, I kept expecting it at the end but it never manifested. Its really hard to get a espresso shot that is not a little bit burnt but these guys did an excellent job of not burning it at all! The place was busy full of college kids and there was no where to sit. They turn the internet off during the busy time of the day to stem people from sitting there all day mooching the free internet but that didnt seem to dieter  them for no one left while I was there. But thats ok for the coffee I will stand on my head if they want! So I believe I have found my new haunt , for this place is just like a coffee shop in Ballard or Queen Ann in Seattle and I can see myself spending some time there studying. Sorry Brew Lab you have a new leech thats going to attach itself to your espresso machines, or you can make it easy and give me an IV.
5	Dav runs this place.  It has the shabby but thought out rustic lodge look that is so inviting, and it is always near to full but somehow there are always a few seats to plant on.  They use all compostable wear, which I am used to from SF where composting is mandatory, so I appreciate finding a cafe I can feel at home in.  That sounds really pretentious, but I'm gonna leave it there, because it's true.  The most important part, wait for it, the coffee... it is miraculously good.  Not that I enjoy being a coffee snob, but Dav knows of Blue Bottle Coffee (his favorite too), and his coffee has the same jolt and delicious delicious addicting flavor of BB.  Ah. I was so high when I left I was stumbling a bit, and I wonder if there wasn't a little something extra in there.  But no, the other coffee I'd been drinking (cafes will go unnamed) will go unvisited by me now that I've found Brew Lab.
4	Really cool little coffee shop and cafe. The coffee is excellent and the design of the place is quite interesting. Not sure if it is a natural look or doctored to look like a renovation site with a few tables and chairs. I could easily find myself here in the morning sipping coffee and catching up on the news and or surfing the net. The food here is also good. I had the ham and cheese croissant and it tasted excellent. It is also one of the few places that is open early on a Sunday morning. I would happily comeback here any day for a coffee and a croissant. They do have fresh made sandwiches and other items for lunch and some delicious looking cakes and tarts if you are after something sweet.
3	Okay, so I might not be the best person to review Brew Lab as I don't do coffee. At all. The whole coffee thing is properly lost on me. So a place famed for this particular beverage probably has to work harder for me. However, I liked Brew Lab when I could finally get some space to sit down and soak up the place. It feels a bit like a train station with people constantly wandering around trying to find a spot to sit, and it's rammed full of rich student types. I like the decor, the staff were very pleasant and my peppermint tea was really very nice. Fresh peppermint leaves and all. Lovely. Couldn't fault the cuppa - would happily sup another one.However, it's losing the fourth star for me just now because it's so busy and I don't find it very relaxing. If I want to enjoy a pot of tea I'd rather go somewhere a bit less packed. But hey, that's just a testament to how popular the joint is :)
4	I like this cafe a lot but I don't come here enough. In fact I've probably only been there twice since it opened. I have to say though I like it for the look of the place, rather than anything else as I only recently tried any food there. So I'm not reviewing for the food, but for the look and feel of the place. Its got that look of exposed brick walls, with some plaster in places, like it's not trying hard but in fact looks pretty cool. It's full of trendy looking people on their laptops, drinking coffee, and looking intellectual (in my mind anyway). The place is spacious and feels quite relaxed to me, which I like.
5	How do I love thee, Brew Lab? Let me count the ways. I'm told you're super coffee heroes, to those that are qualified to discuss such matters. Well, here's a star for being great at everything non-coffee AS WELL. Yes, your hot chocolates are divine. Your tea selection includes my new favourite, lavender rooibos.Here's a star for the fact you sold me a plum. An actual plum. A 50p plum. Your fruit bowl is more than just apples and bananas, for you sold me a plum.Here's a star for recognising me when I come in and for being so welcoming every single time.Here's a star for your excellent and reliable free Wifi, and even for your smart idea to switch it off at lunchtimes, which, while it might inconvenience folks like me, is actually a really clever plan because you know you're hot enough to get business at that time simply on the basis of your own product.Here's a star for your decor, or lack of. Even when your front window got spidered by some blunt object recently, and I felt my heart form similar patterns at the brutal attack on a place that is now, essentially, a piece of my soul, you somehow owned it. Your exposed bricks and mortar, your unfinished corners, your ramps and slopes on the wooden floor - all is perfection, kooky and raw without being too hipsterish.Here's a st- oh wait, I hit five already. Well, good job, Brew Lab, good job. Good job from someone who doesn't even come here for the thing you specialise in. You are superheroes indeed.
5	After a big night out in Edinburgh, I needed a coffee, so where better to go than Brewlab. I asked for a strong 'wake me up coffee' and that's what I got. The service was excellent and my coffee was brought to me while I lounged away on the sofa catching up on the days news and downing an endless supply of water.The decor is attractive taking in a were house style feel without feeling cold. It wasn't too busy, though it was an early Thursday morning, I can see the place getting very busy at weekends.The coffee woke me up and while it was too early of me to have the cake, what was on offer looked great. It was a great place to relax, get over a hangover and enjoy a superbly crafted coffee.
4	A friend brought me a take away coffee from here, which was indeed a well-made coffee, although generally smaller then you would find elsewhere, but that is essentially what a Flat White is. I ended up going to lunch here the same day and it was indeed pretty busy. After recently visiting London, his place looked like a place straight out of Shoreditch, with a funky and unfinished look, it had a old and modern feel. I had the soup on special, which was a chickpea stew, it was very good and came served on a wooden food board. The bread was good, but very crusty and could have been a mission to eat had there been lots of it. The coffee set-up is very trendy and they over the up-and-coming pour over coffee, which I saw heaps in London.  It is extremely trendy I would say based on the look, but is a very cold car and definitely somewhere I would go to get some work done.
5	There's not really much more I can add to previous reviews, so I'll just reiterate. It deserves it.I haven't tried every coffee shop in Edinburgh but I'd still be confident in saying none are better than Brew Lab.The interior is well polished; stylish and modern but still very warm and comfortable.The staff are polite, charming and relaxed. They are obviously very talented baristas, whose knowledge and passion for coffee is obvious.Coffee is the main draw of Brew Lab. The reason being that they source and frequently rotate the best beans from the best roasters in Europe. A considerable amount of effort (and cost) has obviously been invested in using the top of the range equipment to brew in a variety of ways, getting the best out of the beans. Best of all, I've been able to enjoy a huge selection of wonderful, different flavours and blends that would simply have not been available elsewhere in town.The food is also of an equal quality. Serving fresh Union of Genius soups daily, freshly baked baguettes with ever-changing, creative and fresh fillings. Always offering a vegetarian or vegan option as well. I realised I used the word 'fresh' far too much in that sentence but it is a word that seems to perfectly describe Brew Lab, figuratively and literally.It's a credit to Edinburgh.
5	Last semester during finals, I was a customer at brew lab every day of the week and stayed for ridiculous amounts of time. They kept me caffeinated, fed and sane without ever asking me to leave even though I had occupied a table for copious amounts of time. The staff are lovely, the soup is delicious and the drinks are fantastic. What else do you really need in a coffee shop?
5	Finally got round to visiting Brew Lab after a walk back from a local DIY establishment in the city, and oh my the coffee was just fantastic. Not too fantastic as the cafe scene in When Harry Met Sally, but pleasant enough tasting to raise an eyebrow, and nod agreeably. Upon looking around for seating as the beans were brewed I noticed a few alcoves and bar facing tabletops that you could position yourself, your laptop or friends at. I had no choice(really I didn't) to treat myself to a takeaway cup of latte type blend as the rest of Edinburgh folks were there. Obviously they, like Carrie in SATC who knows shoes, the chaps in here must know what's great coffee?On my next visit me thinks I will either try first thing in the morning or last orders to possibly get a comfy seat. The only thing is since I'm new to trying Brew Lab; and it's decent enough to merit a second visit, is what regular who's seat I might sit on will be left out in the dark. Perhaps I could ponder this as I enjoy the smell, taste and texture of my next latte, green tea or earl grey hot. In all nice place guys but you need to make it bigger on the inside!
3	arrogant but brilliant coffee... I recommend buying a whole pack and brew it at home...brilliant period-table coffee menui think they do serve the best coffee in town - but also the most expensive one.Interior design is well-hipstery, such as you might find in Berlin these days: clean-shabby, experimental (?)I am willing to spend my money here because the coffee is really good,i hardly enjoy hanging out here for longer though, firstly it gets quite busy and secondly the staff are a little too much into themselves....a smile would be nice once in a while....
4	These guys specialize in the lighter roasts, and they serve their pour-overs on a plank of wood, in a small pitcher, allowing the customer to pour the coffee themselves, as they see fit.  Beautiful.  As to the coffee, I prefer a bit of a stronger pour, but they do a good job.   Their Cappuccino is nearly spot-on, though a bit hotter would be nice.  Otherwise, perfect.
5	Great comfy and modern cafe with high end coffees and teas (e.g. Fresh peppermint leaves for the mint tea). Seating - lots of seating (at counters, sofas, tables for two or four, or at the big long table).  There's always been space to sit, although there's always a fair number of people.Perfect for working or studying or meeting friends.  The free wifi is fast and reliable and there are electric sockets next to most of the tables so you can charge your phone or computer.  (It's one of those places where everyone with a laptop seems to have a Mac!)Snacks - they serve lunch and varies baked goods, chips, and some fruit.  There are no gluten free options as far as I can tell.
4	We tried the flat white and the Ethiopian drip coffee (which as you might expect was made very meticulously!). Both were very good and I'd definitely visit again when I'm back in Edinburgh especially given it's location. We had our coffees to go, but the cafe itself seemed nice and cosy :)
5	After having swill at my hotel, I'd march down to Brew Lab for real coffee.  Many thanks to a friend of mine who was in Edinburgh just before me, he recommended this gem.  The cappuccinos are luxurious and svelte.  Delicious!The coffee is up there with my favourite coffee bars. The layout and atmosphere are friendly, inviting, and relaxing.  What's more, the staff bring your your coffee to where you're sitting!
3	Very nice atmosphere. They clearly take a lot of pride in the their coffee. I have, so far, only had drip coffee from them.  Each time, carefully weighed and slowly (in the appropriate way) poured. The beans are of good quality, if a bit lightly roasted for my taste.  The disappointment is how *weak* the resulting coffee is. They simply do not use enough beans for the amount of water.
5	I've been coming to Brew Lab since they opened, and from a promising but at times rocky start, they've become one of the go-to places in Edinburgh for those who want both good coffee and good food (a combination that seems tricky, as most great coffee places in Edinburgh only do cakes and most great lunch places do bad to mediocre coffee!). They show a consistent wish to become better at what they do, and it shows.Their flat whites are consistently top notch, as are their cortados and long blacks. Sometimes, I'll go for a cheeky mocha in a flat white cup, and it's superbly chocolatey without being too sweet.The place is usually packed with people, which is a shame as you can't be guaranteed a seat if you're more than one or two people, but they use their space well and you can't really fault them for being popular.The food is great, with very crusty baguettes (on the tough side for some to chew, but I love bread that gives a bit of fight) wonderful soups (different, fluffier bread comes with this) and really rather lovely salads as well. As an omnivore with vegetarian leanings, I love that their vegetarian and vegan options are just as inviting as their meat options and usually completely different, rather than just being the meat option without meat or something like that. Cakes and pastries are always fresh and full of flavour as well.Finally, and very importantly, the staff clearly care about the products they make and sell, and they do so with an inviting air about them, unlike some other coffee shops in Edinburgh who might have been around for longer but who've put themselves out of my favour by being at times incredibly dismissive of customers who don't conform to their standards. The servers and baristas at Brewlab are hard workers and consistently friendly.Love it! :)
