1	I have been taking my dog to Palisades Veterinary Hospital for a while.  However, I have noticed a change in the quality of service they provide and have decided to go somewhere else.  On our last visit, I stood at the front desk while the receptionist made eye contact with me numerous times, yet waited 4 minutes to acknowledge me.  We waited 20 minutes in the lobby, then another 15 minutes in the patient room.  The vet tech called my dog a "dork."  Also, I observed while she was trying to weigh a German Shepard she called him a "freak."  I know they are dogs, but I think the name calling is highly unprofessional.  I usually get a follow up call after each visit, but did not receive one this time.  It's unfortunate that the customer service is so poor, because I think the doctor is very knowledgable.
1	Over priced, unnecessary procedures, NEVER on time. We had been using this vet since 2003 but now will not return. Started to call prior to appt and told dr is on time, arrive at appt and guess what!?...20-50 minutes waiting. Staff has high turn over, never apologizes for the wait, expensive for mediocre care. The vets do genuinely care about your pet, just not your time or wallet. Surgery was suggested so pursued 3rd and 4th opinions, none of them shared palisades opinions. Disappointed and frustrated. Crappy front desk service, staff never remembers allergies, filthy dirty floors, yep we will go somewhere else less concerned about the bottom line.
1	We used Palisades Veterinarian Hospital for 2 years for our two dogs and two cats. We received some of the worst services from both staff and the main veterinarian that owns the facility. They will advise surgeries first, not sure if this is for practice and they will over charge you when they can. We now use El Dorado Animal Hospital and it has been a complete professional experience. Also facilities are very clean and staff are more trained that Palisades. Be cautious of this place and the head veterinarian Dr. Hessian it's either her way or no way she is very argumentative to customers.
5	I just started seeing Dr. Hessian at Palisades Veterinary Hospital. She is very professional, caring and knowledgeable. My cat has been recently ill and she is trying to extend his life. I feel like we have a good communication going on which is  important since my kitty has large cell lymphoma. My cat seems to like her too. The front staff have gotten to know us and have reached out to me. They seem genuinely interested in me and my cat. The place is clean. The techs seem gentle and caring. I am glad all is going well because I will be seeing them weekly. I would definitely recommend this place to my friends. The location couldn't be better.
5	Palisades Veterinary Hospital is amazing!  Dr. Deah Hessian and her staff went above and beyond for me.  My 3 year old bullmastiff Piggy had to have a leg amputation (bone cancer).  Not only did Dr. Hessian come in on her day off to do the surgery, but she went out of her way to continue the care for my Piggy.  Piggy is doing amazing and she wouldn't have been able to be where she is not, without this great office.
5	All of our animals have been treated at Palisades since we moved to Fountain Hills in 1988.  Of course, the doctors have changed along with a bigger practice, facility and staff but it is still the friendly and professional clinic we depend on.  We have had 4 cats and 6 dogs over the years, and they always received the best care.  Dr. Hessian and Dr. Diltz were very supportive when we were faced with euthanizing our 3 elderly dogs within this last year.  They gave us choices and possible scenarios for treatment and left the decision up to us without judgement.   It was overwhelming but the staff was so kind, and,  I was comforted by the knowledge behind all 3 decisions.  ( my large dogs lived 15, 13 1/2 and 13 years!)   So, now we have a new puppy!  She has already been seen by Dr. H and Dr. D.  and we look forward to continuing this great relationship.  I recommend this genuine group of pet lovers to anyone who is searching for quality veterinary care for their pets.
