3	I'm tired, hungover, sore, and my ears are still ringing from the night before. What can get me out of bed? BURRITOS!On our most recent trip to Vegas, my friends and I drove by this place on our way to Ralph's and saw their "best dam steak super burrito" sign and were immediately sucked in. I don't know about it being the BEST, but the steak burrito was juicy and decently sized. The chorizo breakfast burrito with beans was yummm. They're a little over priced in comparison to the cheap Mexican food in Los Angeles (you can check out a picture of their menu here on Yelp), but compared to the other food you can get in Vegas it isn't bad.My only beef with this place was the wait. The second time we came here the wait was so long for them to TAKE our order at the drive-thru that we ended up parking and ordering instead. It took us 25 minutes to get the first of our 6 burritos (three separate orders). Turns out there was only one person working the entire place (on Memorial Day weekend!), but the wait should never be that long at a drive-thru taco stand. NEVER.Also, there is no indoor seating -- there is only an outdoor seating area (no shade) by the street.Because it's in Vegas, and because The Strip is lacking cheap Mexican food, I will probably come back, but if this place were in LA I would probably skip it.
5	This place is the super goods. I just moved in down the street and its open 24 hours. It takes forever but they dont fire up the carne until you order it. The tacos are a buck each and the burritos are big. Everything is good. The red salsa is super hot and the green sauce is tasty. Mix them together. The carnitas are BOMB with lime and green sauce. Real street tacos they even throw some pinto beans in.
1	Super Burrito should be Sorry Burrito.We had always seen them around town with their van and had stated we wanted to try to the place. When they opened up the location on Tropicana it was definitely time to try it out.It's a walk up/drive through location. So we walked up.The staff was pretty friendly. The guy had asked if we had ate their before and after our answer of no, we were treated to some samples of their meat. I decided on carne asada super burrito and the man went with chicken super burrito. We waited in our car for our food and they were kind enough to bring it out the car for us. The man was anxious to try his food so he immediately went in the bag and kept pulling stuff out asking me what else I ordered and where was his burrito.Much to our surprise, our burritos were there. Just not so super. They were flat, not round at all and filled with mostly filler. There was maybe 1 and 1/2 oz meat in each burrito. I had just spent a little over $30 on two burritos, a cheese quesadilla, drinks, and chips and salsa. Can I tell you how pissed off I was???????????I will never try another Super Burrito in my life.
4	The last two Mexican places in this spot failed bad. Third time was a charm. I tried the carne Asada and they actually let me try it before I ordered (which could in itself be a problem since that shows that the Carne is already made and in a warming dish). Either way, they cut all the fat off and it literally is just the meat involved in whatever you choose to put it in. Originally, I ordered the bowl, but they were out of bowls, and I declined the offer to throw everything into a styrofoam container instead. So I regrouped and ordered my first Torta. Ok, there was too much going on in there with guac (pretty good), lettuce, beans on the Torta and the meat is still pretty tasty, so I would stick to the tacos or maybe a regular burrito without anything but meat and rice on my next visit. As long as the carne remains void of fat (a huge rarity in my life) this is the go to place for worry-free Carne Asada now. Oh, I used the walk-up window and the cashier was muy bueno.
