1	I don't think I could have been more unsatisfied with my experience today at Banfield Pet Hospital. I was watching my parents 10 month old boxer over the weekend and this morning around 5am she was running around in the back yard and somehow broke her leg. It was a pretty bad break and she was in a tremendous amount of pain. We called Banfield because they're very close to us and have seen our dog in the past. When I explained that it is not my dog and my parents could not be reached as they are out of cell phone range they advised they were not willing to offer any help until a payment method was offered. I asked if they would take a post-dated check for two days and they said no way. They had absolutely zero compassion to the situation. My mother ended up calling in the payment and the girl forgot to take her expiration date. When we showed up to get the dog she wasted no time to threaten to take US to collections if the issue didn't get resolved by tomorrow! We quickly let her know where to go and how to get there. That is her problem, not ours! When we left I asked for a printout of the X-ray and they advised it would be $25. This place is only interested in your money, do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.
1	I have two great dane puppies and was looking to get them their vaccinations and set up to be neutered.They offer pet prevention plans which if you sign up for can save you an additional 10-15% additional services.  While for the most basic things this is a rather reasonable expense.  However, one of the pups magically contracted Parvo after being vaccinated for it.They wanted to charge me $800 in random tests to find out what was wrong.  I said no and asked them to do 1 test at a time until they found out what was wrong.  Which once Parvo came back positive that saved me nearly 600 dollars.  Seeing as they were the clinic the pups have been seen the most at I continued to use their services to treat Parvo.  A highly contagious and extremely deadly disease.  They used no precautions in handling my dog (gloves, bib, protective gear).  Which scarily may have put other dogs at great risk.  He spent 2 days getting fluids, amoxicillian shots, and anti nausea medicine. I can't speak of him being quarantined or isolated for the safety of other dogs coming in.  All said and done we spent over $1000 dollars in hydrating our dog with 4 anti nausea pills and a bottle of amoxicillian.  Since we were adamant on being consulted before running other various tests that were unnecessary.  After researching and making a few phone calls we asked for an X-Ray to be done at the closing hours. They obliged and ran x-rays after hours for us.  They came back with a blockage and possible intestinal twist scare. They advised us to take our pet to a local emergency pet hospital after spending 2 days in their "hospital". The people were friendly but very busy and they were frequently over run with people waiting. Which is part of life, but when our dog has Parvo we should have been informed from the start to keep him isolated and not be walking him through the store. The main Dr was very friendly and she did seem knowledgeable but this is a very business oriented place that over charges for some very basic things.   The emergency hospital visit is by far more expensive, but we have essentially lost 2 days and $1000 dollars worth of services that could of gone to an establishment better equipped to handle the illness that is very time sensitive and early treatment is critical for our dogs survival. I highly recommend going to a real vet office.
5	I have been bringing my pitbull mix to Banfield for almost a year. Prior to Banfield, I was taking her to Power Ranch Animal Hospital and received very impersonal service, spent a lot of money, and never really felt that my dog was being taken care of. I purchased a Wellness Plan for my dog on my first visit at Banfield (she was about 6 months old and unfortunately had already received all puppy shots/services elsewhere). I only wish I had gone to Banfield sooner. The Wellness Plan really saves so much money and also saves a ton of stress because you are able to bring in your pet anytime you have concerns without having to pay anything. Also, everyone at Banfield is always really friendly and helpful and seem to genuinely enjoy what they do.
