3	This McDonald's is offset from the road a bit. Parking for dine-in or carry-out is quite convenient, but navigating into the drive through lane is a little tricky.  Watch out for people driving out as you try to enter.  Otherwise, it's a regular old McD's.  The staff were resonably friendly when I was there.
2	Don't go through the drive through. They F you in the drive through. Multiple different times throughout 3 years, I have been F'ed consistently. Hamburgers with no meat (hard to validate when driving through). Missing items. Just go in and check your order.
1	My son has been going there with his friends and though its different times of the day, he has been finding hair in his food. That's fucking disgusting. I hope this place goes out of business.My family will never eat there again.
2	My first time to this McDonalds in....well, I cant remember.  The service wasn't horrid.  It was a bit slow even considering the line through the drive through.  Maybe I was just tired and grumpy....I am a bit annoyed that I asked for dips for my McNuggets and they gave me NONE.  Not the worst out there.  They may get another chance but I am far from wowed at this rate.
5	The burgers are cooked magnificently, and the master chefs have a way with the salads that can't just be beat. I also thank them for posting that sauces cost 10 cents extra - most other McDonalds don't have signage saying sauces cost extra. They often close early on weekends to give staff members extra family time.
4	Always dependable big Mac, fries, and nuggets.
1	Worst customer service ever, esp from 7pm onward. The lady asking us our order in the drive thru didnt know what chicken selects were or if they even served small drinks. I thought it was a joke or something until i got to the window to see one of the dumbest human beings in the world. She didnt ask me for my card, apologize for being rude/ignorant to her own menu, and just flirted with a co worker during the entire transaction. I know its minimum wage at a mcdonalds but Jesus wept this location needs better employees. As a manager of a retail establishment i was appalled at their customer service, and my wife was disgusted with their attitudes. At least the fries were luke warm.
1	First time they served me oatmeal in a cup. Second time they have no hot chocolate and I still had to wait in the drive thru. Unsure why the management staff is unable to order the right amount of inventory. Im not giving a 3rd chance to be disappointed.
3	Great slides for the three year old; haven't had a service issue, beyond typical fast food worker apathy.Oil needs to be chaned in the fryer. :-P
1	I do everything I can to avoid this place - but the little one likes the chicken nuggets so [we] go when there's a need.  Service continues to deteriorate.  If there is a school night there - forget it.  They can't keep up with whose order is whose, the staff is not prepared for that load.  They never get orders right so I constantly have to appeal to a child who doesn't like mustard on their hamburger.  They are so ghetto - they give old toys in their happy meals - really?!  Like my kid is stupid and doesn't know what it is supposed to be thanks to ads, signage, and what not.  Please do yourself a favor and do not go to this McD.
2	IF you go here for lunch don't park in area that is continuation of the drive thru. One person taking orders = a line that rapidly grows and a longer wait for something that shouldn't require a wait. The drive thru is typically the way I come through here and will be the only way from now on...
