4	I always love it when traveling out of town, and find a good restaurant which does the basics Fairly well.  Service wasn't too bad and I had the Alfredo with chicken.  What a surprise, the chicken was pretty good and the Alfredo wasn't bland like most places.  Four stars given for the nice mist sprayer in the temperatures as hot as the surface of the sun and for meeting expectations for a weary out of town traveler.
3	It was 115 degrees out and this was the second restaurant we passed at lunchtime that had misters on their patio so we went in. Portions were gigantic and yet somehow we were able to finish off the ceasar salad and french dip. Service was snappy though a little plastic the way they all smiled the same at us. I'd say this place serves some decent grub but they can't make up their mind what kind of restaurant to be. The middle panel of the menu boasts middle eastern lavosh while the right panel advertises Italian and the left panel offers typical sandwiches with a quesadilla thrown in for a twist. It's definitely not a destination restaurant more the kind of place you need when it's scorching outside and you're dying of hunger and thirst...okay, it's not that bad, but why go unless you just happen to stumble into it on your way to someplace else and if that's the case, you wouldn't be reading this review.
5	It was freezing in PHX. OK, well for a bay area guy going to the desert it was cold! We were looking for a lunch place in old scottsdale and found this place. We were so happy. A cozy, friendly place with lovely, warm service. The food was good for what it is. They also do karaoke at night which we missed. We'll be back the next time for that.If you happen to be there, definitely try it out!!!
4	Great Karaoke 7-days a week right in old-town Scottsdale. Thousands of songs available, and a great place to go with a group of intoxicated friends. This is my favorite karaoke place in town - It can be hit or miss (crowd wise) during the week, but I have had several memorable weeknights here.Decent food on the patio upstairs, and another bar to get you ready to perform downstairs.*Note: very, very, very busy on the weekends after 9pm! IF you want to sing a lot go during the week...
5	This email serves as a public apology to all Grape Vine Karaoke Regulars:I apologoze that a bussload of 30 somethings gals came rolling into your bar and caused all sorts of drunken havoc on your night.  It was my bachelorette party and I just really wanted to sing.  I sang, I think and I have pictures of us all singing, just no real memory of the singing.  Anyhow--- I THINK WE HAD A GREAT TIME!
2	I have been their twice for Karaoke. They have an AMAZING book I was shocked to see how many songs they had. I signed up for 3 and I could only sing one of them because the other songs had bad words in them.That was a big NO NO! IT IS A BAR! YOU HAVE TO BE 21 TO BE IN THERE! who is going to be offended by me singing adam sandlers at a medium pace?
3	Grapevine and I go together like Del Maguey Chichicapa Mezcal and Dr Pepper, but fuggit if I don't enjoy myself here in adult-spring-break-fantasyland.Its awkward at first, how someone my age feels like the GILF-hunter recruiting for the bangbus parked o'er yonder at Martini Ranch or somewhere equally creepy.  But once you find your niche and the fat book of songs -- I mean its REAALLY extensive -- then you can kick it a bit and enjoy the reduced rates of Scottsdale's version of what I imaging the bar at Club Med to be like ... lots of Tommy Bahama and Ann Taylor A-line dresses with Hibiscus prints ... everyone in Finn Comfort sandals.  Anyway, between your enthusiastic head nods through Don From Sales' rock n roll air-flute to Jethro Tull's 'Aqualung' and The Ladies of Sun Valley Office Park Suite B14's interpretation of Tiny Dancer, you can sign yourself up.  Graham C has balls the size of watermelons and after a small amount of coaxing, was convinced by our small party to rock the mic to Arctic Monkey's 'I Bet You Look Good On The Dancefloor'.Por favor, beleive that there is nothing more exciting than four twentysomething dweebs holding their Amstels mouthward, Marlboro 100's [hey, its all they sold at Grapevine] behind the ear  like they're playing a sold-out Wembley belting out:"DANCING TO ELECTRO-POP LIKE A ROBOT FROM NINETEEEEN EIIIIIGHTY FOOOOOUUUURR!""FROM NINETEEEEN EIIIIIGHTY FOOOOOOOOOOURRR!!"Graham is teh tits.
2	Went with a group of friends on Saturday night.  Yes, there was a huge book of songs.  It was my first time singing karaoke... which means I needed a lot of drinks in me.  They kept the martinis coming, but I can't tell you if they were good or not, because I was pretty drunk.  We ordered food too, but I was too excited to sing to eat any of it.  But it mostly disappeared, so it must of been okay. I put 4 songs on my piece of paper, but was only called on once in the 4 hours we were there.  They said there was a rotation, but others got to sing more than a few times and everyone in my group only got to sing once.  I felt like they were giving the 'regulars' more songs.  Also, it was a Saturday night and the 'regulars' were all singing country songs and showtunes.  I was practicing all week, I wanted to SING!!!! And their slow songs were boring me.So hopefully there are other options in the valley for Karaoke, it did feel pretty awesome singing and dancing on the stage, in a drunken stupor and I'd like to do it again sometime. If I end up here again, perhaps I will change my review, but I'll never go here again on a Saturday night.
2	karaoke on tuesday and thursday and saturday night rocks! dont go on days other than these cuz yould be bored to DEATH! all other karaoke nights are for the 75 and above crowd.only one waitress really does her job.the bartender and the rest of the wait staff take forever to serve your order and continuously chatter among themselves! the male bartender always looks sad and NEVER smiles and needs to work elsewhere like in a funeral parlor. food selection is extremely LIMITED! they need to add more items on their menu.limited parking.limited seats. lots of yakking by all of the wait staff except for the waitress wearing glasses as she is the only one doing her job!bathrooms are a mess. real classic untidiness bordering on filth. the waitress wearing glasses and the karaoke on the nights i mentioned are the only thing that could keep this business afloat.
4	Celebrating your 50th birthday here is ill-advised if you have a heart condition or are not ok with the randomness of the Grapevine and its Saturday night karaoke crowd.  All the sudden I look up from the birthday friend being serenaded on stage to "Like a Virgin" when some meathead (rumor has it he's a stripper) starts dry humping said friend lifting her up chair and all. * Good times.  * Immense song list.* Slow drink service.* Kick ass bongo drums.* Slow karaoke service.  Took me about 90 minutes to wait for first song. (Bob Marley - Is This Love)  * Too many drunken "Sweet Carolines" and "Black Velvets".  Let's be original, people.* And, yes, it seems that many of the clued in regulars get to sing more often. * Here's a tip.  I saw the same guy sing as Joe, Joseph and Jose.  If you can't beat em?  Join em.
3	I was going to go to Cafe Carumba for breakfast or brunch the other Sunday, but I didn't arrive until 3:00pm and Carumba was closing.  I was disappointed, but it is great that they close early, so their staff can enjoy the Sunday afternoon off!  So I ended up going over to the Grapevine just next door. I have always seen it, but never gone there.  They have quite a menu with everything from Gyros to steak sandwiches.  I normally stay away from places with such broad cuisine. They tend to not be very good.  But, I have to say the service was great. Our waitress was so very pleasant, and the steak sandwich on garlic toast I ordered came with a great cut of steak, and a homemade garlic roll that it was served on.  They even made a killer cosmo to top off my Carrie Bradshaw breakfast.  I would come back here again.  It was a very good experience.
2	Good location, bad service. It was not a busy Thursday night, but our waitress was literally 20+ minutes in between stops. The nachos were not really nachos. More of a salad mixed with some tortilla chips, that happen to be burnt. Christina ordered a lavosh thingy and it came out cold. The food was way overpriced. I only had one drink. It was stiff, so that is good. This place was just really meh.
2	it's been a while since the one and only time i went here, but it deserves a review, simply because of what happened there.we were well on our way to having a hang over the next day, which seems like the only way to go to this bar. we walked in (group of 6), and managed to find a table, inside, where the karaoke was happening. we're not that into karaoke, but it is free entertainment.as soon as we sat down, a woman started singing. she was pretty decent and the song was a crowd pleaser. then it happened.some dude, about 5'2" gets up on stage, and starts dancing at her, while she's singing. i say at, because she was not dancing. no one was. except this guy, who was also in his mid-40s and sporting a sweet comb-over. it was seriously like someone planted him as a prank, like we were being taped for a surprise tv show. we all sat there looking at each other, then looking at him, then back at each other. the lady was a trooper, she just kept singing. finally, the song was over, and he opened his arms up, like he was going to hug her. finally, some other guy from the audience, pulled him away, back down to his seat. very awkwardly. that's not why i'm giving this 2 starts. we were there a good 15 minutes total, and never saw a server. more beer might have saved the situation, in some way. with no beer in sight, we bolted. we couldn't handle another episode like that, with nothing to wash it down with.
2	The food was fine but the waitress had too many tables and and the sandwich came long after our drinks were gone 20-30 min. we won't go back!
4	I can't believe I got to review this place before the DG! I feel honored and privileged. For all of the 2 star haters: THIS PLACE IS DOPE!!!! I have never eaten food here. It has always been too late in the night for that. Plus, there was only one thing on our minds when we go. KARA-fucking-OKE!!! Well, I mostly am inebriated and Z and Dally want to sing. The people that run the jams remind me of the house band at the Dresden in Swingers. There is always this older dude there that insists on playing the bongos along to every song. Even if it doesn't fit. Inevitably we sing "Don't Stop Believin'", "Piano Man", and "Sweet Caroline". It will be a group of us guys and it is a good time had by all. One time I worked up the courage to sing a song with my buddy Z that didn't involve everyone at the bar. We did "Black" by Pearl Jam. I think it went well. It felt like it did anyway. I always have a blast when I am here. Save the time my ex-wife and the girl I was seeing at the time came within about 5 feet of each other. It felt like my head was going to explode. I think Garth Algar said it best,"Did you ever see that part in Scanners when that guys head exploded?" No amount of alcohol could have made me drunk that night.   You will see a very eclectic mix of people in here, but don't be scared.
3	Grapevine: because I have had one-out-of-three okay experiences here, I will give you a three star.. but I really feel like you are still a 2...I forgot what a mistake the nachos were. In fact, the bartender served them with chili, and when me and Mr. Gold kindly explained we are vegetarians and do not eat chili, he scoffed and gave us the worst case of stink eye I have ever experienced. I'm sorry, if I am paying nine god damned dollars for some nachos, they better be right.Granted it was a busy Saturday night, but the service was not good. It took forever to get a drink even though I was sitting at the bar. And again, that nasty douche bag of a waiter was such a prick. Ummm.. HELLO... I am buying shit from you and your freaking tip is going to depend on your attitude. The one completely redeeming thing about The Grapevine is that the karaoke is pretty awesome. Pretty much everyone back in the pit sings along, so it really becomes like one big group voice ringing out in the night.Let me give some of you a piece of advice, though... don't select songs that are downers that will make me want to slit my wrists. ESPECIALLY if you cannot sing. That is just NOT fair.
2	The food was good enough. The service was so slow I got irritated. I felt ignored by the hostess and waitress I will not be going back.
3	Where do I take my out of town guests who want to drink and watch other tourists drink and stare off the second story patio onto the milling crowd below? The Grapevine of course. The drinks were passable, the prices are tourist and the lavash is awesome. Lavash, that funny little unleaven bread makes a heavenly pizza with Delfino cheese. I highly suggest it. The drawback to the Grapevine is the service is what you would expect from the surly soft serve waiter at Dairy Queen and the prices are high. Reserve it for your older out of town guests, my inlaws loved it.
4	For the most part, the Grapevine has barely passable food.  HOWEVER thier cheeseburgers are absolutely DEVUBE.  Hand molded, tender, juicy and presented on a whole wheat bun with a dijon mayonnaise and a yummy side of fries.  It really is ridiculously good.   Also, thier patio rules!  It boasts a commanding view of Camelback and you can see the goings on on the street below.    It is great to go for lunch or sunset and If you are a sports fan, they have a few big screen tv's.
2	2.25 Stars rounded down.  Like when your pencil needs sharpened and it's not much more than a nubbin.  Rounded down.  #2 pencil.  Food was serviceable no more.  Nickel and dimeing going on too.There was some heavy duty karaoke action going on in the bar.  Does the word "wail" mean anything to you?  If it does do it with pride.Atmosphere with inside/outside seating is OK.  Plenty of misters as well as plenty of Mrs.
5	The grapevine, bitch.  Invariably, if I'm bombed in scottsdale or anywhere close, an overwhelming urge hits me to get over to the 'vine and hit up some karaoke, blasted into a microphone with an angry face but a heart full of love.Being the married chap that I am, I won't often be there, but if you see someone singing I'll Be There For You or Piano Man, know that it isn't all it could be unless Richard Z. is singing it, and throwing in his customary dash of Love (the secret ingredient).They have food? Sure, whatever.  By the time I get to the 'vine I am too sloshed to care about food and way too sloshed to stop drinking.  And any post-grapevine morning where I can wake up and remember all the songs that I sang is a failure in my book.
5	I would now like to write another review for the grapevine, and this applies only to the grapevine when I'm singing George Michael's I Want Your Sex. One billion stars.
4	The Grape Vine is one of the best venues in AZ to catch a Nathan S. show and believe me everyone should experience a Nathan S. show at some point in their lives. He is as talented and energetic a performer as the world has ever seen.I don't know what else goes on in this establishment but I do know that the karaoke here is tits or bitchin or whatever Scottsdale language is these days for neat-o. The song selection is fantastic, the crowd is awesome and most importantly they have a stage! I am a little bit of a performance god (see ham) and love a good karaoke stage. Watch me people, envy me, let me get you off! I am a golden God!!!Ahem...The patio is awesome and large. The drinks could stand to be cheaper for this type of bar but I guess when you drop it in the neighborhood that it is dropped in you have to do as the Romans (See vomitorium).P.S. I am hungover and haven't a goddamned clue what most of this review means.
5	people eat at the grapevine?the only people i know go to the grapevine for karaoke and drinks.the "host" with his fiddle is priceless.  it's especially great when you don't even know it's coming and he just joins in your song!this place is great - the people watching is amazing ... especiially mr. dancing queen (he shows up late!)highly recommended ... just dont take our table! :)
4	I came here with a group of Eliters after Thursdays OYE.. what better way to get to know a new group of people than through Karaoke? You find out whose shy, whose got shitty taste in music, whose heart is broken, whose the attention whore, and whose that fucking guy in the corner anyway? We were all previously sauced up, so why stop now? You have to be saucy for Karaoke. Drinks all around. We were also all full.. so no one ate anything, so I have no idea what the food is like, but apparently its good shit.All I can say is that there was a rockin' selection of tunes to choose from, an eclectic mix of people, adequate seating, full bar, and BONGOS. Fyes. I can assure you I made an ass out of myself, multiple times, but hey.. I had a damn good time doing it. Totally recommend this spot for you to do the same.
3	I have two opinions of this place-it got a LOT better as the night went on. Not sure if it was the drinks...wine seems to make everything better doesn't it? We got there really early, like 8:00, to get a table for our large group for the evening, and the place was packed with Karaoke "regulars". When I say regulars, I mean these are the folks that probably would try out for American Idol if they weren't about 30 years too old for the show. Seriously amazing voices and talent, but taking it a little TOO seriously. You know the types. I actually felt a little uncomfortable and out of place until I FINALLY got to since my first song. Our waitress was a total bitch and tried to short change my friend $10. We hadn't had THAT many drinks that we wouldn't have noticed $10 missing on a $3.00 beer. Fast forward to about 10:30 or 11. Many drinks have been had at this point and the regulars have thinned out. Crowd is pumped, singing along, dancing on stage and having a great time! The place is packed with people who just want to sing along, dance, and get a little crazy - not try to score a record deal! My type of crowd for sure. Moral of the story: If you are a super serious Karaoke starlet that feels you missed out on your record deal, go early, like 5pm and then please leave promply at 10. If you want to go and shake your ass, sing along to every song out there, and have a grand old time, hit it up after 10. Just don't expect to get a seat.
4	A karaoke bar on a Saturday night?! Get outta here! This place rocked. A little too packed though. The best way to describe the floor plan for this place is it's like an hour glass. It gets congested in the middle (where the bar starts and the drink prices are kinda pricey) so if you're trying to get from the front to the back, where all the action is, be a little patient; good things come to those who wait. There's also a nice patio for those people looking to get some fresh air or take a break from all the action. The karaoke host doesn't quite stick to the order in which your song request is submitted (some people sang twice before I got my ONE chance). All in all, it was a fun spot and most of the people there were cool; not what I had expected based on previous experiences I've had in that area. THUMBS UP FOR THAT! Oh yah, I also got to meet some fellow Yelpers there too who, which was the cherry on top! I'll definitely be found there again messing up more songs for public entertainment. nAcHo: Coming soon to a karaoke bar near you!!! ***Da Bafroom: 4 stars for the bafroom! WOO HOO!!! A delightful aroma streamed throughout this miniature suite adding to the already pleasant experience I was having. The interior design/decoration was up-to-date with tiled walls, 2 fancy new urinals and one bathroom stall for those looking to participate in "floor mounted porcelain activities". Bathroom soap was definitely Dial (TM) or an imitation Dial Liquid Soap which, for this place and it's location, I would have expected something more fancy and better smelling like Body Works soap or Bed Bath and Beyond stuff. OH, who am I now??? I'm nAcHo, the Yelp Bafroom Extraordinaire, that's who! Sorry, (compose yourself, compose yourself...) I guess I felt a little spoiled being in sucha nice restroom...
3	I don't really feel compelled to write to much about this place... only for the fact that i didn't have a terribly horrible time... but i didn't have the time of my life either.... i met up with some fellow yelpers which was the high light of the night of course :-)   ... but i was my own DD so no drinking for me... only lemon Water :) mmmm..... so good.... the bathrooms were very clean... but the toilets were so low i was practically sitting on the floor... and the stall door was so close it was about an inch from my knees... uncomfortable.... the last chick at the very end of the night had the mic last.... and she couldn't even keep up with the rap song SHE CHOSE.... so she apparently felt the need to start cursing at everyone else to sing it too... are you serious?? it completely lowered her from a lady to a tramp in 2 seconds... i was done... i would go again.... but i would definitely relocate by midnight....
4	If I was simply reviewing the service & food I would be at around 2 stars.....it's not that great.  But why 4 stars you ask? Karaoke my friend, if you haven't been to The Grapevine on a Saturday night for Karaoke you are missing out.  I thoroughly embarrassed my self last weekend and I suggest you do the same.
4	The drinks are cheap, so you can afford to have enough to make you sound good. The drinks are cheap, so you can afford to have enough to make other people sound good.I've heard the best rendition of RESPECT I will ever hear in my lifetime at The Grapevine.  It was sung by a straight man using a feminine voice and it was so bad it was good.  My friends sang a Spanish duet that I begged them not to sing and two people actually sang along!?  I thought that shiz was gonna bomb, but I was wrong.  You will probably be the last to sing if you are not a regular.  That would be me and so I always get screwed.  I end up singing "I Touch Myself" to my friends and the only other person in the room who's name hasn't been called.  If you do get the chance to sing at a peak time, drunk strangers will probably dance behind you on stage, some may even try to come up and sing along with you.  Someone will most certainly play the bongo drums in the corner, and that someone will most definitely not pay attention to the beat.Sounds fun, doesn't it?
3	Hmmm...what did I just stumble upon???As I am walking into the Grapevine, I am invited by a gorgeous and cozy patio. Only the smokers are mingling there, due to the cold. Nice...I shall join them soon.I enter and am all of a sudden in a small room, with two massive table things. Nothing but darkness and the sound of Elvis in the background. I was instantly confused. WTF is going on here?!?!As I creep around the bar, I discover the backroom - packed with people of all sorts, an energetic DJ lady and various tunes blasting out of the karaoke machine that my grandmother most likely swayed her hips too. Shall I be scared or embrace it? I embrace it and feel oddly at home.Since I don't have much of a singing voice, I opt for the other option: Liquor. I order the bloody mary, others order the margarita. Both were..meh. And pricy to be honest. The menu was huuuuge...talk about selection! The only thing missing from the menu, since it was all over the place, was Sushi. We order the chuck burger. Solid; as it should be for $7.50.The BIGGEST negative, that left me with a horrible aura, was the bartender. No personality, rude, and just nothing I want to encounter again. This drug the star count down.Ambiance: ADrinks: CFood: BService: FOverall: C+
3	A very nice spot to have a drink if you are sitting on the upstairs balcony over looking Old Town. Not now of course during this monsoon .... but when the sun comes back. The food is average but good enough for nibblies. I would not eat an entire meal here again as I thought it was a little bland. The staff are excellent - super friendly and fast even when they are overwhelmed with customers.
1	this place sucks.  i went on a friday and sat outside, as the people we were meeting are smokers,  i had to wave down a server, who had no enthusiasm, sense of urgency, character, or personality.  and instead of working she sat at a table near us and had her own smoke.  there are so many better places in old town than this hell hole.
4	Last nite, the whole family and I got together and went to the grapevine. It was my first time, and I will say that the service started out slow. That irritated me at first, but as the night went on I realized that it was kind of refeshing not to be in a rush.We ordered a few bottles of wine, and got a lavosh, sauteed chicken strips, and chili. The chili had a weird after taste to it, but the lavosh and the chicken strips were great! The lavosh was made with Dolfino cheese and Cajun chicken, which proved to be a great combination. I loved that the chicken was not dried out either :)After eating, my family and I joined in on some karaoke that was already going on...and we had a great time! There appears to be a set of regulars, which makes for a lively crew.
2	Grapevine loses a star for CENSORSHIP! A few of us hit them up after the Elite event tonight and they cut my song off because it had the F word in it. REALLY? Stopped it mid-song and asked me to pick another one.But then Richard Z was allowed to sing "I want your Sex", which is waaayyy dirtier (and he did a fab job BTW), and he didn't get cut off. What's the deal? If you don't want songs with bad words to be sung, then take them out of your songbook. Don't make a big deal about it and make me seem like a jerk because the song writer likes to drop the f-bomb.Don't bother with this place for Karaoke. 2 bad experiences makes this place low on my list and not worth the trip.
4	Had a great evening with some great friends on the upper deck, watching the sun set and sipping some great margaritas. Had a few things from the menu, nothing to write home about though. Will be back for some more of that great atmosphere real soon.
4	Regulars pull rank on the songs with the Mr Karoake dude running the show. But if you stick around, your song will come up eventually. They do need a better sound system. But hey, if you drink enough everyone sounds the same :) Generous pours and decent food.
5	I was shopping a little on my 30th birthday in Old Town and I decided here to stop here (Feb. 4th) for lunch. My husband was at the Double Tree down the street at a trade show so I figured I would try to enjoy my day. I ate by the bar and had a wonderful conversation with the restaurant's manager Rose. She had an outstanding personality and actually got me through this bittersweet day, as all my friends are back in RI and I was sort of having a lonely 30th. I had the roast beef sandwich with the au jous sauce, salad and fries. I also had a glass of riesling (my personal favorite). And as Rose and I were talking about the difficulties of relocation I mentioned it was my birthday- no not to get anything for free. But I was treated to another glass of wine on the house and a slice of cheesecake. She did tell me that she does not work on Saturdays- sorry to other Yelpers who had bad customer service- she did tell me about Karokee but my singing days are over. I would definitely go back for lunch again just because I was treated so well.
3	The grapevine has a WONDERFUL patio that gives a glimpse of the mountains, Old Town Scottsdale and the stars (at night, of course!). The service was okay--the hostess didn't quite make things clear about what was happening.The food was also okay. I had the taco salad (the chicken was wonderfully spicy, but the salad could have had more variety in it). My parents split the ribs, which they said were good, but didn't seem to have a deep flavor to them.
3	Awesome upstairs with an outdoor but feels like indoor bar.  Good food with an expansive menu.
3	The Grapevine is one of those places that you always randomly walk by and think "I've got to try this place out," but because of it's obscure, off-the-beaten-path location it's easy to forget.  I think one of the best parts about the Grapevine is the diverse realm of fun you can have.  Whether it's some day-drinking up on the patio for Spring Training, some racious karaoke with a distinctly more...experienced...crowd, or grabbing some pizza in a dimly lit dining area, The Grapevine is definitely not a bad place to stop.It's been a while since I've had the food here, but from what I remember it was pretty tastey and equally reasonable in terms of price.  Drinks are a little on the expensive side, but hey - that's Old Town!
2	Wanted to eat at a fancy place, but no time on a Saturday night.  Was disappointing to end up here with mediocre food and service.We were warned about karaoke night, but the singers were ok, so it was tolerable. Good place for lunch maybe, but not on a date..  At least not inside.  Maybe on a cooler night on the patio.
3	Older crowd. Was hella fun. Been 3 years since I've last been. Good times.
4	The husband and I had our first taste of karaoke here last night and I have to say, it was extremely entertaining. We didn't subject the poor people to our voices but those who chose to partake created a great atmosphere for us lurkers. Loved the fact that it was a bit of a dive, couldn't imagine a karaoke bar any other way. The drinks were made well and my glass was never left empty. The crowd was a total mixed bag and all very friendly. We will definitely be heading back.
4	I just had my birthday gathering at this fun and easy going bar. Our group was rather large and the staff put tables together to accommodate our group, we basically took over the whole patio and felt right at home. Our server was on top of things and kept the cocktails flowing, it ended up being a great night! Upstairs is chill and has a great patio for nice weather,  downstairs is awesome for those who like to karaoke. Its a great place to enjoy a night out with friends, its good for conversation as the music is never too loud. I highly recommend this place!
1	We've walked by this place many times and always said we should check it out sometime. So on a recent Friday night we did. On the way in an older gentleman stated "best food in Scottsdale because they have the same head chef for 40 yrs!" We were happy to hear this as we were hungry and ready for a good meal. The menu selections are all over the place. After gave our order and waited close to an hour, we noticed our waitress was just beginning to bring out the food for several tables of customers that were seated and already drinking when we first arrived. Another 10 minutes had gone by and we had not seen our waitress. We left the cash equivilent on our table for the two drinks we ordered and left. No one in the place noticed we left or even cared. Next time I hear someone say "Great food they've had the head chef for 40 years" I'll run the other way. All I can picture is this old cook shuffling at a snails pace through the kitchen. I don;t enjoy sitting for over an hour just to get my food. Will never recommend anyoone go to this place!
3	Had lunch here a couple of days ago.  Place was dead.  Only one other table had people at it.  Service was quick.  Reuben sandwich I ordered was delivered promptly.  Meat was tasty but not exactly plentiful (I'm used to a New York style Reuben - with loads of meat).  Potato salad that came with the sandwich was very good, a pleasant surprise.  Outdoor seating was nice, though the birds did get tiresome.  Place seemed clean.  Plenty of seats.  Upstairs deck area would be great in the evening.  Seems like it would be a much more fun place with a group of people for happy hour  or dinner than it was for lunch.  Bottom line - it was okay.  Not bad, not great.  I'd give it another try but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there again.
3	The last few times we have been here, we've sat upstairs at the bar.  Franco has always been our server so the last time we were there I asked him how long he had been working there - 35 years was the response.  Kudos Franco.We have tried many items on the menu.  The food is mediocre, but satisfying and flavorful.  The lavosh is incredible.  Stay away from the cajun chicken quesadilla (very messy and only cheez and chix) and the buffalo wings scared me a bit (not a fan of pulling apart pieces of chicken).  I would recommend the veggie lavosh or the cajun lavosh.  We have had the fruit plate (LOTS of fruit - great for a hot summer day), and various sandwiches.  The prices aren't too bad - the drinks are a little on the pricey side.  The other employees are generally friendly and helpful.  It's a great place for late night eats.
3	I am actually between a 3 and a 4 star rating here.  I've been to Grapevine several times, and have always had a pleasant dining experience.  The ambiance is cute but casual, they have extensive patio dining, and a second bar area upstairs (covered) with more patio tables available.  The food is pretty good, and portion sizes are generous.  My favorite is the French Dip sandwich....it's simple, and tastes delicious.  What I am not as much a fan of is the Karaoke scene at night.  I actually LOVE karaoke, and the first time I went here I was excited to get up in front of an energetic audience and blast my way through some 80's pop song or another.  But apparently there are politics involved at The Grapevine when you want to sing.  The karaoke mistress runs the show with an iron fist, and only allows those that pay a small mortgage the opportunity to show their stuff.  Even if some drunkard has commandiered the mic for the last three songs, if he's paid the piper he will continue to blow out your eardrums....regardless of how many other people are waiting for their chance.  Definitely not how most karaoke places are run, and I wasn't a fan of it.  I've been back a few times since, and have experienced the same thing with the same karoake lady, so I know it wasn't just a fluke.  Too bad, the place is nice, but for karaoke I'll probably head north to Ernies...
5	I LOVE this place! Great place to karaoke.  All age groups go there and they also have great food.  Lot's of memories made here...
3	This is my thrid return to Grapevine.  Visiting Scottsdale for business.  The main reason I patronize Grapevine is because of the outdoor seating/patio -  I really love it.  Meals I typicall order are at lunch, notably their french dip with cole slaw which is decent.  I had a new waitress who was a hit/miss but she was trying her best.  Reasonable prices.  Best time of the year to visit this area, sit and watch up on the patio tourists below checking out the shops.  They do have a full service bar here!
3	Place is a little dumpy, but it has a rooftop, and on a sunny day in March is not bad. The music selection is garbage, food wasn't bad.  I got just the chicken wings, pretty good (whole wings). The service leaves a lot to be desired.
1	This place is horrible! We were staying right around the corner from here and were starving after the Giants spring training game and decided to come here... one of the worst decisions ever! We came here at about 9:30pm on Saint Patrick's Day and all we wanted was some food. We got seated right away on the upstairs patio. Our waitress came over very quickly and asked what we wanted to drink, we ordered 2 waters and a beer.... it took 20 damn minutes to get JUST our waters!!!!! 10 minutes after that the SINGLE beer my dad ordered came. Our waitress came back at about 10:15 (45 minutes after we sat down) to take our order. I ordered Chicken Strips and my dad ordered a Caesar salad... could not be an easier order, right???? WRONG! It was almost 11 o'clock before our food came! My fries were cold, my chicken strips were gross and frozen pieces of crap thrown in to a deep fryer and tossed on my plate. My dad's salad was just as disappointing.I understand it was Saint Patrick's Day and the service might have been a little bit slower because of the crowd. But my waitress did not even wait on the people in the bar nor did they serve food in the bar so the sucky-ness and slowness had nothing to do with that! This place sucks A$$!
2	Five star convenient location and nice upstairs patio. This place was so in need of a deep clean. It was seriously dirty from the menus, the floor to the tables. I felt dirty just eating there. Also because its a patio people were smoking all around us, which is good to know if you are eating here. Not a big deal to me, but it could bother some people. Not sure if its cause Spring Training was going on so they were busier, but the whole experience was really slow. When we did get the food the serving sizes could not have been bigger! Good to know when you are ordering, since we didn't and had about 1/2 the food left over after we ate. I would only come back here to drink or be in the sun on the convenient patio area.
1	Save yourself an unpleasant eating and drinking experience and avoid this place.My partner and I ordered the french dip sandwiches - they arrived dry and plain.  Our drink order took at least 20 minutes to arrive even though there were only a few tables with customers.  The drinks seemed watery.We sat on a warm afternoon without having our waters replenished once.There are too many negatives to even consider giving this place a second chance.
4	My husband, two year son and I just started going here and really like it. They have cheap happy hour appetizers but do not reduce the portions,. Their wings are huge! The staff has always been friendly and the service very decent. The menu offers your usual American food but, again, the portions are larger than a lot of other place. We want to come for karaoke but need a babysitter. One of these days....Check it out.
1	Service was quite bad.  Had to ask for a glass for my beer, and shrimp cocktail was served to me without the usual crackers and a fork..Asked several times but had to go to kitchen to get my own fork and crackers.  Very loud atmosphere.  Filled with people who "tried" to sing.  I do not appreciate listening to people singing off key.  Was quite grating to the ears.  If you are that bad then stay home and sing in your bathroom and do not subject others to these obnoxious sounds.  More of a cowboy saloon type of establishment.  Does not fit into the Scottsfale scene at all.  More of a type of place you would find in the Southwest valley. They need to change this place into a more upscale place so that people will want to go here.  GET RID OF THE KARAOKE!!!!!
4	their chicken strips are not fried and are healthy.their shrimp cocktail offered large, delicious shrimps.happy hr prices are $4.50 for apps and $4 margaritas.the blonde waitress that works downstairs in the afternoons is very professional and amiable.
2	Took forever to sing one song. Was not a regular, but dang.
1	I have eaten at this restaurant numerours times over the years. Tonight was my last meal. The food quality was poor, it reminded me of a meal that you would get at Denny's. The service experience was lacking.When i spend 40.00 for two people. I expect the food not to taste like it came out of can. This restaurant needs new management.
3	Grapevine is one of the only karaoke bars within a many, many mile radius. Because of this, Grapevine gets an A-OK because this bar can offer a good time if you go in the right mindset. The right mindset is when you're ready to belt it out with the "best of them" aka, a combination of elderly people and really drunk young people. I would really only ever go to the Grapevine for karaoke. I've eaten here a couple of times and the food is par. The venue itself is older, a little warn down and in need of some TLC. However, the clientele probably doesn't case because again, most people visit the Grapevine after several cocktails in order to live out their dreams of being on America Idol. Be warned that the while the Grapevine itself is spacious with a decently sized second floor deck, the karaoke is inside and it can get very cramped. There are only a handful of tables inside and on a night and especially a weekend night, it will be very crowded and will most likely take a little bit of time to get a drink and sing. The old timers who are regulars here take their singing very seriously so don't even think about cutting in front of them! :)
1	if you are a non smoker you will not want to be on the bottom floor, they smoke right outside the door on the patio with the door open, the staff & smoker patrons will not let you keep the door closed & if you try  you will be verbally assaulted. You are forced to breathe their carcinogens. . The staff is very unfriendly they act like they hate their jobs even when you tip well..
1	I will not return to The Grapevine.  We went on a fairly busy Sunday afternoon and the staff was not up to the challenge.  The hostess disappeared for several minutes at a time, leaving many people wondering who to speak to, what to do, or whether they should seat themselves.  When we did get seated, the waitress was even more clueless.  She didn't show up for several minutes, then took a drink order and disappeared indefinitely.  Every time she did anything she was gone for an inordinate amount of time before returning.  This became especially annoying when she gave each of our party of three drink refills one at a time. When the food finally arrived, it was no longer warm, so whatever she had been doing she allowed our food to sit for awhile before she brought it.  Bottom line: the staff had no idea what they were doing and were extremely slow in doing anything.  I now see that this slow service runs through all the Yelp reviews.  Now the food: not horrible, but below average.  Definitely not worth the wait.  The menu spans lavosh, mexican, burgers and gyros.  Too broad a choice for most chefs, and this one was no different.  The chips and salsa were good, and the chips homemade, but that was the extent of it. The rest of the food was very mediocre and room temperature.  There are many good places in the Old Town Scottsdale area, and The Grapevine just doesn't measure up.  You can get better service and better food at many other places in that area.  (As a trivial aside, an example of how clueless the staff was is that on a Sunday afternoon, they had the bar TVs on bowling.  Yes, Bowling!!)
5	Always I have found a good time here! Downstairs they have 'Cowboy Karaoke' the local old timers singing old time hits... And you know what? It's always entertaining. I've met and had great conversations with the bar patrons. Been upstairs with the tiki torches going on cool evenings with the younger crowd too. Something for everyone at The Vine. One time really drunk I looked over an saw Elvis enjoying himself here as well. Well bourbon in a short glass with coke, nice price, very reasonable so I'll stay for another, and maybe get a bite to eat. Here you will find the real old west of scottsdale, that you've been looking for
1	Came here for lunch on a weekday.  No karaoke was going on, so there was NO REASON to come here!  The service was absolutely terrible.  We spent over 90 minutes, most of it waiting for service, the bill, and for the waitress to pick up the bill.  I gave up on using a credit card and used cash instead so we could get out of there!.  I had a bowl of chili, my wife had a salad and Mom had soup and a wrap.  Although the food was not terrible, it was nothing special and, combined with the lousy service, we were very disappointed.  UNLESS YOU WANT TO DO KARAOKE AT NIGHT, DO NOT EAT HERE.
4	No matter what hour of the day, day of the week, or time of the year - the Grapevine is a must visit kind of place for locals and tourists alike!  The patio upstairs is fantastic for hanging out with your family or friends, grabbing a bite to eat, and relaxing and enjoying the sunshine.  The bar upstairs has TVs, so you'll be able to catch whatever game you are trying to see. For happy hour and on into the night, you can stay and rock out to the karaoke. The people here aren't messing around!   You'll get a little bit of everything from Elvis to Dixie Chicks to Sir Mix a Lot.   Where could you find that kind of entertainment all in one place?!
1	Blech.  My boyfriend and I decided to come here the other afternoon on a whim on the way to a different Yelp acclaimed restaurant.  We saw this restaurant and there were a lot of people on the patio and it looked nice from the outside so we came here instead- big mistake. The service was awful- extreeeemmeeely slow.  I ordered a water and he ordered a root beer that came in a bottle.  It took forever to come out and I never once got a refill and she never asked if he wanted another drink.  The patio was not overly crowded so I'm not sure what the problem was.  The food took a long time after that and had no great redeeming qualities either.   It wasn't terrible, but definitely not fresh or spectacular in any way.  The chili or whatever was on my taco salad was down right gross. Basically, a mediocre restaurant, with mediocre food, and not somewhere I'd ever want to come back to.
2	For a place called "Grapevine" I'd expect the wine menu to be at least decent.  I have gone to this place several times for food, drinks AND karaoke - I enjoy the view from the upstairs patio (I highly recommend sitting there).  I must admit that service every time I dine, is slow at best.  It wasn't just me though, this last time I watched the frustration of another table with a different server.   I think the location is fantastic and the building itself is great!  I would do an overhaul on the menus (drink, wine and food) and concentrate on the quality of food being served and food presentation.  I'm sure this place isn't hurting but I know it has some real potential to be AMAZING.  As it stands, it's only ok at best.
2	Just went here for dinner on a Saturday night,The food,atmosphere and building are prity excellent.My only complaints would be that although it was not at all ''packed'' in the bar area the bartenders seemed completely overwhelmed and actually got a bit irate with me when i ordered a Mojito,Scottsdale is usually the place to get well made cocktails by competent mixologists Isnt the point to sell the more expensive drinks not just the happy hour bud lights?!?! ,Also my wife and I are both 31 and were by at least 15 years the youngest people in the room,,Fix the service and staff issues this would be the best spot in old town.
3	Good lahvosh, nice patio and service was wonderful. The Southern Desert Cooler is a great summertime beverage!
3	I ordered chicken Cajun strips- good tasteNew York and shrimp plate- very goodService- I will give them 5 out of 10 - bartender was yelling at her cellphone fighting with her boyfriend? Using the F word in front of clients. She also fought with a co worker, not very nice. Drinks were ok, but if I go back it would be only for the terrace and the karaoke. Order bottled beer, drinks are watery.
4	Boyfriend and I from SoCal stumbled across this nice lunch eatery while in town for a wedding. Known for its cajun chicken and pizza served on crackers as opposed to dough and pasta sauce. We got the cajun strip sandwich and the original pizza. Both were very delicious!! Service was great too!! We had just returned from a hike and our server refilled our drinks at least 4 times without us asking. Seats on the patio allows you to take in the wonderful Old Town Scottsdale and warm weather.
2	The restaurant part & upstairs area looked cute. You can come here to watch people karaoke while sipping on some drinks.
4	That last star is what I'm calling "The Beard Bump." I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt (non-drinker here, so beverage-wise I don't really have a measuring stick) because I was pretty wowed by the KJ's beard. A silver chinstrap appropriate for a man of his karaoke stature.That's what this place was all about. Karaoke. Not ambiance, not food, not drinks (see parenthetical note above) but pure, sing-your-heart-out screeching goodness.When we arrived it was old school obscure songs by the regulars. People who had made bad decisions in their lives but were still clinging to the microphone of hope. Quite unamused by our crowd, they soon cleared out and we darn near had our own private karaoke room, save for the fellow in the Simpsons t-shirt and the ladies who were hooked on singing and may have walked the streets to find The Grapevine.Loud songs. Country. Inappropriate lyrics and gyrations. And it was all under the watchful whiskers of that magnificent white beard.
3	I LOVE karaoke & I would NOT be offended if you called me a "karaoke whore." I sing in the shower, I sing at the grocery store, I WAIL in the car, I LOVE to sing! So when my Yelp-mates decided to visit the Grapevine, I was allllllll inPlease know that the Grapevine is a dive and people here sing a ton of country music. They've got a guy who runs the karaoke and sits in a small booth in the corner of the main bar. You'll be able up select from two books, one by artist & one by song title. The song selection was decent but certainly not the best I've ever seen. The crowd is on average in their 40s-50s but if you're younger it's waaay more fun if you go there with your friends. The sound in the bar is a bit off balance but the Grapevine offers a fun time!!31 Yelps Challenge: #3/31
3	I knew our karaoke night was going sideways when the bearded KJ called the guys in our party up to the stage to sing a song that he had thoughtfully selected for us. It was Short Dick Man by Salt n' Peppa. Not only did we sing the song, but as we were singing the KJ went to town on his harmonica, playing along and jamming out throughout the whole song. It was surreal. Even more surreal than the scene itself - a collection of older folks singing country and standards, dive-bar drinks and atmosphere, and some bongos in the corner. And stiff, not all that cheap drinks. Needless to say, the more drinks you have, the more fun you'll have here.
3	This place is such a dive that it's awesome. I was in town with some coworkers for a summit and whenever we get together someone always mentions karaoke. Looking on the Yelp app for nearby bars or places to find such an activity, The Grapevine was at the top of our list.Sure, it's not a well lit, clean or fancy bar in any way. And service is a bit slow, yet friendly. But the atmosphere, the clientele and the karaoke host  were absolutely bad ass. The crowd was a mix of people above 50 and people around 25-30. So every other song was unfamiliar to half of the bar and every other song was either terrible (in a good way) or totally awesome. I had an absolute blast. While dive bars and karaoke are not typically my style, if I find myself back in Scottsdale for another work function, I certainly won't turn down a chance to come back to The Grapevine. A-OK in my book!
4	Part of me wants to give The Grapevine 5 stars because I thought it was awesome. Just consider this...- At several points throughout the night our group was the only group of people in the place other than the KJ and bartenders. When this happened the KJ picked songs for us and made us sing them. Songs like I Like Big Butts or Short Dick Man- The KJ joined several songs in accompaniment on the harmonica.- It's a dive bar with karaoke!- At one point the bartender was making me a drink and singing a karaoke song herself.But, the truth is a 5 star rating might not be entirely fair. Because it is dirty and dim (as a dive bar should be). And personally I think they'd rather have their regulars in here than too many new, hipster-y folks indulging in the irony of singing a Salt-n-Pepa song while the older KJ plays along on his harmonica. And also, the place puts a hurting on your pocket book considering what kind of dive it is. I haven't seen prices this high in a karaoke joint since I last lived in SF. Ouch.
3	100% dive bar located in Old Town Scottsdale. Who ever thought of that one is one smart cat. Provide the classic dive atmosphere with dim lighting, stiff drinks and KARAOKE, while charging Scottsdale pricing. By far one of the funnest Karaoke bars I've been to besides the Lamplighter in San Diego. It's funny to walk into a place like this in Old Town to find a mixed crowd of people ranging from 25 years of age to probably 60! I'd say the highlights of this place were the KJ, who had our group in stitches all night. He has us singing songs like "I Like Big Butts and Short Dick Man,"  and the bongos on the stage. I can't speak to the menu since we didn't eat there, but it looked like standard/average bar fare. I had a blast and I you will too!
5	Grapevine has the best Karaoke system in Arizona and it runs EVERY night after 5pm. They have another cute bar upstairs that's covered but open-air and allows for smoking and conversation. They also have a huge upstairs patio for dining which tends to be very popular during the winter months. Grapevine is a fun place to hang out - not a culinary adventure. While the food is decent it certainly wont impress Yelpers. However, the atmosphere in general, the staff, and the late night Karaoke are perfect.
5	Wow! What a great place! Picked Grapevine for the upper deck on a cool day. Get the lohvosh Cajun chic with onions!!!! Holy crap!
2	We just stopped in for a drink, went upstairs to the middle bar, which is covered but people still smoke. There was a distinct smell of vomit along with the cloud of smoke - and people were still eating there! The bartender was friendly and the drinks were fine but the place just seemed dirty and run-down. They do have tons of room and there's even karaoke downstairs.
2	The surly older waitress was a huge bummer.  I realize we weren't all arriving at the same time or leaving at the same time, but we were drinking cocktails in the middle of the day on a week day.  Wouldn't most waitresses see that as a great way to get a bigger tip?  Come by more often, bring more expensive alcoholic drinks, offer to take food orders every now and then to keep us there and drinking longer, and for GODS sake, pretend to be nice.  Seriously - she was awful.  It was clear that she couldn't have cared less that we were there.  And the food was sub par.  My turkey club was a wrap with some turkey, bacon, and lettuce in it.  The cheese was melted on top to make it look like it was a burrito, and there was some canned salsa on the side, for about $11.  No fries or chips or fruit....really?  Some of the reviews make it sound like the dive bar to go to at night....I love dive bars so maybe I'd try it again, but that's a big maybe.
3	I've only ever sat outside at The Grapevine so I'm not reviewing the apparently dark divey inside bar.    We had a great time.  I never had Lavosh before I tried it at The Grapevine and my eyes have been opened! (It's amazing - if you've never had it, it's basically cracker-pizza, except fancier.)  If it weren't such a drive to Scottsdale I think we'd come here more often.
3	Dive bar, but the rooftop patio saves it. Food was moderate. I had the Caesar salad and thought it was very good for the price.
2	We went there for Valentine's Day and unfortunately the whole thing was a mess.  We didn't have a server acknowledge us for about 15 minutes.  Once she did, it took another 15 or so minutes to get chips and salsa.  It was then another lengthy wait to bet our food.  Unfortunately, the meal I ordered (taco salad) was underwhelming and generic, so it didn't make up for the service.Maybe they were not prepared to be busy, but I would have appreciated a more attentive server and better food.
2	This is a fairly large restaurant, as it has a dive bar inside, a downstairs patio area, and an upstairs bar and rooftop seating.  It's unfortunate that the food and service were sub-standard.  I'm not sure if it was our group of 12 that made the service lacking, but it wasn't busy at all for a Wednesday night and the service was rather slow.  The food was lacking as well.  The hummus was okay - flavor wasn't as potent as typical hummus.Prices are fair, but this place is probably one of the worse dining venues in Old Town Scottsdale.  The other one would be Italian Grotto.
3	PACKED on Friday nights!Decent drinks; the well 'rita was pretty good.Our initial intent was to sing karaoke, but we had a large group and there just wasn't room.  So we enjoyed the downstairs open-air room.
2	Location is great but Service was just ok. Food ..eeh. Had the  cajun - pizza looking deal and it was not spicy AT ALL.  Sat upstairs in patio, group of older women directly next us started smoking - not cool -Plus it is just too tight of an outdoor/upstairs dining patio to allow smoking. Ya not impressed, many other places in same location w/ better ambiance.
4	Dinner and drinks on the upstairs balcony.  Great misters to combat the desert heat.  Good food and drinks but just a tad pricy for the portions.
4	Grapevine is a fun karaoke bar, and the only karaoke bar in Old Town as far as I know. I've had a lot of fun nights here. It's a great place to go for a birthday. It's tiny inside though so you may not get a table and even if you do you are in pretty close quarters. I've never eaten there but it's always packed upstairs on their patio during the weekends so my guess is that it's good. They have a good downstairs patio too. I prefer to go here once it's already dark outside, I just feel like it's that kinda place. It's pretty old school. Another fun perk is that a lot of wedding parties will come here (it seems like from out of town) and get wasted and fight and cause a bunch of chaos. That has been the case on NUMEROUS occasions and has always been entertaining. Probably not to the best man who got kicked out of the wedding the night before at the Grapevine, but it was for the rest of us. Also something kind of funny is that we went for a friend of mine's birthday one time and I signed her up for "in da club" by 50 cent ...obviously because it was her birthday. The staff like cut her off mid song because it was inappropriate or something. It was awkward, hilarious, and really friggen weird considering they had it in the book and I've heard people sing way worse there... Also I hope none of you have had to witness my terrible rendition of Fiona Apple.
5	Awesome food, great karaoke environment awesome place. Cheesecake is bomb!
4	Talk about Karaoke dive bar, amiright?This Scottsdale beauty is the essence of a Karaoke dive bar complete with tacky decorations and lonely souls. They even have someone who will wait on you! Fancy pantsy. At no point did I regret the decision of coming here and I would totally return. It's nothing fancy and does it's job well! I'm in.
4	The main attraction at The Grapevine is their old skool, no frills karaoke bar. No private rooms or bottle service, what you see trending today. It's one stage, two screens, a piano player - who also whips out the harmonica - and tunes. I rec a weeknight visit when all the neighborhood locals take over the bar. We were told weekends the place is packed and can get a bit fratty. Drinks are cheap. Service is fast and they have a very clean ladies room!
3	How 'bout the KJ and those harmonica skills, y'all? The karaoke area was teeny tiny, and clearly us amateurs (besides Kelly S, of course) were cramping the style of some more serious singers. There were some folks you could tell are anxiously waiting for The Voice auditions to roll through Scottsdale.I liked that they would still serve you outside of the main bar area, because what a pain for me to get up and walk the five steps to the bar. Seriously, it was a nice treat, and our girl took great care of us despite how rowdy we were. Also, the restrooms were pristine!
3	My girlfriend and I went here for our anniversary. It was a nice, casual experience. Two floor seating, we went on a Saturday evening when the top floor was packed so we opted to sit downstairs. The waitress was friendly and I felt like we received good service. As an appetizer we had potato skins, which we received quickly and were tasty. I was hungry that night so I ordered two gyro plates. I enjoyed my meal but they were nothing special, just standard gyros. My girlfriend on the other hand did not  enjoy her meal. She had fettuccini with shrimp. The pasta was undercooked and the shrimp still had tails on them. While this isn't necessarily a bad thing, it definitely took away from the atmosphere by having to pull shrimp tails off before being able to eat. Overall, I enjoyed my experience. I would not get a pasta dish or anything with shrimp there again, though.
4	From the perspective of a karaoke aficionado:I was there on a Friday during spring training. Karaoke started at 5, which is earlier than most places, and not too busy. Later it got packed and there didn't appear to be a structured singer rotation, but if you seemed to be skipped, you could remind the KJ and he was cool. Only problem I had is that I was unaware that if paying with credit card/bank card they automatically hold $50 in addition to your bill, which will be credited back later, (in my case it was 5 days later) just sucks if you're not expecting it. I would definitely come back next time I'm in Scottsdale. Karaoke was  fun, food was good, waitress and bartenders were attentive even when it was packed, I would just bring cash.There were kids here earlier, not sure when or if it's a strict 21 and over policy.
2	Here for karaoke. The server couldnt care less about her section...the decor here is dusty and old, makes me fearful to even order food.
3	Nice outdoor patio bar. Good prices. Conveniently located in Old Town Scottsdale. Easy access from the Hilton Garden Inn.
2	I was in Scottsdale with my local family looking for a place yhat 10 people can all find something they all would like we found Grapevine in old town, nice patio not to busy for a Saturday afternoon.  After we got sat, drink order placed the wait began. From yhe time the waitress took our order to the time the first plate arrived was 45min.Now we are talking grilled cheese, chix tenders, club sand, quesidilla, 3 other cold sandwich and a couple burgers. All the food came out cold. The grease from the quesidilla was so bad thst the tortilla coouldnt even hold the filling. Grilled cheese that wasnt melted. Soggy bread on all the sandwiches.  Under cooked chix wings. This place was so bad we asked to speack with the manager who kindly comped the entire meal gave us excuse after excuse why the service was bad and food not cooked well. My advise your better off going to Dennys.
4	The Grilled Mahi Mahi was really good and beers were cold so thats 4 stars in my book.   However, the mixed drinks are not the best so plan on spending some dough to get a buzz if thats what you're drinking.  Crowd is a little rough/old so the other reviews are pretty accurate.
2	Wow! Came here with family on a Monday night.  We sat on the patio and the view was great. . However that is where all the good ends.  We were a party of four and two kids and between us we ordered 4 meals.  We got two meals delivered and then nothing, the server just left.  Then, we got another meal, again with no explanation about where the last meal was.  After a few minutes of waiting,  the server stormed by in a rush to tell us that the flatbread was made incorrectly and that's what we were waiting on.  Meanwhile, I started to nibble on my chicken taco salad. ...and it was awful.  It was like canned chili meat thrown on  some spinach and  lettuce with an unappetizing blob of sour cream.  Missing the black olives the menu promised me, I thought I would ask for them.  When I did, the server literally turned and walked away from me before the sentence was out of my mouth.  Finally the flatbread came out, but it wasn't the made the way it was ordered.  When this was pointed out, the server actually said, well I didn't  hear you say that and whirled around with the food with no further explanation.  When it did  come back, the mushrooms had just been scraped off, which was not okay.  When told this, the server said, well what do you want me to do about it? When I tried to  speak to the manager, the server interrupted and said you can tell me.  When I started to explain why we were unhappy, she tried to make excuses about her other 3 tables she had to serve and finally cut me off saying I'll just get you another server and walked away.  I did explain the situation to the "night manager" and she comped the terrible food and gave us a piece of cake.  Plus we did get a new server, who did much better.Overall, not a great experience and we won't be back.
4	Mojitos.
5	Out here for Spring Training and it has amazing food and a great atmosphere. There's a really nice outdoor sitting area during the day and for food, I would definitely recommend the Lahvosh, it is amazing! Sandwiches are really good, too! Haven't seen the night life here, but it's a great place during the day for food and drinks.
2	Not great, mostly due to the service.  The upstairs space is mostly a bar, apparently has karaoke in the evenings.  I went for lunch, and sat downstairs which was under the balcony, and shady, but kind of dark and claustrophobic.  The greeter was a teenage kid who basically grunted at me when I walked in, "upstairs or down?"  The table was not wiped, and had crusty dried food spots on it.  The server was surly, no smile, no thank you.  Kind of afraid of the menu that was kind of all over the map, so I got the burger with cheese and bacon.  My iced tea took 10 mins to come, and the burger another 15 mins.  It was plopped down in front of me with no words, and the server walked away, so I had to get up to ask for condiments.  The burger itself came with shredded lettuce and tomato already on it, so you couldn't really disassemble it, but I managed to scrape off the lettuce, which I didn't want.  Other than that, not a bad burger, thick and handmade, with a good toasted bun.  They had a radio station playing over speakers which was either poorly tuned or not local, as it was very staticky and annoying.  As good burgers aren't hard to find in Old Town, I won't be back.
2	On a Sunday afternoon we happened to run into my in-laws in old town, so we decided to find a place to sit down and grab drinks and possibly appetizers.  When we walked in the hostess was hesitant on seating us on the roof if we weren't going to eat. We said we weren't sure yet. It wasn't like it was full - there was perhaps 2 tables seated up there. So she finally sat us up there and we might have ordered food except service was so slow.  I don't think we'll return.
5	Great karaoke spot. Little area that can get high energy real quick. I'd love to come for the food sometime but honestly can't offer a review on that. It's a good starter place for a good night out, if not for the whole night.
3	Very nice patio upstairs, great place to sit back have a drink and dinner watch the sun set. The bar is a little loud so just make sure you re prepared, they had music as well playing so a conversation at the table might be a little hard. so the food is tasty, the blacken' blue burger was a hand pressed patty of meat not your frozen perfect shaped patty which i hate. The fries were just fries nothing special that i could tell, i've also tried the Mahi Mahi sandwich which was also good. If you find yourself here in the cooler months of the year you'll love the patio and find it hard to want to leave. The service was a little slow but i'm typically a little more tolerable than most when it comes to slowness.
2	Don't come here before 10 pm on a Friday night unless you want to listen to old ladies singing oldies songs. We were a fun group that stopped in at 8:30ish to listen to some karaoke, and it was a disaster. A bunch of blue hairs reliving their glory days and terrorizing the ears of everyone in the restaurant. I'll come back here when I'm 60. The service was also pretty bad, I remember looking back to find out server and just saw her sitting at the bar top doing nothing. On a Friday night in a bar? Really lady?
2	Hopefully they like your song choices or else you will buy drinks while waiting to get your name called.. The table next to us got here after us and submitted their song choices after us and got to perform before us.  Geisha Go Go is better and you'll spend the same amount and actually get to sing!
3	I have looked at this place many times. Decided to drop in. Their main draw is karaoke at 5, happy hour at 7. Just so you know.  Pros:beer was cold. Good selection of brews. Service was friendly and pretty attentive.  They serve "Armenian Pizza" here, which is similar to the thin crust at Oregano's. As expected, I tried the wings, they have multiple "ways" here. We ordered Ray's Double Fried, in which they fry them after the sauce. Cools the heat down a bit but also the flavor. Second order was regular Buffalo style hot wings.  Kind of tough and dry. Don't need to have them again. The verdict? Good place for karaoke buffs and drinkers. I won't be back for the food. And remember, alcohol makes everyone a "Karaoke Star".
4	Great veggie sandwich  and great fries. The cheese cake is amazing and they have a great little bar inside. Service was great and the owner is amazing
1	Horrible place to karaoke and food.. Don't waste your time.. I am from nashville tn and you don't treat people like this... You do not put numerous songs into sing and in a 3 hr period you get to sing 2 songs.  Period .. When the place is DEAD.. Oh and he asks for TIPs?? Lol tips for what.. Lame... The place was not packed and was suppose to be the BEST karaoke place in Phoenix per the new times.  What a joke .  The guy who is the hostess was asked an hour into his kareoke why he wasn't putting in the songs.... And he lied stating we were entered... No we weren't .. Another 90 mins and nothing.. Don't believed the New Times and it's reviews... By the time we left after 3 hours the places was dead.   No fun. You may have a better chance of singing if you show up with a tambourine so you can play with the harmonica playing karaoke host with his washboard as his second instrument.  Hillbilly bong a bong bong... Spend your time and $$ elsewhere.
4	I was on vacation and wanted to look for a place that had a decent fish sandwich (I had a craving...sue me!). I looked on several sites and they all stated that this place had a "catfish sandwich to die for". Hmm, we'll see about that. Since this was close to the place I was staying, I decided to give this pace a visit for lunch.Thankfully, I stopped by during an early lunch hour and there wasn't too much of a crowd. Seated myself in the outdoor patio. I knew what to order so I gave that info to the waitress. The sandwich did live up to its name. It wasn't too flaky; nice texture and I liked the ciabatta roll that came with it. The slaw and salad that came with it were pretty standard but I didn't expect too much. Service was excellent, time to table was great. Didn't experience the full ambiance but nevertheless I was satisfied with my experience. Will come back the next time I fly out here!
3	I was out of town on a Wednesday night and heard through the grapevine (sorry, i had to) that The Grapevine was a great place for Karaoke. It was, IMO, OK. The Bads: The songs are rather old. Not a problem because I'm a Karaoke geek and have a flash drive with new stuff on it. They can't use a flash drive. You have to bring a CD!?!? Who carries those? The singers were a balanced mix of singers, non-singers, and drunks trying to mumble something on the mic. If you want to pop out a song or two and you don't know someone there, you may get passed up in the rotation, on occasion. The sound system was outdated and scratchy. The Good: You can sing starting at 5. Thats good if you want to hit it right after work. The server, Sarah (I believe), was cool. She brought us plenty of drinks. That's probably  because our party of 4 was hitting the Fireball and Crown like they were the last 2 bottles on earth. The pours were heavy, too, which is great for us, but probably hurts their bottom line. The pour may take me back of I'm in the area, so it could be good in the long run.  All in all, I would give them a 3.5 if I could, but would label it a dive bar you can get drunk at and sing a song as an afterthought,  not the other way around. See my review on Ernie's, as well. It's about 15 minutes away from the Grapevine,  and worth the drive because of the awesome food,  excellent selection of songs and sound system, and real singers.
1	You didn't hear it through the grapevine...you heard it straight from the horses mouth. DO NOT GO HERE FOR KARAOKE. Go for people watching if anything. I should've known when I called ahead. The sweet girl on the phone gave us directions. All of my friends were adamant about other places and I was rooting for the nice bartender and the possibility of a song.When we arrived the place was packed! Yet she still knew I was the one who called (very Children of the Corn). I immediately (at 8:15) put 2 songs in. I said you can just pick one if it fits your line-up. Hoping they'd call me and then one of the 4 people I strung along would add a song in.This did not happen. While we each had 3-4 drinks (and 14 songs played), yes, I counted them. Not one persons name was EVER called. It was like a 2-disc CD was playing and they already knew who was next. If you are new and you are going here to sing. Wait to be disappointed. It's so weird. Not like a cool dive bar weird, but like a scripted twilight zone that you will never be a part of weird. This bar doesn't need you. They have a following that will always be there. Lesbian softball chicks, older divorcees, old country dudes, and those women who debated on wearing their scrunchees, that dude with dreads that sings the lamest song from the 50s soda shop...amongst others. And you will still wait. But the CRAZIEST thing is that a name will never be called out. It's like a 3-disc set is playing. Before you know it someone else has the mic in their hand, because it's "their turn". I heard a woman singing Jeff Buckleys "hallelujah", which isn't a very popular song. But once I saw every demographic in the place singing it word for word, I knew. This wasn't a place to be reckoned with. You don't see a 60 year old man singing that song, unless they sing it so much you learn it! And that's what happens. It's a CD on rotation.AND YOU DONT PLAY A PART. Go somewhere else.14 songs, and you're not going to get called. My friend said to me jokingly, "go sit on Santas lap and ask for your song." Not that I would have. But it was humorous. Regardless of naught or nice, Santa will only play that song if he knows you've been coming there for years. Less work. Lazy DJ. But they don't need you, so don't go.
3	Mediocre food.The service was attentive and the misters were appreciated, but seriously ...the food was whatever.Tortilla soup was bland. They tried to get creative and made pizza with lavash (a bread that Middle Easterners typically use to wrap vegetables/meat and/or eat with spread) but it was a fail. The cheese was too heavy and the toppings were cold on top which made for an unpleasant sensation. Also it was difficult to eat; the lavash just kept breaking apart.Will not be returning.
1	We arrived when the bar was basically empty, so we ordered drinks and appetizers. The food was fine, but it's bar food... We really came for the karaoke, but we were TERRIBLY disappointed. My friend is a good  singer, but unless you're a local you MIGHT get to sing one song. If you're a Regular with Randy, you'll sing plenty. Do not get excited when you see this bar offers karaoke 7 nights a week... Unless you have that long to wait for your turn to sing...
3	What an odd little place. I will admit, I was not sober upon entering. And yes, I did buy more drinks. I ordered two whiskeys on the rocks and they were good pours for decent prices.Music selection for karaoke was okay. They didn't have quite as much as I had hoped for. Nearly no Kanye West, and sometimes, white girls just need to rap.I did however manage to get there around 1:15am and was able to sing a song before they closed at 2.Another downside was the other patrons. People so drunk that they couldn't handle not getting in the middle of EVERYONE ELSE'S SONGS. It's fine to sing along if you know it, but don't stand there and try to sing into my microphone while I'm doing a duet of "Mr. Roboto" with my soulmate. GTFO of my facespace.A random man, very gay, also tried to get with a male friend of ours who is very straight. My hot blonde best friend eventually sat on his lap and still this gay man did not get the hint. Don't get me wrong, I love the gays, but no matter who you are, you shouldn't be forcing yourself on someone who clearly doesn't want it. Male or female.Come to think of it, a bouncer would have really come in handy in this situation. Fail, Grapevine. Fail.
