5	This is a MUST DO for anyone visiting Vegas.  It's so much fun, I can remember having a non-stop smile the entire day, even for hours after the tour was over.The ATVs are very easy to ride.  Pretty much anyone who is able-bodied enough to ride a bicycle or horse will be fine on the ATV.  The staff is great & will teach you everything you need to know to have a safe, enjoyable trek in the desert.  The scenery is a beautiful mix of desert landscape & mountains.  Be aware that you get very dusty, so dress appropriately (jeans with a light jacket & covered shoes).
5	My friends and I did a private tour there were three of us two wanted to ride dirt bikes and myself I wanted to ride an ATV. Most companies did not want to let us ride together and we wanted to do it as a group as we were out their doing are male bonding thing lol.This place made an exception and let us do a private tour it was not cheap about $300 per person but that day was very fun and something myself and my buddies will never forget. The tour person was great as well. Unfortunately we don't remember his name but he was the younger kid of the group. The others guys that work their all bust his balls but he is actually a cool kid and been riding for a long time.Thanks for the great memories fellas.O my fave part was opening up the throttle going across the dry lake bed. If you've been on a tour where they have restrictors on the bikes or atvs Im sure you know they suck.    These bikes and atv you can go all out on as long as you are able to show you have some exp.
5	James showed us a great time during our RZR tour.  He's a knowledgeable and safety-conscious guide, pacing us and our comfort level.  He spent the morning showing us a great trail system, a spectacular mountain-top view and a swift cross of some desert territory before we took a quick lunch break and headed back for home base.  This is a great way to add some variety to your standard Vegas vacation and I highly recommend it!
5	We had an outstanding time on our RZRs with American Adventure Tours. I realized I have a very lead foot and loved letting loose and got the ride up to 55 mph on the flats. This is an awesome experience well worth the price.A review below written by irresponsible children condemning the service provider for their own actions is uncalled for.You agreed to NOT DRINK and you drank - you failed in your agreement. Your word is crap from hereon out. Even after this, AAT agreed to provide you transportation back to your vehicle (20+ minute drive each way) yet even after that gracious offering, you could not drag yourselves out of the CASINO at the temporary mid-day stop of the desert off road experience, where 95% of the people eat something for lunch instead of gamble and DRINK. Can you drink when you rent a car? What makes you think you can when you drive someone else's property? Grow up!Well done American Adventure Tours! We highly recommend you.
5	Went ATVing with my homies for my bachelor party and went with American Adventure Tours. What an amazing experience. Flying thru the desert along their trails was a rush and at the same time kind of serene. In the middle of nowhere with good friends while gaining a new appreciation for the desert and riding ATVs, will be a memory that lasts forever. I would highly recommend this to anyone.
5	Yelp 100 Challenge 14' * 37/100Amazing rugged experience with my cousin and her boyfriend from Scotland. My first time riding a quad too. What a thrill for a closeted adrenaline junkie like me to speed up to 40 on the trails. We were first picked up at the Wynn and enjoyed a trip to Primm Valley where we were then led to a trailer that contained all the necessary equipment and safety gear (helmets, goggles, cold water, wet towels and release sheets). Our two guides were very patient and thorough with the rules after which they broke down the components of our quads and had us warm up around the open area that surrounded us. I had trouble navigating my way through the trail at first and veered off the path twice but the guide following behind (the other one leads the pack up front), was patient with me and gave me some advice as well as a pat on the shoulder. By the time we reached our first pit stop which passed by a winding path uphill, everyone was more comfortable with their quads. If someone got stuck or needed a rest, it's good to know that no one gets left behind. If, in case, a tour group is made up of smaller groups, the guides could choose to split everyone up so that each group could ride at their own pace. By the time we reached the bare lake bed, we accelerated to speeds of about 50-55mph. Be ready to get some sand in your nose and mouths. Loose goggles will also bring sand into your eyes so make sure you secure them before taking off to the trail. This part can be dangerous if you're following right behind a gust of sand resulted from the quad in front of you. Be aware of wind direction and follow a path where the guide is still visible from 200-500 feet. Soon after was our last pit stop. We were given time to grab a bite at the Primm Valley Fashion Outlet then headed back the same route. Everything looked so different coming back though. It was a day I will never forget. Don't expect anything fancy with ATVs. It can get dirty and you won't feel your thumbs the next day. Nonetheless, every moment was worth it.
5	We took the RZR tour. We rented 2 vehicles for the 4 of us including my 2 teens. We all LOVED the experience! It a must for everyone visiting Vegas. So much fun. The tour was very well organized and our guide was terrific. Highly recommend.
