4	Today, they were not busy. It was a blessing the pizza was here in less than 45 min and I ordered at 6pm. Usually, there is a problem, so Kudos! Thanks for making a effort to get our pizzas here before we died of starvation!
5	Love the addition of the fresh salads available in the online ordering. The web site has gone through some changes and its nice and easy to use. Appreciate the drivers calling when their GPS's send them to the wrong street! =) Love our Domino's!
2	This location is down the street from our house so it makes sense for us to order from there. The pizza and whatnot is always tasty, the drivers are always polite and the prices are decent. But the past month the toppings are extremely scarce on our pizza and today I ordered a sandwich that had almost NOTHING on it! If I'm going to pay $6 for a sandwich then I expect it to be worth $6. It's going to be a while before I order from them again, if ever, especially since we've left the feedback the site asks for about the toppings being so minimal and have yet to receive a response.
1	Every time we order from here something is wrong. Pizza is cold. We ordered wings the had no sauce yea no hot sauce at all. You can't expect much from a chain pizza place but this location is horrible. The service woah it's like you are asking them to much to correct your order.
5	Love this store. In over 6 years of ordering from this Domino's, they have never disappointed, never been late, never delivered a crap product - and that says something. The Drivers are always fast and polite.  Pizza Pro Tip: Do yourself a favor when you find a good pizza joint - tip the driver WELL. They will remember you, and your pizza orders will start to take priority to them. This matters because they get the opportunity to inspect your order before taking it to you. Leave a crappy tip or no tip at all, all of a sudden your pizzas start to be delivered cold, or of lesser quality. This is probably because they were delivering to my house first, and to the other houses that tip well. =)Thanks El MIrage Domino's. You guys rock!
