1	Disclaimer: I had a terrible experience with a stylist here, but will make an attempt to keep my venom from poisoning the rest of the review. It has been about two months since my visit, and  I can now look in the mirror without seething so I thought it was time to put it on record. Here goes...The Digs: Salon Boulevard is in a convenient spot for Phoenicians in the Moon Valley area, located in the LA Fitness complex right next to Half Moon Bar & Grill. The interior itself is on the smallish side and what you might typically expect from a strip-mall salon.The Walk-in: Feeling a bit lackluster after a bout of Pilates, I decided a trim was just the thing to put some bounce back into my locks - lo and behold! There was Boulevard Salon and their" Walk-ins Welcome" sign. Serendipity.The front desk person was very busy, but friendly, and said she could get me in with a stylist in 15 minutes whose price would be $35 for a trim. Sweet! She asked if she could bring me some coffee and invited me to have a seat. After about 10 minutes and no cafe au lait, I simply got up and served myself. Not a moment later, Ms. X fetched me for my cut.She took my cup, set it at her station, and immediately led me to the sinks and began shampooing without even looking at my hair while it was dry or asking what I wanted. Back at her station, I told her I just wanted a trim and my side-swept bangs maintained, to which she replied "Yes, yes, something plain. I see you are a plain girl." Um...ok, lady.To make a long story short, Ms. X spilled my coffee on me, dabbed ferociously at my crotch, yammered ceaselessly without ever waiting for a response, then gave me a whole new hairstyle of her choosing that was some sort of long bob with butchered bangs that ended up too uneven to do anything with but pin back. And the icing? She wanted $5 more to blow dry. Since I left "wet" I didn't realize the extent of the devastation until I returned home to dry and style. I'm ashamed to say I even thanked her for the mutilation of my head. And tipped. *sigh*. The other clientele seemed smiley and unaccosted. At the time of my visit, it was mostly older ladies getting their curls set under the dryers, though I believe they are a full-service salon and offer several waxing and nail treatments as well.The Resolution: In the end, I did call Ms. X back that day on her cell and left a message explaining that I would not be returning to the salon and why. I regret not speaking to a manager to give the business a chance to make amends. As it is, I do not plan to return. I even park as far away from the place as possible when going to the gym. And I'm still waiting for one side of my bangs to grow back long enough to get them fixed.
5	I see Eve here. I have extremely thick long hair and cut it about twice a year since I am extremely paranoid of cutting! (had a bowl cut for the better part of my childhood).My hair is my best asset so I'm ALWAYS weary of cutting. I saw Eve.. I was floored! I LOVED my cut! it's been 4 months since i cut it... and it's growing out beautifully. the salon is fabulous and they sell the cutest jewlry. would def recommend and continue driving 15 miles to see Eve again.
2	My mom and I got a manicure and pedicure here.My mom enjoyed her experience with Shannen.I did not enjoy my experience with Janien. To start she shaved the little hairs on my feet with a razor that was not in the disinfecting liquid and then replaced the cap and did not put it in disinfecting liquid. Do you realize how many disease you can spread like that? Then she didn't put my flip flops on before putting on my polish and wanted me to walk barefoot from the pedicure station to the other side of the salon to the manicure station. Luckily I was saved from this disgusting venture by another stylist who offered me some salon flip flops to put on. Which hey why didn't you put those on before hand??They use aceton nail polish remover and don't have non-acetone which was annoying but not really her fault. Finally my biggest annoyance was that she layered - globbed really- the nail polish on. So even thirty minutes later (waiting for my mom to finish) my nail polish was still wet. And at no point was I placed under a light or fan or anything for them to dry. So I get home and three nails have little marks and dings and one nail is ruined. That's HORRIBLY annoying when I just paid 60 bucks for both. PS Cash only
5	I have been going to Salon Boulevard for several years now. I have seen a stylist, a nail tech, and the aesthetician (facials and waxing) and I absolutely love the laid back, relaxed atmosphere! Misty is the stylist I see and she's one of the best I've ever been to, but she makes my hair look so good in the salon that I can't duplicate it myself at home (dangit!)  Mikel is the nail tech I see and she has many clients that have been seeing her for years (including me). Shannon is the aesthetician and does a FABULOUS wax!! I would recommend this salon to anyone!
5	This is the place I go for my waxing and facial needs. Shannon is an absolute doll and someone who has become a friend. She takes care oft facial and makes me feel good about myself!
5	The family has been seeing Misty for more than 10 years...she's the Goddess of Do's!
4	I had my hair butchered by a stylist here in surprise; she was new, that's all I'm going to say.  Well, that and, I hope she gets better.  Anyhow, after the cut here in surprise, I was referred to a stylist at Salon Boulevard by my friend.  I honestly cannot thank my friend and my new stylist Eve enough.  I thought I would have to get all my hair chopped off to fix the bad cut.  Eve saved me about 5 inches of hair.
5	My hair was a complete disaster!  It took 3 hours but Robert made be look awesome.  I love my color and haircut so much that when I got into my car I cried because this is the best my hair has looked ever! ROBERT YOU ROCK!
1	So I need a haircut.  And in a Costco in southeast Phoenix, where I live, I see this gentleman about my age (senior) sporting a really good do.  I ask him who does his hair, and he gives me the same of Sandy Clark at Salon Boulevard.  I call Sandy and make an appointment for 3:15 on Wednesday June 4. Today (Wednesday June 4) I roll out, leaving plenty of time for the 20-mile-odd trip, but Sandy's directions are so bad that I spend almost 20 extra minutes trying to find the Salon. At 3:15, the moment I realize I'm going to be late, I call the number Sandy gave me; the same one I used for the appointment.  It's her cell phone, and it goes to voicemail.  I leave a message explaining I will be a few minutes late. At 3:30 I call again.  I get voicemail again. I  leave a second message explaining that I am cruising the parking lot unsuccessfully, but nonetheless on my way, when I spot the Salon.  It's minuscule, and tucked away in a dark corner with tiny signs to identify it. At 3:35 I am inside. Sandy, however, has left.  Deciding within 10 minutes that I would be a no show, and not bothering to check her phone, she trotted off to do something far more important than attend to a paying customer with a reservation: you know, someone who might easily have become a repeat customer who brings his own friends in.   Instead, she gets this sucky review on Yelp!, plus warnings to all my personal friends, colleagues and business associates to stay away from her and from Salon Boulevard.  Oh, and on Facebook too.  What her hairdressing skills are like I can not personally vouch for ... but if she loses focus this easily, I guess I'm glad I never had the opportunity to find out. The lady behind the counter tried to offer me another appointment with Sandy Clark on some future day, but given the above -- plus I don't see the point in another 40-plus-mile, possibly pointless round trip -- I won't be showing up there again. Ever.And in my opinion, neither should you.  (Tabitha, where are you? Salon Boulevard needs you!)
5	I have been going here for years to see Rob. When I first showed up as a referral, my hair was stick-like and dry, as a result of years of bad bleach jobs. I had a line across the back of my head from my last bleach job! Rob was, to say the least, amazing. He worked with me and within a few short weeks my hair was shiny and soft and gorgeous. Since then I've gone blonde to dark brown to bright red, and Rob always hits the mark. He is great at knowing the right colors and the right cuts to flatter, and is always professional. I highly recommend him to everyone!
