5	Love this place
2	Ok i put a 4 but its not a 4 when i played there.. .but i wanted to be fair. Why the course is nice and very well deserve a 4. The condition is not a 4 cos they are closing down to do reseeding very soon. So you know how bad the course is... no you don't? well let me see if i can make you understand. Its in fact the last weekend that i have play prior to closing down for reseed. no body fill up the fairway, its browning bad and the tee off makes you think you are Phil Mickelson... hell yea they don't stop. The layout is nice thought, design and build a course on a flat dessert land is tough, there is some contour to the course. Greens are awful again cos its closing. inconsistent greens, some are quick and some a snail slow. Signature hole for me? its the hole 9 PAR 5 where the tee box sits lower than the fairway. left is the range so don't get to close or else you will see lots of yellow balls. but that's not the point its hazardous cos you might be the target from the people practicing. if you have the length and height on your tee, its a very reachable 2. Water hazard guards the green so if you don't have a wet suite you might want to consider an easy 3 on. the green is oblong shape and it position the long side perpendicular to you going at it in 2. oh yea its a slightly dog leg left so if you follow the shape then you will have ample of green for a chip and run. The tee for that day was tug way left and any draw while attacking the PIN will leave the ball in the water. Will i go back and play... i would probably say YES. on a side note, the pro shop guy is a DICK, in fact most of the pro shop guys are DICK heads, they look cool and project themselves like they are the PROS, but no offence, they are just wage earners and spend most of the time around a golf course.  so pls put a smile and greet instead of cool ass look and started to argue when there is a different view point.Edited Nov 3 2013:-This 10 weeks trip of mine gave me ample of opportunity to golf in Az. Its  the perfect weather to be around here to golf. my second game here in Lone Tree forces me to drop my rating from 4 to 2. I will play here again, due to miss communication arrangement. So visitors with tight schedule, pls skip this course. The reseeding forces me to pay $60 instead of $25 (that's what i paid before reseeding). This is a money oriented course/management. The green wasn't even cut after reseed; partly to blame the stupid golfer (including me) to play at a green speed of no more than 4. can you imagine? golf ball is like mini while basketball, can't stop hoping the moment it bounces of your putter on the green. i hate it when course management don't bother to keep their reputation. It kills fun experience and get bad reviews like this. Very short term business people behind the counter of the pro shop. If not shut down the course at least let us know before we pay and play exactly what the conditions are. anyway i like the course but due to the management i will drop from 4 to 3 then further to 2. and i will not recommend any visitors playing here. the risk of getting an unpleasant game here is high. and its not a cheap course to play.
4	Lone Tree is a great challenge and offers fair play for all levels. Staff was great. Not too much attitude. Sort of like a links style course but you don't get punished by being out of the fairway.Will do it again!
4	Expensive but offers great challenge.One of the Holes is 85% surrounded by water hazard so will loose balls on that.Played with co workers and everybody enjoyed.
5	Great course, nicely set up within the housing area. Nice and wide so that it doesn't feel 'stuck' between houses.Check their website, they have hours that offer play at a discount.  All prices include the cart, bonus!
