4	No frills, no fake smiling employees, just REALLY GREAT BREAD. Fresh, authentic, all natural ingredients and very good prices. I regularly buy 2 baguettes here for a $1.25 or $1.50. Lots of rolls, breadsticks, rye, wheat and focaccia. It's a small store at the bakery, prices are a lot lower than at Wholey's or somewhere else in the city. Many restaurants use breadworks. Great stuff.
3	We didn't order directly from them, so I'm not ranking any lower than three stars.HOWEVER, our wedding catering sourced their bread from Breadworks and it was quite unimpressive.  In fact, many of our guests identified it as the one thing they would have changed about our meal...Not sure if it was because our reception was on a Saturday and maybe the hotel only takes deliveries on weekdays or something, but it just wasn't fresh-tasting and certainly wasn't on-par with say, Mancini's.
5	I am a huge fan of Breadworks. They make high quality breads at reasonable prices. They are very consistently good and the bread is always delicious and fresh. Some favorites include the Walnut Raisin and the Sourdough.  A good shopping tip is to arrive 1/2 hour before closing, and everything in the store is half off.
4	I'm a huge fan of Breadworks. It's about a mile from my front door, so I visit there about once a week to stock up. Since discovering this place I haven't bought bread at any other store or bakery. First, it smells AMAZING when you walk in the very tiny storefront. Depending on the day of the week and time of day, this place gets crowded! The best time to go is right when they open at 6:30 am, it's the only way to assure that they haven't run out of your favorites. This happens often, especially with the whole wheat, which is downright incredible. They have everything from smaller hard rolls, sourdough and salt sticks, baguettes, larger loaves of pretty much every kind of bread you can think of. They even have featured breads daily, such as raisin walnut and cheddar focaccia. And the best part is, it's CHEAP!! Crazy cheap! Only negative is the employees are not thrilled to be there as a whole, most seem almost annoyed most of the time, especially if you don't know what you want immediately upon walking in the door. It's a small price to pay to get in on the Breadworks action!
4	Great local business. Great local bread. Great low prices. I go there as often as I can and I'm never disappointed. It's worth having to wait in line when they first open each morning.
5	Who doesn't love good, well baked bread? Bread Works is very good bread in dozens of varieties. I'm partial to their old fashioned salt sticks with caraway seeds, a long time Pittsburgh tradition. Great dinner rolls, loaves, sausage rolls, and lots of other items. This place also delivers to local restaurants, so you've probably had their products and not known.
5	Best in Pittsburgh hands down. Pumpernickel raisin rolls are my favorite, the ciabatta is awesome...salt sticks too. They have just about anything you could think of and it's always bakes fresh that morning.
4	Breadworks has great bread although I usually only buy it in the summer because I make my own bread. I am rating it 4 stars and not 5 for one thing, the focaccia. They now stick it in pizza box and you can't see what your getting. The last 2 times I got it, the bread was burnt. At the price of this bread it shouldn't be burnt and it never was when you could see it before you got it home. I think I will stick to what I can see.
5	The bread here is some of the best I've ever had, and that is coming from a bread aficionado.  The prices seem fair as well, although I quite dislike that they take cash only.
5	Great bread and excellent customer service!We went in wanting bread to take back home with us, but we didn't know what kind to get. We decided to get a couple of rolls and one of the ladies let us have three full size rolls just as samples. I ate the raisin rye right away and it was excellent, I'm sure it would be even better toasted.I'd definitely buy my bread here if we lived in Pittsburgh.
5	What can I say? If you like bread, you HAVE to visit their store. And once you do, it'll become a regular thing! The bread is baked to perfection and is simply delicious!  Particular favorites are:* Specialty Focacia's (different every day)* Asiago Mini Crocodile (perfect amount of cheesiness)* Rustic Walnut  Raisin (great toasted for breakfast)* Raisin Grain and Pumpernickel Raisin Rolls (I can't stop eating them)* Sour #2 (Get it sliced or slice it yourself for FANTASTIC sandwiches)The store is open until 6pm during the week and starts marking down what's left on the shelves at 5:30pm. But go earlier or even order ahead for the best selection! They also have weekend hours, but I've not been to the store on the weekend myself.Oh, and what they don't sell before closing? They donate to local food banks so even the poor can sometimes have a taste of ambrosia!WARNING: The retail store only takes cash, so plan ahead!
