5	Really great service! Very sanitary and great customer service. $25 pedi $35 mani & pedi. Will be going again!
2	Only person in the place... The lady seemed lost as hell ... She couldn't get the other person that was supposed to be there with her on the phone... By the way the number was off ...she kept calling on speaker phone...lmao.. Needless to say I wanted a mani and pedi... She ran the water for my pedi and I sat in the chair pulled the opposite arm up and almost fell out the chair when it fell off ... Smh... 20 min into my pedi this weird couple came in..I couldn't tell if they were high or what was going on ...I only got the pedi.. The couple threw me off completely... So much for my mani and pedi
1	I usually don't spend time writing reviews, but I have to on this one! I have been getting my nails done for many years, in different states across this country and this nail salon is probably the worst I've ever seen. I recently moved here from AZ and am looking for a nail salon that I can call my new home. This isn't it!!! Many red flags that I should've paid attention to before I even put my feet in the water... Shame on me. The door to the salon looks like it hasn't been sprayed with window cleaner since the Bush administration. The selection of nail polish on the wall racks to choose from was really sketchy; no OPI brand??? That was a first for me. The salon is cluttered looking and not clean. It's borderline hoarder-looking. Not modern at all. The spa chairs looked old and so did the motif. The staff was friendly, but I had to go back the next day and get 3 of my fingers re-done because the gel polish was old or something and bubbled up on my nails. Of the 5,000 choices of colors I had to choose from, I picked the oldest bottle in the place and got screwed. The manicurist did redo my nails cheerfully and offered an apology more than once, which was appreciated. I hope I can find a place that is clean, modern and has new product on the shelves. I will keep searching!!!
