5	Best dim sum in Edinburgh. Very nice lunch experience. It's a bit far from where I live, but a few trips a month is worthwhile!
5	This is my parents local Chinese restaurant, and somewhere that I am often taken for dinner. Honestly, it beats a lot of Chinese take-aways in Suburbia hands down. The fact that they've taken dim-sum and jellyfish and managed to sell it to the people of Longstone says a lot! Try the stuffed aubergine in black bean sauce, it is tres yum.
5	Really amazing lovely delicious meal this evening. I will spread the word among family & friends to visit for a meal. Many thanks for a brilliant meal & excellent service. :-)  *****
5	Great traditional Chinese food! Beef chow main is awesome. Pork dim sum very good. Peking style pork was great too. A little out of the center of town if you are a tourist. But food is well worth it.
1	So Imperial Palace was a big fail for me. I wanted dim sum, but I forgot it is a primarily afternoon feast, rather than evening. So, we opted to stay, but go with the standard menu instead. The restaurant itself is large, had a few diners at the time we visited, but nothing too overwhelming. The waiter took our order, then we settled down. We only reached the first course. I ordered vegetable spring rolls, the boy, spare ribs. Unfortunately, I got a mix of vegetable and duck spring rolls, which made me rather unhappy. More awkwardly, after alerting the waiter, he kindly cleared my plate, and then the SR and I decided that we would dine elsewhere that evening. Unfortunately, the waiter misheard, and still started to prepare the SR's dinner. Umm... oops. Never mind, after a second effort to clarify the situation (that we wanted to leave), we paid for our drinks and left. One star for the apologies the waiter made (which were plenty), but I won't be back.
3	this place is good!! pretty high quality chinese food!! and cool tables with a bit in the middle that spins around!!! the only bad thing was that it was so busy that we had to wait ages to order and ages for our good but the food was great and they were friendly!
4	This somewhat out of the way restaurant is well worth at least one weekend afternoon visit, even if you're on bus from town. I see there has been some disappointment registered regarding the evening. I can't comment as I've only done the afternoon - several times. But I would, I will, go again. Booking at the weekend is advised.Imperial Palace is definitely one of the best Dim Sum places in Edinburgh. It's best experienced in as large a group (of dedicated Dim Sum fans ;-) as you can muster.While a point is lost for occasional stodginess - it's a large, busy place with a penchant for steaming! - you can go all out here with your sweet and savoury baus, lemon tarts, siu mai, har gau, chicken's feet (if you dare), and great duck and char siu - the works.  Matthew's Chinese supermarket, beside, is also fantastic. If you consider yourself a fan of Chinese food, this is an Edinburgh MUST. Even if you end up thinking it's not worth the journey (30-40 minutes on bus from town), you've got to go and try it. Go fill your bags with Chinese groceries and reward the work with a Dim Sum feast.
3	I'll be honest, it wasn't the best place I've ever been! I found the decor inside and out a bit garish, the food a bit bland and the staff a bit miserable, the highlight of my experience was the huge fish in the fish tank! I don't think I'll be returning any time soon, Sorry for the negative comment but it was a big disappointment for me.
5	Great meal ,Great Service, I will be telling the world about this place. "I will be back"
