3	Booked a 90 minute ride on Lake Las Vegas during our vacation in October.  Our gondoleer, Angel, was friendly and nice to us.  We requested no singing, so we just had music playing in the background.  There's not much to see.  Just a bunch of beautiful homes and a hotel.  The place is beautiful, but such a ghost town.  Mansions are huge and beautifully landscaped, but most are foreclosed and bank owned.  Angel showed us some celebrity homes along the lake and told us some stories about people foreclosing around the lake.  There are some docks with boats there.  But we were the only ones out on the lake.   The gondola ride itself was very smooth and realxing.  It is run by electricity, so no hard paddling needed.  The weather was nice - not too hot, not too cold.  There is a replica of the famous bridge in Venice, that I had to ask about.Bottom line... if you want a relaxing ride on the lake, this is something you can do.  You get a bottle of champagne or sparkling cider and a box of chocolates.  Nothing special, but kinda cool.  It was something for us to do.  A good experience!  Around the Village, you can walk around the cobblestone streets.  But mostly everything is quiet and empty.  It's like a ghost town.  The casino is also pretty empty, but the most happening place around there.
5	To have a great Gondola ride at Lake Las Vegas, you need 3 things.  1 -  for the Gondolier to sing - otherwise there's no point. Just go on a regular boat ride. 2- have a Great Gondolier who isn't just a wonderful singer but an amazing personality. We had a guy named Gerry. This was a special surprise for my best friend and she LOVED it, and him. So did I but it was more important to me that she like him, as it was my gift to her.3- the right time of day.We booked at sunset. If you get there in time, you get to see the sunset over the water on the way out - gorgeous against the mountains - and the twinkling village and sky in the way back.Hardly a ghost town , I disagree with the reviewer who said that. The parking lot was full, we passed a couple & a family on the short walk to the boat. Quiet? Absolutely. But even though we purposely came to Vegas during the off season, it wasn't deserted, unless you're comparing it to the Strip.You can order a meal, not just the chocolates and champagne - costs extra but is it ever worth it! I had a perfectly cooked Alaskan Salmon, after starting with a baby spinach salad. The chocolate cake was so rich I had to take it home. The gondolier points out different things to you,then sings. They'll take requests or sing opera!Our guy, Gerry has one of the most amazing voices I've ever heard. And he was such a sweetheart - bent over backwards to make the night special for my friend and I.  Coming from someone who used to live in Vegas, if you like being on the water, want to get away from the touristy atmosphere, and want to do something special for a date or a friend or your Mom, you HAVE  to do this. Ask for the nights that Gerry is available - change youR plans around if you have to, to get him. Never met the man before tonight but I'll never forget him. Great, great night.
5	My now fiancee booked the a sixty minute Gondola ride for his proposal to me this past Sunday at sunset and it was amazing!!! Our gondolier was amazing! His name was Angel and he was very nice and cordial. First he  set up some great sparkling water and deserts for us to enjoy during the trip and supplied us with blankets to keep warm in case we were chilly. Then, we set off for our cruise, we kissed under the replica of Ponte dei Sospiri which was sooo sweet. As we progressed he pointed out all the lovely mansions to us and even sernaded us as we gently floated along the current. The best part was the proposal, apparently he suprised not only me but also my finacee. He placed the wedding proposal in a bottle that floated along the top of the water. As I discovered the bottle my finacee passed a camera back to him. We have pics of EVERYTHING, pics of me reading the message in the bottle proposal, pics of my fiancee placing the ring on my hand and even of our kiss shortly thereafter. Angel was amazing, now we have the whole sequence of events on film and my family and friends love seeing them. He again serenaded us before returning to shore and it was wonderful! We also need to thank Anne of Gondola Adventures because she helped plan and organize alot of the details as well. Anne and Angel are wonderful, it was the most perfect proposal in a hidden gem of a place. No one could ask for better service. We very highly recommend Gondola Adventures. I can't wait to go back for your anniversary!
4	The Lake is gorgeous, especially at sunset. Super romantic for a couple, but also fun if you get a group to go (if you walkup after a Wine Walk, it's only $10 a person!). The gondoliers are all really nice. they kind of follow your lead - they'll sing to you and be tour guides, or if you want them to just leave and your date in private, they do that too.wonderful date nite!
5	My wife & I celebrated our Anniversary @ The Westin Lake Las Vegas a few weeks ago.  Everything about the resort was incredible, including the Private Lagoon where we were picked up (small extra charge $15 rt) with champagne & chocolates waiting.  The guide was friendly, the conversation was light & pleasant... but the views were simply breathtaking.We toured the lake, viewed the waterfront estates and were serenaded under the bridge by our Gondolier.  Perhaps one of the best romantic experiences around.  We loved it.
5	My boyfriend surprised me with this adventure on vday and it was amazing! Angel was awesome! His voice was amazing! His personality was down to earth! Best Valentine's Day ever!! I cannot wait to revisit this lake and Angel again!
