4	Yay for local mom and pop deli's. I enjoy nothing more than a hearty sandwich, with soup and salad. This place is a great addition to Charleston Blvd.They used to have pies, but that didn't sell too well, so it's just down to the bread and butter of making the items aforementioned.The lunch special is pretty good 5-6 bucks for half a sandwhich, chips and drink..I got the half sandwich with soup deal. I enjoyed it very much, left full , but felt satisfied.Note: W Sahara location closed and moved here
4	I've been going to this place for about a year now, and its really, really good every time.  The Hell's Kitchen Sandwich - egg salad, bacon, swiss & avacodo on marble rye is to die for.  One star deduction because the side portion (chips or potato salad) is really, really small, like 1/4 cup small.  Teeny.  The sandwiches however are decent sized.  Other recommended sandwiches:  Bronx Bomber - egg salad and pastrami on rye (yes I love egg salad!), Coney Island Reuben and the Cajun Crab Cake.  All outstanding. I am also ecstatic to find that they don't use latex gloves when making the sandwiches, unlike many sandwich chains.  My son is deathly allergic to latex. This is not a mom and pop though, its a national chain.  Its just relatively new to Vegas.  But who cares, its great!
4	BLT with avocado, OMG I'm salivating as I type this! Sooooo good from Heidi's! Also the Coney Island Reuben is super tasty. I love places that give you a free pickle with your sandwich. Just makes me smile and reminds me of sandwiches at home made by mom. Always with a pickle. I really wish they had a Heidi's in the southwest by my house because I would go more often and get to try more menu items. Or....maybe not. Cause I'd probably just stick to my two faves and have to buy a new wardrobe because of my expanding waist. Yeah, probably better that it's not close to home :)Highly recommended for lunch if you are in the area. :)
4	This is going to be a short & sweet review.I've been to this location and also the one on Sahara.  Both times I got the chicken salad.  Which is delicious!  I have gotten it on the bread (i love carbs!) and once on the wrap (the wrap is HUGE!).  All the sandwiches or wraps come with a pickle, and a side (chips, potato salad, mac salad or coldslaw).  I had the potato salad which was actually really good!  It's made with redskin potatoes.  Good seasoning and good flavor.  (its not mustard based).Right now they are doing a $5 special.  I think its half of a sandwich or wrap, a side, a soda and a cookie.  Considering most of their sandwiches start at like $5.99 that is a damn good special.
4	Went there for a quick lunch with my coworker. The service is fast and staff are all friendly. For 5 bucks, you get a half sandwich, a side (chips, potato salad or cole slaw), a cookie, and a drink. That's a pretty good deal. All their bread are freshly baked and delicious. I will definitely go back again.
4	I'm a big fan of this place it's too bad the one on Sahara closed down. This time around I had the BLT on sour dough with avocado. It was delicious!  It made me sorry for trading half of my sandwich for my husband's half of Tuna. I wasn't a big fan of the Tuna Sandwich it was a little too fishy and sweet for my taste. We both had the potato salad which had  big chunks of potatoes and just the right amount of mayonnaise. If you don't have a big appetite they have $5.00 deals on half of a sandwhich and a side. They also have fresh cookies and brownies here if you are craving something sweet!
5	Great service, great food, and there's always a good radio station playing in the background.  I've been going to this Heidi's for over a year now, typically once a week on an office run for me and three other guys.  I haven't had a sandwich from their menu that wasn't good, and all of the sides are always a good option.  $5 lunch for half a sandwich (just as big as a whole sandwich you'd make at home), a side (chips, macaroni salad, potato salad, or cole slaw), a chocolate chip cookie and a drink is a steal.
5	I have meaning to write this review for some time now. I have been there 6 times. Each time trying to get something different, except today I really wanted a tuna sandwich. Every time I go there the quality of the food is the same - outstanding. I tasted my wife's sandwich which she had chicken salad on cabata w/ Cajun sauce, avocado, slice of pepper jack (I think). Mine was what I expected, but if she would have wanted to switch I would have finished it off in a heart beat. There $5 deal is great, keeps me from overeating but fills me up. 1/2 sandwich choice of chips or potato salad cookie drink 1/4 pickle slice The reason I gave a 5 star is the atmosphere, music lightly playing in the background. The entire restaurant is clean, including the bathrooms (yes I checked). Overall, I enjoy eating there, spending time with the wife and talking to her instead of being distracted by TVs.
5	Holy cow, I had no idea this place was a chain, but I am so glad it is because I went to the Henderson location yesterday and loved it so much that I found the Las Vegas location on Charleston today. $5 for a half sandwich, drink, potato salad, pickle, and a cookie!  That is an insanely good deal, not to mention the fact that the half sandwich is HUGE and the bread and cookie are freshly baked.  Thank you Yelpers for pointing me to the Hell's Kitchen sandwich -- egg salad, bacon, avocado, and Cajun sauce.  Seriously delicious.
4	I discovered this deli first while at a layover in Denver.  It was such a good size and reasonable price for any food at the airport.  At this location, it was the same.  I ordered the smoked turkey with extra veggies and sprouts.  Delicious.  Especially compared to the Quiznos turkey sandwich we had at the Denver airport the next day, which was lacking much of any filling.
4	Ended up at this Deli because every other restaurant in the shopping center was closed.  There's a reason this one has made it there.  Excellent egg salad sandwich! Prices were decent and the service was good.
5	So I come here once a week like a Christian going to church every Sunday. Every Monday around 1 or 2 pm I show up and don't even have to order. Half the time they're already working on my order. Without fail I always get the same sandwich. Pastrami Reuben on Rye or Wheat. I have no idea why their darn Pastrami Reuben tastes so good. I tried duplicating it at home with deli meats from Boars Head and Organic stuff from Whole Foods. FAIL... :(The staff here is friendly and the food is pretty good. Oh and I recommend the Pastrami Reuben with the dressing on the side :)
4	Ok so I'm not a huge fan of sandwich places but my bf took me here for lunch one time and I totally fell in love with this place.It was very busy and I can see why.They have a few different sandwiches to choose from i got the Cajun Turkey w/ Avocado with a side of macaroni salad. Omg this was probably the most delicious sandwich Ive ever had the bread was so fresh and soft and the cajun mayo was super delicious and the avocado just made it even better. I finished every single bite and this is coming from someone who hates sandwiches. The macaroni salad was also tasty very sweet and delicious. I can see why this place is always packed, even writing this review makes me crave one of their tasty sandwiches. Good quality food, friendly service and decent prices = happy customer
5	So I've had Heidi's bookmarked for like 4958742987 years and I finally and went and man, I've just been going back ever since! 1st of all, I LOVE their lunch special. It's 1/2 a sandwich, a side, a pickle, a cookie and a drink all for $5. Dude, more often than not, I can't even finish all the food. And more importantly, their sandwiches are fantastic!! I usually get the meatball sandwich or the Hell's Kitchen, and man oh man, are they yummers. Their cookies and cannolis are pretty fantastic-O as well. They make their bread fresh every day and you can taste the difference. YOU NEED TO CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!!!
4	My boyfriend and I were out and about in need of lunch and in the mood for something not too heavy as it was a hot day. At the suggestion of my Sister and fellow Yelper Alana M. we decided to check this sandwich shop out upon reading her review. I decided on the "Cajun turkey w/avocado" I chose sourdough bread as my choice. My sandwich came with a pickle and choice of salad, I opted for coleslaw which was very good with a sweet horseradish kick. My sandwich was delicious, generous with the juicy moist turkey, a layer of cajun mayo sauce, and avocado slathered with lettuce, purple onion and tomato. The bread was fresh and soft, this sandwich literally melted in my mouth and it was a cold sandwich lol. Mmmmm not a skimpy sandwich, very filling, fresh and tasty!My boyfriend decided on the "Bronx Bomber" pastrami and egg salad, he chose rye bread. He opted for potato salad as his side and he truly enjoyed that sandwich!They bake their bread fresh daily, they have the loaves displayed, as you select your choice of bread they slice it before preparing your sandwich. The service is great, friendly employees! They have hot and cold sandwiches, salads, wraps, soups, bagels, smoothies, ice cream and shakes as well as a few breakfast sandwiches. We will be back to try other menu items as well.*They also deliver for a $2 charge.
4	I go here quite a bit for lunch as its relatively close to my work and I refuse to eat Subway ever since I found out they have hi-fructose corn syrup in their bread.   Well I read that on the internet (along with stuff about hi-fructose corn syrup being bad) so it has to be true right?  The Internet would never steer me wrong.I tend to stick with the Salmon Melt on Wheat with no cheese and light spread.  It's basically some precooked chunks of smoked salmon which are recooked and placed on the bread, avocado and the veggies you choose and then smothered in some spicy sauce.  The process of the salmon would normally bother me but then I realize I'm paying $8.99 for it and a bag of chips and it's quite tasty so I get over it quickly.   I really like the wheat bread here, and with the salmon melt they usually give two extremely thick pieces of it (I'm thinking they might do this to better stabilize the toppings.   I've had other cold sandwiches and the pieces of bread haven't been thick.  Could all just be a giant coincidence if you believe in those)   There have been a few times I forgot to hold the cheese and I braved through it lactose intolerance notwithstanding.   Naturally it was even better with the pepperjack cheese smothering everything in between the bread.   Reason #5156 why I hate my life.  I've also tried the Cajun Turkey with Avocado sandwich, as well as their roast beef.   I found both of these to be worthwhile of a visit as well but overall not as good as the Salmon Melt.   Service is always okay, though it does sometime seem rushed.  A giant line of people is a good enough reason for me to explain that, so no points deducted on that one.  We've also tried delivery a few times without any issues (quick and efficient)Overall I can't find much fault with making Heidi's a lunchtime decision, especially over Subway.  Now I eagerly await someone to let me know Heidis uses hi-fructose corn syrup in their avocado, or to send me a youtube link to corn farmer propaganda on the health benefits of hfcs.   Get at me.
1	The $5 special turn out to be $6.48. I felt cheated and there was no explanation. The mozzarella  sandwich which I had was not good at all. After the meal, I decided to go to Einsteins.
4	I came here while at lunch at work. I've been to a few deli's and this was one of the best I've had. This was my first time here. I had gotten the Cajun turkey w/avaocado. The bread was so fresh that it was still steaming while she was making my sandwich. They had just taken the bread out of the oven. I had the potato salad along with my sandwich. Potato salad was really good also but that sandwich was awesome. I would have given this place 5 stars but the service was kind of whatever. The lady making my food was whatever and when I was going to pay I was just standing there waiting for someone to come by. They would see me but they would say one moment or something. So by the time I had paid my buddy who was ahead of me already devoured 75% of his sandwich. Otherwise this place has awesome sandwiches. I recommend.
5	I love this place!  I eat there all the time. The staff are sooooo nice....they even know me by name.  The food is great and the it's at a great cost.  It's very affordable.   Cindy and Daryl are great!  Highly recommend!
5	Discovered this place a few years ago and have been going ever since. Everything is delicious, great price, great service.
5	Love this place!  Food is always fresh and the Heidi's Lunch special is the best deal in town!
3	My brother and I have been branching out to find new lunch options. Heidi's Brooklyn Deli has been a pleasant surprise. I'm hooked on the Cajun turkey with avocado. I've had it on sourdough and marble rye, but I prefer the latter. The sourdough was too dense and dry. When I saw Cajun Turkey on the menu I expected seasoned turkey breast, but it is only roasted. The Cajun comes from the mayo spread. It has a nice kick and combined with the cool creamy mashed avocado it's the perfect match. Crisp lettuce, sliced purple onion and tomato makes it complete. The lunch special is $5 for half a sandwich with a pickle, chips, potato or macaroni salad and a cookie. However, I prefer the full sandwich with pickle, chips, potato or macaroni salad for a buck more. My brother has taken a liking to the chicken salad. One of these days, I'll have to try something else on the menu, but until then I'll happily enjoy the Cajun Turkey.
5	Man o man, I eat here for lunch 2-3 days per week and totally spaced in actually writing a review. Anyways, here goes. They have filling sandwiches, soups, salads, and smoothies. I've tried the majority of the sandwiches and my favorites are the bronx bomber which is egg salad with pastrami, and the cheesesteak.
2	I got the philly cheese steak.  The bread was decent, but that was about all that was decent.   The steak was roast beef heated up.  The bell peppers were mushy and there was hardly any flavor to the sandwich.  I would much rather have gone to subway.  I would not go back again.
3	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Floor was dirty.LIKE  The sesame bagel. The breakfast sandwich. The Power Punch smoothie.LOVE  Nothing.
3	this used to be a very popular place to go eat for all the students in the area since they had a $5 special. They used to have a very long line and a ton of business before they raised their special by 20%!!! (ok, its just a dollar). I still go but a lot less frequently. I don't see the long lines anymore so i guess the extra dollar has benefited me in some way. the turkey avocado sandwich on marble bread is my favorite.
5	What a great place! Everything is fresh including the bread. The soup was good and the place is clean and welcoming. Will definitely be a regular as long as I'm in town!
1	Four stars?'really yelp? This place is not a Brooklyn deli. It's a generic franchised fast food deli. Everything is microwaved, including the hot dog which they put ketchup on. Ewwwww. Never again. I will say the people were nice...that was about the only good thing.
5	Decided to try this place, now ive went about 3 or 4 times and i look forward to going to lunch. The crab cake sandwich was pretty good but the Hell's Kitchen sandwich is amazing. Definitely recommended
2	New owner has run this place into the ground.    I usually go about three times a week and the last three times I have been the place is a mess, seats are torn and the food quality has drastically declined.   They used to make fresh bread, but the bread on the sandwich was stale.  sadly I will not be going back.
4	Stellar deli- wish I'd checked the reviews here before going, because I would have ordered differently. That being said, I still enjoyed everything I did get!BF and I worked hard moving into our new apartment and worked up an appetite- rushed to Heidi's for sustenance. We each got a sandwich and swapped halves to share: the Transplanted New Yorker on marble rye was his choice while the Salmon Melt on french was mine. Both came with pickles and cups of potato salad. I'm not a big spice fan but the NY was a good kind of spicy- it snuck up on you! Each bite started out mild and built up in eat for a spicy aftertaste. Bread was soft, meat was plentiful, and the avocado was a nice creamy touch.The Salmon Melt was delish- I'm picky about warm salmon (I prefer it as sashimi) but the flavors were spot on. Add in the spicy cajun sauce and it had a good kick to it that added the much-needed "extra something" that a lot of salmon sandwiches lack.The pickle was a great bit of cool flavor after the spicy sandwiches, and the potato salad was with red potatoes- which is so much better than regular mustard/mayo potato salad. Red potatoes make the salad so much better, no clue why. Maybe it's all in my head.In any case, the sandwiches are effing huge- the half sandwich lunch combo would be a perfect meal, but with the half-and-half swap the BF and I did, neither of us completely finished. Which is a good thing. I could only manage about 3/4ths of each and it's the only meal I ate for the day. The meal for both of us, with tax, came to a total of $20- awesome pricing for phenomenal portion sizes, great value.Also worth a mention? The staff is badass. Super friendly and polite, cool guys. Had recommendations and suggestions, and even offered to make a half pastrami and half corned beef sandwich for the BF in the future. We'll definitely be back- the breakfast burrito, crab cake, and eggplant parm all need to be in my life. As do the soups!
2	Was going over by bookmarks for lunch and this was right down the street. The four star average caught my eye so off I went. Located off of Charleston, there is only one driveway going into this Red Rock Plaza so if for any reason you are trying to escape the police in your car, don't go in here. :PAs I am going over the menu, I see there is a lot of choices. The guy behind the counter suggests I get the 5.99 combo. What's that I ask. He mumbled something about half a sandwich, a side, and a drink. I said nope. I was wanting a full sandwich damnit.So I go with the Italian, which has cappacola, salami, ham, montadella, provolone, onions, tomatoes, lettuce, oil n vinegar, salt n pepper, and oregano on Italian bread. Sounds good right? NOOOOOOOOO! The bread to meat ratio was rather large. The bread itself didn't seem fresh and there was a lot of it. If you refer to my pic, the overall size of the sandwich is mostly bread. The meat didn't seem much. I think dude forgot to put oil and vinegar for I don't remember my taste buds ever tasting any. When I got done, I still had some bread left over after running out of what like 3 or 4 kinds of meat I think? Total I paid was 8 and some change. The place is pretty big with enough tables and chairs for about 40 people.Customer service was ok. Dude did his job. Nothing extraordinary.As I was leaving, I couldn't help but think of how this place could average 4 stars. To be fair, if I just happen to make another visit and my experience is better, then I will update this review accordingly. Sorry Heidi, I was not impressed.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #28
1	Terrible service. A bunch of kids running this place. What's with the lox. I ordered a nova and bagel platter and they cooked the salmon and it was broken into little pieces that's not how lox and bagels is served. Very confused and really don't want to complain to these children.
5	Delicious! A decent, healthy meal for only $7- half a sandwich (still good size), soup, a pickle and a side. The staff was really friendly and the cookies are to die for. Definitely glad I found this place today!
1	I'll keep this as short as possible.Everyone I know has told me how great this place is.So I walk in yesterday with my friends at 5:10pm. First visit ever. As soon as we get to the counter, one of the sandwich guys loudly says "Hey guys, we close at 6, so make it quick. We close at 6 and we need to be out of here AT 6."There were two employees. One guy had a goatee. And the other guy didn't. The other guy is the one who said "make it quick." This visit took place on Thursday March 20th at 5:10pm. "Make it quick." Wow. Heidi's must be doing really well to turn down business 50 minutes before close.Terrible first impression from an ungrateful worker. Never going back. If it was my store I would initiate documented coaching and if he had previous issues I would fire him.
1	This is mainly a review on their work stations...from food service to food service...they need to label their food with expiration dates. I took a peek at their small reach in fridge and saw a whole bunch of stuff that was labeled or dated...that's a pet peeve at my work! Also, that's a food safety issue.
5	The best Egg Salad Sandwich ever!!!  (Hell's Kitchen)Keep in mind, that is the only thing I have ever had from there, so I do not know about their other sandwiches (although, my friend loves their BLT, and my husband loved the Bronx Bomber).I get the Hell's Kitchen on Sourdough.  It is Egg Salad with avocado and this cajun sauce with bacon (I also add onion).  mmmmm.. I crave this sandwich ALL the time.Cookies are OK, macaroni salad is decent, but the Hell's Kitchen is the best part and the reason I am giving it 5 stars.
2	Stopped here for lunch today with DH, should have kept driving.  Two good points: great service and fresh sandwich fillings. Now for the bad...I got a "relocated new Yorker" on a hoagie, and the hoagie bun destroyed it. The bread was split into two pieces, so the tops kept falling off of the halves (ever hear of toothpicks, Heidi? I seriously recommend them). The plates were heavy, but I managed to not drop one on my way to a table. The bun tops, however, kept falling off and one hit the floor. The guys behind the counter were awesome, and they replaced that one. The sandwich ingredients were good, but that dry bread was a jaw breaker and ruined the meal(plus I was being buried in poppy seeds falling off the bun. The Cole slaw was "meh", no taste. The potato salad was good, if a bit salty. The soda machine needed a new Coke tank but apparently it wasn't tapped enough for them to care (and yes, they knew - an employee was right next to me waiting to get his own drink refill while it sputtered noisily into my cup. Add the lack of salt and pepper shakers, having to fetch napkins from another table (really? Did those dispensers suddenly get too pricey for each table to have one?), and a ceiling fan on so fast that we had to weight down napkins to keep them from flying away, and there just isn't enough left to get me to return. Two sandwiches, two fountain drinks, plus tip = $25 that I will be spending elsewhere next time.
1	Stopped by without checking reviews and should have walked out like I wanted to.  There were 2 employees who obviously did not want to be at work and the food was horrible.  Bread was old,  hotdogs were overcooked. ........ It was bad. The place was empty and all the prep tables looked out of food.  Maybe the place is about to close.  I don't know? !
4	Heidi's was officially closed when I stopped in for lunch today.  Too bad, because their $6.00 lunch special was a great deal!
