5	It all started with a craving for a caramel apple across the hall from Conn's. We went across to just sit and wait for the Rocky Mountain chocolate company to open. Got to chatting about some future household needs with Matt Williams. He was very easy to talk to and listened to what we needed. He made several suggestions about what we might like. Never crossing any lines where he would be considered pushy at all.  After talking about furniture for a while we got into some of our more immediate needs. We knew we needed a new washer and dryer soon and he was so knowledgeable about all of that we felt like this was the best time to buy. We weren't "sold" anything. He truly helped us find what we wanted and nothing more. We were so happy dealing with him we decided to throw in a new oven/range into the purchase.  Matt was the only salesman we worked with but we got the feeling they are all like a close family there. I'm sure they would all be great. I think they get how to help people there, and yes there are a lot of sales people around trying to get sales. That's there job. They just know how to do it right.  Also, they are quick with the paperwork for the financing. We got 36 months no interest.
1	The name says it all: CONNSas in "con artist" for you slow folks.  I could write the long story of my experiences with them, but if I do I'll just get raging mad again.  I must admit that I WAS stupid and paid $150 more than any other stores' list prices I discovered the next day.  Why?  I wanted to keep "building my credit" and these bloodsuckers were happy to flay open my jugular for a real good suck.STAY AWAY FROM THESE ZOMBIE SALESMEN!!!  They stand around like they're stoned.  They all slunk away from me once they knew I was back with broken merchandise.  They've all mastered the 100 yard stare, that vacant look in the eyes that says they ain't even gonna PRETEND to give a hoot.  I'm guessing they pay these guys with kibbles and bits, and that they've got an astronomically high employee turnover.  I guarantee itTheir policies are obscene, the staff are uncaring (but they'll sure beg you for a good rating of 5 when their tracking system calls you after every sale to get a rating), their "management" refused to give me his business card, they sold me a $1,000 computer that was broke when I opened it.  They did nothing to make it right, my messages to my "salesman" were never responded to), but they DID offer to take even more money from me if I'd mail them the computer so they could examine it and give me a repair quote.  Apparently I should have bought that $300 warranty they tried to sell me huh?Oh, and when I went back to the store to work out the problem the salesguy who sold me the darn thing and never returned my calls to his voice mail HID from me!  Yup, I called ahead and said I'd be there, but he hid from me and refused to come speak with me.  Instead I had 4 blue-shirt stooges standing around while the "manager" with the special white shirt fed me a nice big plate of "WE DON'T GIVE A F*CK!"Oh well, I guess this did get long, I just don't want anyone else to get done so wrong by these appropriately named CON MEN!!!!!My god, a manager with no business card??????????????????  WTF?My salesguy hiding from me when I called 20 minutes earlier and confirmed he was there.And the other zombies...go pop in there some time when you need a giggle!
4	I went into Conn's looking for a washer and dryer after mine had completely died.  The laundry appliances are at the front of the store (if entering from the outside), and I probably looked around for 3-5 minutes before a sales person came by.  The sales person asked what my requirements were, I told him, and he made some solid recommendations that aligned with the research that I had already performed via Consumer Reports.  I knew I wasn't going to buy a GE, Maytag, Whirlpool, or any other US-based manufacturer because the units are not what they used to be (I was replacing Maytag units that were 15 years old).  He recommended either the Samsung or LG front loaders (front loading was one of my requirements).  The sales person owned a Samsung pair; however, I was leaning toward the LG models.  He did not pressure me either way -- he just let me know what the strengths and weaknesses were with each manufacturer.  In fact, he talked me out of getting the stand (good thing, because the units would not have fit with the stands).   FYI -- the sales person tried to sell me new hoses, a dryer tube, and 3-prong plug.  LG's come with them.  That's my sales person's only negative "ding".  Otherwise, he was extremely helpful!My biggest issue was financing -- my credit is terrible.  I expressed to him my challenges; however, he said, it takes 5 minutes to apply, and you can see what happens.  From my standpoint, what was the worst that could happen -- I get turned down?!  He was right -- this process was VERY QUICK!  Much to my surprise, I was approved (in less than 5 minutes) and I purchased the LG units without stands (I got the BIG LG washer/dryer).  I purchased 2 years of warranty, and delivery would be reimbursed.  After I made the purchase, Conn's fulfillment team stayed in constant communication with me so that I knew when to expect the units (one call the night prior to delivery and three the day of).  Well done!  The delivery crew was beyond professional.  They hauled away the old units, fully installed the new ones, tested them, gave me a brief tutorial on them, and stayed to answer any questions.  I was impressed!  All-in-all, a good first experience.  I will purchase from Conn's again.
1	I went to buy a 60 inch tv at this store. The salesmen Rodney was very nice and helpful. There was a mixup on my part on the shipping to address. Had my information passed to a Mgr named CHRIS to fix. Was told by the Mgr Chris he would fix the problem and send me on my way. He never fixed the problem just passed my information back to the sales person. I would not recommend this store. I usually go to the one on 75th and Thomas. They are always helpful and get my order right. I will never go back to this store in Tempe. Back to my local store in Goodyear or Phoenix.P.SI gave the Mgr my receipt to show proof that I had payed off one of my purchases to approve for another item, when the salesman came back to sign the papers I told him to get my receipt from his boss Chris. Rodney came back to me telling me that he had lost my receipt. Verry unprofessional!!!! Waited 45 minutes for them to print out another one for me. My opinion they seem like they do not know what they are doing at that store!!!!!
1	I will be honest the buying proses was amazing very nice and helpful. The bad turn has been because I did a return with in the 30 day return policy. I was told to avoid other fees I could bring the merchandise back to the store I purchased it at by the store manager and corporate. When I showed up at the store they refused to take the merchandise and would not take the money for the re stock fee. After fighting with the manager in the store and the people at corporate they made me drive the merchandise 50 miles away to the main warehouse. Then I had to drive back to the store to pay the restock fee cause they would not take the payment at the warehouse. I was told the account was closed in good standing and thought it was done now I get a call months latter from there internal collections department saying I did not make my payment and they show a balance on the account after talking with the store and corporate and the BBB this issue still has not been fixed keep in mind I did the purchase November 2013 and did the return December 2013 and it's almost march 2014 and this is still going on.
1	Conned by Conn's!!!  We bought a table from Conn's several months ago. We got a 12 month same as cash deal. When we received our first bill there was an interest charge. So we called the finance company and they said we had to talk to Conn's. When we called Conn's we were told to talk to the finance company. So my husband went into the store to speak to the manager. He told us that our sales person entered something incorrectly and that it would be fixed. The following month our bill still shows interest, so we go back, they have no notes of our previous conversation so we start over. Long story short, 4 months later, dozens of phone calls and still no results. I will never shop there again and recommend that no one else does.
1	So one day I went to Conns to look for a daybed. They have some at their website, so the fact that daybeds are not extinct is pertinent to my review. After strolling for just a little, avoiding salesmen with fake smiles I got confronted with a question if I could need some help and I said "Sure, I am looking for a daybed". The salesman stated that he had a few and he would show me the most cost effective one, as I followed him through the store. Suddenly he stops in front of a piece of furniture, lifts his hand in a vague 'Tadaah' gesture. Not exactly sure what this piece of furniture was, but it was not a daybed.. more a bulky, loungy piece. i stated the obvious that this was not a daybed, and then he starts to explain that daybeds are no longer in demand and people are buying this instead. As I said, I know that this company sells daybeds.. and yet this fellow shows me what he feels that style and personal preference should head towards. Once he realize that this is not what I am looking for he asks me to follow him again and takes me to this huge, nice and very plush recliner. He asks/demands that I sit and ask if i am comfortable, which I sure am. He tells me that this is so comfy it could replace a bed. He says that he in fact sleeps in one of these at his house. It is in fact better than any bed. While this is the dumbest thing I have heard all day, and as much as I can accept that he too has an opinion.. this is far off from a daybed - the piece of furniture that I had in mind. Then he shows me a couch with a "daybed"... eh, then he says 'they call it a chaise lounge'. Yes they do. That is another piece of furniture that is also NOT a daybed. great for many occasions and purposes, unless the customer is looking for.. let's say, a daybed.Before this fool throws in the towel of his amateur attempt of swaying a customer into buying something that he/she doesn't want, he throws a last effort to tell me how comfortable the bunk beds are. Again, I do feel that the good ole bunk bed has a time and a place.. but it doesn't take a place as a casual piece of furniture that double as a place to nap when the occasion arises.There is a special terrace in purgatory for poor salesmen. "O' thee fool of lack of professionalism and stuporI recon thy non compos mentis in the name of Acedia and, in His vicar, the forth terrace will serve your abode."
5	I love Conn's. My wife and I bought a bedroom set from them in January, and I discovered something. Pay your bill on time and they love you (SHOCKING!!) Someone is complaining about their item being broken, but they give you a number to call with broken merchandise and they'll take care of it. My wife and I went back on the 24th and bought a new TV and stand, and boy our experience was even better then our first. Again, I love this store. The products are better then Walmart (so you'll pay more) but it is worth it. I do not think our TV was even more expensive then it would be anywhere else. Yeah, the sale people hoover around you (they are sale people after all) and they do work on commission. Again, you pay you bill on time, they love you there. Guess what, I make my payments for my car on time and the car dealer loves me also. I would recommend them to everyone, and hey you get to build up your credit a little also....
1	Beware of this place. I Bought $3000 dollars worth of furniture here. Financed it and had it delivered. It arrived and it was the wrong furniture. So I refused it. They took it back. Called the store the next to tell them to forget the whole thing. The kept the deliver charge of $129. OK, whatever. Shortly there after, I started getting threatening phone calls all day long at home and at work. I tried to explain the situation. They wanted there $3000 no matter what. Got it all resolved after I got the Attorney General involved.  They used my $129 delivery charge to pay the first payment on the furniture so it would be the finance company's problem. Your dishonest ways did not work this time Conn's.
1	I wrote this to Conns and they have done nothing:To Conns,Thank you for not doing anything. Installing a dishwasher that breaks my counter top when I turned it on is something you did do. I guess in your world, I was just suppose to pay for the dishwasher and use it as a decorative piece. I also saw how your sales guy slipped a 4 year warranty in on my microwave. Why would I need that when I have home warranty on everything I own? You disguised that charge by putting it next to the installation for $.01. Very smart to take advantage of a disabled war veteran. Oh my microwave, your guys lying about the hardwire so my 70 year old father can do what was promised. You did take off the installation, all $.01, which I established, is a ruse on your part. Way to go Cons. You screwed over a disabled war veteran.
