1	Just had the worst experience at this station. The lady behind the counter had the worst sense of customer service I've ever seen. I accidentally hit the debit card button instead of credit. When I told her that I made a mistake she just looked at me. I repeated my error and she barked that I needed to hit cancel. I explained to her that it's not my job to know how this works. She then gave me attitude about being on my phone. It's not your job to counsel me on etiquette. In any case I walked out of there choosing to spend my money elsewhere.
5	Everyone that works here are caring and lovely people (the guys). I just found out one of the people who worked here has passed away. If it is who I think it was, I went in there one night upset after a fight with my husband and I was crying. He reminded me not to worry about the small things and anything was able to be worked out. It was nice to have someone take notice and offer support. I'm upset he is no longer with us. If it's any consolation to his family and friends, he made a difference in my life and he was a great person. Also, Arlin is another nice person at Stayshons who stands out as a good person.
4	Every now and then a movie comes along and changes your life.This Chevron is like one of those movies. Stayshon's is my spot because it's close to the freeway, the gas is usually the cheapest in the area, and it's one of two Chevrons that carries my favorite protein shakes. Also, this place is open 24 hours. Yeah. For you people that hate your lives, they have unhealthy, greasy fried food...and cheap cigarettes. If you like both of these things, keep it up. Seriously. Less traffic for me in the long run. I like solutions...this is one of them. Peace.
3	I've never actually gone inside the convenience store here, but this is my go-to gas station along the 101.  I drive all over the East Valley for my job (selling real estate), and Chevron's gas is well-known to be one of the best you can put in your car, so I go out of my way as often as possible to go here.
4	I never really think about writing a review about a gas station, that is, until I was on the outskirts of Chandler and out of gas. I consulted in my trustee yelp app and found a Chevron and when I did, I made the decision that I needed to show more gas stations yelp love. This Chevron is loyal, efficient and convenient. I never feel uncomfortable here and I know I can get in and out in no time. Plus there are plenty of gas pumps and they have a convenience store full of essentials. And, don't forget that it never closes! The end.
1	Prices are often way too high!
4	Great location, lots of gas pumps. Easy to get in-and-out of: right off the 101, about 30 seconds west of the freeway.I only go to Chevron and this is where I go besides the one on Scottsdale Rd and Bell.
4	Gas is decently priced but if you are a smoker, one of the best priced around.
3	Another gas station, what more can you say.....
5	Clean on the inside. Looks big but only went inside to get gas so I didn't really get to see how big the whole store was. Somewhat cheap gas for the Scottsdale area.
2	I drop by this Chevron from time to time.  It gets very busy during the daytime.  I used to come here more frequently, but I find that sometimes they're out of premium unleaded, but I don't know until I pull up to the pump and see a little note on the pump.  That irritates me.  However, when I need gas and I'm in the area, I have no choice.Return Factor - 50%
2	I usually go to this location because it's convenient to my home, but the last 2 times I've been there it's been very bad experience, SUPER slow pumps, and to top it off 2 stations closed, someone else that was also having the same issue commented to me that it's their fuel pump filters that are dirty/clogged... That can't be good for our vehicles. Anyways hope they read this and do something about it
5	Awesome local gas station that's open 24/7 with friendly cashiers who treat me like the regular I am, their mini mart is always stocked with goodies and they always have a sale on sodas/water/energy drink at crazy prices, I stop in just to get drinks sometimes, another note is they do not serve alcohol Incase you're looking for a quick stop, but the just opened a car wash with great hand dry service still sun down
5	I have to admit that the primary reason I come to Stayshons is for the Coca Cola Freestyle machine. $1 for 32 oz, $1.50 for 44 oz and refills are under a dollar.The pumps and register get busy, but everything moves quickly. The employees are friendly. I had my windshield replaced at my work by their mobile service at no cost (via auto insurance). I had a lot of chips with a few small cracks, they approached me at a pump. It went well and I have had no issues.Great place!
1	I was approached by Erin at this gas station to have my windshield repaired.  I let them call my insurance company and set up an appointment with me to fix my windshield (between 8 and 12).  I waited--no show, no call.  I called them and the woman who answered couldn't find my paperwork, so she said she would call me back.  Guess what. No call back after about an hour.  I called again and she said, "What? They didn't call you?" After I had already spent four hours of my day waiting on these people!  No thanks.  I will not be returning to this station and will never do business with them again. Their gas is way overpriced, too.
2	I come here every day sometimes several times a day but only within the last few weeks this "24/7" gas station is being closed almost every night between 2 am and I don't know when frankly because I never stick around to find out. Not seeing any other vehicles here other than other customers who's business they're losing (6 people with in the  last  5 minutes to 10 minutes or so) I wonder if the store owner knows his business is being closed for so long every night? Other than that I love this place and I'll change my review to 5 stars to reflect that once this issue has been Resolved.
