2	It's gets the job done. The "Deluxe" bit might be a bit of a stretch as the facility appears to have had better days. This will never be confused with a main stream or premium range hotel but I am not sure anyone would be surprised by that. I would not stay here with the family for a vacation but for a bed and a shower while working out of town it suffices.
1	The wheels completely fell of this place!  After enduring a number of weeks here for work I finally gave up living in the slum and moved to a much better location right around the corner.  One to many mornings with a cold shower, cigarette burnt bedding, mystery stained towels, and horrible smells in the hallways.
1	Hated it. Dirty, nasty, things left in fridge & bathroom from prior guest. Smells like cigarettes all in hallway & room. Will never stay here again!
1	Worst hotel stay in AZ! A/C could not keep room at comfortable temp. In-room kitchenette had roaches. Asked for clean towels and were told over the next 3 hours they were being cleaned.  After waiting 3+ hours, Staff said if we wanted clean towels we were to bring our dirty towels down and retrieve our own clean towels!
4	My friend booked us here and she hasn't read the reviews, otherwise we wouldn't have stayed.  She chose it because it was central and close to the clinic and the price was right for our budget.  I'm very pleased to say that the staff has turned this hotel around!  Friendly staff, clean common areas and spacious quiet rooms.  I've never stayed at an extended stay before and I'm not sure what I expected but I am very happy with the last three days.  I didn't try the pool but it looked nice from a distance.  I'll be back for my next trip into Phoenix.
1	Everything everyone just said in there reviews is true! Plus they don't clean there rooms but every 7 days. Yes 7 days & they don't have room service you have to go down stairs to get your own towels & etc & you hope someone is at the front desk. This place doesn't even deserve a star more like a fallen star. Obviously I will not be coming back here again.
1	Everything was bad. Room was really dirty, carpet with stains, toilet, sink. Ugh!!! There was a really bad smell coming out of the A/C....seriously there was nothing good about this place. Never again!! Not worth my money.
1	ROACHES AND BLOOD ON SHEETS AND TOWELS!I got this hotel through hotels.com, I do realize this was not a 5 star Hilton and was not expecting it to be, but what we experienced was not acceptable at any level of hotel.  We got this hotel because hotels.com recommended it and it was one of the "discount help us fill rooms at this special rate" type deals, the online photos looked clean and I thought it would be nice for a 2 night stay....well I was VERY WRONG, upon check in of our room we noticed a nasty smell, blood on the towels, not thinking more than making a comment of it at check out since we luckily brought our own...The hotel bed sheets were dirty (Also with blood stains) HIV positive? WHO KNOWS? so we had to sleep on our towels on top of the bed, the bed was like sleeping on a sleeping bag on the floor at best. The worst came the second night when my wife woke up around 1am to get some water, upon turning on the lights there were 5 large roaches in the kitchen area, 4 of them ran under the fridge while the other tried to come towards the bed, my wife tripped over the trash can and nearly hit her head on the TV stand, after killing the roach I went down stairs to complain, there was also another guest looking for help because there were roaches in his room as well, there was NO ONE who worked at the hotel there on a SATURDAY night, So my wife and I left a note, and left to another hotel, we were driving around phoenix for and hour to find a DECENT AND CLEAN hotel that had a room, it was $200 for not even a full night, Mind you still have not heard back from the Extended stay hotel 2 days later and have called but yet to receive a call back.   On top of that walls are VERY thin and heard people doing the nasty down the hall in our room with the door shut, WORST EXPERIENCE EVER, Never going to an extended stay America or using hotels.com again.UPDATE***** They gave me a $10 Gift Card...Talk about a bad business.
3	Our stay started with a wait to check in. We arrived an hour before the official check in time of 3pm. We can understand them being busy, as it is currently spring training season for baseball in Phoenix. The front desk was empty, but there was a sign up to call "0" for help. An attendant came, explaining she was doing both the front desk and checking rooms for being ready. I think they may be a little understaffed. The lobby is nice and clean. The room smelled and looked clean. The carpet was stained, but for 85$ a night for a busy weekend, it's nice. It's not a four star hotel and we weren't expecting that. The fridge was a full size and worked well. There wasn't any shampoo/conditioner in the room, and they ran out when we asked for some at the front desk. The staff were friendly. We didn't see any mystery stains or cockroaches that the other yelp reviews talk about.
1	Everything went great until we got to the room and found BED BUGS in our bed!!! My boyfriend called the front desk to let them now and the only thing they would offer us was a new room. There was blood on our sheets from the bed bugs and previous occupants, and yet the staff was not accommodating or willing to comp our room. There was a fire in one of the rooms while we were staying and we all had to be evacuated for an hour. This was a horrible place to stay and I am surprised it has not been shut down yet!!!
1	If you are reading this and thinking of staying here... RUN!!! This place is beyond discusting! From the dirty, cigarette butts everywhere entrance to the stains on the bed spread this place is bad. We decided to hang in there and complete our stay ( of a week ) because of it's location to the hospital. This morning when I went to get in the shower, which had to be scrubbed with bleach because of the black mold, I was startled by a cock roach BIG AS A BUICK!!!!! Great location and low price but it's not worth it!!
1	Ranks up there with the worst hotel i've ever stayed! There was a dirty plate in the sink. I was put in a smoking room despite having requested non smoking. There was open (used) bar of soap in the bath tub.  My Co worker was placed in a room that was never cleaned (luckily they moved her into a cleaned room). The couch was disgusting! I feel dirty after staying there. The only good thing was the shower head had good pressure.
1	What a dump! One cannot have high expectations when staying at an extended stay, the cheap rooms are ideal for drug addicts, prostitutes, and those down on their luck.  BUT, one doesn't expect to find the drug addicts working the front desk.  Everything I said, everything, had to be repeated at least twice. If I wasn't checking in with a company credit card, and under a company mandate to keep it cheap, I would have walked right then. My "non-smoking" room had the lovely aroma of smoke from the previous tenant and mildew. From the dust and grime buildup in the corners, nooks, and crannies, it appeared  that the last time the room had a thorough cleaning was pre-9/11. Luckily I've been stuck in an extended stay before so I was armed with a large can of Lysol and a jar of disinfecting wipes. After doing the cleaning the staff should have done, the room was tolerableYou may ask "why not complain?" The complaints in these establishments typically fall on deaf ears, move you to another crappy room, and make the rude service even worse.
1	My stay at the extended stay so far is horrible. In my room we have bed bugs and front desk can't get pest control in for about two more days. I asked to be transferred to a new room and was denied because of " full occupancy " when guest were clearly checking out as i was talking to them. my experience here has been HORRIBLE from the moment I checked in. If you're thinking of staying here you must be crazy RUUUUUUUUUUNNNNN!!!!!
4	Okay, some of the reviews that I've seen on here are completely unrealistic. For those people who aren't habitual complainers and live in reality, you will understand that in life, the saying is always true: you get what you pay for. I've stayed in plenty of 5-star hotels; this isn't one of them, nor did it ever claim to be. But, with that being said, my boyfriend and I moved to Phoenix a month ago and knew we wanted to stay in an extended stay hotel until we got to know Phoenix and could decide on a long term place to stay. And we couldn't honestly be happier here (knowing that this is short term of course). The staff? Great. We've never ever had a problem with the few questions or requests that we've had over the past month. They are more than willing to help if you need anything. The rooms? Meh. They are what they are...but they ARE in the process of completely renovating the hotel. The third floor is almost done, then they're moving on to the second, then the first. And I've seen what the new rooms are going to look like...absolutely awesome! By the time all three floors are finished, this place will be smelling new, looking new, and I personally think that it will bump the reviews up big time. The location of the hotel is PERFECT if you like the downtown atmosphere of Phoenix. You couldn't be closer to the light rail. Grocery stores, banks, Roosevelt Row, yummy restaurants...all just a few minutes away. No more than a 5 minute drive. For those who complain about the grab and go breakfast...again, you know what you're signing up for. Not a continental breakfast, but it gets us by. Chewy granola bars, oatmeal, muffins, fruit and COFFEEE. What else could you ask for? If you want eggs, the rooms all have stoves so you can cook them yourself! Anyways, I like it here and I'm picky. But also realistic. If you want a place to lay your head down that is safe (it IS right near downtown so sometimes the zombies are out at night...no fault of the hotel, just typical downtown environment), perfectly located, with a nice staff and pretty good amenities, PLUS renovated rooms, this is a good place to stay. Screw what everyone is complaining about. Just be realistic when you stay here and you'll be good to go! :)
1	place is a dump.Walking up the stairs and you see the cheap reconditioning of the walls paint . That I could care less. Walking through the room you see dresser that's scratched up and marks of not matching paint that of something someone would picked up at a curb side. And it's half way wiped.the bed had like a $20 matress and the toilet seat had cigarette burn marking along with a complimentary pubic hair and screwed loosely to the bowl.The wifi internet is slower than my cell phone in 3G mode. If you want acceptable speed you have to pay for it.The Brenda lady in the front is absolutely useless. Get everything on paper. Her word means nothing.I'm glad I left the place and went to best western 10 min after checking in. And got charged for the 3 days and useless Priceline( fake reviews of place) didn't do jack.And a message to kylie's "realistic comment". How does remodeling the place in the future make for a realistic stay today at extended stay America? It's amazing what people write for money. Absolutely no shame.This place. Is a health hazard and I will be notifying the department of health.
