4	You can't miss foodies, it's stylish exterior and interior are very welcoming and the tasty cupcakes are always in prime location so that whenever I walk past it's hard to resist temptation of getting a tasty cake.Around lunchtime, this place is always full to bursting and it's the perfect size offering a rather large seating area in addition to a large waiting area if you're looking to takeaway.Last time I popped in for a roll filled with cheese and ham, the ingredients were fresh but it wasn't as exciting or as tasty as nearby Thyme and whilst chomping on my roll, I kind of wishes that I was chomping on a brie and cranberry Thyme roll instead. The cakes are amazing and I've sample more than a few of their cupcakes but I can't help but feel that Foodies is a case of style over substance and the food actually looks better than it tastes.If you're looking for a pick-me-up, it's worth noting that they also have a good selection of tasty smoothies on offer, all at very reasonable prices.
3	Foodies is a new discovery for me. Ever since I started working for Fest and having to be in the office at Paterson's Land, I've had to find new places to eat in Holyrood, since I'm not that well-versed in that area. Holyrood kinda seems like the end of Edinburgh to me, a metaphorical cul-de-sac. Foodies is one of our first picks after Thyme (nothing beats avocado and walnuts and roast peppers in a sandwich for me). The interior really doesn't meet the expectations you might get from the outside of the cafe. The outside is sleek and shiny, where the inside is homely and wooden. They also sell a variety of things there that I kind of wouldn't have expected to find. Organic ales (one of them being priced ridiculously because it's percentage is 40%), organic soaps and chocolate and spreads an stuff. Which is kinda cute, but because of the way it's all laid out, makes me feel like eating the soap. They have decent sandwiches and pretty good coffee, though it's quite pricey. You can also both takeaway or sit in, and the sit-in space is decent and not too cramped. Last time I was there, though, the service was slow (it's the festival, everything becomes hectic) and I had to wait about 20 minutes for a sandwich. In any case, it wasn't so bad. And the girls who worked there definitely didn't deserve to get yelled at like they did by customers that day.
4	7:20 am The torturous awakening by some high pitched noise I have chose to be my  alarm. Sounds like someone is already in the shower, another 15 minutes in bed.... bonus.7:35 am........ crap. If I really don't get in that shower I am going to be late for my lecture on cremated remains that awaits me at 9, after I have just eaten breakfast, really?!?! - AH breakfast.8:20 am - Bleary eyed and bobbing along to some generic 'wake me up' tune I stumble into Foodies at Holyrood. Having been before I walk in confidently knowing exactly what I want.... a strawberry and banana smoothie, to kick start my energy for the day and what I must admit is the biggest pain au chocolat I have EVER had. Yummers.This place seems to have a good vibe about it, friendly staff, the menu seems pretty extensive and reasonably priced. I have learned two things from writing this review,1-I really need to change my alarm to something a little less painful for my early rise trips to Foodies2-  I must go back for lunch one day, baked potato with spicy thai prawn sounds to die for!
3	I discovered Foodies today when I was looking for (now closed) Thyme.  It's a cute place - attractively presented with tasty looking cakes to greet you as you walk in.  Right in front of you is the takeaway counter and to your right down some stairs is the table service bit.  That's nice, it's always good to have options, right?One of the first things I noticed (naturally) was that they sell wine, beer and bubbly here.  I'm not sure how often they have the Holyrood working crowd sneaking a cheeky wee beer with their sarnie, but surely the last thing we need are tipsy politicians, no?  Thoughts of trams and all that ...More likely, these boozy offerings go hand in hand with their brilliant idea of renting out picnic blankets.  I believe you pay a deposit for the blanket and get most of it back when you actually return it.  WIth a location right next to Arthur's Seat, it's a brilliant idea.  You can pop in here and get a tasty wee picnic, a bottle of bubbly, and a blanket with your sweetie.  Pretty cool.  Shame we don't often get the weather for it.  With all of that cool and kitchy stuff, this place does unfortunately fall down a wee bit.  I ordered a ciabatta (tasty, fresh and herby) with brie and cranberry.  Where for art thou brie?  I believe I had a taste of you in the beginning... In a sandwich that has only two ingredients, you really really can't be stingy.  I mean, I do understand that there is only SO much brie you can put in a sandwich, so maybe get a little creative and put a few more fillings in it?  I did notice that their filling selection was pretty standard and a bit bland.  Spice it up a bit!  So, a cute place with nice staff and some great ideas, but just complete the deal with some good and well-filled sandwiches and you'll be on your way.
2	Cant say im that impressed by Foodies.Pretty grumpy staff.......over priced food.........stale cakes....! Not feeling it. Seems like they have had a bit of a fall from grace, maybe not uqite as good as it used to be?Lots of people raved about it but whenever I get lunch from there im a bit disappointed!
2	I've been to Foodies many times because it's located conveniently right next door to my house.  However, the mediocre food and the miserable staff eventually turned me off.  Frequently my requests were ignored (I would ask for a scone warmed up, and receive it stone cold) and I was always made to feel like I was irritating the staff just be coming in.  Also, who doesn't serve eggs at breakfast?  Not impressed.
