4	Rocksalt is a very nice cafe on the way to the Shore. Sitting next to a clutch of lunchtime haunts, this place stands out as quietly superior due to its excellent grub, decent prices and relaxed atmosphere. I think I might be obsessed with mezze platters at the moment, and this is my favourite choice from Rocksalt. For less than 6 quid, you'll get a genuinely monstrous plate of food featuring stuffed vine leaves, couscous, marinated green beans, feta cheese, olives, salad, tzatziki, marinated aubergines and a massive wrap to...erm... wrap it all up in. It's SO frickin' good. My only bone of contention? It's quite cold in there sometimes - huge floor to ceiling windows and customers coming in and out do nothing for my internal heating system. This is also a favoured stop for yummy mummy with small child in tow. If you're not into the sprogs, then steer well clear... But if you are a yummy mummy, then put this on the top of your kid-friendly list!
4	My mate just moved to Western Harbour and asked me if I'd like to join her in finding some good eateries near her new place.  Never one to turn down an invitation for food, we walked into Rock Salt for lunch.  What a delightful cafe!  Tucked away from the hustle and bustle of Leith on Constitution St., Rock Salt is open, bright, and full of amazing fresh sandwiches and soup.  It's two pounds more to eat in, but unlike other places who offer cheap take aways Rock Salt provides freshly made sandwiches already wrapped up so you can just grab-and-go.  Along with salads, smoothies, and bread it's the perfect place to grab lunch.My mate and I decided to sit in in their large eating area, and I ordered the chicken Caesar sandwich.  I was so hungry when I sat down, but the food was so big and delicious I couldn't finish my plate!  For a fiver I received a massive sandwich on fresh bread, a side salad, slaw, and crisps.  Seriously so god and couldn't finish.  Needless to say my friend has a new lunch place, and if I lived closer I would visit Rock Salt frequently!  Definitely recommend when you're in the Leith area
4	I've only been to Rocksalt once for lunch.  I am rarely in that part of town but was doing a training course at the weekend so decided to try it for lunch.  Comfy sofas, decent coffee, nice food.  The place is quite big and seems to be family-friendly.
