3	This place pumps out tacos as fast as Mcdonald's does hamburgers. It's a site to see if nothing else. The tacos are tasty, the salsa bar has plenty of options, and their soda fountain has a lot of choices. They let you pretty much design your own tacos from several different types of meats and salsas. I like the concept, and they execute it well. It's not kept very clean, and you might have to clean your own table. It's always over run with kids, but if you are looking for a quick taco on the westside, it's a pretty decent bet.
5	I'm a native of  El Paso, TX, so my love of this place is by no means new.  I can remember when the only place I could get their food was in Juarez, Mexico, which is literally a hop, skip and jump away from El Paso.  My friends and I usually made a day of it; a little shopping, a "little" drinking, and a lot of tacos.  This was probably like 18 years ago.  Imagine my excitement when they opened their first restaurant in El Paso.  It was right next to the university I went to (UTEP), so as a "starving" student, I used to fill up on their cucumbers and guacamole salsa at their condiment bar. My husband I moved to Phoenix back in 2000.  Needless to say, I really missed the food from El Taco Tote.  Holy crap!  I was ecstatic when they opened a restaurant in Tuscon.  I'm famous for saying that I'll go anywhere for food, this was certainly no exception.  A little two hour trek for DELICIOUS tacos was well worth the drive.OK, so obviously, I just about shit my pants when they opened one in Phoenix on Camelback and 35th Ave.  I went on their grand opening week and relished in their amazing, hot off the grill, beef fajita tacos.  They have something called the "Taco Tote Pack".  It comes with two tacos of your choice and a gigantic baked potato.  I agree, that's a little weird, but that does not take away from it deliciousness.  You are seriously getting incredibly fresh ingredients, as you can even see the ladies making fresh tortillas as you wait for your food.  Where this place gets even better is at their taco-topping wonderland.  You have every conceivable salsa and topping that allows you to have your tacos "your way".  I agree with the last review by John V. that the place a bit chaotic, but I think that's part of it's charm.  So if you're in the mood for an unpretentious place, with fantastic tacos, El Taco Tote will definitely  hit the spot.
5	This place takes the cake when it comes to good food fast!  Used to come here for lunch while working in the area.  Basically order one of there combos, or create your own tacos.  Lot's of different meats to choose from.  Fresh tortillas being pressed in front of you, what more can you ask for? The salsa bar has a lot of choices.  I miss you el taco tote, haha.
4	Yes, this place has really great tacos. I was very happy they expanded to the Phoenix area. They first started in Juarez, Mexico and then El Paso. Being an El Paso native it is nice to have some really good Mexican food from your hometown. I would give it five stars, but I don't want to be biased.
4	Yum.  My new favorite Taco Shop.Awesome salsa bar.Several people dedicated to making fresh tortillas.All sorts of beef, chicken, pork and *other* meat.
5	This place rocks! The sirloin plate is the way to go. The salsa bar is great, the tortillas are fresh and the staff is friendly.  My family loves it and my staff and I drive up from Health Coach in downtown Phoenix just to have dinner there after work on occasion!
3	The locals like this place and so do I.  Tortillas made right in front of you and the menu is full of pics in case you don't know what something is.  Couple of good salsas too at the salsa bar.
3	Nothing about this place is average, but it all averages out to average.Nice salsa bar. Good pastor, but not great. Good adobada, but not great. Self service ordering with table delivery that's a little erratic. Meal showed up first, then the margarita. It was hard to find chips to have with the salsa. It's in a old Denny's with a bright paint job added. The booths were spaced out oddly. If I sat back in my booth, I was about a meter away from my food.
4	Yum tacos.. Awesome salsa bar.. Near my campus... All things bueno..
5	Love this place!!  They make the tortillas and tortilla chips fresh in house!  I love the Pork Adobado, that is my favorite and the salsa variety is great!  They do get super busy though, that's the only downside!
5	Wow! Talk about the best meat I have ever tasted at a fast food Mexican joint. Just incredible. Carne Asada from Heaven
5	It was VERY busy, so it took awhile to even order, but it was crazy delicious! The tortillas were to die for. It was cool to watch them make them. I LOVED the rice!
4	This place is delicious.  Tortillas made fresh, great high quality grilled meats and overall very high quality food.  You must try there Barbacoa tacos it is the most delicious meat I don't  know how they make it but it is ridiculously good and satisfying.
4	You can smell of the sizzling fajitas from outside of the restaurant.  I have stopped by around 12PM expecting a very long line, but it wasn't as bad as I thought.  I had ordered 1 pound of top sirloin and 1 pound of beef fajitas.  I figured that might not be enough to feed 4, so added a super quesadillas.   The fajitas were juicy, savory, and accompanied with handmade tortillas.  They have a pretty impressive salsa bar.   A huge selection of flavorful salsa's range of spice levels, fresh guacamole, large jalapenos, and salted fishes.  The chips were very good, freshly made and warm.   I had waited at least 25 minutes before getting my order.  I definitly will call ahead next time.
4	So, one day my co-worker asks me if I want the other half of her breakfast burrito. Being the nice co-worker I am, I say yes. I ate the half of burrito around 10am. I was not hungry until nearly dinner time. Not only was the burrito very filling but it was delicious. Even without salsa, the burrito was seasoned very well and you can tell it was homemade versus being typical fast food. Ever since then, when I have $4 I head over for a breakfast burrito to eat for breakfast and lunch. I had their chicken enchiladas as a platter for lunch and the green salsa was so yummy. For $8 I got 3 homemade enchiladas, nachos, re-fried beans, and rice. El Taco Tote is a great place for a lunch or dinner date. It's not formal like Friday's or Carraba's but if you don't have a bunch of money but want great Mexican food, this is the place to be.
4	It's funny - I wrote a review about another location of this restaurant and wasn't too impressed, but now I come a couple times a week. I usually get the lunch special of two tacos, beans, and rice. It comes with a drink and is a good price. They have the bar with various sauces and fixin's. I like the green and the brown salsas the most. I have had the chicken enchiladas, the potato, and the nachos (not the small nachos, the pachos). All are good. The tacos and enchiladas come plain and you dress them up yourself on the bar. Pick up the free chips at the counter. This is one of my two most regular lunch time establishments. If you go at lunch around 12:30 it has been known to be packed. I try to get there at 12 and there are a few people in line, but not as bad.
3	I've had better tacos at street stands. But service and ambient was good.
4	This is what Carne Asada is supposed to taste like.  The meat is so flavorful you can it by itself, with no salsa or toppings.The little tacos are really tasty and the salsa bar is pretty great too.If you order the full size tacos then you get freshly made tortillas.  That is a sign of a serious taco shop.The food is not cheap but they make up for it with big portions and free chips.
2	I will say that the Carne Asada is very good here but after that I am not a fan of El Taco Tote.  This is not to say that they are a bad restaurant.  I just don't like their food.I will say that this location is always packed so they must be doing something right but as far as I am concerned.  Meh.  I've experienced better.
2	Don't trust the 3-star or better reviews.... they probably got some local "stuff" in their food.El Taco Tote is nothing short of being overpriced per the quality.  Perhaps that's because people go there to get free chips and fixings from the salsa bar.  I don't blame them though- I'd probably do the same if I were short on cash.  Anyways, paying customers dish out around $8-10 per plate.  I tried the "Quatro Tacos" (yes, that's "4 tacos" in ingles) during my first visit.  It tasted decent, but was not filling and of the quality that I expect considering that I could go somewhere like Sweet Tomatoes and get a better overall experience.So, if one were to use inductive logic, I'd say there are probably better options out there.  Keep searching!  I can't put my stamp of approval on El Taco Expensivo!
2	Picture your average ----berto's but with a beer and a salsa bar.No scratch that, at least those places put some effort into your food. Got the biggest burrito they had "huge burrito? Buritto Tote? Something like that. Just barely warm. Adobado had decent flavoring but was masked by ample lettuce and cold, shredded cheddar. Recommended red salsa tasted like paprika and liquid smoke.They have some groovy options here, no doubt. Their tortillas are obviously above average, but what goes inside of them is disappointing. If you have the patience to find out what does and doesn't work in lieu of a dozen options nearby, get at me and I'll reconsider.
1	This place is in the neighborhood and I wondered about it. I never thought I would go in a million years. I stopped by tonight because I just missed Subway's door closing. Granted, I did not order much and maybe 10pm on a Sunday night of a holiday weekend was not the best time for them. All I can say is, "Yuk!" The place was disgustingly dirty.    The Chicken Quesadilla and Pineapple Empanada that I received were beyond disgusting. (and I rarely say that about food) The Quesadilla had hardly no cheese on it or maybe none at all. I opened it up to look at it thinking they gave me the wrong order because it did not even look like a Quesadilla. It was very thick and lumpy. Not cooked enough maybe? The Empanada tasted more like a week old donut. It was hard, and stale.    The Salsa Bar was like a Pollo Asada. It had a lot of variety but it was so dirty. Also, none of the sauces had anything special going for them. They did not have any flavor or consistency. One was like water. Ewhhh! I guess people rave about their Carne Asada but I will stick to Gallo Blanco.   I hope I don't get food poisoning. I have to say something positive so I will say the girl who was working the counter was very friendly.
5	Plenty of choices in meat and salsas. They have barbacoa like that of chihuhua, mexico. One of the only places I know. Delicious! You can see them cooking up the meet from where you order and they have a place facing the dining area where someone is making the tortillas fresh. How awesome.  The have tostadas to snack on, and plenty of salsa to choose from their Salsa and Toppings Bar. they give you a number and then they bring your meal to your table.  I go there for the tacos, but they also have enchiladas, burritos, flan, rice, beans (refried and ranchero), and so much more.  Highly recommend!Casual Dinning.
5	I find myself making excuses to go down to Grand Canyon University (my son goes there) so that we can dine at El Taco Tote. It is a rare find: clean, efficient place serving authentic Mexican dishes. We took our houseguest from Ensenada and he agreed.  The Borcheta is my favorite, consisting of diced grilled steak, bacon, onions and peppers, served on a sizzling skillet. I smother it with some of the excellent salsas from the salsa bar and eat with the flour tortillas made right in front of my eyes.  We've tried many of the dishes on the menu and haven't had anything we wouldn't order again.
4	If a place's title has to say they are 'real', then that's always a red flag for me but boy was that thought easily changed for me. Friends parents come here twice a month so decided to check it out. They had me at HANDMADE TORTILLAS!! Drool...We went the route of ordering the meat by the pound which includes 10 tortillas. We got pork adobado and corn tortillas. Then add on the sides and condiments you want...rice beans guacamole. The meat comes to your table on a sizzling plate. Yum!  The tortillas that came with were no small soft taco ones. They were a good size. You could make a small burrito. Although they were a bit soft for my liking (I prefer them denser), they held up well considering how much meat, beans, etc we piled into it. They didn't fall apart like many street tacos do that aren't cooked right. Yes, salsa bar is great. I love that they have cilantro and onions separate. They even have cucumber slices!  Highly recommend. Now I see why the parents come here as often as they can.
5	I came from el paso, and this place reminds me of home. The barbacoa is as i know it, and its delicious! I love it. A little out of my way, but well worth it.
5	A neighbor of mine had been telling me about this place.  We live about 45min away.  I was in the area and stopped in for lunch.  I'm a sucker for street tacos.  It is the first thing I seek out when in Mexico or any hole in the wall.   This place was awesome!Tortillas were being made next to me while I ordered the daily special 3 tacos.  I had the Cana Asada.  The meat was lean and had great flavor.  The Salsa bar was the best I have seen.  Drink selection was great! The help your self warm chips were fantastic.Big Fan!  I will be back
3	El Taco Tote35th Ave & CamelbackCost: $3.5Service: 1 of 5, I couldn't understand the order person, took me 4 minutes to order a beer while one of the staff just looked at me. Actually gave us the wrong tacos.Presentation: 4 of 5, can put on your own toppings, and some of the tacos are big, and some are small, we couldn't tell the difference in how to order the big ones since we got the wrong ones on 2 of 3 orders. Taste: 5 of 5, great taste and fresh. If the service wasn't bad I'd go back.
1	Worst customer service ever!  Trying to redeem the check in deal was told that the special is expired and it's no good, when I just ordered $40 worth of food Togo.  The cashier was rude so was the manager..  Never coming back.
5	I've been to this place my whole life living here and it never gets old ... By far the best tacos ... I'm continue to take my kids here
1	Went in there to check it out being a nacho connoisseur.  I was severely disappointed.  For the price paid the good delivered, it was awful.  You can drive a little down the road, not much to Pepe Taco Villa or the Sun Up and get way better chicken nacho's.  And Sun Up has 5 dollar happy hour all day on Sunday for their drinks and food.
4	Was not bad. I was actually surprised. Menudo was really good and spicy. Their nachos were made for white people, chips smothered with nacho cheese/guac/refried beans topped with meat.Their sauce station was on point, loved the pico de gallo and guac sauce.When I come back for work I wouldn't mind going here again.
4	Had my dads Bday here T El Taco Tote.....it was great food.....first time here. Tortillas were hand made n in front of everyone....corn n flour....meats were tender n juicy. All in all dad loved it and walked out like Al Bundy with belt unbuckled n han in pants.....lmao!!!
5	Love the fresh, hot tortillas steaming off your plate, generous portions of carne asada, and the awesome salsa bar.
5	EL Taco Tote is an authentic Mexican restaurant specializing in tacos located here in Phoenix on the corner on Camelback and 35th Ave. They make their own tortillas right in front of you both flour and corn with a variety of meats ranging from barbacoa, shrimp, steak, and chicken. Yum!  Coming from a Mexican family and background I have had some pretty excellent food, and El Taco Tote takes me back and reminds me of home with their great food. I make a point to eat there as often as possible and it makes easier that I receive a student discount. My family also loves it when they visit, which is a big deal saying that it is Mexican food and they are used to good homemade tacos. I have been there numerous times and have yet to be disappointed. I give this taco joint 5 stars.
4	New to area.  Used Yelp to find a place to eat.  Thank you Yelp.Greeted by manager (owner?).  Made us feel very welcomed. The staff was very friendly and helpful.Best of all, the food was fresh and delicious.  Lots of wonderful choices.  Can't wait to go go back.
3	Sour cream is very good also it is unlimited so stock up. They come in little packages so maybe grab a few extra and take them home
3	My buddy Gabriel had told me about this place.  They have a bunch of them in El Paso, TX and those are the ones that he had been to.  Lo and behold, they have one here in Phoenix.  I was nearby and decided to stop in and try them out.  Some good, some meh.  You will see why in a bit.I pulled up to the place and walked inside.  The first thing I noticed were the ladies making homemade tortillas....good sign!  Second thing I noticed was how crowded it was.  Tons and tons of family having Sunday dinner there.  There was a line of about 10 people deep which was good because it gave me time to browse their menu.  Its freaking gigantic btw.  It is almost sensory overload.  They have breakfast items, combo items, individual items etc.  It was kind of a clusterfuck.  The main premise of everything is that they have about 6 kinds of meat you can pick from and then you can throw those in different plates, tacos, burritos, quesadillas etc.  I decided to go with the "Quatro Tacos" which is 4 small street sized tacos with your choice of either steak/carne (I refer to it this way because on the menu, it is listed as bistek.  When I asked the cashier, she referred to it as carne asada.  Same thing for the most part but if you are wondering why I am referring to it as 2 names, that is why) or adobada.  I went with 2 steak/carne asada and 2 adobada in corn tortillas.  I also went with a steak/carne asada quesadilla in a flour tortilla.  That and a regular drink came out to $14.80.  After I paid my bill, I wandered over and found a table.  On my way to my table, I noticed their huge salsa/condiment bar.  This thing had EVERYTHING you could imagine.  Onions, cilantro, radishes, cucumbers, peppers,  3 or 4 different kinds of salsas etc.  It was well stocked.  I also noticed they have free unlimited chips!  They have a huge warming bin with a couple of giant spoons/scoopers so you can grab your endless amount of chips.   I stocked up on salsas and chips and then took a seat.  It took awhile for my food to come out (15 minutes or so) but it was busy so I understood.  The lady finally brought it out and placed it in front of me.  Here is how everything tasted.......................Quatro Tacos ($7.49)-  I went with 2 carne asada and 2 adobada.  These were super small street sized tacos.  They were presented nicely with some lettuce garnish (didn't eat any of it though) and were laid side by side.  I put some onions, cilantro and avocado salsa on an adobada taco and dug in.  First thing I noticed were the homemade tortillas.  They were absolutely delicious.  They give you 2 small ones on top of each other.  Some of the best taco tortillas I can remember eating.  Now for the meat....meh.  It was too soft.  I like crispier adobada.  This was like chunked soft adobada.  The flavor was alright.  Not great, not horrible.  Definitely edible but far from great.  Next up I tried the steak/carne asada.  Loaded them up the same way as the adobada.  The meat itself was kind of meh again.  The steak had lots of gristle in it and it just wasn't seasoned properly.  It was plain old beef.  Throw some salt and pepper on that bad boy!  Season it up, son!  The tortilla was great, the meat was just alright.  Better than Taco Bell/Del Taco "steak" but nowhere close to as good as legit Mexican places that serve carne asada IMO.Steak/Carne Asada Quesadilla ($3.99)-  This thing came out wrapped up like a burrito.  A little odd but whatever.  I got this thing on a flour tortilla...once again, homemade and absolutely delicious!  The quesadilla was a little small though.  It was almost like a taco with a layer of cheese in it.  I noticed that the steak/carne asada was in larger chunks than my tacos.  Once again, the meat was a little chewy with bits of gristle and it wasn't seasoned well either.  It tasted like plain beef.  The cheese was good though and it was decent.   Don't think I would get this again.Chips-  Winner!  The tortillas here are AMAZING!  Whether its in a taco, quesadilla or chopped up into triangles for chips, the tortillas are on point.  The chips were warm, thin, crispy, salty etc.  My favorite part of this meal probably.Overall, the food was about a 2.  The homemade tortillas bump it up to a 3 though. Put it this way, if I was in the area and someone suggested we eat here, I would not say no.  I would try some other meat and try out something else on the menu.  If I woke up at my house in Surprise though, I would not specifically drive down here to eat.  The meat needed to be seasoned better, it took awhile to get my food, plus it was not cheap ($15.00).  The tortillas were so on point though.  They were FANTASTIC!   Yes, they were that good.  I could eat those things all day long.
2	Came back today to try this place out again.  Was craving some chips and tortillas so I came down.  Unfortunately, it will probably be my last time :-(.  I appreciate the follow up comment by the manager, but this place just isn't for me.  I ordered a chicken adobada taco and a regular grilled chicken taco.  That, a small drink and 3 corn tortillas was almost $12 bucks!  That is one reason I won't be coming back.  Its way way way too expensive for what you get.  The chicken was decent.  The adobada was pretty flavorful and the grilled chicken was alright.  Skimp though.  $3.39 for ONE taco.  The flour tortillas were good.  Not as good as last time but still homemade and good.  My side order of corn tortillas were just ok.  Free chips and fixings were decent.  The place was pretty much empty yet it still took a good 10 minutes for my food to come out.  Meh....not the worst meal ever but far from great and nothing from this visit improved upon my first time there.  I highly doubt I will be back.
1	I was really disappointed. The food was very dry. Not fresh at all. The rice and beans were so dry not even salsa was able to bring them back from the dead. I ordered the chicken burrito. The chicken was really gross tasting. It wouldn't let me give zero stars that's why it gets one.
3	Not really fast, not fine dinning either. Casual place to get tacos with handmade tortillas (corn and flour). Mexican sodas, beer, Jamaica, and Horchata. Good food, at fair prices. The salsa bar is a plus.
5	I had to wait for a tire to be put on my Gold Wing and came here for lunch. I thought this place was crazy good.I started off with fresh hot tortillas, fresh salsa bar, & all you can eat tortilla chips. I had the Chili Relleno combo plate with rice & beans. Everything tasted fresh & hot. This place was great, I will be back.
3	Food was fresh and I loved the salsa bar but one thing is clear here. Poor customer service....I walked in and was starred at by the employees as they called out some lady. The lady comes out some corner while counting money (manger lady?) and says in a not so pleasant voice "go to other register". Okay, so I go to other register as I wait for her to finish counting money. Keep in mind I've been waiting to have my order placed for about 6 minutes and I was the only customer in line to place an order. So she turns and gets upset at someone while taking my order and never once smiles or seem cherry throughout my experience  here. So, I get my order and sit down to enjoy my Mexican food and I notice that every employee here seems quiet and down. I've been to several Mexican restaurants and they seem very happy and welcoming. Then I here the same lady who took my order scold her the employees in front of all the customers! My goodness lady does someone need a career change? Overall food was good but I think next time I'll hit a friendlier environment.
