5	So unassuming on the outside, this place is adorable on the inside.  We went on a rainy and were promptly seated in the jam-packed dining area.  The dining room is small but well decorated with scenes painted on the walls (pagans? jesters?) and candles everywhere.  Our server was a lovely woman who, like everyone in Montreal, turned her French and English on and off with no issues.  She walked through the menu with us and gave us a delicious bruschetta while we chose our meals.  I went simple and had alfredo with shrimp, boy had manicotti.  Both were amazing.  Admittedly the manicotti was a wee bit better but I was not disappointed with my decision at all.  For dessert I opted for the chocolate rum mousse which was lightly sweet and majorly alcoholic.  There was a biscuit of some sort at the bottom the dish that was pure rum-soaked goodness.  Boy had tiramisu which was yummy too but I was honestly concentrating on getting drunk from mine.  Unlike most of the places we went the check arrived shortly after we finished.  I think that this place is so popular they want to turn the table over quickly.  I liked that as we sat waiting for uncomfortably long times at other places (reviews to follow).  I would say this is the best overall meal we had while in Montreal.  La Strega is affordable, friendly, quick and delicious.  You will not be disappointed spending your time and money here.
5	Cheap, DELICIOUS, and the waiter was so nice! The bruschetta before the meal was so tasty and unique. The fettuccine was great, but the canaloni was phenomenal! I'm pretty sure any of the dishes would have been excellent - and also very cheap (around $10 per entree).
3	Decent food and good service, very cheap prices. nothing special but ok in a pinch...
5	On a recent trip to Montreal, a friend and I wandered into this really lovely Italian restaurant in the heart of the Village. At first, I think he was skeptical since it was in the center of all the gay clubs, but we gave it a try.The garlic bread was amazing (simply the best I've ever had). There was an appropriate melt of cheese and garlic, so delicious.We had different entrees, and the pasta was perfectly done as were our sauces. I wanted to go back, but didn't have the chance.Additionally, for what we paid, it was a bargain! You would never think that you'd get an awesome meal for their prices, but they blew me away.
4	What a bargain!  I had a table d'hote there this weekend as the place was recommended by a friend we were visiting.  Nice atmosphere with red walls and vintage swing-era music playing.  I got a salad, a HUGE main dish and coffee for $14.95.The table d'hote menu included a daily special.  This turned out to be osso buco and was delicious and butter tender.  It came with a side of garlicky pasta that was also great.  The soup of the day was cream of spinach which was wonderful according to two others in the party who ordered it.Friendly service (very cute waiter to boot!)The inexpensive pasta with choice of sauces would make this place acceptable to kids too, though that is not really the target audience.Will certainly re-visit next trip to Montreal.
2	It's a cheap Italian restaurant. Not great quality food. Its made fast, so you are in and out fast.
5	You cannot beat this restaurant. We have eaten there many, many times since we live only 1.5 hours from Montreal. You cannot beat the value, and the service cannot be beaten. You will want to make a reservation this summer due to the high tourism season . The veal parm is my favorite dish !!! Outdoor sitting during the summer months.
4	Excellent. Busyblocation on Catherine st west in the heart of the gay village.   Crowded but efficient with solid pasta well made, simply done dishes that please!
4	Friendly, fast service.  Pasta cooked perfectly...al dente.  Lunch a great value, with specials that include coffee/tea, dessert,  soup/salad and main dish from 10.95.  All food was really good.
3	Decent food in an indecent neighborhood!I kid, I kid...the food wasn't that decent.  No, seriously, the food was fine. Nothing special but at least it didn't taste like Chef Boyardee.  Service was fairly slow and getting a drink was a process.  Were they trying to make sure we were dehydrated or something?My pasta was tasty and I do have to say the portion was so large I couldn't finish it.It's a solid place if you're looking for some red sauce while checking out the Village in Montreal.
4	Salvador Dali lines the walls of this little Italian spot in the village. Our waiter was accommodating, speaking to us in English due to our lack of French. The service was pleasant. Our waiter was patient and kind. The food at La Strega is tasty and the portions are large. The wine isn't bad either!
4	This is my favorite Italian restaurant in Montreal.  The food is always delicious.  I'm a fan of the gigi and papalini sauces.  Last night, I enjoyed the penne with scallops in rosee sauce.  Their pastas are very reasonably priced at only $11.95.  The green salad was very fresh and had a tasty creamy house dressing.  The soups are always delicious in the cooler months.  Don't miss the Witch of the Village!
