5	When my B/F And I came to visit Edinburgh, one of the things on our agenda was to go on a tour. We were near this place which feature Scottish whiskey when we read about the Cadies and Witchery Tours. We were instantly intrigued. We went on the Ghosts and Gore tour at 1930 and it was amazing. Our host was this man who called himself Alexander Clapperton (decreased). He was hilarious. He is from somewhere in England and enjoys entertaining people with history mixed in with some wholesome humor. Throughout the entire tour, our tour group was put to tears from laughing so hard. Even though it was raining, we had a great time. Tips to know: 1) the tour will continue regardless of weather. So be sure to wear sensible shoes and dress for the weather. 2) you can pay through the phone or in person when you reserve a spot on the tour. I strongly recommend going on this tour or on the Mystery and Murder tour which happens at 2030.
5	A MUST for every visitor. A definite must. Ghost tours are not scary but are very informative. They tell you stories which are not written in books but which your grandma generally tells you.Very interesting and fun...
5	In 2005 I went on a Witchery Tour.  In 2006 I moved to Scotland.  From California.  Coincidence?  I think not.  The Witchery Tours are led by a range of actors, historians and various other characters who lead you through Edinburgh's back streets and tell you interesting/comedy/dirty stories that revolve around Edinburgh's seedy past.  The tours are kitchy without being (in my opinion) obnoxious and tend to be best when they're attended by a group who have had a drink or eight and try their hand at heckling the guide who is inevitably much more clever than the heckler.  A definite must-visit.
1	I agree so hard with Wendy.  Thank you for giving it the perfect adjective:  obnoxious.This isn't a scary tour.  You get a lamely costumed "actor" running around with plastic masks and thin robes, acting like an imbecile.It's not an informative tour.  You get poorly told summaries of watered down stories, butchered from other more interesting websites and books. It's not a sightseeing tour.  You see dumpsters, walk down an alley for a lame scare, go nowhere in particular, and stop at no actual "sights."If you want to be scared, go on a different tour.  If you want to hear ghost stories, go elsewhere.  If you want to see some haunted or interesting sights at night, definitely GO ELSEWHERE.This "tour" is made up of two annoying and immature fellows who are not at all entertaining or interesting.  The experience accomplishes nothing in particular, except for wasting an hour and taking your money.AVOID.
3	I can see why people either love it or hate it.... It's probably more rare for someone to give this tour an "A-OK" rating.  Did I enjoy it, yeah, I did.  There were some good laughs.  Did I think it was soooo funny and great?  Well, not really.  Was it way over priced and not worth it?  No, I think it was a fair price.  So overall, yeah, it's "A-OK" for me.  If you don't like practical jokes, don't come.  If you want a detailed historical serious kinda story telling, don't come.  You won't like it.If you are a bit goofy, had a few to drink, and just want to hear little bit of story but don't really care too much about the historical details or facts, then yeah, you'll probably like it.
4	I really enjoyed spending my last night in Edinburgh taking the "murder and mystery" tour-- the guide was funny with a very dry sense of humor, and his costumed sidekick was funny to me (though if you have a more refined sense of humor than the masses, maybe you'd find him obnoxious). I would have liked more historical sights along with the stories, but that's my only quibble. If you're into truly being scared, this probably isn't for you, but I'm a scaredy cat so the humor-scary pairing was perfect for someone like me!
5	Absolutely LOVED it. We went on a few tours, and this was by far my favorite. If you are the type who only wants a tour  like this to be serious or scary, this is not the one for you. This tour is a bit different in that while it gives you some history and stories, the actors also throw in quite a bit of humour. The actors antics are meant to make you jump on occasion, and simply make you laugh at other times. I certainly did both.We had a great time, and everyone in the group we were with seemed to really enjoy it as well. The atmosphere for the evening was fantastic.Don't take this tour for seeing the sites, for getting an in-depth history, or for being terrified. Take this tour for a fun evening romp.
3	Adam Lyal's Witchery Tales, the darker side of Edinburgh.  You meet at The Witchery restaurant on The Royal Mile.  The tour lasts an hour and 15 minutes with gruesome  stories told with humour and fun, therefore this walk is not scary.  A little  participation is needed from the  group to get this show going otherwise it would and could feel a little flat. The actors have a fab sense of humour and make this walk entertaining but it could do with more content and less messing about therefore I have mixed views on this tour.  It is not expensive and you do get a book of tales to take home.  Other walking tours pass by you, there  seems to be lots and on occasions I wondered if they were better, not a good sign.  It was entertaining but once done it goes into the box and not done again.  Xoxo
