3	Confession time...  I'm a Home Depot guy.  I love HD and rarely venture out to a Lowes store.  However, we happened to be in the neighborhood and stopped in for a stroll.  All things being equal, if you have seen one Lowes - you've seen them ALL.Yet this one was a little different.  A little cleaner.  Newer, Nicer.  I liked it.
1	Horrible customer service every time I go in there. Last time there were 4 employees standing near the front entrance inside just talking to each other. They clearly saw I was looking at some water fountains that were stacked in the aisle and never once asked me if I needed help. I did need help because there was no pricing on any of the items and when I asked one of them for pricing I got an attitude and a "I am not sure, I can go check if you would like?". WTF? Yes I would like you to check on pricing, that's why I asked. When the guy finally comes back he tells me the price then walks away. He made no effort to put price tags on any of the items so I am sure there was more customers that had no idea how much the fountains cost. The time before I was forced to make a purchase on my phone through their website because the refused to match their own website price with a product that was in the store. All in all, Lowes sucks, I am heading to Home Depot right down the street from now on.
5	I love this Lowes. Everyone that works here is so nice and knowledgeable.
4	I like this store, they have friendly people that remember you.   If you can't find it they take you to it.
5	This is a fantastic Lowe's location. It's big & new so the aisles are big, light, and there are tons of different products. I find Lowe's to be better organized than Home Depot in general, so that's a good thing. This location has a good sized garden center. Customer service has always been great. We went the weekend after Thanksgiving, expecting a mad and messy place, but it wasn't crowded and everything was organized and in its place.The paint section carries Valspar & Olympic, but they are able to mix Benjamin Moore paints without requiring a paint swatch to match (their computer database has a bunch saved).The only negative is that their christmas tree lot is awful. The trees don't look great and they only had Noble Firs, not any Douglas Firs. No one was even out there when we went and it's poorly lit.
3	This is in response to the critique by the HD guy.I agree and really like HD.  People there are more knowledgeable when it comes to plumbing, electrical, and construction.Lowes people are more into the decorating aspect of your home.  I occassionally shop Lowes but when it comes to any of the above I rely on HD.
4	Love this lowes.  Everyone's so nice and friendly. Had awesome Christmas clearence!
5	I will always give credit when credit is due. These guys are GREAT - we purchased our flooring from here, price was good. They gave us extended credit terms for the $8K (sorry HD - you arbitrary cut my credit line with no reason) . We had a little scheduling issue with the tile taking a little longer,  but they worked thru it like a trooper!  Tile installers were the greatest. I've had a number of homes before and had tile done - nothing can beat these guys - fantastic fit. Carpet was also installed and turned out beautiful.... nothing but 5 Star Kudo's for them, if I could I'd pop a 6th Star.!! Jay in Flooring was our sales guy and Pam and Kathy handled the installation process. Wife and I are totally tickled with the fantastic job everyone did!
1	WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!! I have never felt so mistreated in all of my life.  I will never return to Lowes AGAIN!
5	Great prices and overall a super nice store. The customer service is great and everything you could ever need (especially in the garden section) is easy to find! I came here on a rainy day and still had an easy time finding things and the selections are huge for things. The price are a little steep but you get what you pay for.
5	I just moved from So Cal.,To Cave Creek. Since I moved, I've been shopping at the Cave Creek Lowes, on Cave Creek road. I received a 10% discount card in the mail, and was able to us it without question. When I moved, my good friend, who is an active Marine, assisted me with everything. After a short time, we discovered that more supplies were needed to complete my move. As a result, approximately 5 more trips were made to Lowe's. I used up my discount card on the first trip. I didn't know it, but they except military discounts. I was able to save even more money thanks to my friend.I'm forever grateful to Lowe's, for being so gracious with me, and my Marine friend. I think all told, I most likely saved $100.00 or more in a course of two weeks. I highly recommend this store to anyone who need home supplies.
4	I don't come in here too often but I must say the customer service is really nice.  I was pacing back and forth for different nails and screws for the last minute home improvements that the wife wants done for the house. A gentleman quickly gave some pointers and suggestions.  I would suggest that if you have a question speak up because they are really good with product knowledge and installation for most things.
4	We really enjoy visiting this location. The customer service has been consistently good. After moving into town, we purchased a new gas grill using a promotion and a 10% off discount card. They (surprisingly - didn't expect it) allowed us to combine the promotions. We got the grill for 10% off, free assembly, free delivery and free (full) propane tank. You totally can't beat that. They were able to deliver the grill the next day. The delivery guys were on-time and professional. Overall, great experience - we will continue to return.
