3	Was a good Lobster Roll, as expected. There is 2 places for a decent Lobster Roll in the city now, MuvBox in the Old Port, and Lucille's.MuvBox at 9$, and Lucille's at 10$. Your choiceGiven the choice i think i would head to Old Montreal, even though i did enjoy Lucille's version, i think i preferred MuvBox's.
5	The lobster roll was good but it tasted like any other I've already had. Good quantity of lobster meat lightly coated in mayonnaise on a buttered hot dog bun. I guess you don't mess with a classic.  Lucilles gets my 5 stars for the fish taco. Perfect mix of sweet and salty flavors. Highly recommend this taco if you're a fan of cilantro.
5	Starting this review with a bang: Deliiiiiiiiiish.I tasted the Lobster Roll and the Ribs. A huge fan of both. Ribs will have you licking your fingers due to their amazing marinating sauce, and it's tender, so so tender. Lobster Roll was alright, it's too creamy for my taste but it is definitely worth it.I never tried the other stuff because I went late and things were limited.But will definitely return.5/5
2	As a fan of the restaurant it hurts me to say I am not so impressed with the truck. It really hurts. We were visiting the Monkland street fest and saw that a few trucks were staking claim on the street during the event and one of our first stops was the Lucille's truck since we've been frequenting their brick and mortar for the past few weeks. We ordered a lobster roll, because, well, that made perfect sense and it came highly recommended. For one, the service was terrible. The lady took our order and money and we stood waiting with about 4 other customers for about 5 minutes. That's when I realized there was no one in the truck making food! I understand it was a busy day/night, but a little communication goes a long way. Anyhow, a few minutes later our "chef" steps into the truck and makes our sandwiches. Now, I am not a greedy person, but this had to be one of the thinness most boring lobster rolls I have ever experienced. Thin bread, very little lobster (minute really), no seasoning, no... oomph! So far, my impression of Montreal street food is not very good. :(
4	I live in NDG, so had been to Lucille's a few times before, which is really amazing, but a tad overpriced for me.Anyhow, I was surprised to find they had a food truck yesterday while we were walking around drinking beer downtown. We ordered two crispy fish tacos, and they were so damn yummy. Really good. I wanna go back and find it. haha
3	good fish taco albeit quite pricey. as for the lobster roll, holy fuck, its one salty roll and pretty small roll to boot. it felt like they cheapen on the lobster filling and for the price you're paying, definitely not worth it.all in all, pretty unmemorable. decently fast service though.
