1	I have been dealing with Stacey Vitto trying to find either a rental or a rent to own property in Las Vegas I am out of state looking for a place to move into when I get there. Needless to say that is frustrating in itself The attitude and tone I get from her is very degrading and she acts like she is to busy to even remember who you are.. If you are buying a home in which her commission  is going to be good she might be a lot nicer and more helpful otherwise dont look to her to help you out she is very rude, lazy and portrays and attitude of (as my mother used to say) her ____ don't stink............I never give anyone bad reviews unless Its deserved, there is no reason to be rude!
5	I've been working with Daniel Chalk to find investment properties.  He's great!  Really hustles to find exactly what I want - even though my budget is only $50K-60K.  Highly recommended.
5	Rachael Hughel was extremely proficient and fast in selling my house. She had us sold and helped us secure a new home here in Las Vegas in less than 45 days. We highly recommend Rachael Hughel for all of your real estate needs. From beginning to end she was a real estate super star!
5	Rachael Hughel was such a pleasure to have assisting us in selling our home. She was very informative and expedient throughout the entire process. We can thank Rachael enough for getting us top dollar in a very short amount of time - Call her! 702-883-2291
1	WARNING!!! Do not use ANNETTE CARTER for any rental needs. I was renting a property owned by this woman and not only did she took my entire deposit but is also trying to charge me more on top of that. I was a great tenant. I added landscaping to the house and left it in great condition. You see, she purchased this house from my friend who I was renting it from and now she is trying to charge me for everything that was broken since before she purchased the property. She was aware that the previous owner had left the house like this when she purchased it. Now she wants me to pay for everything the house needed fixed when she purchased it. This is a very bad person. DO NOT TRUST HER. This kind of people need to be STOPPED! They take advantage of common renters like you and I.
