2	I was shopping nearby and spotted this Qdoba. I had never been to one before so I decided to give it a try.To sum up the look, feel, and menu of the restaurant, all I need to say is think Chipotle. If you've ever been to a Chipotle then you've been here. The menu is also 90% identical to Chipotle, just named a little different.Since I love the steak fajita burrito at Chipotle, I decided to get the same thing here. It wasn't hard- you order exactly the same way and direct the worker to add what you want (exactly the same ingredients available too).So I got my carbon copy burrito and unfortunately the taste was the only thing different. The steak in the Qdoba was not seasoned- it was just steak. I'll admit it was good steak, but in a burrito, I want seasoned meat. The burrito was a bit bland IMO.So to sum up, I found Qdoba to be a near perfect copy of Chipotle- except for the lack of flavor.Only 2 stars for being copy-cats.
1	I had very limited choices here in this plaza when my friend wanted to stop at El Pollo Loco (which I won't eat). It was that, Subway or Qdoba. Having had good experiences with Qdoba in Seattle/Bellevue, I figured I'd just give it a try. (I'm not much of a fan of Subway either, tbh.) I went in, walked up to the counter and waited... and waited more... About 5 minutes passed and I still haven't been served because the annoying employee is having social time with either a friend or obnoxious customer over at the register, babbling on and on about how he's in school and blahblahblah. 'Scuze me? A little service down here?Of course, after a few minutes I gave the employee the patented Condi Rice "stink-eye", and I'm glad I did, because this place has a big ol' B grade for their health department grade. Ew.I did an about face and walked right out, wishing the next guy in line luck with actually getting some service. I'd give 0 if I could, but +1 stars because the ignorant, incompetent employee's behavior caused me to notice the B grade, and realize that I probably don't want to be eating at this location.
4	I went in here just the other day, I wasnt to hungry so i just grabbed a side of chips and cheese. Man do they make a good cheese lol. I have yet to try anything else at this place but ill have to go back again sometime soon.
3	Qdoba or not to Qdoba - that is the question here!Looking for decent service and fresh food at a price that will not rock your wallet...then Qdoba is a good place to park yourself at. I have been here a couple of times and the service can be touch and go depending on who waits on you....but what is always good is the food. You can taste how fresh everything is in every bite.Every time I go there I get the same thing : Mexican gumbo with pork and black beans. This is a definite comfort food. YUM! I have also had the cheese quesadila and the con queso - both were good.Overall - it's a ok place to stop if you are not looking for top notch service with a smile and just want a bowl of warm gumbo to warm your spirit instead. Qdoba on your on risk.
4	I really like that Qdoba made the pick 2 menu...I always love a good quesadilla but I like their naked burrito too. Now I get to have both! I also like that the pick 2 options are smaller so it's a little bit better portion control vs a huge burrito. Qdoba is the same principle as other Mexican fast food such as Zaba's or  Chipolate.  Everything is made to order right in front of you.  Quick service.  Decent prices. Get the Qdoba Qcard when you go here.  You'll get a free meal after X-number of purchases. (I can't remember if they base it off of points or number of meals purchases...either way it's a good deal!)The chips and queso and/or guacamole are always a good addition to a meal!I used to go there when I lived in South Dakota.  I frequented it when I lived in Carson City.  And I still go to Qdoba in Las Vegas!
5	I love quick burrito places, and Chipotle tends to top the list.  But Qdoba comes a close second for one reason: Queso Sauce!  It's spicy and goes great in burritos or on nachos.  No other place carries it good as here.  I know, I know ... calorie killer!  But killer taste, man.  Sign up for their Qdoba card and you get a free Welcome Chips and Salsa, then every tenth burrito is free.  They email me $5 entree & drink combo coupons all the time, sometimes even Buy One Get One and I get to treat my coworker to free lunch.  The staff has always been nice, and I like that they're open late (10pm).
5	I ate here a while back and forgot to post my review because usually im too busy drinking...but this food is great.fast service,the meat is cooked just right.I ordered the big ass steak burrito loaded with everything but the kitchen sink and it rocked.They really do know how to make great mexican food.I'm actually contemplating now if I should go grab a burrito quick since I live like a minute away ...:)
4	Its basically the same as Chipotle, but better.  Better for two reasons: the frequent visitor card (chips&salsa for signing up, buy 10 burritos get 1 free) and the queso sauce.I can't give it 5 stars because they (like chipotle) put rice in the burritos.  It tastes fine, but it's technically wrong.
4	Just got a monster burrito from here!!! very good salsa;s are awesome!If  your in the mood for burrito's I recommend
4	This is exactly like chipotle, well not exactly, but it's very close. I'm a huge fan of burrito bowls and the ones at Qdoba were pretty good. One thing that I do like about this franchise over Chipotle is that the ingredients taste like they have less sodium, which is very good from a health perspective!
4	I love this chain so much but this location is lacking in service. Every time I go I feel like I am seriously inconveniencing the staff. A 5 star chain in my book but with a star knocked off because no one really feels like working here. Chips and queso or chips and guac (though the guac at chipotle is better) have to round out every meal (unless you're having nachos, in which case it might be chip overload!). They have a rewards program too that others have mentioned. If you've never had it, definitely try it out, but don't expect happy staff.
4	The food quality and price is much better than Chipotle who has a "take we give you and like it attitude."  I was greeted properly when I arrived, and at the order counter and thanked at the cash register.  If the beans weren't undercooked, I would have given them 5 starts.  I first tried them in Cali last weekend.  I wish they had more locations or one closer, but this was worth driving for.  With price, quality, and better customer service, Q Doba is "hands down" MUCH better than Chipotle, any day!
5	The more I go to Q doba, the more I like it!  I lose weight eating GREAT food there like the naked taco salad, and naked burrito on their 2 for 6.19 value menu!  The steak is so good, and unlike Chipotle, the don't piss and moan when I want to substitute something.  The workers there always give me the service I deserve as a customer.  Giving the trouble Chipotle had with hiring illegals in Minnesota, I  feel  much better eating at Q-doba!    I get what I want, they way I want it, quick!  Love this place!
3	Even worse service than normal today. My burrito was all fixed up, and then I waited and waited for someone to ring me up. Then there was a mixup that took three workers to solve. It shouldn't have been difficult. When I was finally finished getting rung up, the woman who was at the cash register, instead of handing me my receipt, held on to it while she turned her attention to the mixup at her side. This Qdoba has consistently had really terrible service, and I'm not gonna go here anymore.
4	I go between 3 and 4 stars for Qdoba.  Sometimes service is great; sometimes it stinks.  Sometimes the food is great; sometimes it stinks.  Sensing a theme here?  If I leave this place alone for a while and come back I enjoy it immensely.  The food is good and fresh, albeit not authentic.  And sometimes you just crave this sort of thing.  I admit that when I'm in the mood for something like this I like Qdoba more than Chipotle.  On my last visit the service was quick and on point and the chicken tacos and three cheese queso hit the spot.  I think I'll give it some time before my next visit so I'll like it just as much!
5	Its fast fresh Mex.  Great service at every location.  The naked burrito with no rice is a great hi pro / low carb meal. Mexican Gumbo is also a favorite.  A+  Qdoba rewards card is a bonus.  Every tenth entree is FREE.
3	I prefer Qdoba over some similar places such as Chipotle mostly because Qdoba has more selections to choose from and because I am a hige fan of the Queso cheese.  Other than that this place isn't anything too special.  The food is pretty good, the prices are 'ok', and the place is clean which is about all you can ask; however these types of places are a dime a dozen and I can find better quality foods at Carlito's Burritos or places like that.  One thing that I do love and would recommend to anyone is order the Chicken or steak quesadilla and order a side of chips and queso.  They give you way more queso than you need for the chips, so take the Chicken quesadilla and dip it in the queso cheese for an amazing taste.  Also, sign up for the Qdoba fan club and you will get a $6 meal deal coupon about once a month which is a nice little deal to have.
2	If not for the Buy 1, Get 1 coupon I get from the e-mail club, I'd not come here at all. I've had quite a few different menu items, and the carnitas bowl (Mexican gumbo) is very good. My food usually tastes pretty fresh, and the portions are pretty big. Service is usually just so-so, but speaks volumes when there are 10 other Mexican places nearby.
5	The food is always excellent!! I love the chips and Queso sauce !! They have one of those fantasy drink machines that you pretty much can pick any soda possible! If you join their club they send you specials in your email and all you have to do is show them your phone to get the discount!! Yummy food and discounts are my fave!!
3	Food is great but the staff needs to be as good as the food and speak English! So this the  only place where their meat is well done, it  seems the other joints that are similar to this place,  the steak is not as well done. So if you like well done meat it's good. Beware of staff
5	I would have to consider myself a regular at Qdoba. Never once have I left this restaurant hungry and or dissatisfied. Quality ingredients is what makes this place so spectacular. I've tried a variety of things on their menu and I can say that I have never once been disappointed. The staff is also very nice. They act like sentient beings and can carry out a conversation, rather than acting like robots which occurs at other fast food joints.
2	They discontinued the Ancho Chili Barbecue Burritos! Bastardos!Is nothing sacred in this world? Pain... misery... suffering... it never ends.I find the perfect burrito and then I'm steam rolled by the fact that apparently I was only person in the world eating them.It was so good. It made me smile when I was sad. It gave me hope when I was hopeless. And they stole it from me! I replaced it with some other thing... it was so.... average!I'll never eat another burrito again. I will now suffer in silence along with millions of other burrito victims of this cruel world.Maybe if I'm real good, and I start performing random acts of kindness then fate will smile and they will return this gem, this masterpiece to the menu. But in all likelihood I'm screwed. I'm like the Schlep-rock of burritos. A cloud follows and constantly rains salsa and sour cream on my head. Until then..... I shall endeavor to persevere.
