3	I can't believe I am the first to rate the track.  Well, ok, here goes.   I'd give the track 5 stars except for one thing.   The parking is horrible.   Last year it took us an hour and a half to just get out of the parking lot on Saturday's NASCAR event.  Then on Sunday for the big race, it took us 2 and a half hours to get out of the lot.   WTF?   How hard is it to size the exit properly?   The rest of the track facilities are pretty cool.   They have a good supply of washrooms and there are plenty of places to get some food.   The track itself has be redone since last year, making it faster.  That should be good.    On their website, they make a big deal about this Neon Garage.   I don't think I want to spend $100 to see pit crews do their pre-race checks.   I'll just sit and enjoy my nice $6 beer in a plastic bottle.**** Updated 13-Mar-07 ****The modifications they made to the track really paid off.   The track is faster and more interesting.   Also, they brought pit row much closer to the stands.  That was a nice touch.   On the down side the parking situation stinks!   On Saturday it took us 2.5 hours to get from the parking lot to the I15-215 split!  Fortunately it only took an hour on Sunday.   But still, if LVMS wants to make improvements, it need to add more access roads.   C'mon guys... you can do it!
3	I'd seen drag racing on TV a number of times, but never live. As luck would have it, the Las Vegas Motor Speedway was hosting a major event while I was in town.If you go to one of these events, bring the best ear plugs you can find. The noise generated by two top fuel (or is is top alcohol?) dragsters is not to be believed. I parked about a quarter of a mile away, and even from there the noise grabbed my attention. I had ear plugs, but hadn't inserted them yet. As I got to the stands, and looked for my seat, two dragsters took off. My ears instantly hurt. I got those ear plugs in right away.In addition to ear plugs, bring water, sun block, and a hat. If you forget any of these essentials, you should be able to pick them up at one of the dozens of stalls and stores selling ear plugs, food, T-shirts, hats, and much more.Even with ear plugs, the noise was awesome. The deep based notes rumbled through my body. I could feel my throat and chest vibrate as the cars went by. Even the air seemed to vibrate, although it was probably my eyeballs that were doing the vibrating. The cars' acceleration and speed don't seem real - more like a cartoon. Nowadays, they can go a quarter mile in four and a half seconds, reaching 330 miles per hour.
3	you gotta go through an army base to get here!  I mean really, it is a world away from vegas.  get a cab ride with the old hippie woman and you got it made.Nascar baby, um, well. the crowd is really white.  i know.  i did the research.  The seats all around are pretty good.  But hell, I really shoulda rented an RV and set up in the center so that I could camp out for days and grill on top of the rv.  that seems like the way to go.The philly cheese steak was the worst that I ever had, ever.  I mean really bad.Leaving the speedway is tedious.  and the desert gets cold at night.The crashes that were provided were awesome although really, I wanted more bang for my buck.Nascar in Vegas baby!
3	This is not a bad track. There is the Neon Garage with the entertainment and eating. And I do agree it is a hike to get there and with all the new construction on the roadways....Ouch. The company I work is actually going to provide helicopter transportation. That should help those who decide to go through the air. Overall there are some ups and downs to the track but it is amazing to be surrounded by sound of the engines...
4	Love LVMS!! Can't wait to go, only 3 1/2 more weeks, woo hoo!! This will be my 8th year in a row going to Vegas for Nascar at LVMS. I have never experienced the parking nightmares, I opt for a charter bus to and from my hotel at the strip. So convenient, someone else is driving, so I don't really care how long it takes. The buses are able to access the track via Nellis so we don't end up on the freeway with the masses which I suppose cuts alot of time off the trip.I'll take off one star because the only thing I find annoying about LVMS is that you can't buy a ticket for just one day direct from the track. You have to buy the whole weekend package and the timing just doesn't work out to spend the little time we have in Vegas each year out at the track. Buying from a 3rd party costs the same as the package deal from the track so we just suck it up and do it. Same for the charters, you have to buy a pass for both Saturday and Sunday, even if you are only attending one day. However, the charter beats the CAT bus any day of the week! Did that the first year (maybe the first 2 years) and ugh! Not enough buses, long lines, no seats when you do get on (hello men, what ever happened to offering your seat to a lady??).Haven't had a bad seat in the stand. There are plenty of places to grab a bite to eat, plenty of clean restrooms. I've been to numerous tracks around the country and LVMS is definitely one of the better ones.
4	For the third time in the past four years, I found myself traveling to Las Vegas to join a hundred thousand other race & partying aficionados at the LVMS. This venue is fan friendly & race car friendly. As typical for this time of year, the weather was ideally set in the 70's, mostly sunny, perfect for beer drinking, people watching, and of course, auto racing.In future years, I'd recommend that you follow the good advice from other Yelpers to use the chartered buses. The buses are one big party scene both to & fro the track, are able to quickly enter & exit the track, and if you've been drinking beer all day, they have a built-in restroom which is worth its weight in gold, in my humble, beer-soaked, bladder-challenged opinion.I flew into town on Friday morning, but elected not to go to the Friday Craftsman Series Truck races, but did enjoy the following races: - Saturday's Nationwide Series Sam's Town 300 - Sunday's Sprint Cup Series Shelby 427 Photos:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5TX8o0vsxFsu9_QPhoeI4A?select=Wf5XoAiIcJGTnvyLJmeAmg
4	Went to LVMS last weekend for the Shelby 400 2009.  What a great time. One piece of advice bring sunscreen!!  We checked weather for vegas and they said cloudy and 77.  Well, I don't know where you are coming from but where I live in PIttsburgh, when they say cloudy they mean CLOUDY!!!  In vegas I think that they just mean there will be a cloud present in the sky!!  Anyways, wasn't expecting to get burnt but we did!!Also was nervous about the shuttle tickets that we purchased for $40 each person for transportation on charter bus from Tropicana hotel to LVMS.  We got to Tropicana at around 9 am and were VERY nervous there were already a thousand people in line (at least)  However, the line moved very fast. We were totally backed up around the entire hotel and were on a bus within 45 minutes.  Now are seats were in turn 3 & 4. so we did have to walk to the totally oposite end of the track to get to our seats.  But when the race was over my husband and I were on a mission to beat the crowd to the bus pick up. (practically running b/c again we were on far end of the track) Anyways the line for the Tropicana pick up was by FAR!!!!!  The longest line of the bunch. We were FAR back in line too!!  Thought that we were never going to make it back to the strip and expected to be in line for 3 or 4 hours. Surprisingly once the line got moving we were on a bus in an hour and a half wait.  Not too bad cosidering there are 140,000 people at that track.  So, all in all great time at the speedway. May want to choose a different hotel pick up point b/c Tropicana again was by far the busiest.  Hope this helps and enjoy your trip!!
5	this place has one of the best setups to see a race ever. and mixing drag racing with vegas has just gotta be awesome.amazing views, and it's right next to the air force base so you have fighters flying overhead the entire time.beer, gambling, drag racing, and flybys. america.......f*ck yeah.
5	Was invited by a friend to enjoy the VIP Box and it doesn't get any better than that--jumped on a plane for the day from SF to LV. I was amazed how loud it is when you leave the box. The food was incredible! Didn't want to appear like a goof, so I didn't take too many pics, just of the really beautiful food, like the amazing desserts! Wasn't there for the cars, but trucks was pretty fun....did I say they were LOUD?!
4	The Las Vegas Motor Speedway was great this weekend for NASCAR. I also took the helicopter transfer with Maverick. I will think about doing that again next year.
4	Update - 05-March-10   They improved the parking system finally.   Good job guys.   Also, kudos to the field workers.   After a spirited rainstorm right before Saturday's race, they worked hard to get the track dry so the race could start.   Good show.
3	i've raced at the "proving grounds" road course outside the oval a handful of times, and it's nothing special.  It's hot, desolate, and dirty/rocky.  However, one positive point is the air force base nearby flys overhead frequently, which at dusk looks simply...AMAZING
5	The Las Vegas Motor Speedway is an awesome venue to watch Motor Sports.  I've seen NASCAR, NHRA, and Road Course Races here.My favorite events are the NHRA races which happen twice a year at The Strip at the Motor Speedway.  There is always ample seating and the food options are plentiful.  Hot Dogs, Burritos, Pizza, Burgers, Fries, and Funnel Cakes are just a small sample of items you can buy from the vendors.Another great thing is that there really isn't a bad seat at The Strip.  Every seat has a good angle to watch the Top Fuel Dragsters race down the quarter mile at nearly 300 miles per hour.You better bring your earplugs though because you can literally go deaf from the sound of the Top Fuel engines roaring down the track.  And don't forget your sunscreen because you can easily get sunburned too.Will I return?  You bet!
3	This review is for the Formula Drift event that was held at the Speedway this weekend.  I normally enjoy the Speedway, but this particular event wasn't that great.It wasn't the event's fault as the drivers and the action was incredible!  However, it was the experience from a spectators perspective.First of all, the event started at 2 pm in the middle of August!  I realize that the main event didn't start until late in the evening, but come one!  We arrived at 4:30 pm and there wasn't too much shade available besides the vendor tents and even that was brutally hot.Secondly, while the bleacher seats gave you a good view of the action, I didn't care for the fences and the limited view you got from the street level.The food options for this event was pitiful too.  Normally, there are great food options for the NHRA events held at the Strip.  But this event had very few food concessions and the ones that were there sucked.  It was so bad we didn't eat.  Also, the prices were outrageous.....$4 for a Bottle of Water and $5 for a Powerade!  No outside food and drink allowed of course.....rip off!The only reason why I gave this event 3 Stars is because the driving was ridiculously awesome.  I have to give these professional drivers a ton of credit.....they are insanely good at what they do.  I want to learn how to drive like that.Will I return?  Probably, but only at night.
1	I've been to a few big race tracks on the West Coast. Infineon, California motor speedway, Irwindale and even streets of long beach. My problem is with the security and not the events held there. Im pretty sure security is handled by each track and not part of the events. So I've gone to all the formula D's at their locations. I actually race at California Motor speedway for a track day.Anyways. We came a little late to the last show for formula D and couldn't find a seat. Down in front of the isle to the side not blocking anyones view was the blocked off iron gate. With 20 minuites to go, we decided to just wait there since it was a great spot and we could see everything. One security gaurd came over and told us that regulations we had to stand another 20 feet back. So being that it was still early we went ahead and stepped back to ensure our spot in the front to watch. Time biulds and we get closer to the starting of the drift. Of course with there being a line of poeple 20 feet back, poeple started walking forward and staying there. We didnt want to move as to not loose our "front" spot. Race starts, security doesnt tell anyone to move now. So we had our spot, and now we lost it because security won't tell the 50 or so poeple that biult up in our way to move. I complained to a security guy and he told me. Rules changed. Tuff luck. Just find another spot, I can't move them because it would start a fight. I asked who his supervisor was. Would not give me the name. Wouldnt even give me his name. So in short, because of this guy. I will probably never go to an event at this racetrack. I've never had any other issues at any race track. I understand safety and have no problem with it.
4	For the first time, I attended ' Formula DRIFT Round 5: After Dark' event at LV Motor Speedway. I went on both Friday & Saturday :) 08/21/10-I was there around 7pm to see 32 qualifiers. I got to watch their drifting action or the car wrecks (so sad for the racers)up close right by the fence and didn't mind getting tire fallings on my shirt :p Mostly I was watching the driver's open practice over and over.  Too much excitement for one evening! I had so much fun watching the event that I didn't even realize I was there for 5 hours. The weather got really hot and I had to have some shaved ice which helped me to be little cooled down :p There aren't many things to eat but were selling some lemonade, ice tea($4-5), cold beer($1), & water($4), Me and my friends, we all laughed at the price on the beer and the water...The public restroom was pretty clean and plenty that I didn't have to wait in a line to use it. From their event schedule info, the top 32 racers will be compete at 10:30pm on next day. 08/22/10-There were definitely more people on Saturday. The band was playing at the stage, line was very long for Viper rides, and variety of exotic cars to look at the side of motor track. Me and my friend received an autograph & got to pose a photo with one of the actual racers with his car (body-Nissan1991 RX7, engine-Corvette LS6 with hp of almost 500 :) It was a more fun night. The final round of 16, 8, & 4 have gotten more aggressive at the end. Finally, the trophy goes to the professional drifter, Tyler McQuarrie, who has been competed with his Nissan 350Z (730hp/680tq)all along at the event. I was excited that one of my favorite cars was the winner of the competition. Go Fairlady Z!!! Yay!!! :-)
4	Ive been in the Tuner Scene for years. I do Love LVMS. From the Recent Drift Event Formula D. To when D1 was at the Speedway. Its been years since ive been to a Nascar Event because its not my cup of tea anymore. But The Speedway is one of the Cleanest and the best parking. Very Convenient access because its right by I15 and A Truck stop where you can eat. Because we all know Eating at the track is expensive. Midnite Mayhem is always fun with seeing the Street cars and motorcycles and various other vehicles Diesel Trucks included running the 1/4 Mile.
4	I came here this past weekend for Formula Drift. I was here on both night, Friday and Saturday. We did not spend too much time checking out the different booths. Most of out time was spent either watching the drift competition or hanging out at the Yelp booth.I used to watch Japanese drift videos when I was younger. It was so much better seeing it live. The $1 beers were also a bonus!
4	Thanks to being one of the lucky winners of two-day passes to the recent Formula Drift event, I got to spend two evenings at the speedway.  It had been a very long time since my last visit; probably 8 years.  During my last visit my awesome physics teacher in high school had us all come to the speedway and learn about acceleration the fun way: through drag racing!  Remember to bring your earplugs if you come for this!For the Formula Drift event, the speedway was far from reaching capacity.  Plenty of parking was available, as well as seating during the event.  Spectators are able to watch from the fence (and consequently covered in rubber from the drifters!) or sit on the bleachers.  The restrooms were not too packed, and had both soap and paper towels; this can be rare during public events!  There were also several food and drink vendors which, as could be expected, were a bit pricey.  Water was $4, iced tea $8, shaved ice $5, beer $1...yep, somehow beer was the cheapest beverage!I'm not too involved in motor events, so I can't say that I'll be returning here anytime soon.  I also find this a hard place to rate, as I didn't really make much use of the venue outside of the restrooms.  But here's four stars, for an easily accessible and exitable speedway within Las Vegas.
4	Out here tonight to drive through the Gift of Lights.  This is usually in Sunset park, but there were problems with the site this year, so they moved it out to the speedway.  It's a drive to get here, then they have it set up way in the back, but once you get in, they utilized the stands of the race track, the surrounding areas and the drive was nicely spread out and tastefully done.There were plenty of lights and delights, if you tuned into 101.5 FM, there were holiday tunes to put you in the mood, and since tonight was "Port of Sub" night, we got two chocolate chip cookies to enjoy on the way.Even though the drive was nice, there was something magical about it at Sunset park.  I missed the trees and the feeling I got winding through the park.  The price this year was a little high too, but it's all going to a good cause.  I love the holidays!
2	Las Vegas is not really a race town so for big events like NASCAR ask around because they ussually end up giving most of the tickets away for free. The parking problems and traffic to this place are INSANE, so give your self plenty of time time get there and be prepared to wait hours after a big event to leave, many of the roads are blocked and it basically becomes gridlocked around the speedway and I-15 exit. Standard expensive drinks, fair grounds type vendors for food, and long lines for everything from security gates to bathrooms.
1	If I could give LVMS '0' stars, I would. I've lived here my whole life and watched this track being built. Greed from day one! The race itself?  Boring, boring, boring, as usual.  Reminds me of Talladega or Daytona where I only need to watch the last 10 minutes.  It was a sellout according to LVMS, but MANY seats were empty, and it was a perfect day.  Sellout?  Who are you kidding?  I didn't pay for my tickets, I got them for free from a company I know.  You could have gotten tickets on craigslist for cheaper than LVMS' retail price.  I'm sure many were given away and sold by their bearers.   Judging by the emptiness of the LVMS RV infield, I'd say greed is finally starting to take its toll on your ridiculous prices for RV spots, in addition to ticket prices (no longer can you get a pre-race pit pass--it's called a 'driver introduction pass' now for a 'mere' $75).  I paid $25 for my Saturday ticket in Phoenix and $60 for Sunday's.  Huge difference, huh?  And we won't even get into traffic egress out of the track. *15* years later and it's STILL a disaster.  I didn't even get into my car until 2 hours and 20 minutes AFTER the race ended, and it still took me  almost 3 hours to get out and get home to Henderson.  This was AFTER I went to a particular exit according to the directions the speedway left on my windshield.  Right behind the NHP officer was a large 10' x 8' flashing sign that said "right turns ok" but I was not allowed.  I was forced to turn left and go to the Apex ramp to get onto I15.  Not having seen it move for the over two hours I waited to GO to my car, I drove north to Moapa and via Lake mead I finally reached my destination in Henderson, convinced I got home earlier than I would have on the slow crawl of I15.  I was in a crosswalk near the entry gates before the race and almost got run over by an overzealous wannabe NASCAR driver dressed as a security guard in an LVMS track vehicle?  Good thing I was paying attention.  He was busy impressing us all with his gangster seat leaned way back and his shades on and music blasting, driving like he owned the place.  Oh and by the way, since no one at LVMS give's a shit about this forum, I'm sure my comments will be ignored, like most local racers' usually are.  Trust me, O. Bruton Smith will hear from me this time soon enough on these issues, and many more. Now Phoenix?  THAT's almost always a sellout for sure for Sunday's race.  PHX RV infield was packed (not one spot empty) and on the outside of the track you could see RVs till the cows came home! I'd rather drive to Phoenix and get more bang for my buck than come to a NASCAR event here ever again.
3	I went there for the WERA races... we were off on a side track outside of the main speedway.  There was a bathroom so I guess I shouldn't be to unhappy.  The cell service sucks, a couple of us with smartphones on the Verizon 3G network generally had nothing.  Did enjoy the view of aircraft coming in to land at the Air Force base and the view of the strip.
5	mopar...my dad takes his viper, and we check out cars and races all day, what could be better?
5	I went 164 MPH in a "ride along"... in a NASCAR. It was insane. Definitely worth experiencing once in your life.
5	Whooo! Came here for EDC 2011, and absolutely loved the venue. As much as I love the Coliseum in LA, the Motor Speedway had an incredible amount of space... enough for at least a dozen carnival rides, lots of bathrooms and food + drink vendors, and oh yeah, for 100,000+ people!  Everything (especially the main stage) was easy to access, not to mention you could see the ENTIRE festival from the bleachers.
4	The racing is as good as it gets here. Ticket prices are high though, and the parking lot is a disaster.
5	ELECTRIC. DAISY. CARNIVAL. 2011.BE. JEALOUS.
5	What can I say, Ive been going to EDC for the past five years. When I heard it was coming to Vegas I could not have been happier since I have been living here 3 years now. the speedway was the Perfect venue. Just the right amount of space! I couldn't have been happier with the event being held here. it was awesome! PLUR
5	The ideal backdrop for a LIFE-CHANGING-EXPERIENCE.Came here for the 2011 Electric Daisy Carnival. The Motor Speedway pretty much curbstomped the living daylights out of the LA Memorial Coliseum in every way imaginable. After all...- The venue accommodated FAR MORE festival attendees/ravers/wannabe ravers than ever before. I'm still in awe over how the cramming of 80-100,000 guys and gals in one site seldom resulted in shoulder-to-shoulder situations (except during Swedish House Mafia's set, but that was pretty much a given).- The staff/police officers who conducted security inspections, patrols, and guest services for EDC's attendees were all warm, well-prepared, and very much helpful! - The Speedway was as clean and as maintained as the Coliseum is run-down and dilapidated. 'Nuff said.Of course, while the performers, the crowds, and the production all play integral roles in separating an awesome festival from a shitty one, the setting should serve as priority #1. Vast, vast improvement from last year's Electric Daisy, and I extend my utmost kudos to both Insomniac and to the city of Las Vegas for making my weekend into an unforgettable one - into a brief sampling of perfection, bliss and nirvana. And thanks to a brand-new five-year contract with the city of Las Vegas, I sure will be back! Believe me, I'm just counting down the days.
5	HOORAY FOR MY 200TH REVIEW!!Came here for the ELECTRIC DAISY CARNIVAL LAS VEGAS EDITION...THIS PLACE IS FUCKING HUGE!!! I heard its about 7 LA COLOSSEUMS PUT TOGETHER?? In my opinion, this venue was MUCH MUCH better than the LA COLOSSEUM...why do I say this?the speedway is just one huge circle! there is no need for crazy obstacle courses *cough LA COLOSSEUM...its not hard to get lost in LA cuz of all the different area....but being at the SPEEDWAY...its not hard to find your friends at allthis place was so spacious that they were able to accommodate all the cars and parking as well too. another cool thing about this place was that as people walked down from the entrance onto the grounds...the pathways walking down to the grounds were pretty spacious *cough LA COLOSSEUM narrow little pathways.I believe the SPEEDWAY has a 5 year contract with INSONIAC for future EDC events. I do feel bad for LA though...Im pretty sure the council is crying in their arms that they lost this magical event. INSTEADinsomniac will be making LAS VEGAS that much more $$$$.&isnt it crazy how one person...can create a holiday...and make that holiday THE BIGGEST HOLIDAY IN VEGAS?? before it was memorial day weekend....now its EDC WEEKEND!&I can truly say that EDC IS MUCH GREATER THAN UMF or COACHELLAI had such a great time this last weekend, and Im happy that I actually went! SEE YOU ALL NEXT YEAR!UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
5	Electric Daisy Carnival just keeps getting BETTER AND BETTER Beautiful people, beautiful lights, and AMAZING MUSIC. The entertainers and dancers they had blew my mind this year, especially because I was able to see them up close, where as last year I was stuck on the bleachers in kinetic field. I wish that they had more bleachers for people to sit in kinetic field though, it was suffocating and I got some "human" rug burns from rubbing against so many people especially during Tiesto.. hes worth bleeding a little for though :)The security guards here and police were so much more nicer and accommodating in Las Vegas, where as last year you could tell that they totally did not want anyone to be there.  In Vegas EDC is celebrated and accepted, the vibe is completely different than from the city of "angels". heheh i even saw some cops checking out the girls, who wouldnt though?? :) The water filling stations were a great idea, I wish that the water was colder and filtered though, it was pretty cloudy and gross looking but better than paying $5 bucks for a bottle. It is so much funner having a huge festival in Vegas, because of all the other various things that one could do there, walking the strip, eating buffets etc.. the entire city is soo much more convenient than LA.I can NOT WAIT for next year!!!! PLUR for life :)
5	EDC 2011. One of the best times of my life. The Las Vegas Motor Speedway was a great venue and provided a massive playground for everyone to run around in.Carnival rides were EVERYWHERE, plenty of space for stages, PLENTY of parking, free water refill stages (LIFESAVER), and nice grass to roll around in. HAHA.One drawback: no bleachers to sit in at Kinectic Field. That stage was way too packed and I had flashbacks from almost dying last year from getting trampled! Also, the stage didn't seem as EPIC/CRAZY as previous years. I really like sitting in the bleachers and being able to overlook the sea of people with their hands up!!!I was a little sad that EDC moved away from the Coliseum, but the LV Motor Speedway did not disappoint. I can't wait for next year!
5	EDC 2011 was AMAZING here! Loved it! So much SPACE to actually walk around and cool off... and to know that everyone is safe within a confines, with ample parking, score! And the refill water stations? Score!Only thing I was kinda upset about was the fact that they didn't let us use the seating stands to sit on and maybe watch the stage from there... that would have been amazing if they did. Could have been put together a lot better, but this was their first time, so its understandable.Can't wait for next year! =]
5	E.D.C 2011. NUFF SAID! sh-t was bananas! it was like 4-5 diff stages. so many food stations. mist stations. etc. the walk around the entire place took a while too. such a huge venue and took EDC to another level.
5	OMG i just wana say THANK YOU for Allowing EDC to take place here.. IT WAS AMAZING!  i loved it.. entirely huge.  Can't wait to be back here! Thousands of beautiful people all came together for music (:
5	Free parking at a dance festival is unheard of! Largest venue EVER! Countless and never-ending portable toilets for me to use at my dispense and water refill stations everywhere! 5 STARS BABY! So happy EDC is gonna be here for another 2-3 years with their signed contract! SWEEEEEEEEEET!
4	I came here for the Electric Daisy Carnival hosted by Insomniac Events. This is a very big venue, perfect to hold hundreds of thousands of festival goers for EDC. Not going to go into detail about the decorations and such because it was all put there by Insomniac and had nothing to do with the venue. There were free parking so that was good for people who drove to the venue. Security did its job. Some negatives about this place is that the venue did not open the bleachers for people to sit at. Yeah we come to EDC to dance, but we definitely cannot dance for 10 hours straight. That makes us resort to the dirty, gravel ground. Seriously, my clothes and shoes were covered with dirt when I went back to my hotel room. I had to throw some of my clothes away. Just wished there were some kind of seating so we can overlook the stage and not have it so cramped at the main dance floor.
4	Guys, guys, guys, if Pac-Man affected us as kids, we'd all be running around in darkened rooms, munching magic pills and listening to repetitive electronic music...wait a second...Nah, but EDC 2011 was really the shit.  Lines were kind of long and security could randomly be dicks sometimes.  However, all of that changes once you enter the racetrack, violently greeted by the vibrant lights and shimmering neons of a twisted wonderland.  You walk past the grass, the fire sculptures, the swirling rides, and the lit ferris wheel.  The music bumps in time with your heartbeat and you realize that this is your home.3 days is a bit much though, god I was dying at Swedish House Mafia's set.TL;DRPLUR
5	Humongous.Crazy.EDC.We all miss it.See you back here next year!
4	Came here for the Formula Drift event. It was insane!! Crazy drifters were losing control and slamming into walls. Talk about wreckage!! There were no fatalities though, so it was cool.Vegas gets extremely hot in the summer; I wish there were some fans overhead or something to keep us cool while being in the audience. Lucky for us, the day of the event was cloudy so it wasn't that bad. :)
4	I'd give it a 3.5, but i'll give it a 4 just for my husbands sake. I feel like I live here sometimes. My husband is into all sorts of car shows, racing for midnight mayhem, rally race events and all those sorts of stuff so were here quite a bit... Its not really my thing, but its interesting to watch... I really wish I could say more but i'm not really sure what else to say... its interesting, and if you're into cars and whatnot, then I guess this is for you... otherwise... if you're like me and don't care too much for cars, then skip this and go shopping instead :) Although, I wont lie, the midnight mayhem can be fun to watch if you know people that are in the race. We usually come here with a large group of friends and half of us sit out in the bench and cheer others on, and vise versa. and its funny to watch some cars break down before they even take off. Ok, fine... i'll admit, it can be fun... but i'd still much rather go shopping ;)
5	Love this place
4	I'm not huge into motor-sports but this place is just awesome. I always enjoy the holiday light displays. It's a great way to spend some quality time with friends and family. I'm excited for my next visit, maybe a big event, I really want to see this place in action.
4	I'm here all the time because my career in event marketing means lots of racing events. I love this track because they ALWAYS have free parking. Prepare for a hike to the track though if you're coming for NASCAR. It's much easier to park during NHRA.The staff they hire to work at the various events seem pretty incompetent at best, but who cares? You're probably coming here to have a good time that involves a lot of alcoholic beverages, so just enjoy yourself!  The security WiLL be checking your bags before you come though the gates.Allow extra time for the drive out to Speedway Blvd, and make sure you bring some comfy shoes for the walk from the parking lot to your seats.Gentleman, start your engines!
5	I had such an amazing time at Las Vegas Motor Speedways!  Everything was top notch and the racing was awesome! I cannot post this review without mentioning that all my questions were answered by the Speedway on Twitter in a very timely manner and the food at the track was delicious!I would easily come back and go to another race here.  Hope they can fix the traffic issue leaving the track in the future.
4	I loved NASCAR, it was so much fun but a word of advice:  Take a taxi or drive, DO NOT TAKE THE SHUTTLE.  We were debating whether or not to take the shuttle, we ended up taking a taxi and were glad we did.  People had to wait 2 - 3+ hours for the shuttle to pick them up.  Even though we had to wait 1 hour in the taxi line, it was nothing compared to the shuttle lines, at least we were moving, the shuttle lines went no where.  I think they charged $45 per person for the shuttle which came out to about what we paid for the taxi.
4	Please don't think that I am biased towards Las Vegas Motor Speedway because I live in close proximaty to the track.  This is honestly one the greatest facilites around.  It is top-notch to be sure.  Since the re-pave a few years ago the racing at the big track is so much better than when the track first opened.  The speeds are incredible for a 1.5 mile track.  Anywhere you sit will be great.  You can easily see most of the track from about anywhere in the stands.  The speedway goes far beyond just the big track.  The dirt track is fantastic with its high banked turns.  The drag strip is clean, crisp and smooth.  The short track ("The Bullring") is one of the best I have been too.  I have been to a lot of races in several states.  I grew up at the former short tracks of Southern California.  This is the most fun place.  I have to recommend any event here.  Be it short track, big track, or any track in between.  Or just stop by for one of the many non-racing events they house.  The Shelby factory/museum.  The Gift of Lights.  The Electric Daisy Carnival.  The Las Vegas Motor Speedway transcends racing.  It is an all encompassing center of fun in the desert South West.
5	Attended the NHRA Full Throttle Drags. The drag racing facility is first class. Lots of parking available. Toilets and port a potties are all around.   The seating are benches best to bring a cushion. We've sat in different areas and let me tell you there are no bad seats here. Perfect view where ever you choose.  We bought our tickets online which was a painless process there is also a ticket booth.
5	I could not be more satisfied with my experience at LVMS. I've been to NASCAR races at a few other tracks, so my thoughts on LVMS are based partly on those experiences. Unlike Kansas Speedway, the traffic flow into the track is quick and easy (leaving wasn't as smooth, but I've sat in traffic longer at Kansas and Indy). The flyover by the Air Force Thunderbirds was awesome. Our seats were pretty good and reasonably priced. We had chicken strips and fries, which were ok. The lemonade was good. Don't get ripped off by the shuttle bus companies on the Strip. They were charging $40 per person to get from the Strip to the track, but Enterprise and Avis will rent you a car for about $40 per day, so you can save money by driving yourself.
1	Warning: Hardcore Rant Ahead: In regards to Las Vegas Motor Speedway: NASCAR's biggest mistake was giving this track a cup race. Compared to Charlotte, or even Kansas this place redefines the word SUCK. If you like being fleeced with high prices for concessions (even by Vegas Strip standards), rude vendors, seats that suck, a lack of cooling stations, and rude and downright clueless staff and security this is the speedway for you. But no review of LVMS is complete without mentioning the absolute hell it is to get in and out of this facility. They claim to have a plan for getting you in and out? Well it's painfully obvious that they don't have a damn clue about how to handle traffic. Putting 43 cars on the track, shoehorning transporters into the infield, or placing stages in there for EDC is about all they can manage. When you're stuck in a 4 HOUR LINE just to get to I-15, there is no question that these clueless idiots have no idea how to manage traffic. And despite claims in the media to the contrary, all the NHP seems to do is stand there with a thumb up their keister looking at the traffic and going what do we do, oh what do we do? And if you're leaving you better have an iron bladder because once you get in your car to leave, there's not a porta potty in sight. Take your kid to the race and they have to go pee after 3 hours of sitting in mismanaged traffic? You are screwed pal. Ain't nothing you can do. Your best bet is to skip LVMS, go rent a big screen if you don't already own one and watch the race at home. It's vastly better. While I love NASCAR and wouldn't hesitate to go back to a race at Charlotte or Kansas, I FLAT FREAKIN REFUSE to ever go to another cup race at LVMS until the idiots running this place get a damn clue on how to run it. One Star, and that's under a screaming protest as it's not even worthy of negative stars. There's a reason why Maverick Helicopters is doing brisk business for Electric Daisy Carnival. They ain't cheap, but it sure as heck beats the alternative of traffic hell.
1	Wow, LVMS's inclement weather plan for high winds is to move 115,000 people from the Electric Daisy Carnival up into the grandstand so they can be exposed to even more wind? I understand the need to prevent another Indiana State Fair disaster but this shows a complete failure on the part of LVMS and Insomniac to plan for this. Poorly handled, pathetically managed once again. LVMS finds new ways to give Las Vegas a black eye when it comes to managing large events. In short this is what constitutes an EPIC FAIL.
5	EDC PEEPS. Okay, so one BIG suggestion. Do NOT park here unless you parked CLOSE to the entrance. If not, you WILL lose your car. Chances are, you will be intoxicated/drugged out of your mind. And you will probably cry when you can't find your car. Next year, we will take a party shuttle, prepaid. But IF you decide to drive, drive a benz. Because your alarm WILL reach the whole speedway. BUT then again, if you drive your benz and press your panic button, you will expect a call from MBZ in Germany asking you what your problem is. So... there are your options. All in all, have FUN!!
5	Went to the Smiths 350 NASCAR truck race and Global Rally-cross on 9/29. The tickets were well priced and out of all venues I've been to watch NASCAR, LVMS takes the cake. I went with my mother and 18mo old son. We paid an extra 25$ to get hot passes to the pits and garage and let me tell you...YOU WILL NEVER GET THIS KIND OF ACCESS AT ANY OTHER TRACK. We were in the teams garages, on the infield for the National Anthem, and on pit road for the races. This was an amazing experience. I was able to get every drivers autograph for my son and the drivers were super nice and accommodating as well as the LVMS staff.  I have been to Sprint Cup races here as well and the access is the same way with the neon garage and hot passes. Best access to the drivers and garages. Also the Earnhardt and Petty terraces are great seats to view races. Remember NEON GARAGE PASSES are 10$ and GARAGE HOT PASSES are 25$ and worth every penny! Enjoy a race in the best city on earth at one of the best tracks in the US.
5	It's the Busch Brother home track! How could it not be a 5 star?!?!?!?
4	The speedway is fun.  Parking was pretty easy to get in and out of and the racing I got to see last year was a lot of fun.  We sat in some luxury boxes and were served free food and drinks (including beer if that's what you wanted).  I ate until I was full and had a great view of the action.  I do not have any comment on prices of food and beverage because mine was all free since I got some free VIP tickets through my work.
5	GO GO GO!
3	Third year coming here for the Xmas light show. I love it and the kids love it! If you bring a bag or two of donations, you'll get $3.00 off your admission price.
5	This rating is specific to NASCAR weekend and the LVMS Clubhouse seats.  We have been treating ourselves to these high-priced seats for several years now, and the NASCAR weekend at LVMS can't be beat.  The Clubhouse seating offers excellent catered food on all three days, VERY close parking, a nice indoor clubhouse so you can take a break from the action (or hole up inside if it rains), theatre-style seating with backs and armrests.  Free beer, wine, and soft drinks.  This is a very fun experience.Every year, they come closer and closer to getting it "just right" and I would say their biggest chance for improvement is the way the food is laid out - it kind of encourages a long single-file line that is not very efficient.  Or, one day there will be a shortage of some item, and they next day they will have tons of it.  Like the delivery truck arrived late!I have been to all kinds of sporting events and find that the NASCAR crowds are some of the most friendly and patient people.  The only fights I have ever seen are among the drivers!Sidebar - A NASCAR race is incredibly LOUD - I honestly do not see HOW anyone can sit there without ear protection.  You can rent radio headphones, or at a minimum you should get some of those $2 foam earplugs.
5	I've been going to Nascar events on the west coast since 2008, and attended the race weekend at LVMS for the first time in 2012, returning in 2013. I've loved the experiences I've had at every race track I have been to, but Las Vegas is probably my favorite track I go to each year. The track is a great facility, provides great racing action, and is relatively close to the city for a race track. The Neon Garage is a must see, and even if you don't have a Neon Garage pass, you can still go down to the garage after the race is over for free. Overall, if you have considered going to the track, I can assure you that the LVMS is a must visit. I think it is only a matter of time before the track gets a second annual Nascar weekend, and I would without a doubt attend both races.
5	Woooo NASCAR!Bring earplugs and sunscreen.  We didn't get to see any wrecks but the parts I didn't fall asleep was fun.  People watching was the best.  It took us 4 hours to get back to our hotel on the strip after the race, so use the potty before you leave even if you think the trip is going to be short.
4	EDC! That's all I'll say! :D
3	So pretty much this place is obviously for NASCAR and speed racing activities. I'm reviewing this location with the Electronic Music Festival known as EDC (electric daisy carnival) which I went to on June 21st and 22nd. Pros:+Plenty of parking and it was free+venue was HUGE. Plenty of walking room and sitting spaces. +clean for the most part +closing time is 6am since there's no local complains unlike LA venue. Cons: +TAKES ALMOST AN HOUR or more to leave the parking lot after the event. +staff is unhelpful +all porter potty restrooms
4	EDC 2013 was awesome at LV Motor Speedway! Everything was great! Except the phone towers....there was no phone reception out there.
2	Not really much to write about!  They were going course runs out here!  We didn't have to pay I think it was a private event.  So we didn't deal with any workers!  Just hanging out with people in the club.
4	I have been fortunate to have visited this place for two completely separate occasions! EDC 2012 was an epic experience! Thousands of people crowding together and dancing the night away. I went here very recently with the boyfriend to experience the Exoctics Racing. He's a big car enthusiast so what better way to show that off than driving some of the fastest cars in the world. This is a great recommendation to anyone that loves cares. The people there really take care of you! All I heard for three hours were the rev of the engines, the tires screeching, and the wind blowing as the cars pass by! Huge space to party and drive cars! Best of both worlds!
4	I've been here to the motor speedway twice; for Glittering Lights and Nascar Camping Truck Smith's 350 Las Vegas Global Rallycross Championship in September 2012. It's a really, really far drive, but fortunately I'm usually just a passenger while my fiance drives. Anyway, it's a large venue and getting to the appropriate parking area can be confusing. For Glittering Lights, it was rather easy to find the entrance and to drive through. For the Nascar race, we weren't given very good directions to find the VIP parking lot, so we had to go back around once. For that event, we had tickets for one of the VIP Suites through my job and that definitely made the experience even better. The room was very spacious with several tables/chairs, bathrooms, bar, televisions, and floor-to-ceiling windows. There were two doors accessing the terrace viewing area equipped with stadium seating and drink rails. Very nice! We were also offered a limited open bar and snacks. We also ventured to other parts of the Speedway during this event to enjoy the Neon Garage where we were able to see the winners and their cars as they completed the race and received their trophies! Complete with champagne showers, it was quite the experience!Don't forget earplugs if you're here for a race! It is extremely loud when you're in the stadium and if you want to venture the venue, wear comfortable shoes - you'll be doing a lot of walking.
5	LETS GET READY FOR RACING! I loved it from the time I walked in the gate until the time I left. Las Vegas Motor Speedway was a good time for a NASCAR Race. Even though I got let down on the last lap my family and I had a good time. Few things I would change would be the prices on things like $4.00 water and $25.00 el cheapo hats.
4	I came here to see a 300 lap minor league Nascar race. I have been here twice and both times I've been impressed by this facility. Parking is free, bathrooms and other facilities are very clean. My only complaint was that they won't let you use the credit cards, so bring cash. Food is resonably priced, I would highly recommend trying the brat. Beers run around $7 per can/bottle.
4	My first time at the speedway was for the nascar event.  I had a great time even thought it was sooooooo hot and there was not one bit of shade in the stands. I know that its Vegas, but dont you think that you would provide some shade in the stands since the majority of the year is hot and sunny?  I walked I feel about a mile from my car to my seat, which is fine, not complaining, but I left with a massive sunburn. Wish they had shade and bigger screens for the even. Other then that, its a great facility for some car racing!
5	We've been going to NHRA at 'The Strip' for years and always have a great time! I enjoy this venue better than Sonoma/Infineon even though it is an additional 4.5 hrs drive for us from Reno. Plus, we were really glad they let us bring in our own bottled water this time! Vegas water out of the drinking fountain is no good.We plan on returning for many years to come!
5	Back again for the NHRA Drag Races. Still the best place to watch drag racing. Same drill, bought tickets online this time with Ticketmaster. Although I ordered it a month early they send it out the week of the event so if your travel plans require your tickets earlier I would suggest printing it yourself or "will call" if possible. Or just order it through LVMS.
4	Ever heard the line "Eat, Sleep, Rave, Repeat?" That is the most concise and accurate description you can get for EDC. You have absolutely no time to do anything else if you want to survive this three-night clusterfuck that happens to also be FUCKING AMAZING.What stands in the way of maximizing your time to "Eat, Sleep, Rave, Repeat" is this fucking speedway, which is SO NOT STRATEGICALLY LOCATED (soooo far from the oh-so-familiar strip, where 134,000 people from all over the world are staying). You are limited to MINIMUM hour-long one-way trips via personal car, shuttle, cab, limo, or party bus. Only if you're baller like Paris Hilton (two groups of friends ran into her, oh whaaaat) can you book private chopper rides and maybe catch the latter half of DJ Snake's set, WHICH I MISSED, THANKS TO FUCKING TRAFFIC. And 3LAU, why the hell was your set so fucking early on Friday?! Ugh.Anyway, when you need every minute of sleep you can get and you want to see every set possible at EDC, you really don't have 2+ hours to lose on the road every day. SUCH A TIME WASTER.And thank you, Insomniac, for making free water so inaccessible to people. Water refilling stations were far and few in between when there were so many more stands selling $5 bottles of shitty Dasani water. You know the kid that died the first night? Maybe you could've saved his life if he had easier access to water. Assholes. I was just hot and thirsty from dancing too much and even I was discouraged to refill my water bottle because I would've had to miss half of this AWESOME ANDREW RAYEL SET, and you bet your ass I am not missing ANDREW FUCKING RAYEL.Despite the crowdedness, how quickly and unmanageably dirty the venue got, how even the largest stages were spilling out everywhere because there were just way too many people who wanted in on the same sets, how the music sounded so muffled from outside of the stages because it was impossible to get in, how I wanted to dance harder so many times but couldn't due to lack of space, and how I never seemed to feel hydrated enough due to limited access to water, I STILL HAD THE BEST FUCKING TIME OF MY LIFE AT EDC. You're with sooooo many of your dear friends, you make so many new friends, the most amazing lights and fireworks are accompanying the most beautiful electronic music, and everyone seems to be in a state of pure bliss. There's really nothing quite like it.
3	I've only came to this venue for EDC. I have some of the best and worst memories here. Pre insomniac employee - Pros: a huge venue to wander around in.Cons: upon exiting you'll probably be stuck in traffic for hours!Post insomniac employee However this past year I worked with insomniac and it was such a fun experience. First of all I didn't have to use the nastyass portopotties! I actually got to go inside one of the building and use running water. Such a life savor for this germaphob. Secondly I got to park in a different lot so exiting only took me 5 mins :) this year definitely changed how I felt about this venue.
5	I go each year for EDC. Best time of the year and my life. Good times.
4	So apparently my review was taken down because it wasn't up to standards. So I have decided to write another review that's Yelp worthy.I've been to The speedway three times, three different years for the Electric Daisy carnival. I went in 2012, 2013 and 2014. Each year has been amazing and the venue is perfect for an event like EDC. The staff was okay every year and we got in and out easily. The traffic the first year was really bad but I think after that year the other two were smooth sailing, well at least for limos. The venue has a ton of room for different stages and has cooling rooms which are really important for that desert heat. There are also a lot of food and drink stations if you're hungry during your massive partying.All in all, I hope that EDC continues at the Las Vegas motor speedway, but I have retired!
5	Wow, this place is HUGE! I went here for EDC and wow, it was actually the best place to have such a big event. I was comfortable everywhere I went. I will definitely revisit again!
5	Gone every year since 2000, will continue to attend race events..
5	This review is specifically for the Exotics Racing portion of LVMS. While you may think that slinging millions of dollars of exotic automobiles around a track under the desert sun is a bit camp and a bit Disney and you couldn't be farther from the truth.The team at exotics racing, while exceptionally fun, are also the pinnacle of professionalism. The facility feels to be a very managed and safe environment while, at the same time, allowing you to feel totally out of control while totally in control. Exotics Racing has hired a team of very consummate professionals to ensure that you are having a blast out on track. They'll charge you a lot of money but you can also see where that money is being spent by ER. Oh, another thing.... Buy the extra laps. You're going to want them!They see thousands of racers every year but for that time that you're on the track you totally feel like it's yours. See you out there.
4	This is probably one of the better racing facilities in the Southwest - the Speedway is a bit smaller than that of CalSpeedway in Fontana so the NASCAR action is a bit more plentiful as its a smaller "speedway" layout The Drag strip here is awesome - I really think it rivals the top drag strips in the southwest and it shows playing host to multiple events year-around The Bullring is another well know short track concrete oval track that is known nationwide Next time you are in town if there is an event going on - take about a 20-30 minute trip north and check out one of the driving schools or one of the races that seem to go one almost weekly
