1	This place can be summed up in one word: DISGUSTING. I have been to Burger King before, so this review is NOT about the quality of the food. I have eaten at this restaurant before via drive-thru, but this was my first visit where I ate-in. I wish I hadn't. With the scorching summer temperatures and two very bored kids, I figured we'd hit a place with an indoor playground so they could burn off some energy. Walking in the door, there was an odd smell. It should have been my first sign to turn around and leave. But with two small kids gunning for the playground, there was no way I could drag them back out without eating or playing without a screaming fit. So I pushed on, ordered food and paid. The service was friendly enough. The buttons on the drink machine were sticky. Gross. Sign #2 that I should grab my kids and run. The indoor playground had only four tables in a wide open room, with two of them taken and one filthy, I opted for the only table available. The chair was sticky as we sat down. Already, before eating, my stomach churned at the thought of the impending food poisoning. Everything was filthy at this location. I regret not grabbing my kids kicking and screaming and dragging them from the restaurant.But it wasn't until I noticed the large rat house-style trap on the side of the building that I realized what I'd just subjected my family to. Needless to say I will not be returning. The kids got a head-to-toe sanitizer bath in the car and a full bath as soon as we got home, in hopes of killing some of the germs that are no doubt crawling on every inch of their skin as a result of playing in the playground. I would rather brave the 115 degree playground than return to this restaurant! YUCK!
2	We went inside to eat. This location has a play place, and is in the parking lot corner of Ray n Dobson in the Fry's plaza.My 8yr old got a kids meal. No crown, even though the gal was making them as we walked in (keep this fact in your head; rest of the story later). The manager, a young guy, had a headphone on and was rude with my dad (my DAD--the poor man is gonna be 70, and he's one of the most patient ppl ever--WTH?). I had to bark at the manager-kid for him to stop his rudeness. I also called him on his odd behavior of asking me if I wanted our drinks to be larger for (xyz cents more)--I said, we're eating in--we get free refills--are you on drive-thru mode or something? That's when he decided to get the chip off his shoulder, at least w/ me.My dad's Bk topper was smashed down and looks nothing like the pic...very flimsy.  Don't get that.  Also, when did BK start having sucky, overcooked, fatter fries? They used to have a slim version something like McDonald's only soggier. These newer fries are horrible.When my son complained that he got no crown and box w/ his meal, I sent him back up to get one. Again, the boss-man (great leadership and cust svc skills) ignored him when he went back for his crown, then finally said to him that kids don't get a crown anymore (there's the rest of the story on that)!!!  I had to go up and get in his face again!We have never had a bad experience there except for that time, which was on a Thursday night about 7pm. We have also never seen many ppl eating inside or kids playing in the play place, for some reason.Also, the parking lot is weird. Beware if you are parked there and trying to back out of your space--the drive-thru lane goes very close to the parking spaces and if someone's driving in, you could get into an accident. Not sure why they made it like that.
2	Not the best, not quite the worst.  Pretty cool staff however.
4	Always a good breakfast. Whopper is always a good charbroiled burger. New drinks and desserts are a plus.
2	The food was pretty good for BK.  The service was fast and the value menu has decent deals.  However my past two visits had errors though.  Fries rather than onion  rings last time, despite being clear.  I also asked ranch to go with my onion rings this time and they forgot that.They'd have gotten 3 or 4 stars if they'd not left stuff out twice in a row.
5	They have new people with better attitudes. They now have cinnabons, a new interactive playplace for kids of all ages, and a new pop machine similar to the one at Firehouse subs. Keep it up, BK; great positive changes! This location is in the Frys plaza corner of Ray and Dobson in Chandler
3	As fast food burger places go, this BK location isn't too bad. For a long time BK was a one trick pony, with their Charbroiled Whopper sandwiches. But now,  you see Chicken, Breakfast, 60% healthier fries, Big King, a Big Mac like double burger, and the not too healthy cinnamon buns have all been added. LOL. Still... they are no competition for the Oakbrook, IL folk, but BK is getting their corporate act together. Some might say finally. The employees all seem nice and helpful; while not looking too close at those just expired coupons. LOL I agree with fellow Yelp'ers Andrew and Javier in their assessment and call your attention to their Reviews. So Three and a Half Stars, and A-Ok in my book.
1	First off, I've been eating at the "King" since i was a kid.But after my last visit, I don't think that I will ever be back to this place ever again. I had gone through the drive-through, and waited about 15 minutes to get through the line. Now, I understand that there are times when that cannot be avoided, and i shrugged off that anoyance. Not a big deal, but as i was waiting, my attention was grabbed by something crawling on the wall. As i turned to see what it was, i was disgusted by the sight of cockroaches all over the wall!My first reaction, was to roll up my window and drive away, but i was hungry and stayed to pick up my meal. Although I should have acted on my first thought. Because, after I got home, there on the seat next to me, were two large roaches. I kind of freaked, got ridd of the intruders, and threw my dinner away.  This all gives me serious concerns about the cleanliness of the inside of this establishment. I dont think that I want to risk another visit there again.P.S. I found another one in my car the next morning. It gives me the willies just thinking about the whole experience.
4	Went through the drive through and their service was cordial and professional. The burger was exactly as I order - I just waited a little longer for my food than I expected I would have to wait. No real complaints here though!
3	Like the usual Burger King joint, this is pretty much a normal one. Good food and service was fine. No special stuff to point out from this place.
