5	Ulta is the lesser stocked more mainstream version of Sephora with more access to drugstore cosmetics and high end cosmetics as well. If you find your bathroom running low on what ever makes you look oh so pretty get one stop shopping for sure at Ulta. One reason I really like going to Ulta is they offer more variety of products than grocery stores, and sometimes drugstores as well. It's hard to leave the store with out spending a ton of money because I tend to go crazy for everything I find in there. The salon at this location is really nice as well, but it's a bit to high from my price-range.
1	I went to Ulta in Desert Ridge and was really disppointed.  I came in to get my hair trimmed about forty-five minutes before they closed.  When I came in there were two stylists sitting in the waiting area talking to the receptionist.  They asked if I had an appointment (I didn't) and then told me they couldn't take me so late, which was fine.   Then one of the stylists, an older gentleman, found it necessary to lecture me for a good five minutes on how late it was, which I thought was terribly rude.  It's a shame, because I work and live very close and was hoping to find a good salon in my area.
4	I am between 3 and 4 stars here actually.  Every time I come to this location, they don't have the items stocked in the store that are in the advertisement.  I do love the coupons though and I like that I can find killer deals on shampoo and conditioner. It's fun to just peruse the isles and see what they have.  The staff is usually pretty friendly but then they tell me EVERY single time I pay at the register, "You are approved for 2 free issues of Instyle, would you like me to have those delivered to your home?"--- Approved?  I guess it's a good marketing thing that works for them b/c they have been asking this for over a year now I think.  I actually get to tell the truth and say, "I already have a subscription, but thanks!"
4	ulta is basically the lower-end of sephora. it's great because you have all the drug-store brands of make up you can find there, NYX is the best of them all by far, and you have a couple higher end brand there, and a variety of perfume and cologne.  They also sell CHI straighteners!!!  and have a salon.  i get my hair cut there and i like it, i have experienced a couple of places and ehhh. but i like ultas, but it does depend on your stylist.  the price is maybe slightly cheaper than tony a guy. but i'm satisfied with ulta!they constantly have many sales, like buy one get one etc, on hairspray, shampoo, face wash so its great since i go into get some, and check out other things as well. again, if they had MAC i'd be there alot! lol. but overall it's good,
5	Not sure how I have forgotten to write a high-5 for this store, since I've been going for several years.I usually find exactly what I am looking for, whether it's the newest "have-to-have-it" piece of make-up from Smashbox, Benefit, POP, Two-Faced, or Ultra Moisturizing Shampoo, Conditioning Mask, Fabby Bling for the hair, sexy candles, and nifty travel items like dry shampoo, hair wipes, individual nail polish removers, tiny mascaras, little mascaras, travel toothbrushes.I have found the sales clerks to bit a bit on the sad, bored-to-death look, or alot of times don't -even -want -to -be- there vibe, but i rarely need assistance to look around, espcially the sales shelf where I generally find 75% off goodies (yesteday I found some amazing cocomut body butter, Redkins men's set, face cream, hairbrush, travel items - all 75% off).I'll be back when I'm in need of my next hair product gook - but i'm stocked to the gills with 2 bathrooms full at the moment :-)(P.S. flyer tip - wait till after tuesday when stocked, not on the sunday when the specials are advertised, as they likely are still in the stock room, not on the shelves, or have yet to be deliever,  for some un-known reason.)
4	This is your basic Ulta- not the big one with every bell and whistle.  BUT-- they are in the neighborhood and there's a lot to be said for convenience.The employees are friendly, and generally leave you alone.  If you need help, however, they are genuinely helpful.  It's clean and well organized.  If I need a last minute "emergency" gift (translate: teenage girl birthday)... I can count on getting something that will be a hit.  Plus:  LOTS of sample size / mini items, great nail care selection, almost always have my salon haircare products.
4	This is my local one stop shop for my face washes by Oil of Olay. I simply love them....and i always wait to receive my 3.50 off a 10 dollar purchase coupon in the mail. I then come to this locale and purchase 2 boxes and pay only about 9 bucks for them. Right now this location is under going a renovation but the store is still open for business and the staff is always friendly. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
3	I needed a haircut and spending $55 or more, every 6 wks, is a rip off. I was bald two years ago and it has grown back fast! Come on, it's hair, it grows like nails and cutting it should not cost a lot. I'd rather spend more money on a quality hair colorist who uses good products. The woman did a nice job but she was insulted when I told her that I thought she shouldn't use a lot of hair products or a large round brush and under blow it out because every stylist does that and I really dislike that.I don't think that I'll go again. Another reason is that I did not like her hair and the other stylists hair looked even worse. I think that it is important for a stylist to have attractive hair if I trust him/her with my hair. Personally (I don't want to sound offensive) but 3 colors and overly teased is not my idea of pretty hair. I was going to a lady who graduated from Kohler and now works at FSams but she did a so so job after a while, like she was hung over, tired or didn't want to cut that day.
5	Very interesting.Since I wrote my first review in March, remodeling began.  And ended.I had a couple 2 and 3 star visits in the late Spring and early summer.  I don't think it had anything to do with the remodel, just apathetic employees.  Now the remodel is complete.  The new store is beautiful.In the last two weeks, my last two visits were completely 5 star.  They have all sorts of cool new services, like the Benefit bar, where they do great eyebrow shaping, for a very reasonable price.  Other cheap thrills like this abound.Excellent customer service.  Really great shopping experience.  Maybe there was a turnover in staff.  A revitalization training.  No matter, check this store out, if you haven't been for a while.
5	I've been going to this store for years and am so happy they finally renovated and brought this store up to speed with the rest of the Ulta's. This Ulta still has their salon that uses Redkin products and now a Benefit Brow bar. This store is a lot more organized and thus easier to find the products you are looking for. Great job on the remodel! I've always had friendly service with employees.
1	This store is banking on the hope they are the only place to buy what they are selling. The mgr at the cash register was not only snobbish and unhelpful but down right rude. It is 12/21/12 I know Christmas time is tough for retail employees but I was at many other retail stores today and their mgrs and employees were extremely friendly. I spend approx 1/2 hour talking to a sales assoc who was very friendly and all was good until I got to register with the mgr and I ended up walking out without purchasing anything. I then went to my car and purchased desired items on amazon while in this stores.parking lot. I know business is good this time of year and maybe this companies business is always good. But the post office and Sears also used to be the king! I could explain all the facts of the situation but I am sure it would make no difference as I am confident this is the culture of this store.
4	You should do what I do and steal your wife's coupons around holidays. Girls love junk from this place and it always feels good to save a little coin if you know what I mean. Also, if your wife is anything like my wife and has to get her face did here, go to the 99 Cent Only Store while you wait. They have a lot of cool stuff there and it makes you feel like a rich man to afford anything in the store.
4	Went in last night and I'm not sure what there new approach is. Was greeted by a girl with bright long lime green hair and spider eyelashes . She was very nice . But I'm sorry I personally had a hard time looking at her while talking to her let alone get makeup advice . Most of the population does not go to work with makeup and hair like this .
1	I do not recommend the salon!
1	Worst service ever. Walked in and the woman rolled her eyes at me. Lol I'm not sure what I did. It was pretty empty and very clean. Walked around looking for a item for a good 15 min and no help. It want busy at all. The salons looked clean there was no staff for walk ins.
5	I walked into this Ulta location looking for some of my fav hair products. I couldn't find what I was looking for so I opted to try something new. The salon manager asked if I knew how to apply and style it. I said no, but I'm sure I can figure it out. She then offered to give me a blow out so I could see how to get the best results from the product. I was thrilled! The end product was amazing, and I was so grateful that she took the time to give such great customer service. I am a continuing customer here, and I urge anyone to drop in and hopefully receive the same experience I did.
1	I have been shopping at ulta for over 10 years. I have also used there salon services at the desert ridge location for quite some time .  They are extremely unorganized, and Very unprofessional . While I was being rushes through my hair appointment the stylists talked amongst themselves, like no clients were In The salon.( they were bad mouthing clients they didn't like ).The saddest part is that the manager of the salon is absolutely wonderful and extremely hardworking . As soon as she isn't around, the salon employees do not act professional, nor do they run the salon in a productive manner.I was treated very poorly at this location. I left crying I was so upset and disappointed with my hair. . 2 days later I received a call from the manager apologizing profusely for the incident that occurred. I hope this manager gets a new staff who actually know how to act professional .I will never use this salon, or visit this location again
4	They accepted my online coupons not from Ulta website, excellent news.
1	Very rude makeup manager, they do not offer small samples to try at home. Thank god they have a return policy. I was forced to buy something for New Years Eve so I could have foundation for the night and will be returning it since they were so rude to me. Will always make sure to shop at Sephora since they are helpful and let you take home samples to try on at home.
