4	This place is full of hand rolled cigars made by the owner. No name brand cigars here. But this is a treasure of a place with smokes ranging from 20 to 100+ year old tobacco grown by the family and ancestors of the owner. There is a cigar here for every kind of discerning cigar enthusiast  and its a guaranteed pleaser. There are no bad cigars here.Another huge positive is that the owner will bestow as much cigar knowledge on you as you can handle. He is very passionate and extremely knowledgable. He also rolls cigars for audience. I only gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I see room for improvement in the interior. While its not bad, it isn't decked out liked some cigar lounges. It could be cleaned up a bit and made more presentable. However, you can tell, the focus of this original boutique is cigars, not interior design.If you're looking for a great and original smoke, and maybe some more cigar knowledge, give Rich's a visit.
5	I received the most comprehensive education on tobacco and smoking during my visit to this store.The owner/operator of this store is a 20th generation tobacco master who traces his family's tobacco and smoking history all the way to the time of the Mayans.  There is absolutely no brand-name or stock cigars in this store.  Every single cigar is hand-rolled to order from aged tobacco leaves by the owner when you decide on what you want.  Now, before that happens...The owner will sit you down and give a step-by-step, detailed history on the start of tobacco use as both a cultural ritual as well as medicinal and recreational use back from the very first time it was recorded.  He then provides a lengthy history of how smoking and cigars have come to be from the ancient times to the modern world, and then proceeds to roll whichever cigar you order in front of you from the many aged tobacco leaves he possesses inside the store.  The leaves range from 10 years old up to 100 years old, which has been passed down from generation to generation of his family.  The pricing for his cigars is one dollar for every year of age, so a 30-year old leave = 30 dollars.  Learning all these details and as you smoke, you begin to appreciate the smoke and the flavor that much more.  The owner is for real; he was able to school one of my friends who met up with us at the shop that has been a cigar aficionado for over 10 years.The shop also has a relationship with the bar across the street (Bungalow Bar and Grill) where you can take your cigars and smoke while enjoying a glass of Scotch.  As we had gone near closing time, the owner also came with us after closing his shop with a 30-year old cigar and taught us some more fine arts of cigar smoking.  The five of us had also gotten 30-year-old tobacco leave cigars and it was among the most smooth smokes I've ever had.  It was the first time I had ever inhaled cigar smoke, and also did not get a pounding headache from (as I am fairly nicotine-sensitive).You can tell that for the owner, this is not just a business, but a personal passion and a family tradition.  He cared most about ensuring that his customers learned as much as they could about not just the best method to gauge and enjoy cigars, but also the meticulous methods and history behind the product.  I have not gone back to brand-name or regular smoke shops since, neither has any of my friends who have experienced this store's product and history.
5	Bought several hundred dollars of cigars from this guy, and tried to call to see if he would roll at a party for about a grand worth of cigars.  I called and let the phone ring, and when he answered, he cussed me out for letting it ring for a minute.  Would have been 5 stars based on my past experiences.***edited - rich's is no longer in business.  The guy who answered is unaffiliated.
5	Okay - so it turns out that rich's cigars is sadly no longer in business.  For the life of me, I cannot find a roller in the valley that will roll a cigar with 10, 20, or 50 year aged tobacco, filler and all.Hope he comes back!
