5	I don't know how many of you have discovered Canyon Lake, and perhaps I shouldn't tell you about it because there are enough people up there as it is...but it is the best kept secret on the east side.  If you are fortunate enough to own a boat...going up this canyon is like being in a mini grand canyon with it's majestic views.  I unfortunately don't own a boat anymore, but must tell you it's worth buying one to get to waterski and fish on this resevoire.    If you don't own a boat, try Dolly's Steamboat for a romantic evening cruise up the river...they serve dinner, but you don't have to pay extra for it, you can just take the ride...  I like Saguaro Lake too, but Canyon is spectacular.
5	This is a great place to go camp or stay in the RV. It's very nice. The RV/camping sites are close to the water. It probably be a good place for a boat as well. I had a great time up there in the RV.
4	Awesome place to spend the day!  Bring lil raft, food & bev & enjoy.  Just wish there wasnt so much trash near picnic areas or floating in water.  Some people r slobs.
4	Just spent a great weekend at canyon lake with the wife and kids. Awesome campground with great scenery and reasonable prices. Love the proximity to town (greater phoenix area).Great for kids, in fact even though I have two, packs of unruly kids screeching into the night is the only negative (besides the port-a-pottys) I can find with the place.
3	Nice lake front location. Bathrooms are pretty bad and the street lamps stay on all night and light up your tent like a christmas tree. Also they don't supply the grates for the fires.
4	on a recent visit to arizona in October, my hubby and I decided to enjoy a picnic lunch at pretty Canyon lake.  In the fall months, the lake and area are pretty free of crowds and a nice place to picnic or rent a boat.   There are bathrom facilities as well picnic tables and grills.   Beware that this park does require a day pass and it is not available for purchase within the park.   You can pick up the pass in tortilla flats about 2 miles down the road.  If you want to get out on the lake, boat rentals are available at the marina and you can see prices posted on line.
5	Statuesque Bighorn sheep. Eagles hovering above.awwww..Baby ducks . Serene Fishing. Camping nearby. Finally, pontoon ( or speed boats) boating amongst nature's immaculate cliffs; a piece of Americanas Grand Canyon right here east of the valley! we arrived in the early November month. Here the spiraling watr trails 2 all its cave inhabitants with people traffic ceased almost 2 a halt.A private escape, We ate drank n have been merry evr since !!!!  A rare gem in the desert called Canyon Lake grows Gods natural skyscrapers,BIG beauty ,hospitality ease, n marina affordability tht  will knock out its constitutes includ lake pleasant. Dolly steamboat, dinner, n tours adds 2 the friends n family adventure !
5	This was such an enjoyable place to dip your boat into the water.  Smooth water and spectacular scenery.  Wonderful day.   We just anchored the boat and jumped in to cool off every now and then.  Pack your cooler and just suck in some of the amazing sunshine and blue skies.
4	This was such a picturesque lake. Large, great for boating, little fishing areas and surrounding majestic hills to hike. There are several picnic areas and boat launch spots, pick up a permit for those areas. Stop at the vista overlook on the Apache Trail before you get down to the lake for a stunninng view, especially around sunset. Beware if you plan to continue on to Roosevelt Lake along the Apache Trail - there are about 20 miles of primitive road (non-paved) just a few miles past Tortilla Flats.Keep going past the first couple of parking areas to the Lakeside Restaurant & Cantina and you won't need a permit to park. You can catch the Dolly ride on the lake, reminds me of a cross between a pontoon and those old Mississippi riverboats. Feel like renting some aquatic equipment? There are boat rentals as well as pontoon, kayak and canoe.
5	My wife and I love this place!  There's great places to explore and the best lake for views.  You can find more secluded spots or big covered picnic areas.  Just love it!  Make sure to get your pass.  You can even get it online before you go.  It's called a Tonto Day Pass and there's different types so buy the right one.
