3	Getting to be the first to review this course seems fitting since I went there twice in the past 3 days. I only have a few issues with this course seeing as it is basically a glorified par 3 course.One glaring issue is that the green fees are comparable to Rhodes Ranch which makes no sense. However, the coupons make playing a round less strenuous on your wallet. Another issue is the fact that one of the workers basically hassled us on the 15th green asking if we had actually paid for 18 holes. I'm pretty sure he is the same person who we paid so he should've already known that answer.Other than that the course is definitely a bit short but fun for beginners. If you are looking to finish a quick 18 holes you should definitely check out this course.
4	i like the place.. good for starters beginner level... alot of par 3's got to work on ur short game u need it.. take a few hours and hit some balls!!
4	Went here recently for a "Le Tip" networking breakfast.  The breakfast was "buffet" style so not really able to give a good rating or bad rating.  The wait staff service was 5 Stars for sure and they had a good cup of coffee so that counts too.Nice looking place overall though I'm not a golfer I enjoyed seeing the ducks and rabbits everywhere.  No gophers that I could see.
3	No frills very quick 18...All par 3 and 4s.  Inconsistant greens from very fast, to slow.  But its cheap, fun, and you can get in and out in about 2 hours or so...not the worst by any means.
5	This is nice course, pretty and well maintained. It's a great course especially for those learning, the holes aren't way long. The shop and staff are nice and helpful.
3	Played for the first time here with a friend. Pretty much a par3 course. First thoughts were "eh looks like a nice course". In reality it was. It's a nice course, only complain were the greens. They were kinda long and pretty bumpy. Not a bad course for a beginner. Good place to get practice on your short game.
4	I most recently played here in early February. I usually play this as my "warm up" course when visiting Vegas before moving on to higher end ones. It's usually in pretty good condition, and due to the short length, it plays fast. I was paired up with 3 other folks, including a female beginner who could barely hit the ball outside of her shadow, and we finished in 3 hours with nobody pushing us and very little waiting in front of us. Good choice if you don't have all day to devote to a round. This course, like Las Vegas Golf Club, is also one of the few courses you can walk in Vegas, so that's a big plus in my book although most other folks I saw were in carts.
