5	Awesome to have a french bakery in the neighborhood!  If your are someone who likes to eat French pastries and bread, LaG is great. I love almond croissant and LaG's didn't disappoint.  It has been hard to find a great croissant since return from NYC years ago, and now have the place to go.  The Lunette was excellent, too.
2	It's wonderful that such a nice bakery has opened in the South Hills, but until they figure out how to manage their popularity, I won't be a fan.  I've gone three times in the two weeks they've opened.  The first time I went at about 11:30 for just a baguette and I waited in line 10 minutes, behind only two people.  The next time I stopped in for a baguette about 2pm and they had none left, so I left, too. (Seriously - a french bakery should NEVER run out of baguettes.)  The straw that broke the camel's back was arriving this past Sunday at 9:30 a.m.  The line was out the door - kudos to them for their popularity - but it took 40 minutes to get served! And all I wanted was a baguette and two croissants.  They need to figure out a better system, like more staff or two registers.   If I ever see more than two cars in the parking lot, I will head straight to Giant Eagle for my bread instead.
4	Wow... Great place... Finally a true French pastry shop in the south hills... For those who want to complain about a wait and wanting to go GE to get there "baguette" please continue to do so it only means not for those of us who appreciate true craftsmanship...
5	Managed to stop by today and I loved it!! The chocolate croissant reminded me of growing up in France. I mean the smell of the place was straight nostalgic for me!! I bought my dad a pistachio pastry because he's visiting tomorrow and he'll definitely enjoy it. If you love pastries, check them out! Delicious if not a little more expensive then the usual bakery- but this is my new usual now. Support local business anyways guys!
5	New location, same amazing breads, pastries and French yummies as the more well known place in Lawrenceville.  I love this place. There is usually a long line on weekends, but it is so worth the wait.Baguettes, quiche, croissants, it's all delicious.
5	The best bakery I've ever been to! HighlyRecommend the Almond Croissant, Ham & Cheese croissant (have them warm it up!) and any of the Tarts!
5	This place. I can't even... It is just incredible. AND now a second location!!! The best french pastries I've ever had. Wait. The best pastries I've ever had! And the most artful too!Walking in you're met with the most amazing smell you've ever experienced in your life. Then you gaze across the display of beautiful creations, you almost don't wait to eat them. But you do. And you enjoy them, immensely. There really isn't a pasty I've had that I didn't like. The almond croissants are my fave's, but I also enjoy their pistachio desserts and chocolate wafer-like desserts. Forgive me for not remembering their proper name. I think I was too busy shoving them in my mouth.This location is a lot bigger than their orginal one, plus the free parking lot is a major perk compared to the Lawrenceville street parking. Plus, there's free wifi! I think it would be dangerous to sit here for a while...
5	My wife was so excited when this location opened. We stop in regularly after the kids are off to school. We have yet to find anything that isn't fantastic. Not only are the pastries great, but it's a great place to stop for lunch.
5	Almond croissant.  You don't need to know anything else.  Just do It.(end of review)Just kidding (but not really).  When I found out La Gourmandine was coming to Mount Lebanon, to say I was stoked is an understatement.  Many times I had visited the Lawrenceville location later in the day only to find my favorite treat out of stock.  Now that they're in our back yard, it's more than easy to run for a morning pastry and a coffee (probably not a good thing for my wallet nor my waist).Honestly, everything here is solid (and from what I've heard from a few French friends, truly representative of a French pastry shop).  A word of warning...  this place gets busy during the weekend mornings and you can easily drop a small fortune on baked goods if you don't exhibit self-control.Try stopping by on a weekday morning if you can, grab a coffee and enjoy one of their pastries warmed up...  doesn't get any better than that in the South Hills!
