5	The Service was Amazing. Called a few times with a bunch of questions & Jennifer was very Nice & Friendly. Also super patient cause when people don't understand something they can be pretty annoying with mad questions. Hehee  Shawn the tech & his son was Great. They came right on time. Very punctual which I like. Don't like waiting around wasting time. They explained everything & show me the results afterward at the end.My bee hive & bees was gone under 30 mins which was GREAT.Very Reliable & Affordable.
5	My family and I are critical of crumbs and any other clutter around the house yet silverfish and other crawlers were popping up repeatedly last summer so I grabbed a deal from Living Social around June of 2013 so that Affordable Pest Control could check out the home. Aaron came out and sprayed the home completely and reassured me that the chemicals were pet-friendly after 15 mins or so to allow the agent to settle.  The initial education and the service was awesome enough for me to sign up for monthly sprays and Aaron is still my guy to this day. Great down-to-earth, family business, maintaining professionalism and knowledgeable. Worth the investment.
5	I wish there were more stars to give!  I've had Affordable Pest Control spraying my house since 2012 when my roommate picked up that Living Social coupon.  I'm all for supporting a small, family owned business and these guys top the charts!Shawn is usually the one that comes to spray and he's awesome.  I don't feel creeped out by having some strange dude in my house or anything like that.  :)  He's very sweet and great with animals so whenever he stops by, he plays with my dog a little bit and chats with me too.  We've spent the spring and summer fighting camel spiders and finally, FINALLY I have gone two months without one creeper in my house!Jenn always texts to remind me when they'll be down to spray and they are even good about spraying if I'm not home.  I normally wouldn't leave a key for anyone to just come on in, but I've known them for so long now that I'm comfortable and confident that they are trustworthy.  This weekend I was away and returned to a small ant farm in my kitchen...I feel like I brought them back with me from San Diego (though doubtful) but I texted Jenn and she got right back to me with availability to come put up some ant traps.I tell everyone this is the best money I spend every month - we have some nasty critters out here in the desert and thankfully I only have to see them when they're belly up after spray day!  :)  They've been deserving of a yelp review for a looong time and I'm just a lazy yelper so I apologize for that but seriously, best customer service, best follow up (if needed).  BEST EVERYTHING!  Oh and they cover the whole valley, which is great because I was able to keep them when I moved from Centennial Hills to Henderson.  :)
5	These guys are THE BEST! Super friendly, easy to make appointments, and always a pleasure do deal with. And their pet and kid safe spray makes them an even better choice to go with. No leaving the house while he's spraying! I have about a 3,000 sq ft house and it only costs me $30 for them to spray and no contracts, I call when I want them to come. And generally their sprays last longer than a month. I have no pest control problems, not even an ant in my house for months! It's wonderful. I can't say enough good things about them, They are amazing and affordable and I would recommend them to anyone having any pest control issues or just looking to be extra safe.
