5	How convenient!!!!! They take walk-ins and it is located on west Flamingo. Not the ghetto! Awesome! I got there on a weekday afternoon and had one person in front of me. I will be back if I ever need more prints.
1	Went to get fingerprinted for a renewal, Sat in the waiting room for 25 minutes (only one in the office) only to listen to all the employees doing absolutely nothing & talk amongst each other about getting lunch and what to get from Einsteins.When i finally was called the young lady (who didnt have any personality) haphazardly  took my prints and when i asked why only some of the prints said PASS and others said REVIEW with red marks on the screen she said "oh you'll see alot of that".I emailed to inquire and after 4 days without reply i email back. Almost immediately  JOHN MESSINA the owner of the establishment decided he was going to fire back with a nasty, condescending argumentative attitude to a simple inquiry like he was someone of so much importantance (almost laughable)  Maybe he was so defensive because he knew the staff did something wrong. I would avoid this place and Im also going to call the Review Journal about this place so people are aware.
1	My email to the Private Investigator's Licensing Board regarding my experience trying to obtain & submit fingerprints from Accutest."I apologize this has taken so long, after over a week of phone calls & 3 visits back to Accutest Fingerprinting I think I finally have the paper you need.  I would just like to note that you may want to take this company off of your list of recommended fingerprint servers, as they were unhelpful & unknowledgeable from my 1st visit, confused about the forms & unaware of the proper procedure.  It has taken me numerous phone calls, unreturned messages & 3 visits in person to obtain this piece of paper.  The 1st visit they took my money, fingerprints, & the form, keeping the copy and the original, and then when I came back a 2nd time they gave me the incorrect copied paperwork.  It has just been an incredible inconvenience as this should have been submitted to you over a week ago.  I called and confirmed with Accutest & the PILB that I had all of the correct info prior to my 1st trip there.  My 1st trip before leaving I again confirmed that there was nothing I needed to do & all would be well..they confirmed I was good to go & all they had to do was submit electronically, I was given no paperwork or further instruction even after asking to make sure I had nothing left to do.  After receiving your email about missing paperwork I make my 2nd trip there & I'm given a copy of a piece of paper the receptionist tells me they should have given me the 1st time but didn't by mistake, but still turns out to be the wrong photocopy covering pertinent information.  The 3rd time going in they are now changing the story and claiming they did give it to me the 1st time & I lost it, although the receptionist already admitted to me they made a mistake & never gave it to me.  My conversations with them  consisted  of me asking for help to get this form, and them repeatedly responding that they had already given it to me, I just lost it.  A little frustrating to say the least, when not only do I know they never gave it to me but the receptionist already admitted to me that she forgot to give it to me.  Being that the paper was lost I had to reprint it, fill it out again, and drive there again just to get it stamped.  The entire experience I've had with this company was extremely unprofessional, and in the interest of efficiency you may want to either drop them as a recommended fingerprint outfit, or go over your procedures/forms with them again. It would have just been nice if the mistake could've been acknowledged and corrected quickly rather than continually insisting I received a form they never me, and had already previously admitted to not giving me.  I was just excited to get my work card processed as quickly as possible, and working with this company was really just a bad experience all around especially for something so simple.  I was going to attempt to just get a refund & go to another company but elected not to in the interest of not wasting anymore time.  I regret not choosing another company, but will definitely be avoiding this location if at all possible for any future needs.  I apologize this has taken so long to get to you"
5	Great service provided by John Messina and staffbeen to this place multiple times for pre-employmentdrug testing and always quick and easy with no hassleor headaches to deal with. Keep up the great work-Doug
