1	This place is awful.  We took our son in for a circumcision, which they wont schedule unless you have an initial visit and weighed your child.  During the first appt, we agreed to the heel poke/disease screen.  The nurse didn't do it correctly, and (or) was too busy trying to train someone new, so she didn't get the 3 drop minimum for submitting the sample.  I said that he'd been through enough (3 week old infant screaming like he'd never felt such pain) and I wasn't interested in another heel poke, nevermind.  So as we're leaving this employee named Michael comes after us and in his most intimidating voice was demanding that we come back in, snapping @ us that it was a state mandated test and we have to let them take more blood.  I'm not prone to being pushed around in the Dr's office so I pointed out that there was a refuse box on the form and I could have just checked it and he allowed me to do that, without an apology or even a change in attitude.  But between my son sobbing, and someone getting nasty with me as I'm trying to comfort him (neverminding him demanding more blood like I didn't have a right to decide that we'd had enough) it was a terrible experience.  There should be negative stars.  Parking wasn't a bother though, and they were on time.
1	First off,it is extremely difficult looking for this place as its in the back of the hospital and there is no sign at all saying that the pediatrics is located there... which is annoying. My daughter is a new patient with them and the first time I called to schedule a appointment the lady was rude and always interrupted when I spoke,there was a day where I couldn't make it in and I called to see if I could schedule a later appt,and the receptionist said abruptly that I couldn't because the doctor was leaving and there are no open spots today and I needed to take my daughter in right at that very moment... another day I came in the doctor we asked to be my daughters doctor and I even know what she looks like wasn't even our doctor,she didn't even tell us her name,she didn't even physically check on my daughter and I had to do all the work,not to mention this day I came in to check up on my daughter's burn marks... She didn't say much and didn't really do anything.. I'm very hesitant to even tske my daughter back here.. as of now I just called to schedule another appt,also not even to mention AGAIN the previous time we were there they didn't even let us know when to come back again,so as of now I called in to schedule another check up.... they open at 8? Yeah I'm pretty sure!  Ring Ring no answer,call again..ring ring no answer.. called 4 times and no answer. No they were not busy it rang for a long time, I'm not site if they're busy or ignoring calls. But I'm giving them one more chance and if it it blows bye bye arrowhead pediatrics.
1	You wait OVER an hour every time. Parking lot is filled to the freaking brim every time, and they blame the wait on something new every time. Don't waste your time.
1	My kids' ped from birth is leaving her practice, so I need a new doc.  Called this facility yesterday a few times and after pressing my option, phone rang off the hook.  Got through today, after phone rang off hook a few more times.  Reception rude.  Short with me, cut me off mid sentence.  When I arrived I was filling out paper work for all three kids, to be proactive, thinking this would be the new PCP for all of my kids, though only one was being seen today.  The receptionist didn't take the paperwork for other two kids and told me they "might lose it" and bring it back when the kids are seen.  Dr. was just ok.  Based on the rudeness and difficulty of scheduling, I will not be back.  Doctor's bedside manner wasn't enough to make up for rude staff.  They just lost 3 patients, as I was prepared to make them our new doctor.
1	BEWARE-THIS place has terrible customer service! My ins carrier dis not cover a visit and I was unclear on what to do to get the ins carrier to cover it so when I made my appointment for my very ill daughter they would not make her an appointment because of the denial from my insurance company and demanded payment in order to make her an appointment to see her pediatrician.  Who does this!! I don't think this is even legal the manager even demand I give them a credit card to put on file in order for my sick kids to be seen, them told me to go to urgent care if I didn't like it.DONT EVEN BOTHER WITH THIS PLACE IF YOUR THINKING OF ENROLLING YOUR CHILDREN THEY ARE DRIVEN BY $$$ and thats all your children are to them TAKE IT FROM ME! LESSON LEARNED!I have never seen this side of this place before... TIME TO FIND A NEW PEDIATRICIAN OFFICE!!
