1	I would NOT recommend this place due to their lousy service and poor food. I went on a Sunday around 6:30 pm and was seated at a dirty table. We were given our menus and waited 15 minutes for any form of beverage. When the waitress came to take our order she was completely rude, did not look at us when taking our order, did not write anything down then came back 3 times to make sure she remembered correctly. When our food did arrive we had to wait five minutes for plates, then she informed us that a salmon dish that was ordered could not be made because they were out of salmon, really?? isn't this something were should of heard before our food was done, giving us time to place another order. Eventually the wings arrived, but with no sauce on them when they were suppose to be hot wings. While we were there people around us were all getting the wrong orders as well. Clearly this waitress should not be in the food service industry if she cannot perform her job. She will be the reason I will never return
3	Place is good. Foods good. Cheap beer
4	Food was really good, waitress/hostess (same person even though she didn't know) no name tag or introduction and apparently no knowledge of who was currently working as waitress even though she was the hostess. Although she was not the most profesional wait staff we have ever had but the correct food came out in a timely manner and she kept our drinks fresh. Food was really good (better than native across the street) we got the app sampler and white pizza and I would definitely get both again, Next time I wil be trying the mediterranean side of the menu. Once they get their wait staff straightened out this will be a very nice 5 star joint.
4	We went there last night and my hubby and I split a Stromboli.  It was cooked to perfection, service was great.  We met the owners and they mentioned that they were bombarded when they first opened.  They have been working on service and staffing issues.  Our service and food were great.  I would  encourage those who weren't happy to give them another try.  We will certainly be back!
4	Ok so let's give them credit new location we need one here wings were amazing!!! Pizza looked awesome owner is there to please dogs allowed on patio way cute VIP room inside!!!! The wait staff was too young and inexperienced the owner should hire more mature and experienced servers!!
5	Update: The drink Mesa Monsoon is Magnificent!!  I am a weekly regular here now.  Stromboli is amazing.  We ordered take out this past weekend.  So good I LOVE it.  Even ate it cold the next day.  Mouth is watering  just thinking about it. Yep that is right, my husband and I give this place 5 stars and 2 thumbs up! The service was great and so was the food.  We will be back for sure.  It is great to have an individual pizza place close to our house. We get sick of always having the usual chain pizza.  My husband ordered the Stromboli which was HUGE just like the waitress said.  Over a foot long and very good.  I had the Chicken Kabobs.  They had a lot if flavor and were juicy and tender.  I enjoyed the main dish so much I nearly forgot to tell you about the hummus.  The hummus was perfect and my husband loved the marinara so much he ended up asking for some to go.  This from a man who never gets leftovers. Anyway yes this place is amazing and you should probably go. Don't listen to the first reviews.  Many of those people seem fake with their one star and no profile pictures.  Can't wait until next time.
3	After looking at the reviews I was thinking maybe maybe not. I chose to go and, this will be a partial review. Looks 7.1Bar decent stock, but above all clean.I ordered a draft beer for happy hour special. San tan devils ale. Rating on that, mug was clean, frosted and chilled. Perfection.Food came reasonably hot and fresh. Although I was not very pleased with the sample platter of chx, tenders, cheese sticks, onion rings and fried zucchini. It was a bit warm and over fried, dark on color instead of golden brown.Maybe a case of old grease. I will try again another night.I also took a small order of wings to compare them to native New Yorker across the street. I only ordered one flavor, golden. And I must say as a wing fanatic they are well above average, and a heck of a lot better than native New Yorkers. I also ordered the chicken kabob which did not come on a stick, but none the less was beyond excellent. Seasoned very well and not over powering, but most of all moist and tender. Which is so rare to find these days, my compliments to the chef on those, yummy, only complaint not enough chicken but we all know the good stuff cost for more.Bill was average for two around Mesa, service was a little green. But as I waited I also noticed the servers huddled around the register. Learning , so I think in a few months the kinks will be worked out here. Just bare with the owner, and give a little time , this might become a local spot if given a chance.I will come back At least three more times to update and give the thumbs up or down, till then I say give them a try and be a lil understanding
3	We were thrilled to have a non-chain pizza place in the neighborhood. First impression: clean, nice menu selection, not so great service. The thing that struck me the most was the smell of cigarette smoke when we walked in the front door. Yep, they allow smoking on the patio and they keep the doors open into the restaurant. Nothing like eating with an ashtray. Isn't that illegal anyways?! Check out smokefreearizona.com . The food was really good and came out quicker than we expected. We ordered medium wings and they weren't spicy but very crisp and tasty. Supreme pizza was great! Hubs ordered a gyro and was expecting pita bread but it came in a wrap form. Was still very good- just not what he expected.Thy have a kids section on the menu but I wouldn't say it was "kid-friendly". Okay to bring kids but I wouldn't after 5pm.
1	Horrible.  Nothing was right not the food not the ticket 47 dollars for 2 people all we had was one slice of pizza some fries and wings which were very small. We didnt get put happy hour discount.  Was charged 2 dollars for a tea spoon of cheese added to fries. Flies everywhere bevause they leave dpors open amd u can smell smoke fron patio. I had to cover all our plates with napkins to keep the flies off.
2	we were so excited to try this place but were not impressed. if anything we were waited on too fast but that was the least of the problems. the garlic knots we ordered came swimming in grease and barely more than room temp. the fact that it took 3 minutes to get them on the table made us wonder how long they had been sitting out and for who (or is that whom)? then the pizza came out, nothing on the pizza tasted fresh it was all highly processed and probably out of cans or frozen and heated, the dough was bread like. The calzone was 1/3 grease, 1/3 cheese, and 1/3 bad dough. my 7 yr old didn't eat anything... she ordered the cheese pizza. the place seems like it needs to be more of a bar and less of an eatery, there were plenty of TVs, and the drinks were good. I may be back for the wings and maybe taste the Greek (confusing) food section but I cant imagine its better given the quality of the pizza. I am so sorry to write this like i said I really wanted to have a great pizza place to frequent.
1	My Clients and I decided to try this restaurant out....food is very good, waitress was wonderful and then it all fell apart.  In walks this lady with a PIGEON that looks like it went through a storm and it was on top of her head.  We were appalled and it made us want to get up and leave.  Had we seen her in the restaurant earlier, we would have left.  We asked the waitress why they would allow this PIGEON to be in the restaurant?  Response:  The person is a little off and she has been in here before for dinner.  I asked to see the Manager but was told that he is aware of it and did not tell the Waiters/Waitresses to ask her to please take the filthy PIGEON outside.  It is way okay to explain to anyone that any animal (in this case a nasty, dirty PIGEON)  inside a restaurant is NOT ACCEPTABLE.  Instead of asking her to leave, the restaurant has now lost 3 great customers.  Shame on Maya......this is a major health issue and would probably have been fined or shut down, if the Inspector was there....guess I might have to call the Inspection people.
5	I've eaten here twice now and have been very pleased with the food. Generally I eat at a place and kind of forget about it, but I was craving to go back here. The menu is very confusing, but once you figure it out you'll be ok. The 1st pizza I tried was the Maya Special. So beyond delicious! I'm still craving it since I didn't have it the 2nd time. 2nd pizza was the Queen Margherita. It was good. A lot of garlic, which some people probably would hate, but I love garlic so it was fine. There are tons of choices for a vegetarian as well. I have a difficult time picking each visit. The crust is really good as well. I haven't seen anyone leave the crust behind yet. I hope that more people get on here and appreciate it because I'd like to see it stick around.
1	I too was excited that this restaurant opened and I have to agree with most that posted on here.  Each time I come here, now 4 times, the place is not busy most times empty and the waitresses have no clue how to make someone feel welcome or provide service. It's obvious that the waitresses are only there to socialize with each other and if you ask for something you're bothering them.  While  food most times is good it's also  unpredictable.  What a frustrating dining experience.  As good as their pizza is most times, I will not ever be back.
4	Great happy hour spot, especially on Thursdays when they do trivia night - fun!!  Love the calzones & pizza.  Really good hummus too!
4	We have not actually had dinner inside but have ordered take out many times.  Service was great!  Boneless wings, Greek kabobs, pizza, zucchini, strawberry salad, all amazing!!
4	Ordered the gold hot wings had them  sit in the fryer little bit longer the owner guaranteed me if they weren't the best wings I ever had that they were free.... He was very adamant about he would guarantee me the winds were free if I didn't like them. So I ordered the wings and the flavor for the golden hot was actually surprisingly pretty tasty. I shook the owner's hand when he said he guaranteed me that the wings would be the best I ever had and I was going to hold him to it. And when the wings came to the table they were actually very enjoyable. It only took about I'm minute and a half for somebody to be coming to take my order. I was overall pleased with the restaurant.
1	We live super close to this place and were excited when it opened.....and so far we've been let down. We've been there twice:Pros:-Seated quickly both times-Bartender (I think he's the owner too) makes great drinks-Mozzarella sticks were goodCons:-Waitresses aren't very good or attentive or even friendly or quick-I'm pretty sure I got the wrong flavor of wings and the waitress argued with me. I ate them anyway and didn't want them to make more.-Food is sometimes hit or miss - pizza is okay but not great, wings aren't anything special.-Food wait time is ridiculous. Both times it took a long time to get our food and it didn't come out at the same time, which was weird. (But I think it was because our waitress missed an item and put it in late.)We'll try it again a couple times, but this might be a place we go for drinks only (not food). Overall, just disappointed.
1	Food was ok, service was horrible.  Food took forever, orders didn't come out together. Drinks took forever and couldn't even get them right. Bill was incorrect and took forever to fix.  They treat you like a friend who is irritating them, not customers. Sad, because it's so close to home.
1	Terrible service, terrible food.  We were sick for a few days after we ate here.  My fork had cheese dried on it.  I realize it's fairly new but come on.....
5	I'm a huge foodie and the Gold Wings here are the best in AZ... Much better then Oregano's,  Natives,  Barros, Toby Keith's, Hooters, Buffalo Wild Wings,  etc.   The pizza was cooked perfect with a crunchy crust, just the way I like it.   The specialty drinks were worth the money,  got a good buzz from the Mesa Monsoon. Not sure why this place has poor reviews, my experience was awesome. Service was fast.
5	Stopped in for a flat bread pizza and a beer, instead opted for wings and breaded zucchini. They were both great!  Outstanding service. This place is only a few months old, but with great food and a nice ambiance, it's well worth a visit.
2	I won't critique the service since our server was on her first day. But the food? Ugh. Simply dreadful. We got the appetizer sampler and it was all pretty much brought in frozen stuff (I'm pretty sure the mozzarella sticks were the same ones I get from Costco). They weren't particularly bad, but they weren't really good either. Two people ordered the Greek gyros wrap, and I've left more gyros scraps on some plates from good Mediterranean places than these sandwiches had. Another party member had the Philly cheese steak and said it was the worst she ever had. We left the food uneaten. The only reason why I give it two stars is because the owner comped the whole meal, including the edible (though by no means good)  appetizers, so it was actually decent for what we paid, but I don't think we'll be back.
5	The wings and pizza are really but its pretty pricey. My girlfriend and i ate here enjoyed the food and drinks but when w saw are bill it came out to be $40+ with tip. Haven't been back due to the price but if you have money to spend and looking for some good wings and pizza i would recommend this place
2	We asked about the house wine and were told it was good. No such luck.The pizza was good, but the service was lacking.
3	Tonight we ordered in and tried out a new place. Maya NY  Pizza, we had the stromboli, golden spicy wings and the Buffalo chicken sub. The stromboli was very tasty I would recommend that for sure.      The wings, we asked for sauce on the side but they came covered, no big deal but we prefer them dry. Not sure what the golden sauce is but it was tasty.        The Buffalo chicken sub was disappointing as it had no sauce or garnish. It was just buffalo chicken on a bun. I put my own blue cheese dressing on at home, saved it a little. The sub was supposed to come with a side salad but we did not receive that.     We ordered a two liter of Sprite and instead got Diet Coke. All in all it was alright food but too many mistakes in the order for my taste. The restaurant was nice enough to call and ask me if we ordered twice and had food going to two seperate addresses...No we did not but thanks for asking! We will see if we ended up paying twice, I hope not as we payed enough for what we got and what we didn't get.     My husband gives the stromboli 4 stars but the salad we did not get 0 stars...and he hates Diet Coke.
1	This place was a disaster!  It's dining room was  2 degrees from Hells temperature (even in July)!  Wait staff is too busy and entertained with Facebook to be concerned, attentive or effective.  The food was bland and a lil pricey....only plus to the night was the beer was cold for a couple minutes to take away from the blanket of heat in the dining room.  Don't waste your time or money...go anywhere else. Try Natives' across the street!
2	We have been to Maya's many times since it first opened.  In the restaurant and delivery.  I originally gave them 4 stars as the food was consistently good.  The last 4 times have really been poor.  The flavor and quality of the food had really diminished.  The food now tastes like it was frozen and heated up in a microwave.  It's sad because we ate there often.
