5	I have been practicing with Angelica for at least a year. I love her classes because she fills them with so much positive energy. On bad days, I go to her class and feel 100% better. With her instruction I have been able to develop my asana practice but also my whole life. I feel like I have been able to become truer to myself through my practice with her. But what I really love about Angelica is that she keeps herself grounded so she can relate to her students. Her practice will push you physically, spiritually, and mentally. But she is always there to support and love her students.
5	Cute, clean, and calming yoga studio. The session I attended was with a great instructor named Lucy, who is very knowledgeable and personable. All around, Sin City Yoga was just a wonderful hour and a half. A great emphasis placed on honoring yourself and your body. Am definitely returning. :)
5	I started practicing at Sin City Yoga because the school is close to my house, however I keep coming back because after three years living here, it is the best yoga I have experienced in Vegas. The teachers are extremely experienced and committed and are always finely tuned to every body in the room, making adjustments and improving every student's practice specific to their needs. Attentive teachers and the intimate space ensure that after each class I leave renewed in body, mind and spirit feeling like I have been given the personal attention necessary to improve my practice.  Hence, every time I come back my yoga practice has improved. On top of that it is fun, and while the teachers encourage us to work hard they always find a way to inject humor and a little "let's not take ourselves too seriously" attitude into the proceedings. I feel very blessed to have found these folks and cannot recommend them highly enough.
5	I have been practicing yoga for a couple of years now and I have found Angelica to be one of the most authentic people I know. I have also been enrolled/registered  and participating in the teacher training class she offers at her studio. I have participated in many training and development programs and I love going to Angelicas class if you are considering taking teacher training take her class, if you are considering yoga or love yoga. Take her class. I believe you will love the authentic, generous, committed and compassionate way about Angelica and benefit from being with her.
5	I started with an amazing groupon deal. 10 classes for $35. there was also an option for 20 classes for $50. I seriously should have done that one. KICKING myself now because its such an unbelievable deal because Yoga in general is pricey. This place is actually pretty competitively priced. its drop in classes are only $15 when most are $20 and the monthly rates make it even more affordable for someone who goes  at least 1.5 times a week. I also love this studio because Its a 5 minute walk from my house and my illustration career has me at home most of the day  drawing at a desk...so the little yoga fairy is singing in my ear... "its right there..... goo!!! take a break from your desk... stretch... expand your self awareness...you know you should! don't be lazy!!"  Also I've taken up running and running and yoga seem to be the perfect combination. They both help each other out tremendously. Last but not Least, this little yoga family is exactly that. A small tight nit group of instructors and students that remember your name and smile when they see you. they give hugs, not handshakes. they love life, and they love you.  I love Angelica, she's so full of life, its really quite inspiring. I haven't taken a class from her but Ive talked with her a few times before and after classes and she plays this wacky instrument that sits in class. Its pretty cool. Healther is Hilarious, she is so funny, so real, she reminds me of home because shes from the north. She teaches such a great class for beginners, she makes me laugh and relax and go at my own pace. I love that woman. And Sensual Lucy, such a magnetic lady. She really pushes me, challenges me but makes me feel safe. She has the biggest smile/eyes and heart.  I have yet to take classes from the other instructors, but when I get a chance I will update this review. *I edited this review to give it another star because its as good as it gets really.
5	Disclaimer: They are my business neighbors (the rose garden on Rose Street rocks!).  But I love them for many different reasons.Mainly It's because of the importance of community and spirituality Angelica and the rest of the SCY staff put into their practice.  I have participated in many charity events as well as regular classes and special teacher events.  They are all fun and offer a more one on one style of teaching even in a bigger class that is great!Really reasonable specials for those struggling to afford a healthy lifestyle but well worth full price.  Also really fun retail products like leggings made from recycled bottles.
5	Sin City Yoga is owned by Angelica, who is the best yoga teacher I've found in two cities now. I've personally only taken classes taught by her, but I'd put my faith in any teacher she hired.Classes here are unique in that it's challenging and fun all at once. You quickly feel like you're a regular and like you're hanging out with a group of friends who will support you - esp. when you're trying a difficult pose. Angelica also likes to incorporate fun things like flowers, tea lights, and live music, which def. sets this studio apart from other classes I've taken.SCY is great about keeping an updated class schedule on their website, and classes are 90 minutes each. They're offered at a wide range of times, and once a month, the studio hosts "Happy Hour" sort of events where you do yoga and then drink. Kind of a great win-win.If you're looking for a yoga studio in Vegas, I'd def. start here first!
5	I have been practicing yoga for a few years and i was ready to find extensive training. I first called a different studio to take the teacher training course and I was, surprisingly, ignored. I then called Angelica Govaert at Sin City Yoga and was greeted with all the kindness and excitement in the world. Since I have been at the studio, I have felt nothing less than pure, love, help, and wisdom from everyone there. Angelica has worked so hard to bring people together in the Yoga community and her efforts have paid off. Her studio is the best I've ever been to. Everyone is so friendly and helpful. I've grown so much in the past 3 months of being there and I don't intend to stop. I recommend her studio above all others. If you sign up, it will undoubtedly be the best decision you can make for your life. It was surely for me.
5	Hello Yelpers. I took Angelica Govaert's 200 teacher training in May 2013. Upon completion I cannot tell you how happy I am to have had this experience. Truly life changing. I love this studio and it has my full support. I am very grateful to have met and learned from so many beautiful people. Definitely a downtown gem! Come for the love of yoga!
5	If you are thinking about participating in a yoga teacher training, I would highly recommend the Sin City Teacher Training with Angelica. For me, teacher training had been something I wanted to do for a really long time. I researched all programs in Las Vegas and finally decided on Sin City, which turned out to be the best choice I could have ever made. I have been practicing yoga on and off for years, but this experience helped immerse me far deeper into my practice than I imagined. Not only does Angelica have an outstanding love and knowledge of yoga, she is so much fun to be around. Throughout our journey I learned everything that is needed to become a well rounded yoga teacher, plus much more. I expected the physical part, but was pleasantly surprised by the spiritual growth and lifelong friendships that I gained. Thank you Angelica and Sin City Yoga, I feel so blessed! Namaste.
4	A welcoming yoga community. Angelica's approach is refreshing-people don't take themselves too seriously here, like they can at some yoga studios. I love their support of the worthy charity Yoga Gangsters, bringing free yoga to at risk young people.
5	Sin City Yoga is a boutique style studio. The few classes I went to had a few people in them. The 90 minute classes are filled with guided movements, adjustments, and a very positive flow. The Sunday morning class with Kayla and the Wednesday night classes with Erika are fantastic. Both instructors are uplifting and refreshing. I have taken classes with Erika before and her effervescent personality made me fall in love with yoga. I could not recommend her more highly. The space is not too large and could accommodate 8-10 people. I am conflicted between wanting them to fill the space due to how great the instructors are and keeping it more intimate. Most importantly, the studio is clean. The essential oils and incense they use freshens up the place.
5	AMAZING yoga studio! I love every single instructor I've had the pleasure to experience. All have very different styles, so you never know what you are going to get. A special shout out to Angelica & Heather, always so upbeat and positive. The small classes make a huge difference as well & so does the sustainable yogawear boutique
2	Poor location, house/garage converted into studio. No place to put your belongings while in class and shoes stay outside in the sun/rain.  Instructor just returned from classes and just babbled. Instructor would put her hands on you and push to get you to pull/stretch more, bad!
5	I can't say enough good things about the Sin City Yoga Teacher Training program. I was lucky enough to be able to participate in the immersion program in Costa Rica and it was amazing. It was truly life changing and that is not something I say lightly. I would definitely recommend Sin City yoga to anyone looking for a friendly, knowledgable unique studio this is really the place for you. Plus they have events such as happy hours and have community outreach programs so that you can be more involved in the yoga community.
5	I wanted to get some yoga in over the holidays (yeah my family is in Vegas, not exactly a white christmas! lol) This place is really great, much cozier atmosphere than you would expect in Vegas. There is a lot of personal instruction, really great place!
5	What a sweet spot in the city of sin! I love the campus-- which appears to be a house and cottage converted to a beautiful, pristine yoga, Pilates, wax and...(?) set of rooms and studios. So far, I dropped in for a free yoga class by one of the freshly graduated yoga teachers in training. It was a mixed levels (1/2) Vinyasa class. The teacher (of the yoga teachers) must be doing something right, because the class was very structured, even, and the definition of Vinyasa. I love the small space and the music. She had the sound just the right volume and pace (Bjork- like trip hop with slow beats), but not overwhelming or blaring in my ear. I wanted to feel and hear my breath and the teacher, in which I did! The yoga class is at the end of the driveway, in what looks like a converted cottage with French Doors that stay halfway open straight into the laminate wood floors. I noticed a little robot vacuum in the corner in with you can tell they use frequently.  Apparently it is standard procedure to wrap the class up with a little adjustment along with some Eucalyptus Lotion for soothing, and a mini shoulder massage for good measure (optional of course).  They had some t-shirts and tank tops with their logo or "Manifesting Mofo"...And other cute twists to yoga traditions. Also-- lotion and mats for sale. Being at Sin City Yoga made me feel like I was a part of something special. Lots of good energy and good vibes here. I hope to return soon-- if not this trip, the next one!
