5	I just wanted to start off with this review since there is only one other person who seems to have yelped about them. I am planning a trip to Vegas in the upcoming weeks and little did i know you could find and pay for parking online (i love the internet). I found Fasttrack on another website which was actually trying to charge more money than Fasttrack's website, so be sure to go to theirs directly. They offer covered as well as uncovered for as low as $6.40 a day (uncovered) and also have occasional coupons. Although i have yet to arrive and fully experience this company and its service in full-force, i would have to say that the rates are more than reasonable, and the fact that i can reserve, as well as pay in advance online and print out my confirmation ticket showing i've paid, has made me a very happy camper. I'm definitely a planner...so the fact that this is one thing scratched off my list i will give it 5 stars. Should i come across anything negative within the company/service, i will make the appropriate adjustment to the rating and keep you guys informed with an update after my trip.Don't let me down Fasttrack! :)
4	I completely forgot that i yelped about this place...oops!Just thought i would update you all and say that i had no troubles with this place what so ever. Very friendly drivers both to and from the airport and i was in and out super quick!I will say it's not the nicest of the places on the strip of airport parking, but i would definitely use it again :o)
5	I gave Fast Track full points because of the very cheap rates and excellent customer service. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. They literally pick you up and take you to your car versus making you drag your luggage around the parking lot in 110 degree heat looking for your spot - which I liked allot. The bus that takes you to the airport also drives over to your car to pick you up which I thought was also nice. As far as the rates, a tip: Go directly to their website for cheaper rates. We originally scheduled through some other website and paid an extra $3 per day. Still reasonable, but one of the staff members let us know that we could save a bit by going directly to the site. Thought it was great! would definitely use again!
4	11/22/10After missing my exit (brain was on "auto-drive," and my hands steered the car on its usual path heading home), I had a little trouble finding the parking lot due to being unaccustomed to the city's roads and their one-way signs, but once I found the site, it was smooth sailing.  Was able to save a few bucks over long-term airport parking.  I actually stumbled onto FastTrack while purchasing airplane tickets online.  Before I clicked "purchase" for parking, I thought to check directly w/ FT's website, and voila!, I found it cheaper to bypass Orbitz' link!  (FYI: you may choose covered or uncovered parking-- the former will, of course, cost more.)We had two different shuttle drivers, and while the first was friendly enough, the second one actually de-boarded the shuttle to take our roll-ons onto the bus AND did the same when we alighted at the parking lot.  Yes, he didn't just take our bags out of the bus and place them at our feet, but actually took the roll-ons and placed them IN MY CAR!  Talk about great service!  Accordingly, I tipped him more than I did the other guy.Shuttles arrive at the airport to pick you up and take you to the parking lot at regular intervals, but you can always call the dispatcher using the number on the card the driver provides to make sure a driver is on his/her way.  We're definitely going to use this service again in the future!
4	I am a monthly covered parker at this location.  The rates are quite high ($80/month) but being that I'm on the road 6 days a week sometimes (I'm a flight attendant) its the best deal of any place around.  The drivers are always quite friendly and will pick you up and drop you off right at your car.   The shuttles are usually right there to pick you up on your way into the airport, though they are a little slower going back to your car.  (though going to catch your flight is really when you need punctuality so it's no big deal.)Not sure how the daily rates work, but as often as I travel, this place is the best around.
4	I've been happy with their service.  I like the covered parking and the wider spaces.
5	This lot is closing Sunday March 31, 2013 and monthly parkers will be moved to the 40th and Van Buren Lot.  Great Service at this lot, friendly drivers and reasonable prices.  Sorry to see it close.
