2	I feel bad that I was short with the lady from my EAT24 app because I waited 1.5 hours for my pizza and this place is literally down the street from my house. Food was decent but the service was awful. Waited so long and had to chase down my delivery driver in my bath robe because he couldn't find my apt building. They also forgot my orange soda. EAT24 is amazing and if you ever use the app, you know. Don't hold them responsible for the carelessness of this restaurant.
1	Has anyone else noticed this place went from 4 stars to 2?! Believe me it's with good reason! There's ALWAYS some issue!And yes taking 2 hours for delivery is a bit much for food that's average at best- plus the good is always missing stuff :( DONE
1	Ordered a few times from here. Food was great each time. Last time it took a bit longer than usual (about 55 minutes)This time we waited an hour and checked what was going on, they said the driver was on the way. We waited until an hour and a half then called, to which they reply the driver is leaving now he'll be there in about 15 minutes. Hour and 50 minutes later no food still.
4	OK after waiting for 1 HR 20 min for delivery threw eat 24 however all my food was warm witch is a plus. My pizza however looked weird but tasted great flaky pizza was BBq. Chicken pizza. I will either call store next time or order directly.
5	The wings are always good. I live around the corner and order to go. I can always count on Ray being there and his happy face.
1	I have never eaten at rays. I work less than a mile from them so I used the eat 24 app and the driver called me an hour and 40 minutes after the order asking where I was. Slow service is no service. Especially when I am .77 miles away. Will never order from you again. I then spent an hour with eat 24 on chat support to solve the refund. You wasted my time to such a degree, that is feel it's necessary to leave you a bad review. Change your delivery time to 100 minutes.
3	3 stars for being open late... learn to make a vegan pizza please. I asked for it no cheese and guy even called to make sure I did not want cheese. French fries were good, thankfully I ordered them.
5	Awesome pizza!!!!! Love it!!!Will order from them everytime!!! It's took only 40 min to get delivery. Good costumer service!!!
1	This place is terrible. Not only did I have to wait over hour my delivery they cant even make or shape a calzone.there was barely any cheese and there salad is a joke. How can a place be cheap with lettuce ! I will never order from here again !
