5	Have just been once because we just got a puppy and were having him looked at.  They were very friendly and helpful. The vet seemed very happy to be working with my dog, and gave me a lot of information. It's an older building so it may seem a little run down, but I didn't get any feeling that anything was dirty or unkempt. Very happy to be taking my puppy there again.
5	If you're reading this and thinking that the drive is too far. It isn't. Go.I first saw Dr. Shure in early 2004 when my 16 year old Pomeranian was diagnosed with lymphoma. Dr. Shure made me feel comfortable about my decision to give him palliative care and reassured me that when the time was right, I would know.He was right and I did.When my Keeshond Joey was showing no signs of Valley Fever except tenderness and irritability, he tested him anyway and he was right. Immediately after treatment he started responding. His titer was so high we weren't sure he was going to pull through. Dr. Shure prescribed the right amount of medication at the right time and saved his life. Today, he's doing great - still on his medication but acts like a puppy.A week ago Tuesday we thought Pauly, our 18.5 year old cat had a stroke.He appeared to have gone completely blind in an instant. He was unstable and would walk right into walls. My husband took him in to see Dr. Shure knowing we would have to put him down. We said our goodbyes and he was on his way. Dr. Shure reassured him that the problems he was having were not neurological and that we could run a few tests to determine what was going on. He didn't feel that Pauly was critical and for his age, thought he was in great shape.Turns out he has high blood pressure and some kidney issues. My husband brought him home, we started his medications, a kidney friendly diet and subcutaneous fluids. Pauly is better than ever. I mean...REALLY so much better! I can't help but refer to him affectionately as "deadkitty" or "zombiekitty", it's cute and he likes it! I think it makes him feel like a badass.Dr. Shure was not about to recommend some heroic life saving surgery. He knows Pauly is old but he also knew that with a change in his diet and a little extra care we could get some quality time with him.I have sent several of my clients to see Dr. Schure because they were having horrible experiences with their veterinarians. ALL have been extremely satisfied and credit Dr. Shure for saving their pets lives. One of them, numerous times.Dr. Shure is caring and practical. He has common sense when it comes to treating your loved ones.You will be more than happy with him, I'm sure of it.
5	We took Pauly back to Dr. Schure about two weeks ago. He didn't order a crazy amount of blood work. He could tell by looking at him that he was doing rather well. He decided to keep him on his medication and his diet and play it by ear. I'm so grateful.  Pauly aka ZombieKitty is doing so great. His quality of life had improved exponentially and we have Dr. Schure to thank for making Pauly's 20th year one of his best.
5	So we have Violet. She was truly a puppy stray that we picked up in Claypool, Az.  With Mange. Nice, huh? Dr. Shure is so good with her..she loves him and let him pull...are you listening? PULL A TOOTH with no sedation. He knew it was wonky and would come out easily and he didn't even freakin' charge us for it. WHO does that? GO. Go. I send all my clients there and they're all satisfied.
1	I  would never, never, never take my dog to get groomed there again.  I have a goldendoodle and I told the groomer to NOT shave her and only cut the matts out.  I wanted her to be long!!!!! When I picked up my dog she not only looked horriable they shaved all her hair off to the skin.  I cried when I saw her and I am sick about it.  Megan the groomer should not be grooming dogs.  She is just lazy and did not want to take the time to comb her out.   I have taken her to other groomers with the same amount of matts and they NEVER shave her!!!!!   I just asked for a shampoo and brush out.   NOT a haircut or shave.  My last words to the groomer were just cut them out and make her look cute!!!! My poor dog looks like it is dying!!!! She went from being the cutiest dog ever to being the UGLY!!!!! Please never take your dog to Megan at Lookout Mountain again.  LOVE the vets...Hate the groomers!!!.
1	I am very concerned with the efficiency and technical ability of this office and staff. I had my cat front-declawed and she limped for a year following the procedure. I recently got a new puppy (aussie) and purchased their "puppy package" to get his shots and vaccinations. On one of these visits, Dr. Cook gave my puppy a shot. My puppy did not like this and made a low growl. Dr. Cook grabbed his face and wrestled my puppy on the exam counter. He then proceeded to tell me that my puppy is a bad dog with aggression issues that I'm going to have major problems with. This is absolutely ridiculous...in fact, I wanted to growl and snap at him too. The front office staff has horrible customer service skills and some of the vet techs just don't have a clue. I have since switched vet clinics and myself and my loves have been much happier without LookOut Mountain Vet.
5	I spoke to Dr. Jeffrey S. Cook today and as usual he helped me with the concerns I had about my dog ' Mr. E. Bay'.  He has always displayed care, concern and a high degree of intelligence and intuition as he has practiced his passion for veterinary medicine.  You see, I have known him for well over 20 years and he has never faultered in my eyes.  Thank you my friend, as always, I am proud of you.  Kathy
4	My old vet only saw "patients" via cattle-call. This meant waiting in a crowded waiting room for hours with other pet owners and countless animals. It was literally a zoo. Though I was happy with the vet, the environment was just too much, so I looked for another provider in the area. Lookout Mountain had some mixed reviews on Yelp, but overall pretty good, so I gave it a shot. I was pretty impressed. No, the front office staff isn't perfect. The waiting area isn't immaculate, but they took care of my dog. She had to have some pretty extensive dental work done and they did a great job. They gave me very clear instructions, explained everything very carefully, even showed me x-rays. The next day they called to see how she was doing. Who does that? My own doctor doesn't do that!
5	My dog is 86 pounds of pure chicken. She's a rescue who is still very nervous around strangers (and vacuums, doorbells, and wood flooring), and her size can make her a real monster when she's scared. Yet she still needs annual checkups and booster shots, and Lookout Mountain is the lucky winner. The front desk was very cooperative at shuffling her right into the exam room when we arrived so that she wouldn't have to sit in the waiting room (with all those scary strangers). The vet tech and the vet were both very patient and so very sweet to her throughout the visit. My dog responded very well to their kindness, and actually behaved better for them than she has with any other stranger (even though the mailman has never tried to put a thermometer in her butt!). I'm very happy with how they handled my dog. (Though, from experience, it helps to schedule the first appointment of the morning and call them en route to warn them that a big scared dog is on its way.) They also see my cat, which has also always been a positive experience. (But he's always well behaved at the vet. He's just glad he gets let out of the evil plastic box inside the evil metal box on wheels. He doesn't care what the vet does to him, as long as he's out of the box.)
5	I have been using the Vet and grooming services at this location for almost 3 decades and would hesitate to take my dogs anywhere else. Christine, in grooming, is excellent and the docs are the best, recommending natural remedies, if possible. Highly recommended!
5	We just moved to the area and had not established a Vet for our Pug Chester.  This morning he had a severe allergic reaction to something and we had seen Lookout Mountain Veterinary Clinic while driving by so we drove over there.  They read the panic on our faces and took care of Chester right away.  He is now doing great and we have a new Vet!
5	Just got my dogs nails cut here. He hates anyone touching his nails and usually cries, bites and flees whenever we try. I was shocked with how quickly the groomer calmed him down and painlessly and efficiently trimmed his nails. It was like magic! There was no wait and the entire process only took 15 minutes. The final perk...only $12! We will never go anywhere else!
5	Just got my dogs nails cut here. He hates anyone touching his nails and usually cries, bites and flees whenever we try. I was shocked with how quickly the groomer calmed him down and painlessly and efficiently trimmed his nails. It was like magic! There was no wait and the entire process only took 15 minutes. The final perk...only $12! We will never go anywhere else!
5	Dr. Gulinson is amazing, she is incredibly thorough and took amazing care of my Buddha while he was having some issues this past week. Dr. Gulinson offered several options and called me several times to check on my dog or give me more information. The staff was friendly and helpful. Thanks to all for taking such good care of my baby!
