3	I was a student here starting 6th grade till I transferred out after 8th grade.I'm going to review what I remember!This is a very small performing arts school. When I was there they had an average of about 400 students from 6-12th grade.Morning classes (7:45am - 12:15pm) are normal academics. Performing arts are in the afternoon till 2-3pm depending on the classes. For middle school:Piano is a required class during the morning.Performing arts options are voice & an instrument (this includes strings I believe), OR ballet (offered off campus with transportation by the school).Guitar is available after 6th grade.Jazz band & percussion ensemble is available by audition only after 6th grade.Drama is more of an after school program & has a fee. For high school:Students choose 2-3 classes from music (instrument, voice or piano), OR drama, OR ballet.To get in there was a waiting list. Or was it first come first serve? Either way, be sure to put your kids name down or be there when they first open with all the necessary paper work. The slots are limited. Remember, the school is SMALL!I hear they are trying to remodel & expand. When I went there the school rented space from the church, but is in no way affiliated religiously. Other space was across the street. Yes, you cross the street back & forth to get from 1 class to the next. They even had the rule, "No hugging in the crosswalk." That says something about the students lolConcerts were held in Pilgrim Hall or the actual church. Pilgrim Hall is where lunch can be eaten or a band class is held in the afternoon. Other students eat in the courtyard. A lunch truck (roach coach) came so students could purchase a lunch if they didn't bring their own.This school had a high turn over of teachers. Every year about 25% of the faculty would either be fired or quit. That's actually a lot of teachers. This may not be the case anymore since the school officials have changed. There are teachers still teaching that I recognize from when I went there:- Leah Fregulia-Roberts (Head of School) used to be the pricipal- Brian Hawkins (11th & 12th Grade Math)- Kyle Kirkman (7th & 8th Grade Math) taught me- Diane Legge (5th Grade Piano) taught me piano when there was no 5th grade- Kristin Mailhiot (Vice-Principal) used to be a middle school science teacherStudents who either go to this school during HS or graduate stay involved. I would know, I'm friends with a lot of them on Facebook. They stay arts oriented a lot of the time & still talk about things currently going on at ASA.So, why did I leave? There are a few reasons.- I wanted a big HS experience.- I wanted to go to school with more than 400 students.- I wanted life lessons. I didn't want to be sheltered. I wanted to see how the real world worked.- I wanted to go to a school where there was more than 2 guys to every 10 girls. And where those guys weren't gay. Nothing wrong with being gay. But I like boys, gay boys aren't interested in girls. See where I'm going with this?- I wanted to get away from the 5 hours of homework every night. I was constantly exhausted. I was 11, 12, & 13. I was still a kid. I missed my time to play... & sleep.- I wanted to get away from teachers who taught opinions instead of facts. Yes, this happened. Yes, I told him he was wrong for doing so. Yes, he hated me for it.- I hated playing an instrument. I didn't have time to practice after all that homework. I can't sing. Anything I was interested in wasn't available till a later year. Blah blah blah... I'm not creative. Honestly, I'm not.- I wanted more options. Different types of friends. Maybe to go to school with more than 95% white kids.What did I like?- I kept friends I made in middle school to this very day.- The teachers are smart & actually make friends with their students.- I usually loved the required summer reading choices.- I love how close the Burton Barr library is. Spent almost every day after school there. I knew people who worked there & am still friends with them.
5	I am a parent of a student entering 6th Grade at Arizona School for the Arts. I work in Education and I talk to Teachers, Curriculum Directors, and Principals from all over the West Coast.  And,I am married to a former teacher at ASA.  I am passionate about this school.I will admit, I was suspect. I thought the parents who were so ecstic over the education offered at ASA might be a little off.  It couldn't be that good.  Really?  My son started school with all the aprehensions of a 5th Grade student who knew very little about music, was active in sports and was very sad about leaving his friends behind.  We (even he) chose this school because they had a strong emphasis on education and we expected the school to offer my son the opportunity to learn in an environment that was strict, supportive and creative.  We were not disappointed. ASA was all that - and MORE! The academic teachers are inventive, collaborative, and very supportive.  The arts teachers are music professionals and perform with and for the students and move them along in the curriculum with such finesse it's like they have private music lessons every day.And, the year was a success.  My son was delighted with all his classes, especially his music classes with Monica Sauer Anthony.  What a surprise to find him begging us to play his clarinet every evening before we had dinner or before we participted in a famly event.  He loved the Science Curriculum, the hands-on activity and his teacher's passion  for education.  He worked hard in Language Arts and Social Studies and really showed off his new found maturity and knowledge during Presentation Week.  And the lessons he learned in Life Skills class were really applicable and life changing.Then the performances at the end of the year were very remarkable and telling. I saw kids excelling in their musical expertise and showing off this success with such poise and confidence that I couldn't believe these were the same kids I met just 10 months prior at our summer welcome parties.The school does have a rigorous application process that leaves you on edge just wondering if your son or daughter will be permitted entry into this prestigious, blue ribbon school.  The school doesn't tolerate any bullying and supports all types of students. And, the school is near Downtown Phoenix, so there are issues with the campus being spread across some streets, but those are being addressed quickly as they are building and expanding into new facilities that will offer a number of benefits for the ever-growing school.This school is really a dream.  It's an educational opportunity I would recommend to any parent.  I think my son would write a similiar recommendation!
5	Attended this school from 6th grade through senior year. I credit every success I have in the professional world to what I learned here. Presentation skills, group organization, personal prescence, and still having fun with arts on the side.... what more could you ask for? I would send my children here, my grandchildren here, everyone. It takes a certain sort of driven child to succeed here, so any of the regular "coast through life" types need not apply. Work hard, Play hard, Succeed.
5	An Arizona elite institution.  High academic and artistic standards. Quite challenging for students. Teachers are unusually highly communicative.
5	This is my daughter's 2nd year at ASA.  I appreciate the emails teachers send me regarding my daughter's progress or places that needs my attention.  I especially appreciate the lecture videos teacher created and the free tutoring time at lunch.  I am thankful my daughter study at ASA.
