3	Stopped by for a bite and a brew.  Great spot to have some good times in the neighborhood.  There were many having some fun on the Pool Table in the back room.  The beer and wine list are not long but there are some good selections.  The menu is limited.   The burgers are hand made using a custom blend of sirloin, brisket and short ribs.  Cooked on a little grill at the end of the bar.  The Fired Egg, Bacon, Potatoes, Hot Sauce Mayo Burger was tasty and juicy.  A two napkin burger.  The potatoes were tasty.  The mayo on the burger was limited or almost nonexistent, had to ask for a little more.  My associate had the Portobello Mushroom & Swiss burger, said it was delicious.
3	Benjamin's is a new bar taking over BRiX's old space (and I believe by the same owners) after zoning issues caused them to close their doors. Their menu is focused, offering about a half-dozen varieties of burger, some available as house-made veggie burgers, and gluten-free buns upon request. Three sides and a few appetizers ranging from pretzels to pate are also on the menu.The space is narrow, with a large bar sitting on the right half and a handful of tables on the left. At the far end of the bar is where the cooking appears to take place, and beyond that in a separate room is a billiards room(And maybe more, I didn't venture inside). Arriving on a Saturday evening, there were a few sporadic diners, but plenty of space even for a large walk-in party. In addition to their full bar, Benjamin's has a beer and wine menu - no drafts though, currently at least. Their can/bottle menu has a few craft and local favorites in addition to common macro selections. The prices are reasonable, and their daily happy hours can make this bar a steal(4:30-6:30 - ranging from $1 PBR to $4 wine).We started off with the mini pretzels and truffle mustard($2). The truffle mustard was as it sounds: Mustard with a splash of earthy truffle flavor that really comes through. I'm not sure it's my favorite truffle-flavored condiment, but it was tasty. The pretzels themselves appeared to be regular store-bought mini pretzels.I chose a burger with green chilis, salsa, and chipotle sour cream and a side of home fries($9), while my friend decided on an egg, bacon, and hot sauce mayo burger with slaw($11), both medium.  The food came quickly and immediately the first thing I noticed is that my burger was entirely raw. The server was happy to correct the error and did so quickly. In the meantime I had some of my homefries, which were good, but just homefries. I would really prefer french fries, but I'm not sure they have a fryer here.My burger came back warm and cooked to a nice medium. Eating these burgers is a messy task - they are juicy to the point of excess and leave your area soaked. Unfortunately, I found the flavor of the burgers to be lacking, and my toppings didn't really didn't add much. My friend agreed that his tasted a bit bland.Because Benjamin's is new, I would like to go back and give them another shot, but there are a lot of places to get an excellent burger in Pittsburgh, so they're entering a market with some pretty tough competition - especially if their menu remains as focused as it is. I do like their attempt at combining a classy atmosphere with spruced-up blue-collar food, but at some points it felt more like an identity crisis than a synergy. They appear to be working at it constantly, though, so I'm hopeful that in time, Benjamins will shine
3	Well, we meet again newly renamed Benjamin's. Here sat a beautiful and what seemed tp be cursed wine bar that switched its course and ended up a burger joint. I can still confirm that it's a beautiful restaurant. Dark wood, dimly lit with a romantic vibe. It still yearns to be a wine bar. By the look of the massive amounts of wine behind the bar, it seemed as if it was. 'Tis not the real sitch though. With only about 10 choices between red and white and far more beer options, you'd be best to put the wine bar days behind you. I was still happy to see my glorious Malbec on "tap." I was def not feeling the $10 for an 8oz pour, so me and my friend opted for the whole bottle for $30 to split. I was feeling a little buzz!I had perused the menu beforehand and was very excited about the prospect of truffled mustard and pretzels calling my name! But when it was set down there was a bit of shock. I expected truffled mustard to go with a handmade mini pretzels. It was not. It was store bought pretzels you get from Giant Eagle. Thatt's okay, the delicious mustard more than made up for it considering I wanted to swim in a pool of it. Ahmahzing!So, of course I had to ask for a side of it to accompany my portobello and Swiss cheese burger. I thought the burger itself was tasty. It tasted smokey, which I enjoy. The meat wasn't as fresh as my fave, Wingharts, but it was good. I also was glad to have two portobellos stacked on top. I think sometimes places are chincy with my bellos! But that mustard... Gawd! It just put it over the top. Oh yeah, there was also coleslaw. It was pretty forgettable.The one thing to note is that they serve everything in red checkered ballpark style cartons. It doesn't bother me. I'd have eaten it off the floor if it's promised to be a good meal (with that mustard!!) no problem! It just didn't match the aesthetic. I don't expect fine china either. Maybe just some funky dishes. Am I being nitpicky? Probably. Just an observation.Would I go back? Absolutely! Would it maybe be just for the promise of that mustard? Probably considering I was about to put the leftovers into my purse...
4	I'd like to see this business get a boost in their star ratings and here's why. The decor is so lovely on the inside , lit candles on the bar and modern art works on the walls. The back section of Benjamin's  has additional seating a pool table and   oversized black comfy couches.  I can see myself having fun back there ;) I dined here two days in row and enjoyed both visits. And also Benjamin's has a back patio seating area, for those of you who value this sort of thing.I ordered the cheese board yumm-o which is served with truffle mustard and wine braised onions. The blue cheese was soft and melt in your mouth delicious.  I did think it was odd that there was no cheese knife so I had to eat the cheese with my hands. I used the cheese to scoop up the mustard, no biggie.   I also ordered a burger topped with truffle mustard and wine soaked onions with a side of cole slaw.  I wasn't a fan of the coleslaw , way too much vinegar.  The burger was juicy and hot and peppery and made to order. If they cook all the burgers this well I'll be back to sample more, particularly the blue cheese, green olives topped burger. Warning, they serve all their food on paper plates with plastic utensils , that justs a heads up!
3	I went here with a couple friends before the football game.  We wanted something quick but substantial.  I am a big fan of the "vibe" of this restaurant, cozy, dimly lit, fire place, beautiful bar.  The menu at this place isn't huge and all sandwiches/burgers (but hey! its a burger joint so I guess that makes sense).  There are a lot of fun options, rosemary balsamic goat cheese and green apples, aged cheddar, wine soaked onions.  So I might not be the prime candidate for this spot because I don't eat red meat or pork.   Generally, burger spots have some alternatives (turkey burgers, chicken breast, salmon, portabellas) but this place only had a veggie burger.  I wasn't floored by the patty.  I am normally a fan of zesty bean based burgers but this was had a sweat potato base.  It wasn't horrible but I have had better.  The consistently wasn't stellar. I ended up getting the rosemary-balsamic-goat cheese with green apples.  It was good but the toppings were the best part and the bread was a bit much. We also got the mustard truffle pretzels which isn't really anything fancy on the pretzel front (just normal Giant Eagle mini pretzels).  The truffle mustard was awesome though! I think the order is $1.95 so its not breaking the bank and makes the Giant Eagle pretzels understandable. PROS: Cozy ambiance, good bottle list, fire place, pool tables, fun toppings. CONS: No draft beer, limited veggie options OVERALL: I will be back. Apparently, the menu changes frequently so I look forward to some updates.
2	A $12 burger in a paper basket, yuk, but I can live with it. Serve my kids raw burgers and vent your grill into the hallway and not outdoors...that, I have a real problem with. We will not be going back, but then again, it will probably be something new soon enough.
2	Burgers. Beer. I love them both. And who knew you could get them both under one roof?? Wow! What a concept! Wonder if it will catch on? Here it is right at Benjamins. A welcome addition to Western Avenue to be sure. I like this place. I do. But, alas, I wanted to LOVE it. I don't. Oh sure, the atmosphere is totally charming - brick wall, roaring fire, great bar, friendly bartenders and service staff, a really nice place to sit and think "I'm gonna have some fun here!" Yep, the burgers are good. Quite good. With a good selection of interesting options. I had the green chilies, salsa, and chipotle mayo version and my wife had the rosemary, balsamic goat cheese and green apple one. Both were very tasty. We both had the slaw as a side and it was fresh and nicely chopped and not bathing in mayonnaise. (I hate that kind!) This was red wine vinegar based - almost too much vinegar though. Tasty for a few bites but I don't think you could eat the entire side without puckering. I couldn't. We started with the "mini pretzels and truffle mustard" - I mean, how could you NOT order that? I'll warn you - these are not real pretzels - these are vending machine pretzels, the little hard kind that come in a snack bag. What a disappointment! YUCK!Although the burgers were good, my disappointment comes from the that fact that when you charge me $10-$12 for a 6 ounce burger, I'm not happy. Small indeed. I was still hungry. I can understand if you were giving me a nice 8 oz burger, but 6? Nah, no thanks. And, oh horror of horrors, there is NO DRAFT BEER! DId I misread the sign? It does say "Bar" doesn't it? WIthout it, I'm just left feeling unsatisfied. And so it was on my visit. I had to go next door to Modern Cafe to have my draft. I know it's a new place and maybe they're still figuring it out. Here's my advice - BIGGER burgers, DRAFT beer. Then I'll be back. Regularly! There are too many other delightful burger options out there to have to settle.
5	It's an awesome burger.   Lets be real.  The bread is from bread works.  Score me 5 points.   The burger is a wonderful blend of awesomeness.   Beer selection is outstanding.   Come watch football and have a beer and burger.
5	Urban legend has it that the owner's renamed the wine bar formerly known as Brix, "Benjamins" because they poured so many 100 dollar bills into the renovation project!  You can see where the money went, it's got a chill, but beautiful vibe with a roaring fireplace, exposed brick walls, tons of great art, a friendly knowledgeable staff and a pool table and plush couches in the well styled back lounge.The menu is broken up into 3 sections "Not Burgers", "Burgers" and "Snacks".  The specialty burgers are as creative as they are delicious, I got the MASSIVE fluffy apple and rosemary goatcheese "fat boy" 14 oz burger, and it was as tasty a burger as I've ever had.  Between Brgr, Burgatory, Tessaros and Winghearts, trendy gourmet burger bars are big in the burgh, and Benjamins brings a free spirited, unpretentious but high class twist to the game.I ate at Benjamins Wednesday night, and I'm already enlisting friends to bring when I go back this weekend.  I'm not much of a wine connoisseur, and Benjamins has a nice wine list and very well stocked micro brew list to wash down their killer burgers.  I'm sorry Brix Wine Bar didn't work out, but Benjamins has risen like a phoenix from ashes to create something even better!
1	One of our regular haunts, The Modern Cafe, was packed, and our party couldn't get a table, so our fearless leader suggested we go across the street to this new place, Benjamins, and give them a shot.  It didn't take us long to figure out why this place didn't have as many customers as their neighbor, because the prices seemed ridiculous, although the atmosphere was ever-so-slightly upscaled compared to The Modern.  We arrived at 4:30, which was supposedly happy hour, but we didn't seem to get happy hour prices on the beers and such that we ordered.  Two people from our party ordered the Grilled Cheese sandwich because they didn't have enough money to buy a burger.  Yes, you heard me right.  The burgers were THAT pricy.  The grilled cheese turned out to be very weird - grilled cheese on a pancake?  AND of course, it was ALSO overpriced.  Apparently, our party wasn't the type of clientele that this establishment was interested in, because it took forever to get somebody to take our order, even though the place was mostly empty.  And how long does it take to cook a couple of grilled cheese sandwiches, anyway?  I had a cup of coffee, and nobody ever bothered to ask me if I wanted a refill, so that's all I had.  My friend had a couple of Budweisers with his "grilled cheese" thing, plus some home fries that he paid extra for but didn't end up eating because they were greasy, and his tab was over $16.  At one point while waiting for our order, we decided to shoot a game of pool upstairs and left our stuff at the table.  In a few minutes, the same inattentive waitress hunted us down and asked whether or not we were still going to use the table, even though our food hadn't come yet.  She had an attitude about it, even though we were the ONLY people in the place who were using a table.  This surley waitress was training a newbee, and ended up handing a sizeable tip to the apologetic and sincere newbee, and pretty much stiffed the surley one because she treated us like we were poor college kids and not worth her time or effort.  We frequently go out to the restaurants and bars in this neighborhood, and there are some excellent places that we visit often like Nikki's Thai, Peppi's, The Allegheny Sandwich Shop, Georgio's, and of course, The Modern Cafe.  If Benjamins lasts more than a year, I'll be shocked, because neighborhood regulars like us won't be spending any money there.
1	What a disappointment.A classy and charming atmosphere completely destroyed by bad burgers and neon signs.  The menu is very limited, the appetizers (specifically the pretzels) are a joke.  My burger, after finally getting served to me, was over cooked and underwhelming.  All that aside there is one huge thing that makes me never want to return, the smell.  After leaving I got into my vehicle and instantly realized how bad I smelled like grease.   As you approach the building the smell of burgers is slightly welcoming, but when you enter it really hits you in the face.  After dining for an hour it starts to get to you.  From the looks of things the flat top vents directly into the dining area, which would explain the thick, overwhelming smell.Its hard to believe that the same people behind BRIX had anything to do with this restaurant.  This establishment has identity crisis.  A classy place meets 'fancy' burgers meets pool hall meets night club meets sports bar.  I could not be more excited about a new establishment coming to this area, but sadly its hard to imaging this place being around much longer.
3	Very interesting to have a place open up across the street from Modern Cafe, which I visit a good bit, and be more on it's level as far as class. Sure, you walk inside and Benjamins is beautiful looking. From the exposed brick right down to the wish-I-had wooden tables. But with this look also comes an aroma of greasy burgers that you are sure to walk out smelling like. They are doing what they can to ventilate, I guess, as they had a large metal device trying to take out some of the smell. It just wasn't enough.The bar tender, who also served us, was very friendly. He suggested things from the menu that were unusual and a must try. Unfortunately I wanted to try what he suggested as a veggie burger. More like bun burger with a paper thin patty of veggie burger. I do not recommend the veggie burgers from this place for a second. I just tried my hand at a veggie burger the week before at home, and mine was 8x's better on the first try. Yikes.Beer selection was plentiful. I love when places have a lot to choose from. I'd like to go back to the billiards area on a game day with some friends and hang out there. All in all it was, well, A-OK. My dates burger was delicious so I'd say, stick with the burgers. It is, after all, what they are known for.
3	BWAB is the latest edition to the burgeoning burger scene in the burgh'.As such, I was intrigued to visit, and delighted for further development in the Northside.The interior is cozy, and the brick above the bar is a nice touch. The rest of the interior doesnt really match it. This really seems to be a metaphor for the lack of congruence BWAB exhibits. Ok, I get it, premium burgers justify a premium price in the ever recent trend of making pedestrian american fare into something more culinary. Some places have been successful at this.As it stands now, I left with neither a positive or negative experience. That in itself, is a negative. They are new, and as such, do not have drafts yet. They have a decent bottle/can selection of micro's. The menu is succinct, and you have the option of burgers. Good job, as I think menus exhibiting brevity are generally prefferred.The list of burger options reads well, however the sides read like something akin to Denny's. My girlfriend, as usual, ordered better (Goat cheese and apple burger), and I ordered the Bleu Cheese, Lardo, Green Olives, Pimento, Onion.They did cook both of them to med-rare, which is one plus. The lardo was one giant piece, resulting in an inequality of distribution across the burger. The other ingredients were sparse and lacked the definition.If you are trying to juxtapose different flavors, they should really all have an element of uniqueness to them.The side, hash browns/home fries, looked like they came out of a frozen foods section. If you want to justify your 11/plate price point, it is going to take a bit more than Orieda and some fancy toppings to win over my burger loving self.I hope these are merely growing pains, but my girlfriend and I both left stating that we could probably construct a better burger ourselves. This is not a problem unique to this restaraunt, but people tend to get wrapped up in the concept and skip the details. Sorry, but we yelpers notice this stuff.If you are going to step up to Wingharts or Tessaro's, you better bring your A-game.
1	I went here with my boyfriend last night. The place was completely dead at 6pm. The waitress was a complete ditz that kept dropping utensils and ignoring our needs (We were one of two tables that had people sitting there.) She spent most of the night texting on her phone, not paying attention to the fact that we were out of drinks completely. We ordered two servings of appetizer pretzels with mustard. Mustard was great. Pretzels were cheap, store bought hard pretzels. We stared in disbelief for a few minutes before deciding to eat them. We ordered and shared a BBQ, Swiss Cheese, and Bacon burger, (Which was a little too red, but okay.) They do all of the cooking on a flat top stove right in the dining/bar area, which fills the room with a foul grease smell that you will end up smelling like in a matter of minutes. I was pretty disgusted with the atmosphere, and the restaurant appears to be confused as to what it's trying to be. All of my clothes reeked of nasty grease. Thought I was going to a pretty decent burger place, not a Dennys.
5	Great food, great service and great atmosphere! A welcomed addition to the North Side! Try their speciality cocktails and amazing selection of gourmet burgers.
3	I finally checked this place out.  I'm giving it 3 1/2 stars mostly on potential.  They seem to be addressing previous complaints placed on yelp.  The bar is well stocked, great beer selection, and my burger was great.  It was under cooked but the staff addressed it and I got a new burger ASAP.  The atmosphere is very chill. Great place to relax, even a good date location.  I want this place to succeed.  Honestly I don't understand the complaints about the prices.  If you want a shitty cheap burger go to McDonalds.
3	The burgers are really good - it's such an awesome atmosphere. I love sitting by the fire. One tip, as a typical booth sitter, the chairs are awesome. I think they are still getting into the grove and I'm excited to keep going back.
4	Really enjoyed my burger with the truffle mustard, and romaine lettuce with salsa and balsamic vinaigrette dressing. Plus they had Anderson Valley's Winter Solstice (bottle) to accompany it.  I walked out smelling like a deep fryer, but it was completely worth it.
3	First off, I wish I could give Benjamins an extra half star for excellent service and beautiful bathroom.  Seriously, the bathroom is spectacular and they handled our party of 11 like complete pros.  My problem is, the burger I had just doesn't stand up to others I've had in the city.  It's good, but nothing mind blowing.  I started my meal off with a side salad, which was a little odd because it had salsa on top.  It was a very tasty salad with good balsamic dressing, dont get me wrong, but definitely the first time I had salsa on a salad (and not much else).  I ordered the Top Shelf burger with Aged Cheddar cheese.  I got a side of home fries.  I added bacon and pickles to the burger.  The burger was big, with toppings piled high.  Not a bad thing, but I appreciate a bun that can handle a big burger, which this was not.  I ended up eating most of the burger with a fork and knife, and just picking out the bacon and eating it by itself (it was really good bacon).  The pickles were not standard dill pickles, but a sweet and spicy pickle which was OK, but not what I would have chosen.  The home fries were good, but let's face it, not french fries, which is what I think everyone wants instead.  I'll stress again how great the service was... they separated all of our checks without us even asking.  They were extremely attentive and friendly.  I would go back just based on this fact.  Great service like that is hard to find!
5	Love, love, love Benjamins. Sounds like they had some growing pains starting out but this is one of my favorite places on the Northside. The burgers never disappoint and the bar is great. Try the burger with the carmelized onions - heaven!
1	I have been to Benjamins twice. Both times just for drinks, so cannot comment on the food. What I did experience was bad service. The first time the bartender was more interested in socializing then bringing over the drinks.  Second time, it was not the severs fault the service was bad, she was the only one serving an increasingly busy place for Sunday brunch. What annoyed me was the owner just watched her sweat and did not step in to help out. Would not suggest the Manhattan.
3	I enjoyed my visit here.  The food was very good and the wait staff were attentive.  I ordered the pulled pork and potato salad.  Everything was delicious.
4	I have been here twice now in the past few months.  Pleasant atmosphere, nice staff, great beer selection and AWESOME burgers.  So far I have had the "candied jalapeno cream cheese & bacon" and "Fried egg, bacon, potatoes, hot sauce mayo burgers."  I ordered both cooked medium, and they were spot on.  As for sides, I've had the "curried cabbage cole slaw" and the broccoli salad.  Both were delicious.  Their soft pretzels with truffle mustard were also very good.There was a small issue during one of the visits, which is why this isn't a 5-star review.  My friends ordered soft pretzels that never arrived.  Well they arrived eventually, but only after reminding the server.  They received an apology from two staff members.  I'm also pretty sure they weren't charged for the pretzels.My only suggestion to improve Benjamin's menu would be to add some fancy french fries!
5	A life altering, truly divine religious burger eating experience! All four of my counter parts agreed. Glad to find this gem! Soft pretezels and the mustard and candided jalepeno dip worked. My burger was topped with rosemary, goat cheese and a green apple shredded...While the topping complemented the burger the meat combination is epic. Next time I go back will be trying the hot lamb sausage sandwich, can't wait. As for the service easily overlooked, people were friendly it's a laid back vide and a great spot!
3	So, I tried Benjamin's today in Allegheny West.  Not a huge disappointment. The service was very good.  The burgers we ordered were accomplished very well. I had BBQ Bacon Burger and my friend had some Balsamic vinegar, Apple, whatever burger.  I hesitated ordering it because I imagined cheap nasty bacon with ValuTime BBQ sauce.  It was actually quite good.  The bacon was very thick cut.  The bun was perfect and toasted.  It appeared to possibly be whole wheat as well.  I unfortunately did not get to try my friend's burger. I had home fries and he tried the cole slaw.  The home fries were good, but very breakfasty.  I would've been happier with fresh cut french fries.  They were light and not soaked in oil but not exactly what I wanted from a burger place.  The cole slaw was _NOT_ cole slaw.  It was cabbage but with a vinegar dressing.  It was very tasty and felt like it was much healthier than something slathered with a cream dressing.  I would order it again but I don't feel it should be called cole slaw.   The menu was actually rather confusing at first.  It seemed to be in the wrong order, if that makes sense.  We also only went hoping to have appetizers or something small and really the only real option was a meal or wine/beer.  The appetizer section seemed to be lacking any sort of appeal.  The other sandwiches that were offered did not appeal to me at all.  My friend thought of the Salmon but decided against. There also did not to appear to be a children's or Smaller portion section of the menu.  Yes, I order from the children's menu.  I like the smaller portions and the smaller price.  My favorite is the "Chicken Toes" from James' St Gastropub. I did have the White Sangria which was amazing. We did not sample any other drinks because it was a quick lunch/early dinner. Overall, I would return but it would not become a frequent spot for me. Other's commented about how the food was served in the past.  I was ok with how it was served and how the staff treated us. However, it was really more of a nothing spectacular, nothing horrible thing.  I saw no specials and nothing extremely fabulous stood out to me.  If guests were visiting, I would show them one of the other awesome places we have to eat first before returning.
4	Saw an ad in the city paper, and well, the burger people in us just had to check it out. The place is small, with a modern minimalist style. I got the rosemary balsamic goat cheese burger with apples...DEVINE, my husband got the BBQ burger, which was also quite delicious. The burger patties alone were tasty...their grill must be amazingly seasoned! I have a mean appetite, so in saying that I still felt slightly hungry when done...an appetizer would have hit the spot. I only gave it 4 stars tho because the service was under par...straight to the point, no friendly hellos...will try again because luckily the burgers make up for the lack-luster service.
4	Benjamin's has really expanded over the last year, and I'm happy to see it! I've been to the restaurant a total of six times, and each time is better than the last. They have expanded their menu (mainly the appetizers and sides) and ventilated their grill as per Yelpers requests, and seem to have a vested interest in the opinions of their patrons. The Siracha deviled eggs are pretty disappointing in my opinion, but the balsamic goat cheese burger is worth the trip alone. Their unique flavors are refreshing, and frankly a little higher brow than most upscale burger joints (read: Burgatory) which is definitely a good thing. Upon my last visit however, my party waited for upwards of an hour for our meals to arrive. The chef came out of the kitchen to personally explain the situation to our table. He said that the propane ran out as he was cooking our order. He felt extremely terrible about the whole ordeal, and comped the entire meal, plus our hefty bar tab (easily over $150 total).My experiences at Benjamin's continue to be pleasant surprising, and I'm glad to see that they continue to gain popularity. I just hope they stay underground enough that I won't have to wait for upwards of an hour to get a table, like some other burger joints (read: Burgatory).
4	I'm happy to say that Benjamin's has progressed significantly since my last review and has earned this 4 star rating! They seem to have addressed each of my initial issues and I'm now a fan!! They have draft beer!!! OK, not a lot of taps but still, enough to suffice! And they had $3 beer specials on my visit there on Saturday - including 21st Amendment! I love that!! So count me in as a happy camper!We sat at the bar, which is really charming. The whole place just feels good, even without the fire. I'm sure that's coming as the weather turns. Kasey was our bartender and was just totally awesome and attentive. She was great and a delight to talk to. We ordered burgers and they were spectacular! The beef really does make a difference and these were incredibly flavorful - the custom hand mixed blend rivals most any others I've ever had - and is far better than that of Burgatory in my opinion. I had the burger with the fried egg on top (love that!), thick cut smoked bacon and  hot sauce mayo and I'm here to tell you it was fabulous! It was bigger than the burgers we had here previously so I think they've adjusted things properly. My wife's goat cheese and green apple burger was equally amazing and we both left stuffed!! Although I didn't order them, the pretzels which initially were vending machine quality bag pretzels are now on the menu as "soft" pretzels with truffle mustard so I'm assuming they've improved there as well!  A great place and I can't wait to go back!!!
4	I came here for the first time a month ago and have been back 3 times since because it was so good! I had heard that this was the "best burger in town" and after testing it out, I think I agree with this sentiment. I have tried both the rosemary gouda burger and the red-wine braised onion burger and both were fantastic. Every burger on the menu sounds appealing, so I will work my way down the list. The service has not been consistent but on my last visit it was great, plus I don't might sacrificing great service for a great burger. Each burger comes with your side of choice - I'm not sure you can go wrong here but the pasta salad is a nice alternative to fries. Also, the brie and honey appetizer is absolutely delicious - if that is your type of thing don't pass it up!
3	Pretty decent place. The atmosphere was warm and inviting. My friends and I stopped by on a cold rainy night for a few burgers. I felt like being semi-healthy so I ordered the rosemary goat cheese and apple burger but with a veggie patty. I regret ordering the veggie patty because it was not very good. It wasn't terrible, but I've had better. (Ex: kaya, stack'd, burgatory). The cheese and apples were delicious, however. I definitely would order again, but with a regular burger!For my side, I got the ginger broccoli. It is served cold, which I wasn't expecting. It was really good, though!All in all, good place that I'd be willing to try again.
3	Burgers. They are my soulmate. My one true love. If I could eat a burger every day, I would. So when I find a burger I've yet to try I can't help but succumb to its meaty ways.The menu features burgers (duh) and a few sandwiches, salads, and starters. Naturally when I go to a place that refers to itself as a "burger bar" I get a salad. Just kidding. I got the Top Shelf Cheese burger which is a single burger with lettuce, tomato, onion, and your choice of blue, brie, or cheddar cheese. I went with blue cheese because it is the ultimate. The burger was delightful. Seriously. It was a blend of sirloin, brisket, and short rib. I'm a firm believer that you don't need to do a blend if you have quality ground chuck but this blend was flavorful, moist, and overall cooked to my specific temperature requirements aka medium.The sides that accompany the burgers and sandwiches could use a little work. My broccoli was ok as was the pasta salad and home fries. If Benjamin's steps up it's side game it will have a really great burger combo on its hands.And for all you gluten free people, Benjamin's offers gluten free buns!
5	Entertainment for the taste Budds!!  Great atmosphere & great burgers. I had the goat cheese, green apple, burger & it was the best ,cooked the way I liked it. Cole slaw was great!!  Bryan's burger was the Benjamin's burger cooked to perfection with crispy home fries in a cozy intimate setting music low enough to converse over. Very friendly staff in a clean environment!!  Muted lighting for a great atmosphere! Highly recommended.
1	Ugh.  We had a really nice brunch here a few months back, and were eager to return.Saturday at 6:00 pm, and the front room was mostly full.  There was one large 6 top free, which they understandably wouldn't give to a party of two.  So we were taken to the mezzanine, which had one high top, two sofas and a pool table!  Really?!  So we're plopped at the high top, and even with two alternating servers, the service was friendly, but ultimately poor.I think this place has a real problem.  Their main room, which is small, has several large tables, so they can only accommodate large groups.  If you're a party of two, it's either (a) eat at the bar, (b) pray for a two top in the main room, or (c) get the two top, pool table adjacent, in Siberia.Sad, too, because the food was pretty good.  Although the charcuterie appetizer is waaay overpriced for what you get, and the server has little idea as to what's on your plate!  Gee, thanks, that's helpful!Is there a pressing need in the neighborhood for a pool table in a restaurant that's charging these prices?  They seriously need to re-think the table configuration in the main room, and get rid of the pool table.  You're either a fine dining establishment  (gourmet burgers et al., but still...) or you're a pool hall.I'll have to think long and hard about returning here.  I want to support my locals, but they need to be worth supporting.
3	The hamburgers were good but a bit over priced. We wanted Cheddar cheese instead of Swiss and they charged us $1.25/person for the substitution. Never telling us ahead of time. Nor did we see it on the menu. Nice atmosphere
4	I am excited to report a drastic improvement at Benjamins.  I have had several fantastic burgers since my initial review.  I will say that despite their best efforts, the smell is still there.  I wish they would install a proper hood.  Other than that I would recommend a visit!
3	I stopped by here last Friday evening with my fiance for dinner.  We had tried going to Benjamins this past summer whenever we were in the North Side only to be turned away because their oven wasn't working.  We figured it to be a fluke and headed over at around 7:00 PM on a frigid night.  Whenever we arrived the place was packed with only a single empty table which we were shown to promptly.  This table ended up being near the front of the restaurant and next to two windows and so both my fiance and I elected to keep our jackets on during the whole meal.  I would imagine this is usually not a problem but happened to be that night since Pittsburgh was in a cold snap.For our dinner my fiance and I decided to start off the meal by splitting the soft pretzels and choosing the truffle mustard over the candied jalapeno cream cheese dipping sauce.  This would later allow me to order the candied jalapeno cream cheese and bacon burger for my entree with a side of curried cabbage cole slaw since I wanted to try different things.  Within a short time of ordering the pretzels came out with a welcome warmth to them.  They tasted pretty good on their own with my only complaint being that they might have been over salted a bit.  That was easily remedied by rubbing some of the salt off before I ate it though.  The real star of this dish ended up being the truffle mustard.  Who would have thought combing truffle with mustard was a good idea?  Well it was as the strong truffle flavor came through first before making room for the nice mustard flavor.  Our entrees came out a bit later and as my burger was being placed down in front of me my first thought was "This is it for my $10.50 burger?"  Of course I could have went with the double but the $4.50 more for an extra meat patty that wasn't very large probably wouldn't have made me too happy either.  In any case I decided to start off my dinner by digging into the curried cabbage cole slaw.  There wasn't much curried flavor to the cole slaw but it did have a lot of vinegar on it which I enjoyed but I imagine that many others would not.  Then I moved on to the burger which ended up tasting pretty good .  It's  meat was cooked to the proper medium temperature and the candied jalapeno cream cheese provided some good flavor with a bit of spiciness.The bottom line for me is that I probably wouldn't stop here again in the future.  It's not that the food was bad as I ended up enjoying most of what I had ordered but I think that it is overpriced for what you receive.
4	I love burgers so this isn't much of a stretch for me.  If you are looking for a casual dining experience, some nice cocktails, and cheap beer specials then I think Benjamins would do you well.   I keep my burgers simple (American cheese, lettuce, tomato, and mayo), so I haven't strayed too much on ordering anything else.  I will say that the appetizers that we've order have left us a little wanting.  We did order the cured meat tray, which was billed "as the best in Pittsburgh", didn't quite live up to that.  Was good enough, but nothing to live up to that hype.  We also ordered the baked brie, which was tasty but didn't really have that much actual brie in it.  Soft pretzels however are great, as soft pretzels always seem to be.  Besides my burgers, in which I always order a double, my wife tried the roasted portobello sandwich and Rosemary-Balsamic Goat Cheese & Green Apple burger.  Both were adored.  The ambiance is great, it's cozy, and warm.  That does have it's downside though.  It can get crowded, and sometimes I do leave smelling a bit like the grill.   None of these negatives have stopped me from going back though, as I've been there 3 times in the last two months.
2	Tried this place first time last week. My partner had a veggie burger and found the spice and texture nearly unpalatable. My pulled pork was fairly good; cole slaw very weird, acid-y like vinegar, I didn't like it. Our friend liked his burger. Service TERRIBLE - three people(? huh???) waited on us, lost the first order and had to come back 5-10 min later and re-take the whole order. Got part of it wrong. Was hard to get anyone's attention to get another beer - and they didn't come around to ask. All in all, REALLY MEDIOCRE - I'll go somewhere else.
5	Atmosphere and service were great!!  Good selection of drafts and cider with happy hour specials. I had the veggie burger with green apple and my love...aka goat cheese. The patty was fresh with wonderful flavor and the toppings went great together. The side of cole slaw was very tasty but a bit on the small side. Will definitely return when the weather is warmer and the store front opens up to the outside!
4	Walked down for lunch on Sunday.  Brunch with bloody Mary's available.  Wanted to try the burger since they have the fresh ground meat mixed from a couple different cuts.Tasted great best burger so far in Pittsburgh.  Home fries a neat and different side option.  Well worth it especially when you compare to something like five guys (chain).Inside it's a neat looking place with bar and sidewalk seating.  Not a big place so if see a line you will have a long wait. Also the kitchen is very small at end of bar.We had a great experience and the price surprised me. Less than $12 a person for a burger and side.
4	I love the burgers at Benjamin's, but I have to talk about the brunch I had on a recent Sunday there. I'm not certain if the full menu -- in addition to the brunch menu -- was available because it was Pittsburgh Marathon weekend, but that was a nice surprise. And a couple people at my table took advantage, getting breakfast burgers for their late brunch. A couple others ordered omelettes, which looked dense and delicious, more like a frittata. Me? Easy choice -- buttery shrimp and grits. Spectacular.Most of us took advantage of the bloody Mary bar -- extensive list of goodies to add, several different mixes (and spice levels) to serve as bases and a long list of vodkas -- including a few they'd infused on their own -- make the bloody bar a mandatory stop on a Sunday morning.Finally, I have to say I was impressed with the service. Benjamin's was jammed not long after the marathon had passed through Western Avenue, but the folks helping us did a good job of keeping our glasses full and making sure our food got out in a reasonable amount of time. I'll always be willing to go back to Benjamin's for a burger. I'm happy to say I have a great neighborhood option for brunch as well.
5	Benjamin's was a real find. Their unique blend of ground on-site burgers gives a great, one of a kind flavor. Service was excellent, friendly, and very knowledgeable. Decent gluten free bun (hard to find)
5	I had a burger with Apple and goat cheese...the others also had burgers and everyone lived them. The atmosphere is fun and the staff is most accommodating.
5	The burgers are delicious.  They are very juicy and many unique options for toppings.  It is a large burger so you will definitely leave full.    The Brie appetizer was also very good.
1	This place was absolutely awful.  The service was extremely slow and the quality of the food was just terrible.  Hamburgers were extremely undercooked and unseasoned.  A trip to McDonald's would've been a better experience than wasting time going to this restaurant.  If you like the idea of sitting around wasting time and being concerned about the risk of getting e-coli. poisoning I would say it would be fine -- Otherwise, stay away!
4	A great alternative to Burgatory or BRGR! I have sat at the bar and at tables and I have had attentive service every visit! The Rosemary Balsamic Goat cheese and green apple burger is my favorite!The flavors compliment each other well and it was cooked medium as I had ordered.The red wine braised onions&truffle mustard burger was also very good.I was not impressed with the buffalo burger though-it was just ok. My boyfriend has also had the fried egg burger which he said was spicy but not overpowering.The burgers are a little pricey but the goat cheese and apple burger is highly worth it-I don't think I could say the same about any of their other burgers however. Of note, each burger comes with a side but fries are not an option. that does not bother me but I know some diners would not be happy. The curry cloeslaw is ok-but if they have the blue cheese potato salad order that-it's awesome! They also have good drafts!
5	I went to Benjamin's with some friends. The small restaurant was crowded, and although we were told that it'd be an hour wait, there were plenty of seats at the bar. The menu is small, focusing only on burgers and a few sandwiches. I ordered the wine braised onions with trouffle mustard burger. The burger came out perfectly cooked. The meat was perfectly seasoned and all of the flavored complimented each other so well. Hands down, this is the best burger in the Burgh!!
5	Infused vodkas and a make your own bloody mary bar  make this place a must stop for a Sunday brunch.  The hangover helper is beyond awesome.  Definitely recommended.
4	Was there for the burgers yesterday.  Very nice burger, perfectly done.  Loved the truffle mustard and red onion combo.  Their mixed drinks need a bit of work. Ordered a Negroni that tasted like straight gin, and a Manhattan that was way too sweet.  The cheese and meat board is pretty decent, although I would like to see some stinker cheeses on rotation.
3	We've been back for lunch or brunch since my last review,  and we really do like it there.  We're still hesitant to try dinner after that last,  awful time.
1	Fancy looks, fancy prices.  Not a whole lot of options on the menu.   Got the pork sandwich.  The pork was good, but just not a whole lot of it.   Price per portion is on the high side.
2	Food is scrumptious. Portions are small. Service is hit or miss. The menu items are beautifully written and I guess that is what you pay for. The hype. It is overpriced. The food and the drinks could use a bit of generosity.
4	Small bar and three other areas - tables in front room, tables outside and a back room with a pool table. Good craft beer options on tap and in bottles. Great bourbon selection. The veggie burger is a little different - sweet potato and chick peas but I liked it. The home fries are good too, but the best part of my lunch was the wasabi broccoli salad. It tasted like a broccoli sushi roll. I really like the two large widows in the front - lets a lot of light in and makes for an open air room when weather permits.
1	We came in on a Sunday night with two table taken in the place and were asked to move to a smaller table in case a larger table came in. They are closing in 25 minutes and we wanted to watch the football game. I said we would move if a larger party came in and got attitude from our waitress.I would think they would want the extra income before closing. We live in the neighborhood and are in the industry. Dirty looks and attitude don't work for us.
4	Went here for Saturday brunch. They have a great brunch menu and a make your own bloody mary bar. I ordered a breakfast item, but one of my friends had a burger and loved it! We were able to sit outside, and it was lovely. I can't wait to come back here and order a burger! The menu has sooooo many that sound delicious. The service wasn't spectacular by any means, but it was fine. The interior of the restaurant looked nice, but we sat outside so I can't really comment on it.
4	If there's one thing I love, it's a good burger, and my goodness, based on the meal I had here Benjamin's knows exactly how to make a good burger!I stopped in with a family member because we had a discount card for Benjamin's, but after our meal we'd come back whether we were getting the discount or not. I ordered a top shelf cheeseburger minus the onions and with a couple extra of my favorite topping. And the burger I got was, well, really darn good! It was definitely not undercooked, but the dripping of juicy beef goodness that had me carefully eating over my plate the entire meal was a clear indication that it wasn't overcooked, either - and given my history of getting overcooked burgers, this was fantastic. My dining partner enjoyed one of their fall ales in addition to their burger, and the two things went together really well. I was admittedly way more focused on the yummy burger than the booze at that point.I guess my only tiny complaint was that I had a little confusion with the menu, which led to me getting a spicy side dish with my food. So much of the menu includes a list of ingredients that you can choose from, that I didn't realize that ordering a side of broccoli would include all of the listed ingredients (which included wasabi) mixed together as a dressing. So I ended up eating a pretty spicy side of broccoli with my burger. It tasted just fine and now I know better for next time, but it wouldn't hurt if they clarified which parts of the menu were "pick your ingredients" and which ones weren't.But overall, Benjamin's is definitely somewhere I'd eat again, and now it's on my top five places to grab a great burger in this city. My dining partner and I left feeling full and content. Can't wait to stop by again!
5	I have been here twice and both times the wait staff was  dry good at checking in on us. The burgers are the best. Next time I go I will tell them to surprise me. I know what e er I get it will be great.
1	I have tried so hard to like this place given its proximity to my house, but I just can't. While the burgers themselves are fine (though $$$$), everything else is terrible, from the sides to the other sandwiches to the smoked salmon (I suppose the charcuterie plate is just OK as well).Beyond the food, the service is usually downright rude, the inside of the place is just bizarre, the bathroom is always disgusting and usually out of toilet paper, the ventilation is terrible so you'll smell like a burger when you leave, and it's so expensive for what it is. Again, I've wanted to like this place and have been here quite a few times, but I regret it every time I step foot in there.
5	Amazing! Try the "My Morning Burger" and goat cheese and apple burger. Best burger I've had in a VERY long time. The meat is packed with flavor and makes all the difference. They are doing it right here!
5	One of the best burgers I've ever had!! We had the baked Brie for an appetizer. They had a great list of drinks and craft beers! I had the Rosemary and goat cheese burger and my boyfriend had the mushroom and Swiss. Everything was a absolutely amazing. There were so many things I wanted to try on the menu and it will be my first stop the next time I am in Pittsburgh!!
4	Came here on a chilly November night after picking up my brother from work in the North Side. He suggested Benjamin's after multiple recommendations from his coworkers, and I was down for a burger, so there we went. I decided to go out on a tiny limb and try out the balsamic/rosemary goat cheese and apple burger, which was absolutely delicious and cooked to a perfect medium-well per my request. I was admittedly a little underwhelmed by my side of home fries, but the star of the show was definitely my burger. I washed it down with a delectable triple IPA that was on draft. Overall, I enjoyed Benjamin's and will likely come back to try another one of their top shelf burgers soon.
5	After attending Yelp's Burger Bonanza @ Benjamin's I had to go back for an encore.Being that it was my daughter's birthday and that she loves burgers as much as I do I figured that, that was as good a time as any to make a return visit.Upon entering we were greeted and quickly sited in a booth next to the bar.The wife and daughter both got a cream soda and I got a Coke. We started off with the Shrimp and Grits for our appetizer. (Byrd's Mill organic corn grits, habanero cheddar cheese, brown sugar and butter.) My daughter doesn't even like grits but, she loved these.My wife and I both went with the Candied Jalapeno burger with pickles and lettuce and tomato and the birthday girl ordered a bbq, bacon cheese burger with lettuce and tomato. We patently sat and watch in excitement as our Bacon Fat Home Fries (onions & poblano peppers) were being cooked next to the bar.It was like Christmas morning as our burgers were brought all at once to our table. I am so glad I went with the Candied Jalapeno Burger! I ordered it medium and that's just how it came to me. It was super juicy and cooked perfectly! The freshly ground blend of Sirloin, Brisket & Short Rib was amazing and by adding the jalapeno cream cheese really makes the burger. It was so good! The Bacon Fat Home Fries were really good as well and complemented the burger to a tee.My other complaint was the bun as it missing something. it could have been buttered or something. The house made pickles were great also.Our waitress was perfect the whole night and never left my Coke or water glass get empty for long.
3	I really want to like this place.  It's nice but just a touch overpriced for me, especially on the North Side.  I was here for lunch on a Saturday but ended up with the brunch BLT and side of homefries.The sandwich was a little lopsided; all the B was on one side and kept falling off.  I wish I had more L, and the T was one slice in the middle, so I wanted more of that, too.  I really didn't enjoy the chunks of onion.  I'm not talking about a thick-cut ring, or slivers of onion spread on top - there were big chunks of yellow onion just tossed on the bottom of the bun.  I did enjoy the fried egg on top, though.  I love fried eggs on anything!  It added just the right amount of moisture to the bread (a hamburger bun, naturally).It was busy, so we sat at the bar.  I love sitting at the bar.  I just wish I had the quick service that everyone around me was afforded.  I couldn't decide on a beer when I was first asked what I wanted and I waited until my meal arrived to get a beer - and I had to ask for it.  I wasn't sitting at the far end, I was smack in the middle of the bar and two girls kept walking back and forth but never stopped to inquire if I was ready for a beer yet.  I hate to harp on it, but if I'm paying $9 for a draft, I want $9 service.I'll be back to try more, but I'll try to come at a slower time and speak up sooner for that beer!
