3	Eyebrows R Us charges $10 to thread eyebrows. They are currently running a promotion where you can get a pack of 5 threadings for $35, and people that purchase this group deal are also given a coupon for a free eyebrow threading to give to a friend... One of my friends did this and gave me her freebie coupon so I could try them out after I told her I wasn't really impressed with the last place I went for threading. Eyebrows R Us has multiple locations around Las Vegas. This particular one is located in a kiosk at Town Square. Since it is in a kiosk it's fairly small. I stopped in on my lunch break, right around noon on a weekday and there was no wait at all. The employees were very friendly and happy to explain both the benefits of threading to me, as well as the special package deal they have going.I thought the threading took slightly less time then the last place I went, which was one of the things I disliked about the last place I went. One thing I really don't like about threading is how every time I feel like some of the hair is in my eyes, irritating my contacts. Overall I think if you are a fan of threading you would probably be happy with Eyebrows R Us. Waxing is more my cup of tea, unless I get a special deal I doubt I'll be getting my brows threaded again anytime soon.
4	this was my first threading experience and definitely not my last!  i like it way more than waxing (with my sensitive skin i felt that threading irritated it less) and i really liked the way the girl working here the day we went did my eyebrows!  they were perfect!  i had originally gone to just get my brows and upper lip done but since they were having a special ($30 for the whole face but this was back in november) i decided to get my whole face done.  the brows and lip were no problem, but my cheeks were so sore!  only while it was being done though.  but i liked how smoothly my makeup went on afterward!  i did get a slight bumpy allergic reaction on my cheeks (nothing anywhere else on my face) but i attributed that to the fact that was probably a very sensitive area for me.  the bumps went down after several days.  well, i guess it could also be because i'm sensitive to the chlorine in the water in vegas on top of that but that did not negate my experience!the reason i gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 was because of the fact that there was only one girl working at the time i went and she was late so i had to wait around and ended up walking around the mall.  but being that it was first come first serve someone else was already in the chair by the time i got back and then another lady tried to sneak in ahead of me because there wasn't any sign-in sheet.  let's just say it wasn't a very organized system.  even so, i wish an eyebrows r us would open in hawaii!
4	Ever since my first experience with threading I have been hooked.  I have sensitive skin and waxing has me breaking out like crazy afterwards.  I do break out with threading but like 95% less than waxing.I like coming to this location because they are never busy around lunch time so I can get in and out and do some shopping around Town Square.  I have been telling everyone about threading since I discovered it.  Totally worth the little extra time!
2	After hearing about this place in Town Square from my co-workers, I decided to give it a try. I've experienced eyebrow threading before, so this was nothing novel.However, what was novel was the experience. First, the woman threading was rather rude. No welcome as I walked in, only a grunt as to sign in. When it came to my threading, she rushed the process due to a long waitlist after myself. Not going to lie, my eyebrows looked great. The entire process was painful, and I'm not talking about the plucking of my eyebrows here.When it came to pay, I knew of a discount because I worked in the mall. However, she claimed to be unaware of it. When I told her of my coworkers receiving such a discount, she begrudgingly gave it to me. Skill, they do have. Friendliness and basic customer service, they certainly do not. I'll stick with Diva Beauty.
5	I went to this location on a whim because I was running errands and desperately needed some brow attention.  It was a weekday and I was the only one, so I was weary of the outcome of the eyebrows.  Lo and Behold!  My brows are the shapely and in the best shape they've ever been!  I wish I caught the stylist's name, but I do believe she is the only one there usually.Conclusion:  Wow.  Shapely brows.  See her.
1	I've come here whenever I'm home for the holidays for the past couple of years, and they usually do a passable job. Today I had the worst experience here or at any threading place. The woman did not even ask me what I wanted and I had to tell her that I only wanted my brows cleaned up. She then proceeded to give me the lost perfunctory and least professional threading ever. I looked like a Disney villain at the end, all thin lines and high arches.I'm definitely never coming back here again. And I can only hope that my eyebrows grow back quickly.
5	I found the perfect eyebrow stylist for me at Eyebrows R Us.  I thought my last stylist here was pretty good albeit not much communication.  This time my stylist was another lady, and she was excellent!  She did a good job and educated me on why I should actually come back more often and tips on how to make my eyebrows fuller.  I felt like she really cared about my eyebrows and not trying to make a fast buck.  I don't want her to get too busy, but here's the secret:  she is here Fridays and Saturdays.
4	No wait, no lacerations, and clean eyebrows. These are the basic requirements I ask for in a threading establishment. I then come to find out that I can purchase 4 for the low low price of $25 if I act now. Before doing so, I looked at my eyebrows for several minutes to see if I was happy with the job. Sure enough, I liked it even though the arch is higher than I normally go for. As long as they still resemble a man's brow line I am happy. Please do not make me too beautiful, the world would not be able to handle it.Enough with the self loving and on with the details. I walked in without an appointment and was greeted warmly. After being ushered into the chair, the lady had her way with my stray hairs. She was quick, diligent, and precise. I was twitching often. It must have been from my last experience because I was squirming. After asking if it was my first time, she told me that all this movement was no good. She must have thought I had a nervous tick. I just didn't want to be hurt again. Is it too much to expect warm, kindness, and a gentle hand? She might not have had the last of the three, but she knows her business. I got a laugh, some idle chit chat, nice brows, and a deal all in one.
