4	My mom has a philosophy on kitchen tools and gadgets that reads something like "buy everything, take care of nothing." Since forcing her to relinquish her rights to well, anything in the kitchen, I discovered she has been stockpiling knives since I was born it appears. Instead of sharpening them or taking them to a professional, she just buys new ones. This begins the story of how the Sharp Shop became a part of my quest to save the kitchen. Tucked into an unassuming strip mall that appears to be mostly vacant The Sharp Shop has been around for years providing services to the home chef and professionals. Besides providing knife sharpening services they sharpen other things like hair scissors and other things that need....sharpening. I think it was the owner who helped me and he was very nice and only charged me $5/blade which I thought was a sweet deal particularly after attempting to sharpen those same knives myself with a sharpening stone. Have you ever tried it? Don't bother unless you have a lot of free time on your hands and enjoy working hard at something with minimal and/or disappointing results.  I don't have the time or energy to figure out how to sharpen them myself and that's what places like the Sharp Shop are for. To make my life just a little less complicated.I got my knives back in a few days and they were like brand new. Tomato: sliced! Carrot: chopped! Onion: minced! And the tears were from the onion and not from a dull knife. The only drawback is that this place keeps government hours: Monday-Friday 9am-5:30pm. Not open weekends. Not convenient. But if I was in business for myself and could set those hours without losing business I'd do it too. So kudos to you Sharp Shop man!All in all a great experience and I'll be taking care of most if not all of my cutlery needs here.
5	Found this place on yelp. Trusted him with my pricey SOG knives that I hosed up attempting to sharpen myself. Quick turnaround. Friendly service. Great price. They are sharper than they were when I bought them. He even took the time to re-grind the serrated sections that I had beat down through various means.They are scary sharp.
5	Roy is awesome always comes through in a pinch fixing my dryers and scissors and clippers! thanks!
5	The Sharp Shop is an awesome business ran by very knowledgable people, I wouldn't recommend anyone or anywhere else for any sharpening needs or any particular barber supply needed.  Always reliable, always top notch, and amazing turn-arounds...Sharp Shop has my business now and anytime in the future I ever need and item or service.Seriously folks, don't waste any time or money trying yourself or having someone else hone or sharpen your blades.I'd give more stars if possible as they're definitely worth everyone.  Also, I don't leave many reviews for any business or affiliation but I couldn't hold back for Sharp Shop as I was beyond please with their inventory and service.
5	Went in looking for a pair of clippers and came out with what I wanted and a lot of good advice. Very friendly and helpful..
5	The owner is highly knowledgeable and offers help every time I walk in the store. I haven't gotten knives or clippers sharpened here yet, but I purchase a lot of shaving products. I only buy my double edged blades here. They even gave me their recommendation on a good blade for my sensitive skin. This shop is one of a kind. I'm definitely coming back soon.
