1	Locations like this are the reason chain restaurants have such a dubious reputation. I've been several times in the last few years and there is always a problem with my order or someone else's. The service is always slow, whether the location is busy or not - how long can it take to make a pizza? Somehow it takes these people half an hour. At least.The first sign that this place is unreliable is the fact that they quote lengthy delivery times whether it's a busy day or not. 75 minutes? To bake two pizzas and some wings and bring them the mile or so to my home? Forget it. It's easier to place the order and go pick it up. Or it should be. It would be if they didn't lose orders routinely. I'm not the only customer who's had this happen to them, I've seen other people wait an extra 25 minutes when they tried to pick up their missing order.The pizzas have been lacking in toppings. They sure do know how to skimp on the meats. I hate to say good things about the wings and breadsticks, but I'll let them be the bright spot in my review.Oh - they will offer you some coupons for your next order if you have issues during your pickup. But why would you want to come back?If you absolutely must have Pizza Hut, find another location. Best choice is to go someplace else, period.
1	Ridiculous!!!  Tried to order the family box;  you get 1 topping per pizza. I wanted cheese for 1 of my pizzas, and 2 toppings on my other pizza... Said they couldn't do that. The computer wouldn't let them. I'd have to pay for the 2nd topping. Does that even make sense?  Now they aren't getting my $25 order!!!  All for a topping!!!
2	Twice now I've come to this location for the "ready right now" pizza (a la Little Caesar's) advertised in bold print on their window. Both times they have had none ready and made me wait 20+ minutes for one. The only reason I don't give them one star is that at least the pizzas they make are okay. Everyone in line at this location both times have had issues with their orders. This seems like a horribly mismanaged pizza hut. Best to avoid this location.
3	Ordered some quicky wings here the other day to satisfy my low carb diet.  They told me 20 minutes so I decided to just head over. I ordered 8 traditional wings hot.  They come in a minimum of 8 so I thought I would just split it into 2 meals.So I walk in to pick up my order.  Immediately I was greeted with a "Carissa?".  Yep that's me!  He replied, "thanks for giving us something to do". LOL  I would imagine it would be tough at lunchtime being right next to a Tropical Smoothie, Port of Subs and a Starbucks.The guy (I think the manager) was such a pleasant guy.  Not just because of his comment about not needing to be on a low carb diet.  haha  But it sure made my day.  I love personable people!Got my wings back to the office.  Lots of sauce on them. Lots. Not particularly the least messiest thing to eat at work, but hey you gotta do what you gotta do under the circumstances.  The wings were flavorful and could be spicier but to the average person they were probably spicy.  It never seems hot enough for me.  Overall customer service was amazing, the food was good and I didn't spoil my diet.  All around a winner!BTW this is a Wing Stop located inside a Pizza Hut Delivery. =)
4	Walked in around 4pm and an employee walked in right behind me and immediately asked if she could help me. Took my order and told me the pizza would be ready in 15 minutes or less. 13 minutes later had my pizza and was heading home. Excellent service, I will be returning when I want another thin and crispy pizza.
5	Look this is a take out Pizza Hut with a covered sitting area shared by a handful of other restaurants. Its fast food pizza, exactly what you'd expect. Service was fast and efficient. The place is clean. The employees were polite and thanked me for my business. No reason not to return. It was what I expected.
1	Called the store to tell them my pizza was delivered cold and hard. Asked for the district managers name and contact info and the manager on duty "Emma" told me no!  Just to recap, a manager told me she would not give me the name and contact info for her boss! Needless to say I called corporate and they filed a complaint with her boss for me. Something so simple could have been handled on the spot but due to this managers horrible skill and lack of service this incident was escalated. The future of america's youth scares me.
1	2 stars because it came before the 1 hour estimated delivery time.  0 stars for quality and temperature of pizza when it arrived.  Oh wait, minus a star for the delivery drivers restrictions on carrying packs of parm and pepper... And if I could minus one more star for not knowing how to half/half a pizza I would.   I guess you should really know what your getting coming here, but I thought they just might of improved in the past couple years we haven't eaten here.  Wrong, they still suck big time!
1	Worst pizza I've had. They don't make it like they used to. Everything looked like it it was slapped on with out care no pride what so ever.  no parmesan cheese & peppers
