5	Needed to get a really thorough eye exam. I had asked around didn't really know whom to go to, so I asked my primary care physician and they gave me Dr. Perozek's name. I did my research and goggled him and discovered good things about him. I was convinced he would be fit the bill. I had no trouble getting an appointment and they have a really efficient staff that called me to remind me of the appointment. Once I arrived, I was checked in immediately, they take a picture of you face and it's kept in your file. I signed one form for insurance and again for their privacy rules, but didn't get any other paper work. I was called back to an exam room within minutes and there it was discovered I was new to the practice and the medical staff asked a few questions and put it in their computer system and within minutes, they had my medical history. I had the typical exam, reading the smallest line possible, and then I had eye drops put in for the dilation exam. After a short wait, Dr. Perozek came in and within minutes felt very comfortable with his bedside manner. I was very pleased with my visit, and I feel I got a very thorough exam. I was given a prescription for future glasses and left feeling very satisfied with my appointment. I would recommend Dr. Perozek to anyone.
5	I got a good check-up for my eyes and what impressed me the most is that he wasn't trying to sell me anything. I asked how much it would be to get cataract surgery done for my mom who was visiting from Germany (she is somewhat not trusting with the doctors she had seen in Germany). Of course I already had a ball park in my head and he was spot on. He then asked how my mom's health insurance situation back in Germany is. When he knew that she was covered, he said, why not do it at home and save the money (he did not knew that my mom wasn't thrilled about the ophtalmologists she had been seeing in Germany)? Given how much he could have made (which is several thousand) I can only say thank you Dr. Timothy. Those are the doctors that I would keep recommending to others!
1	I went to Dr. Perozek's office and was dissatisfied with the service. I originally went in to see the doctor due to blurry vision and redness/burning in my eyes. In my opinion, the exam was not thorough and the assistant that took down all my information and complaints was diagnosing me herself. I was dismissed rather quickly after seeing the doctor and was given a new eye glass prescription to correct my vision.  I felt uncomfortable and was treated as if his next appointment was more important.  Later, after going to a different ophthalmologist, I found out that my additional concerns of redness and burning in my eyes were causing my blurry vision. It was not just a simple -- here you go your new prescription so you can see better.  Forget the underlying factor of trying to figure out why my eyes were burning or red all the time.  I will not return to this office nor will I recommend him to any of my friends or family. I have also advised my primary care physician of my experience and recommend that she should not send anyone else to Dr. Perozek's office.
5	Love this place!  I called and got an appointment right away.  I was nervous before my appointment, but the doc was friendly and made me feel comfortable.  Great selection of frames.
5	I've been seeing Dr. Perozek for a few years and have been completely satisfied.  I remember that on my first visit I was a bit apprehensive:  the office decor seemed a bit too slick, and the eyeglass frames very upscale.  I was prepared then for the hard sell.  I can truly say this has never happened even once.I have found Dr. Perozek to be extremely competent and knowledgeable, not an alarmist or money-grubber, and I never have to wait long to be seen.  He employs a competent support staff who do some of the initial procedures, but always is there for the final tests and evaluation. I always get a thorough exam. I have some on-going eye problems, so I've been seeing him twice a year.  He has made referrals, but is not pushy about them.  He presents pros and cons then leaves the decision-making to me.Another bonus is that I don't have to wait long to get an appointment, nor do I get to complete a round of Words With Friends before I'm called in for my visit!
5	My second year with Dr. Perozek and I am still very satisfied with the services.  My appointment was late afternoon, and when I arrived, the waiting area was crowded.  I thought it may be a while, but it was just a 15 minute wait.  My exam went well, I was given a new prescription and told my eye health remains good.  I didn't feel pressured to purchase from their selection of frames, but being curious did look things over.  I noticed right away designer names like Prada, and the prices that one would expect with them. The staff is friendly and very attentive to detail, and I would recommend Dr. Perozek to anyone needing a very qualified eye doctor.
4	I like this place and plan to go back next year. But this is a sincere review, meant to be useful, and there was one thing that really bothered me (it's explained at the end).Yes, the office is swanky, especially the optical shop, as a prior reviewer noted. But don't let this put you off.  And yes, there's a bit of a "sell". It's not aggressive, but it was strange that I would be encouraged to look at frames before my exam was over (while my eyes were dilating). I declined, saying I'd wait for the results of the exam and was not pressured at all. The optical shop is beautiful and the optician is very friendly. If you're ordering contact lenses, the price is about what it is everywhere else. A little strange to see cosmetic services offered, but it did get me thinking that If I ever do get my eyebrows "done" it will be there.The actual exam was fine - and quick! The person who checked my correction and tested for glaucoma before the Dr. came in was very efficient. I would have said the whole thing was rushed, but that's only in contrast to the exam process at UC Berkeley's Meredith Morgan Eye Center, where I've been a patient for about 12 years and which is a teaching facility, so I'm used to being examined first and very very very cautiously by a 4th year Optom student and then having the supervising physician come in to check the student's work. Dr. Perozek himself is efficient, competent and thorough. Right away he noticed something out of the ordinary and at the end of my appointment, he referred me to an endocrinologist to have my thyroid checked. At first I thought he did so based on my chubbiness, and was ready to explain that I really just eat too damn much, but then remembered someone in the past saying that big, um, protruding eyes can be a sign of a thyroid condition. I mean, I'm not Marty Feldman or anything, but the man's got a point. I should check it, if only to rule out problems. My appointment's later today. Trying not to think about it...Back to the actual review:Overall, good experience. Kudos to Dr. Perozek for having a "good eye" re: my "Betty Davis eyes" and being stern in his encouragement to use eye drops to supplement my substandard tear production. He didn't over-explain things to me. Very professional.So why not 5 stars? Well, because I'm sad about something. At the end of the exam, when I went over to the sink to put my contact lenses back in, I saw the green intake questionnaire I'd filled out at the beginning of my appointment - in the trashcan! I can understand that a physician may not refer to it during an appointment (or even read it at all), but why have us fill them out only to discard them? And more importantly - why not shred it!? This is a question of confidentiality as well!! The questions were good ones and  addressing even one of them with a patient on his or her first visit would be a good way to build rapport (and clientele). I recommend either putting the questionnaires to use (someone spent a lot of time creating them!), eliminating them altogether or shredding them at the end of the day, after those sensitive soul patients have left :)
5	Dr. Perozek and his staff go above and beyond. I was first brought to his office straight from surgery next door at Summerlin hospital. I was still in my hospital gown, unable to see after unwillingly scratching my corneas while waking up from surgery. I was a hot mess when I was wheeled into his office. I could not see and I was vomiting. Dr. Perozek saw me immediately and tabbed my mouth with a tissue as I was throwing up in his trash can. Who does that? I was so helpless and found it a kind gesture. He also personally called the pharmacy for me. Again, who does that?!Without his help, I may have had to have my corneas replaced. He also knew a lot about other medical conditions which happily surprised me.I can't say enough about this dr and his team. And ladies, not to at all undermind his knowledge, professionalism or bed side manner but he's also acutie! Your welcome.
1	This Dr. was part of our insurance plan. Exam was supposed to be free. He charged 35.00 diagnosing dry eyes. We live in a desert so this is very common. He,also,charged our medical ins. for the same thing. This seems like fraud.exam done by asst very cursory. Would not recommend.
1	Watch their billing department ! They will try to double bill your insurance and then send you to collections after they have already been paid. They claim it's not their fault, but they don't know how to correct it ! Go somewhere else !
5	I have seen Dr. Perozek for 4 years now.   I must say he  is the best doctor in Vegas.   He is so logical that my husband and I always say he explains things so well that we wish he could take care of all our problems and not just our eyes.   He would be a great PCP! He is effectively efficient, no wasted words.The office is very clean and hip.  I like that the environment is so relaxing.  I like the music,  always something cool.   I would like to just hang out there and lounge. The staff tells you everything when you check in.   There are no mysteries as to the fees.  Luckily,  they take my vision insurance and my medical insurance so they billed my medical insurance the medical part and then they billed the vision insurance the glasses prescription part.   Made it so easy for me.   They all seem like they like their job and seem like happy workers talking to me and other patients like friends. He took care of my irritated eyes and after he did a perfect cataract surgery on my husband,  my husband got new glasses at See Right Now with Dr. PEROZEK and he looks so good.   Best glasses selection we've ever seen.
5	This my eye doctor! I've seen him annually now for a few years, refered by my primary doctor. The office is convientant and close enough to my house, so when they put the drops in to dilate, I don't have that far to drive home, although I get a complinary disposable shades to slip in my glasses to help protect my eyes on the drive home. From the reminder postcard they send me to tell me it's time to set up my appointment, to the office staff, everyone is really friendly and helpful. Today, my appointment was quick, I walked in, signed in sat down and was called back right away, after the eye exam for my prescription, I got eye pressure checked and then dilation. I sat back down in the waiting area, cracked open my book to start reading and didn't get far before I was called back in for the doctor to do the vascular exam! Everything was good.  I come back in a year, so from start to finish, I was there a total of 25 minutes! Great job everyone!If you want to fill your prescription they have a great selection of frames, including all the popular designers, even sunglasses. So you can get it all here in one stop. Good staff, great timing, coutesous and quick. Doctor is great with the  encouragement keeping my eyes healthy.
5	I went to see Dr. Perozek about 4 years ago, and have gone there ever since. He did an amazing job on working with my eyes. His office was comforting and I had no problems at all. Dr. Perozek is a phenomenal doctor and I  was completely satisfied!
5	Eye Dr in town it's very best ...Dr Timothy and his team .....complete with prescription glasses n all kind of sunglasses to choose from :)
5	Great doctor and great person!
1	If I was going blind and this was the only place that could help, I would say, "Seeing is overrated."I am surprised this doctor can wear glasses, because he doesn't use his ears. Well that maybe the only thing they are good for is to hold up his glasses because he doesn't use them to listen to his patients.
