1	Just moved to the area so we ordered online delivery which is delivered from this location.  We ordered a stuffed crusted supreme, breadstix w/marinara, 2 liter soda and according to the website u get a 2 liter pepsi max free. Delivered order earlier than expected which is good and it usually is BUT missing soda. You gotta have soda with your pizza.  I dont care that they didnt have the free soda but they should have called me that they coudnt complete my order.  Was disappointed!  I love pizza hut but NOT delivery from this locaton.
1	Absolutely disgusting! I had ordered a large pizza with several toppings on it, which the counter person gladly took my order. I get my pizza, I'm super hungry by now, only to find my pizza inedible... I called Pizza Hut and asked to speak with a manager, a young lady comes on the phone and proceeds to tell me that, " We made your pizza with the requested toppings, and it came out horrible because of how many toppings I ordered". I replied, " Why wouldn't someone acknowledge that the pizza was going to come out terrible, as opposed to following through with the order"? The lady was quite rude about the situation and offered no recovery. I love Pizza Hut and ordered this particular pizza several times, among other pizzas a few times every month. It's unfortunate that they lost a loyal customer for years, and I will never order from any Pizza Hut ever again! I'm not stoked about this!!!
1	Every time I grab a pizza from this location (because it is so close to my home), the service is very poor.  The last time I ordered here one manager lady was eating and must have been on a break, and only one other girl was making the food and cashiering.  It took five minutes after being seen for me to be talked to.  I ordered wings and barely any mild sauce covered them. When I asked the girl to put more on, she rolled her eyes and went in the back. This was right after she handled my money! No hand washing occured.  Today I went in to get a pizza and the same girl was handling money and going to the back to make food. Time to call the health dept...
2	Stop with your secret society password deals!!Last few weeks Pizza Hut has a carryout deal called the Hut Lovers deal.Which is a large two topping pizza for $7.99 carry out only.The caveat is that you have to specifically say "Hut Lovers deal" in order to get that specific deal.If you walk in and say "what carry out specials do you have?"They will deny that they have any deals.So yet again, after the Hut Lovers expired, they have a new deal called the "Great Big Deal"I went in asking if they had any carryout deals.Was specifically told "we don't have any"But if you order using their app, the app will automatically tell you of the Great Big Deal.So if you're coming in off the street or home from work and want a cheap carryout special make sure you utter their secret society password "Great Big Deal"Seriously Pizza Hut?How about next time before I pay for my pizza, you have to utter my secret password.
4	I've been coming to this place for 3 years and I've had good customer service so far. I've ordered a few minutes before closing and they've accommodated me.
4	I've never had a bad experience here.delivery, pickup, whatever, the food always turns out good, for me.Yesterday they were my saving grace, when Papa John's let me down SEVERELY.Pizza Hut quoted me an hour-ish wait time (which is fine when I know about it, not when i'm promised 30-40 minutes and it ends up being over an hour like PJ's was)...and they were there at my house with my piping hot, delicous pizza in about 25 minutes.LOVE.
4	I've ordered pizza for carryout a couple times here since I moved here. Haven't had any problems with service or the food.A couple weeks ago when some friends were visiting from out of town. We wanted to find something fast at night to eat and we could take back to the hotel. We decided to order online via a friend's phone on our way out after watching MNF on the strip.So, while we were picking up the pizza. One of my friends had to use the bathroom really, really badly and we couldn't find anything open in that strip mall(it was near closing). Even though he didn't have to, the manager was nice enough to let her use their employee bathroom so she wouldn't have to pee right in their lobby.
1	The worst Pizza Hut we have ever been to, with the worst service. I came in to order a pizza and the person didn't seem to understand the order but said it will be ready in a little bit. I LITERALLY waited about half an hour for the pizza to be ready before they came out with the completely wrong order giving me a completely different pizza. It turns out that the person didn't even take the order right. They didn't really seem to care and made me order all over again even attempting to charge me again. After I re-ordered, again I waited about another half an hour with a different employee coming to ask us what pizza we ordered again and again. Throughout the almost 30 minutes we waited for our re-ordered pizza, all we saw were employees in the back playing around and not giving a care that they got our order wrong and made us wait so long. There was literally nobody in front checking up on us while we waited for our re-ordered pizza and instead kept asking us which one we ordered. They didn't even apologize for getting our order wrong or making us wait almost an hour at ALL throughout the whole time. A very poorly run Pizza Hut with absolute horrible service.
5	If it were not for Nancy & Ritchie, this location would have received 1 Star. Jeff needs to be fired immediately. My son had placed an online order set to be delivered @ 3:21. At 4:10, I called the location & questioned where our order was. Jeff was a complete jerk. He told me that the driver attempted to deliver our order & an elderly couple answered & that the driver had waited for 20 minutes. If this did in fact happen (I am thinking Jeff is also a liar) the driver went to the WRONG door, why in the hell did you have your driver sit and wait for 20 minutes! I called Jeff out on it because nothing pisses me off more than to be lied to. He told me this was basically my fault for not giving the correct address & the order had been canceled. I will say, by this time my blood was boiling. A very nice lady got on the phone. Nancy apologized & between her & Ritchie, thank you both for going way above and beyond to make things right.
1	I don't even want to give this place one star! Ordered a pizza for delivery and they messed up my order for take out, so I said I will wait for fresh pizza and actually said I would wait however long it took l. for the fresh pizza. they show up a half an hour later with a crusty old pizza charge me full price. Way beyond disappointed with this franchise and their service!!!!!!!
1	I have ordered from this place two times, and both times my order was wrong.  How does a pizza place screw up a two topping pizza? Not only was it wrong, it was cold and tasted so bad that the teenage neighbor boys wouldn't even eat it.  Yuck!
