5	I don't know about you but scoring legging for $5 is a steal. I was so happy to find these as they have been what I have been looking for for a while now. I was even able to purchase cute lil accessories for a mere $14.  The sales woman was very sweet, a filipino lady I believe. The fitting room girl was so much help as well.  I told her that I really did NOT want to try clothing on so I asked a few questions about them and their fit. They were reallt helpful. I was so appreciative. The store was packed full of discounted clothing and accessories, shoes too. The fitting room is really clean adn very neat. I had a nice time here. THey were even able to look me up in their system. Nice stuff!
4	Being that I am an ex-employee of the this location, I have to review itI have to say that for the items in the store, and at the price they are sold, you DEFINITELY get MORE than your money's worth in here!Seriously, dresses that sell for over $100 at the front line stores get marked down to HALF of their actual price! Best place to hit to find your prom, grad, evening event, or sometimes, wedding dress. Lots of good selection for career wear. The bags are always a hot item too! A lot of their clothing is inspired many times by other high-fashion designs.The prices are AMAZINGLY low for QUALITY clothing, and the girls there are extremely ready and willing to help! They will scour the entire sales floor for what you want, and if we don't have it, they will take your name and number down and see if they can find it for you at another outlet in their down time! They even have their own line of clothing exclusively for the outlet, which many times are old pieces that were favorites and have become staples for many!The sales are amazing! Sometimes dropping even an extra 40% off of your entire purchase ON TOP of the already wonderful prices! (Not sure when you'll be able to find that kind of deal again) Sidewalk sales are some of the best times to get the best items. Oh, and did I mention that you can also use your Black Book membership and coupons too? YES!As with most of the busier shopping locations, go early when the clothes are still in place, and you don't have to fight a crowd to get what you want! A great, and extremely affordable place to shop!
5	I love WHBM stores and this outlet was a great find for me. The staff here is very inviting & helpful. Melissa was awesome; super helpful & friendly! The selection was very good. In addition to the sale racks, they have various promotions. When I went, they had 30% off dresses & buy 1 get 1 50% off cardigans. You can't use the coupons they mail you here, but you can still use your 5% off Black Book member discount. If you get the VIP booklet from the info center, there is a deal for $20 off your purchase of $100 or more. Cute clothes and great service at an affordable price. I highly recommend the WHBM outlet!
5	I love this place.  I has been over a year since I have been to this location, but they remembered me. Staff is always eager to please and great at suggesting times that are flattering.  The clothes are cute and reasonably priced and there has been a sale at this location every time I visit. I wish there was an WHBM outlet closer to my house.
5	Love this place. They carry many of the same clothes as the regular store. You can get great deals on special sales days. Trying on clothes is a breeze because the sales people always offer lots of options. You can leave with an entire outfit for most occasions at a discounted price.
1	Very very disappointing WHBM. I expect more from you. Went to this store, and purchased the booklet for coupons, especially because there was a WHBM coupon in there. However, the store refused to honour it saying they won't honour the coupon on special discounted products. I felt cheated. What are you likely to find in an outlet if not discounted products? Must mention, that the collection was very poor compared to most of their other locations I've been to. Very, very disappointed WHBM. Between us, we shopped at at least 20 stores, and not one of them said they won't honour a coupon from the booklet, however steep the discounts were. Don't be part of the coupon sale if you are going to be weird about it. Not what I've come to expect from WHBM.
