5	I discovered this place a few months back while googling for gourmet popcorn in Vegas.  I was trying to get my Garrett's Chicago style popcorn fix locally and this place does the trick.  They have a few flavors, from sweet to spicy, which I have tried and they were all good.  But I am partial to the cheese and caramel mix.  They offer samples so you can try before you buy, and the owners, a husband and wife, are extremely friendly.  It's a good thing this place is across town from me because this stuff is highly addictive and it doesn't take me long to finish a bag
5	I love popcorn.  I consider myself an expert on popcorn.  I saw the storefront and had to check it out.  I'm glad I did.  Carlton, the owner, was really cool.  A very positive and upbeat person.  I got the cheddar and caramel with pecans.  AMAZING.Should have gotten the large!
5	Every summer as a child I would vacation on the sandy shores of Ocean City, MD with my family.  We'd eat tons of crab, soak in the sun, and at night hit the Boardwalk for amusements and snacks.  Without fail on our first night we'd stop at Fisher's Popcorn for a tub of their sweet & buttery, hot & fresh caramel corn.  Our initial purchase usually carried us through the week, and before we left we'd get a refill (at a discount by returning with our tub,) so we could savor the flavor on the car ride home.  But this review isn't about Fisher's, it's about Dyer's in Las Vegas.  But how?!My parents continue to vacation in Ocean City, and every summer they ship me a tub of Fisher's.  But this summer will be different, as I plan on turning down their generous annual gift and instead send them a bucket of Las Vegas' own - by way of Chicago - caramel corn from Dyer's Gourmet Popcorn.  Finally, a year-round fix dessert fix in the desert that captures all the popcorn goodness I fell in love with as a kid.An unassuming strip mall storefront along West Flamingo, you can almost see co-owner Carlton's friendly, helpful, beaming smile from just driving by.  The inside is small and clean, with the the top-sellers on full display - Caramel Pecan Delight, Cheddar Cheese, and the "don't knock it 'til you try it" Cheddar/Caramel mix that first captivated the owners back in Chicago the way Fisher's wowed me.  Add in their selection of more exotic flavors - like Cinnamon and White Chocolate - and there's surely something for everyone on the menu.  Proudly, Carlton will tell you, "our popcorn is real popcorn, our caramel is real caramel, our cheese is real cheese;" no artificial mumbo-jumbo in sight, just the good stuff.A few tips... they close at sunset on Friday's and re-open at sunset on Saturdays (for religious observance,) and are closed on Mondays.  Buy a refillable bucket for $3 and get over a gallon of popcorn at the reduced large price whenever you want, and trust me, you'll want it often.  It's definitely cheaper than a trip to Ocean City, MD!
5	Fast friendly service, clean store front. The kernels are large and they fill the bags generously.I am absolutely crazy about the Caramel Pecan Delight.
4	I got the jalepeno cheese and OMG it was soooooo good. I dont know what ele to say, it is some amazing ass popcorn.
5	Finally, awesome popcorn in Vegas. There's a little surprise at the end, so keep reading...I met Carlton at Sunflower Market, buying the white chocolate he melts into his white chocolate and white chocolate/peanut butter popcorn. Oh yeah. As mouthwatering as it sounds. He invites me to his shop to check out his other flavors. I show up the next day and he literally has me try every flavor and I was blown away! I had Popcorn Girl a few months ago, and this is way better. I'm just sayin. You try it for yourself and see...He has jalapeno. You can dial in the heat, depending on how spicy you like it. The Cheese/Carmel is SOOO good. By the way, he melts the cheese, too - no powder cheese here. Cinnamon? Yummmy. Then there's the combos - jalapeno/cheese. I even made one up - jalapeno/white chocolate. That was even good!  He gave me a tour of the kitchen, and it was immaculate. All the equipment was sparkling clean and tidy - and he showed me the ingredients that he uses. Popcorn. That's what he sells - just amazing popcorn. No 10-sizes of football team tins, no candy, no flowers, no baskets. Just 17+ flavors of popcorn. There was nothing that wasn't great about the popcorn or the whole experience about being there. He obviously loves what he does.The surprise? You're not going to get this anywhere else - get the Miguelito flavor. Pha-nomenal. I brought a bag into the movie theatre last night - all I could think was, "oh man, this is so amazing."That place - its all about fun. If you like popcorn, go there. Just go.
5	Family owned business, so you deal directly with the owners and they offer samples and some history on thier product. The kids loved it!! The popcorm is amazing especially the different combos you can make and the white chocolate peanut butter is amazing and the jalapeno is addicting, Carlton you out  did yourself on this one brother!! Congratulations and see you soon!!
4	We got a variety of bags of popcorn for a work party last year and everybody loved it...reminded me of the KarmelKorn shop we use to go to as kids.
4	Great tasting popcorn.  Been by there dozens of times and finally stopped in and tried them out.  A little expensive, but not that bad.
5	Yum!  My friend and I happen to be driving by this place when she was craving caramel popcorn and didn't want to purchase them from the grocery store because of the preservatives in them.  When I yelled out that I saw the place, she flipped a U-turn and went straight there.The popcorn is a little pricey, but its freshly popped every 12 hours and the taste is super worth it.  Be careful, their popcorn is addicting. We ended up getting a large bag of caramel pecan.  It was so good.  The owner offered us samples of the cheddar and caramel mix which was actually good too!  The owner is super nice.  He opened up the store with his wife who really loves Chicago Style popcorn as they are originally from there.We will definitely be back for more!
5	I have been going to Dyer's Gourmet Popcorn since the summer.  The owner, Carlton, is very friendly and will let you try whatever kind of popcorn you want.  Now, it IS expensive.  I got a medium white chocolate peanut butter..but it is AMAZING!  I am a fan of the popcorn that has the softer kind of coating..like the cheese too.  Some of the coatings are more hard and stiff..like the caramel and cinnamon.  The cheese and caramel mix is very good as well.   I like the shop because it has a home town feel,  is in a great location (Durango and Flamingo by the Blockbuster video) and always has the door open..ready for customers.  I highly reccommend for a special treat!
5	I didn't know popcorn could be so delicious. Seriously. I have fun hooking all unknowing friends on Dryer's popcorn. They also do out of town shipping and gift baskets.
5	Great popcorn... go c heck this place out.  A hidden gem in Las Vegas.  friendly helpful service and amazing popcorn. I like the carmel cheese mix.  Will try pecan delight the next time I go.
3	Came here order white Cheddar popcorn and caramel to take to the movies( it's cheaper then the movies popcorn-lol). The white cheddar was great-I killed the small bag that day. On the other hand, the caramel- i really wasn't feeling it. I was scared that by eating it, I was going to chip my tooth or something. So i trashed that- right away. It's best to stick with the soft kind.  They had other favors but I didn't try it. All -in- all since it close to my house, I will most likely come here again.Sn-they need some exotic favors like popcorn girl
2	I was so excited to hear about this place since they claim to make popcorn as good as Garrett's.  I LOVE popcorn from Chicago....cheese and carmel mixed together is my favorite.   I drove across town to try this and was disappointed because it doesn't even compare.  I'll stick to ordering online or wait until I'm in Chicago to get the real stuff.
5	Outstanding!!!!!! By far the very best popcorn I have ever had... Way better than anyplace in Vegas... Super fresh! Perfect amount of flavorings added.. The cheese & carmel blend "Chicago style" Is better than the popcorn in Chicago. If you haven't stopped by you must!!
5	BEST POPCORN i've ever had!! Yeah someone said that it's just the right amount of flavoring...yummy and delicious. Move over Garrett's, i was in line for 45 mins and was disappointed, just a regular popcorn. With Dyers, i'll get in line even for an hour!!! Thanks Carl for letting us in, even if you're close Monday, we didnt know :)  We'll be back, congratulations to you and your wife, great idea!!!  Maria & Mel
5	Very good popcorn nice light and fluffy with a lil crisp to it just the way i like it! Got the jalapeno this time, it has a really nice flavor to it. I cant wait to come back and try more next time in vegas!
5	Primarily Palette Pleasing Popcorn!But that's not all you get!  Every time you go in there you're greeted with a smile (and that amazing popcorn smell).  The folks who work in there are obviously in love with their business because they are always in a great mood.  It's uplifting to your spirit - and your palette!
5	Sometimes simple is better. Popcorn girl is delicious and all, but this stuff is the SHIZNIT! Everything here is fresh, the popcorn has great texture, and the flavor punch is 100%. LOVE the cheese and white cheddar cheese. My friend Ame loves that the Jalepeno is actually spicy over Popcorn Girl's Southwest Jalepeno. We sampled the caramel and cheese as well. The caramel has a thicker coating here and is much more flavorful. I know other reviewers said it was harder, but I do prefer this crunchier texture. Also, the service here is amazing. One of the owners (the wife), although recovering from an accident and not in the most comforting state, greeted us and welcomed us warmly. She was genuinely proud of her store, and that made a huge difference for us. It doesn't have the same old school candy store vibe as Popcorn Girl, but overall this place is the winner to me.
5	Okay, I have to admit I am addicted.  I travel to Chicago 3-4 times a week and I know this is far better than Garretts!  The family wanted to make a comparison.  I brought a small bag of Garretts home of the caramel cheddar mix.  They were unimpressed.We are back to our every Friday Jumbo tub!  It is like crack.  You can't stop eating it until it is gone.  Even when you are full the siren song of the sweet and salty calls you.
4	I went to gourmet for my moms b day to surprise her ! I was making a dinner for my moms b day and I thought it would be cool to get some gourmet popcorn in as apps. Everyone loved it !! the banana and the chilli flavored popcorn is a must !! The white chocolate is my favorite ! Glad you are in las vegas !!
4	It seems that Dyers has recently closed.  A number of shops popping up around town so that may have been a factor.   Garretts is coming to town soon as well.
5	LOVE Dyer's and go there whenever I'm in the area for a fix of the caramel and cheese mix. But Carlton keeps adding other flavors so now I'm going to have to branch out...it's good I bought the jumbo container to refill...
