4	Stopped here by accident last year on my way to pumpkin picking at Gilcrease Orchard. We saw the sign out front advertising a pumpkin patch... so naturally, we had to stop. The Farm is not really so much a farm, but more just a house with the yard converted into a veggie stand and something reminiscent of a farm. The backyard (which guests can see, but not go in) has goats, a giant pig, and chickens. Chickens and barn cats walk around freely with the guests, and there are cages throughout housing rabbits and baby birds. I was beyond excited when we came in last October. Growing up in Pittsburgh, I loved the fall and everything that came with it. This place had pumpkins and squash galore and dried corn stalks like we used to put out for Halloween when I was little!  Who knew something as silly as a corn stalk would make me so happy? We ended up spending a ton of time here looking at the animals and picking out the perfect pumpkin to carve. We came back a few more times last fall, and just recently again this weekend while stopping at Gilcrease. Right now they have the best tomatoes and some summer squashes. I'm guessing in the next couple weeks they'll start to get their fall squashes (they carry dozens of varieties, some I had never heard of until I stopped last year). Did I mention that there's baby chickens running around right now? Well, there are. Besides produce, they also sell local honey, homemade jellies and pickles, and eggs straight from the chickens running around at your feet. I just bought some eggs yesterday but have yet to try one. I believe they have farm land in Utah, which is where they get their produce. I'm not 100% positive though, so don't take my word on it. You should definitely make a stop here sometime and check this place out. Don't get too excited...again, it's just a house and a yard so don't be expecting tons of produce or a giant red barn with cows and horses. It's a sweet little place with very kind owners. With all the animals, kids eat this place up....make sure you bring them!
4	We love The Farm!My baby and I have been visiting since she was tiny. We often see baby birds and kittens, rabbits, pigs, and a koi fish pond. There is a turtle, pony, goats, peacocks, quail, ducks and a wide variety of sassy chickens. My older kids love the local honey that Farmer Sharon loving cultivates, along with jellies, chutneys and breads. The in-season produce is brought in from Utah. Farmer Glenn will generously share a bit of his time (if he has a spare moment) and talk for a "spell". I'm told that culinary types visit in search of the variety of fresh eggs: chicken, quail, duck, etc. The fall season is especially nice at The Farm with their pumpkin patch and other harvest attractions like pony rides and an awesome haystack maze in the pasture (a small one for children and a large one for older kids). Don't miss the outdoor barbecue either. Many of their animals are rescues - like the rabbits - which don't produce eggs or anything except squeals of delight from the kids. If you enjoy the animals and appreciate the humane husbandry of this family run time capsule, you can include a gift to help with animal feed and care. Go and visit The Farm - it is a deliciously fresh taste of rural America so unexpectedly close to the city of neon lights.
5	There is no doubt that this is my absolute favorite place in Las Vegas. I brought some of my foster kids here a couple days ago and it really seemed to cure their depression. They really enjoyed playing with the Dairy Cow, and picking up the hens. The moment I got out of my car I was greeted by a variety of different colored kittens and two adult cats. One cat in particular, took a liking to me and tried to follow me home.  When I opened my car door, she hopped in and wouldn't get out.  The cats, bunnies and chickens all live together in harmony. I have never seen anything like this. One of the nicest things I saw was a cat taking care of a baby chick who wandered away from it's mom. She carried the baby chick back to her mom. Mom hen wasn't very thankful, but I don't think the cat minded.They actually have a Flemish Giant here that weights over 20lbs and is bigger than most dogs. And, it loves attention! This is the only place in Clark County where you can buy fresh duck eggs. You can buy duck eggs at the Filipino Markets, but those have those fetuses inside them. If you want a fresh duck egg with no dead baby in it, come over here instead.  For those of you who don't know, the duck egg is a far superior baking egg. You can also buy organic chicken eggs here. They are the brown variety, and they taste really great.  Remember that organic eggs don't have steroids in them like store eggs. The chicken who laid them eats only all-natural feed, and she lays the eggs on her own time instead of being forced. Therefore, the egg itself is larger and tastes much different. These eggs are also fertile, so if you want a pet chick you can actually hatch them. The White peafowl is a very rare species of Peafowl and many people believe that it is good luck when you have the rare privilege to see one.  Unfortunately, there were like over 100 of them here and I don't feel any luckier.  The White Peahen recently laid a ton of eggs, so we might be seeing baby white peafowls soon. In the last few weeks, I've learned that cows actually have facial recognition. I brought some food for the two dairy cows a few weeks ago, and since then they have remembered me each time. Every time they see me now, they get extremely excited. These cows love being massaged and they are very gentle. But, don't wear expensive clothing because they will lick you all over. And a cow's tongue feels like sandpaper. I also had no idea that cows only had teeth on the bottom of their jaws until today when Hazel the dairy cow inhaled my whole arm when I was feeding her. http://youtu.be/1d__kK7lw7AIf you like seeing kittens, baby rabbits, baby tortoises, and baby chickens all playing together in peace, you might really like this place.  But, just to let you know... this place does not have slot machines and black jack.  Please don't forget to leave a donation. This place does not charge an admission fee, and the farmer spends over $3000 a week on feed for the animals. The decent thing to do is leave at least something even if it's small. Last time I was here I saw this douche bag husband and wife come in here, take a million pictures, chase and scare the animals, and leave without buying anything or leaving a donation.  I know most NW Vegas locals are broke from their gambling addictions, but that's taking it too far.  You don't have to have young children to come here.  I'm a guy in my mid 20s, and most my foster kids are preteens, but the workers here are always  happy to see us.  Important piece of information: This place is only open on the weekends. I wish I could give this place 100 stars.
5	A nice refuge so out of place from Vegas, so many different exotic animals (for us ), beautiful peacocks, huge pigs, turkeys, the friendliest cutest cats ever, a huge turtle and more. The honey they have there is amazing! It tastes sweeter than anything in the store and really helps if you live in Vegas and struggle with allergies. The fresh eggs are delicious, it is really nice to get these things locally and see the chickens who laid those eggs, and other fowl running around free on the farm! It's a very charming place that reminds me of the Midwest, a nice little break from Vegas.
4	Got lost going to Gilcrease farm and ending up see a sign for "The Farm". Our curiosity got the best of us and we just had to check it out. If you like quirky, your in for a treat! With a $1 donation at the entrance, you begin to see a plethora of old stuff... including a big old bus like the Partridge family toured in. We saw a peacock in full fan and  a Flemish rabbit... about the size of a medium dog! Ended up buying their fresh eggs... and you kn w they are fresh as the chickens and roosters just roam the area. Got some sweet potatoes as well. A great place to stop with kids... not an all day affair, but simple, good, clean fun!
3	Not sure what the actual reason is for this place. Brought the 4 year old so she could see some random animals. They sell fresh eggs along with some of the seasonal items. They are only open Saturday/Sunday. Think the only reason we'd be back is for eggs, honey, or jam. $1 per person entrance fee.
4	The Farm is an EXCELLENT place to spend a beautiful afternoon.It is a Zoo + 4H Fair + Farmers Market + Nature Trail + Animal Rescue.There are plenty of signs near the intersection, so you cannot miss it.When we arrived, a wonderful young lady of 8 or 10 years old greeted us to ask if we had been there before. She proceeded to give us directions, details and prices. She provided better, more personalized service than you'd receive at your average store or restaurant in town.She asked for a $1 donation for the animals.I soon realized that this was a modest request. I would have "donated" $5 for what we saw or $10 if all the "attractions" were operational, and had kids to put on the rides. There are horses, cows, goats, llamas, rabbits, cats, chickens and more Peacocks than I have ever seen in one place. The cats in particular were great. They are used to being around large animals and people and are VERY friendly. There is a section of rescued animals; some with obvious mutilations and illnesses. I would suggest explaining this to children before entering this section. The animals are VERY well taken care of, but were mistreated by a former owner. There are signs explains that, but excited kids may run right past them.On the market side, the selection is very good, including a variety of eggs, preserves, chutney, fruits, veggies, and juices. And best of all, LOCAL HONEY!! The prices are perfect, marked just right for the quality and exclusivity of what you are looking at.Both "employees" we spoke with, the young girl and an older gentleman, were helpful and informative. They refused to rent me a goat to tend my yard, but I cannot hold that against them.The Farm is small. Don't expect the San Diego Zoo & Safari. It's more like a small barn yard with fun, people friendly animals.Be sure to wash your hands when you leave!!
1	$5.50 for a dozen large very ordinary eggs = ripoff. $1.00 "donation" needs to reworded as a fee.  Quite unimpressive unfortunately.
3	IDK what kind of farm this is but it sure isn't like anyone that I've been to and I grew up in Alabama. I was VERY EXCITED when I found some place here in Vegas that sold farm eggs. The next day after we bought the eggs which for a dozen was $5.50 I don't mind paying that for amazing eggs! What I don't like is that the eggs weren't fresh, I felt super effing ripped off! I'm on the fence wether or not i will return. I hope that if I do they are of better quality.
5	Stopped by again after picking veges at Gilcrease to pick up some fresh eggs and was fortunate enough to meet the owner, Sharon Linsenbardt. What a wonderful person, with so much heart! She spent time showing us around and introducing us to the animals, which by the way are all rescue. Her history is impressive, along with her knowledge about the flora and fauna of the area.  Donations are $1 per person, which is nominal considering how much work it takes. The farm continues to remain charming to me, and now even more so!
4	What a cool place to visit with (or without) kids. We drove by The Farm and hubby and I stopped in because I knew they sold eggs here. We were not expecting to have an experience. This place is incredibility eclectic and inviting. If you are drawn to the hippie esthetic, come by with your camera and snap a few pics. There are chickens meandering around the property and little ones can interact with the animals on site. There is no strict organization to The Farm. And I love that. Yes, there are different areas to walk through, but it feels like the [lace has grown in the decades it has been in the location. Each area feels like its own special space. 1) There is the chicken coop area where chickens and bunnies are housed2) There is the general caged area where goats and peacocks and roosters and a myriad of other animals are housed3) And there is the large animal viewing area where the horses, emus, hogs, and more are housedPlus there is a large shaded seating area for those of us with weary bones. They also sell fresh eggs, apple cider, vegetables, and baked goods. This place is so laid back and easy. It just doesn't feel like Vegas to me. The best part of the visit was seeing the large Peacock, Mr. Something (I forgot this gal's name). We listened as the owner was feeding the hog and sharing some of the peacock's history with a group of children. This peacock was raised by a little girl an is comfortable being close to people. The little ones were beside themselves with glee at getting a chance to see (and feed) the beautiful bird. Bring $40 for snacks and such and make sure you have two hours to kill. This is not a place to rush. With an honor system $1 entry fee, there are not many places in town where you can see so much for so little.
4	Another place I definitely recommend going. They have been around for about 50 yrs or so. Tthey always have a lot of fresh veggies for sale that they get from the Gilcrease Orchard right across the street. The owners are really great people as well. Lots of differsent animals to see and feed. During Halloween and Christmas they offer hay rides and have a Haymaze for the public to go through.
5	I think this place is absolutely adorable.  It makes me feel like I'm visiting a cute little town in farm county.  But, nope- it's in Las Vegas, Sin City.Admission is only $1 per person, but well worth it.  They also accept donations since many of the animals are rescued and have been given a second chance at life. There are so many different animals living here in harmony: chickens, roosters, ducks, bunnies, goats, pigs, cows, horses, llamas, and more  A beautiful white peacock was even strutting around amongst the visitors.  The Farm isn't that big- but it is perfectly quaint. If you don't want to pick your own produce at Gilcrease Orchards, they also sell locally grown produce, fruits and veggies, chicken and duck eggs, local honey, and baked goods.  And it is all under the shade! An important feature especially during the cruel Vegas summers.  There is plenty of shade here and plenty of places to sit.  The people that I have met here (workers and visitors) have been so sweet and I truly felt like I was in a small town in the midwest. On our last visit, my husband and I were able to play a game of jenga (just saw the game on one of the many tables) while the kiddos played and explored.  I love it here.  No doubt I will be back again and again.  May have to make it at least every other week to replenish my egg supply.  There is nothing like fresh eggs in the morning!*Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 56/100*
1	Run Down, dirty, I would not consider the food safe, take my kids to ORGANIC EDIBLES, to get my eggs, or Gilcrest., or even Floyed Lamb park,.... not at The Farm.. sad because it could be more...
3	This farm is a cute morning or afternoon trip with a toddler. They have pigs, a goat, cows horses, ducks, bunnies, a pony and some other animals. It's a little cluttered for my liking but my kiddo enjoys the animals.
4	We stumbled upon this place by total accident.. We were en-route to the Gilcrease Orchard but my boyfriend decided that Google Maps was wrong and he was right.. Turned out it was the other way around.. LOL but I'm glad his alpha maleness came out and made a mistake. We parked out to the side of the dirt road and walked to the entrance.. It is $2 for adults and $1 for kids (all proceeds go to the care/feeding of the animals) Going in we totally thought that it was the Gilcrease Orchard and were thinking WTF where are the actual orchards??? LOL but it wasn't until we asked someone that we found out that we were at the LV Farm... I think they are actually competitors because the guy was not so willing to tell us how to get to G.O. and mentioned they have a lot of stuff that we won't find over there LOL. The LV Farm is really cute.. They have lots of different livestock (cows, goat, chickens, peacock, horse, pony, donkey, turtles, fish, tortoises.. to name a few) and produce that have already been picked and are ready to sell.. They also have different activities for kids such as face painting, tractor rides, pony rides, bunny adoptions, you can even purchase some feed and feed the animals. They have many goodies on sale like homemade honey, fruit compotes, farm fresh eggs (they were sold-out :[ .) They even have a little snack-bar where they were serving BBQ ribs, hot dogs & salted pumpkin chips. The ribs were going to take another hour to finish so we passed. Jo was really hungry & so he got a hot dog ($3) and we got a bag of salted pumpkin chips ($3.50 made to order) to share, we never even knew such a thing existed.. They were pretty oily and we couldn't finish the bag but they were darn good... kinda tasted like a milder sweet potato chip..  Great place to take the family~ HOT TIP: Check out the rules.. No tantrums kiddos!!!! & they sell Giilcrease Orchard cider here!
2	Just moved back to Las Vegas after living in a rural area near a lot of farms.We also got very used to farm fresh eggs versus the ones you can buy in the store, so upon learning that "The Farm" sells eggs led to an early Saturday morning trip.We were greeted by someone at the gate collecting a $2.00 per person admission charge.  I very politely advised her that I had no intention of paying $4 for the privilege of then shopping at their farm stand.This same person then needed to find out if our dog was allowed into the "store", however after a very brief discussion it was agreed that a leashed dog was allowed into an area full of chickens, cows, pigs and other farm animals.Walked around the shop which is somewhere between kitschy and cluttered before finding the eggs, which were selling for $5 per dozen.  Despite the price, we decided to buy two dozen eggs and then browsed the remainder of the farm stand.Everything we found was overpriced and not up to the quality we expect from a farm stand / farmers market.Ended up leaving with only the eggs and some honey.  Over the next few weeks, we have found the eggs to be full of blood spots, which indicate that the hens are older and well past their egg laying prime.  While edible, it is not what we expect from "farm fresh eggs", especially for the price.We have found better eggs on craigslist, and for far less money.Will never return to "The Farm" to buy anything.  If you have small kids and want a sanitized and commercial farm experience for them - it may be worth a trip.  Otherwise, just take a trip to to real farm land - it isn't that far from here.
5	BARN BUDDIES RESCUE is a nonprofit organization that advocates for the humane treatment of animals. This organization rescues thousands of unwanted and neglected animals every year. They use their own money to feed, vaccinate, and shelter everything from large barn mammals, to household pets. This is a giant facility, but the smaller area which is accessible to the public is named THE FARM. Not only does the farm create a sanctuary for animals in need, but the owners use this facility to help children with autism, intellectual developmental issues, and even foster kids. Every kid I have brought here has loved it so much that they wanted to volunteer. Remember that the eggs sold here are organic. These farm eggs are always going to be more expensive than supermarket eggs. When I lived in San Diego county, chicken farming was once one of the biggest industries in the areas surrounding Julian Mountain. I remember driving two hours to get 12 eggs for like $6.00. It is a  standard price for such high quality fertile eggs. Also remember that they have Duck Eggs here and they are the only place in Clark County where you can purchase them. Duck Eggs are a southern tradition in baking. If used in cakes it will produce a much superior product. Like I mentioned this sanctuary provides compassion and welfare to every animal without discrimination. They have rescued large farm animals such as Hazel and Mabel(the two dairy cows), and Violet(the pot belly pig). They have also rescued smaller animals such as cats, birds, goats, rabbits, and even a toad! Earlier today a lady brought brought her beloved pet chickens because her home owners association attempted to foreclose her house if she didn't get rid of them. Many of the burros and horses are also adopted animals who were victims of abuse and neglect, or forced eviction from HOAs. Can an individual honestly feel that they possess the entitlement or position to criticize a nonprofit organization in which the owners spend their own hard earned money(from their day jobs) to protect the welfare of animals in need? Sorry that they don't have blackjack and video poker here? Sorry that they don't have Taiwanese snow cream here? But, when I sit here with my foster kids, I frequently see people complain about the $1.00 entry fee. Are people here in Vegas really that broke? Or is it that you all want everything to be free and subsidized by the government? Are all people in NW Vegas really like this? http://youtu.be/NzspsovNvII?t=1m4sI want to conclude this review by thanking the two owners for helping my foster kids on so many occasions. Your compassion to our community is a much valued resource to those in need, and I have seen a world of difference in these children since they started coming to your farm.
2	I have heard lots of great things about The Farm. I had checked out their website (that needs a serious update) to see what I should expect when we get there. I finally got the chance to go and bring my 5yo daughter along. I wasn't expecting a "real" farm, being that it is located in the middle of the desert. Upon arrival, my first thought was that it looked much smaller than I expected. There is a small fee ($2 for adults and $1 for children, but didn't specify age) which was not mentioned anywhere on their website. Being a small fee, I paid it because I drove all the way out here (from Henderson).THE PRODUCE stand was A LOT smaller than I expected. We were there in mid-November and the weather was still on the 70's so I expected much more produce. The fruits and vegetables looked fresh enough but were very overpriced as I paid $4 for 2 apples and 2 tomatoes. I also purchased 3 tiny pumpkins, they were no bigger than the palm of my hand (that my daughter begged for) and cost me $6 for all 3. I had really wanted to buy some local honey (because of the benefits for allergies) but the small jar (about 8oz) was $10 and the bigger jar (about 18oz) was $20!!! No way I was paying that much for honey, local or otherwise! THE ANIMALS were fun to look at. I commend Sharon and her "crew" for taking in the strays, abandoned, etc. They have a lot of cats, chickens and rabbits roaming around. If you are allergic to those animals I would advise against visiting The Farm. The back area had a pretty good size fenced in area with two cows, some Shetland Ponies, a Llama, and a pot-belly pig. They have Peacocks and all kinds of hens, roosters,etc. roaming around. We saw a little tractor-train type ride, though it was not running and they also has a Hay-Maze. I'm sure the place was very fun and lively during their Harvest Festival. They had lots of volunteers working around the farm, which was nice to see and everyone seemed friendly.BEST THING at The Farm was the Pumpkin Chips. They are made to order and so yummy!!! $3.50 for a small bag. They are prepared in peanut oil so those with allergies will want to pass on these. All in all it was a fun experience, especially for the kids. My daughter really enjoyed looking at all the animals. I gave it only 2 stars because there was no mention on their website of an entry fee and I think their prices are on the high end. I have found produce just as fresh at our Farmers Market for much less.COST: I spent a total of $16.50 and got three mini-pumpkins, two tomatoes, 2 apples, one bag of pumpkin chips and paid entry for one adult and one child to The Farm. I will probably return to The Farm during their Fall Harvest Festival, just to check out the animals and activities. As far as purchasing produce, I'll go to my local Farmer's Market or Gilcrease Orchard.
5	Why is this place such a secret? Please, if you have small children, bring them here! Such a friendly, at home, learning atmosphere. Don't be afraid of the free roaming animals, enjoy them! My toddler could have spent all day here oohing & ahhing at them, but alas- we had to leave. This place will become at least a weekly visit for us. I love & support what they do, not to mention, it's a nice outing for my little guy.
5	Wow! Fresh eggs, local honey, peacocks, chickens, EVERYTHING FARM$ support this place! Donations on entry. Asparagus two bucks. Petting animals! Rescue shelter! This is a  working farm in the northwest part of the city, off Rainbow and Grand Teton, run by an older couple and a large group of volunteers (who still need more volunteers!). This is a rare gem. Farm-fresh produce and local honey. Take your kids but keep them on a short leash or you'll be sorry. This is a wonderful experience best had over several weekends. Look them up on other social media sites.
4	Let's keep things in perspective. Shall we? If you are coming from the midwest or the East coast like me, you know what a farm typically looks like. With a certain expectation and a priori knowledge, you may have a definitive picture of what you consider "a farm." But this place, "The Farm," it is a place located in an arid desert. One cannot expect it to closely resemble a typical farm in other more fertile places. So keeping that in mind, this place is a lot bigger than it looks. The man at the cash register told me it's a 5-acre farm but most of it is hidden away from public view. If you are just coming here to buy produce, there is no fee. Otherwise, it'll cost you $2 to enter. They have various animals, both in cages and in free roam and these animals were rescued and adopted. Hence, like me, if you see a strange looking quail pacing back and forth in its cage, don't attempt to set it free (like what I tried to do last Saturday). There may be something wrong with it so it needs to be caged. They sell fresh eggs, local honey and various produce items. I thought the eggs and honey were really expensive so I didn't buy any. Instead, I bought two pounds of purple potatoes. The older gentleman at the cash register gave it to me for only $1.00! I don't know why but thank you, good sir. You are very kind.If you're visiting Gilcrease orchard for some leafy veggies, don't forget to stop by the farm for things like potatoes and honey!
5	This is a great local gem. They rescue animals that other people can no longer take care of. They have cows, horses, a pig, tons of chickens, tortoises, goats and tons of peacocks. There are some really sweet cats roaming around. Also, they have a bunch of rabbits, including giant ones. It's a really cool place to spend some time. They also sell local honey and have produce from a local vendor available. This weekend they also had someone selling handmade jewelry. I really enjoyed the place. If you can, bring a little extra money to donate. They ask for a $2 donation per person to get in. Well worth it!
5	This place was so amazing a great. Its a great little lost treasure and I'm happy I found it. My kids loved it they got to see and touch many animals. The staff was so nice and friendly. There really caring and sweet people. The have lots of different animals just roaming around  so you can get up close and personal with them. People that haven't been here should really go. Its an amazing place to take your kids.
5	Farmer Glenn is the coolest farmer in Las Vegas (He also is a Farmer's Insurance agent on the side lol www.farmersagent.com/glinsenbardt.  All you have to do is try their eggs once and you'll never want to eat store bought eggs again.  They have become so popular, they are selling out early on Saturdays and Sundays now so get there early (Open at 9 AM).  Their new website is fantastic   http://thelasvegasfarm.com/  and my kids love seeing all of the animals.  If you are not there just for the produce or eggs, the entrance fee is $2 for adults and $1 for kids to tour the huge property and see the 450 animals or so that they have.
5	Great place to take the family. So many farm animals to see.  I highly recommend this place and will come again soon.
5	I visited The Farm this morning with my 18 month old daughter. I'm originally from WI and this place is super quaint and inviting. We live in South Las Vegas so the drive seems a bit far at first via Google Maps however it was only about a 30 min drive (and so worth it!). My daughter and I were literally in awe the entire time we were there. The Farm has roosters, goats, ducks, llamas, mules, horses, turtles, fish, bunny rabbits, chickens, cows, pigs, peacocks and I'm sure more animals that I'm missing. We were able to feed the peacocks and cows and horses. I also learned about a Fall Harvest Festival which we will be attending. I can't say enough great things about this super special place...so worth the trip. It's definitely a "destination" hot spot for locals. They sell fresh vegetables like a farmers market and scrumptious pumpkin bread (we purchased the zucchini and pumpkin bread).
4	A great place to take the kids for a few hours. They are a rescue shelter for farm animals, and as such, have a wide assortment of not only farm animals (horses, cows, mules, donkeys, ducks, chickens, and turkeys, but also rabbits, turtles, peacocks, and dogs and cats). They sell their own eggs and honey, have squash, potatoes, and for this time of the year, pumpkins. (pumpkins don't arrive until the second weekend of October, however).  There is also a maze for the kids as well.
5	Let me just start out by saying, Im from Ohio, and I know what a farm is. I have never seen a farm similar to the ones I knew well as a kid, but I found this little gem! Me and my boyfriend loved all the friendly animals, especially the cats were super friendly! The cows, pigs, and baby kittens were my personal favorites. All the animals seemed super happy and they had lots and lots of pumpkins! Also got some apple cider from here via the orchard across the street. Also had a awesome wood carver. Amazing place for kids especially with a maze and animals!
3	The Farm was ok. However, charging $5 to get in and then trying to nickel and dime you to death by charging another $3 for a small petting zoo, and another $3 to go through a maze, is ridiculous in my opinion.
1	The experience wasn't so good for us. My family of five went there bc of the rave reviews on yelp and surprised by how so many ppl liked it there. They charged $5 adults, and $2 child, then they nickel and dime you for everything else in there. I realize it is farm so you expect the smell, but the whole place in general was so unkept. Everything in there seemed so filthy, I could not believe they were allowed to sell food in there. Being in there for an hour I had a bit understanding on how avian influenza may have came about. Close quarters, excrements, close direct contact animals...etcetc.  Also for a halloween theme event my wife and I didn't feel they didn't put in much effort. I have to emphasize again how unkept the place felt (to me).  2 redeeming value the farm had, imo, the horse ride my seven year daughter loved it and I've heard they were a rescue shelter for unwanted animals which I think is pretty cool... I hope the owners make some major renovation or hire management to clean up the place, would hate to see a place like this closed for the public and people losing jobs and income revenues and such....
5	Awesome place to go. I love the Local Honey, Fresh eggs, and the staff. Love all the animals, you do great work.
5	The Farm is a must see Las Vegas attraction! They take the animals that the community has rejected. Sharon and Glen are the best!
