4	Diho Supermarket was a nice discovery on our grocery shopping adventures.  Right now, we like SF Supermarket for our grocery and Asian market needs.  But they close at 9 pm and that doesn't work for our schedule.So, we walked in to Diho to discover they close at 10 pm!  Alright!  With a full hour to shop, we meandered through the aisles checking out their wares.  The store is pretty clean, including the seafood and meat section.  They have large aisles and they don't stack random things everywhere blocking the way.  Things are a bit more expensive than 99 Ranch and SF Supermarket, but it's not too overly priced.  The people working behind the seafood and meat section were a lot more pleasant than our experience with those at 99 Ranch, that's for sure.  IT looks like they have a greater variety of certain grocery items as well, a huge selection of fungi to choose from!  Nonetheless, we were impressed.  If it's too late in the day, we'll be driving on over to Diho to get our fruits, veggies, meat and seafood.
4	Nearly just as good as International Marketplace, twice as lethal because its on the way home. God save us. I popped in today on a whim and walked out $20 poorer. But happy, in a shameless consumer kind of way. I walked through the store, aisle by aisle. Its a Chinese market, but they have all kinds of Asian products. Their produce section is great. They sell crap like lychee, longan, napa lettuce. So good. They have lots of packaged foods, such a big variety of snacks, makes my head spin and my gut poke. There's a small section of cook and kitchenwares. And live seafood like catfish, blue crab, and abalone. What do you even do with abalone? They also have a dead (but fresh) fish section. Its clean and organized. Like my gramma. Who is also Asian. Coincidence? * off the strip, non-casino
5	I haven't been to Seafood City or SF Market yet, so I only have 99 Ranch Market to compare with.  This is my second-ever experience with an Asian supermarket, and right now it's my favorite Asian supermarket.  The store was clean, bright and spacious, with a huge selection.  The only thing that limits my shopping is the knowledge that I have to drag whatever I buy home on TWO separate buses--about a 45 minute ride today.I was particularly impressed with the seafood department, except my sappy side doesn't want to know all those beautiful fish and adorable crabs and abalone will be killed and eaten (no matter how good they taste).  No, I'm NOT a PETA person.  I eat animal products without compunction.  I just feel this need to talk to "cute fishies"I also liked the entire freezer section full of just different dim sum/dumplings, the produce section (oooh!  fresh longans!, 20-odd types of fresh fungus) and the little ready-to-eat section.  The steam trays had what looked like REAL Chinese food, not that chow-mein-sweet-and-sour American "Chinese" stuff.  I was too busy with heat exhaustion and still full from lunch or I would have given it a try.  They also had a large selection of beautifully boxed moon cakes, but I didn't see my favorite variety (winter melon).
5	The sign outside now says 168 Market.  Inside it seems unchanged.  I got really thrilled because I heard someone speaking Chinese and understood one word/phrase:  "Bao-zhe" (dumplings).  I also got the giggles over a jar of "Flied Garlic".  Really.  Most of the jars read "Fried Garlic", but one size in one brand had the typo.  I am very easily amused.
4	This is my favorite Chinese market in the area. It's newer, clean-ish, and very spacious. Also, it doesn't smell like durian/fish/death... as some others tend to, even with a very large and fresh seafood department.
5	Beautiful assortment of Asian foods and items. The prices are very reasonable. The Chinese take-out inside ain't too bad either. This is where I go when I need some Asian items.
5	It's still 168 Market as of January 2010, but it's also still pretty much unchanged from Diho Market.  I bought lots of interesting things--got carried away buying bao.  Their little prepared food/lunch section wasn't open today (a Saturday) and looked like it was being remodeled.
