5	I love this store! Are you looking for -a selection of stuffed rats?sunglasses shaped like martini glasses or dollar signs or hearts?cheap Pittsburgh mugs or magnets?IC Light or Steelers merchandise?old fashioned candy?party hats?Ok, you get the idea. This store is STUFFED full of all kinds of things that you will suddenly absolutely need and it's reasonably priced. It's also the perfect place to buy some junk to take home to your friends :)
5	This is always one of my favorite stops when visiting the Strip. A wide variety of party favors and Pittsburgh paraphernalia.
4	You want it?  They got it!  And then some.  Whether you want Steelers or Pirates or Penguins....it's here.  Having a birthday party, an anniversary party, a wedding or baby shower?  It's here.  Parrothead, pirate, cowboy party?  Yep.  It's here.  If you can FIND a mardi gras event, you can get yer beads here.  Everything for everyone.  It's here.  A party of a party and Pittsburgh store!
5	This is SUCH  fun store!  I mean, what place can you go into, buy a Steelers mug, a candy necklace and some plates and napkins for a party?  Want Pittsburgh themed merch?  They've got it!  Need party supplies?  They've got it!  Need a bouncy ball?  They've got it!  You really need to step in here to get the full picture of everything they have to offer....because, it's basically everything!  I've come in here looking for one specific item and walked out with twenty non specific items.  That's just how it goes here!  Seriously, if you're throwing a themed party, looking for unique gift or need Steelers merchandise, this is the place for you because you'll more than likely find it...and walk out with more than you planned on getting!  But that's the fun of shopping here!
4	The Party King indeed! I thought it was bogus that they weren't open on Saturday when we were touring the Strip District, but then again, the Party King does not work on weekends apparently! We decided before we left on Monday to take a quick gander thru the store - what a neat store with all your random party supplies. Lots of awesome tailgating party supplies. I can't say it any better than the reviews below - most random but necessary stuff!
5	I freakin' love this place. Anything you could possibly want, they've got it. And probably a lot of stuff that you don't want. I loved that everyone listed the crazy things they've seen there - they have all of that and so much more. 2 gems a friend got while we were there: a giant bottle of sriracha sauce & a fake tattoo sleeve. Ha!!All I got was a postcard, this was the only place I found in the Strip District that sold them. Will definitely be back, and will remember to leave plenty of room in my suitcase next time!
4	Have you ever had a party, and needed like, a lot of random things for it? This is your spot. They have EVERYTHING: Mardi Gras beads, tableware, Pittsburgh sports goodies, weird plastic babydolls, I mean EVERYTHING. If Stefon from SNL ever featured a party store, this would be the place!Prices are good: on my most-recent visit, I managed to get supplies for party giftbags for 70 people for only $70 bucks. Pretty awesome!Do you want to throw a Halloween party? How about a cowboy party? How about a Hawaiian NASCAR bachelorette party on St. Patrick's Day? You can totally pull that off with the help of Feinberg's!And in the event that you can't find just what you're looking for, the staff is super helpful and will go out of their way to get you what you need.Something to note: you can only use a credit card if you spend more than $10, so if you're just buying a few things, bring cash. They're open on Saturdays, so it can become part of your normal Strip District stroll!
5	Every holiday, graduation, breast cancer awareness month, and other things, THEY HAVE IT!!!! they have an assortment of things and it's an amazing shop. They are real friendly and it's a great place to go to get party items!
