4	I love steak, I really love steakWhat's not to love about having a steak in a food court?Your friend wants Burger King while you want real food, no problem.Let your friend have his fast food, which is about $8 for a trio nowadays.Depending on the cut, it starts at $12 for a 6 ounce NY strip you get to choose from the display fridge and tops out at $20 for a rib steak.It's made fresh, comes with sides and you eat with actual cutlery. Great when dining solo or don't have time to go to a traditional steakhouse.This is one the better food courts in Montreal in terms of variety and this places blows everybody out of the water
4	For a food court, this place stands out, and practically towers over most. The food is pretty good, (great if you consider the price for steaks, fish, and other hearty meat dishes), and the service is not shabby. The selection is varied, with daily specials. Great lunch and (perhaps) quick dinner place.
4	I literally just had lunch at Fiore Bistro. Well, I was not in an actual bistro, but the meal certainly made me forget I was eating in a food court. Though, I have been to this place many times before, their food has not ceased to satisfy my hunger and I. The concept is great. Bistro food served quickly, yet taste and quality remain high. This afternoon, I ordered the grilled chicken with nicely seasoned potatoes and grilled vegetables. All meals include salad or soup and portions are big compared to the average meal size at a food court. My only problem with this place is the price. My meal cost me almost 23$ taxes included. Perhaps my hunger made me forget to check the prices beforehand, though I was not expecting the meal to cost more than 15$. I find this to be WAY too expensive for a bistro in a food court. Yes, the quality is greatly above food court average, however paying 23$ for my meal made me feel foolish. But aside from the price, to reiterate, the food is great. They have other options such as pastas, fish, and steak; some equally expensive others more affordable.
5	Really good service and nice employees. The European food is so delicious but takes a good 7 minutes to grill so they give you a salad to eat while you're waiting; it's also reasonably priced for the food they're giving!  This food is better then I have at home and far better than regular food court dishes.
5	Great resto. Big size portion with lot of variety.  Good place to go in the mall. Price is ok for the portion. My girlfriend like it very much.Pleasure place. RecommendedPros :Lot of choicesTastyMeats loverCon :You may think a little bit expensive
