4	Why give a review to a pharmacy? Well, it's both a pharmacy (good and vital in and of itself) and also a store providing a great variety of health goods, sodas, candles, and plenty of other gifts. It may not be the top attraction for people exploring the State Street area, but it's still neat, and for those who live in Madison, you'll definitely want to make it a point to come here.
5	Really, though, what's not to love about Community Pharmacy?  They've got all the herbal/natural stuff possible for your health/eating/drinking/reading/bath time needs.  It's a fun store to look around in, even if you're not going to buy anything.
5	Not sure what more to add than the staff is extremely knowledgeable and helpful.  I have been using the pharmacy services for almost 2 decades.  They will go above and beyond for their customers if it's needed.  I can't imagine going to a chain Rx after having had this kind of nice personal service.  Oh and they are the first place I look for uncommon brands of health supplies.  They can't be found at wa_-__rt.
5	i am embarrassed to say that i've lived here for 2 years now and have not given this place a shot until yesterday. don't worry, i'm a believer now.i've been getting frustrated with the tiny selection of natural/cruely free products at woodman's and target... i mean, at least they're trying (and that's good), but they could do better. yesterday target was out of the conditioner i wanted, so i decided to stop into the community pharmacy. wow, the selection is great! the prices are really fair and the staff are super nice. i will definitely be returning.
5	Very comfortable with a wide array of products for your well-being. This is where I buy my rosewater.
4	I went here yesterday for the first time looking for a specific product that only they carry in the Madison area.  It's definitely a fun little shop to look around in.  They have just about anything and everything you could be looking for naturopathic.   Basically I was like a gigantic child sneaking around touching and smelling everything.  They probably didn't appreciate that.  However,  I didn't break stuff and run up and down the aisles screeching.
4	I like that you can get your herbal on while still getting conventional medication here.  They know their stuff, too, and what to not mix with what.  I was filling a script for acid reflux medication and decided to throw in a box of peppermint tea.  The pharmacist told me it would make my acid reflux worse because peppermint apparently relaxes the stomach muscles.Also they sell bulk beauty supplies, so you can get your 85 gallons of Dr. Bronners here.  I'm surprised they don't have bulk Bronners at Willy's.
5	Awesome pharmacy in downtown Madison. They have an amazing selection of natural personal care products at very reasonable prices, plus many testers. It's like being in a candy store. Speaking of candy, there is actually a shelf of Vosges, Gail Ambrosius, and Lake Champlain chocolates. The service is great, too. What's not to love?
5	This place is totally homeopathic heaven.  As a dancer, I'm constantly dealing with ailments and it's nice to find a place with such an amazing selection of organic, solid products.  Community Pharmacy is my go to place from now on.  My joint pain gel that I got cost less than if I were to buy it on Amazon (I checked).  That almost never happens!They have oodles of rows with many different brands, so you can find your fave and go with that.  If you haven't found something you like, you just haven't looked hard enough.  They WILL have what you are looking for.
5	The staff is very helpful at suggesting things that might help. If western medicine isn't doing enough for you  give this place a try. Best place to buy greeting cards ( especially postcards)  in Madison !
4	My biggest problem with Community Pharmacy is that it is not open Sundays -  I think this i just ridiculous and a very stupid business move.  Sometimes the only day I am not working is a Sunday. I am sure many people feel this way and are equally frustrated by it.  Also parking can be absolutely impossible sometimes.  The other day I was there and the whole area was blocked off, no parking anywhere.  Be prepared to pay for parking - bring change!  Otherwise best selection of supplements, vitamins, loose herbs/teas in town, super prices and they give a senior discount plus the 15% day the last Thursday of the month.  Also you can order just about anything and there is no shipping charge and they will let you return it  for a full refund if it doesn't work out!!!Very well staffed, staff very knowledgeable and helpful.  They will return anything with a  receipt and sometimes without but for a merchandise credit, which is very helpful for me because I am allergic to just about everything so many times will buy a lotion or cosmetic and have to return it.
4	Great selection of alternative health and beauty products. I especially like that they stock earth-friendly menstrual products. I was also able to buy henna hair dye by the ounce, which kept the price very low and allowed me to get the exact amount I needed!
4	Very great selection.  The staff are very intelligent  and can help find almost anything.  They also have a good deal of material regarding how to use natural remedies.  I would give them five stars if they had better hours.
5	In your hour of snot-filled need save some time; skip the medicine dances and trips to the drug store for more Kleenex because Community Pharmacy has every antidote you need. The staff is kickass and has solved every headache, flu, weird rash (I won't go into those), and inexplicable itch I've encountered in 4+ years in Madison. If you want a natural cure to what ails you, this is the absolute best place to go.
5	I could have stayed here all day.  I agree with another reviewer ... homeopathic heaven!
4	I love visiting Community Pharmacy. They have a great selection of natural products and super friendly staff who are always willing to help you find the right product.They also offer a good assortment of healthy snacks and natural beverages.Make sure to visit on Thrifty Thursdays for a discount!
5	Simply the best there is!
5	Community Pharmacy is such a lovely place. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.They have a great selection of supplements and natural products. They also have a pretty good selection of herbs, tinctures and teas. I've never had a prescription filled there, but I'm sure that pharmacists are as nice as the rest of the staff.  The last Thursday of the month is "Thrifty Thursday", which means you get 15% off your purchase. Which is a great deal considering their prices are already reasonable.Stop in and you'll never want to go to a Walgreen's again.
2	Great stuff but too expensive just like all the other healthcare options in this country.
