1	I gave this office the benefit of the doubt after each visit, only because Dr. LeBlanc was very informative and incredibly helpful. She is no longer there, and good for her~! However, if the doctor had simply been an OK doctor, I would have never step foot in there again. After my first visit 2 years ago, I experience a very condescending staff and unhelpful, rude office manager Linda. Linda chooses to hire people a lot like herself, who are simply unprofessional, unorganized, and miserable with life. I honestly could see them having a hard time getting hired at McDonalds, since McDonalds does have a level of professionalism and standards when servicing customers that the staff in this office would not be able to meet. Linda leads by a miserable, rude standard that only her team follows along. These ladies have given me a difficult time since my first visit and as the girl at the front desk was rude and short. She slapped my insurance card on the counter when giving it to me and was condescending about filling out the paperwork. But I forgiven the situation thinking she was just having a bad day. My following visit 2 years later, the same group of girls still working there to my surprise that they still have a job, had been just as rude and wasting my time. When scheduling the appt over the phone I had let the girl know that I have a new insurance that I have not yet received card in the mail, she told me as long as I had my information that I should OK. When arriving, I was denied from seeing a doctor since I didn't have my card at hand, but had letters from the insurance company proving that I was insured, along with the copy of the policy information, numbers, etc. I was upset that she was wasting my time and then I was told by the office manager Linda, that the office visit can be paid by a Credit Card and would be refunded the next day once I brought in my physical insurance card, which I did next day. Well that was not the case. They never refunded the Credit Card, although she gave me her word that they would once they saw proof of insurance it would be refunded. So not only did they keep the $150 for the office visit, but they also received the $$$ from the insurance company for my visit that day. I was made aware of them keeping the $$$ for the office visit upon my 3rd visit, which I then learned that Dr. LeBlanc is no longer working there. When scheduling my 3rd visit, the lady on the phone mentioned that someone from billing will call me to discuss the refund. I did not receive a call and went to appointment the next day, which was when someone from billing came to speak to me first to discuss I had a balance due?? It simply did not make any sense since they charged the $$$ on my credit card for the office visit, then billed my insurance company for a basic office visit which is fully covered, then asking for more $$$. The reason why they are asking for more $$$ and keeping the $$$ paid cash from the office visit, and attempting to collect from the insurance company, is because they sent my information to my PREVIOUS insurance carrier, and not the latest one. This is an error made of their behalf and they had the audacity to tell me I am wrong and asking for more $$, after I spoke to my current insurance carrier,that the office never notified. Linda and the girl at the front desk were being condescending and unprofessional as ever, mentioned that I would need to pay the balance in order to see the doctor, and I honestly felt sick to my stomach after all the back and forth being late to my original appointment over a few $$. I let Linda know that I have had a lot of trouble with this office from day one and at this point I am done with it. Linda responded, "FINE." After living in multiple states, this office is the worst that I have every experienced in my life. This is my first complaint ever written about a business and hopefully the last one I will ever need to write.
1	I sure wish I had read all of the other bad reviews first! HORRIBLE office manager, terrible billing, no way of speaking to the doctor--no getting past the office manager, still Linda Gay, who apparently has people complaining about her for years now. Everyone who works there totes the company line, and no one seems to be able to think on her own. I called first to confirm that my annual pap would be covered as an annual preventive care visit, per my Anthem Blue Cross plan, which does not charge for this. They said yes. I went & all seemed okay, but then I got a bill for $240 (on top of the several hundred dollars the insurance had already paid them)! I called the insurance co, and they said that the pap was covered, but that the doctor had done other tests. I had them look up the procedure codes, and found out they had done 3 different STD (sexually transmitted disease) tests, all without my consent or knowledge! The doctor did not even ask pertinent questions to determine risk, and I did mention that I was with my boyfriend for 10 years, so clearly I wasn't in an obvious risk category at all. They took my bodily fluids and ran whatever tests they wanted, without my permission & without even mentioning it, and then had the nerve to charge me for those unauthorized tests! Unbelievable! What's worse is when I called to inform them of this, the office manager, Linda Gay, who controls everything, would not relent, and threatened to send me to collections. She didn't see anything wrong with what they did. I am not paying this bill, and had a lawyer's letter sent to them. I need to go pay $.60 per page to get a copy of what I signed--I tried to get that and they refused to give it to me, and actually called the police on me because I said I wasn't leaving until I got it. All I want is a copy of the standard paperwork everyone signs when they go to a doctor there--why are these documents classified?? I want to see where I signed giving them blanket, general authority to run whatever test they want on me when I was there for a pap test only. I'm going to pay the $.60 per page to get the paperwork, and then I'll take up the legal battle. This is totally unfair, and I'm going to fight it and maybe go to the media. Linda Gay says this is a normal part of the annual exam, and every OBG does it, due to national statistics on STD's, but I have not met one woman who thinks this is true. It sounds like a scam to get more money from insurance companies. Linda Gay and her staff also say that the doctor did tell me she was going to run these tests, and that I was probably just nervous, so I didn't pay attention. Believe me, she did not mention running STD or any other tests. I was there for one thing only-the annual pap smear for cancer detection. This is absolutely ridiculous, and Linda Gay was at first impossible to get--didn't ever call me back, and then, when I finally got her, was the rudest person I've ever had to deal with. Avoid this office, either location, at all costs!!
1	This office is terribly unorganized and it's a shame because dr scarff is amazing and I won't be coming here again. They don't communicate with insurance companies and try to overbill. The office manager is rude. There's no communication whatsoever and I think it would be nice to notify someone of a "past due" balance before scheduling them for an appointment rather than letting them know they won't be seen when they show up for an appointment. I have 2 insurance companies and both companies have notified me my bill has been paid. This office will get no more money out of me at all.
5	I love this place. I have been coming here since I was pregnant with my son on 2011. Dr.Glassman is a great doctor. I never have had issues with the staff before.
2	I saw Dr. Scraff for 14 years he is a great doctor and his assistance are excellent and respectful, however, his office staff lacks the proper training in customer care or problem solving.  Yes even though its a doctor's office there are certain skills that the office staff must have and this staff lacks it.  If you want a great doctor he will provide you the best care you ever asked for but only go to the Spring Valley office where the incidents with the office staff are kept to a minimal.
1	AVOID THIS PLACE! Imagine a clinic in Tijuana Mexico.. Got it?? Thats what this place reminds me of. The Good: 1. The Nurse Peggy.. I called to ask a question and she called me back within 30mins of my message. She was so sweet and so informative and compassionate I would go back to her if she was the doctor. 2. They have outlets so you can charge your stuff while waiting in the waiting room for 1.5hrs to see your dr. That's about it. The Bad: 1. Doctor has no bedside manner. Very blunt and talks to you like you are another invoice billing will send to medicaid to pay.   2. You will wait in a crowded waiting room for a while. The ceiling tiles look like they will fall off the next time it rains and the place is dirty. The Ugly: 1. Be ready to wait 1.5-2 hrs in the waiting room and another hour being moved around from area to area like livestock.2. Like cattle you are moved from station to station: The waiting area, then the nurse station, then sit at the doctors work area (open view) to discuss your visit with the doctor, then in the patient room while he comes in to do whatever you are there for. Then back to his work area to discuss what he discovered and what he prescribing. He doesn't tell you what for you. 3. We aren't doctors otherwise we'd do all this ourselves, but he talks to his patients as if we know what the heck is wrong.He didn't even ask if i had questions.. He was annoyed when i asked how soon he would get results from the lab. He said if you hear from us then its bad news if you don't then i'll see you here in a year. Really??? WTH?? 4. Another patient has been seen before me and I heard her whole medical history and her kah-nim-shin-fit going on in her areas. Just like that out in the open hallway we could all hear. So when it was my turn I asked what all that was about and asked the same thing, I was curious.. He sat there and gave me a lesson as to why women need to pee after "you know" and why so many women get infections. I was floored. While he is telling me all this he is looking at me like woman are stupid and don't know their own bodies. I was so disgusted at that point. I left in aww.. Newsflash.. Your practice is in a low-income part of town. Some of them are pregnant teens whom aren't even old enough to have gone to school and attended Health Ed yet. So don't sit there and school them making them feel dumb when thy ask a simple medical question.. They deserve to be treated with respect and kindness..not like another invoice that their insurance or the medicaid will cover. I obviously wont go back, unless Peggy becomes and OBGYN.. Then I will be back in a heartbeat.
