3	This has now been converted to a supercenter with the grocery. Its an average Wal Mart across the street from a target and they have a Sams Club too. I love its location with Krispy Kreme,Applebees and IHOP & 99 cent store in the shopping Center. Oh and they do have self-check lanes too. Alot better selection than some Wal Marts and if you cant find what your looking for theres Target , 99 cent store and Sams Club within walking distance.
5	Went to check this Walmart out a couple weeks ago, to compare it to the one on Charleston. So glad I did! I thought the other one was huge, but this place is just massive! Extremely neat and clean. I came here on a Monday afternoon and the place was pretty busy, but our wait time for a cashier was extremely short. Got everything I came for, great prices (especially the groceries), and our cashier was friendly. Also the grocery area is huge and has most everything you can want. Not much more one can ask for. I will be going to this Walmart instead now.
3	Once you've been in one Wal-Mart, you've pretty much been in them all. Went today before noon to pick up some beauty products while the boyfriend browsed for necessities. Found most of what I needed, store was well-stocked, clean, and organized. Checkout was quick despite there being a small line (yay for 20 items or less). Not much else to report, just a quick walk-through and I was done. Was greeted as I entered and exited and that's about all, except it was quite busy and parking was a bit of a nightmare. I don't think this would be my #1 choice for a Wal-Mart trip but it wasn't bad and it wasn't momentous either.
3	Steaks are old or wrong size. Goto your local grocery store.
3	People of Walmart primo catch in the odd hours. I sometimes have to grab something late after work. and I  am in the area so hey...I don't really know much to say. I had a lot of my interesting stories but chose to delete them as some were rather TMI or rude.
4	I've been coming to this store for years- I used to work closeby. This one has a rare but small sewing/fabric department, which is neat. That is namely the best reason for me to go to this one. As you know, fabric can be pricey. The last time I went, the cashier told me that this department was getting phased out. That would be sad.
3	This Walmart is on the commute home from work and is not too far from where I am living now in the SW.  It is on the SW corner of Rainbow and Spring Mountain, with a Target store across the street and also diagonally across the street from Greenland Supermarket.  In the same strip mall, there are also Krispy Kreme, Applebees and IHOP.Maybe it is the convenient location or the fact that this Walmart is pretty clean and well kept, but it seems to always be busy and the closest parking spots can be rather difficult to obtain.Anyway, of the Walmarts I have shopped at, this one is one of the better ones.  It has the usual large selections of items sold at Walmarts, plus they also have a fairly decent size grocery and deli section, ideal for one-stop shopping for the people with little spare time, parents that have to take their little kids shopping, or someone looking for low price items (many of time manufactured overseas in countries such as China).  As far as the groceries, it seems to be reasonably priced and the meats, fruits and vegetables are look fresh. So when I am looking to buy something and not spend too much on it, I will usually give this Walmart a try.  They may not always have the lowest price, but you will typically not pay too much more compared to other retailers. 3 stars for me.
3	Walmart.It's a place I have a love/hate relationship with. The company itself is highly questionable, but I have no objection to the actual store itself. Unfortunately, that's an oxymoron since I clearly do support the company's sketchy practices if I give them my money.Clothes-Godawful. I'll buy undershirts, underwear, socks, sandals (since sandals really aren't a big deal to me), basketball shorts (since those also aren't a big deal to me. They're shorts for exercising, comfort or relaxing, not for actual fashion.) and an occasional t-shirt. Everything else? Looks terrible and doesn't even fit right. I will never forget the day I saw coats at Walmart for more than $50. They looked okay, but I'm guessing they fit like burlap condoms? Groceries-Maybe I am losing my mind, but has anyone else noticed that neighborhood supermarkets such as Smith's and Albertson's have gotten really expensive? It seems really hard to find juice that isn't store brand for less than $3.00 these days. The thought of paying $3.50 for cranberry juice scares me, and I don't want to pay $1.50 for Kroger's flavorless or just gross in some other way cranberry juice when I can come to Walmart and find Ocean Spray for $1.50. Fresh & Easy has amazing prices, but Walmart has a better selection so this is my main go to for groceries pretty much. The Neighborhood Markets feel more like actual grocery stores if that helps. Everything else you can buy-I refuse to buy a Kanye West CD at Walmart. Trying to listen to Runaway with almost a minute of music edited out of it is not fun. And then you have......Walmart people. They are a very, interesting bunch to say the least. Walking through a Walmart store is like driving through traffic. Sometimes the aisles feel like being in a gird lock. I'm scared to go through Walmart during the holiday season because I've literally been almost run over by shopping carts several times while shopping here on a day in the Christmas season......okay, so now this is more about shopping cart traffic than actual Walmart people. That's a good thing though, because a lot of the things I have to say about the people you see at Walmart aren't exactly politically correct. Just go to peopleatwalmart.com to see some examples.I'm not the biggest fan, but I always have to go there anyway. Go figure. And this concludes my first review of 2011.
4	Walmart. I love it, but I also hate it at the same time. I shop here at least twice a week. Why? I try to be pretty organized by planning ahead and making a shopping list on my phone. But then later on in the week I'm thinking - oh crap! I just went to Walmart a few days ago and now I need to go AGAIN because I just used my last drop of Visine, I ran out of tissues, and I need more Gatorade! Well, you know how that goes. Things I like about this Walmart:-Convenient location-Open 24 hours-Clean-Good pricesThings I hate about this Walmart:-Finding parking can be tough when they are busy-Lately they have been out of stock on several items that I buy on a regular basis. So I can no longer say that Walmart is my one-stop-shop for everything I need. Thankfully there is a Target located across the street!-Rude cashiers. You can really tell that they hate their jobs. But I mean come on, at least greet your customers and thank them for their business.-Getting stuck in line behind people who don't read their coupons beforehand and try to argue so they can get some kind of discount.-Lucky me, I always seem to grab a shopping cart that makes too much noise, LOL!I'm sure I'll have some reason to go back again tomorrow!
3	We usually get supplies here if we are staying in Las Vegas for a week or two.  It has it's own grocery area, so it's very convenient to get some fruits and stuff here for our hotel rooms.  A good stop for the long haul if you don't live in LV.
1	Employees are not friendly especially the black cashier girl. When i was in the chair line. I decided not to get the other item. So I told the black girl that I won't get that item. She told me in a very rude way that "put it on the cart behind you"  I'm a customer and she's telling me to do those things. She was just lazy to do her fucking job!
5	This is the closest walmart to my house and I feel as if its not nicer than the others...it is a little older but for some reason everytime I come its like ridiculously messy...from the parking lot to the bathrooms. I feel the presentation of a store should be maintained and it is not happening here. Its a shame that this is the closest one. But if this mess continues im actually willing to drive the extra 10 minutes and go to a different one. Yes. Its that serious! Lol
3	Walmart is Walmart, it's just the same as the others I've visited. So I'm not sure how I can rate this. I can say that I can get just about anything here from toys, electronics, clothing and now even produce. Weird to see it here but they do have e'm here now. This place is competition with Target IMO. But heck whatever is more closer and convenient, I'll go to, but you can get just about anything at Target than you can at Walmart.Thank goodness for Walmart I can get my toilet paper at a cheap price. Bleh.
1	A store full of cheap Chinese made junk and the worst produce other stores rejected, this is all Walmarts!  I wear New Balance 993 athletic shoes MADE IN USA, guess what, Walmart does not sell them!  China is our communist enemy increasing weapons spending by hundreds of percent, Walmart is their best friend and has caused millions of Americans to lose their jobs thanks to supporting China and importing hundreds of billions worth of Chinese made junk!!  Watch this awesome video:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pKv6RcXa2UIWayne Gorsek
1	This Walmart is GHETTOOOOOO!!! I used to go to the one on rainbow and the 215 brand new huge and gorgeous not to mention great customer service! But I recently moved and I'm across the street from this Walmart and let me tell you its a big difference! The employees look like people that just got released from prison, and they all look drugged out! Customer service ummm what customer service? The employees are rude, unfriendly, and straight dirty! They look like they rolled outta bed after a night of drugs and alcohol... On top of the unpleasant employees there always out of stuff such as cheese or butter wtf? when I go grocery shopping I kinda expect there to be groceries! I always dread coming here and I always have an unpleasant experience when shopping here! Please for the love of god avoid this Walmart if you can!
2	This is the same as any walmart that you go to there is a bunch of rude ass people that work the registers some of the people that work there at night are alright but other then that they suck plus there meat is always bad if you want produce go to smiths other stuff get it there it is cheaper. but all and all i like wal mart just the people there suck maybe if they paid there employes more and stopped hiring retards to work there then it would be a good place to go.
2	Elbow to elbow customers in the store around the clock.. understaffed.. long check out lines... you're better off going to the Ft. Apache Wal-Mart if it has to be a Wal-Mart.
1	Why am I reviewing a Walmart? It's simple. No one reads reviews for Walmart. So this 1-star effort won't make an inkling of difference. But I need to get some frustration off my chest.So I ordered this exercise bike on 12/27/2011. All was going well except that I accidentally chose this Walmart instead of the one closer to my house--perhaps that's the problem. The FedEx tracking says that the package was delivered on 1/3/2012. Yet, it is now 1/11/2012 and I am still unable to pick up the package.Another thing. I've been trying to call their store pickup department and no one ever answers. Finally, the operator decided to transfer me to the electronics department. An employee there confirmed that the package is unavailable for pickup.Lame
1	Pam at the register helped someone else when I got in her lane first as she went to the register next to the one I was in.  She looked at me didn't say a word but continued her conversation with another employee across the way, then LATER called her over, when the girl came walking SLOWLY from the customer service area over, Pam then told her NEVERMIND as she was still helping the other person who was after me!  Do note this was while I was still waiting for someone to help me!   She continued to take her time and me didn't acknowledge me at all!  I was just about to leave when she finally came back to the original register she was at that I lined up for as the FIRST customer. NO apology, no thank you for shopping at Walmart and smile, or any type of customer service as she still continued her conversation across the way with the other employee.  She looked like she hated her job.  Poor POOR POOR customer service! Sad thing was I believe she was the supervisor or manager of that morning shift on a monday because she said she'd have to do training with another worker and she was jumping from 1 register to another.  I hope for the best for her in her future!
3	24 hours open is the biggest thing I like a bout this place..
1	What can I say about the service here. HORRIBLE. The managers don't seem to care either. Some of their policy's are ridiculous. Support you mom and pop shops in your local area. These big corporate companies love to drain our money out into their outside bank accounts and we don't see it back.
4	What is there to say, it's Walmart.  Besides the over packed number of people, the staff was somewhat helpful.
1	I'm actually embarassed to review Walmart. =/ Embarassed because 1. i just admitted to the world wide web that I SHOPPED here and 2. i'm gonna look like a cheapass.Anyways...I think Walmart in general hires associates that aren't very bright. How difficult is it to scan items on a cash register?!? I used to work in retail so I know how this crap works....scaning merchandise is not a hard task Walmart workers!!!!!!!So long story short, the associate who was ringing up my items double charged me. Not just an item...I can let that slide. Whatevers. But she double charged me for 4+ items. Granted it's only about $5 I got over charged for but still...it is just plain STUPID for her to ring those items TWICE. -___- just put it through the scanner ONCE and place the item in the effin bag!! What's going on!?! Also, she kept pressing the VOID button and rescanning my stuff again so i lost track of what's been scanned. Ugh...writing this review is getting me heated again.Bottom line: WALMART IS LAME!!!!! DON'T GO THERE!!!! I rather take my ass to Target. At least they have a better reputation.
4	By far the nicest walmart in Las Vegas.  They had enough checker's so there was only a 2 minute wait and it was very clean.  I will be going to this Walmart from now on!
1	I called and asked if they had the particular sewing machine in stock. They did. I was told they would match from Amazon's price, but not their own site. This was fine with me because Amazon's price was even cheaper. I got there to the store and as I was at the cashier, they said they would not honor the price match from Amazon. Did not seem to want to help look for alternatives, just wanted me to get out of the way of the line to help the next person. This particular Walmart is not convenient for me to get to what-so-ever. So I went out of my way 25 minutes there, 25 minutes back, only to be disappointed. I know Amazon is their big competition, especially throughout the holiday season, and this only confirms that I should stick with Amazon. Even with the shipping, my sewing machine is still cheaper with Amazon by $80!
1	This Wally World sucks ass however is close to my home so I of course come here to shop for my odd ball random stuff that we need. The staff is always miserable, typical over worked employees making very low wages doing the work of three people. It is a shame that I have shopped at this location for over 3 years now and have never encountered a smiling or happy and helpful employee.The last visit my boyfriend and I made the  cashier lady was so tired and visibly annoyed at the long line that she was rolling her eyes! I kid you not she fucking rolled her eyeballs again and again while yawning with a look that could kill! I always say hi and ask people how they are doing, these employees will out right tell you, I am tired! I am exhausted, I am worked to the bone! It has been hell today! This store is not well stocked, the merchandise purchase person or whoever the hell does the stock ordering is on crack because they are out of common standard items 80% of the time! It is annoying to constantly encounter out of stock products, and empty shelves as well as a small selection of certain brand items. The employees, service and overall customer service is slim to none and really are the worst around in las vegas.I need to stop putting myself through the aggravation of dealing with such ignorance and maybe just try another location or just put the middle finger up to Wally World all together. The one stop shopping is convenient but to have to deal with miserable clearly unhappy and resentful employees that are under paid and over worked is beyond what I can deal with at times. It is the Holiday season, I don't want to deal with depressed and moody employees that can't fake a smile for the customer service aspect of it. I know it is not a glamorous or well paying job but nobody is putting a gun to their head forcing them to work for this store. An employee responding to my question of how is your day and grumbling back "I just want off so I can go home and sleep" is not very professional!
1	I have a contract with At&T with unlimited data, eligible for a phone upgrade, I purchase a new phone from Walmart, wait a month for my new phone. After hearing nothing from Walmart I go online to ck status of my order to find out they will not ship my phone unless I change my plan to a more expensive plan. This is called bait and switch, this is also illegal. My purchase was made with the intent and acceptance of extending my existing contract and plan. The price of the phone was good but would have purchased elsewhere had I known they were going to not honor their sale contract. I am contacting the attorney general, local TV 8 on your side and Blog on any and all sites I can find about Walmarts unethical sales tactics.
1	To whom it may concern, (which isn't anyone, because obviously NO ONE IS CONCERNED!) When I called customer service the day my personalized order was delivered with some other child's name on it, I was told I would not have to send it back, that you don't take back personalized orders. Now you're telling me I have to send it back in order to get my refund? You know what, you can keep your refund. You obviously need the $20. more than I do. My family and friends all got a good laugh on Christmas morning due to your stupid mistake. I am not going to waste another second of my time dealing with Walmart. It's obvious to me now that Walmart doesn't care about it's customers. I will never order online from Walmart again, nor will I ever step foot in one of your stores!Sincerely yours,Lisa Hickey
1	went to buy a coffee pot for my wife last night,went thru the self check out.the "cashier" was at her station watching her screen while I was checking my items out,I would scan items and put items into bagging area.when done paid for item then put all item items into cart and cashier stopped me and said to me "LET ME SEE RECEIPT,NEED TO CHECK FOR YOUR COFFEE POT YOU HAVE THERE MAKE SURE YOU PAY"Look first off this thing is less than 17.00 and 2nd off it's not worth stealing.you need to learn how be a little more tactful and not accuse people of STEALING RIGHT OFF THE TOP YOU STUPID BITCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	I really dislike Walmart. I only come here when I absolutely have to. Then I see ALL the things for CHEAP and i'm like WOW. I came here for BEESWAX. I looked at Walmart.com and looked up beeswax. i searched to see which store it was available at. They said it was in stock at this location. I asked at least three different employees and NONE of them knew what I was talking about. I even showed them the online item and that it said it was in stock at THEIR location. Anyway, I left without my beeswax.
5	Definately my favorite spot to hit up after hours where the freaks come out at night! I see people in their pajamas, hair rollers, hermaphordites to strippers! Omg..but I don't mind. I get my shopping done in peace. Usually after hours, there are no kids running around so it's nice. LoL!!! The only thing is.. if you go at the time they're stocking, then you're fucked. Isles are blocked with boxes and boxes of items to be stocked on the shelf.. etc...
1	worse service EVER. I had an order with the site to store it was a HUGE patio set and I went to the back to pick it up and the guy went in the back and pulled it and just rolled out on a cart and said "Thank you have a good day" He didn't even think maybe lil' ol me would need help bringing it to my car or anything whether he or if he couldn't leave his stand at least call someone in the store but no... apparently when it's click in pull, means you pull it yourself through the whole store since its all the way in the back of the store to your car and hope someone nice enough walking by will help. And this isn't the first time I've been neglected from their staff. Don't even think about buying anything in the electronics area because apparently in their employees job description they get paid to sit on the phone with a personal call and turn their back and ignore customers trying to get help. Never will I ever come back this Walmart. What a nightmare.
1	AVIOD this location at all costs! Day & Night, this Walmart is probably the worst in Las Vegas!The bad:- Extremely LONG checkout lines at all times. I have tried to come at noon, mornings, evenings and even late nights only to find 2 lanes open. - Most of the checkers can not checkout booze. This is an issue when they only have two cashiers working. - The grossest bathrooms I have seen (And I used the bathroom at EDC). - Uphelpful/Non-existant staff. Can't find something? Tough cookies because you probably wont find anyone to help you. - They do not consistently stock the shelves. Often a product you need is out of stock and not available on the shelves. My recommendation:Do not shop at this location. The Neighborhood Walmart by the CSN main campus offers a MUCH cleaner shopping experience, no checkout lines and a friendly staff. I honestly choice spending more and shopping at Target across the street if I desperately need something and I am near this location.
4	It's Walmart know what to expect  I must say, this is the most helpful Walmart I've ever been to!  While we were waiting for my order, it seemed like most everyone that came from the back asked us if we needed help, or have we been helped yet.  Keep it up S. Rainbow Walmart.  Excellent customer service in the Walmart area.  They have everything you need, and you might as find what your looking for on your own!
2	Hard to get too detailed about a Wal Mart, but I have to say this is one of the worst ones.  The store is about the same as every other Wal Mart I've been too, but the lines to check out are insane!  Open more registers!
1	Well, I couldn't even shop yet because prior to shopping, I called to see if they had the grocery items I needed.I asked the lady on the phone if they had any chili peppers besides jalepenos. She said hold on and that she'll redirect me....I have been "redirected" for over 15 minute now, and have yet to hear a sound over the phone. If I can't even confirm what they have, why should I shop there?
1	Are you kidding me?? I bought a Las Vegas Beach Towel 13 hours ago at the Charleston store. Got it back to hotel noticed it had a hole in it and the edging was coming apart. I was heading to the airport so I took my receipt and towel to this location.  I was told it wasn't in their system because it was seasonal they could not refund or exchange it (I wanted an exchange).... I said I bought it 13 hours ago at  a Wal Mart, you are a corporation.  She said well you didn't buy it at this store you have to take to the store you bought it at?!?!? WHAT???
1	Really I don't like to shop for food at any walmart, but its convenient for us. Yesterday we shopped for a few grocery items. As usual the store is an absolute dirty mess, the employees are rude and majority of the time they do have what we need. The lines are way to long and you can never find anyone to help you on the floor. It makes matters far worst when the past 4-5 times we've shopped here the food is past due. Times before it was yogurt and milk wks past the exp. date. This time I bought pizza pockets I bit into one and it was sour. They were almost 2 months past due. I called to speak with a manager about and they told me its my fault for not checking the date before buying. Lol. Shows you what kind of company this is. I HATE Walmart. Dont care how close it is, I will never do my grocery shopping here EVER again.
1	Walmart is a horrible company and this location definitely meets the bad reputation Every time I go in there I have an issue . Items incorrectly placed on shelves and they won't honor the prices that are listed, disgusting floors and areas, customers walking around in their bare, unsocked feet. This last time they wouldn't even honor a two dollar coupon from a manufacturer that actually lists Walmart kindly as caring their product (I alerted the manufacturer that they would not honor their coupon). I strongly suggest you boycott Walmart. If not them entirely, at least boycott this location!!
2	Convenient only as I happened to be driving back from an appointment this is one of the least well maintained and bleak Walmart locations I've seen in quite some time.  Back in the days of community Walmart small towns like Fremont or Port Clinton Ohio this may have sufficed, but to call this picked over and dank location a "Super" Walmart leaves me to wonder what the 'standard' Walmart looks like these days.
1	ugh this store is the worse walmart ever,,,,,,I dont know why i continue to shop here...the convenience is no longer worth it. Horrible customer service, long lines (like 3 registered open during busy times), the selection might be good but everything is so all over the place and unorganized that who knows. The little tiny box they built around the cosmetics is ridiculous.  you can hardly fit a cart in there let alone a few carts.  Its always hot in there !!! Ugh its just wrong which ever way you look at it.  Im done and never going back.
3	...the fact that they lock the one door at night and atoll need 2 armed guards only makes it more adorable.
1	I wouldn't recommend going to this Walmart for many reasons. First, they are always running low on quanities of items. Second, there are always police at this location due to shoplifters. Finally, this Walmart needs to really clean up the place.
1	Worse store in history!!! They make you make mutilple purchases throughout the store,like your a criminal.i went into the cosmetic department for a female product,made me take it out and pay by itself( very embarrassed ). That was one.then I wanted a simple pair of headphone, had to make another purchase ,another time I wanted to make a game purchase ,the guy wouldn't even hand it to me,like I was a child and he held it above his head making everybody see.i really felt very uncomfortable ,like i was really going to steal it.not to mention I had to wait 20 min for someone to get keys. then i had to get other items then had to go to the front of store and pay for a third time.by the time i finished,it took 2 hrs to get out,then i had to show riecipts to get out of store,no surprise,i lost one.it was a huge ordeal.really don't need the frustration ,I have enough going on,targets right across the street,so that's where I go now.a little more expensive but well worth the piece of mind,not being looked and and make you feel like a criminal!the vision center,ohhh don't get me started there cheap frames,the say that the will replace them for a year,and nope,not to mention the hate people
1	This walmart gets worse wver time I go there. The employees are the most rude associates I've ever seen. Last night when I was there  they wwre actually arguing with customers. Then when the "manager" came over she was even worse! Guess it does really come from the top down.  There are 2 other Walmart's that are within a few miles of this one.  Its worth the extra drive!
2	I really don't enjoy this particular Walmart location. They aren't usually well-organized or clean and no matter when I stop by they are always crowded. I have stopped at this location on a number of occasions out of pure convenience but there are plenty of better locations in town, so I avoid whenever I can.
1	I know that Walmart as a whole is pretty trashy and low-quality, but this location seems to take the stereotype to the limit. There are so many terrible qualities to this store that I could probably write separate reviews just for each one. So I will try to condense it into one angry rant.First of all, the service in this store is terrible. What makes this worse is the fact that they close off entire sections for cleaning - and none of the employees are particularly willing to help someone retrieve an item from the closed sections. I've literally had to come back the next day because no one would help me. Great customer relations. Really.Next is the selection - I'm sure that they have a lot of the same things as other stores, but without willing help from the staff finding these items, you're pretty much out of luck. This applies doubly at nighttime, where the night stockers won't even point you to someone who knows anything about what is beyond their particular aisle. This is also the only Walmart that I've been to with a completely decimated meat section. Literally, the only beef I found on the shelves was that wonderful shade of grey with a shelf life of the previous morning. Or ground beef - but how does one make a good stew with ground beef or rotted beef cuts? Disgusting!Finally, let's talk about their security at each entrance. I can be in a suit walking a cart full of bags and they will not only ask for my receipt (in one case sending me back to the register), but they also poke into my bags. Can we say invasion of privacy much? Meanwhile, I watch people walk right past these Gestapo guards with unbagged merchandise, setting off the alarms in the process, but rather than focus on the actual thieves, they continue to snoop into my purchases, comparing what's in the bag to my receipt. Major failure Walmart. The only redeeming quality is the fact that this store is two blocks away. Frankly, I would rather go to the Target across the street and Von's for actual food, but unfortunately Target isn't 24 hours, and Von's is a 15-20 minute drive away.
4	As with Sam's club next door, this Walmart has been here for as long as i can remember (~1994). After their renovation to become a super walmart, its so much nicer now xD ! I remember back in the day, it was on the SW corner, Target was on the SE corner, and K-Mart was on the NW corner. It was a competition ! Unfortunately K-Mart died off but Walmart is going strong. Their Pharmacy side closes its doors around 9-10pm so you'd have to go through the Grocery side. Random tip that my friend and I ran into a few years ago... DONT go shopping and check out on January 31st of each year at 11pm. That's when their systems get shut down and restart. Takes like 15 minutes? I guess their fiscal year ends on Jan 31 instead of Dec 31. They are stocked in mostly everything usually. The only thing i find a mess most of the time is the office supply area. Rest seems ok. The only downside is some of their employees are a little slow. Backs up checking out quite a bit. Not saying they shouldn't be working, but they should hire more people. So many un-opened lines, but few people to work them. They should have the same thing as Albertsons? where 3 or more is a line and opens a new one XD
3	Standard Wal-Mart, convenient that it's next door to a Sam's Club (and across the street is Target).- Came here about 8:30 pm to get copies of a key made.  Nobody was at the sporting good section but once I asked an employee near the front check-out registers, she called for customer assistance and I was helped.
3	No 9mm good assortment of other ammo.   Visited 3 stores and called the rest.  You have to know when the truck rolls in and be there.  Otherwise... WalMart is WalMart.
1	Do not bother coming to this Walmart today. Very slow cashiers and even slower customers. Only 3 lines open. This is crazy and rude customers. This women's cart was up my ass while I was trying to pay.
3	I like the groceries I can get cheaper then the grocery store. I dont like the produce. I prefer Sprouts. I really don't appreciate the long walk from body wash & shampoo all the way to the other side of the store for facial tissue & toilet paper.
3	Just moved to the area, and this is my local Walmart. Where I moved from, there wasn't a Walmart within a convenient distance so I pretty much never went there. Since we had to buy pretty much everything for our new apartment, we have found ourselves spending an absurd amount of time at this Walmart... Enough to where I feel comfortable rating it. I give it a 3 stars because well... It's a Walmart. If you have low expectations, expect cheap products all over the place, don't want much service... Then this Walmart does the job very well. I've never really had a "this is out of stock" kind of experience, but we mostly shop while walking through and seeing whatever is we need at the moment. As for service, this place is a mixed bag. Sometimes we have had REALLY nice people that have helped us all the way out to our car, and sometimes there is nobody to be found (one time we waited 45 minutes for someone with a cart to come help us with a piece of furniture). The site to store to this store has been smooth enough, and I've never really had problems picking things up that way. Otherwise, it's a Walmart. Everything is absurdly cheap, you can buy almost everything you need, and sometimes you end up blowing more money than you want because you see so many good deals. This will continue to be my Walmart, and I will just continue to take the bad service from time to time with a grain of salt... It's still a Walmart.
4	This Walmart is in a less sketchier location. It's always on our way when we are heading home after a nite of binging and hanging out in Chinatown. They are a super Walmart, so they have the grocery side that has most of the produce and grocery goods that I need.I grab a lot of fruits and vegetables here for juicing and making healthy smoothies. They don't have the hugest selection, but if you come at the right time, their selection is just right and at a good price. I love their large bags of spinach, power greens, and kale - it's always a better deal here compared to other markets. They also have a fairly decent garden center. I've bought a few of my plants, succulents and ceramic pottery here. They have a nice selection with different kinds and sizes. I've noticed that this Walmart likes to bump their music pretty loud. It's pretty entertaining shopping and jamming out at the same time. The employees have always been very helpful at this location. It's a plus that they are open 24 hours- I just wish that they would pick up their phone.Pro tip: expect a crazy long line after midnight - only one check stand is open. Or, you can always do self check out (if you're not buying liquor)
1	i swear to god i will never ever use this walmart ever again! the customer service has been terrible. never ever again.
2	The reason I'm updating this review to 2 stars because of a few site to store experiences I have had over the last few weeks. It started shortly after I wrote this review. I ordered a bed site to store, and two of the boxes got there in a timely manner. The third, which was the headboard, didn't arrive with the other two. I was told they just didn't have it. Well I watched tracking and saw it arrived the next day, great!I never got an email, and I called the store probably 3-4 times in the next week. Even went in once. Standard procedure is they look up your order number, and the computer tells them not available, and they tell you they don't have it. Finally after a week we started asking for a manager.  The guy who came back was so rude. He ignored my girlfriend and I and only talked to the sales person who really couldn't understand the problem. He finally asks us, and I said the tracking shows it was delivered last Friday. He said, no it doesn't. I said ok... Well it does, and I had my phone in my hand and pulled it up. He said no it doesn't again, then I showed him the tracking page where it clearly did. He said oh. Walked away and came back 10 minutes later with our headboard that apparently had just been sitting there. The customer service was terrible from that guy. Then fast forward to this week. I ordered a couch site to store (don't I learn?) and it was delivered. I called a few times... Got the usual, we don't have it. I asked if perhaps someone didn't scan it in yet, they said no that never happens. If it's not in the computer they don't have it. Right. I also received a delayed email from Walmart.com. So I called, asked what's up, and that lady was SUPER helpful. She called the store with me, she asked for the site to store people and SHE was treated very rudely and with a lot of attitude. She told me afterwards, "now I see what you've been going through."The result was the same, well the computer says not available so we don't have it. Right. The lady at Walmart.com ordered a replacement and for convenience (because I said I never want to deal with this store losing stuff again) she shipped it to my home. The worst part is just how little employees care, how frequently none of them have any idea how the system works, and how even when asking them to look in the back and they FIND IT, there's no apology or any reason given at all.  Just horribly run.
1	The site to Store service here is horrific. I've done this about 3 times, and every time I come here to pick up my package, it takes at least 20 minutes before a rep will come out and assist me. This station is never staffed.
1	Customer service is terrible. Coming here on graveyard the lign takes for ever.  They should have more people working and managers on duty that are on the floor not hideing in there office. When a team member needs them they are looking around for a manager.
1	Absolutely an atrocious experience. I was returning 2 floor mats. The wait there was over 30 minutes. There was only one station open. The rep was arguing with the customer for over 15 minutes. Just one customer! 15 minutes. The rep tried to call the supervisor. It took another 10 for the supervisor to come. No one would open another station to help out. Absolutely ridiculous.
2	Good luck trying to check out after you buy something. Have been here several times over the weekend and there is usually a 20 min. wait to check out with only two to three registers open out of like 20 registers that they have.  Self checkout you think?  LOL, about half of the self checkout registers are out of order, so that line is about 20 people long as well.  Worst checkout of any Walmart I have been to.
3	Walmart is walmart, if you don't like the fact that the Walton family are billionaires and they pay their employees crap or that their stores are mostly ghetto then shop somewhere else. People have a choice to work here or shop here period. Not the best shopping experiences here but it gets the job done, the site to store option is great,  I just wish they had better lead times. If the buy online in some cases the prices are lower.  My water dispenser was $169 in the store but $149 online with free delivery or site to store pickup. I wish they would honor the online price! Err.
1	I don't understand how people say this is one of the better WalMarts- interior is exactly the same as any other, perhaps with a bit more selection, but I encountered a problem before I even entered the store today.A gentleman was walking around a black Camaro in the parking lot, trying all of the doors, then busted out a pocket knife to try to pry the driver's side door open. He continued his efforts to break into this car, in broad day light on a weekday lunch time, despite me pulling directly into the empty spot next to him, and staring right at him as I placed a phone call- not deterred in the least.No sign of security in the lot or around the exterior of the building. No  attention paid to him by any other customers in the parking lot. Everyone is completely out for themselves and has no problem doing whatever they want. Surprised I haven't seen blatant shoplifting inside this location, given the behavior outside of it. I'll keep going out of my way to the nearby (but still rundown and still much safer) Target.
3	My friends and I loaded up on some party supplies from here.  Snacks and alcohol.  We also bought some pressurized can of freon.  My friend's car would not take this can.  Not sure why either.  Her A/C might be broken!!  The drive around after the A/C failed sucked big time.  Anyway, I love how everything here is decently priced or cheap.  Can't live without one!  Quality sucks though for some things...
1	Probably the worst place in America. Prison may be a  better option at times. Never enough employees to shoppers ratio and I don't blame the employees it is a shitty place to work but the problem is that it is really shitty management.
1	So cash is only accepted at one register after midnight I wonder why a company that imports more goods from China then all the China towns combined is making it difficult to spend the us dollar? Place is still a complete piece of s#!+
1	Used to love shopping here when they first opened some 20 yrs ago but now it's a shithole. Sorry to be so blunt but it's dirty, low life people shopping there so I don't feel safe, merchandise all over the place so you can't move the cart easily that it's just not worth saving a few bucks anymore to come here.  This joint gives me the creeps.
1	HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE.A tenant said they had some small roaches in the kitchen of one of my apartments. I was out and about and close to this walmart. Rather than park, walk in and search around I figured I'd call their number to see if they carried Combat Roach Killer which seems to do the job.I call, phone rings and rings about 15 times...finally a lady picks up and I ask if they carry "Combat Roach Killer" for killing roaches.She says "no" in an annoyed voice.I ask, "Do you carry any roach and insect killer?""No".Ok, so I guess that's that, thinking I will probably have to go to home depot later because I know they carry it.I get home prior to hitting home depot and check the website of walmart.com to see if they carry what I was looking for.Not only do they carry roach killer, but this location carries EXACTLY what I was looking for, "Combat Roach Killer" and it's in stock.It was around 1pm on 10/25/14 when I called up and got a nasty woman on the phone who didn't care or want to help. If any manager is reading this, please fire her.Pathetic.
1	One star for store is open regular store hours  (24hr) including after midnight with skeleton number  of unhappy employees that's the only positive about this location ... Last night , Friday night after midnight in a 24 hour city like Las Vegas location close to the strip so definite it's not just locals at that hour...Busy shoppers the mix of locals and tourists that end up in two long  cashier lines....Fast forward after finding your items wait of 20plus minutes ringing few items got to item that asked to match price ( this is their policy advertised spelled ....)The item is on advertising of the week the Walgreen pages color on white pictures ....  Showed the page ... Was given this run around the bush by  Vennesa  the cashier supervisor  ".....we don't match price if you are member of Walgreen ?! ...I m the manager this employee yelled ... This is the policy instructions from the store in charge Curtis .... You(the client) don't you understand we will not match the price of this advertising ...  " wish I had the my recording button of  my phone ...No matter showing her off my phone the claim by walmart of their site etc etc Never had such ugly manner no words to describe a store employee talk or behave ( long line behind me ....) Customers  and tourists alike Big please go elsewhere but not that location as it does not represent Las Vegas .... And don't want you have similar experience  You know all walmart stores have same products but not same employees...therefore , This store should be off your radar.
4	Very good service on Walmart.com on this location.It was fast the pickup and all was packed and safe to carry.
1	Been standing in the furniture isle waiting for the so called manager Justin to show up for over a half hour now because apparently the normal employee is too small minded to look in the back to see if there is a table and chair set in the back. Horrible customer service... Employees Definitely don't deserve more then minimum wage especially since their job is customer service and they refuse to provide service.Time to hire new staff that actually cares... @walmart
1	Went to the Walmart Services section located at the rear of the store and waited over 25 min for assistance.  I requested assistance from several employees but they ignored my request.  I called the front office and voiced my concerns only to have the operator make rude comments and hang up on me. I finally ran into the assistant manager and requested immediate assistance.  He was able to help me expeditiously but his staff needs some serious customer service training.
3	I've been to this Walmart several times and I can't believe I never reviewed it.  This is my go to Walmart when my normal one is out of the things I usually get.  Sometimes I'll go here just for a change.One thing that gets this place a little higher rating is the fact that there are generally more registers open and I don't have to wait in line as long as the preferred location.The parking lot is a bit of a problem at times but people circle almost anywhere to try to get that one spot that's 2 steps closer to the door.These super centers are getting less of my business as I now more often go to a neighborahood market and get my groceries there.
