2	They're quick on their feet which could be good and bad at the same time. Yes they do attend to you at their best convenience but let's say you want a pedicure. They do it so quick that not even half of the callus is removed from your heel. It's pricey and their quality wasn't that great. I got acrylics done and they came out slanted or longer than others. I don't plan on coming back anytime soon.
5	I have been coming here since they opened and I have not had any issues. They are like a second home to me. I love it. Enough with the negativity. I would not go anywhere else. Here getting eyelashes done.7/26/14: Now back to get my nails, toes, and eyebrows done.
5	Trish does the best eyelashes in Arizona.  She's fast and very professional. I love her!!!
5	I love going to studio nails.... Everyone is friendly! I get several services from nails,eyebrow wax,permanent makeup, pedicures and I have never had a problem. I have been going there for over 6 years. I don't go anywhere else...
5	Only because I'm awesome.
5	Alright so don't let this place fool you. That cute lil Asian girl is a wax master. She trained the yoda of all wax masters. I don't know who taught her but it's on point. I didnt get mines done here but she did my sisters. And now my sister gets them digits left in right, cause her eye brow game hawwd son!!I see them do some cool nails and eyelashes too. This place is like that secret spot you almost want to keep the location to yourself. Anyway they are nice people too. Remember to ask yourself is it worth it? Let me work it. I put my thang down flip it 'n reverse it...
5	This nail salon is a amazing place to visit, the services are great everyone is kind especially the amazing young lady that does the eyelashes. I plan on coming again to this wonderful salon again in the future. This nail salon is the best ive ever been to. It feels like home as soon as i walk in , they do AMAZING waxing , Manicures and pedicures . And from what ive seen amazing permanent makeup and eyelashes. They keep the place very sanitary it smells great and i love how clean it is , its comforting to see the workers always in action and cleaning. I recommend everyone to come here!
5	well this place is bomb.com i love this place they are like family to me ! (: they have nice service to the point where i wanna come back everyday ! they are friendly , lovely and caring i recommend everybody to come here to get there beauty done look all cute (:
4	First time going here, needed a full set for a special occasion. The girl at the door wasnt exactly friendly but the nail tech was Nana & she was very efficient & listened to exactly what I wanted. I was in & out. Overall great experience!
5	Wonderful place came in to get my nails redone from a different salon as a walk in. Had my nails done on Saturday and by Wednesday already a chip peeled mess. They took excellent care of me and I will be returning. Friendly atmosphere and supremely awesome work. highly recommended this place not to mention the steal of a deal prices  :)
1	I will not be returning back to this shop. I came in asking for a backfill for a full set I had just gotten not even 2 weeks ago. I was told that they dont do backfills & that I would have to pay $50 to get a brand new full set. Needless to say I left & will not be going back. I've been getting my nails done FOR YEARS & have never heard of backfills not being offered.
