5	My son just had his soccer game here and what a great field this is. The grass is so bouncy and great for soccer. There are plenty of bathrooms and a playground. Parking is ample. One downfall is there is NO shade! Just bring a big umbrella and you'll do fine!
4	Need a place to get your heart rate up, blood flowing or work off your dog's excess energy?  This is a great option.  I'm here just about daily and usually TWICE per day with my puppies for a two mile or so walk around the perimeter and interior paths of this well manicured, well lighted (at night) park.In my opinion, this is a much better option than a dog park even though it isn't an off leash area.  Also, if you drop by late at night with a blanket, this is a GREAT place to lay on your back and gaze at the stars without light pollution to interfere.
2	Park is a 5, bathroom sanitation  is -2.  Feces on floor, toilet paper strewn everywhere.
4	Great place to run- safe, clean ... just wish it had tennis courts like every other community park or sports complex.
2	Alot of people think this place is a dog park. There is dog crap everywhere as you walk around the mile long concrete  path as most people seem to ignore the bags that are provided. I had a run-in with a large poodle owner also who thought she was special letting her dog roam around without a leash. I know giant poodles aren't dangerous, but I have seen pit bulls and bigger dogs off leash too. These snobs who live in North Scottsdale are pathetic and immature and think they are above the law. This is a soccer complex, so put your ugly dog on a lease and pick up your crap or maybe I will come over to your yard and drop a load right there too.
5	This place makes for premo sports fields. I've played rugby and soccer here and am always impressed by the facilities. Best in the valley - the grass is regularly maintained and the fields are cared for. For example. They actually section off where the goalies play to keep this from becoming a huge dead spot. Just great. Wish there were more facilities like this one around Phoenix.
5	The fields have the nicest grass! It's much nicer than the fields in MESA or in Chandler. There aren't any gangsters walking around trying to jack my stuff. Yesterday I was at a game in west Phoenix at Cielito park. They had crazy drug deals in the parking lot.  Scottsdale sports complex is a breath of fresh air.
