4	This is the best sushi I've found in Madison so far  -- with excellent customer service.Sushi options here in Madison seem pretty limited to me, but Edo is the best I've found so far, the quality of service, sushi and ambiance put it over the much-hyped, but underwhelming Takumi on all counts.  The sushi selections are very tasty and very fresh.  Prices are reasonable for sushi.  The private tea rooms are great options for a quiet romantic evening.I can't really say anything about the hibachi dining or any of the other non-sushi fare since all I've tasted is the sushi, but my companions on my visits all  liked what they had.The service here is always impeccable, some of the best I've had since moving to Madison.
2	My god, reading the reviews on yelp for this place prompted me to hurry up and review it too.  The sushi here is JUST okay.  It's not exactly cheap either.  But it feels overpriced for what you're getting.I also don't care for the ambiance.  The private tea rooms are nice, but if you don't sit in one of them, it just feels like you're in this big empty room.The last time I ate here, they accidentally added an extra entree to our bill. So, when we were paying, we thought it seemed kind of expensive, and we barely had enough cash to cover it.  We finally realized what the problem was after our waitress complained to my sister that she didn't leave a big enough tip.  They seemed more upset about the tip than the fact that they overcharged us by $9.I dunno, I guess if i were desperate for sushi, and happened to be in Monona, I'd eat here again, but otherwise I doubt it.
2	So i've been here a few times. I want to like this place because its close to my work & home. So i figured I would try one last time and hope to really like Edo. Sorry.. but I am just not a big fan of the sushi here..  It just seems as if its missing something... Same with the beef yakisoba it had no spice.. no pizzaz. Another thing that was "missing" in my last carry out order was the darn CHOPSTICKS?  Come on isn't that the norm to get some sticks with your take out order?  Oh.. wait I got a couple plastic forks! Maybe someone is trying to save a few bucks.. but next time ask me if i want a fork or chopsticks?  I need those suckers. Especially at the rate the sushi is going for.One more thing..  I am just wondering what's up with the "pond" thats drained? Its on the left when you walk into the building? Can't miss it.. Someone please fill that sucker up with some water and koi fish!  Its been empty since the first time I dined there years ago. That would add a little flare to the rather empty feeling when you first walk in...
5	Great Sushi
3	Strong drinks and ok sushi. Not sure I'll go back, there is better sushi in Madison.
4	Good.  Not great.  Very consistent and attentive service.  If you need sushi and a seaweed salad it is the place to go.
2	Definitely won't be visiting this place again. We had our own tea room, which was a plus since we had our 8 month old with us, but beyond that we weren't happy with our experience. The room was dirty and the service was poor. We were there early and there were only a few other diners there but my husbands sushi order took so long we nearly left instead of waiting. I had already eaten my entire hibachi dinner before he got his meal. He did say the sushi was decent, and they had a nice looking bar, so I mustered two stars for the review, but we are new to the area and will be trying other Japanese places instead.
3	Overall, not a terrible experience. I prefer Takumi on almost all fronts, however. From the miso to the sushi. Some of the more specialty rolls here may be good, but I haven't tried them (they were a bit expensive for my tastes, so i skipped over them quickly). The Tokyo roll and tuna roll I ordered were good but not amazing. The fish was too room-temperature for my tastes, almost a bit gaggy, actually. The miso tasted like it was missing something, salt, maybe? I don't know, but I didn't finish it, and I usually can't get enough miso.Three stars (instead of my gut-instinct of 2) because the service was actually excellent. The waiter gave me a lunch special even though one of the rolls I ordered was not supposed to be eligible for the combo, and was extremely attentive and friendly. Though, I was one of only two tables in the place over an after-lunchtime lull, so that may have had something to do with it, as well as me being a not-too-terribly-hideous woman eating by myself...come to think of it, he was probably hitting on me the whole time and i was just sitting there thinking, "dang, the service here is excellent!"  dummy me...If sushi is the menu of choice, i'll be at takumi, hands down. and I'll have to agree with Aftee in one of the other reviews: the empty pond thing right as you walk in the door is a little off-putting.
4	Pretty darn good, actually. We've been here 10 or 15 times and love it. Apparently we have unusual tastes because it's always empty, but that's just fine by me - never a wait, we can sit wherever we want, and the service is always good.The entrees are always fresh and most are quite tasty. I did have one with wide, flat rice noodles that had been cooked into mush in a bean sauce, but the sushi, noodles, and teriyaki are all great. The hibachi was fun the first time, but got old pretty quick and the food there is bland and oily (though, obviously, very fresh). The ambiance is simple and classy - the kind you don't really notice because you're there for the food and the company. Excellent for a big group! I think the place is just not trendy enough to attract the hipster crowd who frequent other Japanese places in town. Again, fine by me.
3	This is a steady option for sushi in Madison.  The prices are fair and it's a consistent good experience.  The service is top notch and if you sit at the sushi bar you'll always get a treat unless they are busy.  Spicy, crunchy yellowtail is one of my fav's.
4	went here for a work lunch.  the food was a bit slow but, worth the wait.  I had the Tempura Odun - quite yummy.
4	Great food and is never busy. Fair prices.
1	Been here a few times before and I always thought it was solid. This last experience, however, was not good. Really not good. I couldn't even finish my bowl of miso soup. It was so sour (I didn't think miso could go bad?) and had just a few pieces of the saddest seaweed and tofu. As far as the sushi, they seem to have an affinity for the mayonnaise-y drizzle over everything. I don't really respect that approach in the first place and they really take it to an extreme here.  Finally - the cardinal sin. They used imitation crab meat in the California roll. This may be a reason why we were the only people in there.
2	When I say DISAP you say POINTED. Disappointed!  Disappointed!  I really hate writing this review because in the past we have had such great experiences at EDO and this review is not about the food because the Sushi and Hibachi are good food.  But the service...WHOA!Picture it...Valentines Day and my wife and almost 2 year old want a nice dinner.   We debated many nice places but with the child they can be difficult at times so we decided some Sushi and Hibachi is nice, quick and delicious.  So we plan a early arrival at a place we have been to before...EDO!  When we arrive the place is almost empty and we get one of the private dining rooms.Sushi Rolls are ordered as an appetizer. Dumplings and chicken fried rice are ordered are ordered for our daughter to come out with the appetizers.  And a Hibachi meal to split for my wife and I as an entree. And....we wait.After 50 minutes still no food.  Ok, starting to get annoyed.  1 hour and 15 minutes of waiting and here come our sush....nope.  it is our Hibachi entree.  WTF?  Really?  I was explained by the waitress that they had an influx of orders and were really behind.  Hmmmm, ok...so I decided to scope out the scene because they obviously had many patrons arrive after we did.  Not so much, because the place had maybe 2 people at the Hibachi table, 2 people at the sushi bar, and about 5 other tables full.  In other words the place was dead.About 10 minutes after our entree arrived our daughters food arrived and the chicken friend rice was bland and the dumplings were still cold. 1.5 hours after our arrive we finally got 2 of our 3 sushi rolls and the third about 10 minutes after that.  We enjoyed the first 2 rolls and got the third to go as we were obviously over the experience and not even our daughter who was starving liked her food (she ate what she probably really wanted after we left, McDonalds).I have a hard time understanding a couple things here.  1)  How does it take 1.5 hours for sushi when the place is dead.  2) Why would you bring our entree our before our appetizer when we clearly wanted the sushi first?  3) When we placed the kids order and said bring that ASAP....does that mean an hour of so later?  Do not get me wrong.  Besides the chicken fried rice and the frozen dumplings the hibachi and sushi were great but holy lord the service was about as fun as watching Alabama win a National Football Championship (and for an Auburn fan that is not fun).Sorry EDO, I love your food and maybe you can make it up to me in the future but the service last night was pure crap and a major turn off.  What happened EDO?   What happened?  DISAP...Oh yeah, oh, the steamed rice and little sauces that normally accompany the hibachi never arrived and when we asked the waitress she knew nothing about them.
5	Oops, I was at this Edo not the one in Madison.Our new favorite place to go for hibachi in the Madison area. My wife, three kids and myself decided to go there at the last minute. There was no wait and it was a Saturday night, so I was a little nervous. I read the other reviews and didn't know what to expect. We sat down and ordered drinks. It took a little time to get but that would be the only negative of the whole night. Our chef was so much fun. We all had different dinners and everyone really enjoyed what they had, not an easy task for five people. The price wasn't bad and the service was excellent.I can't speak about sushi except to say that I don't like sushi. The hibachi though is great.
4	Hibachi is awesome. Fun and tasty.
1	I came here to have sushi since the reviews here were pretty good. Not everyone in my party was a sushi fan so they ordered something else but seriously, my cousins dish was literally a $12 bowl of rice with eggs. No, not egg fried rice. White rice with eggs on top. And another one of my cousins got a noddle appetizer and it literally looked like they took a bag of ramen noodles and just cooked that. My brother wanted Saki and the waiter gave him a Mai Thai cause it was to hot outside and it looked like he wouldn've enjoyed it better than the saki. What a disappointment and so disrespectful.I'm not trying to say the restaurant was a completely mess but I was not impressed and not happy. Service (excluding the drink incident) was pretty good. The decor was very nice but I just wish the food was better. I was really hoping to like this place since I live very close to Monona.
5	This is the best sushi around Madison!! We love the place, which is really well decorated. The habachi might be a bit slow but its worth it. The chef was soooo funny and entertained us well. We had a great night. Our waitress was sweet and helpful. Definitely would come again.
5	Edo Japanese Restaurant on Monona drive is such an awesome place! Their sushi is amazing every single time we go there. One of our favorite things is the Kani salad! Yum! Their hibachi dinners are great too and entertaining with fire and juggling! Their chefs and waitstaff are always super friendly! They have some great lunch specials too for a good price. I highly recommend this place!
1	Nice friendly service, horrible, horrible sushi. The rice was gooey like rice pudding. We were hungry enough to finish the various old and tough fish pieces, but we're paying for it today,, very sick. Never again.
2	Decent sushi, really lackluster service. We waited several minutes to be seated even though there were very few people there (at 7 PM on a Saturday!)--there was no greeter, no one at the front desk. The waitress who finally noticed us and seated us seemed very distracted and rushed.To start, I ordered hot tea and my boyfriend ordered beer. Our waitress came back with the beer and a water for me because she "got caught up in something and forgot" what I ordered. Not only that, but during our 1 1/2 hour stay, she never once refilled my tea or asked either of us if we wanted another drink. My boyfriend ordered the Sushi Deluxe, which comes with an assortment of nigiri plus a roll. His meal came without the roll, and when he asked the waitress about it, she seemed confused, then consulted a menu before realizing he was right. His order came a good 10 minutes before mine, and while I understand that not everything will be ready at the same time, I would not expect to wait that long. And then it was a while longer before the forgotten roll came out. Towards the end of our meal, we overheard another waitress apologizing to another party about something, which, after having OUR waitress apologize several times for mistakes, didn't instill much confidence in the overall management of the place.It's too bad, because we both enjoyed the sushi. And the menu seems more extensive than some other places in town. But with slow service, multiple mistakes, no drink refills, and the sense that it was a management issue, not just one waitress making mistakes or having an off day, this will not be our first choice for sushi in the future.
4	New owner keeps us coming back.  Was a customer about 7 years ago, horrible service and uncaring owner.  Decided to try it again recently and found it under new ownership.  We got to know the owner by sitting at the sushi bar, very nice man and wants happy customers.  He always remembers us when we come in (once every few months), happily greets us, talks to us, remembers what we like.  His staff is attentive and speaks good English.  Sushi is by far the best sushi in town.  Sushi lunch special is average, I'd like to see more variety on it.  We have tried the hibachi, found we like the value of the competition better (they have dinner for 2 for under $40).  You get a lot for your money at Edo Monona, but it's still pricey for hibachi in my opinion. Badger Roll is our favorite....delish!!!  They used to have a chance to win a free sushi lunch, won it once...wish they'd bring it back, or have a frequent customer club!
4	Our go-to take out sushi restaurant.  The sushi and sashimi selection is exceptional.  There is a lot to choose from.  However, the service could improve.
3	My dinner experiences at Edo have been very mixed of late.  The service remains generally good, but the quality of the sushi is quite variable.Their bento lunches are a wonderful change of pace if you can't make it downtown to Red.
4	This is one of our two go-to places for sushi -- not perfect, but pretty darn good. (New owners took over a year ago -- ignore older reviews.)The fish selection is pretty good, and we've never gotten any questionable sushi. (The escolar we had last week was excellent.) The all-you can-eat offer (Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday)  is just a ton of fun. They haven't developed the volume to be top-notch; the California roll has surimi, not crab, and they don't keep tobiko around. (Love Muramoto's tobiko corral sushi!) They are trending now to "new sushi" stuff -- oversized rolls in exotic plating, with sauce drizzled all over the place. It's all pretty good if you like that sort of thing. I can always try something out for a chef that wants to push his/her luck a little -- that's my job as a customer. I don't care for many of them, though -- just not my style. So I'm glad they do a darn good job on the basics. The regular menu is solid as well; excellent tempura and a donkatsu that works well for this good ol' Midwestern meat and potatoes guy. One of these days, we'll ignore the sushi and menu and do the hibachi. The customers around the hibachis all seem to be having a great time.
4	This was my first All You Can Eat Sushi (AYCES) experience, so I don't have much to compare to in that department. From what friends told me, however, the price is good at $25 a person, which include tea/soda, miso soup, and salads. Also, from what I understand, the AYCES "rules of the house" are on par with other places. We had a group of about 16 people and the restaurant accommodated us quite well. Surprisingly, service was prompt, especially given our large party. Drinks came out within a reasonable amount of time (and the drinks are cheap!!). Miso and salads came out quickly. The sushi itself was tasty and fresh, but not the best that I've eaten in my lifetime.AYCES rules - each person can order 2 rolls or 10 pieces of sashimi at a time. One must eat all of said pieces before ordering more. If any specialty rolls or sashimi are left on the plate at the end of the meal, you get charged for them. AYCES Survival TIP: Go with a group!!! If you don't like something that you ordered, someone else will! If you don't finish a roll, someone else will! For all that we ordered, not a bad price at $25 a pop. They even let us bring home the specialty rolls that we did not eat (and were charged for). I was so full that I probably won't want sushi for another year, but I would recommend the experience at least once in a lifetime.
4	Probably the only place in Madison area to get AYCE sushi for one and for under $30 at that makes it better yet. Its not the very best sushi I have ever had before being I am one from San Diego where there is a sushi joint on every corner with real deal master sushi chefs running the place so consider that. Even with that the 12-15 rolls you can pick from are not half bad by any means. I had 9 of them for pete sake! I also had the miso and 2 salads they offer with the buffet and those were a hit. I liked the Golden Dragon, Black Pearl and Sweet Potato Tempura rolls best. Worth a return visit for both wallet and pallet benefit.
3	A few friends and I were craving Sushi while visiting Madison; a friend suggested Edos. Upon arrival I was impressed by the interior design of Edo. The restaurant had a very modern Japanese layout. Being a Chicago native where Sushi is easily accessible, I expected more from Edos considering this is one of the few Sushi restaurants in Madison. The Food:Rolls were priced fairly. 6-9 dollars per roll which contained 6-8 pieces; average price for most dine in sushi My order consisted of crunchy salmon roll and a Manhattan Roll. The Manhattan Roll is spicy salmon on the inside topped off with a slice of tuna. The Tuna was thawed and tasted very mushy, almost to the point where it tasted not even fresh. The crunchy salmon roll consisted of spicy salmon on the inside, but after eating a few pieces I realized there was little to no salmon and even went to the extent of taking the roll apart to see what was inside; I was right, there was little to no salmon.The overall atmosphere of the restaurant was great. Our waiter was great, and the restaurant was very clean. The food quality is what ended Edo's with 3 stars. Food quality can be much better considering this is a Japanese Restaurant and one of the few Sushi restaurants in Madison. I will possibly be giving Edo's one more try the next time I visit Madison.
4	Our first time here and I really can't say enough about the experience. Great service, great atmosphere, and fantastic food. The hibachi chef was extremely friendly and did a wonderful job preparing our food and did an awesome performance. It was my wife's birthday too, so she got to wear an honorary chef hat(and kept it!) and an amazing free tea ice cream dessert! I can't wait to eat the leftovers!
2	Such a disappointing place. It's meant for undergrads or folks who don't really care about the quality of food. That said, you don't really get quantity here either.The only saving grace of the place was the sweet potato sushi. The sweet potato was fried and wrapped like a california roll. Good job!Other items I've had were all disappointing. And sadly my friend had an upset stomach after getting sushi. So folks, the freshness of sashimi here is doubtful. I also usually get the nabeyaki udon, thinking that cooked food will be safe. There was nothing interesting in the udon. The ingredients were overcooked and tasteless. No, not even when I'm sick will I want to eat it.Service was minimal, and they are run by Chinese, not Japanese. So I guess you can't expect much from them. Yeah, I only came here for the Savor Taste Race and it reminded me of the low quality food I used to have when I was an undergrad. No more visiting Edo, I'm done!
2	If you are a sushi connoisseur this is not the place for you.  Cheap sushi, no frills, lots of roll choices.  The service was clearly lacking as no one manned the hostess stand, the wait staff was spread thin and by one waitress's own admission the kitchen staff was short also.  That being said, my food came out fast and everyone was very nice.  This is likely a place the neighborhood goes to as there were plenty of high schoolers there as well as some college kids.  If you want basic, one step up from grocery store sushi, this place will do.  $21.00 for 12 pieces of sushi and a spicy tuna roll.  I still wouldn't return.
1	I walked in on a Monday, excited to try some of their rolls, as they've got a 50% discount on specialty rolls on Monday.  I placed a take out order for 5 of their rolls, which I carefully selected from their 50% off list.I took the sushi home and my husband and I hungrily dug in.  And we were disappointed. Gravely.All 5 of the rolls came slathered with "house special spicy sauce," which is used, I suspect, to cover up the fact that the sushi packed into the rolls is quite far from fresh.It would be unfair to speculate that this establishment is trying to pack week-old sushi into a discount roll and then hide the week-old fact with extremely flavorful sauce, so I'm not going to accuse them of that.I *will* say that I won't go back to Edo. Ever. Because their sushi was not good. At all.
5	I was impressed by the great selection of specialty rolls when we came in. For the price, you can't beat it. I'm pregnant, so they were able to modify my order for me. Best part, they told me all about the 50% off special for Monday night, and I came back for four more awesome rolls! Salad, soups, hibachi and customer service also rock!
