5	Gorgeous campus with great teachers.
4	I appreciate the education I'm getting at such a good price. The classes are challenging in a good way.If only we would become more acclaimed by the time I graduate that'd be great!
4	I feel like a University is super hard to write a review about.  Actually, it is more difficult than almost any other venue.  The reason I say this is because each department deserves their own review and is very different than the next.  In addition to that, undergraduate and graduate experiences greatly differ.  I am only going to speak to the areas that all students experience.  My first is parking - it sucks.  At UNC Charlotte, you pay some of the highest parking permit fees of any university.  I believe it is going up to $380 this upcoming year.  For that fee you would think that you could get a space?  Wrong.  Come early to do some circling.So now that that rant is over (I hate use that that in a sentence) but the library has been so helpful.  I am working on finishing my thesis and between the "in house" librarian support and the online support, I feel so...well...supported.  I also love the dining staff at the Cone Center.  There is an older African-American lady that will make you smile each and every time.  They are closed for the summer otherwise I would share her name!In all, I've enjoyed my time at UNC Charlotte.  Although, I will once again highlight that parking is a beast.  At this university your experience is what you make it.  Take advantage of all there is to offer and you won't be disappointed.
4	I love the comfort and beauty of the buldings I have visited on this campus (Student Union and Student Activities Center).  The Student Union has a hair salon, Starbucks, cafeteria ($8+ for visitors), an Apple store, and even a movie theater - can't wait to check that out!Note:  Only enter the Student Union parking deck if you're sober!  Otherwise, you are likely to hit the bricks (as many before you) while trying to squeeze through the entrance!
5	UNC Charlotte is certainly a budding university. "Staking our claim"  in the Queen City and UNC system, the University of North Carolina at Charlotte is certainly becoming a force to be reckoned with. On an academic level, colleges within the university excel in areas according to their expertise. For instance, UNC Charlotte is notable for its nursing, research, and performance programs and initiatives. While all of these things are true this fine institution offers so much more. With the continual expansion, increasing student enrollment, and the acquisition of personable professional staff UNC Charlotte will continue to grow at an exponential rate. As the university grows, it will continue to equip the students pursuing higher education with the tools necessary to seamlessly transition into the work force, and become a positive and productive member of society. With that, I strongly encourage you all to get involved with UNC Charlotte as the university continues to reach out into the community. "Stake your Claim," with UNCC and let's make a better Charlotte community together.
5	It certainly is difficult to properly evaluate a university in a single review. It is comprised of multiple entities all making up a part of a sort of education city self contained. Events, shows, clubs and organizations, faculties, extracurriculars, dining, parties and experiences beyond the imaginable are there to be had at UNC Charlotte. I can't evaluate it all but at 4.5 years till my graduation I've served my time and I'm here on Yelp to tell about it.I went to school at UNCC between 2006 and  2010, a most decisive era in the school's (and this city's) history. We took part in a mostly unanimous yet nearly controversial vote to finally bring college football to Charlotte - something to give all Charlotteans a bigger sense of pride in their city. I saw flat black-top parking lots turn into parking decks and an impressive student union rise from nothing. A new entry way to manage the massive increase in student population and the university's new motto became "Stake your claim." - a play on the mascot and our nickname (Norm the Miner; the 49ers). Started just in the 1940s UNCC is the youngest and yet one of the most populous universities in the North Carolina public university system.And there's still more coming with UNCC. Plans to extend the light rail down to university city mean an increasing interconnectedness of the university with the downtown area. New dorms and sports complexes mean more and more people on campus in general. I'm certainly happy with the growth here. I'm hopeful to see a shift away from the commuter school this always has been. UNCC has an impressive study abroad program through which I spent a year abroad. We're one of the few universities in NC with a Japanese language major and I was one of the first to graduate with it. There's a fairly young campus radio station called Radio Free Charlotte and a student newspaper entirely done by the students. Basketball games are a pretty big deal, parties are plentiful and unending throughout the coed dorms and yes even the academics are commendable.In the end I suppose this review is more personal than general and everybody develops a strong opinion about a place they spent so long at. I joined UNCC with an undecided major and in hopes of a quick transfer out to a bigger name school. After just one year I absolutely loved it here and had no intention of leaving.
4	I have interacted with UNCC in two ways, at two very different times of life. The first was the summer of 2007. I had just wrapped up my freshman year at Chapel Hill, and was at my new home in Charlotte for the summer. It was my first summer there, and I decided to take a class at UNC-C. It was an Asian Religions course, and it was awesome. I breezed through it since the material was so interesting, and got an A. Thanks UNC-C!The second time was quite recently, when I started teaching for the Princeton Review. Turns out that my GRE class meets at UNC-Charlotte, and that most of my students belong there as well. I'm really happy that my job forces me to roll up there, because after a wonderful four years at Carolina, its good to come back to academia. UNC-C is an up-and-coming university, and with such a huge year for Charlotte, I'm sure it'll get better year-after-year. Four stars, with my five stars reserved for UNC :)PS Visitor parking deck gate opens at 915pm most days, just in case you're trying to avoid the fees!
5	Great place to work! Students are friendly, hard-working and a pleasure to teach. Campus is thriving with growth and expansion. Head to a men's soccer game for an extra fun time! Tickets are inexpensive, and its always an exciting game!
5	Kudos to Bonnie Cone who in 1949 had the vision to see that Central Charlotte had a place in the future to become The University Of North Carolina at Charlotte...now known simply as...Charlotte.I'm happy to be named as an Alumn of this proud institution and so happy that Bonnie Cone saw her vision through to reality.
2	This is definitely a SECOND or THIRD tiered university.  Take it from someone that went there... and wished I hadn't.I'm sure some of these reviewers want to be portray their school in a favorable light, so the school has a good reputation, but I also think you need some honesty.      The engineering programs seem to be quite academic, basically due to the nature of the beast, but I can't say the rest of the of university really rates as such.  I would not call this a professional university or "highly competitive."  What a joke to call this "competitive" by any stretch of the imagination.  Basically, you can hand in any kind of paper and get an "A," because we wouldn't want to hurt anyone's feelings.  I heard quite a few students make the same comment, "you turn in anything and get an A."   Too many professors use the podium as their soapbox, which I hate to break it to them, no one really wants to hear your opinion on politics or religion or Southerners, etc.. (especially when the class has nothing to do with that) it just lacked integrity.  I guess they think they have a captive audience so why not basically "dump" on the students.  Everybody has an opinion, yours is no more valuable than anyone else's opinion.  It just showed me some of these professors really are NOT professors.  I'm sure they "paid" for their degree at some place, double intendre intended.    I know one professor came to class saying that employers hiring students from UNCC said if they asked students basic questions like the capitol of some state, or where do you find the classifieds in the newspaper always answered, "it's not my major."    JUST SAYING, it might not be worth the trip to visit here if you're looking for a more traditional university (which this one has greatly changed in recent years, with the football team and all), so few events on the weekend, nothing really going on.  I know the VAST MAJORITY of students are the first ones in their family to attend college, so congrats on that.  But this isn't as academic or traditional as Duke or Chapel Hill or Davidson, which of course, are top-tier universities.  With that said, I'm sure UNCC is trying to offer a different experience, nothing wrong with that.I found the student body and administration sorely lacking.  Students who were "bad sports"  throwing things at opposing basketball teams, blocking the doors during student council meetings, if you can imagine, if there was a disagreement about something; breaking someone's jaw during intramurals, lot of "put one over" type people; just bad sports and poor skills.  Administration, basically enjoy having a good time at the students' expense, arguing with students just to get their jolly's off.  That's when you know jobs have become too cushy and the people really can't be fired.  So they are having a good time.    Traffic office erroneously put TWO of someone else's parking tickets on my account, which they were going to drop my classes ( me a Senior and I had to have those classes THAT semester in order to graduate) even after I proved this wasn't my car nor my tickets.  I actually thought I was going to have to hire a lawyer, do you know how much that costs?  and for THEIR error?  Just a lot of arguing and being "right" whether they are right or not.  Just poor social behavior and knowledge, wink, wink.. if you can read between the lines.  NOTE:  I transferred in and the evaluator actually missed 15 credit hours worth of academics.  How does Old Testament Bible NOT transfer as Old Testament Bible?  Someone really didn't care, so I had to appeal a half year's worth of credits that no one bothered to look at and didn't really evaluate properly, HEAD'S UP if you're transferring in.  The academics are there if you're willing to pursue it.  UNCC has made a lot of noise about their research facilities, so I'm not sure how much of that is just promo or real research.  I know they have had "consultants" come in and consult that the undergraduate program needed to be upgraded, but to no avail.  UNCC seemed to be going for numbers.  And there is a place for a university like this.  It just wasn't for me, I was looking for something more traditional, and that's one of the things people like about UNCC is the fact it was different.
3	I was a student and now an employee. Safe to say I know quite a bit about this place. Most of the reviews aren't honest here, so I have to say something. This is an engineering school. Everything besides the engineering program is below average compare to other schools due to their facilities, and all of the humanities classes are just a joke. However, over the years, I have met some of the best professors in my academic career. The worst part of this university is their parking. The price jumped from 298 in 2008 to 450 for non gated/ 600 for gated in 2014. I know you don't get as much money as Chapel Hill, but charging insane parking price is not the way to make up for it.
