5	Sometimes it's  nice to get out of Edinburgh for a couple hours, but sometimes you can't. When I feel like this, I always nip up to the royal mile to this starbucks. You could literally be anywhere in the world! It attracts such a wide range of customers, from tourists to rich business men to politicians. The view is just of the lower half of the cannongate so you could be anywhere. I LOVE sitting here watching the world pass me by, and it's really good to come and get some work done without the distraction of the internet. Well, the internet is available here but at a ridiculous price. Starbucks coffee is the same worldwide, but this particular Starbucks has something that none of the others have - anonymity!
3	Contrary to popular opinion, there are definitely good and bad examples of the Starbucks brand. This is one of the bad ones.Poor layout, running out of food by 1pm, messy and full of Johnny Foreigner, I can't really think of any positives except the cracking upstairs view that a previous reviewer already mentioned.There's a better, less hectic one down a bit past South Bridge.
4	Even when you're on holiday it's sometimes good to see something that it familiar sometimes and Starbucks is a place that everyone knows which I guess is why it's always busy with both tourists and locals. On a sunny day I'll sometimes sit outside with a cup of tea and my favourite lemon and poppy seed muffin - assuming they have any left that is. Due to it's location it really is permanently choc-a-block so they sometimes run out of a lot of things but I'm generally happy as long as they have my muffin.I guess this Starbucks location is good and bad. Good because it's a great people watching spot and I could easily sit for hours watching the world go by but bad because it's always full to bursting and it can sometimes be hard to find a seat inside or out.
3	My heart always sinks a bit when I see corporations muscling in on tourist territory, but after reading Eleanor's lovely, flattering review I feel softened up!This place is always teeming with Americans when I visit. While I want to persuade them to try somewhere different which will offer them a unique experience, I appreciate Starbucks is the ultimate in comfort coffee. If you feel homesick you can close your eyes, sip the cinnamon latte and pretend you're home for a while. I did that in Canada, and it actually worked (although I was homesick for approx 2 days since Toronto kicks ass).But anyway, as far as Starbucks go it's pretty standard. The staff are nice, the service is quick enough and you can't complain. But to solve impending food shortages, I would stand outside here and persuade tourists to spend their money elsewhere - variety is the spice of life, after all!
4	Meh.....I've found a better Starbucks just 5 minutes down the street!! It's much quieter and much nicer.This branch is always busy, the tourists are always needing their caffine rush and the queue is always MASSIVE.
3	I'm quite a big fan of Starbucks coffee but this one I tried today no thanks. OK the espresso shot cans and the cakes were nice as was the atmosphere the tea wasn't as great. I would go back to that one but for a cup of tea I think I'll stick to the one in princes street thanks.
3	Free upgrade on size if you say Sandeman tours! At least that's what I was told...I forgot. Caramel Hot Coco mmmmm...I haven't seen that in America or Ireland, but maybe I just need to look closer. I also got carrot cake that was a disappointment over a carrot cake I had from them before, but it was free because of a coupon the Sandeman tour people had so I can't complain too much! Not a lot of room, and really crowded due to being right on the Royal Mile.
4	Friendly staff, and great upstairs. Good views of the high street. They still don't get iced lattes quite right, but that's seemingly true for most Starbucks outside the states.
4	It was really great to have a little taste of home while in Scotland.  I ordered a soy chai and an americano.  The americano was spot on in comparison to what I'm used to in Seattle.  The soy chai tasted a bit different...almost a little 'off' in a bad way.  I'm wondering if it's a difference in the soy or if the soy was close to it's expiration date.The staff were super friendly.  We love this about Scotland.  We've noticed that each cashier makes a point of closing the interaction with a customer with a friendly "bye!" or similar which really puts the cherry on top of a great customer experience.
3	Queues, queues and more queuessame coffee all over world OK study place
4	Some say Starbucks is Starbucks is Starbucks, but I don't think this is particularly true: you definitely get good ones and bad one. I actually really like this particular Starbucks, which is surprising considering its location.As it is placed on the Royal Mile it is of course nearly always extremely busy and you may have a wee wait when you're in there. It is quite obviously nearly always full of tourists which you would imagine would put you off this particular branch but this is actually my favourite Starbucks in Edinburgh.Of course it has all the important things: it is nice and clean, the staff all seem to be helpful and friendly, and the coffee is just as good as any other Starbucks.However it is the seating upstairs that makes me love this partcular branch of Starbucks so much! It looks like an old library and has such a nice atmosphere. There is plenty of room, several comfy seats and a great feeling to the place; you really wouldn't guess that you were in a chain coffee shop.Maybe I'm just falling for the whole stereotype of the student with a Macbook in a coffee shop surrounded by books but if so I am unashamed. We all need a guilty pleasure every now and then and you could do a lot worse than this particular branch of Starbucks.
3	I go this Starbucks fairly frequently in relation to all other Starbucks in town. That being said, probably about once a month. The things I really like about this Starbucks are the decorations upstairs. Books, real books! And a nice big table. But that, again, is in relation to other Starbucks. The fact that it's not a clone of all the others is a plus.The downside is its on the Royal Mile, and right at the corner of South Bridge and the main foot-route up from the train station and the bus stops bringing all tourists into the city. So it gets busy, really busy. The staff are friendly and do their best to be happy all the time, but sometimes I think the stream of customers and tourists gets so much they don't have time to do much else but make coffee.The wifi in this branch can be intermittent, especially in the far corner upstairs. It sometimes gets quite dirty and not tidied up often too.But it has a nicer layout than some Starbucks in town so if I need somewhere for a quick 1 hour pitstop in the very close vicinity, and cup of peppermint tea to do some work on my laptop, it'll be here.
4	It's slap bang on the Royal Mile, so this must be one of the busiest Starbucks branches in the world in August, but somehow they keep on serving efficiently and effectively. It's normally pretty busy in the morning too - coffee rush hour, unsurprisingly - but their morning supervisor is a delight. He welcomes every single new queue member through the door with a smile, takes names and orders on arrival and lines up the neatly labelled cups for the baristas to fill assiduously in sequence. There have been times when I've felt like I really must be the highlight of his day, only to see him greet those who arrive behind me with equal geniality. That's service with a smile, folks.You know what Starbucks serves and what it costs. Well, this is a Starbucks, so it's got all that. What this branch in particular has to recommend it is a very fine people-watching vantage point. Most of the seating is upstairs (the downstairs is little bigger than the queue and serving area) in what feels like an old library. From a seat by the plentiful windows there, you can see Hunter Square, most of the way down Cockburn Street and a good portion of the Mile itself.If, like me, you like to sit with a hot choc and watch the world go by, there aren't many finer spots to do it, especially if you like the people you watch to be buzzing around along beautiful uneven streets cobbled with history.They've got to know me by name in there now I think; although they know me as Mary. Spelling out my unconventional name just holds up the queue...
5	The staff here were so friendly and helpful and really care! My coffee frap was gorgeous as usual and the views from this branch are simply STUNNING.
4	I do love the top floor and like all the Starbucks they have a very large selections of food and they all do astound you with the portion sizes! (Massive!). But what I immediately noticed when I came in to this particular Starbucks is that the atmosphere in there was just so calming and friendly.
5	Really good atmosphere at this Starbucks and the staff is really good as well.
3	Despite being in the busiest area of Edinburgh, this Starbucks was pretty empty. I was pleasantly surprised by the fast service and cheerfulness of the employees, and the place was quite clean as well. The first floor has a nice library of older books that would be fun to peruse, and there's loads of seating as well. If you want to duck out of the craziness of the Royal Mile for a few moments, stop in here and hide upstairs.
5	Super friendly and clean! Great cappuccino!! Free wifi also.
