2	Yes yes, I know it's a tourist trap.  I know that the main draw of going to the Goldfield Mines is not going to be the food.  But darn it, I expect good food everywhere I go, the Mammoth Steakhouse & Saloon being no exception.  A "Eatin Drinkin" sign directed the hungry travelers into a large saloon, everywhere decorated with the theme of the "old west".  Except, if you looked closer, and thought about it, everything was just a little too clean, too... purposefully decorated and over the top.  I could overlook the anachronistic and "too-much" style of the saloon/restaurant, however, if only they had served me good food.  (I can forgive a lot for good food)The food was by no means inedible, or even horrible, and really, and maybe if I hadn't eaten for a few days I would have thought it the most amazing food in the world.  It wasn't.  My t-bone steak, ordered medium rare, came out closer to done, and each bite into it reaffirmed that suspicion.  The steak fries (our options for lunch being fries or veggies) were... sigh... disappointing.  I'm a huge potato fanatic, and it's not as though I think potatoes need to be cooked in any special way.  In fact, I think that potatoes seem to almost cook themselves, they're that delicious to me.  But, when you take the least imaginative cook in the world, give him a vat of oil and potatoes, you would have gotten the steak fries we did.  They had no seasoning!  None at all!  I don't know how no one noticed, how it simply escaped the taste buds of every cook in the back, but... just... but.... As a sidenote, it's very disconcerting to be served in a saloon by a Lebanese guy trying hard at a western accent.  But ok, there were definitely pros, or maybe just one "pro".  The amazing view of the Superstitions.  You can choose to sit on the patio or at a window table facing the east, and you are treated to these amazing views of the mountains.  Be sure to not come here at night, or else my pro will be... well... "N/A".
1	The first reviewer must have been there on a good day.  We ate here on Saturday.  The portions were small, as stated below, there was no seasoning on them, the french fries were under-done and my steak that I ordered well-done was practically raw.  Now let me tell you about the sodas.  How hard is it to get sodas right?  It tasted like someone had dumped bleach into the glass.  But the waters and the ice teas were o.k.  The decor was kitschy and they had a stage where I assume they must perform on sometime, but nothing was going on while we were there.  Do not waste your time or money on this place.The rest of the ghost town was actually quite cute and it was a great place to take my in-laws to kill a couple of hours.  They have horse-back riding and a train and very nice people in the livery stable as well as in the museum, etc.
1	My brother had seen a program that had Goldfield, so when he came to visit he wanted to try the steakhouse out.  We went on a Sunday night, so of course it was dead, except for a few incredibly drunk regulars.The place looks kind of cool inside.  Cowboy boots hanging from the ceiling, dead animal carcasses on the wall, old newspaper clippings lacquered into the tables, but that is where hte coolness stopped.Our server was drunk, or on something, my chicken was cold and they serve beer in plasic cups.
3	Came here for lunch after a great hike at the nearby Lost Dutchman State Park. Quaint "Old West" decor, as you would expect for an establishment in Goldfield. Apparently you are expected to seat yourself and the place was crowded when we came, so my friend and I sat at the bar. I ordered the flatiron steak with fries and corn. It was quite good: well-seasoned, nicely grilled the way I had ordered it (medium), no need for steak sauce.  I found the place quite pleasant, though not really relaxing - but that was probably because of the busy lunch hour. Outdoor dining available, with a grand view of the Superstition Mountain area.
3	Campy, old-timey saloon. Just as cheesy as you'd imagine, but isn't that the point? Live band on Thursday nights (sang Ghost Riders in the Sky with bullwhip, natch). Bring your favorite senior citizen.
1	Tourist trap comes to mind.  No one was friendly.  We left within 15 min do not waste your time.  I was truly disappointed.
3	Our hearts were set on the Mining Camp Restaurant but, alas, it was closed for the season (or for renovation).  Looking to take in a meal we ventured across the street to the Mammoth Steakhouse & Saloon.This place is geared for the tourist with the decor and various attractions behind the restaurant but it was a fun place to visit.  I like the old west vibe the place has.The food we ordered was decent.  I had the chopped sirloin and my old man had a steak.  It was cooked the way he liked it and the cut was generous.  Nothing awe inspiring but we were both satisfied with out meal.A local country/western musician played country tunes.  Neither of us is a fan of that type of music so it did nothing for us.  Other folks were obviously having a good time because this kat did requests.  All in all it was a nice touch, I guess.Mammoth Steakhouse & Saloon isn't a place I'd return to for the heck of it but perhaps if I had family or friends visiting and I took them to the Lost Dutchman park and the Mining Camp was closed again.
4	My family was in town from CT this past weekend so we took them here for dinner Sun evening.First let me just say, I love the view from their deck. The Superstition Mtns are beautiful and this view is the best one of them IMO.It was a relatively nice night, so we sat outside. The live music was good but not so loud that we couldnt hear each other talking which is a feat.We had preordered chicken dinners w/ corn and beans as sides (note: ordering beans here means you get chili beans). The chicken was deliciously bbq-y and so so moist. The corn, beans, potato, and biscuits were good too.
4	I know other reviews had issues with this place. We had a vastly different experience.  Our waitress was very attentive and the food was very good. For what it is, I thought the prices were on reasonable.  The atmosphere is fantastic and the music was great. I had the BBQ beef sandwich and really enjoyed it. My wife and daughter shared the NY strip and I tasted it. It was great! We will come back soon.  I love the views and hanging out in the old town.
1	This was my first yelp review - Actually it was the bad experience that I had here which compelled me to join Yelp, so that I could maybe save others from a similar bad experience.However, in going back through my reviews, I discovered this one was being "filtered out."  Not sure why, but I want to make sure this review is NOT filtered, so I will clean it up a bit.....Original visit date 10/8/11:I stopped here on the way back from boating at Canyon Lake.  I had out of town visitors with me, and I thought they would enjoy the ambiance of the mining town, etc.  The visit was very disappointing - It took 30 min. for our drink order to be taken - After we ordered dinner, it took nearly 45 min. to get our food.  We were very surprised at how slow the service was, because it was a Thursday night, and it did not look busy at all.  What we ordered did not taste good at all - Chicken strips & Mammoth Burgers.  The chicken strips were soggy & cold, and the burgers were cold with soggy, plain buns. A very poor experience, because of poor food and service.  WILL NEVER RETURN.
3	I would have given it four stars but the Southern Belle waitress in full western dress stunk of Patchouli and I HATE PATCHOULI!!! OK. On to the food. It;s like going to Ponderosa Steakhouse, YOu are paying for the Ghost Town, mining tour experience. It touristy and hokey and the food is exactly what you get in that kind of place. It's mostly burgers and steaks, But I found me some hot wings that were not half bad. The service was fine (EXCEPT FOR THE PATCHOULI). Beer was cold. Lots to look at while you eat, real ghost-town hokey.  It's a decent place to fill your belly after the mining tour. Just  a fun day out. I wasn't expecting Ruths Chris...
4	On our way to Canyon Lake we noticed the Goldfield Ghost Town! So I mentioned to the wifey, we'll stop by on our way home! It was around 2:30 when we ended up stopping by. Wife was hungry, so men! You know what does that mean!! We have to be hungry also. When you walk into Mammoth Steakhouse, the first thing you noticed are the boots hanging up on the ceiling, and animals on the wall. They have a very nice bar, and even in the heat. They have enough fans on to keep the place decent. Now the service was probably the worst thing here. We were walking around for a few minutes until someone finally noticed us! Place was not busy? We sat at the stage area were they had some entertainment! I had their BBQ beef sandwich w/ fries. Wife had the mammoth burger w/fries. We also had their potato skins as a appetizer, now we did bring home a lot of food! Their potato skins were great! Lots of flavor, it had your usual cheese, green onion, bacon, and sour cream. This was probably one of the best potato skins we ever had! Getting to my BBQ beef sandwich, this was alright. It was just your basic shredded beef, and sauce. It was just plain, nothing special! If they have added peppers and cheese WOW!! But that didn't happen. Now to their mammoth burger, wife had this with no mushrooms, burger is a good size, and man did it smell good. Wife was grubbing down on this thing, saying this is one of the best burger she has ever had! I finally got a bite from it, and she was right. Lots of flavor from the pepper jack cheese, grilled onions! This is the reason why we will come back. Now back to the down side of things, first our diet coke seemed to be stale, and our server was Swayze. Now I'm not going to grill her about how bad our service was, just pay a little more attention to your customers. Overall she is a real cute and nice girl, (don't let my wife know I said that!) We had a great time, the entertainment was great, food was great!
2	I wasn't gonna yelp on this place but couldn't find an email for the owner/manager anywhere online. Somehow I dont think they have one or read about themselves on yelp but you never know so here goes... PEOPLE get a clue!  I dont know if we just came at a busy time or what but here's what its like to visit mammoth saloon:  you walk in and arent quite sure if you've entered thru the right door.  You stand there trying to figure out how this place works.  Should we wait for someone, seat ourselves inside, go to the bar for help, sit outside? We sat outside and waited, and waited, and waited.  Went to the bar to get a drink and was told that each section has a server and they would get to us.  So we waited, and waited.  We saw other people who got there after us get served.  So we got up and left.Here's the ironic part: your restaurant is in an old gold mining town and seems to be a gold mine waiting to be mined. There were hundreds of people walking around this town.  The saloon itself screams "hey get in here for a taste and feel of what it used to be like around here".  The patio has a view of the mountains to die for.  The guy playing guitar was a pro, great songs but not so loud that you could still have a conversation. The menu looked tasty and perfect for a place like this. We could've stayed there all aftertoon. Maybe you do just fine the way things are or maybe its not usually very busy there and you were under staffed.  If not, do yourselves a favor and hire a hostess and few more servers.
5	The authentic saloon& steakhouse was 100% of everything I expected but also was one of the Best Service and Food I have had while traveling all over the country!  Service was GREAT. From the professional waitress to the hardworking smiling assistant / busboy .  Everyone including the manager / owner made sure your visit was the Best. They worked hard to exceed our expectations and that doesn't happen often.   The Food was fresh hot and enjoyable.   BBQ sandwich amazing.  Chopped sirloin sandwich was huge and quality.  Fries were fresh hot and crisp !  Apple dumplings were exactly as described. homemade The only thing I didn't like was the tea but waitress brought us an alternative drink that was perfect.   Wished i was there for dinner instead of lunch to enjoy more options Also.   Fried Cheese Curds.  The best !This is a must try if you are west of the Mississippi
4	Great place to hold a party! Thank you Dan & staff for making our QCMP Poker Ride a success with the food!
2	After hiking at the Arboretum on a fairly warm Father's Day, we trekked over to the saloon in the hopes of finding some great bbq and live cowboy music. I was impressed by the scenery and old west, ghost town decorum, but the food, service and entertainment left much to be desired.There was lots of seating in the dining area, while the bar served several thirsty customers. Large standing fans were used to cool the main area near the stage and we were told that the ceiling fans didn't work. It was warm but not nearly as bad as outside. It didn't matter, we were hungry and ready for some music!I ordered the Mammoth burger, medium rare, with everything on it. What I received was a very *well done* (no pink) burger slathered in mushrooms and onions, light tomato and lettuce. The mushrooms were overly slimy and large, and the onions should have been grilled more. I ended up picking them all off. Regardless, the burger was low quality and the bun fell apart halfway through. The fries were OK - crispy and salty. My stepmom ordered the burger too and the waitress confused it with my dad's order, removing the bun from both she and my dad's sandwich. When told about the mistake, the waitress insisted that's what she had ordered, citing another special request that my stepmom never made. She corrected it by bringing out a bun... a very sloppily fixed error. My gf's pulled pork sandwich was low quality too, being quite mushy and flavorless. We were under the impression that the music would start at noon, but it was nearly 1pm when a crooning cowboy guitarist made the stage. We were done at the point.If they could step up the service and and food quality, the saloon would really enhance the ghost town experience at this unique outdoor attraction. Unfortunately, it left me with an uneasy stomach and another reason to hit the road.
4	Sometimes on Yelp, as in life, an establishment can be a multi-faceted beast. Reading some of the other reviews, it seems that I may have lucked out not ordering food here, however my experience was quite pleasant. So, I came to the ghost town as my first stop along the Apache trail. My girlfriend had always wanted to visit a ghost town and we saw the sign and gave it a shot. Since this review is based on venue, service and temperature of the beer on a hot summer day in AZ and not on food, I have to comment on this "ghost town". Now, the fact that this is called a ghost town, to me, is BS. When I imagined visiting a ghost town in AZ I imagined being one of maybe three people there, and it being kinda creepy and maybe seeing the remains of a human skeleton. No. This is like an outdoor mall built 100 years ago. Needless to say I wasn't the biggest fan of this whole deal, but there was an Oasis for me, and that was the Mammoth Steakhouse & Saloon. Not only did this place supply me refuge from shopping and train rides, but they had the coldest beer I've had in a long time, and the funniest bar tender I may have ever met. There seemed to be a few regulars in the place, surprising enough, but mostly it was just tourists and not that busy. We sat at the bar drank a couple beers and hid from the heat, listening to the antics of what seemed to be the regular bartender of this joint. The place itself, is decorated with lots of old time western type stuff, and cowboy hats. I found the hats to be pretty interesting because each one had a date on it referring to the day it was donated as decoration. I don't remember the bar tenders name, but he spoke 6 languages and didn't finish elementary school. He is an older guy with a very unique accent, you can't miss him. Ask if he will give you his college education.
3	Well, it is REALLY nice to be able to get a cold beer and some food when you are in a Ghost Town...literally.I know this is supposed to mimic a Saloon atmosphere in the 1800's but really it was dirty and old.  I wasn't to keen to order any food because there is no telling what the kitchen looks like but we were STARVING so I ordered fried food thinking it would be the safest thing to eat.  It was okay and did the trick of filling up our bellies.The server was prompt and friendly.  We had a nice chat about the weather - go figure. The best part of the experience was the cold beer.
4	Just moved from boring Chandler to the old west apache Junction! This bar is close enough that we can ride quads from the house to the bar! Haha awesome. Def a ghost town in the summer, mostly die hard locals and old crusty cowboys. Goood people watching! The 2 guy bartenders are pretty chill, there's one younger girl, a server that was a total B to my sister and I when we said the burger wasn't good. But she was nicer the next time we went back. The grilled chicken burger is awesome! The mammoth saloon has alot of character and nice outdoor seating and cold beer. I like it:)
3	We stopped in for a snack and a drink in the middle of our day of touring Goldfield.  The owner works behind the bar and is fun and entertaining.  We ordered a burger and mentioned that we were going to share it.  It arrived already cut in half in two separate baskets with the fries separated between the two as well.  Very nice!  Burger was pretty good.  It has lots of grilled onions and pepper-jack cheese.  It's tasty.  Fries alongside were just standard.  The people watching here is out of this world.  It's truly something you have to see to believe...  maybe a native Arizonian would not be impressed but I thought it was like something out of a movie.  Make sure to stop in here when you're at Goldfield!  One thing that took this place down a notch for me...  owner was wearing a gun, which he proceeded to prove to us was loaded.  This may be a normal thing in Arizona, but it's shocking to me and not something I want to see.  So there's that.
2	The atmosphere is fun and the service was good. The burger meat was good but the mushrooms are canned the cheese appears to be processed. The turkey sandwich was what gave it two stars. It was no better than one that came out of a vending machine.
2	Went here yesterday with a group of friends.  As we walked in by bathrooms we were greeted by a swearer smell, this was not pleasant at all going to a restaurant. We sat on the patio which had a beautiful view of the mountains and this is the only reason that I gave it a 2 rating. However the sewer smell continued to the outside patio. One of the ladies in the group ordered a lemonade and absolutely could not drink it because of the water that it was made with had a terrible smell.  I ordered the Mammoth Burger and was so dissatisfied with it, it absolutely had no tasted at all.  You would think that it would with all of the mushrooms onions cheese and the size of burger was large but tasteless.  I had always wanted to try this place but since I was so disappointed, will not go back again.
4	We stopped in for a snack of buffalo wings and beer after touring the Goldfield Ghost Town. The wings were great, the beer was great and the young server was most entertaining. We ate inside and afterwards headed out to check out the view from their huge deck where we saw horses hitched up to posts directly below the bar. Met some locals, drank more beer and had a really FUN time... I even got to ride one of their horses in the parking lot. :-)
5	I love this place!
