5	I have been picking up my CSA veggies from Trish and Ed's for a bit over a month, and I am thrilled to have them here!  They are a CSA that pull from a collective of small farms in central CA (I think around the Fresno area), who stock 100% USDA organic fruits and vegetables, at very reasonable prices!  You can grab from an assortment of individual items by the pound from the storefront on Eastern and Pebble, choosing your own fruits, veggies, and herbs, and/or you can go the route of the traditional CSA box of surprise goodies.  The prices are insanely reasonable - my husband and I split a $22 small box each week and it pretty much fulfills our fruit and veggie needs for that week.  My guess is they dole out about 10 - 15 lbs of healthy goodness for that price.Unlike the traditional CSA where you buy a share for a whole season, they let you purchase boxes one week ahead of time, so you don't have to deal with the hassle of finding someone to take your share for the week if you're heading out of town, and you can modify what you get as you go based on how much you discover that you eat.  You can get boxes with all veggies, all fruit, or a mix of both.  They are also ridiculously accommodating, letting you sub out items if there are things you adore or dislike, and they also fill your box based on your particular diet.  Trish and Ed are very friendly, and the service has been impeccable, which makes it even more of a great deal!  I've been loving my boxes, and hope this business can thrive.
5	As a newbie vegetarian of 8 months, I have been looking at some different options for obtaining quality fruits and veggies.  I discovered Trish and Ed's through Yelp.  They are located just one block from my work and gym so I decide to stop in for some information today.  I was instantly welcomed with warm conversation and asked about what I was looking for and my individual needs.  I like the idea of joining a CSA without the stringent rules.  Pick up days are Weds and Sunday and you have the entire day to pick up your crate, so it is very accommodating to just about anyone's busy schedule.  Admittedly, this review is being written based on my first time in the door experience but I will add to/ adjust my review after my first crate on Wednesday.  I tried some fruit samples and cannot wait to get my hands on some more.  I love that Trish takes the time to notate anything you may not care for and really individualize your take.  I immediately felt like this was something I wanted to be a part of.  Thank you Trish and Ed's for bringing a bit of small community goodness to our bustling desert.
5	Just an update - it seems that they're so swamped with the CSA baskets that they don't do the by-the-pound storefront anymore.  Still fantastic for organic CSA produce!
5	Great place for the most amazing fruits and vegetables   and LOVE the new juice bar!!  So fresh, SOOOO YUMMY!!
2	When the produce is good, the produce is good and when it is bad it is truly bad. We have shopped the farmers market stand for the entire summer and decided to give the weekly service a try. It is $30 a week, with a starter fee for the cute boxes that have your name engraved on them. I was happy to give a newer small business owner a chance, but often I got the impression that they are doing me the favor and each week I was throwing away a quarter to half the box from rot or wilting produce. I had traded the Bet on the Farm market for their box and it was just okay and highly unpredictable on produce received. At pick up, I found Tim to be friendly, he is good guy with who is well meaning.  In the weekly boxes I have received amazing produce, and then I have received apples that were rotten black, a pomi that was fuzzy moldy inside and black, kiwis that were shriveled, soft bendy carrots, wilted heads of lettuce and spinach, moldy grapes, and the list goes on.  Tim always did his best to make up for the bad produce at the market, but the box always contained some gross produce. A disadvantage over picking it out on your own at the market. They require that you fill out a form that says all the items you want and then make no promises to provide one of those ten requested items. Interesting concept and not exactly consumer friendly.  At the store, Trish is an entitled and confrontational owner that did not impress me at all. We got into it a bit and she made some very snarky comments and behaved like she was doing me a favor for selling me produce that is often delivered moldy or wilted or ready to rot. I'm not going to deny that it super pissed me off and it took everything I had not explode at her for her aggressive posture, language, and snarky comments. Trish had told Tim that she wanted to "fire" me as a customer and I told Tim that was fine. That evening I got a message from Trish to call her. No reason for the call just to call her back. Did she really expect me to call her after our last friendly experience? Hah! Hilarious. She didn't even have the courage to leave an honest message saying that she wasn't going to deliver to the west side for my pick up anymore. OK by me. I was already waiting a few months before I was going to review them (one or two deliveries does not make for fair eval) and low and behold they drove their own review destiny with average to extremely poor service and unpredictable product. There are other fabulous options out there. I am sure some people just love this little business but as an avid local, small business shopper/supporter...I am saying that there are many better locations that have more stability in customer service, clearly label where their food is from, and offer more reliable product.
1	Avoid at all costs if you expect pleasant customer service.  I was a  client of the CSA weekly baskets and even though I felt it was very overpriced I went with it believing the produce was fresh and organic, unfortunately it required a very quick consumption or went bad quickly.In addition, If you must travel and cannot pick up every week even when you advised a week in advance they were very bent out of shape and would rather suggest  purchasing from the farmers market on Sunday than pick up from them on Wednesdays.I will not patronize a place of business where the owner has a better-than-thou attitude.
5	Hello, I think Trish and Ed's is amazing! I look at the reviews written and I can't help some them seem like they're written in anger. To me that is childish because why would you ruin a businesses rep just because you happened to have a bad experience, maybe it was you, you ever think? I support small businesses especially like this with it being organic. I know Trish has been busting her butt since they have opened and from what she told me is she has worked extremely hard to please as many people as possible. My experience has been positive.  I have been in there when women are in there and they are so demanding and disrespectful to the staff I think to myself, how do they do it.  I mean I want to say to those women my God its just fruits and vegetables! I laugh and I think thank goodness I am not like that. Now that I have defended one of my favorite small businesses I will talk about their service. When I signed up I was familiar and respectful of CSA's. I read their rules and have followed them to no fault.  I understand how crops work and I love eating in season.  I am not one of these spoiled individuals that wants a bell pepper in the winter from south america because I want what I want.  I eat what when in season! The biggest turn on for me with this service was that I can get it within two days of being in the ground.  I don't know ANY store that has that kind of freshness. I like supporting small farms and I won't compare them to Whole Foods because they are in a league of their own. It is USDA Certified Organic and small farm support, I was sold! I will be honest, I don't always get perfect stuff but I understand how organic works. If there is a problem, I talk with Trish and she is more than happy to explain and replace. I will be with them as long as they are here in Vegas. I am excited for their pluots and stone fruit! I was told today it will be here next week!!! I love the juice bar too! Only ALL organic juice bar in Vegas that gets 90% of their stuff direct from the farm! Some things like banana's and pineapple is hard to get in the states! They all work so hard to get it here and do what they do I LOVE both Trish and Ed's Organics and Ig-Zil-Uh-Reyt Juice Bar!!!
1	I would love to actually rate the place since my family and I eat organic produce and I am ALWAYS looking for ways to get my hands on some. I've seen this place many times and today I finally had a chance to stop in. I went in not knowing what to expect and very interested but the lady behind the counter didn't greet me or ask if I needed help. Heck, she didn't even SMILE! I felt like i shouldnt have even been there. Finally the gentleman said hi, seemed friendly and disappeared in the back. After wandering around for a minute or two I just walked out. If that's how they treat potential customers, I can't imagine how the service is on the whole. Terrible first impression and a very awkward experience. I think I'll stick with Bountiful Baskets. At least they're extremely nice and polite even though they are VOLUNTEERING their time at the butt crack of dawn on a Saturday morning.
5	Its nice to find real organic food in the city. The last greens I bought from Trish and Ed's I forgot about in the bottom of the fridge for close to a month. Just found them. They still look great! That really says something about how long conventional produce sits on the shelf. Much of the produce I buy at mainstream stores rots really quick. probably because it is picked under ripe. We love the white eggplant that Trish and Ed's have, also, the lacinato kaIe is lovely. Cant wait to go back to vegas to buy some more veggies from them.
