5	I have found a new favorite for cell and tablet repair. After giving iPhix several tries now I call Jonny at iFly. They come to me, the prices are great and they changed out a iPhone 4 back glass in less than 5 minutes on my counter! all the guys are super cool. I will definitely be using them again and again cause we all know what happens when you have teenagers and phones!
5	Absolutely the BEST!! My phone was flawlessly repaired in no time and looks better than when I bought it brand new! Thanks to the professional and friendly staff, I'll only bring my devices to iFly Mobile from now on!
5	They fixed my shattered screen on my iPhone 4S. These guys are great!!! Excellent service and a great price!!!
5	Woosh! Talk about customer service. These guys sacrificed valuable family holiday time on x-mas eve, to help do an ipad screen repair that I needed to have done as a gift to a very important individual for x-mas morning. These guys were incredibly friendly, and very sympathetic to the situation, while everyone else wanted to take my money, and ignore the fact that I needed this completed by x-mas. Telling me the earliest they could have it done is 12/26 or 12/27.
5	Came in with some dust in my iPhone 5 camera lenses. Took my phone into the back and cleaned it out for me. Picked up a new case while I was here and they put the quick service of my device on the house. In and out in less than 20 minutes. Awesome guys, will come back for any third party stuff I need.
5	Good People, Good Service, Great Business!!! It's that simple. Professional and easy to talk to. They will NOT scam you. They all know what they are doing and will answer any questions you might have. In fact these are the dudes you want to go have a beer with later. Would recommend this business to anyone with phone, or tablet repairs. Give them a chance and you will not be disappointed.
5	Took my wife's iPhone 5s into this shop for coffee damage, of all things, which I was told was the worst kind! The guys in the shop were helpful, honest and courteous. Not to mention fun to talk to. Gave me a price that was not off the charts, very reasonable, actually. They had to pick up a few parts that they did not have in stock, but 24 hours later, my wife and her phone were reacquainted. Great guys, great price, great business. I would send anyone I know to I Fly Mobile Phone Repair anytime! THANK YOU!
5	My phone (iphone 5s) was water damaged last week, and this place was recommended to me. Unfortunately, my phone couldnt be saved. This was not due to lack of effort, though. The guys at ifly tested all the parts, replaced things, treated things, and did get it to work for a while, but I just messed it up too bad - they have an impressive success rate with water damage. Despite this, I would come to these guys with any problems I have with any of my devices. They definitely do not scam you. On the last day I went to pick up my dead phone, they didnt charge me, and they offered to help me if I had any problems exchanging for a new one. Plus, while I was waiting, they helped my dad tinker with his android phone and get some cool apps for it. They really have your best interest in mind, and they know their stuff.
1	I rarely give bad reviews but these guys did me dirty. The story goes, I got my iPhone 5 screen fixed here and the guy who worked the counter that day was really nice. I even got a 3 month warranty with the deal. A week later my screen starts acting up: typing on its own, freezing, and it wouldn't sense when I touched the screen. I'd been busy but I brought it back a week after I was having problems.There was a different guy working the counter this time and after I told him what the issue was he said it wasn't an issue with the replaced screen. After telling him I never had these issues until after I had it fixed there, he still refused to take my phone in and look at it. Instead he blamed it on the ios software and went into my setting to make the touch sensors more sensitive. I really didn't appreciate the fact that they don't honor their warranty or even trust that the issue was the screen. So I decided to take it to a different iPhone repair shop. They pointed out that the screen was actually coming off of the phone when they pulled off my case.I will never come here again nor do I recommend anyone to trust their services. They are a waste of money and time.
5	Jonny the owner of iFly contacted me and gave his sincerest apologies on my last experience with them. I was given a full reimbursement and reassurance that I was welcome back if I had any other issues.
5	I was looking for a good and affordable place to get my CRACKED/poor iphone repaired.I brought it in, they said it would be done in an hour.  And when I got there, they were just about done and I got to chat with Johnny and his crew.  They were the nicest and really showed great customer service.  I got my phone screen replaced and it looks great.  Feels like even better than before.  I also got a screen protector which is not easy to put on and they did it with no bubbles.  Love my phone even more.Thanks for the service and I know he has a warranty and guarantees his work so that's good to know.Will recommend to other for phone repairs!
5	These guys fix your botched repair from other shops! If you need a repair on your device, save your time, money & ( like in my case) your device, by coming straight to iFly. They lack all the shady behavior you get from other shops. They open your device in front of you, show you what's wrong/needs replacing, & give you a fair price to do it! In my case, I had a repair done at a shop that is causing my motherboard problems & can only expect it to continue to get worse. So, after getting my (sad little) budget, they are on the hunt for a new phone for me that they'll warrantee! If I could give these guys 10 stars, I would. At this rate, I'll NEVER take any of my devices anywhere else. You shouldn't either.
5	The BEST overall electronics repair shop in Las Vegas. They're competitive in pricing, warranty their work, and are trustworthy. I've sent them more than 4 or 5 people who have ALL thanked me. It's a no brainer.
5	These guys are super down to Earth. iFLY MOBILE REPAIR is like no other shop and will go nowhere else when I need help. I felt like family immediately walking in.5 stars because of: Service, Speed, Friendliness, Precision, and CARE. I came in last November for the first time after just getting my brand new phone. Johnny welcomed me immediately asking how he could help me. I pulled out my new gadget and said I just came from horrible ATT store asking a ridiculous price to put a .4mm glass protector on - $35 to be exact. He with soothing measure chuckled and said that they'd take care of me. He called Scott over whom he introduced and said this man is great at any repair UNDER the Sun. Scott within minutes had my new phone dressed with protection and ready to go. WELL,Today I returned for the 2ND time because after much adventures, my phone had been dropped and protection CRACKED. I couldn't quite determine wether the cracks went all the way through to my phones face or was just mm damage. These boys are REAL. They had taken the time to tell me my first visit that it's SO worth having .4mm protection rather than a peel-sticker. ON POINT - My phone was UNHARMED. Scott had carefully removed the damaged mm glass off my phone's face while Doctor Johnny with surgical hands and eyes, sterilized the naked screen with alcohol and with precision before me, placed a new protector on. These guys will take an extra step to do the RIGHT thing. They and make sure their work IS to your accordance. After a little catching up about the course of the year, I paid and said goodbye. These boys made my day. Thank you :)
5	They went above and beyond with fixing a very "toddler loved" iPad 2.  They replaced the screen, casing and battery in a reasonable time, good price.  What gives them five stars is the service.  They kept me in the loop with the status of my repairs / under promised and over delivered.  Would recommend  for any mobile device repair.
5	Best place in Vegas to go for any phone, iPhone needs...I am a have been here plenty of times since buying my Galaxy S3... They have fixed my cracked screens when my service provider told me it was impossible. Highly recommended by Tha Peoples DJ
1	This place is ridiculous we took my sons water damaged ipad here to replace since my boyfriend had a business card given to him, they had the ipad for 8 weeks!!! My boyfriend kept texting the owner once a week to check the status and the owner kept having excuses saying he's waiting on the part and blah blah. Finally the owner texted back saying the ipad will be ready no later than Monday, we were out of town so we went today, so it should have been ready Monday of last week well my boyfriend texted the owner to double check if its ready and hours go by and he never responds so we decide to just go there as we get there the owner is just sitting on a chair by the door chilling on his phone are you kidding me?? He didn't even have to decency to text back and ofcourse the ipad was not ready apparently they ordered the wrong part so 8 weeks they had it and it still isn't fixed this place is filled with a bunch of amateurs and we will never come here again or reccomend this place! DO NOT COME TO THIS PLACE!!!!! Very unprofessional and shady.
