4	This library is a hidden neighborhood gem! For years, people would tell me the library was "right behind McDonalds" and that threw me. It's not true. It's not behind McDonalds! Technically, it's not even behind Walgreens, but that would be closer. The trick is: from 7th St., you have to turn east onto Townley which is the street between the McDonalds and Walgreens and then... there it is on your left! A tiny little library. On my first visit I felt jilted by the apparently small selection but then I learned I could find any book I wanted on www.phxlib.org (even from home), ask for a hold on the book and have it transfered for me to pick up at Acacia. So, even if the book is not on the shelf, I can get it there! What more do you need? Same goes for the audiobooks and DVDs. And, speaking of what you can do online: all Phoenix library card holders can access online learning resources (I used to use Rosetta Stone. They've recently switched to Auralog which I haven't tried yet), databases and several subscription based resources (like Consumer Reports) for free from home!In the branch, they've recently added a birth to 5 area for toddlers, have lots of activities for teens (including a teen council) and from what I understand a remodel is in the works. Since the interior is a little dated, I'll save the 5th star for after the remodel but this place has everything you need!So, using a doubly appropriately cliche, when it comes to Acacia branch library, you can't judge a book by it's cover. (Sorry. I couldn't resist!)
4	I love this library for two very important reasons; free WiFi, Air Conditioning.I take my daughters to this location frequently, as there are plenty of in-house kids activities, plus we can check out movies and books for them, that I can still return when they're back home in CA.But the summers, when the girls are here for an extended stay, this is our home away from home.We will often ride our bikes down, and just hang out in the air conditioned comfort, playing games, or reading books. Sometimes the girls will do some computer-based activities, and I'll catch up on Facebook or Twitter, on my iPhone.One of the things I love about Phoenix area libraries is the Culture Pass; you "check out" a culture pass and get free tickets and admission to area museums, including the Heard, the Bead museum, etc.There is plenty of parking, and several bike racks available.Go and check it out!
4	This is the closest library to where I live but the selection inside is pretty dismal. It is a smaller library, so they have an even smaller selection of books. A while back this library seemed like it was going to close, so I signed a petition to keep it open. It must have worked, because it's still open and recently had some upgrades. Otherwise, it's an older brick building that's hidden away in a deteriorated neighborhood. I usually put the books I want on hold, so that when they arrive at the library I can go and pick them up in one swoop. I really like using the hold system online and feel like it's the easiest thing ever. I also like that they changed it recently, so now I can put 6 books on hold at a time - instead of just 3. I'm also grateful they are open until 7pm some nights, so I can go after work.
