5	About 2 years ago I had a pool installed, and have been taking care of it myself. When I noticed yellow algae , I purchased many cleaners to get rid of it, with no success.I phoned Leslie pools for help and Georgene Rowland called right back and agreed to meet me at the store. I know she spent a lot of time on my concerns before we even met. Another hour in the store testing my water and finding the best solutions. I am so grateful that she spent the time with me and I am now swimming in an algae free pool. Thanks Georgene
1	I'd give 0 stars if it would let me. One of the worst experiences ever. Scheduled an appointment 5 days earlier, earliest they had was Friday from 12 to 5. Took a day off and waited...and waited. 5:20 talked to service department, where I was told the technician was in route. 5:45 the technician calls and tells me that he has 45 more minutes on his current job and unfortunately ifs not going to be able to make it. I explained that I had taken the day off and waited all day with not even a phone call to tell me they were going to be late until 45 min after 5. The technician says that's not in his control, he doesn't make his schedule and can't look at the time all day to call people, he just noticed by chance. He blames call center for overbooking him. He says he is working the next day and could try and "squeeze me in". No way, I was skipped today, I should be first in the list. He says he can't do that because he has a schedule to follow. I called the service center back and said I wanted a manager, she says there is not one until Monday, I give her the service reference number and she puts me on hold, when she comes back she says she is transferring me to a manager....apparently the one that was not on duty until Monday...it gets picked up by voice mail...now I'm really angry. Leave a message, phone rings later by manager. She explains that she can put me on the schedule tomorrow from 8 to 12. No way an I wasting a Saturday I should be the 8:00. She says I would have to talk to the field manager, and she would have him call me.....still waiting!
3	REVIEW#700!!This is our local Leslie's location, Has most supplies and equipment you need. I'm not satisfied with the quality of their product. For the size of this place they do know how to pack it in. They have a lot of inventory, and it changes very often. They also offer free water test for your pool. Place isn't to bad, may be a little over price. But it is very convenient.
1	Customer Service is terrible. They care more about $$$$ and themselves then they do helping the customers. I am done shopping here after my experience today. Thanks for nothing.I will now purchase my pool supplies online or at Ace Hardware across the street.
