3	My first visit to a Tropical Smoothie Cafe. I ordered a Kiwi smoothie and it took 15 minutes to make it. I'm glad it wasn't busy. The smoothie was good. After I placed my order I saw a Peanut Butter / Chocolate and Banana smoothie. If I go back, I hope to try it.
2	Smoothies are good, but it seems that any time of day or night they only have one person making food, making smoothies, taking orders, and doing drive-thru.  Takes FOREVER to get anything!
4	I had a veggie wrap and a smoothie and they were very good. Quick and friendly service.
4	they have awesome smoothies.. that hits the spot... i always come by an get strawberry/kiwi smoothie after the gym... they got sandwiches an snacks so u can relex an munch on something.. they a lot of stuff u can pick from so come by an grab a smoothie!!
4	When I'm in the mood for a Smoothie, this is my 'go to' place.  It's in my neighborhood, so it's very convenient for me to get here.  My favorite Smooties are the Rockin' Raspberry (Raspberries, Strawberries, and Banana) or Paradise Point (Strawberries, Banana, and Pineapple).  I'll add a shot of protein in there for good measure, especially after a workout.The employees here are always friendly.  The only problem I have with the service is that it can take a while if it's very busy.  In those cases, I won't wait and just come back another time.Will I return?  Of course.
4	Love this place! And I absolutely love that they have a drive thru! My only peeve with this place is the employees. The ones I've encountered aren't so friendly.. But I love the smoothies!
4	I'm not even gonna lie: I love me some smoothies. I think smoothies combine all the deliciousness and healthy-ness of fruit, but it's in drinkable form! Win for easier consumption!I really like this place, and am currently in the process of trying every item on the menu. I don't have a favorite just yet (rather, they're all my favorite) but I'm sure I will once I've had all of them. They also have pretty tasty sandwiches, too. I've had a the one with pesto (I forget the name) a few times, and it's pretty good!My only complaint about this place is that I usually come a little before 8am on weekdays before work. Even when I'm the only one there, I have to wait too long to get my order out. I don't understand how it could take that long. I understand when places are packed, not so much when I'm the only customer.
1	If you sign up for the txt message alerts from tropical smoothie and take them here, this place always has some sort of condition on every single one and very poor customer service.
3	Tried their smoothies several times and several different flavors and I am not a fan.  I can make a better smoothie with my VitaMix!  I prefer Jamba Juice.  I do love their spinach wrap (Popeye's Favorite).  Have had it many times and it never disappoints.
1	If you ever get text message alerts from tropical smoothie, do not expect to redeem any sort of offer here. Every time I come in here there is always some reason why they can't accept it and it seems like the owners are just extremely cheap.
1	I've never received such bad service from anyone like I experienced from this store. I went in and order two smoothies plus a soda, and wraps.. The soda machine happened to be broken and instead of trying to help the me the manager and all employees were rude.. Making faces and giving attitude. I got a refund and left the store. I will not be returning to this store again.
2	Great prices for smoothies but THE LINE IN THE DRIVE THRU IS ABSOLUTELY SUPER SLOW! at this location or i'd give it a higher review.
4	The line is always a bit long, but I usually call ahead with my order and it's there waiting for me.
4	I come here pretty often since it's so close to my house. I love the tropi-colada! It's always crowded in here but they have a quick turn around with orders. I haven't tried the food here but it looks good!
5	I've always had great food and great service at this Tropical Smoothie location and I've been coming here for the past 6 years.  I moved to an office in Anthem a few years ago but would still come to the Cheyenne location if I'm in the area but they always remember who I am.  I just grabbed lunch from here a few minutes ago and was talking to Mike, the manager.  I get the same friendly service everytime I come here.My favorites are: chicken pesto flatbread and king Caesar wrap.  Smoothies: Paradise Point, Pineapple Delight, Strawberry Beach, Jetty Punch, Lean Machine and Peanut Paradise.It's healthy fast food that tastes awesome!
1	The employees at this location are horrible, on 3 different occasions I have walked into an empty store and stood there waiting for them to stop talking and do something and everytime I end up leaving because it is so irritating.
4	It's Tropical Smoothie, so the product is great and the prices are exactly what you expect.Helpful, friendly staff too!This location is set up kinda odd. This is not a lot of room to move around.Also, they have signs prominently displayed to address their VIP Card and Military Discount programs... so DON'T F Around!!!
1	Will NEVER go back to this location or any if the locations by this franchise owner. The girls forgot our order while we waited almost 40 minutes for our food. Customer service can be greatly improved and also the level of professionalism amongst the young teens working there. Pick up the pace, be aware, and stop texting, and actually smile!
5	If there are two things I love they are wraps and smoothies. If you crave either, for a chain restaurant, you can't do much better than this. The Buffalo Chicken Wrap is phenomenal. If you like spicy food then go for it. I also am a big fan of their King Caesar Wrap. As far as the smoothies go, you pretty much can't go wrong with whatever you pick. They have meal replacement smoothies, healthy smoothies, fruity smoothies, and dessert smoothies. You can add protein powder to any smoothie and a variety of other healthy stuff as well. Do yourself a favor and try one next time you get a chance.
4	Fast service considering the crowd that was there while I was. Just like any Tropical Smoothie location the drinks are delicious and reasonably priced.
3	Good smoothie, but needs more selection in my opinion. Decent pricing is a plus. Staff are okay to deal with, not very social or friendly, just kind of exist there. Will go back again if I have to.
2	This particular location doesn't offer extended hours like the other tropical smoothie cafes I am used to. They close at 7 which is prime dinner time. It makes no sense to me but they probably close early because they are in a typical 9-5 business center. The thing that disappoints me is that I work at the hospital just down the street and sometimes I get off late and just want a smoothie on the way home but can't because they are closed. Oh well!The staff is friendly here but the only complaint I have is that last time, I ordered a salad and made it a combo for an extra $3. I was expecting a smoothie with a bag of chips as the picture depicted but only got my smoothie and salad. I totally don't mind not getting the chips but when I asked the older asian lady that gave me my salad, she basically rushed me and was very stern in saying salads don't come with chips! I was a little offended but whatever. Like I said, I don't mind not getting it but she could have been a little nicer about it.
1	Horrible. Will never go back. Forgot our order. Asked for our money back after waiting and watching 3 people come in, order, and get food. They weren't busy tried to act like it wasnt their fault they forgot.refunded sandwiches and tried to make it seem like everything was ok bc we were getting smoothies as the sandwich add  on price. Terrible service. Didn't get the food so who knows if it would have been good.
1	Horrible service! I came in with my coupon I got from my email for a free bday smoothie. I had cut the coupon out and he had the nerve to keep arguing with me saying it was a copy. It was not a copy the printer I had used was running out of ink so it looked slightly distorted but you could still read all the information. I even opted to show him my email and told him if it really was a problem I would show up with a new printed one if it was that much of an issue and that I would email corporate sometime to just to prove my point that it is still valid. I don't know if this older ignorant man was the owner or manager but wow what a jerk off. I normal am not a confrontational person but this guys ignorance was just irritating and I hate when people assume things when they have no idea what they are talking about. In the end I got my free birthday smoothie...luckily the younger girl who works there was a lot more polite and I tipped her since she was the one who made the smoothie for me an apologized for her ignoranant manager she even had tried explaining to him that this was still good it just looked like that because it started to get low on ink.
2	This particular location seems to be more miss than hit.  It always takes awhile to receive orders when I've been to others and they seem much faster - as well as much nicer.  The employees at this location just don't seem to like anything they do.Quality is average - again, other locations just seem to have their S together.  I just happen to go to this one because it's close to the job.Coworker and I went one time and her drink came out with a crushed-in lid, causing it to spill when she grabbed it.  The people in the back were too concerned with other things when she requested TWICE to get something to assist in cleaning up.  Kind of rude.Lots of other places around the job that are closer and have the same type of food, but cheaper PLUS done right, so I probably won't return.
3	Bottom line - if you would like to receive your food in less than 10 minutes after ordering, it's best you NOT eat at this location.  The quality of food at this Tropical Smoothie is above average - it's good.  The presentation is nicely done. The food tastes good.  The owner - and wrap/sandwich maker - takes pride in putting the wraps and sandwiches together.  I will give him that.  I don't want to say that he is SLOW, but it is obvious that it's busy enough that there needs to be 2 to 3 additional food preparers.  I understand that the owner saves in operational costs by not hiring additional help, but the service suffers because of it.  After being disappointed on several occasions, I am finally deciding that I will not spend my time or money at this location.  I am bothered that he finds it acceptable to see customers wait 15 to 25 minutes.  At those waiting times, I might as well go to sit-down restaurant.Note:  The smoothies are prepared a bit faster.  There are typically 3 smoothie makers on staff.
5	I come hear at least once a week and I love it the service is great and the food is always fast :)
5	I am in love with Tropical Smoothie Cafe (especially this location)!  The owners are extremely nice and almost always there saying hello to their returning customers. The employees are very nice and the location is extremely clean. The food here is awesome too! I think their smoothies are amazing! I have tried about 9 different smoothies and can honestly say I liked them all. I am a very picky person when it comes to eating out, but I LOVE this place. The food is healthy and delicious and the place is immaculate. I couldn't dream of going anywhere else!
1	So so so slow.  Been in drive thru for 30 minutes.  With two cars in front of me.  Avoid this place at all costs if you are in a hurry.
2	Slow service!! Only 1 person in front of me and took 40 min to get my items! Flat bread was extremely soggy. Over priced macaroni salad in a small plastic container. My smoothie was watery. Overall I definitely had better at different locations.
3	This location is ok, I had a few friends that use to work here so I would always come often but since they left I feel like the service is slow & when I was in recently the guy that was working there who I believe is the owner was arguing and yelling back n forth with a customer who has been waiting for his food for almost 30 minutes & the owner would yell at him how he has to wait. I think that's rude and not a good look for him and his business.Other than that, the smoothies are great!
3	This is close to my home and makes for a nice default choice when I am craving something semi healthy or a smoothie. I generally opt for the Sunrise Sunset smoothie and one of their wraps. I find them highly overpriced for the quality of the food. The smoothies are fine, and it is nice to have some options with extra boosters as well. They are quick, the staff is generally nice and to the point. I think it is sheer convenience that has me coming back here when I need my smoothie fix or just want to trick myself into thinking that I am eating something healthy.
