5	Go see these guys if you would like to get some new wheels.  They do all kinds of stuff at a price that cant be beat!!
5	Just got new tires from these guys and are really good. I recommend you do as I did and check pricing because they came in with the best price and their service was great. I have a Lexus ls430 and needed 4 new tires, I purchased 4 falcon 225/55 R 18 v rated tires with a 60,000 mile warranty for $120 each. I checked Discount tire, Tire Works, Costco, Sears and Walmart and WC pricing beat them all. Thanks for the new tires!!! I recommend!
5	Thanks WC for being so great. As a female I have been treated like an idiot at every other tire and rim shop that I have gone to until I went to WC Motoring. They treated me like family and are amazing. I  Will continue to go to WC in the future.
5	Mike and the Staff are professional, informative, and patient. These guys are the best in Vegas period, hands down. I'm a returning customer so Mike surely took care of me again. I shop around for prices from several rim shops in Vegas and Mike's prices were the best. Not only were they the best, they had the best looking shop and  the most selection set of rims to look at. Thanks Mike and the Staff of WC Motoring for the Sick set up. See guys in a year for another set of fresh rims. TRUST ME, go to WC Motoring for your rims and you will not leave disappointed.
5	Brought my 2015 Tahoe here to get rims and tint. The guys here were extremely nice, knowledge, and patient. Picking $2500 rims and tires wasn't easy but Dre was very professional and helpful. I will indeed return to this place and forever recommend these guys to my friends and family. I couldn't be happier!!!
5	I needed wheels for my porsche and couldn't find them anywhere else or anyone else willing to help me.  These guys found the wheel I wanted and had them 2 days later installed on my car.  I'm super happy with their service and prices.  Please go give these guys a call if you're in the market for tires or wheels.
