1	Good God, this place is a mess.For those of you familiar with the Cosi chain, you probably are aware that their product and service has been gradually declining for years. The new Madison store is no exception.Lets recap my last 5 trips:1. Hooray!  Breakfast sandwich has all the ingredients!! Wow!2. Breakfast sandwich missing the ham I had ordered3. Breakfast sandwich missing the red peppers I had ordered4. Hooray!  Breakfast sandwich has all the ingredients!! Wow!5. Breakfast sandwich missing the cheese.  (And yes, I had ordered it with cheese.)And then there is the coup de grace... (meaning this is the death blow to me ever going there again.)My friend Mark gets a breakfast sandwich on his way to work.  He shows up at work all happy and ready to eat, only to find that his sandwich is missing....The EGG!!!I mean seriously, how do you miss the EGG of an "Omelet" sandwich?!?!Maybe the problem is everyone there is sleeping in the morning and they don't really get going until lunch and dinner?  Should I be skipping breakfast and walking over to Jo's (which, by the way has a much, much better breakfast sandwich?)Look, I don't really expect Cosi to taste great.  I don't expect much at ALL from Cosi.  But really, I DO expect them to make what I order.  Their food is OK, at best, and I'm OK with that.  I'll go to Soleil if I want flavorful food.  Cosi is simply convenient.If you're a gambler, go to Cosi.  You MIGHT get what you order, you might not.  What you won't get is good food.
3	While this place definitely isn't as good as Panera, I love their flatbread and salads.  Slightly pricey for "fast food" but the staff is SO nice and always seem like they are enjoying their jobs, something that is rare at a quick eats restaurant.  Just tried their new dinner meal pasta dishes, I wouldn't recommend them, stick with the soup/salad/sandwich menu.  All -in-all the staff is the thing that keeps me coming back.  I haven't tried breakfast - the other reviewer keeps having problems with his orders, I can't comment on that.  No problems at night!
3	Grade: CLunch was pretty good. The cashier may have been from another planet. I don't know what else to write.
3	The food is flavorful and the atmosphere distinctive... But even more distinctive is the thin, cracker-like "bread" they serve their sandwiches on. It's an interesting change of pace from a traditional sandwich, and you might like it, but I wasn't too impressed. But their smoothies are decent, and I like the fact that they offer a side of carrots as a healthy alternative to chips.
2	Although Cosi is close to my home I had not yet visited as I heard many not so fantastic things about this place.  To sum it up, "It isn't that bad."  My muffeleta sandwich included a gigantic handful of cold olives in the middle of my otherwise warm lunch, but my friend's salad seemed quite tasty. My bread was craggy and hard.  My side of carrots instead of chips were scary looking. (they looked like baby carrots that have been sitting in your fridge for 3 weeks) I may return, but not upon my own volition. Panera is better, way better. (2.5 stars)
3	I don't think is so bad. There's nothing to rave about, but I do like their flat-bread. The flat-bread sandwich is much better than the typical mid-west white sub buns. I think they are aiming for upscale, contemporary fast food, but the execution is mediocre and ambiguous. I can see why many people prefer other places with more definite local flares.
1	Stopped at  Cosi this afternoon, and was not impressed.  The store was extremely hot and uncomfortable, the food took FOREVER to get to the table (nearly 30 minutes).  That's too long to wait for a sandwich and small salad.  Staff spent a tremendous amount of time running around looking to deliver food to tables.  Won't go there again.
1	Worst service ever. Ran out of food not prepared to service any size crowd. I have been to others and this one needs new management. horrible !!!!!!
