4	This surprisingly upscale BYOB is more than worth the trip to St-Henri. The young owner who runs this amazing restaurant is one of the nicest people on the planet. The food is consistently excellent and their new chef is preparing wonders. The ambiance is warm yet cosmopolitan chic. Reservations are a must as this place is busy!
2	I've been here three times, and the staff has been great. Service is great. It's BYOW, so what's my problem??? I really want to like it, and I really want to support the St-Henri businesses, but unfortunately, all 3 times that I have been here, I found the food subpar.  The food has been more or less bland, and considering the prices, I wanted my seafood to be phenomenal, but it's always lacked pizazz. I've tried the Cod Balls, the Calamari, Grilled Salmon, Frittata, and the Piri-piri Chicken on my visits. The salmon was overdone, the frittata was ok, and the chicken was a bit dry. It was recommended to me originally by a couple that raved about the service and particularly the food, so I had to go and see what it was all about. They were right about the service, they were kind and courteous. The interior was very large, and the few times I have been there, it had been only partially full, so it was really noticeable how large the space was. It was because of that, that I didn't find the ambiance to be particularly warm or inviting. I'm sad to say it wasn't a hit for me.
2	I had my first experience at Bitoque last night and as Clare L. said below I have to agree. Its a great looking place, the staff is very nice and welcoming but the food is sub par. I mean the food was good but nothing really original or that I hadn't already had better somewhere else.  I'm aware that I might be jumping the gun and that I should give it another chance and I will. This is just my first impression of the place.
5	Loved my experience at Bitoque from start to finish! It is a place to sit linger and enjoy the event that dinner should be some nights!I ordered the lamb shank off of the table d'hote and it was fall-off-the bone delicious! I also tasted the piri-piri shrimp for the hors d'oeuvres and loved it!The staff was lovely, the owner came and spent time with us and refilled our glasses of water. He took us around to the special events room as well!Don't go here if you are in a rush, because its all about the experience here and it's not super quick. Last but not least I had the cheesecake for dessert which was incredible!
4	I really enjoy Bitoque. The food is quite decent. The ambiance is nice. The restaurant itself is lovely. The prices are very fair. And best of all... Bring your own wine! Add all this up and you have a pleasant evening that doesn't break the bank.
3	So this is what I like to call, your mom and pop's idea of a cool restaurant. It's not trying to be anything else but a place that is enjoyable and serves good food. I like to think of it as the upscale Saint Henri resto for the regular folk.The portion's are generous, the food is good and feels like its something I would get at my mom's house, you know, not to fancy. Is this making any sense? If your in between Atwater avenue and De Courcelle street and you don't have a reservation for the cool places go to Bitoque. Don't forget to bring your own wine! Have a nice meal and remember the wine can break or make the meal so pick wisely!This is a meat and seafood heavy menu!
4	Got an amazing assortment of Portuguese tapas for a very reasonable price. The atmosphere was inviting and though the place was packed, the service was excellent. The seafood was out of this world.
3	Worthwhile byob. Food was okay. Service wasn't great. But overall good experience. Slightly older crowd, but good for birthdays!
3	Nice atmosphere, service was good, food was average though. Not bad, but nothing special.
4	Let's start with the only bad point of the place: it can be long between your tapas, the meal, and the dessert. I don't know if it was the kitchen that didn't managed to supply to all the meals and plates during the evening, but we spent almost 4 hours in this restaurant for our entire meal! And with an energetic toddler, it can be sometime a pain in the ass, all the waiting...Yet, the server was amazing, courteous and polite. The entire food served was amazing: this restaurant' specialty is clearly seafood. We had a crisp and light fish'n'chips; fried calamaris; fried cod cakes; swordfish and veggies meal; shrimps and scallops risotto. I could go on and on with the enumeration of food we ate, but it was simply delicious, light, and stuffing! Since it's a 'bring your own wine' place, the bill at the end of the night is quite low for all the quality food we ate. It's just a nice restaurant in Saint-Henri to have, and I'm will gladly go back there for more!
2	Not sure what was going on but the we waited almost 2 hours between the tapas thy we orders as appetizers and our main meal. We were a group of 6 people. While the tapas were very tasty we were not taken care of at all by the waitstaff and when repeatedly asked when the food was coming our waiter told us it would be 5 or 6 minutes and it was at least 45 minutes. He told us that he didn't know when the food was coming out and didn't even apologize. The tables around us finished their entire meal before we even got our food. The manager didn't  come over to explain anything and we were basically left to fend for ourselves . Ok food, horrible horrible service.
5	I had my wedding reception (with 65 people) at Bitoque - it could not have been more lovely!Their Cave a Vins is charming, was beautifully decorated, has a piano, sound system, and a beautiful bar.The owner, Mr. Alves, and the waiters answered all of our questions (and we had a lot of them!) really patiently and kindly.There was plenty of room to dance.The food was mouth-watering, even the dessert was somehow more delicious than our $400 wedding cake. Overall, I can't find a single negative thing to say about the experience, even the price was exceptional.We only had to pay for the number of people who showed up and, of course, we even got to bring our own wine and beer which is what restaurants usually charge an arm and a leg for.In summary: generous and friendly staff, delicious food, lots of fun, and a perfect price to top it all off.Thank you, Bitoque!
4	Great bring your own wine.It's a great place for a simple night out with a good experience. Sometimes they get overwhelmed when there are too many patrons but you'll enjoy your time if you're in good company as the ambiance is warm and comfortable. It's never empty a good bet if you don't want to spend your last dollar. Especially compared to the other restaurants in the area.
