3	One of my favorite places to get a bagel. The crew was distracted, but polite. My food was well made, and the dining area was clean and orderly. Just what you crave downtown during rush hour!
1	Let me say that I normally only go here for an iced tea in the morning and sometimes the occasional bagel. This review is based solely off of the service. Why I put myself through the aggravation is simple- there is never a line. Why? Because the people are rude. I did order a bagel one morning and after I ordered one of the counter girls asked me from across the counter if I could hand her an orange juice. Weird, but I complied with the request. She then took it and drank it! Rude. She then kept wiping her forehead with her gloves on- health code violation. I went here this morning just for the iced tea. The cashier asked me what I wanted and I supplied my answer. If she would have smiled I think her face would have cracked. I said thank you at the end of my transaction and she did not reply. The rudest thing a person in the service industry could do is not say you're welcome when you are being thanked. If you hate your job it's not my problem. Go work somewhere else. The only reason they got one star is because, well basically you have to give them something. Plus I do like their iced tea.
5	Staff was efficient and very helpful.
4	I was very happy with my visit here the other morning! It's a cute little bagel shop with a modern, retro feel, a decent amount of seating (booths and tables), a clean, peaceful atmosphere and super friendly & quick service! Oh and they have restrooms, a necessity for us coffee guzzlers. ;-)I got the whole wheat bagel with maple walnut cream cheese on one side and bacon scallion on the other (since I had a terrible mental debate deciding between the two). A rather fine bagel I must say. Very wholesome. The maple walnut cream cheese is delicately sweet and has tiny walnut chunks in it, a pleasant surprise!The coconut coffee (a seasonal flavor) was deliciously flavored and was brewed pretty strong/dark, which I like. Perfect with some milk.1 star amiss just for the lack of coffee "condiments", and that the coffee isn't self-serve. Einstein Bros (around the corner) has all their coffee out on the bar so you can try every flavor and go back for seconds, along with spices for your tea and coffee. I would've loved to add some cinnamon and nutmeg to my coconut coffee (and refill it multiple times) at Bruegger's, but def not a big deal! I would so go back/recommend to all bagel lovers! A great, fairly inexpensive ($1.70 for coffee in your own thermos) place for breakfast/lunch with friends or even your jolly 'ol self.
4	I LOVE the food.. if they can get your order right, the food is awesome.  They have menu items that you can choose from, or you can build your own- which is great, but I would suggest going with something on the menu for your first couple of times, so you can get a taste for what you like there.  The problem is, even with the stuff on the menu, getting an order that is right is difficult.. I can't tell you how many times I've left there with something that was NOT what I ordered.  Regardless, it's not going to keep me from going there.  I love Brueggers, and even when they mess up my order, it's still pretty good ;)
2	I stopped going to Bruegger's a few years ago, because of service issues. I found Einstein's Market Square to have much better service, but I still prefer the bagels at Bruegger's. I stop at the McKnight Road store once in a while, but hadn't been to the Market Square Bruegger's in years. Today I thought I'd give them a try. The man behind the counter took my order and I paid for it. I waited, then someone behind me got their sandwich ahead of me. When I asked, the man was all confused. They always screw up my order somehow. I AM NEVER GOING TO THE MARKET SQUARE BRUEGGER'S AGAIN!
5	I will say, that in the last few weeks (I eat there a lot........) Brueggers has stepped up their game.  All of my orders have been exactly how I ordered them (yes, I said it) and even when there's a long line, the wait is minimal.  Thanks Brueggers, for making your service as good as your food.. finally! :)
2	I've been loyally eating brueggers bagels since I moved to Pittsburgh, but in the last few months service has plummeted. I wait for at least 15 min when there is one person in front of me, and nobody seems to know what is going on. I'm very disappointed and will likely be converting to Einstein
