3	Hungry and short on time? Panda Express might fit your bill.We were staying at Red Rock, and decided to take advantage of their food court. From our hotel room, it was a bit of a haul to get to, but otherwise was pretty convenient, with the usual gamut of chain restaurants - like a Panda Express.Got two combination plates (and some wontons) to go: a plate of fried rice with orange chicken and Beijing beef (not that good), and a plate of with chow mein (those noodles are wayyyy better than I remember) with mushroom chicken and broccoli beef.We feasted on the Americanized Chinese grub in our room - there were no leftovers. Sometimes all you need is slightly-pricey, greasy food to keep you fed, and Panda served.
4	I will avoid commenting on the food because everyone knows what their getting when heading to Panda. What shines are at the Red Rock location is the freshness of their entrees. While taking in a snack at 8pm, I noticed the servers changing every single entree in the service line. Very comforting to a minor germophobe.
4	Good food for the price! Fresh veggies!
3	If you're a local, and going to the Red Rock to see a movie, and just want or crave this, it's okay.If you're a tourist visiting, I'd say "c'mon, you can do better than this!" not to disparage the quality of the Panda Express franchise, but it's a chain fast food restaurant that isn't that cheap.  Your all-in price with a drink is going to be around $10.Spend a few more bucks within the Red Rock Casino and you can get into the buffet which has the same Chinese food, and greater diversity without limit (all you can eat and drink).  Also, the cafe in the Red Rock has deals like a T-Bone steak for $10.However, if you like reliable, consistent Chinese food, and like Panda Express, this is going to be a predictable experience that won't wow nor disappoint you, just deliver what you come to expect.It's a good clean spot, with nice service, so no knock on Panda Express at all.
3	You want real Chinese food?  Go to China.  On second thought, that might be a little too exotic for the faint at heart.  In which case, what you want is the American version of Chinese food.  So if you find yourself at Red Rock on a Wednesday evening and stop hitting "Repeat Bet" long enough to realize you're hungry, a trip to the food court may be in order.  And that's when, faced with an array of less-than-exciting choices, you could decide to dig in to Panda Express's offerings.Sure, you could pay a few more bucks and get the same - or better - quality Chinese food at the buffet, but then you'll pig out and hate yourself in the morning.  Or sooner.  While Panda is overpriced for what you get (Note:  most of the food court places seem to have raised their prices recently), you can choose to eat less of it.I used to order the two-item combo plate, but it really was too much food for me, so I've switched to the bowl.  Last time I got a new item - Angus steak and shrimp - and it was actually pretty good, though I didn't notice that it was a buck extra because of the shrimp.  So that little bowl of food - with way too much rice, but enough of the main, was over $8 with the tax. Still, it was a passable alternative to starvation, and the diversion actually saved me a few bucks at the machines.
3	Great thing about PE is that the taste of the food is usually the same. For the amount of food and price, you really get what you pay for. I love getting half noodles and half rice, with orange chicken and kung pao chicken.
3	This Panda Express in located in the food court at Red Rock Station. If I come here during the week I have a better chance of getting a table to eat at. The tables are clean which is a plus. The soda here is a decent size compared to the other food court places and they give free refills. This time I had Beijing Beef, Shanghai Angus Steak, and half rice, half noodles. My wife happily ate the mushrooms from my angus steak and I had a tasty, average dinner. Just what I expected from Panda! After a movie or bingo this hits the spot.
1	Good food as always! But in this location the quantity of food is just ridiculous! $1.25 more for a honey walnut shrimp, they gave us 5pcs of shrimp!!! The server even want to remove another shrimp from the plate. lol avoid this place if you can!
2	I was really disappointed with the food I've gotten.Since I didn't get the usual popcorn during my movie that afternoon, I opted out on getting Panda Express. It was a Tuesday evening. Not so busy at the food court at all.So I got my food for carry out just in case. I came with my friends and they ordered at other food restaurants and we decided to eat at the tables.I got the 2-entree plate for to-go, brown rice for my side, Mixed Veggies and Sweetfire Chicken Breast for my entrees and 2 spring egg rolls.We all sat down to eat.Right when I opened my box, I already knew my meal was going to be bad. My rice looked so dry. I don't think it was even cooked at all. The manager was keeping an eye on me at my table hoping I wouldn't go back up there and complain. She kept eyeing me while I was eating. Couldn't finish my meal with such poor rice quality. They didn't cook it with enough water. I was really disappointed.I was shaking this off but knowing that a manager made my order, hoping I would go home not noticing the brown rice before I get home, really made me mad about that. She doesn't care about quality. I hope she does a better job.
