5	I feel like The Edinburgh International Festival is the more sensible, quietly confident and unassuming, but still amazing element of the Edinburgh festival as a whole. The International Festival, which runs from the middle of August to the first week of September, features a carefully picked array of opera, dance, theatre and music originating from countries around the globe. The programme is consistently made up of quality performers, artists and companies, and is a brilliant fusion of Scottish and international culture and flavour, with enough variety to suit every potential spectator. The Edinburgh International Festival was the original Edinburgh festival, founded in 1947, and it was the inspiration and success of the International Festival that has caused the other festivals which now feature alongside it to flourish so immensely.
5	Oddly enough now far more low-profile than the Fringe, the "proper" festival does benefit from a lack of association with the horrendous street "entertainers" that litter the streets in August, and doesn't look to be edgy or push the boundaries of taste in order to grab headlines. Cheryl's right when she describes it as self-assured, and many of the performances attract the kind of people who also fit that bracket. 40 something, successful, and far more comfortable in their own skin than the 25 year olds with new romantic haircuts who favour The Fringe's more obscure offerings. Elegant, Upmarket, and decidedly up it's own arse, I don't yet fit the target demographic, but when I do, I'll be at the front of the queue with my gold card and smug, shit-eating grin.
4	I guess the main difference between the Fringe and the Edinburgh International Festival is the fact that the latter is much more "highbrow" (not a term I'm fond of), while the Fringe is assuredly anything-goes. Previous reviewers were right in stating that though the Fringe started off as a reaction to the Edinburgh International Festival, it's pretty much taken its stand in the spotlight and isn't budging anytime soon.Sadly, the music listings in the EIF for this year are replete with shows that I sincerely don't plan on attending. Because I like to dance, and I'd bet my left hand that there won't be a single person boogeying to the Scottish Chamber Orchestra or the Sacred Music from Lisbon to Rio de Janeiro. In any case, it's vital part of the whole Edinburgh festival malarkey, and I am definitely planning on going to see the dance troupe Grupo Corpo at some point during this festival.
