2	This is the McDonald's on the corner of 19th ave and Bell Rd. Even remodeled, it still looks dirty. It has always looked dirty in the 10 years I have driven past it and occasionally gone inside. There are always some sketchy looking characters loitering around too. It's right next to and across from some of the busiest bus stops in town, so it does have the convenience factor.The last time I got a Big Mac and fries, it was not fresh.I never thought I would say this, but if you want a better McDonald's, just go into Wal-Mart right behind and try their McDonald's.
2	I goto McD's twice a year. Shamrock shake and McRib. This year I added a 3rd trip during the BOGO offer for the new Quarter Pounders.Drive thru here offers two lanes to order that converge into one for pickup. Drivers beware. Many drivers leaving the DriveThru also U-turn into the parking area on the East side, so it's probably not a great place to park - and you take your life into your hands if you are trying to leave the Wal-mart via that passageway.We found the new habanero QP to be fairly tasty, with a giant slice of tomato and the sauce was actually decent, with some spice to it. Not hot, but hotter than I expected from McD. I was gonna give them 3 stars for the fact that I was pleasantly sursprised.Then, I remembered that my previous trip here they didn't have shamrock shakes. They were out. Like 3 days into the limited time promotion. Back to two stars.
4	As far as a McDonald's this close to a Wal-Mart goes. I was actually kind of impressed with how well kept it was. Comparatively speaking...I had some time to kill before an appointment so I sat down with my laptop and had a coffee. There were tables with power outlets available specifically for customer use and the free wifi was nice.This is McDonald's we're talking about here. They get 4 stars because my expectations were very low and they actually managed to impress me quite a bit during my short visit.
2	I went through the drive through at 1:15 am and drove away with my food at 1:50 am, no joke. It would have been faster to park and walk into the Walmart McDonald's.
1	THE WORST MCDONALDS IN PHOENIX, THIS MCDONALDS SHOULD BE shut down and closed.  THERE ARE FLIES EVERYWHERE, all over walls, kitchen, counter, tables,  they are on the food, food not cooked well at here at all.  HOMELESS TRANSIENTS   follow you in the bathrooms, and, the HOMELESS take baths in the sinks, sleep outside and hang around.  THIS is near a horse track, and should not have been builtat all.
1	I really don't understand this McDonald's... This is the closest McDonald's to my house without having to get out of my car at Walmart... But let me tell you!! Probably one of the worst McDonald's I've ever been to as far as customer service and overall service.. They're never on time, my fries are always weak and if I order a large they never give me a large serving.. Always a medium serving in a large container... Its safe to say I'll be using the Walmart McDonald's or take the extended drive to another location..
