5	Happened to be in town when this store opened! They had some free samples of cookies and bread. Produce looked so fresh and marked clearly if organic. Huge selection of healthy foods, gluten-free, vegan etc. Pet section too! Very friendly staff. Clean and inviting store. Wish we had one in NC! Great location in shopping strip.
5	Fresher produce than F&E, less expensive than WF! When I can get away with two grocery bags filled and spend less than $50 that's great!  Meat and produce fresh..local sourced. .organic...just like the Sprouts in Tropicana except this place is a bit smaller. Layout is the same as well.  Usually I need to make two grocery stops to get what I need but they have everything I usually buy all in one stop.  It's crazy busy but sales staff was fast and efficient. . got what I wanted and was outta there in no time.  Happy Sprouts is finally here in my hood!
5	I have to say that I was a little hesitant stepping foot in here because of a bad experience I had at the Tropicana and Pecos location. But I decided to give it a go anyway and glad that I did.I was shocked when I saw it was actually in the old Long's Drugstore location and not the old Wild Oats location that I was originally thinking. I thought taking over the old Wild Oats would be ideal based upon similarity, but I guess they thought otherwise.I walked in the door and was like whoa! Now I see what Sprouts fans in California are talking about. Totally different atmosphere from the ghetto Tropicana location and the W. Flamingo location. It was so clean and inviting, I felt like I was in my old Wild Oats store that used to live next door.All of the selections they had can be found at the Tropicana location but they have even more. The upscale feel of the place was so inviting and comfortable, I didn't want to leave, despite the place being an absolute madhouse! No matter where I went, I always seemed to be in someone's way. Frustrating! With every department I visited, I was stopped by an employee greeting me and asking if I needed assistance. What a far cry from the dingy, dirty, unwelcoming Tropicana location. When I got in line to check out, I had way more items in my basket than I have ever had at a Sprouts, and that's even dating back to when they were Sunflower Market. I think it was due to being so comfortable while shopping there. I was so happy with my experience, I told the cashier and bagger that they were all doing an amazing job and to keep it up, because I had written them off due to the Tropicana location and their poor excuse for customer service. I kid you not, it's like they're not even related!I truly hope this one wasn't so pleasant because it is so new, so everyone has been programmed to be on their best behavior. But I would have to guess that this location will remain this way because of its very location. Better side of town. Sorry I have to sound like that, and you truly don't have to behave and operate based upon your location, but the Tropicana store does. They should consider bringing a majority of their staff here to learn how a Sprouts should be operated.I will be back here again and again and again!
4	I'd never been to a Sprouts prior to this one opening on Stephanie but I'm *almost* hooked now. Much closer to me than Trader Joe's, I have a feeling this will become one of my favorite shopping spots. This location is new, clean, and amazingly organized! I love the selection (and prices) of fresh produce. I like the Boar's Head deli selection. And the bulk section is huge with a ton of awesome options. Of course, being so new there are still a few kinks that need to be worked out. At busy times the deli counter seems like a bit of a cluster. One of the cashiers took FOR. FREAKING. EVER. to bag our groceries, carefully plotting which items would be bagged together. I appreciate the thoughtfulness of this but it needs to be a speedier process. Also, it was hell moving through the produce section between all the customers shopping and employees restocking. Welcome to the neighborhood, Sprouts! I will be back often!
4	Glad to see Henderson area catching up with the rest of the world. A bit pricey, but the BLUE CHEESE BACON POTATO SALAD IS THE BEST EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just opened so it's a bit crowded and have patience with the new checkers. The DELI COUNTER NEEDS HELP. The wait was almost 15 minutes. Lots of deli pre-packed though. CLEAN and FRIENDLY
1	I was leaving the store and one of the workers said I couldn't be let out of the left side doors coming from the checkout lanes. So no worries I walked to the other side doors to find out that they where locked too. Now I was pissed because I have to go back wait for someone to notice me so I can get let out. With two bags and a gallon of milk. Finally when I get noticed I ask if I can please go out the other doors (because it is a little bit closer to my car because I was parked at Lane Bryant) I get the cold shoulder and told to have a nice day. FU!
5	I shopped at the store on Trop and wanted to try the new one. It was jammed packed on a Saturday, BOGO's on a lot of items and it just opening I'm sure. They seemed to have more to offer, I saw a sushi station in the deli. I really like sprouts and will continue to shop here. Some of the prices are a bit high( Boars Head meats) but I am impressed with their produce and other organic options. If you enjoy the other healthier grocery stores give Sprouts a try, you won't be let down.
5	I go to the sprouts on Tropicana and Pecos all the time.  First time at the Henderson store on Stephanie and Warm Springs.  Here are a few pointers:a. Whole Earth - I do find myself getting quite picky at Whole Earth because of the darn expensive pricing that is so over the top! Both organic and also grass fed beef!b.  Fresh and Easy - Like their prices, yet their selection is awfully limited.  No grass fed beef.c.  Trader Joe's - Like their prices and their selection is also limited. Between Fresh and Easy and Trader Joe's I can usually find what I want. I have tried several times to find grass fed beef. they have the organic beef, but I haven't seen grass fed beef. Sprouts !Great veggie and fruit selection.Great meat selection and a meat counter. Small but decent amount of Grass Fed Beef.Prices are very decent.Great prepared food section!Plenty of nuts and seed in bulkA ton of nutritional supplements and pharmacy type items Excellent serviceGreat value!Everything about this place, I really enjoy.  when the Green Valley Store opens up, i will be going there a lot.
2	Located on the Corner of Stephanie and Warm springs is Sprouts.First of all,packed parking lot.packed. Tons of people.Tons of people with their terrible driving and parking skills.It's so funny to me that the people who shop here, you know, the ones that are sooooooo totes compassionate about the earth, and whatever else they talk about...are complete jerks.You get in, and about 90% of the people think that this is their own personal store. Carts not pulled close to them, so like...when I want to look at cheese, I have to try and move myself, along with my cart (because it has my daughter in it) and try to squeeze between this person and their cart. And do they move it...? NO.Only one staff member even looked at me while I was there, when I asked where their juice selection was.... There, I found juices, that were mostly from "concentrate". What happened to just regular old juice? So, I pick my concentrated juice, ($5) and keep on looking. They did have okay selection of produce, but like another reviewer said, there is only one table that has all the green organic stickers on it. I did find a decent selection of bell peppers. But other than that, I just still feel that this place is too over priced. I mean, they want almost $7 for white vinegar. So, if your kids have the volcano baking soda science project, don't come here. Go anywhere else normal, and spend $2 for the exact same thing. 32 items comes to $100. So, about $3.12 an item. I just don't find that these prices, mixed in with the crowd, and the unfriendly staff really go together. That's just my opinion.
5	I usually shop at the sprouts on Rainbow but I stopped into this new location while I was in the area and I was in ' luh-uv' the minute I walked in. It's just so new and updated with a much better feel than any other sprouts in town. I am actually sad that I live so far away because I'd prefer to shop at this one. I always get this very zen, fluttery- heart feeling every time I walk into whole paycheck and this gave me the exact same reaction buuud it's cheaper-BONUS! If you've never considered shopping here, I really don't know why. The meats and veggies are a good price for great quality. The produce section was super attractive and I could have spent the entire day grabbing everything. I grabbed some meat which the family said was so fresh and delicious and the shelves carry a diverse selection of organic items. (I'm a fan) The staff was friendly and asked me many times if I was finding everything ok, My cashier was a little slow, but she totally admitted it when I checked out and being that it's new with new employees I'm not gonna be a total dick to complain about it. My only downside with any sprouts anywhere is the amount of rude people it attracts. I swear it never fails, no matter what location I shop at is it littered with people who believe that they are like the only ones who are visible in that store. They don't move for you, they have no courtesy what-so-ever. It's a very manner -less crowd and I can't for the life of me figure out WHY. It's such a sprouts thing, I don't feel that way when I shop at a Trader Joe's or Whole Foods.  As luck would have it, it wasn't to busy that day. There were quite a few people shopping and of coarse it wasn't without it's "privileged shoppers" [insert eye roll]  but I'm there for the quality and wholeness it offers! I'm giving this location 5 stars because it deserves it. It really is the best location in town, so local shoppers be sure you're taking advantage. Those who aren't close enough are jealous!
4	Since it's located next to Total Wine, that makes it very convenient for me.  Parking here near the store is somewhat limited.  Or maybe it's just because they have been busy since the doors opened.  The store is filled with many organic and natural products.  They have a great selection of produce.  Always looks fresh and lovely!  The store is kept clean and organized.  I love their bulk section of dried fruits and nuts.  Pricing is reasonable with a huge variety.  Checkouts... Ugh.  I still don't receive great service here.  I seem to always choose the slowest cashier who left her personality at home.  I hope this changes in the future.  I can't do my entire grocery shopping here but I can always find something special.  :-)
4	This is my dream store, they have great sales, and carry every herb, vitamin, & supplement you could possibly imagine. On the downside, they are pricier than other markets- but for obvious reasons. I wish I could shop here every day.
4	Good nice grocery  store with regular and organic food items. I enjoy getting the basics like milk yogurt fresh fruits when in season and some other items that may look good that I may wanna try. Always good to try.
5	This is probably the best grocery store I have ever been to. The meat, fish, and produce selections are fresh and wonderful. The canned goods are of good quality, and even the dairy section is stocked with organic options, and even non-dairy options.I personally find the produce her of top quality and a reasonable price. I used to ship at whole foods, and literally cut my grocery bill by 2/3 because of sprouts. The parking can be packed, as it is a shared parking lot, but the quality of the food is worth the parking issues.Does the store have the occasional individual who believes he or she is better than everyone else? Yes, but I can't fault sprouts for individual behavioral shortcomings. Going on Wednesdays and Thursday during the week, or early in the morning, is literally the best way to shop, as weekends can get busy pretty quickly. Happy shopping!!!
5	Love this place! Much better than Fresh and Easy, a little less cheaper than Whole Foods!The store is very clean and organized!Cashiers and workers are helpful and kind!Sprouts provides fresh produce including fruits, vegetables, meats, seafood, baked goods, nuts, and grains! They also have a deli section-- providing a quick sandwich for lunch, if desired! Also lots of natural, organic, and gluten-free groceries to choose from!None food related items they have are beer, wine, supplements and vitamins!They have monthly deals and coupon books! Great place to definitely check out!
5	Best prices on fish in Las Vegas. Mostly previously frozen, buy looks better than the fresh fish in any other store. They run special discount on 2 different types weekly.  Swordfish at $5.99 a lb. Same salmon. Tilapia is $4.99. Since I'm only 2 miles away I'll buy the fish that is only on sale 2 times a week.  Peaches on sale at 99 cents for a week then $1.99 after the sale. Very fresh everything ++. I never buy organic,  but they have it in spades. Employees service is fantastic.
5	Glad to see more and more Sprouts stores opening up here in Las Vegas. This one is clean and well organized like the others. They display their products well, especially the produce which is excellent. I always come out with more than I went in for because I always find something new.
4	I'm so glad they finally opened a Sprouts in Henderson!  What a great little store!  The prices are cheaper than Whole Foods and the selection is a little better on most things.  I don't know why they didn't make it a little bigger, because it is always packed and there isn't a whole lot of room to navigate the store.  I love the fact the deli carries Boar's Head brand meats/cheeses.  However, they don't carry the Italian Roast Beef, so I still have to go to Smith's for it and a few other items.  But the produce is amazing and reasonable.  The staff is very friendly and attentive.
2	Inventory is great but the morning management isn't.  Today at 9:50 am, they assign the slowest cashier I have ever encountered in charge of the EXPRESS LINE (15 items or less) .  The other cashier's with baskets full of items were jamming while this cashier was stuck on the same customer.  People walked out and eventually I joined them.  Other employees were walking by looking at this older gentlemen and nobody lent a hand.  Maybe those 3 employees weren't cross trained as cashiers so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt.If you do frequent this store I say  it's best to do it towards the evening.
1	I have now been in Spouts a total of 3 times.  Each time I have been in there, the pricing does not match the specials on several items.  The last time I went there, I told the cashier that 2 items were not priced correctly (one item that I purchased and one item that I didn't).  She just looked at me and says "it happens" and didn't change the pricing on the item I did buy to the correct price or offer the item free as many stores do.  She simply didn't care.  I did mention to her that stores get fined for not having their pricing correct.  She still didn't care.  I have now contacted The Nevada Consumer Affairs to alert them to this problem since the store employees don't seem to care.And finally, the last trip my wife made to this store, they over charged her ATM by $20.  The bill should have been only for $22 and then the charge came thru as $42.  It appears that the cashier somehow was able to take cash back on the transaction and pocket the money.I'm really disappointed with this store and won't be going back.
4	Love this new store here in Henderson. From the great selection of produce, the Boars Head deli counter and fresh sushi bar, its a hit on all cylinders. The only reason I don't give 5 stars is the fact that whenever I go in and ask for something (like Calamari Steaks) I am told they will be in on the next shipment and almost without fail, I return to purchase the item and am told "I don't know, the next shipment is .... whatever day"  The cashiers are fast and friendly, the people in the produce and bulk are always helpful and the meat counter crew is great as well.. We stopped shopping at Whole Foods because the employees were snobs and the prices were too high. I am really glad this store opened up in the neighborhood.
5	The staff is super helpful and friendly. The produce is first rate. I buy organic and I love their stuff. They have alot of sales. I also buy the rotisserie chicken, which is excellent. Great!
5	The service is awesome! I can always find what I need and everyone is very friendly and helpful.
5	Sprouts is our main grocery store due to the fact that very few stores have such a large and CHEAP selection of Vegan and organic food. Very nice employees and a really clean store. Their veggies and fruits have so far been a very good selection and definitely love the Vegan choices they have here!
5	Their products are excellent and the customer service is great.  I really love their deli roast chickens.  Every time I get one they are so well cooked that the meat is falling off the bone.  After shopping here a few times, I don't ever want to shop anywhere else for groceries!
4	I love everything about it except the prices.  Wish great and healthy food didn't come with huge prices.
4	Great addition to the Galleria Mall area shopping!Sprouts is a slightly more exclusive and more expensive Fresh & Easy. Loads of organic-y goods and also regular type foodstuffs (I enjoy their kettle chip selection).Convenient location and they have a coupon book!Wednesdays are double ad days, reap the benefits of 2 ads on the same day!
3	Was very excited when they moved right next to us. Enjoyed the first few trips but now on my last two i have had to return items; first was the rotten chicken and next was the slimy lettuce. Please get back to providing us with more fresh items and please use the FIFO method as i feel new items get buried behind old items. They are very easy to deal with however when returning items but keep your receipts and check dates!
4	Thanksgiving Eve I enjoy creating fresh floral arrangements for my home! As the produce is always so fresh I didn't hesitate selecting two bunches of premium mixed flowers. What appeared to be lovely fresh materials to create with ended up being about half garbage! Black wilted leaves droopy heads, broken stems! An attempt to make it right by replacing not and an offer to also reimburse only one but two bouquets as well as the cost of one was offered by the manager on duty. The two replacements were fine. But when hubby arrived no refund was granted. I really didn't mind as I managed to create lovely arrangements. What I did mind was how quickly the flowers faded!  I've had clearance bouquets at next to nothing from Smiths last longer.  I realize this is a first year for this Sprouts to be in business, I'm hoping that ones word is good as gold and that freshness becomes a priority for flowers too!!! Yes I was generous with 4 stars as the over all rating for my two shopping experiences warrants it overall!
3	I like this location quite a bit. I like the bulk selection too, the milk chocolate covered honey combs are friggin awesome. Basically, all of the bulk items are pretty good. I also like the produce choices too. Fresh and good choices. I don't care for the butcher. At all. 3 times I have bought meat/chicken from them and let's just say it was not good. I also love that they are next to Total Wine...total plus.
5	Always clean and friendly staff.Most of the employees are really cool and se to like being in the atmosphere and have great personalities.
4	I'm a fan of this super cute and clean little market! I'd describe it as a cross between Trader Joe's and Whole Foods -- you get the fancier organic and healthy goods (think vitamins, protein powder, coconut oil, fresh wheatgrass and the like) but without the huge sticker shock of Whole Foods. The deli counter has premium Boars Head meats and cheeses which is a huge plus. I really love the oversized self-serve bins of nuts, unsweetened coconut, chia seeds and chocolates because I can buy one tiny scoop or a giant bag full depending on what I need. There's also a small selection of sugar free candy too! Check out the area in the back by the restrooms and you'll find a small section of clearance items. Great bargains can be found there!
5	I love this store!!  The produce is always so fresh and attractive looking.  They have some great deals and the staff are always friendly and helpful.  They have even put up with me when a couple of times I ran kind of late at night doing my shopping because there is so much to see!!  parking is right out front, great hours!  During the hot summer months, they even offered free small ice packs to keep my groceries cold on the drive home!!
5	Yes, finally a henderson SPROUTS :)Cross between a small whole foods & Trader Joes gourmet feel, I'm pleased to have Fresh fruits and vegetables in the dessert
