4	I typically go to Las Vegas anywhere from 3 to 10 times a year.  Needless to say, I am pretty tired of every casino's restaurant.  I think they have trended to charging gourmet prices for so-so fare.  Plus, the casino restaurants are always jammed packed.Having said that, I have been taking my chances away from the casinos and have been very pleased thus far.I found La Scala via Opentable and went there for this last Christmas.The place itself is not the fanciest, but the decor is very nice.  It has a very relaxed atmosphere.  The tables are spread out and is not packed to the gills.  The wait staff are helpful and keep the drinks filled.The food was excellent.  Pasta... al dente.  Portions might be considered a little small, but I think most appetites would be fine.  It is probably the case that it would not taste as good if the portions were "Buca de Pepo" size.  If you have picky pasta eaters, I think you are safe here.Be sure to save room for dessert if there are any dessert lovers in your party.  I myself am not too much into sweets, but I appreciated the pyramid cake that we split.The wine list was fairly extensive.  While I do not think there was a sommelier on hand, the waiter knew the wines well enough to help me out.  I enjoy wine quite a bit, but am no expert by any means.  I depend on the staff to know their wine, so I do not like it when they are not ready with a recommendation.As an aside, they actually carry some decent tea if you are a tea drinker.  I cannot remember the brand, but as a guy who appreciates a little Taylors of Harrogate at work, I can say that the English Breakfast Tea was quite acceptable, unlike some of the finer restaurants I have been to that serve Sir Lipton's bitter tea.So, if you need a place to chill out and have some decent food, this is your place.  It is only a few minutes away from the Strip.  Also, be sure to have directions handy if you are taking a cab, since it seems like not too many cab drivers know about this place.
5	I've lived in Las Vegas since August 1993 and this is by far one of my favorite restaurants.  My fiance and I dine there at least once a month.  We discovered the place 2 years ago based on a referral from a colleague at work.  It was one of the best recommendations.  The restaurant is located in a tough to find area if you are not familiar with Las Vegas, but it is worth the effort.  The room is small relative to most of the newer restaurants you see being built, but that is what makes the place special.  You feel like you are getting the attention you deserve.  The Executive Chef/Owner, Roberto, is always around and personally checks on you during your dinner.  The food is excellent, I would recommend the Gnocchi, Escargot, and Lamb.  Those are our personal favorites.  The wine selection is pretty good and pairs up with the meals well.  We hope everyone else enjoys it as much as we do.
5	Love this place!!! If you like intimate and Italian this is your place!! Great variety!! Had a tasting menu when I was there a couple weeks ago and was treated like a queen!! Great wine by the glass list too!! :-)
5	Very traditional italian food. The flavors were just right and not overpowering like Casa di Amore. Also the restaurant only had a few other patrons inside which made it a very comfortable atmosphere. They were flexible with the menu items, probably because it wasn;t packed.The service was also excellent. They were extremely friendly and knowledgeable of the menu and wines.I recommend the osso bucco. There was a generous portion of meat around the bone and was very tender. We had it served with gnocchi which was extremely tender as well...not chewy like I've had before. I ordered the risotto which had other seafood besides the lobster. as stated in the menu We had the lobster bisque and beef carpaccio for appetizers topped off with a bottle of Penfolds shiraz.We are defintely coming back again and again and bringing friends.
5	We are very lucky to be living so close to this restaurant. Chef Roberto is a chef' s chef, and supplies much of the veal to the Strip restaurants. This didn't surprise me considering our recent conversation about his willingness to drive for hours to get great produce. You can get veal prepared any way you chose including Veal Chops, and Porterhouse. Fresh top quality ingredients cooked to perfection. The sauces are spectacular - Venison Wellington (great) - Ahi salad ..mmm good . Service is also great, and the waiters all take great pride in service. The ambiance is elegant, and you almost always spot politicians, and celebrities there. I send all my out of town guests there, and all return with favorable comments.
4	While I'm always reluctant to hand out 4-stars for Italian, (because there are just so many out there), I have to think back on our last visit a few months ago. My wife joined me for a trade show, and we ended up here for dinner, based on a goggle search. I've been coming to LV for one reason or another since 1969. I consider myself a semi-local, and stay away from the strip whenever possible. So I do have a "black book" of off-strip restaurants that I frequent. I've just added La Scala to my list. Yes, it's in an older part of town, at the bottom of a condo-apt. multi-story building. But once you walk in, you'll find a comfortable, traditional Italian ambiance, starting with everything draped in red! We were "the only ones in the place." And every thing you other reviewers said is consistent. "Old school waiter from Europe"... owner in the kitchen, walking out front every now and then, best gnocci we've tasted recently, and although I can't remember what we ordered for dessert....... it was very good.I only hope my return visits are as good as our first visit.
5	My wife treated me to dinner here tonight. It was a first for both of us. The food was incredible. We started with the Burrata Ravioli which was fantastic! Made from home made pasta and the Burrata was from a great Italian cheesemaker in LA. The chop salad "La Scala" was tasty and then it was turn for our main courses. She had the veal scallopine which was good (not special) and I had the Cornish Game hen which was fantastic and served flaming! It was like an Italian Coq Au Vin. We were recommended a great light red wine to compliment our meals and the dessert topped it off nicely when combined with the fanstastic Espresso Martini. It was like an iced espresso with boooze! Very refreshing.  If you are a tourist, I say to you "Screw any Italian restaurant on the strip and rush here!", if you are a local I say "Screw any Italian restaurant and rush here!"! :)It is somewhat pricey-most items $22 to $32. With a couple appetizers , cocktails, moderately priced wine and share a dessert and you can easily get to $170 before tip. But for a splurge, or special occasion-it is well worth the money! Enjoy!
4	Don't let your cab driver talk you out of going here.  Mine tried to, something about the recession and "old" food and bad neighborhoods and and and.  I think he was just OCD or something.  This little Italian place has very good food, the prices are reasonable for Las Vegas and a lot less than what you would pay for a comparable meal on the strip.  The bruschetta appetizer was light, flavorful, and on a piece bread toasted just right.  My ribeye steak with a reduced balsamic sauce was cooked just right and I would definitely have it again.So the what are the downsides?  Well it is located off of the strip in the lobby of an apartment building between a Papa John's pizza and a massage parlor.  Sounds worse than it really is.  Its Vegas.  There a A LOT of massage parlors around!  The Caesar salad was a bit bland for my taste, but still pretty good.  The restaurant was also not as busy as I would like.  There were only three parties in the place on a Thursday night during the peak dinner hour.  I have no idea why this place is not busier, but it does make for a nice quiet atmosphere and great service.  Go figure.
5	This is an outstanding place for lunch or dinner.Tony takes care of you at lunch and the food is absolutely fantastic. Dover Sole, Grilled Chicken, salads, pastas. Fresh, many home made, tastes are the best. Service is great and if you are on a diet, they can make many healthy things too!I like to bring clients and guests. Not too busy of a place, and in an odd location in the Mark II Apartment Towers.  It is like a bit of nice secret this place is.
5	This update is long overdue.  Was here for dinner last night with The Better Half (TBH) and four friends.  We were pleased to see many of the same familiar faces working there. We were greeted like old family members coming home for the holidays.We started out with a bottle of Chianti before we ordered dinner.  We had all night and was enjoying the company, so our waiter ran down the Specials list and then gave us time to decide.  I ordered the Portobello Mushroom Appetizer ($9) and special ordered a Gnocchi w/Gorgonzola Sauce ($14.95)...not on the current menu, was on the old menu from a few years ago, but it's our favorite and they have no problem whipping it up.  TBH ordered the Escargot ($8.95) and the Gnocchi w/Gorgonzola Sauce ($14.95).The Portobello Mushroom appetizer was excellent....the Mushroom was juicy and the Sauce that came with it complimented the dish well....it was a Tomato based Sauce that didn't overpower the dish.  It's a nice sized portion that can easily satisfy two people or four people with a light appetite.The Gnocchi of course was perfect....which is why it's our favorite dish here.  The Gorgonzola Sauce was rich & creamy, but not too heavy.  The texture of the Gnocchi was just right....not too soft, which is a common mistake that many restaurants make.For Dessert, I shared a Tiramisu ($6) with TBH and I had some Coffee....which is why I'm writing this review early in the AM.  The Tiramisu was very good......light and fluffy, just how we like it.The service is awesome.  The server remembered us, even though it's been over 7 months since our last visit....made us feel special.  One thing about this place is that they are always willing to please their guests.  Two of our friends had special order dishes that they were more than willing to accommodate.  This was in addition to our Gnocchi order....which the server remembered how we like it and didn't ask for much direction on the order.Will I return?  There's no doubt about it.
5	As a native New Yorker, raised with a lot of first generation Italians (I'm a wannabe Italian.), I searched for a good Italian restaurant everywhere I've lived.  Having just moved to Las Vegas, and it being my turn to pick a place for the anniversary, I chose La Scala.  What a place!! The other descriptions of the location are right on target, but don't let that deter you a bit.  It was wonderful inside, warm, inviting, and comfortable.  Better yet, our waiter and his assistant (who also happens to bake the bread-fabulous) reflected the finest in European servers.  They had been there for years (as has the chef) and the pride they took in their jobs reminded us of the fine restaurants in Italy, but without the language problems.  We started with the carpaccio (sp?), and while I thought it could have used more oil, it was very good.  We had cocktails with this, and my wife loved her Cosmo.  I had the gnocchi carbonara and my wife had the trout, both of which were on the specials board.  Mine was one of the best I've sampled, and my wife's trout was a large portion, perfectly cooked, moist, tender, with an array of perfectly prepared vegetables in a marvelous sauce.  To top it off, the waiter must have overheard me wishing my wife a happy anniversary toast, and brought a delightful molten chocolate cake, with dollops of vanilla gelato, and fresh strawberries, on the house.There are thousands of restaurants in Las Vegas.  This is one of the few I will absolutely find a reason to visit again.  This off strip treasure is reasonably priced, well run, and makes your evening a pleasure.  Well worth the trip
3	I was really looking forward to this place based upon the reviews.  So when I saw a restaurant.com deal, I jumped on it.  So here I was... planning to have a great dinner at a cut rate.Well, first... the place is strangely tucked into an apartment/condo building and has limited parking.  No big deal, I was here early so there was nobody there.  Decor is a bit dated, but works with the "Old School" Italian vibe.  Nice people, greeted soon after entering.Here's the downside to this place.  I think the prices merit a little bit more food.  We ran up over $100 between two of us and had app, 2 entrees, and shared a dessert.  That's a bit steep, isn't it?  I let them know that I had the coupon and suddenly the nightly special  of  risotto with lobster was unavailable.   How does that happen at 630p.  I'm betting that they opened it back up after I left.Food was above average, albeit a tad underportioned.  Not the phenomenal that I was expecting based upon reviews.
4	Went last night for dinner cause I was craving gnocchi in gargonzola sauce for a week!  Location was a little wierd as it's located by the entrance to an apartment buidling and we didn't know where we could park- only to realize after we already parked that there was parking in the rear of the building...Once inside though, it looked completely different, we were not expecting white linen table cloths and a slightly more upscale place.  We actually felt a little under dressed. Prices are a little on the higher end than what I was expecting but oh well- I wanted my gnocchi and I was gonna get it no matter the cost.  The mister got his usual- lasagna and we shared a ceasar salad.The ceasar was not bad- you can taste the anchovies in the dressing, which is a plus, but it was not the best ceasar I've ever had.The mister liked his lasagna but said the lasagna noodles were too soft, I tried it and thought it was great, you can taste how fresh the ingredients were in the dish.  I mentioned to him maybe the noodles are soft cause they are hand made and not bought from a box? Hmm...My gnocchi though was a STAR..even though the gorgonzola sauce was no longer on their menu, they still made it for me...the first bite just melted in my mouth...each bite after that was just as good as the first...it had to be one of the better gnocchi dishes I've had in a long time cause some places make it where the gnocchi is still a little doughy or tough.  They made theirs perfectly.Like I mentioned, prices were a little steep, we spent almost $50 for our 2 entrees and 1 salad but if I crave gnocchi again, I know were to get some of the best!
5	I've lived in Vegas my entire life and have always been curious to try this Italian restaurant tucked into the bottom of a luxury apartment complex. A couple of weeks ago, I noticed that Groupon was offering a deal where $15 bought you $30 worth of lunch, so I knew it was time to try it out.I brought my girlfriend down to the restaurant, and the first thing we noticed was super-small amount of parking available for the restaurant. It looked as though there were only four spaces available, though I'm unsure if the two nearby parking garages and valet are solely available for the apartment building, or are also available for restaurant patrons. That's where the dissapointment ended with our visit.We walked into the restaurant and were amazed at how nice it looked inside. It had that classic Vegas atmosphere, a little dark and elegantly dressed, though not TOO elegant.We were seated by the bartender, and waited on by his wife, who were both charming and extremely friendly. Our waitor brought us some EXCELLENT bread and butter, as well as a complimentary lentil soup and Caeser Salad (sans Chicken), and everything was WONDERFUL.We also ordered some Garlic Bread ($3.50) as an appetizer, and were really pleasently surprised. It was definently chock full of garlic, but had a nice blend of cheese and butter as well.For our main course, my girlfriend ordered the lasagna ($13) and I ordered the Tagliatelle alla Bolognese ($13), which were both AMAZING. I especially enjoyed the Bolognese because it was made with both beef and veal, which actually made it taste similar to Osso Bucco. Both of the plates were so large that we were stuffed sufficiently by the end of the meal, and neither of us needed to eat dessert or dinner that night.I would DEFINENTLY recommend this place to any Italian-food fans, though it surely is better to go at lunch rather than dinner-time. The prices are doubled, and the menu is actually surprisingly not as appetizing.
4	What a pleasant surprise!   located at the bottom of the Mark I apartment/condo tower is this surprisingly nummy-yummy Italian restaurant.Tip:  do NOT try to be slick and park in front of domino's.  They WILL chase you into the restaurant and tell you to move your car.Ahem.  Moving on.We made a reservation on OpenTable, and thought we wouldn't need it when we walked in...there were only two other groups there.  But lo and behold, 45 minutes later, there wasn't an empty seat in the house!I love the old school feel, complete with aged "authentic?" waiter who placed the HUGE menu board in front of our table for 15 minutes.  (a tad embarrassing).Everything, repeat EVERYTHING was savory and delicious.  The gnocchi were like little puffs of heaven...I could have licked the plate.It's great, great, great.  I just wish I could remember to go there more often.
5	This place ROCKS!! if you want American italian go somewhere else, but for true traditional Italian this is the place in Vegas!! And the service was wonderful.
5	We went here for dinner with a Group-on that saved us $25 off the dinner. So, we were already in a happy mood for saving money and decided to get a bottle of wine with our meal. Their wine selection was very wide but mainly consisted of Italian wines (Bring your own if you desire a non-Italian). Anyways, when in Rome... They were out of the Moscato we selected, so they gave us a $10 discount off a similar one. This place is very true to their Italian heritage as the dishes consisted of true Italian assortments mixed with Americano favorites. Their Casa salad was good with a homemade tuscan-style dressing. My wife had their Angel Hair pasta which she thought was prepared very well. They managed to make it Al Dente which is hard to do with Angel Hair. I had one of their specials of the evening. They have about 30 dishes to choose from plus another 5-6 specials, so they definitely have something for everyone. I had the Bolognese Ravioli that they make from scratch. The sauce was rich with flavor but did not overpower the pillow filled Raviolis.When the bill came, I was delighted to see that we stayed under our budget. If you are looking for a true Italian experience that is off the strip and reasonably priced, La Scala is the place. The decor is a little gaudy for a 5-star rating, but the service and food makes up for it.
2	I had been so excited to try this place based on all the great reviews from fellow Yelpers. When the Groupon popped up, we snatched it up. I really wanted to love this place. I have to admit, I was a little (er, a lot) disappointed. We ordered the Prosciutto di Parma e Burrata appetizer to start. This was the highlight of the meal. The dish was good. I ordered the Tagliatelle alla Bolognese. It wasn't as enjoyable as I had hoped. I wasn't a big fan of meat sauce. Just a little on the bland side. My fella ordered the Petto di Pollo ai Funghi e Cipolline Borettane all'Agro and felt the same about his dish being a bit bland. My mom got the Lasagnette al Forno, which was probably the best of the three entrees we ordered. The food just felt underseasoned, which is odd for Italian food.As another Yelper noted, the decor is a bit dated and I felt the food prices were on the expensive side for what you get.The service was fantastic. Everyone at this restaurant was so welcoming and friendly. Attentive was the word of the day here. Even as someone who prefers a little anonymity in a restaurant I felt their attention was welcomed.The service definitely outshone the food here, unfortunately.
4	Came here for my roommate's 21st birthday with her family and some of her friends. There were 14 of us, and the restaurant was very accommodating. We were seated at around 6:30 on a Saturday, and the place wasn't two crowded, though it was mostly filled. I'm not sure if it's just the environment of the restaurant, but the service was veeerrrryyy slow. We were seated for a good twenty minutes before they handed us our menus. However, until then they showed us a wine list and took our drink orders.For starters, my roommate's parents ordered calamari and bruschetta for the whole table. Both of these appetizers, though standard, were sooo delicious. The bruschetta was very flavorful, and the calamari was deep fried perfectly. They also had tons of bread and butter on the table. Not sure if it was because I was so hungry, but the bread was toasty and delicious as well.My roommate and I decided to split the seafood linguini in spicy marinara and the pesto gnocchi. After hearing amazing things about the gnocchi on yelp I was expecting something extraordinary. Though the gnocchi was good, I've definitely had better gnocchi elsewhere. Maybe my expectations were just too high. The seafood linguini was definitely a pleasant surprise. They gave us TONS of seafood (shrimp, mussels, clams, fish) and the pasta was cooked well. However, the marinara sauce definitely wasn't spicy.To finish the night off, they served us a rum came (i believe) with candles for my roommate's birthday. Keep in mind that I don't usually like sweets, and I was stuffed, but the cake was really good (and fluffy) and came with strawberries (nom).Anyways, I had a GREAT time at La Scala with good food and good company. Not sure if I'll be back anytime soon, but I was definitely pleased with the experience.
1	I purchased a Groupon for La Scala and decided to use it on Valentines Day. I was a little disappointed that they did not accept it, but I wouldn't have minded at all if we had a good experience. Needless to say, the service was extremely poor and the food was horrible. I ordered a seafood pasta dish and I've never tasted nastier seafood in all my life. The shrimp tasted old and the other seafood was extremely "fishy". I couldn't believe what I was tasting so kept trying to gulp it down, but about a quarter of the way through I just couldn't do it. I really felt like I would be sick if I ate anymore. The waiter made no comment to how full my plate was when he picked it up. Probably because they had about 1, maybe 2 waiters in the whole place!  On Valentines Day! Because service is so poor in Vegas, my boyfriend and I can usually look past that if the food is good. Not in this case. This was probably the WORST dining experience I've had in my life! So bad I threw away my $25 Groupon!
3	Good; not great. We're out of towners and went here based on the reviews. First, the good: our server was really nice and attentive. I honestly think he deserves a better restaurant. The food itself was kind of hit or miss -- so-so carpaccio, good prosciutto, great lasagna, OK veal, and not-so-great spaghetti with meatballs. However, for the food prices, I expected a lot better.The wine selection was excellent and prices seemed to be about the same as most restaurants.The location was kind of funky and appeared to be a somewhat dodgy neighborhood, but that's just based on my observation and not any firsthand knowledge of the area.I'd give it 4 stars if the location were better and/or the prices were a little more reflective of the good but not great food, but otherwise, it is what it is. Next time we go to Vegas, we'll look for a different Italian restaurant.
3	There was only one waiter on staff the night we went, so needless to say service was pretty slow. But after reading the reviews here about the mushroom appetizer and gnocchi with gorgonzola sauce, I had to try the two. I must say they were absolutely delicious! The gnocchi just melted in my mouth! The sauce was so creamy and tasty! YUM! And the mushroom appetizer was on the money! I only give 3 stars because of the service and I tried my buddy's seafood linguine which was just OK. But he went back during lunch and said it was excellent. I will definitely go back to try more.
5	It's nice to go to an Italian restaurant where they actually know how to prepare the pasta.  No mushy gross noodles here.  If you really want to do it up right...order the cherries jubilee.  Made at the table - it's like performance art!  Banana's foster is good, too.
3	Atmosphere: Good Fella-ishSeating: Inside onlyPrice: $$$ Service: Attentive Experience: Overall goodThe short story:I was in Vegas last week and went here for dinner with a group.  When I told the cabby where we were going, he said "Are you sure you want to go to that neighborhood?"  I was wondering if we were making a mistake but reminded myself that most hole-in-the-wall restaurants that I love are in neighborhoods that others would describe as being shady.  The restaurant was about 5 minutes from the strip and when I walked in, it seemed a little like one of the restaurants on Good Fellas.  I was half way expecting to see some guy sitting at the table cutting garlic with a razor blade...which if we're being honest, made me a little excited.The restaurant had a good mix of steak, pasta and fish dishes.  We had calamari and bruschetta for appetizers--everyone loved them.  They also serve warm bread which was excelente.  My Caesar salad had anchovie dressing...so needless to say it was a little fishy.  For dinner, I ordered the grilled salmon and it was perfectly cooked.   I'm not sure I would go back next time I'm in Vegas....but not for lack of good food or service.  Simply because there are so many places to try in Vegas that I would rarely eat at the same place twice.
4	Doesn't everyone look for a place where people knows your name? La Scala happens to be this kind of place. The employees here are warm and hospitable. Sometimes after working a 10-16 hour shift, you just want to sit down and relax while someone else is doing the work for you.My happy hour partner suggested this place after she had came here during a work gathering saying that they have one of the best happy hours in town. I was pleasantly surprised by how affordable everything was and then by the portions that they give out. I believe the special goes from 5pm-7pm on the weekdays. All the appetizers served during these two hours are less than six dollars. We had ordered the duck prosciutto with goat cheese served on a crostini, the crab cakes, shrimp skewers in diavolo sauce, the mixed green salad and the assorted fried foods platter. The first two dishes I named were hands down the best. The thinly sliced pieces of cured duck blended well with the creaminess of the cheese. Topped with the balsamic dressed salad, that comes on the side, gives it a well rounded flavor. The crab cakes were two large, coaster size pieces served with a cocktail sauce on top of a bed of lettuce. The crab were nice big lumps of meat and crispy on the outside.I could have finished one plate by myself.  The shrimp was not spicy but had a good flavor. Make sure you don't say anything is too bland because the owner will put you in your place. He gave us a taste of ghost hot sauce. One dab made our mouths go numb, then burned for quite some time. It gave me hiccups fo 10 minutes. The salad was standard but tasty. The fried food was decent. The zucchini sticks and the calamari were the best. The mushrooms retain too much liquid and the cheese sticks are nothing special.Make sure to save room for the desserts. The tiramisu and cheesecake are made in house. The first is bold with flavors of rum and espresso, but not overbearing thanks to the marscapone cheese.The cheesecake was the most soft and light version I have ever tasted. It simple coats the tongue and lulls you into a peaceful place. Both are divine and deserve a try.This friendly little restaurant is fine dining without being pretentious. It serves a wicked deal for happy hour and provides good conversation. The staff and regulars are easy to talk to and that is rare.
5	Serenity, Then Wham - Pow food gets you.This is long - Read it  or just take my word for it and GO TO LA SCALAWe just found this place after living here fifteen years. La Scala is on the Ground floor of the MARK 1 Tower.  OK, I admit we had a GROUPON or we probably would have never found it. This is old fashioned Las Vegas dinner club style eating. The decor is beautiful and reserved. Our Waiter, Robert will work hard for you. He absolutely knows the base menu and each special of the day. He will make a suggestion if you ask and tell you why he is suggesting that specific item. The Waiter's assistants will keep your water flowing, your bread and butter hot and fresh, as well as keeping the table free of past course dishes.I would guess the room hold fifty or so people There were sixteen people at various tables of two and four while we were there. There was the noise of talking but, it was not overpowering. The soft crooning of Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin played through the sound system. It was for us a very good fifties - sixties laid back easy going type of atmosphere. We enjoyed the change from the cacophony that is usual in todays restaurants. The Food:  I am a calamari "Nut", I will eat it any style anytime. So, the first thing I ordered up was fried calamari. What arrived was a huge bowl of hot, sweet, light goodness. There was enough for me to eat my fill, my Wife to enjoy a plate full, and us both to leave some guiltily in the bowl. The marinara the accompanies this is spicy and warm. It truly brings up the taste of this seafood offering and lays in some of its own twist also. It gets a Bill A+.Libby was next presented with a fine looking dressed green salad and I a bowl of the Soup Special. Libby says, "The salad was crisp, cold, and extremely flavorful. I liked it because it had no harshness in it. I thought it felt good as I ate." So, there you have an opinion that is not from me. The wonderful thick and brown mushroom soup that I chose had an elegant, silky feel and a rich, dark mushroom flavor. What a lunch it would be with maybe a salad. For me, it was so fine I didn't want to give it up. I would have cheerfully had another bowl with some of the crunchy crusted bread they put out for us. That being said I need to add a bit about the table accompaniment of bread and toppings. The bread is a white Italian type with a wonderful crusty - crunchy outer layer and soft beautiful white pillow as the main part. You receive some very wonderful sweet white butter like I remember getting as a kid from the "Old Lady" in town who made it herself. Then there is a dish of Oil and Garlic to sop you bread in if you want. This almost brought tear to my eyes. The oil was thick, smooth, and filled with fresh flavor. It was infused with and carried fresh grated garlic. The fresh garlic had a slight bite of it's own that modified this treat to make bread and sopping oil Kingly.Here comes the Main Course, For Libby it was a huge piece of halibut. You could see that it was grilled to perfection and had an oil caper, a spice addition. There were shaped pieces of zucchini and roasted potato wedges to add even more beauty and zest to her plate.For me it was a stuffed pork lion that was browned to perfection and stuffed with wonderful flavors. I also had potato wedges and zucchini. The whole dining experience here at La Scala was much better than we expected. It was supreme. We could not finish our dinner so, since there was no way I was leaving anything for the trash we asked that it all be wrapped for his to take. We brought home "Pup" bags of what is lunch today. Not for dogs, FOR US.
4	I really enjoyed this place! It's hard to tell how intimate and sophisticated it is from the outside, but it really is lovely!The food was great and the wait staff were knowledgable. The catered to me request that alcohol not be used in any of my dishes, and the food was delectable. There was a live singer who really set the mood.Important to note that i RARELY enjoy italian cuisine, and La Scala changed that.
3	I had heard so many great things about this place.  So many stories of the dining experience changing peoples' opinion of Italian Food.  So many heart-felt pleas for people to try this place.  ...and in the end, it did not live up to the hype.  Well not all the hype at least..The service, from the moment you walk in the door to the moment you leave is excellent.  Like poster-child good.  You got that whole "Cheers" vibe from the way the staff knew all the regulars.  So A+ there!The atmosphere was a little dated for my taste, but not at all bad.  It was the food.  The food was good.  Just good though.  I was expecting spectacular things from this place.  I know it's not really fair, but that's just how it is sometimes, and it can't be helped.  The one saving grace was that everything was reasonably priced.  All in all, if you have your heart set on going here (which I understand, I did), go with low expectations and you'll be happy.
5	I really do have to say rock star food.  I lived in Italy for a while when I was younger; thus, admittedly, I am an Italian food snob.  My true test of quality Italian cooking is gnoochi.  As I had seen a previous yelper state that they are willing to substitute the normal sauce for gorganzola, I asked.  The chef did it.  The gnoochi was like little pieces of heaven.  We were there one week ago, apparently they are closing for a week for a remodel.  Again, I will admit that hubby and I were the youngest couple there by about 15 years.  I hope that their remodel makes the place more current, but they don't lose the quality of food.My hubby was not as impressed, but he's a German boy for WI.  He prefers brats and beer, so this place was not in his wheel house.We shared the portabello muchroom app-delic!  He had some chicken dish, I didn't bother to look at because I only had eyes for my gnoochi.  We shared the homemade cheesecake for dessert.  I like it, but I did not think it was anything special.  I hope to go again when they reopen!
4	I am fortunate as I live next door. I love the outside patio on a beautiful evening.  The happy hour is outrageous!  The bartenders and waiters are friendly and knowledgeable. The food is phenomenal and the prices are so low.  I love that this place is my neighborhood bar.  In my opinion, if you are looking for old school style and sophistication, this is the place for you.
4	Reasonably priced off-the-strip family-owned Italian restaurant.  Its an old-fashioned cozy & quiet place with a small bar.  Dining room is romantically lit and divided from the bar by a wall rack of bottled wine.  Meals are home-made and prepared fresh to order.   We were offered & thoroughly enjoyed a red Malbec grape Argentinian wine with our meal.We were in a large group so we got to sample most of the appetizers.  The stuffed mushrooms and the calamari were delicious.  I also liked the antipasta and mussels.  I had the raviolis. My friends really enjoyed the lasagna. The tiramisu was better than the Italian cheesecake.Service was attentive and professional, so don't be afraid to bring a date or business guest.  You won't be disappointed and the pocketbook won't go broke.The owner is from Argentina and is a jolly young man making the American dream come true by opening a restaurant in the USA in 2009 (circa).  Why Las Vegas?  Because he spent his honeymoon in Sin City and loved the town.  (I know this because he drove me back to my hotel in his own car! We were in a large group and he was concerned that we were waiting to long for a cab.  Who does that?!  Someone who really cares about his customers!) He got an extra star for the ride home.  Lol
5	I ate at La Scala this past New Year's Eve 2011. I had an excellent dining experience. The cuisine prepared this restaurant is the best Italian food I've tasted outside of Italy! The seafood dishes I tried tasted fresh, as if it were straight from the Mediterranean. Our server, Brian, was attentive and thoughtful. The small space and dim lighting provided an intimate setting. Combined with the live Sinatra-style singer and pianist, it made for a romantic setting suitable for a meaningful date or event. The price of the food was affordable; the most expensive plate was about $30. Based on taste alone, it seemed like we should be paying twice the amount we paid. I'll be back to La Scala again the next time I'm in Vegas!
4	Loved this place. It's not fancy but the service is very nice and I adored the live crooner singing Frank Sinatra. The food was quite tasty and they had a good selection of wine, too.
3	Solid 2.5 starsFood: 2.5/5Service: 3/5Ambiance: 3/5We came here with a party of 5 and the food was fairly mediocre. Having worked in an Italian restaurant in my past life, where part of my job training was to sample all 100+ dishes, I can honestly say I have had better.  However, I did thoroughly enjoyed the Caprese salad!! I love how they put avocado in it and everything was already pre-cut.Caprese Salad: 4/5Calamari: 3/5Gnoochi with pesto 2/5 ( i was really sad about my entree. The pesto was not that good--pretty watered down, and the gnoochi was too soft)
4	We were in Vegas for the CES Show.  We just happened to find this place on the way back to our hotel.  We ordered a stuffed pork chop, eggplant parmesan, a couple of salads and coffee.  It was all very good and very tasty!  We would recommend La Scala and will eat there the next time we are in Las Vegas
5	I've been here several times and their service is top notch!  I would recommend their chicken parm, and the Gorgonzola gnocchi.  Excellent place for a date with your significant other!
5	Best Italian for the money in Vegas!  We have tried 20+ Italian restaurants in places like Palazzo and the Wynn.  La Scala has several specials every day, a good wine list, great service and reasonable prices, so what more could you ask for.
5	Great food. Fantastic atmosphere. Best service in Vegas. Owner even drove our party of ten back to the convention center when the cabs were slow to arrive! Will return next trip.
3	Add another mediocre Italian joint to the list in Vegas. First, it is not $$. The least expensive entree is $15 and with a drink or appetizer, easily 25+.I ordered the trout special which was essentially a filet of trout, albeit large, covered in an egg batter and lemon juice. The fish was cooked well and it also came with steamed vegetables and roasted potatoes, nothing spectacular. My girlfriend had the gnocchi with pesto sauce, also underwhelming. The actual dumplings were cooked well, but the sauce was not flavorful. We had started with their portabello appetizer which was ok, but the melted cheese did not mix well with the mushroom.I will say that La Scala is an excellent choice for your next Lion's Club meeting however. It comes complete with a retiree crowd and fake Sinatra singer.
1	The only reason I knew about La Scala was because I saw them on restaurant.com.  After checking their rating on Yelp and seeing four stars I decided to give them a try.I'm starting to wonder if I ate at the same place...Pretty much the only thing La Scala has going for it are its servers.  They were great.  Everything else?  Not so much.  I'll make this easy:-It appears the last remodeling was done around 1992.-The servers carry a giant easel with the specials written on it to your table.  It's awkward for both the server and the diner.-The Insalata della Casa was overdressed and appeared to have been dressed in the morning since the lettuce was completely wilted.-The Capellini al Pomodoro e Basilico had no basil, too many tomatoes, the tomatoes weren't fresh, and the dish as a whole had zero flavor.  Stay away from this.-The Ravioli di Ricotta e Spinaci alla Vodka were ok, but nothing out of this world- especially for $19.-Terribly overpriced for what you are getting.-The weird "Hotel California" vibe coming from the regulars at the bar.This is now the second restaurant I've been to that I think is a prime candidate for "Restaurant Impossible."  I could just imagine Robert Irvine having a field day with the easel carrying the specials.I thought about two stars, but the service alone isn't enough to bring them up that far.
3	I'm a sucker for old-school Vegas so I'm probably a star too high on my rating.  I agree with Nicole W. who said the place is a great candidate for Restaurant Impossilbe.  The food was ok.  The servers great.  The bar scene just adds to the weirdness in a good way.
4	Food was great but the service was really slow!!! I think he forgot about us!! Plan on spending a long time there!!
3	Place is unfortunately closed due to the bad floods we had a while ago.
1	Just awful experience. Horrible food, and that manager guy Tony is not very nice. I miss the old owner. Cant believe they dont take online reservations anymore. I will not return.
5	Service is great and if you are on a diet, they can make many healthy things too!
4	Really good service and food! I ordered the Chicken Carlos and it was done just right. The chicken was moist and the mushroom sauce was perfectly sweet.  I stopped by during lunch which has a really reasonably priced and well rounded menu. I'd definitely come back again. I think I'll try the butternut squash soup, crab cakes and Tiramisu next!
5	Great !!!! Ate there twice this week  . The veal Milanese was like my Grandmothers and the pastafagoile the best in town ! The Italian cake for desert was light and sweet , a great desert . I'm going back for more . The old school look is backed up by the authentic Italian cooking !!!!
5	I ordered spaghetti carbonara, my favorite dish.  It wasn't on the menu but they served me without any trouble by substituting lunch menu. Taste great.  Waiters and waitresses are very professional and comfy. I totally recommend here!
