4	Excellent shopping experience. I was looking for flower pots and hit the jackpot. They have kitchen items and home decor as well. Honestly there is way too much to include here but here's a short list: mirrors, candles, artwork/decor pieces, patio furniture, bedding... The shopping center traffic has died down a bit since Value City has left. But there is a new gym coming in June '08 and Burlington Coat Factory will be here in Aug '08. However don't let these details make you wait to visit Old Time Pottery now- it's worth it all on its own.
5	Don't let the name fool you.  The outside can be deceiving.  Once you enter, they have so many things for you to look at you don't know where to even begin.  Old Time Pottery is a great place to look for items for your home.  Usually when I go in there, I come out with things that weren't on my list.  One trip, I went in for pillows and came back with two cute little garden gnomes.  If you're all about home decoration, then I would suggest this place for you.  I never leave empty handed since they have a great selection with a great price.
4	It had been over a year since I'd been shopping at Old Time Pottery. Seriously, how many pieces of ceramic bakeware do I need?But when I got the mail yesterday, there was a flyer from OTP. Right on the front was something I had been actively looking for and at a good price too.So I got dressed and headed for the alternate route (Monroe) because I knew the other way (Independence) would be crowded at that time of the afternoon.The building is such a huuuuge space. It would be overwhelming to walk in and take in everything at once. Instead, I walked in and focused on everything in the aisle straight ahead, as far as I could see.Which was kind of weird because from my viewpoint, it looked like the place was mostly empty. What a fabulous trick.I'm not kidding when I say I wandered the aisles for over an hour. No rushing because I wanted to see everything in the store. It seemed I wasn't the only one. There were other ladies (99% of the other shoppers were women) strolling the aisles as well. I saw several of them a few times as I traveled the layout so they were probably in there at least as long as I was.There are big banners hanging above, labeling each section, in an attempt to warn you of what's in that area. The thing that takes so long is checking out the sheer number of similar items in a particular section. It's all so colorful and eye-catching. And so MUCH. If there's a blue one, there's bound to be a red one and a yellow one and one with polka dots or stripes and so on.It it's a glass pitcher, there's bound to be one with horizontal lines etched inside or vertical lines or a square bottom, or one with a square opening.Some of the prices are comparable or cheaper than WalMart or Target and some are laughably overpriced.A few sale items I searched for were hard to find due to lack of specifics: signs indicating sale price were missing and it was hard to match the item on the shelf with the item in the sales advert because brand names were missing or didn't match.A bit frustrating but not a deterrent for the serious shopper.The clearance aisles had interesting items but nothing I couldn't resist.Aside from the usual products one expects to see here, I found a couple of sections that yielded delightful and surprising finds. When facing the registers, there's an area to the far right, aisle closest to the wall. That's where I got stuck, ooohing and ahhhhing at cutesy items like big glitter-covered hair pins (4 for $1), body-sculpting undergarments, cell phone holders resembling miniature flip flops...There was also an aisle of jewelry and makeup, a few choices for folk with a sweet tooth, accessories, a smallish selection for "bag ladies", and a smattering of "as seen on tv" merchandise throughout the store.I escaped with 25 items, most of them essentials: 5 pkgs of drapes, a mattress cover, a glass pitcher, a juicer, several packets of the glitter-covered hair pins (my daughter needs them for prom), a spray bottle, a six-pack of facial tissue, 2 floor mats, and a ski hat for my husband. It was a successful trip and I like the place  but it's not likely I'll return any time soon. I can see how shopping there could turn into a bad habit.
4	As mentioned by Grace, you really can't let Old Time Pottery's name full you.  If you went by your first assumptions, you'd think that it was a shop where old ladies bought  crockery and flowerpots.  Instead, it's actually a massive home goods store with everything from plants to furniture to linens to cookware.  Some of the stuff at Old Time Pottery is pretty tacky, I will give you that.  No, I don't need my entire house to be tiki-themed, thank you.  But some of the stuff is also really nice for the price.  I'm especially surprised by the sizable wall art collection.  It's not "real" art, of course, but they have some neat, relatively classy pieces for way cheaper than the authentic thing.  They also have great deals on all sorts of kitchen supplies, which is pretty spiffy.Unlike many huge discount retailers, OTP is well-organized and thoughtfully laid out.  You can generally find whatever you're looking for in its logical place.  If only this were true in all stores.In short, you should check out OTP.  It's especially worth a trip if you're planning to move to a bigger home and need stuff to fill your new abode!
3	Old Time is a good place if you don't want to spend much but need bowls, glasses, rugs, kitchen ware, pet stuff, things to hang on your wall, etc. They also have a lot of crap, but they do carry quite a bit of holiday decor and silk flowers. It is huge inside and they take cash and cards so that is nice. It is sort of like Garden Ridge if you have been there, mixed with one of those places that are called "Bazaars". It's worth a visit!
5	Old Time Pottery rocks and this location is no exception. They have anything and everything you could ever want for the best prices. I got some amazing curtains and a unique wall mirror for my apartment. If I ever need something from decor to kitchen accessories this is my first stop. Don't let the name decieve you... its not a pottery place.
4	The reason I didn't give five stars is for the quality. I may be a little biased because I work at Hobby Lobby. However, you can't deny they have a wonderful selection of items! Everything from rugs to floral. If I didn't already have an employee discount with HL I would shop here for their great deals! The outside is a bit deceiving as it looks like it would be a pottery store, but then you walk in and your jaw drops with how huge this place is! You could easily spend a couple of hrs in here! *edit- there is a lot more here than HL in terms of departments, so it's almost hard to compare it now that I've walked around some more. Needless to say, I'll be back! :-)
