5	My husband and I ordered from mobilewaiters.com last night and were very pleased. Mobile Waiters is a food delivery service where you can order from many different restaurants on line and have it delivered within and hour or less. We ordered Thai food from a local restaurant through Mobile Waiters came within 45 minutes and it was hot and yummy when we ate it. What a great idea and a good selection of different cuisines to  choose from. It is easy to order right on line. Making Friday nights easier after a long week at work.
5	I have to tell you a story. We're going to be here for a few minutes so if you want to go to the bathroom or get a beer, take your time, I'll wait.Okay, you ready? Good. At the Kiwanis Park OYE I won a $50 gift certificate to Mobile Waiters. I was thrilled and considered it the best door prize of the day (caveat - that's because Jim and I weren't available for the surprise weekend getaway thing). Anyway, when we got home we were all excited about it so we looked online to see what Mobile Waiters was all about. Imagine our horror when we discovered THEY DON'T DELIVER TO OUR NEIGHBORHOOD!!!I thought about this for a while and figured Jim could give the certificate away the next time he did an employee reward and give me whatever gift certificate the reward would have been. But I was sad about that idea. Then it hit me that if it didn't expire I could just save it until they added Chandler to their area. So, armed with this brilliant idea, I called.I talked to Brette, co-owner with her husband, Jim. She was lovely. And, even better, she was absolutely determined that I was going to enjoy my gift certificate whenever I wanted to. So I told her where I was located and she consulted her map. After a few minutes of discussion I had all the instructions I needed to use my certificate. We chatted a bit longer and I learned that they're east-coasters (no surprise there, we always find our fellows) and they're working to make Mobile Waiters a go.Well, today we ordered. This time when I called I spoke to Jim, the other half of the team. We made sure I had everything right and then I placed my order online. The order actually went $8 over the gift certificate but Jim told me to forget it. He said if I felt inclined I could give it to the driver since he was pulled off his regular route to do our delivery. Now, even though there was a built-in gratuity, we intended to tip extra for exactly that reason. But Jim ate the additional charge on our bill.Oh, and did I mention the charge for this service? Now, hold on to that beer because I don't want you to spill it when you fall out of your chair. The charge was $3.99 plus tip. Yeah, you read that right. $3.99. And if you're doing a corporate catering (think pharmaceutical rep at a doctor's office or my husband, Jim W's quarterly meetings) not only will they deliver it but they'll set it up for you. Cost of that service? Yeah, it's still $3.99.So, back to dinner. Terry shows up right on time with our food. It was in a hot bag. He was incredibly friendly, introduced himself and inquired as to our names, shook hands and explained how the business worked and how they plan to be in Chandler in the fall (which we'd already heard from Brette). He told us he looked forward to seeing us again.So, to sum up: everyone is super-friendly, the price is super-low and their attitude toward doing business is super as well. They're big on karma. I liked these people and I liked the way they do business. I'll absolutely be back.
5	Eating out....while staying home never felt so easy!   Tried them out based on a Groupon.  Online ordering was simple to use & my nice hot dinner was delivered to my door within about a half hour.  Will definitely use them again!   Well worth the $3.99 delivery charge!
4	We have used Mobile Waiters several times. Each time, the delivery has been prompt and accurate. The delivery fee is $4 plus tip. They have a decent selection of restaurants, and even do alcohol delivery. I have not used the catering services, just the regular restaurant delivery, but I have been very pleased with the service and will continue to use it.
1	Note: my experience is based on many views of the website and multiple times calling the business.This place is a joke.  I would ordinarily ham up the review in hopes of making you laugh but i don't want to water down the point of this review, which is that this place is absolutely horrifyingly useless.We only tried it out because of the Groupon which offered $25 worth of food for $10.  Fine.  The groupon expires 10/18.  Fine.  So of course, being the procrastinators that we are, we waited until the 18th.  Which is why i didn't complain to them about the *two hour* delivery time, because I don't want to be that guy.  Although I will submit to you that if you're a business and you do a promotion, this is the sort of thing that you should maybe plan for.  Just a thought.Go to their website and see if it doesn't remind you of a website from 1995--it's ridiculously low-budget and it isn't really user friendly.  When we tried to order delivery last night on the site, it said that the first delivery time available was 945a the NEXT MORNING.  Okay, fine.  So I called, because the site said that the hours were until 830 on a sunday.  I called at 705p and the manager answered--on the third time i called, btw--and told me that they had just closed.  ?He said that they were having some glitch with the system and so they just decided to close.  He said to put in an order for tomorrow online and he'd get it to us.  So i tried that--except the site wouldn't let us order delivery for the next evening--it said the only available times for delivery were between 945a and 115p.  Useless.So the next day we try and order during the day and guess what the first available time for delivery is?  yep--945a the next morning.  Unbelievable.So i called the lady to order directly and she told me it was a two hour wait, i said it was fine, i gave her the order, she took my address, fine.1:45 later, I get a call from the delivery driver, saying that he can't find my house number on the street.  That's because he was on the WRONG STREET because the lady on the phone GAVE HIM THE WRONG ADDRESS and he was a good half hour distance away from my house.  Understandably upset, he told me he probably wouldn't be able to get my food to me--then he stopped himself and said he'd call me back.  He didn't.So I called Mobile Waiters to talk to the manager.  No apology.  I asked what would happen with the order and she said he'd "try" to get it to me but first he had to make a "quick stop" at a restaurant that closes "in two minutes" (it was 7:08p) and she didn't know when he'd get here.  So I told her to cancel my order and give me my money back (the overage after the groupon value, including tip), and she was like "okay."  That was it, no apology or explanation, no nothing.  Which I only mention to give you an idea of the level of customer service and competence you can expect.Finally, she told me I'd have to take it up with groupon for my money back from them.  Awesome.  She wanted to give me a credit on my account for the money I'd spent, no more.  I declined because I don't ever want to deal with them again.This place is a total embarrassment.  It's a great concept, but so is flapping your arms and flying.___________________NOTE: the owner sent me a message and here is what she said.  I will accept the offer to redeem the groupon and I will post a subsequent review when it's warranted.Hi Richard,My name is Brette, I am the owner of Mobile Waiters. I was informed about your order & the issue with the address. I do apologize about that confusion, the main issue that occurred is the fact that you live in an area that we do not deliver to which disrupted our system from applying the correct address. The other issue was the end of Groupon which as prepared as we were in terms of staffing completely threw us for a loop since it seems as though you were not the only "procrastinator" who waited until the last day to redeem. In either case there is no real excuse, just a horrible mishap. I really just wanted to apologize for your experience  & let you know that if you had an issue with Groupon in terms of getting your money back we would be more than happy to still offer a delivery to you & allow you to use the Groupon although it has expired already as we have done with some of our regular customers who had Groupons as well. I take pride in my company, I try my absolute hardest to make sure that everyone & anyone that uses us to have food delivered is happy in the end which is why I am reaching out to you to apologize. Have a great day
1	I hate to do this because I don't want to be negative but the service is terrible.  Late and inconsistent frequently.  I understand mistakes but not repeatedly.  Sorry.  :(  If you want to gamble on timeliness and quality service then these are your guys.  Caution!
4	This service is a blessing and a curse for our household. A blessing because they have delivered many a Sunday evening Tandoori Times 2 meal to us. A curse because all that delicious curry is making us fat!Seriously though, I've never had a problem with these guys. Yes, their website is horrible to look at. But it does the job. We put in our order, and about 45 minutes later it arrives. We eat. End of story.
