1	I just recently moved into this apartment complex and was really excited about the neighborhood and overall look. Everything about it seemed fine and a good place to live. I was VERY wrong. In the past month there have been 3 robberies, one of those was one of my friends apartments. I had not known about the other two robberies until the police officer told them about them and they told me. The complex tries to hide things like this from its residents so that their reputations is not tarnished. I feel that this is very wrong and the residents have a right to know how safe they really are. As well as the managers not informing the residents about break-ins they also do not help after the fact. The door was broken down and needed to be fixed and whenever they would go into the office to talk to the manager she would slip out the back door. MANAGERS are horrible and unhelpful. I will be moving out as soon as possible and telling all my other friends to start looking for a new place to live.
1	Horribly under-qualified and unhelpful staff. Pray an emergency doesn't happen where you need to call the office because your calls will not be picked up or returned. Don't try to set up a meeting either, the manager ran out the back door when I was supposed to meet with her. Oh and on top of all that as if rent, deposits and a cleaning fee aren't enough expect random fees and charges for nothing. Worst choice I made was moving into this complex. On top of horrible staff the safety is at an all time low. 5 burglaries in only a week or two? Don't depend on the staff to notify you about these dangerous occurrences they like to keep information like this on the down low to maintain their "reputation"Take my advice and keep looking there are a so many better apartments in Las Vegas.
4	We moved here about a month ago, and so far everything has been good! All the staff members have been very kind and helpful. The complex is great, for us and our pets, and we are excited to start enjoying all the amenities that includes. Hope to keep having a wonderful stay here!
1	I am not happy here. Staff is very disorganized and irresponsible. They misplaced my rent check and tried to charge me $75.00. When I went into the office to straighten things out, my check was on their desk. No apology was made to me for their mistakes or the inconveniences they caused me. They are great at leaving nasty little notes that are completely uncalled for, and apparently their rules don't apply to everyone. They are so unprofessional. I would never recommend Viviani to anyone.
