5	The Massage Retreat was an excellent experience; and an excellent value. Lambo did an excellent job!!Swedish massage with aromatherapy and hot stonesBack ScrubFoot and hand reflexologyI'll definitely be back soon.  Did I mention, it was excellent!!!
5	I love to have facial treatment. When I first moved to Las Vegas I looked for a spa and went to few places but I didn't like them much, some of them was okayed, some tried to sell stuff that you didn't want to buy, like keep telling you about the products while giving you the facial the whole time like salesman. so I stopped going. Recently I had breakouts on my face and my back lately because of stress. I started looking for facial treatment. I happened to find Graceful Facials on internet. I went for the back facial first and was so impressed with Jules. So I went back a week later for custom facial that included both microdermabrasion and 30% glycolic peel. 4 days after the custom facial, the dead skin peeled off and my face looks a lot better...I love it. The price is very reasonable. Jules is a great aesthetician, she knows what she is doing. I'll go back more often!!!
5	Place is very nice. For the prices you can't beat it. I like it because I don't feel guilty getting a massage there. All of there masseuses are certified & went to school so they know what they are doing. Sometimes if I have the money I get 2 hours at once. I have back problems and work really hard so the times and prices fit me well. I always tip them well too. like $10 or $20 or more since I've gone to other places that charge you more & really give you the same service without qualified people. The place is a little hard to find & sometimes it's hard to reach them because it is a small enterprise, 4 rooms & on call masseuses but when you do they are always on it or call you right back.
5	Great little place, kind of hiiden, but totally worth looking for. Daniel gives an awesome massage and i will return again and again. You can't beat the price.
5	Julie is my new go to gal for facials! Honestly I never really got facial before this because I thought it was a overpriced face wash. When a facial is done right, you go home feeling like yucky oils and dry skin/dead skin is removed and a fresh layer of skin is exposed. That's what Julie does and with extractions. What can I say about extractions..... It hurts but it's good for you. Well that what I tell myself during the pain. Pricing is also reasonable and for a treat, I would get a massage (they have therapists in the same office) before so I can be utterly pampered.
5	This little spa is wonderful. It is a hidden gem in a complex of assorted businesses.Using a groupon for a massage with hot stones, Marilyn relaxed me and I do believe I dozed off..The perfect pressure and the warmth of the stones on my back.. just relaxing and calming. Before leaving I picked up a brochure for their services and whoa the prices are great and seniors pay 30.00 for a 60 minute massage, now that is great price.  There are so many other services they offer.  A little out of my way but it was so worth it..
5	Beautifully serene atmosphere and attentive staff make this spa a place in which you can truly relax.  Rates are quite reasonable for massages and other spa services (about $50/hr for a massage....that's the regular rate).  I was the last massage appointment of the day and I did not feel rushed at all.  In fact, my massage technician gave me extra time "just because."  I would definitely come back to experience a bit of body bliss!  I don't know what the facials are like, but I have to believe that they would be as good as the massages.  For those in the Summerlin area, check this place out for some pampering.
3	I purchased a Groupon special for my first Swedish Massage. I enjoyed the company of the staff but the massage was just OK. The room was a bit chilly and the hot stones were cold. The temperature issues took away from my experience. I opted to try a Ionic Foot Detox eventhough critics claim its a scam. I was hoping the detox machine was similar to the massage chairs and foot soaking machines used for pedicures. Unfortunately, it was nothing more than a regular table chair and a bucket lined with a trashbag.I need to compare my experience to other spas before writing off massages all togtherPROS: Amazing staff and inexpensiveCONS: Hard to find location, glitchy Foot Detox Machine, and cold massage rooms
4	I love this place...I've been going there every week for 3 months...it is a little tricky to find and even though I have been there numerous times I still miss it....all the massage therapists are great...I am partial to Ruth and Lambo. ...Price is the best part only 30 dollars for age 50 and over.....very relaxing I have an appt. every Wednesday!
4	I love this place...I've been going there every week for 3 months...it is a little tricky to find and even though I have been there numerous times I still miss it....all the massage therapists are great...I am partial to Ruth and Lambo. ...Price is the best part only 30 dollars for age 50 and over.....very relaxing I have an appt. every Wednesday!
1	If there was 0.5 star that's what I would give this place. My masseuse was Lamberto a.k.a. Lambo. I fell asleep while he was massaging my feet. When I awoke I noticed a very gentle tapping on my right foot so I pretended to be asleep still. I noticed that he paused a lot of times like he was taking a break! I don't know if he was nodding off as I've heard him yawn quite a lot in the beginning of the session or he was just taking advantage when he thought I was asleep. Very unprofessional. I'm not coming back to this place.
4	I purchase a Groupon for two massages here and would definitely go back and pay full price for a massage.  My therapist was Marylin and she is FABULOUS!  Her touch is magic.  It's a little tricky to find.....
5	I bought a Groupon for two 60-minute Swedish massages and decided to take my mom for a belated Mother's Day gift. Normally, with Groupons, I sort of have a "Hey, it was cheap anyway" attitude. But this place exceeded all my expectations. We walked in and were immediately greeted by one of our massage therapists (Marilyn). We filled out the initial questionnaire and were taken back to our respective rooms within minutes. They let you choose from a variety of aroma therapy options, so you're not stuck smelling a scent that you may not particularly like. My massage therapist, Lambo, was incredible. I've always had issues with knots in my shoulders and he handled them perfectly. My mom, who is a former massage therapist at a high-end resort on the strip, is very biased when it comes to massages, and she absolutely LOVED this place. She admitted that she would probably be back every week. The fact that they offer discounts to those aged 50+ may have played a role in that as well.   The regularly priced massages are very reasonable, much less than those places requiring a membership. If you're planning to get a massage on a specific day, make sure you call in at least three weeks ahead because they tend to book pretty solid. The place is a tad difficult to find, and depending on what day/time you go, parking may be a hassle. If Yelp allowed half-stars, I'd rate this a 4.5. But since they don't, I feel that the service and friendliness of staff more than warrants me leaning towards 5 stars over 4. I've had several massages over the course of my lifetime and I can say with certainty that this place is definitely top 3 on my list.
4	I've been a patron here for a while and it's taken me time to write this review because I've been so torn on how many stars to give. The service here is excellent. Everyone is incredibly polite and professional and they really aim to please. I get massages from David and he works so hard to make sure I leave every session happy. He is also great about remembering things I've requested in the past.Ruth's facials are also fantastic. I've never had a facial before Ruth, so I don't know what they're supposed to entail, but I always leave feeling like my face has been refreshed and scrubbed clean of all the oils and toxins.Everything here is very clean, which I am a stickler for.So, why only 4 stars? Sadly, atmosphere. This business is located in a building more suited for office buildings than massage rooms. There's central heating, which means all the rooms have the same temperature. In order to keep the estheticians from sweltering all day, they're forced to keep the temperature normal. This means you are FREEZING once you take off your clothes in the massage room. They do their best with blankets and such, but it's not quite the same as getting a massage in a room that is nice and toasty. Usually I wouldn't say that's worth a whole star, but it really does distract me from my massage sometimes. BUT, that being said, this place is still the absolute best massage deal in town. For the price, you get a truly professional massage with great and friendly service and a very clean environment. I highly recommend it!
4	Bought a groupon for hot stone aromatherapy massages & am sure glad I did!  Ruth was my therapist and she gave me one of the best massages ever and I get them regularly from a host of different folks always in search of a 'good' person.  I have a lot of knots in my shoulders, back and neck, thanks to my desk job.  Often this leads to headaches, so I am pretty diligent about getting them rubbed out. This place gives you a choice of 6 or 7 oil scents and I was caught so off-guard by that that I replied, "well, anything but orange". :)  There was no wait, I got right in after completing my two pages of paperwork and was happy as could be.  Ruth used hot stones better than anyone I've ever been to, they actually felt good!  She also spent a lot of time on my knots and used just the right amount of pressure.  The room is pretty big, a little chilly, but not to the point of being uncomfortable. The less than five star rating is because of the ambiance and atmosphere.  This location is a little tricky to find, is tucked away in an office complex.  The lobby is a dimly lit room with a woman behind it.  When I walked in there was another esthetician sitting on the couch filing her nails which made me feel like I was walking into someone's living room.  Weird feeling, but maybe it's just me being picky.  I didn't feel like a customer, I felt like I was there to deliver the pizza!All in all, I went there for a massage and I'll be damned, it was a good massage.  So for that - it's a four star experience and I am a fan . . . of Ruth anyway!!
1	I tried to get a massage here but, after completing the paperwork, they refused to serve me without a Drs. note. Who carries a Drs. note around to get a massage? Yes, I have a medical condition and to be 100% honest, it has never prevented any business from serving me and I get massages about every 10-14 days. I found it totally insulting and illustrates the true ignorance of some people.I found this place unprofessional upon walking in based on the following: 1) The receptionist and the two therapists (including, David, the one scheduled to complete my massage) were eating their Wendy's right in the front area. 2) It is in an older office park and not the most appealing atmosphere.3) Once they refused to serve me, and I was in absolute shock for their reasoning, other employees got involved and my medical condition was being discussed in front of another person that was there for a service.I couldn't help thinking, the real reason they refused to serve me was they all wanted to get back to their Wendy's.This was the last promotional deal that I will buy from a independent massage/spa. Luckily, Groupon refunded me immediately after hearing the story. No questions asked. I guess sticking with reputable spas like Qua at Caesars, and the spas at Red Rock and Green Valley are worth the money. This is super unfortunate for the smaller businesses in Las Vegas because I believe in this economy, it is the locals, that support the community and privately owned businesses.
4	Bought a groupon for 2 hot stone therapy massages w/ aromatherapy.  So far I have only used one.  I went and the therapist used a very intense deep tissue technique that was a little painful but effective.  My neck felt a lot better, although at times during the massage I wanted to cry.  I drank lots of water and took it easy for a few days and did notice a huge difference, so although it wasn't what I expected, I agree that it worked!  I noticed a decrease in headaches and irritability as well.The atmosphere is a little weird.  It is in an older office park and there were employees from other businesses smoking outside, which is not what you want to experience when you leave your session.  It was a little hard to find, and even with a good idea of where I was going, I had to make a U-turn to get into this office park.  The office seemed small and ideal for a really small company, not a spa-like atmosphere.  I think a change of location would do them a world of good and make me feel more comfortable about going back.  Also the receptionist was talking about playing Facebook games and it was a little awkward...it seemed like it was kind of a shady operation at first.  I felt like her attitude and the office environment detracted from the professionalism of my massage therapist.
1	What a joke.  I had a groupon and got a massage here a few months ago.  Not a horrible experience (even though the place isn't that nice inside and the staff is meh).  I called about a month ago to book a massage/facial for my best friend and I while she was in town, as a treat for her (her first facial and a pre-natal massage).  They called last night to confirm.  Then less than 3 hours before our appointments, they call to say that their facial person is sick, but we can still come in and do back-to back massages.  Yea, that's what we want to do, sit there for an hour in this ghetto office while we wait for the other person to get their massage.   I called back to tell them to cancel and no apologies or anything.  Just okay, bye.  Guess they keep getting one time customers from Groupon and don't care about repeat customers.   I took the night off work for this.  Screw this place.  Thanks for ruining something we've been looking forward to.
5	Tried my first professional massage here and I loved it! Used the groupon deal and now I will be coming back here when I need a massage. Have to drive 30 mins away every time but it's worth it! I also bought one for my best friend so I hope she loves it just as much as me!
2	It's a hard to find place with a not so very professional look. The people were nice but the massage was horrible. I have a high pain tolerance but the gentleman twisted my arm in painful ways. The table was rather uncomfortable, my face was always touching wood. I also noticed a huge bottle of grapeseed oil in the trash can. I wouldn't recommend, find another place!
3	Staff was great. Everyone was really nice. The massage was meh. I felt really crappy afterwards and actually more sore. I asked for certain areas to be focused on and those areas went untouched. I kept anticipating the massage getting better the entire time.... But it didn't. I wouldn't pay for another massage there. I wish I could say better things because the people are super nice... But I don't want people to go expecting a lot and getting disappointed.
