5	what an interesting place for Japanese groceries. It looks kinda suspicious from outside, but the inside is surprisingly very clean and well organized. I found most of items to be fresh and reasonably priced.  But when I went in, thigs were a little chaotic just for a small  sashimi platter that some getleman was waiting for. (didn't know they could do this kind of service) Other than that, everythign is excellent.
5	Having lived in NJ I previously had access to H-Mart (and on occasion, Mitsuwa) for hard-to-find Asian items, so when we first moved to Madison I was afraid I would have to drive down to the Mitsuwa in Chicago or ask friends to mail Japanese items. But I couldn't have asked for better -- the Oriental Shop is a cozy, family-owned shop that carries most of the basics and for the first time, all the Japanese items on my shopping list. Not much produce as another reviewer pointed out, and it's a little non-descript/tucked away from the outside, but the owners are very friendly and helpful. When I asked about umeboshi (I'd only seen umezuke on the shelf, which isn't quite the same), the owner pointed me to 3 different kinds and explained the pros/cons of each before letting me decide what I wanted. I love this place already and will definitely be a frequent customer!
5	Unique items, if you like Japanese food or are looking for something besides mac-n-cheese/wonder bread, then a stop here is a must. Its easy to miss on Park st, in a house next to (I believe) a Mexican restaurant and by whatever that carnival thing is. also before you go- remember cash only, so hit up an atm (there might be a couple on/near campus); but dont let that put you off, everything is very reasonably priced. I'd add this opinion comes from a guy who wont buy clothes (or much else) retail due to guilt over markup- when youve been to china and realize what things actallly cost, you too may find yourself confused and upset over a minimum 30-800x price hike... But now back to the review:The inside is a tad cramped by US standards, but the use of pace is so remarkable I always wonder how they manage to possibly have such a wide variety (minus tons of produce, as mentioned elsewhere) of items, from my favourite brand of iced green tea, to the Exact anpanman rice-milk biscuits I had in mind-but expecting to find- for a teething 2yr old, to a nifty onigiri press for lazy, busy me that eliminates mishapen crumbling rice blobs. Even fresh sakura-mochi, ready-made sweets to go with tea, etc. I could go on forever- its like a Lawsons or Japanese 7-11; I spent some time in Japan and quickly found the 24hr place- it had Everything I could want and then more- eventually my budget was drasticly impacted by a addiction to Japanese junk-food: esp canned IceCoffee(I had several fav brands, 6-12cans/day, inc. a BossSuper7 at the kiosk down the train platform, running, 34sec to toss exact change on counter, point/grab, run & just make it as train dooors closed), & Japanese flan/pudding- available to my delight @ this store. My host family actually became concerned over my food splurging, but it was worth every yen.Now this isnt a 7-11, in fact I'd say the variety is much wider and (excepting 'my' brand of icecoffee), they stock things that I ve never seen anywhere else in the states, certainly madison, and I always end up finding some obscure product I'd not realisticly expect to find each time I go there. So yeah- they probably have what youre looking for, how? magic I suppose, I dont question with puddig placed in front of me.The owners seem to be a Japanese couple-very nice; and the customer service here beats anywhere I can recall. If you're overwhelmed by the array of goods & looking for calpis (...guilty)- the lady at the desk knew right where everything I wanted was, reccomended alternatives that I actually liked better, and answered every one of my questions, explaned details and differences in various products, reccomended how to prepare what needed preparing, with patience and genuine helpfullness that showed no sign of annoyance or frustation that one might reasonably expect asking so many questions at any other store. Again, If you dont know what youre looking for or you have a huge list, dont forget to ask the kind lady working there, youll probably learn something & definately save time scanning the shelves. In addition, I must point out just how good the service is; I had a question (technical issuse that my rusty ability to understand the Kanji on the package resuluted in), called the store days later, left voicemail, & figured "oh well Ill ask next time I go, no one bothers calling back ...". within a couple days I recieved a call, sure enough It was the lady from Oriental Shop, ready to answer my likely-absurd question and also even appologized for the delay in responding as they had been out-of-town! Now, I was impressed I actually got my call returned; and I never felt there was a delay to begin with so They must take carefull attention to detail. In a time when incresinly I find even places I'm a regular at treating me like a very unwelcome nuisance for no reason, such great customer service really sets this place apart.Oh, that and the food and other items that I, at least, can't find anywhere else not near Kansai provice. Sorry for the double negative, forget that, and go and support your local small bussiness!
5	One of my favorite places in Madison! If you are looking for traditional Japanese grocery items, this is the place to be. My roommate is half Japanese and grew up learning about cooking Japanese cuisine. When I brought her to this store, she said "this is so legit!"They have fresh fish every other week that can be used for sashimi. If you need a specific amount of fish, you can request to have it cut. I would suggest calling ahead of time if you are stopping by just for the sushi grade fish as the kind you want may not be cut yet. Making my own sashimi was actually better than some of the Japanese restaurants I've been to in town.The store owners are nice and you can tell this place is family owned and operated. At the front counter, the woman who works the register is super nice. She was able to answer any questions I had. They also make sure you are going to take proper care to prepare the fish by taking it home and refrigerating it right away.
4	From the outside this place looks like a gift shop or something like that, but this is the place to go for sashimi-grade fish in Madison if you want to make sushi at home (if you're in Madison, you can make better sushi at home than you can get at a restaurant, for a lot cheaper!)  They get in fresh fish every other Saturday but aside from that they have plenty of frozen on-hand.  I'd give them 5 stars but this place is really small, really crowded, and the couple of times I've been there, really busy.  The people working there are very nice and friendly which is good because you will need their help to find what you want without randomly digging through the freezers!  Probably the only place in town where you might find Anpanman pastries by the checkout or Pocari Sweat powder...Cash only.
5	This place is wonderful. I shopped here today for the first time. I came in 10 minutes before closing yet the woman who helped me was incredibly friendly and helpful. She answered all of my questions and showed me all around the shop. They have a great selection of sashimi grade fish that comes in every other Saturday. She said they are more than happy to fill special orders as well. When I went to check out, I found out that it was a cash/check only place which I didn't have. Even though it was past closing time, she offered to stay open while I went to get cash. So nice! I will definitely be a frequent customer!
5	Since moving to Milwaukee, this is one of the businesses I miss most. Sure we've got like 3-4 Asian food stores and even one that is family owned like Oriental Shop, but there are definitely Japanese items I can't find -- even at Pacific Produce. Next time I'm in Madison I'm picking up the goods! Two things of Otafuku Yakisoba Sauce for sure!
5	I've been stopping here for my sushi-grade fish and other asian necessities for over 16 years. The selection and customer service is excellent.Fresh sushi-grade fish comes in every other Saturday (frozen is available all the time), and the owner can special-order items for you if you let her know what you need. If you become a regular, she'll even occasionally throw in samples of new products or other items she thinks you might enjoy. (I went home with an octopus head once.)Point of note: you might have to defensively elbow-shop the silver-haired ladies out of the way if you want to get top choice of some of the fish; their elbow jabs can be wicked!There's also a nice selection of noodles, sauces, frozen goods, Japanese sweets and candies, loose leaf and bagged teas, as well as glazed ceramic teacups/pots and some minor household goods.The only con, if you can call it that, is the size of the store. She intentionally keeps it small (the first floor of an old house), and it's organized really well, but when it's busy, there's an element of O-Shop Customer Jenga that takes place to move people around and ring up the sales.
