5	Great service and a cool setup! Cool employees and friendly.  Prices are great!  Great selection of eliquid.
5	This is a great shop with very knowledgeable employees and high quality products. I came in not knowing much about vaping. The friendly staff explained the health benefits, monetary savings, and many of the products. I had the opportunity to try everything before making a purchase in a very relaxed and comfortable environment. I wouldn't go anywhere else! If your in the market for high quality juice or in the area looking for a place to kick it with some good guys this is the place to go!
5	Very excited this shop opened. These guys really know their stuff! They seemed to have all the newest lines of product and I couldn't decide which juice I wanted between the multiple brands since I got to try almost all of them. I just picked a few delicious flavors and figured I would try the rest when I come back in. The next time I'm there I will actually hang out with the guys longer and chat more or listen to the good music and enjoy the atmosphere. Once again, I'm very glad this shop opened.
5	This is the best shop around!!  Great guys!! Great Product!! Most importantly, when I started this, I had so many problems with the equipment I bought off of the web, these guys helped me figure out different products, taught me the different things that happens with the tanks or wick's and has gained my trust to where I won't go anywhere else.  Thanks guys for ensuring I won't go back to smoking cigarettes ever again.  You're the best!!!!
5	Great atmosphere and people. know their e-juice, mods, ecig and know how to get what you need done. Glad this place opened,  and you would be a sucker to pass it by.
5	This is one of the best vape shops in Arizona. They have great juices and great customer service!! Love them!!
5	Excellent  people, Great service, its just a fantastic place to come to with upfront     honest people who know their stuff and will go out of there way to take care of you!!!
5	This place dope. I'm from San Diego ca, and there some crazy vape shops there. This place reminds me of them. They new but they got good shit!! Mario's the man, he helped out my buddy buy a new mod and helped me with my wick. Really helpful and chill place to be. Definitely coming back here when I'm in town again.
5	Hands down, the best vape shop in the east valley.  Whether you are a seasoned and sage vaper or a brand newbie, you've come to the right place.  Knowledgeable staff, great stock and fantastic hand crafted liquids.  You won't be disappointed!
5	I was sick of the rude people and crap product at the shop by my house in QC, so I thought I'd give these guys a shot. Very impressed. You get to sample the juice before you buy. The young man there was very friendly and knowledgable about his products. Not you ordinary juice, they are what would call gourmet. I went with Fire In The Hole and Melon Mashup. The shop is out of my way, but I will be back. They also have a referral program.
5	Stopped in this week before a big business meeting, just to look around and see what I could see.The staff were knowledgable, friendly, and incredibly helpful teaching me about their products (which I did buy one) and trying multiple juices. They set me up entirely before I left and I was 110% impressed with the entire experience because I was able to accomplish so much in twenty minutes!Definitely will stop back in when I am in town next!! Thanks y'all!!
5	Mario knows what he is doing. Very good at helping you build and knows his juice. Always a hard worker and very knowledgeable. Love stoping in to say hi and see new juice and mods in the store. Best store in Gilbert!!!
5	I have been doin' my Vape thing with Kickin' It for almost a year now!!  Amazing guys and always helpful and ready!!  Knowledge above par and awesome juice selection!!
