2	This Barnes and Noble is OK.  The bathrooms are good, but they close really early.  The one on Maryland and the one on Rainbow are better.  Its really hard to browse books now, since they took out all the chairs.  Now the store looks like a homeless shelter, with people now sleeping or reading on the floor...
3	I find the books, periodicals I need by myself. Boo to employees.
4	One of my many safe havens while here on an on-again off-again extended stay in Las Vegas.  Sure it's just a chain bookstore, so really in terms of selection or value there's not much difference between this store and then next chain bookstore, but it's fairly large location, so the overall availability of books is good.  And if there happens to be a title you can't find, the staff is super helpful in ordering it for you, calling you when it gets in, and holding it for you at the counter - so props for great customer service.  As others have mentioned there's not a ton of seating, but I've always thought it was little skeevy to just pick up a book in a store and start reading it BEFORE you've purchased it - this is not the LIBRARY people.  Anyway, seats aside, the store is well-managed, well-stocked and clean, which are pretty much the only things you really need from a mega-retailer...oh and an adjacent source of caffeine...that helps too :)
4	This is one of the better Barnes and Noble locations in town, not to mention the closest to this reviewer's house. And unlike that one on Rainbow, this one DOES have a video section.Barnes and Noble carries all things books. Be it reference, works of fiction, periodicals, there is a little bit of everything here. Any subject you could possibly want a book on, there is a good bet you'll find something in here. The video section is top-notch selection-wise, but their prices are considerably higher than big box stores. They make up for this with a good selection of obscure titles, but you might just want to go to Zia for that stuff. Still, every now and then they DO have good sales in this department.Additionally, there is a small section featuring board games and the like, basically things that can make good gifts. A Starbucks Coffee location is featured here as well, complete with outdoor patio area.To be honest, I haven't had to ask the employees for much in here. But when I do have a question, they are generally attentive and help me quickly. I haven't had a problem with any member of their staff, ever. The major complaint I have with the store is that they move stuff around every few months. The way I see it, if the store layout ain't broken, don't fix it! This makes it a huge hassle to find what you're looking for if they have just done a renovation. Additionally, their frequent buyer program must be paid for, whereas the one at Borders is free. All in all this is a top-notch bookstore, I just wish they had better prices on their (not on sale) movies and that they wouldn't move stuff around so often. The store gets a firm recommendation though.
3	I came here recently with my husband because I had a coupon for 10% off any item, and he needed some new reading material. He was looking for some books on specific subjects but was unable to find them, the book selection at Borders down the street seemed better. Barnes & Noble does have a large selection of magazines, we both found a couple items in that area we wanted. When we were about to check out a book behind the counter caught my husband's eye so he asked the cashier to see it... The cashier grabbed it for him and then proceeded to become extremely chatty. Too chatty. One perk to this location is the Starbucks inside. Otherwise, I prefer Borders.
4	I come to this location about every other Tuesday for the storytime they have for the kiddos at 10am. It's a nice event they put together. They ready a story and then it's craft time. It's all free and very nice. My mommy group meets up here and the kids have a blast. As for the store, it's actually really nice. They have a nice selection of books on sale. They also have a great section of toys for the kiddos..kinda weird that it's so big but I like it. There is also a Starbucks inside..a plus for me!
3	always busy here
3	This is your typical B&N, nothing more, nothing less-I've definitely spent more time than money in here because well, I enjoy browsing. The books are retail expensive, but if you don't mind waiting a lot of your favorites or books on you "should read" list will likely end up in their large bargain section where you can usually get old bestsellers for under $10. They have a B&N cafe (formerly Starbucks) which pretty much has the same drinks, a different variety of pastries and snacks and plenty of seating. Naturally on the weekends it's going to be more crowded so I wouldn't recommend going there to study during their busy hours, but for the most part people respect the fact that it is a quiet area and things rarely get noisy. The cafe also has a nice outdoor seating area, so when the weather's nice you can enjoy your new purchase and coffee outdoors.What I like most about this B&N is their extensive cookbook section. ALthough I've yet to figure out how it's organized (sometimes it seems alphabetized and other times it seems like someone pulled all the books out and switched them around...). They have pretty much all of the Food Network personalities' cookbooks as well as a pretty good selection of vegan, vegetarian and alternative diet cookbooks. They change the display from time to time to feature those books so you can always bet you'll come across something new and interesting.Since I rarely buy anything, I can't really comment in-depth on the staff. My interactions with sales associates have always been pleasant. If they see you browsing they'll ask you if you need help without making you feel like you need to buy something even if you've been in there for three hours.Overall, a decent branch of a chain bookstore.
1	The service at the  Barnes and Noble cafe is horrible. I drink coffee at least twice a day and it would have been extremely convenient to go there, but instead I would rather drive the extra mile for better service. How they stay in business with that kind of service blows my mind. If you don't like your job quit, don't torture your patrons with your nasty attitude.
1	Employees at the cafe are horrible!!! I work nearby, and would probably frequent this place five days a week if it weren't for the awful customer service. No smiles, no "have a nice day," multiple messed up orders, attempts at small talk rebuffed, etc. I could go on and on. I've given up on this place. Good thing other Starbucks are easy to find!
3	Typical B&N. Nothing interesting or different from any other location. Nowadays, I'm a Nook girl. But I needed an actual book for a gift. So I found myself in a B&N for the first time in a looong time.It's always so overwhelming to me. I never know in what area to look. It can be fun when just browsing or killing time. But when in search of a specific book, it is just frustrating. Thankfully, there is this lovely customer service booth in the middle of the store. The line can get rather long, but the wait is better than wandering the store aimlessly. And the customer service staff are always so helpful and nice. When in search of a specific book, just go here first and they can look up exactly where in the store it is. Hint: You can go online first and do a in-stock search, so you can be sure the book you want is available at this particular B&N.
2	I love books. I love bookstores. I do not own a kindle or a nook. So i tend to buy real books. The kind made from paper. It is rare though that i get a chance to stop by the bookstore. I wasn't missing anything except a future bodily injury just for standing in the wrong spot. I could see that this store was changing the layout of some sections. They were adding a toy section. SoI guess i don't understand the older gentleman wheeling around a dolly and nearly running over my two year old, twice. No pardon me. No excuse me. Sir i know you are older, so i am sure that manners were around when you were a child. I like browsing i doNot like almost being ran over!!!!!! There is not an angry mob of early Christmas shoppers just waiting for you and your magic, kid smashing dolly to get all of the holiday crap set up in OCTOBER. Rude. I felt like i was in his way. Guess some people don't care about the real human shoppers. I did spend over $100 picking up a few books. The girl that rang us up was less than friendly. Asked if i had a membership card. I said no. That was that. No offer to get a membership. Just a buy my crap and leave attitude.  I believe this is the only bookstore in Henderson now. Love the selection. Guess i will stick to Amazon from now on though. At least I am not in anyone's way while I shop online. The people working there should be a bit more nice toShoppers. I could care less about your Christmas set up. Hope you guys got done with whatever it was in time though. Seemed like an emergency. One important enough that you shit on the customers. Me. I spend a TON on books. But seriously am just sooooooooOver rude ass store employees. Dont they teach you to be nice or maybe to drive the dolly down another path in customer service 101. Guess going around me would have taken upTooMuch chritmas display set up time. Those star wars bobbleheads are not going to  set themselves up. Gotta please the angry mob.
4	Its the classic bookstore, not to many gimmics, they dont go out of there way to smile, but if they dont have a book they will order it. im just glad its here.
4	great books store plus there a Starbucks but not a great selection in lgbt books
4	Barnes and Noble is one of my favorite places to come when I am in this area. The warm, open space, and well light atmosphere makes it the perfect place to pick up a coffee from the attached Starbucks and sink into one of their chairs to read. I am not advocating loitering and using their inventory. I tend to have purchased what I am going to read. It is just nice to have a place to relax after spending your money. The staff are friendly and easy to find if you need some assistance. I am a big fan of Classic Literature and the Barnes & Noble Collection are cheaper by a few dollars compared to other printing companies. The hardcover vintage copies are also nice to line a library with. A book is no longer just for reading. They can be a fashion statement as well.
3	I love B&N.  I'm a bookish sort of girl.  I have a Nook, but I still tend to buy real, paper books too because I like how they feel and smell.  Yes, smell.  I sniff them.  I don't think that counts as huffing.  Don't judge me.Anyway, this location is just okay.  Maybe I'm spoiled... when I lived in Lubbock, Texas, there was a two-story B&N with a lot friendlier associates and a lot bigger Starbucks than this one.  So when I saw this one, I thought it was kinda dinky.I wouldn't say the salespeople are particularly helpful OR rude.  They just... are.  Not really service with a smile, but not service with a snarl either.  Sometimes the shelves are really disorganized, like they haven't been touched for quite a while.  Whatever.  I know I'll still be back... it's B&N.  Now that Borders is gone, it's really all I've got anywhere near my house.
2	I was here a few days ago to buy a book I could not remember the title of. The customer service desk was empty for a long, long time, and when someone finally did come, he didn't look at me and just said "What do you need?" instead of any friendly exchange. While I tried to remember the name of the book, he was literally tapping his foot. He couldn't find it and seemed supremely irritated with me that I had the gall to come to a bookstore and ask for help finding a book. When I left and said, "Don't worry about it," he didn't acknowledge me and continued doing what he was doing before. I want to support local business, even if it is a chain, but I came home and ordered the book I wanted from Amazon.
3	Ive never had problems with rude employees here. Ive never had problems with unfindable books here. Ive never even had problems with filthy dirty bathrooms here. What i do have a problem with is the fact that every time I go to this location, the layout of the books is different. I am "findingly challenged". Meaning i have trouble finding things. I cant find my keys, purse, etc unless i keep them in the same place. Hello? KEEP YOUR BOOKS IN THE SAME PLACE! I promise I won't bug you anymore by asking where you moved the writing section if you just keep it in the same place!Amen.
5	I love walking into a bookstore and being greeted by the aroma.  I love BOOKS fear the inevitable replacement of my beloved paperbacks with nooks and kindles.  Although, I know that the patronage of just one person cannot keep a company afloat I will continue to shop here despite the rudeness of the staff.  Bookstores in Las Vegas are now far and few between and I would hate to see this one close.
2	I happen to just love bookstores and libraries ... so it's pretty hard to tick me off enough for me to leave a Barnes and Noble store angry. But this location accomplished this rare fete Three Times. First, I had to interrupt two workers discussing what time they were going to take their break. They glared at me with their hands on the hip stance and snapped at me. Then they would not give me full price for my return and third when I made a purchase and had $2.30 left on the gift card, they would not give me cash back -- only if it is 99 cents or less. Whatever. The only reason I gave this lousy rude location two stars is because the guy at the cafe took extra care to get my coffee order correct. Thank you for that. Go to Amazon.com for your books and if you want to browse through some check out our local libraries. They are great and we are already paid for the books with our tax dollars.
3	Unfortunately it is one of the few bookstores in town. It is clean but smaller than other Barnes & Nobles but the Starbucks cafe is good and has a big patio to study. My favorite at the moment is the Pumpkin Spice Latte. Yumm!
4	I love going to the bookstore and have been growing more depressed with the inevitable demise of brick and mortar stores. Luckily, this B&N is near by, and I love to stop in at least once a week whether it is to just browse, read, discover great deals in their bargain bins or seek a particular title. I find books and being surrounded by them highly therapeutic. Each time I visit I have been highly impressed by their customer service staff, and feel lucky to have avoided all of the bad seeds so many other reviewers mention. There have been times I walked up to CS desk and just asked for books on a random subject I chose to explore that day. The staff was always extremely accommodating with their suggestions, and have no trouble searching the entire store for your title if it isn't in the specified location. If they can't find or don't carry your title, they offer to order the book to the store without any obligation on your part to come in and purchase it. I think that is a great service. All in all, the customer service has always been well above average, the store neat and organized, and the selection of books vast.
1	This used to be the bookstore I go to if I did not want to wait for a book on Amazon.  After this weekend, I will never return to this store, except for possibly returning the book I did purchase and thats just for a final "take that." So here is what happened, my 9 year old loves books and I mean loves.  We probably spend about 60 bucks a month on books.  We attended an author signing at the Galleria a couple of weeks ago for Brandon Mull.  He writes two types of books, a children's picture book and a pre-teenish chapter book.  Well B&N was at the mall selling his books, and walking around sort of keeping order at the event, which would lead you to believe that B&N had something to do with this.  We waited and waited for the next two weeks until the new Candy Shop book came out.  We went to B&N and found the book, there was only one.  So while we were there we decided lets get the children's book too.  I of course could not remember the name of the book but had a vague picture in my head.  So we found the associate who is assigned to the children's section (thus she should know children's books), and my daughter says we are looking for Brandon Mull's picture book.  Associate looks at us like we are speaking French.  I hold up the Candy Shop book, and say "we are looking for his picture book, I dont remember the name."  Associate says "a picture book?" I begin to feel annoyed, but I'm still being nice at this point. I say "Yes a picture book about this big (I use my hands  to show a size), it was released October 9th ish, just a couple of weeks ago, by Brandon Mull, and it might be called something like Pyro. I really can't remember."  Associate snaps back with "I know who Brandon Mull is."  So I respond back with "it just came out, I really can't remember."  At this point, I am expecting her to just say lets go over to my computer and look because I'm not sure.  Associate returns back with "There is no book called Pyro. Its not named Pyro."  I am not irritated and say back "I know its not Pyro. I said I did not know the name of the book. Its by Brandon Mull and it was just released a few weeks ago (I have expanded my timeframe because I am too irritate to count). Its the kids book. I said it was something short like Pyro."  I turn to my 9 year old who really wants this book and say "You know what nevermind, lets go. I'm not going to sit here and look like an idiot when I already said many times I don't know the name of the book."  Associate finally says "Where you going ma'am? I can look it up on the computer. Ma'am where you going? Ma'am I can look it up. Ma'am where are you going?"  At this point I would like to put Candy Shop down and walk out of the store because this lady made me feel incredibly stupid, but instead I wait in line and purchase the book.  The cashier tried to sell me the B&N card, to which I tell him I will not be purchasing that because after the experience I had in children's with your associate, I rather order all my books from Amazon.  He responds back with a simply "Sorry."
4	I really love going to the bookstore.  I decided some time ago that I wanted to support B&N.  I bought a Nook and buy ebooks from its website.  My daughter received a gift card for a present.  I know that I could have put it on my B&N account and did an online purchase, but there is nothing like looking through the books and pre-reading them.Not many people around to ask questions to, but I kinda like being left alone.  Friendly at check out.  Great selection.  Good grouping of books together.  Probably spent more because of that.  Good time!
4	Nice, organized store with a great selection. When I visited I came for a recipe book and ended up finding a Doctor Who selection of gadgets and toys. One of the staff walked by and said "Just so you know there's another Doctor Who section right over there" to which I pounced to the next. Needless to say I left with more than I intended, haha. Friendly and helpful staff, organized store with the usual Starbucks cafe inside. I'm definitely glad I came here and will certainly be back again. My only wish is that they put a new store closer to my house. Come farther South, B&N!
4	This is my favorite location. There is another one that is much closer to my house, but I always find this one to be clean, and the employees are usually very helpful.  Usually. ;)I love the selection, and the fact that I have never once...not in 4 years of shopping here, been approached by anyone selling a nook. I'm all for electronics, but I love books.  I love the way they smell.  I know, that's weird, but I do.  I always have.The only bad experience I've had was when an employee told me in May that the new Neil Gaiman book wasn't coming out till the end of September...  I bought it on June 20th.  So...I don't know what SHE looked up, but it wasn't what I asked for.I'm always ok with spending a lot of money here...I'll buy books, journals, magazines...my nieces and nephew get B&N gift cards for birthdays and Christmas.  All in all, a very nice location, and nice staff.
3	Great book selection.  Not a comfortable place to sit and skim your book before you purchase. Overall an okay experience.
5	As always, a good place to find the perfect book! But that day, I went to support a friend for her Book Signing event. She and her group performed some tap dancing routines, after which she signed copies of her books to waiting customers. A good time was had by all!
4	If you love to not only read books, but people watch this is a great spot.  I spend thousands of dollars in this bookstore annually because I often donate books to institutions. (I know, I'm super sweet) So bc of that I have a BARNES & NOBLES credit card that I use for points. Every 2500 dollars you spend (also online ordering you get even MORE discounts) you will receive a $25 gift card. Sometimes I get 2-4 giftcards a month. I love using them for cafe treats, or getting books you don't have to pay for bc you have an abundance of gift cards! Just understand that if you have STARBUCKS cards you CANNOT use them there. They are strictly B&N only. They make sure, even with gift cards that the money goes back into the bookstore 100%.I give the store 4stars bc there is limited seating, especially with outlets for the computer. Also there's one annoying lady that seems to always harass me for sitting on the floor, reaching too high to get a book or whatever else she feels like bitching about.  I went and complained about her (you have to be annoying for ME to complain) and I believe some others had too, bc multiple staff knew who she was before I could say everything. She doesn't mess with me anymore, but if she does....I'm ready!
1	I can't even reiterate on how dissatisfied I was with the customer service one of the staff members provided. I came here with my boyfriend to study and first off let me start by there are very limited chairs and tables.. but what really set it off was my boyfriend was sitting on thr floor with his laptop charging and the Caucasian lady with the glasses rudely approached him and said "Excuse me sir we dont pay for you to use our electricity". Now I understand they have policies to abide by but I know damn well she could've said it politely. Also, why dont you cover the outlets so it doesnt confuse anyone to plug their charger in. Not only did that obnoxiously rude remark piss me off but every two seconds she was monitoring our every move. She was eating too while intrusively staring at us. I couldn't discern whether she was on her break or not and had nothing better to do with her life. As I was leaving thr store, she followed us up there as if we stole something. Cant say I won't be back. But watch out for that crazy lady !
1	The worst customer experience we have ever received! My family and I were going to purchase some new books like we have done many times before but the way we were treated by a B&N employee (older women wearing glasses) was anything but family friendly! If you're a miserable person please refrain from dealing with the public. Looks like Amazon will have to be my new book source.
1	Lady with bronze hair with a glasses is really bad. She work in Starbucks. She ask customer to leave because we didn't buy anything !! Fuck you We comes to this location many times n every times we always buy drink or magazines. No more Barns n Noble
3	Nice clean bookstore with clean bathrooms.  Stopped by and bought a notebook for my trip.  Standard bookstore.  Older female cashier completed my purchase at the register.  Didn't greet me when I came up to the register, but did say "have a nice day" at the end.
2	This place is OK. I went looking for about 7 books for my Literature class. I ended up buying double of each book (had to buy for my friend in the class) plus 2 for pleasure reading and it cost me 180 dollars! I mean I know I bought alot but jeez....also there are only 2 very small tables in the very back to sit down at. The workers were helpful but when I started listing off the books I needed, one girl asked if I was looking for movies. Um, no. These are books made into movies....youd think someone working in bookstore would know that. I became a member just to get 15 dollars off but I probably won't be back soon.
1	TERRIBLE SERVICE AND HORRIBLE RETURNS. DEHYDRATED SPINES ON THEIR BOOKS, CAUSING THEM TO BREAK. (they must store their books improperly)After getting half way through a book, it broke. All at once. So I took it in for a return.... the pages are in good condition, I did not take it in the water, or have it under any duress. This paperback book is completely falling apart. The cover is completely off the book, and the book itself split in 3 pieces. The spine is clearly dehydrated. The day this book broke, I took it in to just get a replacement, not a refund, just replaced, so I could continue to read it. I was told I was 4 DAYS outside of my return policy, The checker said it shouldn't be a problem but she needed to check. The manager said she could not take it. This Manager has worked for the company for 18 years, as she expressively told me. Her name is Kathleen.I was stunned by the abrupt manner in which she dealt with me. The manager was rude, short and clipped with me. She was almost looking for a fight, which stunned me. She was unhelpful, and was telling me it was my fault.... of the thousands of books I've read, never in my entire life have I ever seen a book fall apart like this. I am outside of my 15 days because I bought 2 books at that time, in a series. I cant read 900+ pages of 2 books in 15 days. They could see that on my account.How I was treated in store was unbelievable. I will not shop at any barnes and noble. Their lack of customer care was appalling. I will find somewhere else to purchase books. I also called, seeing if we could do anything and the manager was awful on the phone,  she actually said "if you had a receipt maybe it would be different..." I told her I DID have a receipt, and had told the cashier that. Then, she hung up on me.
4	I love bookstores! There are only three B&Ns left in town and I like coming to this one because it is convienent and the staff are super friendly! It's your typical B&N bookstore, nothing special. Just go in and if you can't find anything you're looking for ask the staff and they'll be happy to help! Also a good place to study during the week too. =]
4	My consistent gripe with book stores recently is the same. Why are there no longer comfy places to sit and read a book? I realize that it's not a library and that they actually want you to purchase things, but I always remember book stores being a little more relaxing and a little less commercial. Dunno. Also, the book that I wanted isn't out in paperback yet so I had to get a $30 hardback. Perhaps not the fault of Barnes and nobles, but annoying nonetheless. Lastly, the guy who was working the customer service counter, as well as the girl who rang me up where both very pleasant.
3	I shop here often, but i wish that it was made easier to find what i want. I dont think the books are alphabetized. Instead, there are placed in their general area of interest. Also, there is usually only one person at the podium for assistance, and that person is usually busy with a million other customers, so I end up having to search for myself. It would be nice if there was a computer that is made available to the customers so we can check their inventory ourselves. I remember years ago this used to be standard in the store; or maybe I am thinking of Borders. Either way, this is a must.
5	Friendly, clean, and well organized store.
