1	Beware: The following review contains spoilers. Handy capped dude gets turned into a vampire.That's about it.Wow. Just wow. We spent the entire time that we managed to stay there trying not to burst out into laughter. This show..well...IT BITES. It BLOWS. It SUCKS and the cherry was when we were trying to slip out of the show one of the performers walks by us and growls at us. Yes. We couldn't help but start laughing then.The only pros? Boobies. But you can see those all over Vegas, they seem to grow on trees. Save yourself the torture and just lose your money at the slots - it might be a better time.
2	We only went because we found a 2 for 1 coupon on the internet - http://www.vegas4locals.com/coupons.htmlThe show was only about an hour long and all set to 80s music to tell the story - which was pretty funny in and of itself. The dancing was fine, but nothing to write home about.  If you've never seen a topless show it is pretty amusing, to say the least. Compared to 'Jubilee' (just as cheesy) this was a modern twist on a typical burlesque show - no big head dresses here, just fangs. The tops come off and on throughout, some audience participation but nothing to be scared of. Have a couple of drinks and be amused. Just don't expect to be wowed AND be careful not to laugh too loudly as you might attract the vampires' attentions. ;-)
4	Me, my wife and 2 friends actually loved this show.  Granted we were in the Front Row, so we got to see all the girls REAL CLOSE UP :)As with everything in Vegas, you either have to be in the Front Row or Vip to truly enjoy anything.I thought the music was awesome, (80s Rock).Girls were HOT!  It ended up being much better than I expected.  Dont get me wrong, it is not like Circe De Sole, or Blue Men, but then again the tickets are only $45 and sometimes you can get coupon discounts.If you like seeing beautiful women do some hot topless dancing, then you will enjoy this show.
1	We got two for 1]one tickets due to the fact we stayed at the stratosphere.  10 guys in town for a convention and i say half price and tits and they are in.  So we go there and had great seats.  The line to get in was long and slow  so it must be good right.  I think the reason for the long line is so that you buy  drinks from their bar outside.  The show had a few high points like the girl and guy that spun from the roof top on a twisted sheet.  Most the girls had small racks, and the one that had big puppy's was out of view due to the smoke show.  The dude is a total creep, not like the guy who works on your car......more like the guy who steals it.  It would have been a good show if it told a story everything was just random.  I get that guys like us are not going for a story but if its about the tits then cut the smoke lol.
4	My girlfriend and I went to Vegas 2 weekends ago and my timeshare gave us 2 tickets for Bite.  We got there 5min late, and they sat us all the way in the front.  Any closer and I would require cookies for the milk I was about to suckle.  I could have done without the vampire and singer dudes.  All the girls were good looking and their boobs were nice (on the smaller side, but boobs are boobs and I loves them all).  The guy and girl that hang from the ceiling were awesome and have to be great athletes.  Unfortunately, when my girlfriend took a pic with the female cast afterward, they had shirts on.  If it hadn't been free, I would have asked for my money at that instant.  ALL HAIL THE BOOBIES!!!
3	This is worth seeing.  If ever there was a cheesy Las Vegas show, this would be it.  The women were beautiful, the men, were cheesier then hell - and the music rocked.Anything set to a 70-80s classic rock soundtrack cant be ALL bad right?  Throw in some breast bearing women - and it's a show.   What I don't understand is how this theatre operates.  Anytime I have ever acted on stage, or gone to theatre, when the curtain is drawn, the doors are locked.  I spent a lot of time being distracted by the amount of people the ushers kept on filing in.  It takes away from the show completely.Anyway, if you are in Vegas, check it out - there are a lot of two for ones floating around the Stratosphere, so grab those then see the show.  its worth it to see at least once.
4	Just watched this show .... it isn't too bad. There isn't all that much to the story line but the dancing is good and of course there's nothing really better than a bunch of girls dancing on stage topless. That should make it all worth it to go watch, especially if you pick up one of those 2-for-1 coupons.There are also some aerial acts in there and some acrobatics which makes the show more interesting to watch, although the people they supposedly pull out of the audience are very obviously not a real part of the audience. Not a real big deal though because they did add a lot to the show.
3	Topless vampires ...how could this be that bad? Don't pay attention to the story. Enjoy the humor involved and the 80s rock, and remember you are in the Stratosphere. We got a cheap deal cause we stayed at the hotel. Probably too pricey otherwise.
1	Oh, man. Bite is the most laughable, cheesy show I've ever seen, in Las Vegas or otherwise. Stratosphere is laid out like a cylindrical turd, meaning you'll have to walk through tons of shit before you finally get to where to want to be. When you finally get to the theater, you're shown inside and are seated at tables with other people. Weird, especially if, like my husband and I, you are seated next to a guy who looks like a twelve-year-old kid and who happens to be there with his parents.I don't even know where to begin after that. There are sexy female vampires. Once they bared their asses, they lost all vampiric credibility with me. Then their coven leader...can I just say, "Bahahahahahaha!"? If you've ever seen WWE wrestling, you know who the Undertaker is. Well, the coven leader of all these sexy vampires is apparently the Undertaker's doppelganger. Cue cheesy rock music every time he appears.There is a vampire with a shaved head whose only purpose is to yell, "Yaaaaaaah!" I'm serious. You're laughing and wondering how this could be possible, but it's true.At one point, there is some respectable work done by a female performer doing either silks or Spanish web, I can't remember which. Don't be scared when they ask for audience participation. The only people who end up actually participating are actresses pre-planted in the audience.One of the actors has a great voice, although I honestly can't remember his contribution to the actual plot. At that point, I was just trying too hard not to laugh. I think I was wearing my signature, "What the fuck IS this?" look the whole time. Remember in "Forgetting Sarah Marshall," where the guy writes the over-the-top, vampire opera? Substitute the worst rock music ever for the opera music, and substitute hard-working girls who happen to like dancing topless for cute puppets, and you've got Bite.Save your money. Either go to a strip club if you want erotic dance, or go see a Cirque du Soleil show if you want an artsy, cool performance.
3	this show was hilarious.  if i had paid i would have been pissed but luckily i somehow ended up on the list.classic rock, tits, some fire stuff.   ehhh.
2	Got free tickets, the music was good, so it was not to bad, but if i forked out the 50 bucks for tickets I would be greatly disappointed, its pretty chessey,but there is one guy in it that has an amazing voice that really saved the show. the girls are good dancers, but that's all i can say about that.
3	The words to describe this show.....Interesting. Weird. The shock value quickly diminished and one naked boob became just another naked boob. The aerial acrobatics was by far the coolest thing about this show. I can't even begin to imagine the kind of shape these people have to be in to be able to pull off any of the stunts successfully without falling to their death or slamming into the audience and knocking someone out. It was like Cique de Soleil meets a gothic, Cinemax-quality, late night "adult movie". The music throughout is great! That alone entertained me. As for the story line? Meh. If you have about $50 to blow and you are staying at the Stratosphere, see it. It's not bad at all. It isn't my favorite, but it definitely has potential to become better.
4	I got my tickets for $30 at the tix 4 less, sales stands along the strip.  This was something both my friend and I, really wanted to see, we are really into the vampire books.  Yes we are both straight, seeing topless women is like being at the gym locker room, no big deal.  Sadly we were 30 mins late to the show, because of the construction for those darn condos!  Ugh!  So try to leave like 2 hours before the show if you are on the other side of the strip.  All in all, I liked the show.  The music made me smile because it was so rock n' roll 80's style.  The guy who sang did a really good job.  The women are so skinny and in shape, made me feel like a cow, but I still enjoyed watching them dance.  I had a great time and got to take some pictures with the cast members after the show.  I would see this play again if I could...who knows?
2	It's Vegas.  You have plenty of options.  Please waste your money elsewhere in the city.I still get the giggles when I think about this show.  Saw it last year when we stayed at the Stratosphere Hotel because we got discount show passes.  It was late and we were too tired to venture out.  So, mainly saw this show for convenience purposes to kill our boredom.  Don't be fooled!  Just because this is a topless show, don't automatically think that it is entertaining.  The novelty of boobage wears off after a few minutes.I remember 2 distinct things:(1) The male vampire star looked like a greasy, homeless bum.(2) Two of the guys seated at our table nodded off to sleep.  If topless women gallivanting around a theater aren't enough to keep men awake, then you know this show *must* be bad!Score: 1 star, plus an extra one for the laughs!Bottom line:  This show really does bite, but not in a good way.
2	If you've got to go to a topless show in Vegas, pick another one. The singing/dancing was so-so and the girls on the stage appeared to be even more bored than the audience was .Good for a laugh, but don't waste money on it.
3	When in Vegas you gotta go to see a topless show, if its vampires, or french caberate, pick one and go see it. We got compted tix to see this show, it didn't suck, but it wasn't cirque de soliel obviously. Luckily no one really had lines, it was all music. Good thing. Yes they were dancing, topless. yes it was amusing and entertaining. yes they had some acrobatics thrown in there. They even had a few magic tricks. Yes i was amused. No this show didn't suck.See there is something at the stratosphere worth seeing. Yes there are dudes in this show. *gasp* I know in a topless show they have the nerve to have guys in there?! Oh relax! there's 3 guys in there, and yes two of them had to be there. The third one was just singing, so eh. How else do you expect to do acrobatics in the air without at least one guy? Seriously now.Overall it was pretty good. Its not your average seating in a theatre, more like tables,chairs and booths.
3	Entertaining, but expect lots of cheese. I came in with low expectations so I was easily entertained, although I would've been mad if I had had paid more than $20. As others have said, the plot's weak, but the acrobats are talented. If you're going for sensuality, it's nothing spectacular. There are some attractive women, but for a topless show, nothing that's a "must see." A couple of male entertainers as well. It definitely had some funny moments, some more intentional than others. I didn't feel like I wasted an hour, but I don't feel the need to see it again.
2	So we stayed at The Stratosphere for my birthday, which gave us 2 for 1 discount tickets to this show. We got a "VIP table" for about $79/couple (there were four of us). Basically the story line of this show is about a head vampire guy who has a coven of hot vampire chicks and is looking for love but all he really gets is sex (oh poor him). There's no actual speaking in the show, the story is all progressed through 80's rock music. The story line was pretty cheesey, and the dancing was a bit mediocre. A few of the girl were talented but most were lacking actual dance training. Plus a few of them weren't even good looking (dont know if the guys were actually looking at their faces though). There was a bit of acrobatics mixed in which was the highlight of the show, but otherwise I would say that there's probably a better burlesque show out there to spend your money on.
4	A great little show at the Stratosphere that includes hot topless girls, a dark theme and some rock and roll.... Personally I could not have asked for anything more! Especially since my girlfriend was dragged up on stage and danced with all the girls. Overall a great experience but I definitely would not pay the full asking price. We ended up getting in on a 2for1 coupon. Personally, if was not for that, I doubt we would have went.
3	Wonderfully cheesy! It's topless vampires dancing around. Seriously.I wouldn't pay full price for the show, but as we managed a 2 for 1 deal and were staying at the hotel we figured what the hell. It's chock full of classic rock and 80's rock, some of the dancers are classically trained, others seem to dance like there should be a pole and guys waving singles. Overall, nothing to write home about but still entertaining.
1	Really? Do you have to fabricate a terrible story just to see women topless? If you want to see topless women save your money and go to a strip club. If you wan't to see erotic art go see Zumanity.
3	A topless vampire revue set to rock music? Only in Vegas... Um, where do I sign up?I've read several reviews of this show and it seems like a lot of people hated it. One reviewer wrote, "Bite is the most laughable, cheesy show I've ever seen." Honestly, I couldn't agree more. However, in my world, that's a good thing. While I wouldn't pay full price to see this show, topless vampires + classic rock = a cheesy, great time. You see, my sister is obsessed with vampires. As you know, they're all the rage right now. Twilight. True Blood. Vampire Diaries. You name it, people are eating this up right now. If there was an "I Heart Vampires" fan club, my sis would definitely be the president. So, when I learned about BITE, I knew I had to take her on over to the Stratosphere to see it for her birthday. This was too much fun. Over the top? Heck, yeah. Awesome? Definitely. The best part was rocking out to AC/DC and the like. Those vampires shook us all night long (or at least for 70 minutes) and we loved it.
4	Going into this show (and I only went because friends visiting from out-of-town wanted to), I was all prepared for it be 1 star or less. However, I was rather pleasantly surprised. Now, don't get me wrong, it's a topless vampire show. If you are looking for culture or something arty, you won't find it here. But if you want to be entertained, you probably will be.You can't truly describe the show without ruining it a little bit. But it's totally enjoyable if you are in the right mindset. And be prepared to get pulled up on stage. Literally, half of our group, including myself, did. And yeah, I surprisingly enjoyed it.Looking at it objectively, it's worthy of about 2.5 stars. But I'm giving it 4 stars just because I had such a great time at this show.
3	This was our 2nd time at Bite.  I know, I know, how can you go see a topless vampire show more than once?  Well, we liked it the first time, and wanted to see how the show was now that they have a new Lord Vampire (Russell Hines) since the last time we saw the show back in 2007.What you'll get:Hard rock, high energy show ..Some nice aerial performances ..Topless vampires ..A "fight" scene ..What you'll miss:Antonio Restivo (the original Lord Vampire) and his fire magic - some of you may have seen him on this summer's America's Got TalentWith Antonio as part of the show I give this a 5 .. since he's no longer part of the show, I drop it down to a 3 ..
3	It was an okay show, the girls were great but i am not really into vampires. The seats in the theater are very unconfortable. The music is great though that is the only positive
3	This is a heap rock and roll vampire love story show. I like it. It didn't wow me, but I liked it. The story line was pretty typical. I would watch this is again if I had left over cash from eating.
4	Topless vampire lesbians. Cloth dancers hanging from ceiling. Nunchuck/katana fights. Styx. Drunk dudes yelling obscenities at all the above.  Great performance by all. That being said, two of the erotic rock angels had the WORST boob jobs ever! NASA would have to invest decades in a bra to get those suckers back together again! Other girls were all gorgeous. Come sail away with this show. Worth the money if you're into topless vampires and 80's metal!
2	Don't waste your time or money!Luckily I like 80's music so I could sing along and keep entertained. Is a cheesy stage show with girls dancing who look like they would have more fun sitting and plucking out every hair on their body.I got dressed and ready for this? Where is my rifle?Here's what you do!!!!!!!Rent a Vampire movie...sit on the couch naked!So much more fun!I like boobies...where are they?Boyscouts in bikini's I swear. What is the point in a topless show? I saw more at Chippendales than this show.
3	Ok for cheesy and cheap show bite fits the bill. You can find 2 for 1 specials with a cocktail included quite easily. Not the best show in Vegas but a fun way to kill an hour and a half.
3	Went to check out BITE on my last trip to Vegas.  I've seen tons of shows in Vegas over the last few years.  BITE fell into the "it was okay" category. Without giving too much away, there is no dialogue in the show.  It's purely 80's rock music and topless girls.  The nudity wasn't overboard, which was nice for the ladies with us.  The girls in the show were all pretty gorgeous, some of them super-in-shape. There were a few surprises thrown into the mix of the show.Overall, it was a decent show to see once.
4	I have seen this show twice...it's exactly the kind of Vegas show I love: Boobs, vampires, magic, and classic hard rock and heavy metal!!
4	It was fun! The music was fantastic. Yes, it was very cheesy but if you have the right attitude you'll dig it.
5	My husband and I loved this show. Vampires, classic rock, a little acrobatics, and magic! They could have done the show with their tops on and I'd still give it 5 stars! Sure there was a bit of a "cheesy" factor but it was majorly fun. The girls and guys were all good looking. Not supermodels but who wants that?  Don't buy tickets without looking for a coupon first.  Getting in for half price made it even better.  You have to know what you are getting into and have the right attitude. Theater is small so almost every seat is excellent.
3	Not the world's best show, but not the worst show either.  My husband & I had a 2-for-1 coupon for show tickets, so we only paid $50 for the pair of us to go.  I loved the music (I'm a total hair band girl), and the storyline was cheesy but still engaging.  I probably wouldn't have enjoyed it as much if I had paid full price, but all said and done, it was a good time.
4	Yes it is little cheesy and has a limited storyline, but i was entertained the whole time with great classic rock music, hot girls topless, and lots to look at. Show is about an hour long and it kept me entertained
4	We caught last night's showing of Bite. Great seats, close to the stage, but to be honest, just about any seat in the theatre is going to be a good one.  The music was upbeat, the girls looked great, though I -personally- would have liked to see a little more variety offered in body style, and the dancing was good. The girls who preformed the more gymnastic routines really shined. The aerial acrobatics were well done, if short, and the spot on the ribbon could have been better. And I loved the "Slo-Mo" in the "Fight" scene myself, but overall, it was a fun, cheesy time. I didn't really expect much, to be honest, just wanted to see what a Vegas Vampire show was all about.
2	Disappointing.....girls are medicore in talent and looks.
4	I do not see why people are bashing bite. No it's not Cats or the Phantom of the Opera, but it's a damn good time.  Good music, drinks, and dancing breasts.  And not one bit of spoken dialogue.  WHAT'S NOT TO LOVE!  Music ranges from Ozzy, GnR, Dio to Whitney.  If I wasn't singing one of the songs in my head I was openly learing at the ladies dancing trying to figure out which one was my favorite.  And one of the best parts was the couple sitting at the table with us.  The wife made me spit my drink out when she said, "I'm not bi but after seeing some of those chicks I might just have to rethink that".  For that dude....score!And all of that and I didn't have to take out a second mortgage to see it, highly affordable.
4	Now, I'm going to be honest in saying that I didn't think that this show was going to be as elaborate as it was. I had seen advertisements around the strip basically saying, "Boobs! Vampires! Vampire boobs! Come see them!" And me, being the terrible pervert and vampire aficionado that I am, I went to see the vampire boobies. I ended up getting a coupon off of the Stratosphere website last minute that gave me 2 for 1 seats, so we got there a little after the show started and I bought what was available. We ended up with some seats in the very back. A booth with a table. From the map, I thought I was going to be really disappointed and not be able to see anything. When we got in, it's true that we were a little far from the stage, but not so far as in a larger Cirque Du Soleil theater where you can't even see the performers' facial expressions well. Here, the view is still decent, but the reason I'm giving this show FOUR STARS for the seat alone is because this is the place to go for romance. The booth has a very, very high back and wide space. My significant other and I had this table to ourselves with no one behind us and everyone in front with their eyes glued to the stage. Needless to say, things were SEXAY. I highly recommend going past your instincts and getting a back booth if you go here. You save money and will have a better time.As for the show itself, it was cheesy in concept, but come on. Vampire boobies? You knew it was cheesy when you were going in! And they do have some talented performers. The girls were hot, the acrobatics were awesome (the people swinging around together on those ribbons... HOT), and the music is classic for a reason. The singer that they have is amazing, what with singing a perfect opera tenor and belting out all those classic rock high notes. I got a lot more production value and dancing than I had anticipated, and that's totally cool with me. I do wish they had a little bit more boob showing considering they advertise as being topless, but they are only topless less than half of the time it seemed. The drinks actually weren't that badly-priced considering it's Vegas for crying out loud. I believe I paid $20 for two cocktails, but that's nothing compared to the $30+ for two drinks they try to steal from you elsewhere.
1	I really didn't know what I was getting myself into. But I stayed about 15 mins before calling it a night.Not a huge rock fan and if I wanted to watch women shake their moneymakers about, I could have easily gone to my room mirror and jiggle my jello for free.I need something with guys. Lots and lots of guys. I think I'll go to the Chippendales show at Rio next time.
4	For what it was (a topless revue about vampires), Bite was a fine production, which I saw at half price during Yelp Spring Break.  The dancers all looked to be professionally trained, high kicking and poised in their classy high-heeled shoes.  Along with the statuesque Queen of the Vampires, Flame seemed to display the most personality.  The Rock Angels were erotic, and the Lord Vampire had a suitably loud and deep voice, which contrasted well with the voice of the male tenor.  A male-female aerial act performed gracefully overhead as a  nice counterpoint to the dancing.  Some good magic acts were also competently performed.  There were other interesting surprises, as well, and good hard rock music playing throughout the show.  The view from all seats is a good one.The only puzzling thing to me was trying to understand why the same performers were sometimes topless, and sometimes not.  Not that it mattered!  I just wondered about this as the acts unfolded.To enjoy the show even more, I recommend ordering a Strato-blaster filled with your choice of beverage at the Theatre Bar for $13 with a "Bite" ticket ($5 off) just before being seated, and then slowly draining the fluid out of the tower-shaped plastic container until it is all gone, which will take just about the entire show.    An empty Strato-blaster also makes for a nice Vegas souvenir.
4	I thought Bite was great! There were some "cheesy" moments, but overall I liked it! The girls were all awesome dancers and the one that did the acrobats from the ceiling was incredible!! I disagree with the viewer that said the girls were ugly. I thought they all showed great personality and were "sexy." I'd like to see that viewer get up and do a tenth of what those girls were doing. The fact that the one dancer could climb to the ceiling on a cloth was amazing. I thought that was the best part of the show!!I do agree, the service sucks. Show was 1/4 over before the waitress made her way to our table. If you wants drinks, buy them at the bar outside the showroom before you are seated.We bought the 2 for 1 tickets, seating is great throughout the showroom. Paid $80 for two tickets. I wouldn't have paid that per ticket, though. It was a fun evening and the music was awesome (I was an 80's teenager) and I sang along to almost all of the songs.Go see Bite, its a good time.
4	Hot vampire chicks, classic 80's rock, and acrobatics enough said.....also reasonably priced compared to other shows.....
2	So, after the strip the show have finally made its way to downtown. At the Plaza hotel to be exact. Thats means, after its run, its coming to a dead end soon.What can I say about the show? No plot, lots of dancing girls and nudity. Rock song and whole lotta nothing. Boring more like. You know the show is so so when the only thing you enjoy was the little clip on screen in the beginning of the movie.
2	The music was good...but that was about it. The music is 90's hair metal bands so I thought that was entertaining and the show tickets are much lower than most shows on the strip. But man was it cheesy! The storyline and production are kinda of boring, plus even though I refused multiple times they pulled me up on stage. I had to dance "sexy" while dracula rejected me and pushed me off to the side of the stage( rude! Lol )  So fully embarassed I watched the rest of the show hiding my flushed cheeks. If you want a low cost show and a couple laughs then this is for you but don't expect a large Vegas show experience.
1	This was the worst show I  have ever seen.Not surprised they canceled the show. I was just thankful I got comped tickets because if I paid one cent for this show I would have been pissed. People were walking out halfway through the show.
