5	One of the best brunch places I've ever been to! I'm from the NYC and Philadelphia area, and was visiting Montreal.... I saw a groupon deal for a brunch, and was definitely interested.I just didnt want to be disappointed- and my prayers were answered! This place was SO chic and sweet/savory on your palate--- my husband got french toast three different ways, and it was amazing! (each on of them was divine) and very filling... I ordered a veggie omelet, with amazing side potatoes, a housemade ketchup sauce and was given fruit on the side.We also had a side of crepe, and I simply could not comprehend how it could be that good, without ANY topping (great batter). They also give a great side of french bread, toasted in their brick oven (if I could remember correctly)--- I also ordered a side of jams that they had, which also was wonderful tasting and complemented the bread very well.  If we didn't have our Groupon, I'd go anyway.. it wasn't about the money after visiting this place-- and I should comment that it was VERY reasonably priced (without the coupon).I will ABSOLUTELY be back on my next visits to Montreal--- this one is a winner/keeper and I hope people definitely check it out!
3	Here's another groupon thingy we finally got around to using.. It's located on Laurier, so plenty going around that area in terms of nice little restaurants.  The atmosphere was trendy, small and not necessarily the place for someone dining on a budget.The 2 dishes that we had were the Veal cheeks or something like that, and I had the home made sausage and sauerkraut which came with boiled potatoes and root vegetables.  I added a photo to the review.  It was all very tasty and very nicely plated.I think if I were to come back for supper I would focus on the tapas.  Overall it was a OK restaurant, but probably won't be on my revisit list unless someone else wants to go.My groupon voucher was worth 40.00, and by the end of the night for 2 tapas, 2 mains, 1 desert and 2 beers I ended up paying an additional 90.00 including tip.  Well worth the money, and the service was great.OH and one other think, when I checked in via Yelp I was automatically offered a promo for 29.00 for the same main I had, so try and give it a go!Cheers.
5	Beautiful gem on Laurier Est!! Food was spectacular and the staff was so accommodating to our large group. We tried a bit of everything - the surf and turf, salmon tartare, bison salad, samossas, and much more. Everything was deliciously prepared. Dessert was an extra treat - the dessert chef came out to explain the menu!! The homemade sorbets were heaven. Superb experience all around, and by far our best dinner in Montreal.
4	Great food! Nice staff.
4	we have gone many times for Saturday / Sunday brunch. food is great. My complaint is at times it seems like a day care in there. a lot of screaming kids.
5	My partner and I were in for a pleasant surprise when we ventured to Pyrus for dinner a few nights ago (on a Saturday). With the last review on Yelp being from well over a year ago, we weren't sure what to expect.The service was very friendly, the waiter took our coats before seating us. The restaurant has warm wooden tones and a tea candle on each table, but doesn't feel pretentious. The only faults I could find with the service was our complimentary bread arrived with our appetiser, and I had to ask for my water to be filled once.Initially I was drawn to the lamb on their online menu, but when we arrived, we couldn't resist their seasonal price fix maple inspired menu. The set meal was a masterpiece from beginning to end. The food was so good that I can still remember the tastes days afterwards, and I can still describe the full 5 course menu. I won't go into excruciating detail here, but I will say our 1st course smoke salmon came to the table with the smoke (yes you read that correctly). Our second course of scallop was our favourite dish - and neither my partner nor I would otherwise be caught eating seafood. The main of maple bacon wrapped pulled pork with baked beans was well executed. The 4th course was a great preparation for dessert with a 5 year aged cheddar ice-cream, atop a spoonful of maple taffy. And the pineapple turnover cake was the perfect end to the meal. Maple was incorporated into every dish, but the dishes were so creative that the only thing that tasted like maple was the taffy. I tried to take photos, but my cell phone just doesn't do the presentation of the food justice.For what we received, the quality and creativeness of the select dishes, it was well worth the price fix $50/pp. My partner also had the 4 beer pairings (extra $18) and he loved every one of them. I'm not sure if the 5 course menu is a regular item or not, but after this experience I have the trust that if this place served my most disliked food items, they'd still leave me wanting more.If you're hmm-ing and hah-ing about this one for dinner, just make the leap and try it. Best to make a reservation for a Saturday night though, they were very busy when we got there at 9pm.
