4	This is definitely the place to get cheap eats on the fly!The Need: a good lunch close to my work - hopefully one that I had not been to yet.The Restriction: $7 in singles to my nameThe Rescue:  I reached out to the Phx Yelp community on the talk boards for help with my lunch conundrum and Amanda B. came to the rescue.The Verdict:  I've seen Phoenix House of Pizza and Subs many, many times driving near my work.  Honestly, I always thought it was some sort of front for illegal activities or a place where kidnapped children were kept.  The outside isn't very appealing and the surrounding establishments in the strip mall are a little sketchy and unkempt looking.  So, by association, it wasn't on my list of places to check out anytime soon.I took a co-worker/witness with me (remember...strength in numbers) and headed to get a slice or two.  Inside was very different from the outside perception.  It is a huge space with a lot of dining tables and is very clean minus a few uncleared tables.  We each ordered two big slices - him sausage and me pepperoni, green pepper, and pineapple.  Yum!  It was cooked to order (although a tiny bit burnt) and nice and hot.  You won't find pizza that has sat under the lamps for hours on end.  There are a variety of condiments (red pepper flakes, parmesean, etc.) and they also have a few desserts.  I haven't ventured to the sub side yet - maybe next time.  What's even better?  My two custom pie slices rang in at just under $7.  Oh yeah!So, I didn't witness any illegal activities or see any kidnapped children, but I did manage to have some good eats within my budget and walking distance from my work.  Check it out if you're on a budget and in the area.
4	I've lived in the valley all of my life and have driven past Phoenix House of Pizza and Subs many, many times and always thought it must be some dingy, nasty place where crackheads hang and they serve greasy pizza. How wrong I was. Of course it's nestled in a dirty liitle strip mall off of Van Buren and I still look around to make sure there are no weirdos lurking about, but this place is worth checking out.My husband works nearby and had gone to this place on his lunch break once and said how great it was and I must try it. My first visit I ordered two slices of pepperoni. It was very good and filling. Second trip I ordered a pizza with gyro meat. It was pretty tasty. They also serve home made baklava, which I haven't tried, but it looks very yummy. This place is great for eatin' cheap and a tasty slice of pizza.
4	When I first moved to Phx and found my first apartment, budget was my Secret Word of every day. Yeah, so I moved into a modest studio apartment at 52nd Street and Van Buren. It builds character. Sure, it was western exposure and I couldn't afford to run the AC. Shows endurance. And I learned to spend what little money I made wisely. Fiscal conservatism rocks! Well, part of that meant finding a cheap and nearby place to wash my chonies and other clothes. Finding good eats was coincidental. Every Saturday morning, I'd set my VCR to record X-Men Generation, loaded up my Sportage with a week's worth of dirty clothes and headed to the laundromat at 48th and VB. Initially, I'd stroll on over to the Circle K during the wash cycle, get something that was certain to introduce me to my toilet after the spin cycle and that was about normal. One day, I bravely headed north and stumbled upon Phx House of Pizza and Subs. Like a mirage in the desert, it called out to me with intriguing smells of delishness. It was lust at first sight. The 2 slices of pizza would keep me filled until afternoon and were amazingly tasty. Truly, I found happiness.And so it was, a Saturday ritual whilest my clothing was being laundered I succumbed to the garlicky goodness that is PHOPS. Sadly, I found love and moved to the other side of town and it seemed I was watching an endearing lover grow smaller in my rear view mirror as I drove on. :sigh: I did know what good, economically-friendly dining was. I shall never forget you.Oh, and honey, if you're reading this: You're way better than pizza. Honestly, I mean that. :kiss:
2	This is not the place to go for dinner.  Period.  They have limited evening hours and it's for a good reason.  During the 30 minutes I was there, not a single other soul ventured in.  I think they save the lunch leftovers and schlep them onto the unsuspecting evening customer.I can put up with a lot of things for a cheap dinner.  I don't need good customer service.  I don't need to eat in a safe neighborhood.  I'm not expecting gourmet, either.  But, damn it, when you turn the lights off during business hours while I'm in the middle of chomping down my stale pizza, I'm drawing the line.  Sure, come for lunch.  I'm always a fan of pizza by the slice places, and if my pizza was fresh, I'm sure it would have been good.  Pretty sure, anyways.
4	Love this place for a quick lunch.  All I have had is the pizza.  Combo #2:  2 slice of cheese ( you can add meat for extra $) & 24oz drink for around $5 or so.  The pizza is thin, hot, and melty cheese....  YUM!  Not like NY pie, but great for AZ.
3	Not a bad lunch, but definitely not the best pizza around. I went with the 2-slice lunch special, one pepperoni and one black olive.  The crust is a little crusty for my taste (if that makes sense). Not bad, but I typically prefer either a soft chewy crust or a crispy cracker-thin crust, as opposed to a crunchy and bready crust.The pepperoni slice was decent, but the black olive slice was very strange. There must have been 70-80 slices of olive, so probably about 20 or so whole olives went into this one slice. I'd hate to see their bill for olives. And the olive slices were apparently added after the majority of the cooking was done, which meant they were just loose up there, and fell off immediately when I picked up the slice.I'm sure I'll be back for a cheap quick lunch.
3	I grew up living right around the corner from a Phoenix House. J and I went a few days before I had Baby C. Pizza was decent. Nothing like Streets or Grimaldi's, but better than Little Cesear's. Wings were average. All in all, a good place to stop in for a quick slice for lunch.
4	I LOVE this place! You can keep your corporate cookie cutter sub shops. Give me one that is family owned and recognize you when you come in!
4	Some people might be scared of the surrounding business or the looks but this place is great for a quick lunch. I review things for what they are not comparing to other restaurants that are in different prices ranges and experiences.   I work nearby and walked over for a slice and salad. It was quick, crispy with some old fashioned over burns like I want it. It's clean and the clientele were all normal people just like me. The owner seemed to know people by name and by eating here I'm supporting the local economy and a small family owned business. Very affordable combos starting at around $5.
3	This place has yummy pizza and salads! Haven't tried the subs but they look delish! You will not be disappointed :) Cheesy hot pizza by the slice made just for you! Friendly staff :)
