4	Fruity Pebbles! YAY!They don't have a sign up yet, but we were walking by and noticed they were open and there were happy people inside so they must be, oh yes it was true, giving away free frozen yogurt! They were offering original (vanilla) and pomegranate flavors to choose from, I chose pomegranate. They have fruity pebbles as a topping which made me very happy, since that was my favorite cereal as a kid.
5	Bliss has hands down the best frozen yogurt I have ever had. Their unique blend of imported Italian yogurt with various flavors is truly wonderful. The numerous fresh fruit toppings provide nearly endless combinations which accent the yogurt wonderfully. Fair pricing and a great environment makes this place one of the best dessert places around. Definitely try it out if you are in the area and in my opinion it is even worth driving for. Do not be turned off by the small menu consisting of only a few flavors, once you try it you will be hooked. My favorite is the original. It is NOT a vanilla flavor but is something very unique and is not easily described. Top it with fresh strawberries and bananas for a fantastic treat.
4	I love frozen yogurt! It's like a guilt-free Starbucks' Caramel Machiato (or White Chocolate Mocha). And today I was THRILLED to find one right smack on Mill Ave (Tempe). Apparently it's a chain, headquarter in LA, 2 other stores in Seattle. Tempe store just officially opened a week or so ago.Their yogurt flavors were original, mango (similar to original, with a very very light mango scent), pina colada and pomegranate. Mine was just plain old original, and it was good. My friend got mango and she seemed to enjoy it as well. To be frank, you can't really go wrong with frozen yogurt anyways. We're just excited to have one nearby.Lots of seatings and outlets (laptop friendly) and they're working on setting up wi-fi. The noise in the back (maybe of the yogurt machine) runs and stops, which can get kinda annoying. But aside from that, the place is nice and clean.- The place is in Brickyard area (behind Borders bookstore)- About $3.50 for a small (with 3 topings). - There's a public parking (first hour FREE) on 7th Street.- I heard 2 other frozen yogurt stores (different owners) are also opening soon, 1 on Mill Ave (across from Library and Hooters), 1 on Rural and University (called Yogurtini)
5	Never had frozen yogurt before. But, now I know that this god-sent delicious treat comes in several flavors at Bliss Frozen Yogurt, including POMEGRANATE!! This nice little shop has a very modern, comfortable decor with a front patio that faces the back of The Brickyard fountain. Like it!Bliss allows you to choose of one of several yogurt flavors (pomegranate, mango, pina colada, and regular), with a choice to put 3 topping on. There were so many great choices I did not know what to decide. There was everything from fresh fruit (blueberries, raspberries, mango, strawberries, pomegranate, kiwi, ect.) Also there were cereals, cookies, candies, and nuts. I decided to get the pomegranate yogurt with raspberries, strawberries, and oreo crumbles. Yumm. Recommend this place, BTW ladies, did I mention FAT-FREE!!!
3	I am really not a fan of the "tart" or "fruity" frozen yogurts.  However, this was the best I have tried so far.  The cashier was friendly and gave us samples to try.  They also run a special that for $0.99 cents more you get 3 toppings, so for about $4 I got a small pomegranate yogurt with 3 fresh fruit toppings.  It was all very good and more than enough for 2 people to share.I was a little amazed that this place only offers 2 different flavors of frozen yogurt at a time.  Yesterday it was original and pomegranate.  I was really looking forward to something along the lines of a chocolate, peanut butter, or vanilla flavor.  But oh well I guess.  It was good for what it was but isn't near as good as Golden Spoon.It was a bit weird to me to see a place that specializes in frozen yogurt to have only 2 flavors at a time, but also coffee, bagels, etc.  I think they should concentrate on one thing and not try to cater to every person that walks by the place.I also don't like the fact that they don't offer some type of frequent customer card or something.  Instead you write down you name and the last 4 digits of your phone number on a piece of paper and you get your 10th (I think) yogurt free.  I'm not sure how they keep track but I think they put check marks next to your name on the piece of paper.  Not the best system, but if it works it works I guess.The service is very friendly and the establishment is clean and comfortable with nice leather chairs.  It is a very nice place to come and eat some yogurt.  Anyway, this is not the last place I would come back to for yogurt, but certainly not the first.
5	I love Bliss. The Original tart flavor is my favorite. I love the location, I love the modern look and feel of the little shop. It's unique and fits in well on Mill Ave. It's a yummy treat. I don't really care for toppings, but they have a lot to choose from.
3	What I really like about this place is the fresh toppings. The yogurt flavors I've had there are okay but I wish they would mix the yogurt with the toppings, or give you more toppings so when you've finished the top layer you have more goodness to come (that would be Blissful - no pun intended). This is a great location to come and enjoy a good treat while you are walking around Mill Ave, but it's kinda tucked away and if you didn't know it was there already, you may never find it. Maybe they could advertise a little better? One more thing, I went here for the first time towards the end of 2008. I went back a few months later and it was closed for some reason and going to re-open later that month...I don't know what the reasoning was or if that is a regular thing, but you may want to call to make sure they are still open before you stop by for a treat :)
4	Basically this is a place offers some real frozen yogurt, unlike so many other stores offers ice cream but titled as 'frozen yogurt' to be in the trend. Bliss's froyo actually has the sour, tart yogurt taste, and you can feel the lightness! I love the original flavor, and don't like toppings on it. I always get a big one to go, and put in the freezer when I can't finish it, and it still tastes the same on the next day, or tastes even better after you freeze them according to my roommate.Anyways, this is a great place for some real froyo. Just be sure to look to a corner store next to the Bank of America on Mill, cuz its kinda hidden in the brickyard.
4	THis place is pretty cool.  I like to stop in here when it's super hot outside... I can eat that stuff everyday :)
