4	Shadyside's best sandwich is found at PDC.  Piled with tons of meat you can't go wrong with just about anything there.  The rare roast beef with bacon, bleu cheese, and tomatoes was my personal favorite back in the day.  The nachos are also a pretty good option for when you're broke, as they feed two people easily.
3	They changed the menu up a lot recently - taking some of my favorites off of it, though they claim that I can still get it by ordering the specific ingredients. It's not the same.Downstairs has normal tables, upstairs is a bar - they claim the downstairs is open til 9pm every day, but they usually close it by 7. Upstairs you can order off the menu til 11, and it's 21+ after 10. They have pool and darts, but it's not great for atmosphere.
3	This is a good deli in a surprisingly deli absent shadyside.  I was here on Saturday afternoon with a friend who suggested.  We walked in and the space was pretty open with a great beer selection and plenty of plasmas displaying everything from Tennis to Soccer.  The service was okay, but nothing special.  I tried the motza ball soup which was a little below average. The chicken broth was tasty enough, but  the motza had a stale flavor maybe?  I had the "russell" which was roast beef marinated in barbecue served on really good bread with hot pepper cheese and onions.  This reminds me of a beef bbq at the world famous bob's sub in slippery rock, pa.  It was pretty good, but maybe should have tried the cuban.  My friend ordered a turkey wrap which looked okay, but I don't think she was too impressed.  The curly fries she ordered were a nice option.  Overall this is a c+ deli, which probably couldn't cut it in squirrel Hill and wouldn't last a week in NYC.  That being said I'd go here anytime if I was in shadyside and needed a sandwich.
4	Pittsburgh Deli Co is just off Walnut and a great lunch spot if you want to hang out in Shadyside.  The food is always hot and fresh, the beer selection is great for the size of the place and there is a friendly staff.Enjoy a sandwich, beer and watch the game on a number of decently sized LCDs (though they aren't in HD).  The prices are reasonable and it isn't ever a long wait for your food.
4	I've been impressed with the sandwiches here, and they also have a nice selection of beer. Decent spot for lunch.
3	Nice selection of beer, but I've found the food to be hit or miss. I've had some good sandwiches here in the past, but the grilled chicken wrap I had a few days ago was subpar. Also not a fan of the way all the food seems to come with potato chips. Still, this is a decent place and worth checking out if you're in the mood for a sandwich.
5	One of my absolute favorites in Shadyside.  Their flying garbanzo is so hearty and filling that even my meat-loving boyfriend didn't miss out on the no-meatness.  Flavorful hummus, roasted mushrooms and roasted red peppers on challah, my favorite sandwich bread!  I also *heart* their barrel of pickles that are complimentary - man they are DELICIOUS.  I LOVE that you can get a half or a full sandwich, many a day I've had to mix a 'flying garbanzo' with the 'its a bird thing'.After 10 years, it's great to see that their menu is mostly the same.  The veggie chili has changed (for the worse) over the years which is sad, it used to be the most amazing I had ever had, now it's very chipotle cumin (just overboard and canned looking).They also serve beers, so it's perfect to just hang out there and have a deliciously large sandwich while watching some sports and sipping on a beer.
5	Deli-ishish! Great sandwiches, I had the very veggie with hummus, chips, a water and pickle for about five dollars. Cool location to stop at when you are on walnut street shopping.
4	I am a recent convert! I had and loved both the Very Veggie and Tijuana Tuna.  My only issue with the place is that a regular sized tuna sandwich should not be $8.50.  I mean if it were a huge hoagie...okay....but it's not.  I love the selection of veggie options but the jury is still out on whether I went back to PDC because of the novelty or because the food is delic.  Not sure if I can visit regularly at that price.  Curly fries are good too, but they should really come with the sandwich and not be an addlt $2.
4	I'm completely hooked on this place - it's my favorite for a good "treat" lunch; cozy, excellent hearty food and consistant.  It is a little on the pricey side for a soup or sandwich, but in my opinion, completely worth it.  The young kids that man the register are really friendly and helpful (even letting you taste the soup of the day if you're curious), and the food is always delicious.  Personally I'm a fan of the Tijuana Tuna, but I haven't tried anything there that I haven't liked.
3	What has two thumbs and goes to a sandwich place for its pickles?  This guy... I used to love coming here and rockin' the pickle bar while waiting on my sandwich... it seemed like such a novelty.  Anyway, it's a good place.  I like that you can grab beer here too.  The upstairs is fun sometimes.Sandwiches are yummy, though a bit overpriced.  I think the selection is awesome and the ingredients are solid.
4	Ever since Kazansky's in my neighborhood closed, I've been looking for a good deli.  So having the day off from work yesterday, I finally got the chance to check out Pittsburgh Deli Company.  So when checking out a new place, I always start out with the basics.  I figure if they can do the basics right, then I can move up to their specialties.  So I ordered the Rachel, hot corn beef, swiss, cole slaw, and russian dressing, on rye bread.  Delicious.  Their sandwiches are huge, so I like how you can order a half if you want.  I had mine with a bowl of yummy chicken noodle soup.One thing for all you Insane Clown Posse fans out there--they have Faygo Pop here!
4	I like it here! It's a good place to get lunch right after church on Sundays. Their fries - GOOOD. Curly fries - not as good, but still good.I love all the different sandwiches they have. Some of them are hit or miss though. I don't know if the deli's been having off days when I was there recently, but the sandwiches were just "eh" this time. Usually they're pretty good though. They usually have a good philly cheesesteak. Their pulled pork is really good too. Nice, soft pork. Yum!Also, last time I remember that they had chicken nachos and that was SO GOOD, but looking at the menu.. it's not there anymore? So unfortunate.. but in case I am mistaken! Order it. It's filling and good and very shareable with everyone (:
4	I guess this place just re-opened recently, so they're still sorting a few things out.  I took this into account with my review... They'd only have got 3 stars if they were in full operation.  When I moved to Shadyside, finding a place to get a decent sandwich within a short walk of my apartment was a key concern.  Sure, there's the Panera on Center, but that's a bit far, and come on, it's a chain.  That's not what Pittsburgh's about.  Pittsburgh Deli Company is not overly pricy, and they have a pretty good selection of sandwiches that are interesting enough to have me trying a new one each time I go.  Portions are pretty big: I always end up eating half the sandwich now, half of it later.  Quality of food is definitely good enough to keep me coming back.They're still working on getting their bar together.  I tried to get a Manhattan, but they didn't have what they needed for it.  I tried to get a mojito, same problem.  They mix a pretty good, if a bit small, gin and tonic, though.Service is good, though the first time I went it took a good minute for my sandwich to be ready.The bad? Well, the aforementioned bar issue, and I'd advise the diner to use discretion when ordering anything with the rotisserie chicken on it.  It's a bit dry.
1	Horrible service. Just awful. Five to-go orders came in after us, ordered, and got there food before the Waitress even put our order in. The place wasn't even busy. We ended up leaving after waiting for over a half hour. The place just serves sandwiches. I mean, really???
3	hmm first review on yelp! unfortunately, it's not the best...so I LOVE PDC. I used to come here a lot over the past few years because I love the food and the atmosphere - it's very casual and just what you'd want from a deli/bar in the burgh. But they recently changed ownership. They renovated the interior, so it's a lot.. shinier? but no more of that real casual/homey feel that gave it its charm. But the worst is that they CHANGED THE MENU. Their old items were so good I don't know why they would.. But no more hummus, philly cheese steaks, curly fries, chicken wraps... the list goes on. Now it's really more of a sandwich place. You can make your own cold cut sandwich, or order a cold cut or panini... Everything's 8 bucks so it's a good deal but I wasn't too impressed. I ordered a jerk chicken panini but i thought it was just ehh. kind of dry. And the fries that came with it weren't that good. All those pictures posted of the food here are from the previous ownership.the deli itself isn't that bad, it's just not really good anymore. went from 5 stars to 3 stars. hopefully they'll change it back a bit. If so, someone let me know cause i won't be back here again..
3	I came here for a quick lunch on my way to school. I was glad to see that there was a lunch special of some type ($8 for sandwich, chips and a drink).  Granted that I tried a pretty generic deli sandwich, the taste did not stand out among the other Shadyside delis that i've tried. additionally, it took a surprisingly long time for my sandwich to come out (given that it wasn't a panini type sandwich or anything). if I'm really craving a sandwich and am too lazy to leave shadyside, however, I will definitely head over here again to try out one of their many other selections.
4	I feel like I have to say... Every time I get a sandwich here (now that I know to ignore the rotisserie chicken,) it is completely awesome! We had a bit of a weird waitress last time we were there, though.
4	I thought it was pretty good - $8 subs that come with chips, and it's a decent size.  There aren't lots of extras with each sandwich, they just sort of what they are.  But it's good.  I haven't figured out the area too well, yet, so my sandwich tree is three-pronged with: Primanti's, Market District, and Pittsburgh Deli Co.  If distances were equal, Pittsburgh Deli would probably be #3 on the list -- but I think it's a reasonable option.
4	Just two blocks away whenever I want a samich. Every sandwich that I have had has been delicious from PDC and I like how there is a pickle barrel. Low key laid back atmosphere with beers to drink and tvs up, or you can take out. I think the price is just a little hefty ($8-$10) but I'm okay with it due to the price and size. Service has been allright - nothing in particular to rave or boo about, but this place is a staple.
3	i've heard so much about primanti's brothers and the pittsburgh delis, and how this one is better than primantis. Maybe i ordered the wrong thing... but i wasnt that impressed. we ordered the reuben with corned beef and the muffalotta. the olive spread in the muffalotta made it very salty. and the bread was so toasty and hard that it was cutting up the roof of my mouth. the reuben was ok. i wish we got pastrami instead of the corned beef. and i wish we had more sauerkraut on it too. it was decent. but i wasn't floored or maybe its because my expectations were high. not sure - but either way, i wouldnt go back again.
3	Delightful, practical, and a great spin on a deli/cafe!The Pittsburgh Deli Company is anything but just a deli. It contains a wonderful assortment of sandwiches, salads, and soups mixed with the style of a local pub and clean cafe. I believe that the PDC stands out in the midst of typical Shadyside offerings that boast one-word names, pretentious menus, and expensive choices.Their shredded jerk chicken panini will satisfy a hungry lunch-goer with any sized appetite. Check them out!
2	Friendly service but the food leaves a lot to be desired.  I have been there 3 or 4 times but only because of convenience.  Last time I ordered a pastrami sandwich and the pastrami was awful.  Tomato soup was literally marinara sauce.  For 8-10 you expect a high quality sandwich and it just doesn't cut it.  Bottled Beer selection is pretty good, but only about 5 beers on tap.  I don't think I'll be going back.
4	This is one of my go-to lunch spots in Shadyside. The food and service is consistent, and they have a great beer selection. This is a great place to come and watch a game. You can usually find a seat even when everywhere else is packed because it is not the typical sports bar. It is also a good spot to grab bite late-night.I came here today and ordered the Tijuana Tuna (this is the only place I will order a tuna sandwich from), and it comes with hot peppers that add a bit of "kick" to the traditional tuna as well as a sweet honey sauce that compliments the spiciness perfectly. The honey sauce also goes great with the chips. Today I tried a bite of the Chicken and Spinach Panini as well and it was equally as appealing - it will probably be what I order next time.
