4	Pretty good mexican with some strengths and flaws.  This is a Seattle Jaliscan transplant that serves pretty good food but their kitchen is a bit slow.  Unlike most Jalisco restaurants, there is no tequila but that may change when they get their liquor license.Our first vist was okay.  They bring out chips and pieces of bread that is not baked on premise.  (I saw one of their employees bringing in supplies through the front door and he had 3 loaves of purchased bread and 2 bottles of what looked like apple juice.)Their chips were cold and the salsas were unusual.  One was a green tomatillo based salsa that was decent and another was a chile and peanut sauce (bright orange) that was a bit better.  They also brought out a cream cheese white spread for the bread.  Overall I didn't like it as much as the typical red salsa and warm chips you usually get.I had the steak on cactus leaf and my girlfriend had the cheese enchiladas with mole.  She absolutely fell in love with that dish and I thought it was very good too.  My steak was not tender, slightly overdone but covered with an interesting sauce.  The beans were okay and the plain-looking white rice tasted much better than you would think.It took a minute to get seated and almost 15 mnutes to get served despite the fact the restaurant wasn't crowded.  It is an L shaped restaurant with 5 separate rooms so you may be out of view of your server during part of your meal.We ordered take-out and got different dishes--beef enchiladas with their red sauce, a chicken dish Maria Izquierdo and coconut shrimp.  All were excellent and I would have bumped them up to being one of the better Mexican restaurants in Vegas except...I called ahead and was told that it would be ready in 10-15 minutes.  I arrived about 25 minutes later and had to wait another 8 minutes.  It was a weekend night but there were only 10 diners there because I had plenty of time to walk around so I counted them.  They put their takeout in large aluminum pans.  Perhaps they own stock in Alcoa?PRO:1.  Excellent mole.2.  Very good sauces all around.3.  Quality of cooking pretty high level.4.  Better menu variety than typical Mexican restaurant.CONS:1.  No liquor yet.2.  Kitchen not very fast.3.  Chips and Salsa not typical and not very good (Some might prefer the difference but I don't).4.  Clunky oversized menu.  Difficult to move back and forth between pages to decide. 5.  Physical layout not the best design although not a huge place.Went back again on 2/9/08 (we live nearby) and this time got Filete Urupuan and the girlfriend got the same cheese enchiladas with mole.  Meat was tough but very good sauce.  Enchiladas had seasme seeds this time.  Also they have stopped serving the cream cheese with their salsas.
4	Galerias is on our way home, so we see it every day, saying we should try it out. Today we finally went. Totally not what we expected. We thought it would be another Tamales or Mexican cafeteria. But it was more dining. We started with the chips, served with two salsas, one creamy red and one green. Neither were too spicy. I had the Luis Barragan chile and my bf had the Enchiladas de Chipotle with shredded beef. Maybe another day bf's enchilada would've been good, but today it was eclipsed by my most excellent chile. We also shared the orange flan. It was just ... meh. The portions weren't too big and the prices weren't exhorbent -- they fit the quality and quantity. Or server was sort of friendly and knew his way around the menu. I had problems ordering because every thing looked good. The service was a little slow, but I give them a break because they're so new. I like that the restaurant was broken up into smaller areas. I don't like to feel lost in a large restaurant. It seemed more intimate and when places get crowed, broken up space helps keep the volume low. After eating here, I'm excited to see this place flourish, but I'm skeptical that it will, given its location. Oh, yeah, and the logo is really ugly and it really bothers me. * off the strip, non-casino
4	Was stoked when I saw they were replacing the dead Coco's Bakery by my house with a Mexican restaurant.  I actually was waiting for it to open, and finally went in after I saw the new LED sign out front had power.The first time I ordered my usual Mexican dish, chicken burrito with rice and cheese.  It wasn't even on the menu, but they made it anyway.  It was above average, but also very overpriced at $11 or $12.The second time I went, I brought my roommates and we let the waiter make recommendations for dishes since their menu was so robust.  Everything they brought us was delicious, and my roommates aren't the easiest people to please when eating fancier dishes than McDonald's.It's a little weird being in a nicer restaurant when I know it used to be a Coco's, but they're doing a good job with the restaurant.  I'll have to go back soon.
4	This place may be closed now.  I drove by the building and they had a big banner advertising a cheap breakfast, so I'm not sure if it's Galerias anymore...
3	This place is gone.
