5	I just discovered this threading salon, and in general, I was really impressed! Having lived in Chicago for six years, I was anxious about finding a place in Champaign that offered threading (most places only offer waxing). Sure enough, it turns out this is the only official threading salon in the city (besides in the mall, which has really negative reviews)! The owner herself did my eyebrows and she had that magical touch...as in she managed to do the job quickly, thoroughly and with minimal pain. The best part is that it was only $6! She's only been in town for a month, which is why she doesn't have her website up yet. I definitely plan on coming back (and not only cause I don't really have a choice)!
5	FInally a salon that does threading in the champaign area with an amazing looking eyebrow and the best part is its painless!!  The owner who did my eyebrow is super friendly and nice. She did a great job on my eyebrow's. I am Indian, so I am experienced with threading and what is consider good and bad. Living in champaign/urbana area it is hard to find a salon that thread and for a cheap price ($6) that is a great deal! She was super fast, it took her less then five minute to complete my eyebrows and it was such a painless experience. She also gave me a card where if you come in to get your eyebrows done the first five time the sixth one will be free. I definitely plan to go back to her and get my eyebrows done. She really is the best in the Champaign area!!!
5	I really wish this place existed 3 years ago!!! I settled for getting my eyebrows threaded at the mall, and a few weeks ago I was so disappointed by the result (I went from moderately thick to PENCIL THIN!) that I decided to search for a better place. I am obsessed with having nice looking eyebrows, and the eyebrow threader at Perfect Arc explained to me how she would thread my eyebrows to help them go back to their natural shape. I will definitely be a loyal customer for the remainder of my time in Champaign. Everyone should try this place at least once and you will definitely be impressed!
4	I drive by Perfect Arch every day on my way to work and I saw the sign advertising $6 for eyebrow threading.  I finally went this weekend after reading the other positive reviews on Yelp and I was not disappointed.  The woman who did my eyebrows was nice and polite and she did a great job.  It was super quick and only $6!  They look great!  The only reason I'm not giving the salon five stars is because it has a kind of clinical feel to it and is not very spa-y.  But for $6 and how great of a job she did, I will definitely be back!
5	I had a Brazilian wax at Perfect Arch Salon. Dipal is friendly, gentle and does a great job! I highly recommend this salon for their professional and reasonable service.
5	did a wonderful job. great price too. She's so sweet, which makes me want to go back to her.
5	My 12-year old daughter got her brows done for the first time here and it was perfect.  Easy, quick and inexpensive.  They look terrific!  Highly recommend!
5	This is a first-rate threading salon!I have tried two others in the area, but this one is a CLEAR WINNER for now!Deepa attended to me and had the best for my eyebrows at heart. I actually wanted her to thread hair on my cheeks, but she recommended against it (again, she had what was best for me at heart). She only "cleaned" my eyebrows this time around and asked me to grow them more. I can't wait to see the magic she does next time when she actually styles them.She was approachable and a total sweetheart! Prices?! Totaaaaaally reasonable. Chin, Upper Lip, and Eyebrows..all for $15! I actually don't want to review this place, because I want to keep it a secret!
5	Perfect Arch is absolutely fantastic. I have very thick, dark eyebrows which can be tricky - because one pull of the wrong hair, and my eyebrows look completely outta whack. No need to worry about that here, Deepa is the best there is. She is fast, friendly, and most importantly inexpensive! For $6 for one threading, you can't beat it. She even has a rewards punch card - come 5 times, get the 6th threading free. I am sad that I am moving from CU soon, but each time I am back I will definitely be visiting her for the best eyebrow service in the region!
4	I had a bikini wax and she did a really good job. I am from out of town so I chose Perfect Arch based solely on yelp reviews. The place looks pretty sketchy and the price was a bit high for how minimally furnished/kept the place is, but I would recommend her to a friend.
4	Great deal for great service. The place isn't the easiest on the eyes, but I am assuming with time (looks like it opened less than a year ago) they'll spruce it up. The woman who threaded my brows was very friendly and sociable. It didn't hurt much at all and she was very quick! My eyebrows look great. She gave me a punch card to get a free service after 5 visits, so I will definitely be coming back!They offer all sorts of threading, waxing, and facials for reasonable prices (she gave me a brochure before I left), so I might be returning to check some of these out as well!
5	I have been going to the other place by the mall since its opened. I saw Perfect Arch on the way to work and saw the $6 fee. She did a better job than either of the three girls at the other place. I usefully get nicked/cut from the other place. This girl did not cut me up once. She explained the difference in the threads that are used (she uses 100%cotton thread shipped from India and the other places have been using sewing thread.). What a world of difference. My eyebrows look great and the process didn't hurt once. I kept waiting for the my skin to get cut but it never happened AND  she actually had a conversation with me. Not like the other place where there is a movie going on in the background and the workers are talking amongst themselves. Go to Perfect Arch!
5	Great little place, great service, so comfortable!  No waiting!
5	I have never done threading before and being on a budget, based on yelp reviews I decided to give this place a go.  I was not disappointed.  The owner is super sweet and does the most amazing job....she was so quick and my eyebrows never looked so perfect.  What I love most is that when I left, I was not red and swollen...I could go on with my day and not have it obvious I got my brows done!!!  I'm not as regular client at the perfect arch salon.
5	absolutely painless eyebrow threading I have ever experienced!
5	This is the best place to get waxing and threading in the Champaign area. I went here for a brazilian and felt very comfortable. It was so incredibly painless and quick, I could not believe it. The woman was so nice and very professional. She also threaded my eyebrows and did a fantastic job on those too. I will definitely be going back here for all of my waxing/threading needs!
5	If only you guys knew what I had to go through to get to this place.. It can be easily overlooked and if you don't know the area it will be challenging to find this place. (Easier if you have a car.) That's probably the only downside, but don't let that discourage you. I got so frustrated getting to this place but left happy. I really love how my eyebrows turned out. Major plus is the price of 6$ and their promo of 5 visits and get a threading free! What else could you ask for?
5	Very fast, painless, friendly, professional. What more could you want?! I'll be back soon!
4	She does a decent job on my eyebrows, but I don't like her bedside manner.
5	This place is awesome! I've gotten a brazilian and eyebrow threading from here, and am about to go back for both of those services + upper lip wax. The owner is super personable and made me feel so comfortable. I had gotten my first brazilian at H2O salon for twice the price and it took three times as long! I went in to Perfect Arch and the brazilian literally took 5 minutes. I was so surprised. I told the owner this and her response was, "What were they doing that it took that long?!" She clearly knows what she's doing and isn't trying to waste your time or money. The only downside to this place, and I don't consider it a downside as you can tell by my rating, is that the place isn't posh looking like some higher end salons - no frills, but you'll get the best waxing/threading in town. If you're looking for a great wax/thread job and you don't mind what the place looks like on the inside, this is your place.
4	My eyebrows look pretty good, but they really aren't shaped for my face. It seems like a standard shape. However, for the money, this place is pretty good.
5	I had never had a Brazilian wax...so I checked yelp and saw some nice reviews about this place. So I went and the owner Dipal waxed me. Ok so yes of course it hurt...but she was great. She was so cute...I kept laughing cause it hurt and I couldn't believe I was doing it. She was so adorable she's like I can't tell if you are crying or laughing. Lol but she made the experience fun cause she was laughing with me but not in a mean way. She did it very quick...like in 10 min. I would totally go back in 4 weeks if I wasn't just visiting champaign. I recommend this place!
2	Eyebrows - yes. Waxing -NEVER again. I needed a face wax. She first put wax all over my right cheek, covered it with cloth, and said "okay this is going to hurt." Well, of course it is since you don't know the first thing about waxing. She's the worst for waxing - made me look like someone had punched me in the face and in fact, the blood vessels under my eye skin tore so it looked like I had two black eyes. When my hair grew back, it was rough and thicker. I went to a different salon to get rid of it again and the lady asked me if I had waxed on my own. Well if it looks like it then this place is no where near professional.
5	I've been here 3x for the $6 eyebrow threading. This was my first experience with threading and I've been very pleased each time. She's very friendly and personable. I've recommended this place to all my friends!
5	This is literally the best place I've ever been to that threads eyebrows. It's just so awesome in every way. The salon is far off campus, so if you're like me who went by bus, expect a long and mildly annoying journey (there aren't marked bus stops so the bus ends up passing by you unless you're waving and jumping - they're not frequent either). It's so worth it though to make the trip here for threading.The lady is super nice and welcomed me when I came in. She then asked me what I wanted to do with my brows and listened as I explained how I wanted them to look. I've had bad experiences where another business didn't really listen to me, then began painfully threading them, so my eyebrows were arched to the point that I looked mildly upset, and I told her how I wanted them to be gently curved, but would give her the artistic liberty because I heard she was a pro. Then I closed my eyes, felt some quick strokes here and there on my eyebrows, and within minutes, she asked me if I liked how I looked. Words cannot explain the magic she pulled to thread so quickly and painlessly while making my eyebrows look like perfect arches. I was impressed. It literally took me forever to get here and within 10 minutes, she had me in and out looking fantastic. I like to think that my eyebrows look nice by themselves or when I maintain them, but I didn't know anything until I came here. She's super clean too and wiped my brows with alcohol and brushed away stray hairs. All this costs $6 and then she gave me a punch card where after five visits, your sixth is free. I absolutely adore this place. So if I could, I'd give Perfect Arch 100 stars. Clean, quick, friendly, and overall amazing everything! They offer other waxing/threading services too, and I'd definitely recommend her to anyone over every other beauty business on campus.
5	I get the brazilian and under-arm wax.  Aside from the painful first one, the next are pretty quick and much less painful. Great prices and timing compared to what I have researched from other places, and I love that there's never anyone else in there.  The owner is very sweet and professional.
5	Deepa is amazing! Totally friendly and professional. Eyebrows were a breeze a with minimal pain and all for $6.00!!!! I'm taking all my friends here next week!!! I did a full Hollywood wax front and back. She didn't make me feel self-conscious and asked throughout if I was doing ok. So so so happy I found this place! Will continue here for sure!!!!
5	I swear by eyebrow threading as a opposed to waxing. You avoid post waxing scars and skin damage and get an overall better brow shape. Deepa is an absolute artist, the best eyebrow threading consistently even compared to my salon in my hometown.As soon as a person gives me a compliment on my eyebrows (which weirdly happens a lot) I tell them to go to Perfect Arch Salon. Many people have already heard about it because Deepa is seriously the best. I've heard her waxing services are great, too. You can get in and out very quickly and for a great price. The punch card allows you to get a free threading for every 6 times you go. Anyone in the C-U area, go to Perfect Arch Salon!
5	I've been going to this place for a year now. I did my research and they have the best deal in town for hair removalEyebrow threading: $6 (and you get a punch card!) - takes less than 5 minsBrazillian wax: First time $45, then you get $10 off if you come in less than a month - takes 10 minsDeepa is very nice, she tries to talk to you to make you "forget about the pain". My only suggestion is to call in and make an appointment. It gets crowded sometimes.
5	If you want great eyebrows I whole-heartedly recommend this place. The lady here definitely knows what she's doing, she always makes my brows look awesome. I always leave satisfied with her work. The threading does hurt, but I've gotten used to it and it only takes like three minutes anyway, so I don't mind it The price is what really sold me though, 6 bucks for a quality job is craaazy good. Plus you get one free threading if you go six times.  This place is the best!!!
