4	Business is family run (not a chain) in what appears to be an old Hardees or McD's. The owner himself greets you and (I assume) his wife is helping out behind the counter. Friendliest people I met all day!Food is fried fish-shop fare, with a large and inexpensive menu. We had a pair of the Big Boy fish sandwiches and they were more than we could eat. I'd eat them again, though. We want to go back one evening soon and try a dinner.I'd normally expect to see a restaurant like this as a storefront on a city street instead of a standalone. Nothing fancy. No linen tablecloths or silverware- just good fish served quickly in a clean restaurant (96 score).Neighborhood has seen better days, but there's new development going in. Maybe (hopefully) the area will improve soon.Local owners + decent food = a place I'll support any day!
4	Pulling into a barren parking lot was a scary introduction. But I was determined to try this place, so in I went.Once inside, witty fish facts line the walls and make for an entertaining wait. For the ladies, they even have an autographed picture of that dude from Prison Break, Fonzworth Bently or something like that?Being a New England style seafood shack, they offer clam strips, fried oysters and chowdah! I still haven't had the chowder, cause it's almost $5 and paying $15 in total for lunch will break the bank (me poor).The rest of the menu is pretty straight forward with southern seafood fair. Basic sides come with the entrees and premium sides are offered at an premium - go figure.  All items are cooked to order so they come piping hot. Two different batter styles, classic and country and both are pretty tasty. The Big boy fish sandwich is just that big, and at $2.99 on Wednesdays it's a steal. While it isn't my favorite fish sandwich, the hush puppies here definitely are.New England seafood is now one of the lucky spots in my regular lunch rotation and I will definitely be back to sample the rest of the menu. =)
4	My daughter Had a craving for fried fish... I "yelped" it and the name of this place caught my attention! After we read the reviews, we went to try it ourselves! Just like others said, the people are very nice, the food is delicious! Fattening, I'm sure, but a special treat too! We were too full to try the desserts... Next time! :)
5	We have lived about 1 mile away from New England Seafood but never stopped in to check it out and all I can say is WHY?  We were greeted by partner/owner Kelly and she was very helpful and patient with our questions about the menu.  We canceled one complete order after we saw the "special" sign on the counter; opting for the fish special.  A simple fish dinner with mash potatoes, gravy and colard greens along with a sweet tea all for six bucks.  AND it was delightful...no more "quick" fish places for us now that we know NE Seafood is right down the street!
4	3.5 stars - bumping it to 4 for really friendly service.You like fried fish, shrimp, oysters, scallops? Then get over to New England Seafood. While it's definitely not much to look at from the outside, the interior is incredibly clean filled with plenty of booths, tables and caring employees. Seriously, hubs and I were checked on at our booth three times within 20 minutes. Really sweet. I opted for the popcorn shrimp dinner - $8.99 for a platter filled with freshly fried popcorn shrimp, hushpuppies and my choice of two sides (mac 'n cheese, baked beans). The upsides: The popcorn shrimp were tasty. Lightly fried, crispy little buggers. The hushpuppies were amazing. Seriously fabulous and some of the best I've ever eaten. And the homemade tartar was out of this world. The downsides: The sides that I ordered were lackluster. Baked beans were sacchrine-y sweet and mac 'n cheese tasted straight up Kraft. Not that there's anything wrong with Kraft...but at a place that scratch makes everything I expected more cheesy, ooey gooey goodness. I'll definitely come back if I'm in the area and I'm jonesing for a mammoth fish sammich or some of those delightful hushpuppies.
2	Meh - I wasn't all that impressed.  I stopped by the drive thru and had nobody ahead of me.  I ordered the big boy fish sandwich and it took at least 5-10 minutes for them to deliver it finally deliver it to my car (which I had turned off because it was taking so long.)  The sandwich was average at best.  It was large but also had two slices of unnecessary cheese, which made it very messy to eat.  It was ok but I'd rather have a large fish sandwich from Captain Disease any day - that is a lot better and less expensive.
3	Food: Freshly cooked seafood and French fries. No soggy stuff.Service: Fast, friendly, and attentive.Decor: Very clean, fast food decor with fish facts.
4	Hello friends."Grumbles" (My stomach) woke me up and forced me to go out and find em some grubs. Well we made our way to this establishment. A few cars in the parking lot was a good sign. We walked in and was greeted by a nice gentlemen. Asked if we ever been there before and and i told him no. He asked if we're on the internet. UMMM YES, DUH! ITS 2012. He said "we're out there on the web" I said i know i'm on YELP and the reviews led me here. The guy informed if you go online you can get a coupon for 20 buck. The food is Cook to order food so if you pull up to the drive thru and complain about the wait that is the reason. This isn't your Fast Food place that keeps food under the warming lights (at least as far as i could tell) or pops some stuff from the freezer to the microwave. I saw real fish being battered, hush puppies scooped from a bowl w/ a ice cream scooper and dropped into the hot oils. No hungry fisherman here buddy.Perch Dinner (2 sides)Big Fish sandiwich  Total cost about 12-13 bucks. (see pix)They have a pretty long good daily lunch special 5.99.Try em out
4	Food was very good an tasted fresh! The cat fish an shrimp was amazing. I will go back!
1	Deceptive menu, had to wait waaaay to long for barely passable seafood.
3	Ok, so I'm not a fan of the big fish sandwich and yes I understand it's the New England way but to me it's no different than the fish at Long John Silver on a bun....perhaps I should have ordered the salt and pepper type of fish but I thought I would go with the specialty......my bad.  I will try and give them another try when I'm on that side of town.  The owner seemed to be a really nice guy and genuinely concerned about pleasing his customers.  It's probably best to call in your order if you decide to use the drive thru as they cook to order.
