1	Took my cat here back in Feb when he so sweetly started using the bottom of the stairs, AKA the landing outside my bedroom, as his personal litter box.  He's has bladder infections in the past so I assumed it was what this was.I didn't read reviews until after he'd been dropped off.  And I was kicking myself.  Any chance this place had to nickel and dime me, they did it.  He had to stay overnight and I had called to get a status on how he was.  A nurse said a Dr. would call me back and explain everything.  One never did.  When I went to pick him up he was brought out and I was handed his pills w/instructions to take one daily.  Starting when I asked?  Today, tomorrow?  The guy was like uh I just got here.  Fantastic.Two weeks later he had to go back for a check-up.  He was still using the floor as his litter box.  So again I wanted some answers if he was still sick.  Well they said without x-rays and all these other tests they wouldn't know.  Oh and we also wanted an answer as to why when he came home the 1st time his neck was shaved??  So my younger sister took it upon herself to rip into these people, and we were finally given some answers.  Honestly it was just not a good experience and I know better now.  I just feel so bad for some of the people whose horror stories I've read and feel a bit lucky it wasn't as bad as needing to go to court over or anything worse.
3	Just got our little guy back, and I'm satisfied with the service.  There are a few communications issues between the staff and owners, but they offer a really decent $30/month plan that includes visits, teeth cleaning, and shots for free.  The facility seemed clean, and it is pretty handy to be able to get all my pet shopping, care, and grooming done in one spot.  Staff was friendly enough, and we've only gone there one time, so I might amend my review in a few months.
2	Appointment was scheduled for 10:00, arrived at 9:55.  Have been waiting for -minutes for a quick 10 minute checkup for an ear infection.  1 hour later we are finally on our way out.Its unusual to get the same vet, as my understanding is they travel between all the banfields.  So far we have had all nice vets, but it can be inconvenient not to always see the same one.We also continuously have issues with the front desk.  They are typically unfriendly and could be viewed as rude.  One visit they forgot to call and tell us our dog was ready for pick up...
