5	I'm addicted to HomeGoods!Came here last week for the first time and found a bunch of awesome pieces for my bedroom and dog.Came back again today and found more great finds!My favorite place to shop for house items!I may be tempted to come back every week until I get my fix!Homegoods you got me good!+ dog friendly! Love bringing my puppy with me!I'm a super fan!-Miss Yelp 2012
3	It's like a thrift store but with new stuff! That's how I feel about all HomeGoods.  This location is clean, the staff is pleasant, and the selection is varied.  However, the parking can be a bit cumbersome (apparently it wasn't made for SUVs with less-than-desirable turning radii).
4	This was my first time at a Home Goods and I enjoy that it's located in the same store as TJ Maxx, otherwise I don't think I would have gone out of my way to check them out. Great spot for finding things off the beaten path, which is what I enjoy about it. They have just about something for everyone's tastes and there are plenty of aisles to browse through. Since I live in the area, I'm surprised I haven't checked them out sooner, but I'll definitely be back.
4	I love HomeGoods, you can find some really great deals here (and some not-so-great deals, make sure you know the product and what you're shopping for)! The kitchen supplies and housewares are amazing; I've found some one of a kind scores on some nice kitchen tools and gadgets. This isn't the store for you if you are looking for, say, a complete matching set of pots / pans or glassware, this is the place if you need one spatula in a weird color or a spare pitcher or a cheesecake pan. Lots of the items are "here today, gone tomorrow" so you have to grab it when you see it. HomeGoods is basically TJ Maxx (it's attached to a TJ Maxx store) with only the housewares. Think mirrors, lamps, chairs, knick-knacks, food items, tableware, glassware...Nice store, neat aisles and well organized. I'm a fan!
4	Prior to being a first time homebuyer, Homegoods was more of less one of those places that I'd be forced to go to with my parents and roll my eyes through every aisle. Fortunately, this all changed after I bought a home. Not only is this location attached to TJMaxx (where every girl has to check out the bargains), but it's also a large store of everything for the home at a reasonable price! This store has been my go-to place for little things to dress up the home--from accent furniture to glassware. I do recommend stopping by and browsing the clearance aisle. Not sure if it's the Filipino bargain hunter in me, but I sometimes find some good buys in the red tag aisle! :)
4	I LOVE Homegoods!There's a lot of home stuff that you never realized you needed until you walk in the store which may be a bad or good thing.  They have a good assortment of things but sometimes when you are trying to find a matching something they don't have it like rugs or pillows. Most things are decently priced and they have cute items all the time. They also have cute furniture items too, but like I said earlier that nightstand might be a single not a double! However, make you check out the item before buying, because sometimes there's imperfections! TJ Maxx is connected so if you want new clothes or shoes than you can head on over there! Overall, Homegoods is definitely one of my favorite places to peruse when I'm in retail therapy mode or just because!
5	My life is complete; eat, shop for the new house, and work. HomeGoods makes completely furnishing a place from scratch easy on the pocket book. The items are unique enough to were you won't see them in every home. I should know. I still kick myself for letting items slid through my grasp. It does not matter if you try and go to another store, once it's gone, it's gone. Just snatch it up and if it does not go, then you can always return it.
4	Discount, designer shopping at a fraction of the cost. What isn't there to love? This particular HomeGoods is attached to a TJ Maxx. Oh, the damage I can do here.There is a lot of fun stuff here from home decor, to area rugs, to funky, modern furniture, to gifts, to clothes, to bedding, to cookware. It really is a onestop shop for a lot of fun things. I can spend hours here looking, touching, and smelling things.If you see something you like, snatch it right away. Just like Ross and Marshalls, what they have out, they have out, and it is priced to sell. I am still mourning the loss of the perfect black wedges that I didn't get... Oh, the memories we could have created all around town. What I truly like about HomeGoods/TJ Maxx is that they are so nicely kept up. You can tell the difference like you can tell the difference between Walmart and Targer.Staff is super friendly and helpful. The store is neat and clean. The prices are amazing. Quality of items is also king.
5	Huge selection of home goods.  Grab a cart, you will need it along with an hour to browse around.  Friendly workers and lots of registers open for a speedy check out process.  I recommend this store.
5	What's not to love?!?  This TJ Maxx HomeGoods combo store has become my go to for gift giving, especially Christmas.  With two nieces and a nephew it's one stop shopping for cute clothes and toys without breaking the bank.   When I enter I tend to start to the left of the store to check out the newest home accessories and furniture they have on display.  It's my go to for picture frames, lighting, and garden accessories.  As a four dog mom the pet section is one of my favorites.  I have yet to find a better selection of dog beds, toys, grooming products and feeders for a better price.  Also a great spot to find oils, vinegars, and different spices.  And, of course, they carry the normal items that a regular TJ Maxx would carry as far as clothing, shoes, purses, etc.
4	Ill start off by saying that this is the first store I go to in Vegas for any sort of home item. However, they have definitely raised their prices in the last couple years! You can't find the deals you use to be able to find. The selection is very good. They have unique, designer items that you'd have spend big bucks for elsewhere.
5	It's hard to find anything negative to say about this place which means there isn't anything negative to say about this place!If you love TJ Maxx, but wish there was more home decor then you HAVE TO GO HERE. It's connected to TJ Maxx, so after shopping for all your clothing and personal needs just head on over to the other side of the store and you'll find all their home decor products. They have such a wide selection from kitchen supplies to bed comforter sets and even bathroom rugs.It's very difficult to exit this store without a plastic bag in your hand so prepare to buy at least something here or have a very strong restraint, hehe.
5	OK so let's start with the cons: umm there are none! Pros: everything!!! From the prices to the selection HomeGoods has it all. I love the fact that Tj Maxx is right next door so you can shop for yourself then your entire home except of course your groceries! They pretty much have the best deals out of every home store I have gone too. They don't have a huge selection of wall decor. They do however have things for you kitchen bedroom pets kids rooms and tons of bathroom stuff and furniture. The brands they carry are excellent. Costumer service is always great. They have a rewards card as well so that you can scan to receive special offers. They get their truck shipments in on Mondays so that is when I like to go. I only wish they had more locations because this really is my favorite home store to shop!
4	I love this store! I had never been into home goods but recently was looking for some unique decor and I definitely found it here! The prices were good, and the quailty is wonderful! I'll definitely be back!
5	Love this store! It's usually well kept with fresh inventory. Their fall decor, in currently, is some of the BEST Halloween Decor I've seen. Chic. Modern. Contemporary. Traditional. A little something for any taste & budget. I can usually count on finding what I'm Looking for and too many other things that I wasn't, lol. Usually items are good quality, as well.
4	It's a conglomerate HomeGoodsTJMaxx.All rolled into one!So much to see. I was searching for an area rug and had been to 2 other HomeGoods. This visit scored a winner! $99 for a 5x8 rug? Yes. Nice selection of area rugs and there were a few I would consider buying. Store is clean and checkout was smooth, which is important at any major discount retailer. I'd forgotten how close this location is to the 215, and will plan to stop by more often.
5	Really nice store, I like that they have clearence throughout the store.
5	I wish I found out about this place sooner. Having to recently move into the Mountain's Edge area, I was lucky to stumble across this place through Yelp.Although this place is attached to TJ Maxx, it's clean, somewhat organized, and obviously affordable. Home Goods has everything you would possibly imagine to decorate your home with, along with some kitchen and pet accessories- a good assortment of them! I was fortunate to find some accent decors to place above my kitchen cabinets and a wall mirror to hang at the front entry and will be back to decorate the other parts of my apartment when the time calls for it. The thrill about this place is being surprised by what you can find amidst the tolerable clutter between the isle. I'm sure you'll walk out with a thing, or two-four-five!
