4	yummy airport food and texmex, food, tequila, dang i dont have time for a full reveiw but if you in this airport around gate a19 then stop in and have a drink and some food woot!
1	I ate at this restaurant on October 10, 2009. The food was passable for an airport, but like so many businesses in airports, this restaurant seems to think it's a license to rip people off. The list the price of food, but not beverages.  I had a burrito and was asked if I wanted condiments on the side. That usually means having them on the side in lieu of on the food. Here it means there will be an extra charge, but they do not let you know there is an extra charge. This doesn't rise to the level of Wall Street investment banks, but in its own petty way amounts to the same thing.  I won't be eating there again.
2	We were hungry and everything else was closed near our gate (except Wendy's, which doesn't count as food in my book), so we ate some chips, salsa, and guacamole here.  My expectations were low, so I wasn't surprised to be unimpressed.The chips came in three colors - Yellow #5, Blue #1, and natural corn color.  The salsa was completely pureed - no chunks at all.  It was more like hot sauce.  Ugh.  The guacamole was pretty flavorless.  This is not my kind of food.The service and atmosphere were quite nice for an airport, however.
2	This place is so lucky that it's the only non-fast food place in this terminal of Sky Harbor Airport. If there was a better option, we would have gone to that in a heartbeat. The place is seat yourself, which we did, but that meant that no one knew we were there until we had been sitting down for 10 minutes. We all ordered drinks and after the server brought them, we had to wave him down to order some food... he was very apathetic about his job which detracts from the experience. Good place for a beer at the bar, perhaps. But as a restaurant ... me thinks not.
3	Limited menu, but at an airport that's expected. I had the Big Blue burrito sans meat (only vegitarian option was on their breakfast menu which they stop serving at 10:30). It was big enough to share.  Service was friendly and attentive.  Even though the burrito was plenty big, don't expect many chips - I think I got about 5.
1	Sorry - this is my first one star review.  I very seldom do not find something I like about a place - but the only thing I could find I liked at this place was a Dos-Equis Amber draft.  I had a two hour wait until my plane was schedule to depart, and decided to have a beer and watch one of the baseball playoff games.  I really didn't expect much - I had already eaten, and simply wanted to kill time for a couple of hours. Service - No stars!! The bartender was surly, not just to me but to all of his customers.  I never saw him smile, talk, or express any emotion other than slapping drinks in front of his customers, and acting like he was angry at the world.Food - No stars!! The people next to me ordered nachos, chips, and some kind of chicken dish.  They were served with plastic cups of hot sauce, guacamole, and in plastic baskets. The food appearance was unappetizing, and ridiculous for the price.  How do I know they were bad? The people left the food uneaten after several tastes, and went next door to another eatery. Beer - One star!!  You can't ruin Dos Equis, so I will give them one star. If I could take that one away, I would - just for the surliness of the bartender.So if you are going to stop here before your plane takes off - do not sit at the bar, and do not order food. You may be lucky and get a friendly waitress - but there were none in sight when I was there.
2	Not the BEST Mexican food I've ever had, but this was the best, non-fast food option I could find in terminal C at the Phoenix airport.My tamales, beans and rice were good but could have been better. The service was fast--I bet they are used to serving customers who need to eat quickly.
2	Imagine a jolly rancher melted down and put into a glass with a salted rim and a taco salad from a place one rung below Taco Bell and you have in your mind a taco salad and margarita from Tequileria.  Total damage...$27 ($12 margarita, $10 taco salad, $4 tip).-1 stars for the food and +3 stars for above average airport atmosphere.
3	I was in and out of the terminal A location in under 20min. The service was quick and the food acceptable. It was much milder than I prefer my Mexican food, but a safe bet before a 5hr flight. A bit over priced, but that's expected in an airport.
2	A Mexican place that doesn't understand that you do not serve salsa in tiny cups that are too small to dip chips in.  That's what I call "Mexican't".
3	Plentiful outlets! Hard to find at many airport restaurants.   Yes, the food is just mediocre/edible; I'm not sure there are many restaurants at an airport that offer anything else.  The three quesadillas dish is a great option to share ($10).  They make their margaritas with three shorts ($11).  A-Okay is right.
1	Service is horrible and the menu selection consists of about 6 items. This is bad....even for an airport!
1	I love Mexican food. Today I ate half of a taco and simply had to stop; not in a good way either. The meat tasted like it had been frozen multiple times and lacked flavor. The tortilla tasted like it was store bought and made of paper. The beans were flavorless. The rice was hard and lacked any flavor. Moving to the vegetables: shredded plastic is not actually a vegtable. This is some of the worst tasting, most over priced Mexican food I had had. It would be one thing if it was reasonably priced, but $10 for taco is a absurd amount for a worst than fast-food taste. The margarita was good, but $10 for a margarita is a bit on the high side.The service was average, but I found it odd that my waitress didn't find it odd that only a bite of each item was missing and never asked how the food tasted.
2	We split a breakfast burrito, which had a decent chorizo flavor, but the egg was fake and not very appetizing. The salsa was not good at all and we were afraid to eat it after visual inspection. I also felt a bit sick afterwards and this was the only thing I ate. Chili's express might be a better choice for airport dining.
2	I entered the restaurant and there were no seats available. As I was leaving to move on, the waitress pulled me back inside and had me sit at the same table as traveling couple- strangers. I hope they didn't mind. The food seemed fairly priced for an airport restaurant. I ordered the tacos and a 20 oz Pyramid beer. After quite a while, my food appeared. The pulled pork tacos lacked lettuce and tomatoes, as stated on the menu. The melted cheese threw me off as well. Then I got the bill.  The waitress ordered me quesadillas instead of tacos. This was after she repeated my correct order 2x and claimed she was so good at waitressing she didn't have to write anything down. The quesadillas were also much more expensive than the tacos I had ordered. I would have complained but the waitress was MIA for most of my meal. The 'tacos' were actually very tasty and the beer was good as well. I hope the other 2 random people I was sat with had correct meals because they also had lousy service.
3	This was the place that was open @ Sky Harbor when no other places were open.  On Terminal 3 near gate 17 (which was nice, my departure gate was 17).  Seats started to open up, and we were starving- I would have eaten scraps on the floor.We got served fairly quickly, and were able to grabs a few pre-flight brews.  The food came out hot as well.  It didn't taste spectacular, but it was hot and filled us up.  I cannot complain there!They close around Midnight, so keep that in mind if you have a red-eye flight.The prices aren't too terrible either (no entree over $10 except special fajitas), and the waitress was pretty accomodating.I could see this place easily getting slammed!
1	Here's another sucky airport bar with crappy food.  I ordered the nachos as they only had a few food items on their menu.  They sucked!  They were wet and flavorless. Make sure to ask up front to separate alcohol on your check.  I asked when the waitress brought me the beer I ordered and she told me they were already on one check.  WTF?  Go back and separate them then!  I will not be back here.  If you are looking for food before your flight I suggest stopping off before you reach the airport.
2	Hard rice, oversalted steak and a limited menu -- what more could you ask for? :-/I ate at the bar, and my bartender was friendly and efficient ... no bad-service reports here. But this is a restaurant last I checked, and I'm amazed at how they're able to get away with such bad food. Oh, yes, that's right. It's because this terminal has no other options!
1	Just when you think airport food is improving-along comes Taberna Del Tequileria. Blue corn quesidilla with pork so dry I had to drown it in salsa (in the stupid little cups - like another reviewer pointed out) in order to choke it down. $10 'house' maragarita, come on-it was a flavorless glass of ice slush...Glad to get back to my 'home' airport (PDX) where they have real restauranteurs running their own places that take pride in what they serve!
4	For the price in an airport next to getting food pretty quickly, this is a decent place to eat. I tried their special big blue burrito and it was okay, kind of plain and could of used some spice, but other wise it was good for a meal.
2	I'd rather have Chipotle.
2	I know, I know its airport food. We'll the food was just bad, and that's all I really have to say about that.
1	What a joke $7.00 and $8.00 beers common!  I ordered a pork taco, they asked me if I wanted a side of sour cream and guacamole, I should of asked how much - $1.99 for guacamole and $1.29 for sour cream, WHAT!!!  The taco was dry and shell soggy  and I got 5 tortilla chips. Run away as fast as you can from this place! Oh one last point, service was awful!
2	Ok food, crazy expensive drinks.  What can you expect from an airport eatery.
3	Airport food prices for food that is just OK.  The taco salads are very large, and have a lot of meat in them (Choice of chicken or carnitas).  I had the salad with carnitas, which had a nice smokey flavor to the pulled pork.  I didn't see any vegetarian options on the menu, and the menu itself is very limited, consisting of items such as tacos, burritos, and taco salad.
1	Ordered the 2 chicken soft tacos.....so bland and dry I poured salsa all over to help but even then it wasn't so palatable. I probably ate half of one of them. The Mexican rice was gross..how do you manage that?! And the black beans were so salty. The outside of the restaurant fools you...it looks nice but inside you get really bad food. Drinks are soooo expensive. I ordered a $12 margarita which was good but I can't imagine any margarita being worth that. Wish I'd checked yelp before coming here...wish I'd gone to Pizza Hut instead....Total price of bad food, an overpriced drink, and decent service for one is $28. Makes me sick this "restaurant" is in business!
1	Probably the worst meal I had in Phoenix. I usually don't expect much of airport food and I understand that it is more expensive that food almost anywhere else. But this was absurd. Really bland food, ridiculously expensive beer, and just a bad experience. Don't eat here.
2	Maybe I'm jaded after living in Phoenix for several years, but I was expecting more. This a place you eat at because you have time to kill before a flight, you are hungry, and you want something other than Wendy's. The beans suck, the rice is bland, and the tacos are overpriced. If you are in Phoenix on a layover, please don't judge the quality of Mexican food in the city from what they serve here. It's a shame too cause the staff here is pretty good. 1 star food, 1 star prices, 4 star staff.
1	We stopped in for breakfast.  The prices were high for very marginal food....frozen potatoes that weren't even served warm.  Food didn't seem very fresh either.  Left with that heavy, ugh feeling.
3	After all the reviews trashing this place --much to my surprise I liked the chicken taco salad!  Guacamole was tasty. Also restaurant was calm and not too noisy.  Nice respite from the airport.  Service was also good and overall I was glad I went in.
4	People c'mon. It's airport food. It was fast, hot and had some flavor. I wouldn't say it's great Mexican food but it was decent. Giving it four stars to balance out the over critical.
2	I know not to expect much out of airport food but I was hoping for more out of this place.  Sadly it is slim pickings in this terminal so you have very few choices if you are hungry.  The server was not very attentive, not good if you are in a rush.  The menu is very very very small.  The food was decent, but I have had much much better in other airports.
1	I waited over a year to re-try this place. The theory was: If they stayed in business this long maybe they've fixed things. The menu is better with more selections. Service is slow which doesn't mix well with airport crowds. There are too many tables per sq foot and people consistently walk into table. Good place to go if the world runs out of restaurants.Food was 2 starService 1 starAmbiance 1 star, (because zero isn't permitted)
1	I am far from picky, but this place is bad. The food was terrible...so bland. The Bloody Mary was watered down and bitter.. so I tried a strawberry margarita, hoping a Mexican place couldn't mess that up. Wrong. It tasted like they used tequila left over from a college party. The bottom line:don't waste your money here. The food at the Wendy's across from here is probably better.
2	The chimichanga was good (mostly because they didn't automatically put pintos or other beams in it). The bartender when I first arrived was a very nice lady that made a great top shelf silver margarita.Cons: the music is so loud, I had to wear my earbuds almost the entire time because now I have a headache. The bartender that arrived around 4 or 4:30 (think his name is Mike) is pretty rude. He snatched up a menu I had been looking at after my food arrived, wiped it down (why I have no idea) & put it away. Then, without any sort of interaction asked "do you want another margarita or no?". The lady that was sweet & made a great margarita before is still here.  It's definitely about your only option on this side of Terminal 3 for drinks. Delta-we need a sky club in Phoenix!!!!
3	This place is ok. The portions are good but the food is merely passable. Might be a good place to have a couple of beers. Would come back for a quick between flight beer but would look somewhere else to eat.
1	Not that great but it is between this place Wendy's and Starbucks in terminal 3. So if you want booze this is your only option. Chips were stale and salsa had zero flavor and resembled ketchup. Again this is the only show in town (aka terminal 3).
3	10-3-2012 - The food wasn't bad but the service was. Quality and speed were terrible-especially for a place where they know you are in a hurry to catch a plane.
1	If old dehydrated Mexican food with watered down salsa, and hard tortillas from the .99 store is your thing, then this is the place to go! If you must eat close to your terminal I highly recommend the Burger King. You'll know exactly what to expect.
2	Not that great Mexican restaurant...in an airport.  The server was really friendly though.I ordered the mahi mahi tacos, the fish was overly fishy smelling, and it was not served with all the stuff the menu said, no mango salsa, no fresh tomatoes, no cilantro....the best thing was the guacamole I ordered on the side.
1	Went to the Taberna Express for breakfast. The food was mediocre, but the service was bad. Ordered a breakfast burrito and coffee. Added cream and sugar to the coffee and noticed they don't have coffee stirrers. I asked the woman at the counter if they have stirrers and she said no. Then I moved to the pickup area and the counter was stacked with boxes, so there was no room to put down a bag or your coffee, or pick up your food. Later as I was finishing the coffee, I got a mouthful of grounds in my mouth. I said something about the coffee to the same woman who was now unloading the boxes in the food pickup area and she wouldn't even acknowledge that I was speaking to her even though she was standing right next to me on the client side of the counter. The staff at Taberna Express couldn't be less concerned about customers. I highly recommend trying anything else in this area of the terminal.
1	I know options are limited at the PHX airport but these servers are the worst and shouldn't have the luxury of a job.  They are rude, the food is way below average and expensive for what you get.
4	For airport food we were impressed! I love salsa and the salsa rocks- the green and red have so many wonderful flavors. I had a steak quesadilla and smothered it in that spicy red salsa. My husband loved the carnitas tacos where he loaded them with that yummy salsa.  It was the perfect dinner before heading back home. I don't get the bad reviews we thought it was really delicious. Our service was great too!
1	Taking a redeye from Phoenix to Atlanta and was hoping for a drink before the flight to help me sleep. After ordering my drink, the bar tender looks at my Florida ID, notices the small crack down the middle, and says he can't accept it. The crack, more like a small fold really, is made from all the bar tenders bending it in the first place! Many Florida IDs have the same mark. I knows the laws, and I know it's to the bar tenders best judgement here. Hire someone with some common sense. This made a rough night on a redeye even worse.
4	Surprisingly good food for an airport eatery.  Sure did not experience the poor service that shows up u=in some of the reviews.
1	Please save urself some time and money... Skip this place if ur looking for food. At least breakfast... I've had better breakfast at 7-Eleven! At 2am! Drinks are OK, but how hard is it to make a mixed drink... Pass this place by and u will be a lot happier... Sorry to be so blunt, but it is what it is... And not cheap. I know it's airport food, but come on, how hard is it to scramble some eggs to order... And not leave in a steam pan for 3 days, and bacon? Can't really call that bacon.
2	Let's be real. You're only here because -You don't really have options late at night in Terminal 3, but you NEED tequila.-You're not from the southwest, so this is the best Mexican food you're gonna have.Beer prices are off the charts, even compared to many other airports, AND the selection blows. I get margaritas because I feel less bad paying around $10 for those, and they're at least decent. Even the chips and salsa are lame...you don't get enough salsa and the chips are ice cold. I've endured the tacos as well and weren't impressed. The options are WAY cooler in other parts of the airport. I swear, Phoenix has better than this to offer.
2	The tacos were dry and lacked any flavor. Service was okay. I would not recommend this restaurant. I wanted white queso as the menu displayed but they did not have it. I was very disappointed with my meal
2	Expensive menu, food not worth the price. I would go somewhere else if I'm in this terminal again. The service was good, but the monetary value for the food was poor.
2	Food is decent but the service is terrible every time I come here. I always catch the red eye flight and the restaurant is always packed at least 2 hours before the 11:30pm flight but they always insist on having only 2 waitresses and one bartender. I wish the restaurant owner would get it together and realize that just because you are the only late night restaurant in the terminal doesn't mean you can just piss customers off and give bad service.
3	It doesn't matter if this place has a one star rating or a five star rating. You will go here  because you are desperate for a pre-flight beer and you want some nachos. That being said, the pork nachos are pretty good. Don't expect it to be cheap, you're at an airport and it the only place in the terminal that serves alcohol. They know the demand is high.
3	I struggle a bit with the stars and rating, and following is why.  Terminal 3 "dining" is abysmal.  (Terminal 4 = amazing).  Your choice is basically this place, Wendy's, Starbucks, or whatever you can dig out of your purse.  So if you need a pre-flight adult beverage, you're saddling up here.  (First star).  Our service was great - in sharp contrast to other reviews.  Quick, friendly, attentive.  (Second star.)  We didn't eat, so I can't speak to the food (Out of fairness, third star because I looked at the menu, and was enticed, despite the seeming airport high prices.)  Other thoughts/comments - the place was clean, and seemed overstaffed because many servers were hanging around chatting.  The bartender kept a clean bar, and promptly cleaned spots and arranged chairs to be inviting.  I had ONE Bloody Mary, and was offered a choice of Absolut, Kettle One, Tito's, Sky, etc., no house Vodka mentioned.  Choice was mild, medium or spicy - and I opted for medium, which was quite spicy.  Lemon, lime and celery (you always get bonus points from me if you serve it with celery).  Booooooooooo - served a double and wasn't told or asked, so blissfully and stupidly enjoyed a $14.00 drink.  Nope, not a typo.  Nope, not pleased.  Nope, not worth it.  Nope, not going back.  (Small fib - next time, I'll just order a beer.)  This place has an accidental and exclusive captive audience if you want a drink in Terminal 3.  Sadly, the $8 Spicy Chicken Caesar Salad from Wendy's, across the hall, sucked worse.
2	Gross.  The chicken fajitas was a pile of undercooked onions with an unseasoned chicken breast cut up.  No cheese, no sour cream, mix of tomato/onions/cilantro as a side.  Tortillas that tasted freezer-burnt.  I'd bypass and get a smoothie or cheese plate from the bookstore. Or Wendy's.  Yuck.
1	This place is awful. They are a tequila bar but don't even offer a cocktail list. They don't even list the price of the house margarita ("like 11 and change or something" when i asked the bartender) in the menu. The food is terrible. This is the only bar in terminal 3. I suggest you get a camomile as a nightcap when trapped in this abysmal terminal.
1	Management needs to give these people some help. One waitress for half the room and one bartender for a full bar. Poor guy was sweating and losing customers because he couldn't handle it all.
3	I'm not quite sure how I earned the Maverick badge for checking in here. It wasn't very memorable or anything to write home about. I seriously don't think anyone is searching out reviews to decide whether or not to grab last minute grub. But then again, maybe someone is.On day one in Phoenix, I had awesome Mexican food, so I thought it came with the territory, not exactly so. I ordered chicken nachos, you can't really go terribly wrong there, right? Service was slow for what we ordered and the fact that they weren't crowded. All in all, it beats the snacks and sandwiches on the plane.
4	I was going to go to Wendy's based on these reviews,  but I decided to give it a go. I was happy I did. Is it airport food. ..of course!  Was it super fast. ...soooooo fast!  The salsa was great, and so was my chicken quesadilla...the very best part of my experience was hands down,  the service. The guy was out going and cheery to every guest in his presence. He was accommodating,  funny and FAST!  I was super happy that I decided against Wendy's.  Terminal 3 doesn't have a lot of options,  but this one was one that I wouldn't mind having again! They get the extra star just for this guy! Bruce, you're a ROCK STAR!
4	The food was pretty good... Not the best Mexican food I've ever had, but seeing as it is an airport restaurant I can't complain. This review is mainly for our sever, Carol. She was the BEST! Super nice and attentive. My favorite thing though, was when I asked if their key lime pie was good (my favorite dessert) she gave me an honest answer and told me no. Servers survive on tips. Ideally, the bigger the meal, the higher the tip. By telling me the truth about the key lime pie she risked a lesser tip for honest service. LOVE that! If you go here.. Make sure you ask for her. (And to clarify, she definitely got a higher tip than she probably would have gotten if I had ordered the pie :))
3	Not bad but very commercialized....would be nice to have authentic here at the airport. I'm sure that's to much to ask in this fast paced environment.  Beer was great!
4	Options are limited so I usually chose this over Wendys. It's a decent burrito for $10. They'll put the guacamole and sour cream inside if you ask. Today's sauce was a bit spicier than usual but still good.
4	Fast service and the food was very flavorful! Had the chicken quesadillas- especially enjoyed the chipotle salsa!
2	We decided to go here since there wasn't much to choose from (wendy's is across from here but wasnt in the mood for it). The food  was not anything exciting. I got the shrimp tacos. I didn't care for the tortillas nor the rice. The shrimp was alright, they just grilled it no seasoning at all. And the guacamole looked very unappealing. Overall I was disappointed in the quality of the food, but the service was pretty decent.
2	So, I understand that this is an airport restaurant and that you don't have much competition in this terminal (In retrospect, I would have much rather had went to Wendy's), but it is inexcusable for the food to be this bad, in my opinion.Decor/cleanliness: 3Nothing to really comment on here.  Nothing bad or anything really remarkable.Food: 1Wow!  Where I do I even begin?!  I ordered the shrimp, chicken, and steak fajitas and everything about this dish was lacking.  The steak was rubbery and tasteless.  But for a twist, the chicken and steak weren't tasteless at all... They were incredibly salty instead (what a great trade off!) !The guacamole was just downright disgraceful.  It didn't even look like guacamole, just some watered-down, green paste!  The rice seemed to be of extremely low quality and was just as low in the taste department!  The tortillas were pretty awful as well.  This is definitely one of the worst fajitas meals that I have ever had the displeasure of trying to eat!  I spent a good portion of my plane ride hoping not to get sick!Service: 2So, let me get this straight... You serve subpar food and then have the nerve to charge an arm and a leg for the privilege of trying to keep it down?!  The prices are ridiculous; even for airport food!  The one saving grace was that our waitress was nice and she checked up on us in a timely fashion.Overall: 2 On the whole, we received decent service but, ultimately, the horrible food and high prices led to a very disappointing experience.
