3	If you are anything like me, you are constantly reading magazines and fashion blogs to get tips and info on how to look less like a gorilla girl and more like Megan Fox.   I had heard a lot of buzz on these blow out only salons, where you go for one reason, and one reason only-to get your hair professionally blown out. And maybe drink some wine. 11:00 a.m. on Saturday before my bridal shower was as good a time as any. I came here with my mom and a couple of my bridesmaids before my shower to see what the hype was all about. I had heard good things about this salon.  The owner and staff were friendly and easy going. I felt totally at ease. On the website, you can see different blow out styles to choose from. I opted for "The Dilworth" as I am obsessed with getting perfectly bouncy waves to last in my extra long, thick and borderline ethnic hair. By the time my style was done, the other stylist had finished my mom and two bridesmaid's hair. I felt bad for my stylist! She was very patient and I tried so hard to get my curls to stay. After an hour spent drying and curling my hair, it looked almost as if I had straightened it with a straightening iron. The price was very reasonable and the experience was enjoyable. I only wish that my hair looked like the picture online!  If you have "Greek/Italian-esque, I will take your suggestions!
2	I'm kind of conflicted, as there many different factors affecting this, but overall I've experienced better.I called and made a last minute appointment for a blow out at a time close to what I was looking for (I wasn't going to complain, I was surprised to get in at all). Hours later I arrive, to a locked door, and a girl finally lets me in from the rain and asks if I'm here for a tan. When I tell her no she looks extremely confused and then can't find me in the computer, but she says we'll get started right away. She asks what I'm looking for and I mention the "dilworth" (one of the styles mentioned on the site), no glimmer of recognition in her face, so then I just say "some volume and some curls". As she's speeding through my hair with a fifteen second shampoo and a twenty second conditioning, I honestly start to think I'm in the wrong place. Am I going to get a call in ten minutes from another salon asking why I'm not there? The girl keeps asking me about my phone call that morning, do I know who I talked to, do I remember when I called. It's become very obvious she was ready to go home early, and I'd ruined it. But I see the wine glasses and remember the mention of wine on the site, and they carry bumble and bumble like the site I looked at... I have to be in the right place.She uses assorted sizes of round brushes in my hair as "curlers" as she's drying it, and as I get up to look at it finally offers to use a curling iron... Yeah, that'd be great. So she divides my hair into five section, curls each of those, and then curls my bangs. However, she hasn't even taken the time to dry my bangs correctly, so a portion of them just don't want to cooperate, and I'm not sure she cared. She knows I'm going out that night and knows the weather, so I'm happy to hear what sounds like tons of hair spray going on my hair, cause it's gonna need it. As I'm checking out we discover one of the women still there took my call and accidentally put me in as a tan. Mystery solved. I pay the $35 and tip and head home, head covered. As I start preparing for the evening about 30 minutes later, I realize my hair has gone almost completely flat. I have a slight wave and my Farrah Fawcett bangs left, so I run to my own bottle of hair spray and save what I can. So much for the site's claim that the styles should last several days! I was happy for my curled bangs and the temporary volume, not going to lie, but for what I paid I almost wish she would have turned me away at the door.
2	NOT WORTH THE MONEY. Lazy, Apathetic stylistsMyself and my three friends came in before a charity event last weekend. First of all, when we made the appointments the receptionist said it would take 30 minutes. We scheduled our appointments accordingly. 2 hours later 3 out of the 4 of us left scratching our (flat, non styled) heads and were left late to our event. My particular stylist was more interested in her phone (that had some sort of Panda on it) than doing my hair. When she asked me what I wanted, I said lots of volume and large curls, which is a style I often do myself so I know it's possible. When she washed my hair, she literally did not even make suds nor did she touch my roots. During the blow dry, she did not use a round brush or even touch my roots to make any volume. She had my back turned to the mirror the whole time- otherwise I would have noticed the greasy, flat, zig zagged part that was the end result. There was no use of product at all! What's the point of being a Bumble and Bumble salon if you don't use the product? This was the case with three out of the four of us. I could go on, but my general opinion is to go elsewhere for a blowout unless you are okay with a 75% chance of failure. There is one stylist (very blond late 20s) that knew what she was doing. She properly washed, dried, volumized, and styled my friend's hair to her liking. She is a personal stylist in your home, so save the gas and hire her privately.
4	Fairly new to Charlotte, Blo ouT  is boutique that specializes in "blowout" hairstyles (thus the name) and is located right outside Uptown. Their motto is "No Cuts, No Color, Just Style" and that's what I got. I came into the salon (which also houses Gorgeous Glo) and picked out my style (all styles are named after Charlotte neighborhoods) and the best part--I was in and out in about 30 minutes. What?! This is unheard of...but it did happen! I am living proof. They also just opened up a second location in SouthPark. Worth giving a try and especially good for the busy woman on the go!
1	I want to like them I really do.  I have very thick wavy hair.  It takes a style easily but it takes a long time to blow dry.  I have had my hair done two times here with different stylists each time.  I will try to sum it up as simply as I can.  They have learned the technique of blow drying but they don't know how to customize it to the particular individual - such as the clients personality, head shape and personal style.  It's kind of like one size fits all.  They are rough around the edges (perhaps fast food career didn't work so they are trying a new career out).  They don't make you feel special.  They don't smile.  It's a job to them.  They "over" dry  your hair which does help to hold the style for several days but my hair had no life or shine.  The shampoo is awful.  There is no love in their fingertips. They don't do anything "extra".  Once they are done be prepared to get up pay and leave.
