4	I don't eat at chili's too often, but i should because i have never had a bad experience there, but i don't like chains and franchises.  any way stopped there for lunch and had their pick 3 dinner dipper thing and it was great and not too much food, 2 mini burgers (excellent) chicken wings (excellent) and artichoke egg roll thingies (great too).  almost finished it all and very good, great service and pleasant.  anything i can do to stimulate the economy.
4	I came here for an early dinner with a friend and it was a night and day difference from my earlier lunch dining experience at OC. We got there before the dinner rush and got a great booth. Our waitress was attentive and helpful. Our meal was good, a hamburger with great flavor and the house salad was good. For dessert we got the Molten Chocolate Cake...Oh my goodness!! It was so GOOD! If you go to Chili's make sure to leave room for this dessert!! The chocolate cake was sweet, moist and warm, the ice cream had a soft chocolate shell and complimented the warmth of the cake with a cool creamy ending. I might just come back for the dessert. Enjoy!
2	Had the BBQ Burger for lunch. Too much lettuce tomato and 'fixings' to steal the taste of the burger away. Let the meat be the star of the burgers, not lettuce.
3	Went to have a quick bite to eat with a friend.  Just love their chips and salsa!  My meal was just OK, nothing great.  I do not care for margarine or a melted butter/soybean oil spread on mashed potatoes.  Whatever hapenned to real butter?  At the end of our meal, there was a roach strolled on the wall over our booth.  Yikes!  I ran into the kitchen to notify them.  Some guy, I hope it wasn't the cook, came out and killed him at the next table as his stroll was a long one...  They did comp out meal, but geez, call the exterminator!
4	They were great. We had a large group in for lunch. The servers were super nice. The food was standard Chills fare. For the price I think we all got more food than we could eat.
1	Had take out from this location.  They forgot several items and skimped on food.  I purchased about $70.00 worth of food and even I called to inform the manager what happened he said he would fix it and compensate me... I got a $10.00 voucher in the mail about two Weeks later... Just a few dollars shy and a couple days to late...
3	A chain restaurant with average food those I ldo love their ribs.  The staff there was awesome!  I would definitely go back.
4	Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Robyn N.  I went with one of the Lunch Combos, consisting of a bowl of Chicken Enchilada Soup, a California Club Toasted Sandwich, & Homestyle Fries.THE GREAT:Nice restaurant, comfortable booth seating, all the food was delicious and the table service just right!THE UNGREAT:The "Sandwich" isn't pictured on the menu, & arrived as a HALF sandwich!All in all?  Well, this half sandwich WAS piled high with lots of tasty goodies, and after subtracting a Star these guys still earned four.  It was really quite a nice lunch, a good value, & I'm very likely to return to a Chili's before long!     :-))California Club Toasted Sandwich Combo:  $8.
1	A friend and I went here for the two for $20 and honestly it wasn't even worth that. When we ordered they were out of all but one of their soups at 6:00pm on a weekday. Ok- well interesting but not that big a deal. Then we waited for 40 mins. for us to get our food and when it finally arrived the steak I ordered as a medium came out as a well-done piece of grey inedible leather. Of course I had to wait for them to re-make one, but luckily they brought the appetizer that should have been brought out first at the same time as the steak- that way at least I could fill up on mediocre boneless chicken wings and be full by the time my actual meal was brought out. No they did not offer me a free dessert, but the manager gave me a $5 coupon off my next visit. I asked to use it right then because I'm not sure when if ever I'll be back. The waitress was nice and apologized, but the truth is I've never been impressed with the less than mediocre bar food from this chain.
3	So, I was hanging out with a friend on this side of town and we decided to grab some food, and we ended up here, at Chili's on a Sunday afternoon.For starters, the place wasn't to busy, which was greati. After reviewing the menu, I realized they had happy hour specials all day long in Sunday. Bonus!  They had a nice but small selection of alcoholic beverages to choose from, but since I was driving, I had to pass on those. Notated that in the future, I can come here any given sunday and get some food and booze for cheap!I went with the buffalo wings and the free happy hour chips, and my friend got the triple plate where you could sample a few things, which he liked. It actually looked really good!  Drinks were always topped off and full, along with the few other requests that we had, like extra ranch dressing and some napkins.  The service was pretty good, but I felt a bit rushed at the end.  The server was polite and all, but he asked us like 3 times of we were done. Um, yes, and no, I don't want my food cleared right away! He gave us our bill and we sat there for a bit. I mean, it wasn't busy so there wasn't a wait or anything and I don't know what his hurry was. Since I'm stuffed beyond words, I would say it was actually a really nice experience overall.  They had a few different games on the TV's throughout the bar, so that was a nice distraction during our lunch/dinner.Overall, not a half bad experience. What a great way to spend a Sunday afternoon, and I really enjoyed my time here.
4	Santa Fe Chicken Salad was the bomb......and our waitress and server were very nice.  Lynnette and I had a great time.
5	I dont make it up to this chili's very often, nor have I been to one in a while. They have a new set of margarits that were great!! I wish they would bring back the buffalo sliders, but the regular sandwich is just as tasty!
3	So I got here late. BUT: the waitress is struggling.  We found the bottom of our bottomless chips, like, 10 minutes ago. The Corona-rita is FAB though...so I'm sitting at a 3 right now.Got the food, however...the fajitas restored my faith in large chain restaurants (or maybe it was the 'rita?).  Excellent chicken and shrimp.Pretty busy, but it's Friday night.  Go figure.  Also next to a movie theater on the eve of Evil Dead.  That's why I was here; not sure about anyone else.I'm sure there are better places to go with awesome food and drink, and service that is at LEAST as capable as our server, but it was convenient.
4	Server Laura gave prompt, friendly service. Food came out timely and was hot and tasty. Only complaint was that lettuce in salad had a few brown spots. Everything else was fresh.  Many more vegetarian options than they used to have
3	Met up with Rand H for lunch today, only because I had a coupon for one of their new flatbreads.  Like Rand, I ordered the bottomless express lunch with soup and salad.  I had the caesar  salad and it was just okay; it comes already mixed with the dressing and was a little too much for my taste.  I'd have preferred the dressing on the side like the regular salad.  I also had a small bowl of their loaded baked potato soup and that was pretty good.  Not too thick or thin and had chunks of potatoes plus the toppings.  Added a little black pepper and it was probably the best part of my lunch.They gave us a huge platter of tasty chips and salsa, but I thought the salsa was a little too tomato saucy for my taste.  I like salsa with some heat and this was really mild and bland.I ordered the chipotle chicken flatbread and it was served on a huge long platter and looked really good.  The flatbread had good flavor, although a bit salty, but with chipotle in the name I was hoping for a little more spice.Service was good, drinks refilled, plates cleared in a timely manner.  It was everything I expect from a Chili's and I'm sure I'll be back again at some point.
4	I haven't been to Chili's in many years I was very impressed with my experience. All of our food was great and our service was awesome! I really wasn't expecting that from Chili's. I will be back for sure!
4	Chilis has really stepped up their service and quality of food. Our experience today was awesome. We are regulars so the change is service is noticeable. We will be back for sure.
2	My husband and I usually stop at this chilis when we do go. We usually don't have a bad experience, but today I went with my family and the overall experience was not good. The chips and salsa were great.. But they always are! There were not that many people on this Sunday afternoon but our server was not very attentive.. He was friendly of course but walked by us several times at a decent pace while we had empty drinks. Our food was brought out by someone different who didn't ask us if we needed anything else along with our meal. He walked away relatively quickly but he too was very friendly. Our server never came to our table after the food was served to ask how it was or if we needed anything. We had to get his attention because of course we did have a small request. My chicken was a bit too salty.. And I rarely say that because I love salt! They also had arizonas fox center playing on the tv and speaker.. Then about 25 minutes in we noticed that it was just on repeat? Not sure why but we had to listen to the entire broadcast twice. Then toward the end, a group of employees sat in the booth behind us and started talking relatively loud and cussing.. Now granted I understand I was sitting in one of the booths on the bar side my younger sister, but considering there was no one there.. I felt that it was not necessary to yell. We don't eat at chilis very often but when we do return I will consider a different location.
3	First time I had a great waitress, food was good, fast and I left with a smile on my face.Second time the waitress was.........horrendous. It was very slow, she had 2 tables, but half the time I had to ask another waiter for things, because she was nowhere to be seen. Asked her for bbq sauce, TEN MINUTES later still no sauce. I asked another waiter and he had it to me in 3 seconds. Then when we were finshed she shows up with the sauce. So I asked for my check, she brought it, I put my card in the folder and it took her 10+ minutes to come pick it up. I'm kind of afraid to go back, because I do not want to get her again and I'm not so rude as to ask for someone else right in front of her. Maybe next time I'll just do the bar
1	Wow. Where to begin.Took ten minutes to be greeted by wait staff. Ordered the "Crispy" chicken crispers (that were half cooked) the corn on the cob was cold , fries were soggy as hell . Chicken "crispers" can probably be renamed chicken "chewy's" since they weren't crispy at all. Bathrooms were absolutely disgustingDined on a Tuesday night at 5:30 restaurant was dead. Wouldn't be surprised if this one closed soon .Avoid this location at all costs.
1	Just back from the worst lunch experience I have ever had.  My husband has a "NO CHILIS" policy and I need to follow that.  Arrived and were seated immediately by being asked to take a booth in the bar area. Plenty of available tables but none the less, was asked to sit there.  We were greeted by a nice enough server and she explained the new MiniPad system.  We immediately ordered strawberry lemonade and iced tea.  (2 of us)When the drinks arrived, we ordered from the menu.  My lunch partner had the steak fajitas and I thought to try something new on the menu, Chipotle Shrimp Bowl  The photo looked wonderful.40 minutes later... yes, FORTY MINUTES LATER...and after seven other tables seated AFTER US by at least 10 minutes were served, our food arrived.  I was famished.  First bite of my bowl was a piece of chipotle shrimp and lettuce and the food was COLD.  Odd, I thought this was grilled shrimp.  So, I bit into another one and yep, cold.  So I broke open one and it was raw.  Yep.  Raw shrimp.I called the manager over who seemed amazed the food was cold and didn't really respond that it took 40 minutes to arrive and offered me a bowl of soup.  (its 110 degrees outside today.)No thank you.  Just the check please.  After 10 minutes, we received a to go order we placed 30 minutes prior and now the server had a huge attitude with us.  I guess being angry at waiting so long and getting raw shrimp served to us is no reason to be upset in her world.I left a 1.00 tip and we left.  I will not go back here and I urge anybody reading this... find someplace else to go.
1	Update:  I called the establishment yesterday thinking a Yelp review without even talking to somebody in charge (other than the floor manager who offered me a bowl of soup as compensation) was warranted.The phone call did not go well.  The manager (or someone who stated they were the manager) stated to me the restaurant was very busy that day (?? I saw maybe 10 tables with customers) and my lunch was very complicated to prepare.  (Grilled Chipotle Shrimp salad?)I stated the manager offered me a bowl of soup to compensate and I was told that was customary as Chili's was not at fault for this situation.  I actually felt bad for leaving the server a bad tip over this but no more.Uh yep..... again... NEVER going to this place again.  Good luck with their future.
3	Service was so-so not sure who our waiter was and we sat without drinks for long periods of time. It wasn't very busy. Don't order any water it tasted like it came out if a dusty garden hose. They told me from the last storm it started tasting that way
5	I'm here every Saturday night love the service love the food only once I was upset with service but they fixed it since the greeting girl that works in front was gone hopefully extra training since she would let you walk In and not say a thing to you or even look at you so you would be standing there intell you talk to her.Other then this one time service is great. Servers ask you how is food and manager even comes around to greet you. Awesome Service. I will come here often.
2	Corey is our "server" and he is super fake. The main reason I know this is because when we were walking in he was clocking in and was adamant to let the girl (his female room partner) that he was now on.  She was the one that took our drink order, she also brought out our food and even took an order for us for fried pickles when she brought our app.  Corey was complaining in the kitchen when she let him know because our meals were already ordered, so I let him know that it didn't matter whenthe pickles came out.  He spends a lot of time trying to rack up the check but not taking care of the table. As a server, it doesn't matter how much my bill is, there is potential for a great tip.  Corey also does not know how to prebus or stop at the table when asking if the meal tastes good. I am pretty sure he is one of the servers that tjinks he will make more by having lots of tables instead of giving quality service.   If Jessica was our actual server then the rating would have been better.  She helped us more than our supposed server.  Food is Chili's, it's the same everywhere.  Not great, but not bad. Decent.
1	***Credit Card Fraud Alert***I dined in the bar area at Chili's on a Saturday night in late September. I paid with my credit card and wrote in an 18% tip on the receipt. Three weeks later I received my credit card bill and found out my 18% tip somehow got turned into a 70% tip. I went by the very next day and spoke with manager Becky Lane. She assured me they would refund the charges and I would hear from her when that happens, 5-7 business days in her words. Two weeks went by and nothing... So I sent an email. That went ignored. Another week passed and a second email has gone ignored. A stop by the restaurant yielded a conversation with a manager that new nothing of the situation.Initially I wasn't upset. I figured it must've been an honest mistake by a busy bartender on a Saturday. However, the more I get the runaround the more I feel this Chili's location is trying to hide something. My next step is to contact Chili's corporate offices.If you eat here, save your receipt and be careful of fraudulent credit card charges.
3	The ziosk machine is pretty cool.  You can pay your bill, add a tip, use a gift certificate without waiting for the waiter to come to your table.  Great fraud protection there-keeping you credit card in sight at all times. :)  You can order dessert. Play a multitude of games for a small fee----Great for happy hour but a date/spouse might feel ignored, lol.The ribeye was ok.  It had a great deal of fat in it.  I normally stick with the sirloin but since I had a gift card, I decided to splurge.  I ended up taking most of it home.  It will make great steak fajitas, lol.  The mac-n-cheese had green chili peppers in it.  Wished they had mentioned THAT-yuck!!!!Not my fav place to eat but the services was great. :)
