3	This location is inside a gas station/mini mart.  The parking lot is often full so be careful when manuvering through it to get to the drive thru.  Or you might just go inside and sit.  There are pleanty of tables to accomadate the lunch rush.  The thing about Del Taco is that if you order a combo, maybe a taco and a burrito, you get fries with it!  Kinda weird but who doesn't like fries right?  It's filling and cheap.  The other two reviews here are from 3 years ago.  I've been here a few times and customer service is fine, even at the drive thru.  You can't beat 39 cent tacos when you're on a budget!!
3	Ok, it's not really fair to try to review this place after having just gone to Juan's Authentic Mexican Food on Saturday.  You see, at Juan's you get 5 Star everything for an amount that you can easily spend here!  With that said, this Del Taco has comfortable booth seating & the food is passable.  I will say, though, that the Macho Combo Burrito isn't as good as the ones I used to get in L.A. because over there they put sour cream on the burrito along with the other things, & mine today didn't have any.Along with this burrito, I had a small hard taco & a small soft taco.  (These 39 cent tacos aren't on the menu here, but they have them if you ask.)  My total was $4.57 + tax, but my son spent almost $8 + tax for his order of 2 items & a coke here.  If he had gotten, say, a shake instead of a coke, his total would have been over $10!     :-OI think this place eekes out 3 Stars, barely.
3	okay so Rand H. and I when here for a quick bite to eat I ordered a macho combo burrito and I added steak to it for an extra dollar. I also ordered french fries and a small drink it was a combo with the dollar hop up. Anyway my meal came to around eight bucks and change, an Randtold me I could get for the same money at Juan's Authentic Mexican Foodor at Filiberto's a heck of a meal for the same money. But what the hey there we were. I hate it was full but it was nothing spectacular. And the help was an awful and the place wasn't anything special. So three stars to eaks out of my forgiving mouse hand. That's all I have to say about that.
3	Your typical del taco if you ask me... Went for lunch during the lunch hour and was in and out fairly fast. Also they use the store that is connected's fountain drinks machine which has both Pepsi and coke products (extra star)Also a plus that it is adjacent to the convenience store :)
1	I have been here three times and I'll never go here again. I went to the drive-thru and sat and waited and waited about five minutes. Finally, I pulled up the window and finally somebody poked their head out and asked what I was doing there. I explained that nobody had taken my order at the speaker. He looked at me like I just killed somebody. He took my order and I got it quickly. I came back another time through drive-thru and whoever it was had difficulty understanding so I pulled up to the window without being able to complete the order. At the window, the person who appeared to be a manager took my order and said with a sulky attitude that "it helps if you speak up." Clearly a speaker problem, not me. The third time I had to go inside and make change for the bus. This they could handle without a problem. It seems that that's all they're capable of doing.
4	39 cent tacos and good breakfast.
3	I HIGHLY recommend that you do not drive through this location.  Both times I have had two people in front of me but wait for 20 minutes to be serviced!  The service inside is way faster.I really enjoy the Chili Cheese Fries with no red chili, add green chili sauce and cheese.  Yummm!!!  $2.79 and it fills me up and I leave happy.They also offer a macho sized fresh brewed iced tea with lemon for only 79 cents.
1	I love you Del Taco BUT!!!!If I pay near THREE DOLLARS for a burrito I expect it to be bigger and better than Taco Hell's $1.69 disaster.Also, THE WAIT even inside is grinding on my very SOUL.There's always just TWO PEOPLE working.Sorries don't cut it if EVERY TIME I HAVE TO WAIT AGES even if there's only a few people ahead of me! Take a lesson from 3rd Street location.---------------April 2013: GOD DAMN YOU. I was the only person in the place, there were 2 drive through orders, and I STILL HAD TO WAIT FOR AGES!! AND my tacos were crammed with lettuce.STOP IT!!!!!  You just got degraded to ONE star.WHATTHEF*&%April 23/2013: See what happens when you have a manager as an extra person to help out? YOU BUST YOUR ASS THAT'S WHAT!!! I had my order in a few minutes.Thanks and keep it up or I'll start complaining to Mister Manager.April 25: I nearly keeled over in shock. SIX PEOPLE WORKING.I had my order in under 2 minutes.Tacos are now 49 cents.We shall see how this new plan plays out and maybe you get a star upgrade.
4	LOVE DEL TACO! Easy to get in and out of although their drive-up is designed rather weird. Service is excellent and I will be back for future visits!
2	It was 11pm and we had just gotten back from the PHX airport.  We were on a mission for some late night tacos.  I've never been to a Del Taco before but hey, they're open late, so why not?Pros: - cheap- open late- drive through was fast and cashier was friendly- we got a bunch of coupons and hot sauceCons: - way too much salt in that beef- just not that good (I actually think Taco Bell's hard tacos are better... can't believe I said that)- random person hanging outside of the front door prompted us to use the drive through
2	This Del Taco isn't in the best place of town. It's also connected to a Circle K. As I pulled up there were various people on the sidewalk, just sitting (keep in mind it's 100 degrees)... a little odd, but to each his own.  Drive in window is locked down, so they had to unlock it to give me my food, and then promptly relocked it as I was pulling away. Interesting... Overall the food was eatable. Especailly considering it was Taco Tuesday so $1.09 for three! Score. If there was another del taco within the area, I would happily never come back to this location again.
2	I like Del Taco it reminds me of Might Taco in Buffalo NY. But this is the hands down the worst location Del Taco owns. They have forgotten my sour cream on my tacos 3 orders now - only went 3 times so far, so not that good. To be honest they put it on just one of 6 once , which is prob the more frustrating. The dang sour cream cost as much as the tacos but I like it. Tacos have all the meat in a lump, cheese one end and they are too lazy to fold the paper around them properly so you have lettuce all over  before you even eat. The location is not dirty but looks like a high school just passed though every time i visit. Go next door to taco bell or Whataburger.
