3	Located in Blakeney Shopping Center at the corner of Rea and Ardrey Kell, this is a large store with lots and lots of shoes.  The prices seemed comparable to Rack Room (who owns Off Broadway) and DSW.  Most of the clearance section was either odd colors or heels.The store was clean.  The young lady working there was running all over the store helping people out, so the customer service was there for a type of store that is kind of self-service.  Since I was looking for a particular style of shoe, I didn't leave this store with anything.  Because I have an office job and one that doesn't involve glitter or a pole, I am having terrible luck finding sandals, but a shoe place can only go with what the current fashion is.
4	Being in retail myself i feel like i must give a shout out when i feel like i've received great customer service. I purchased a pair of boots here and with in a months time the heel blew out and detached itself from the rest of the shoe. I looked at my receipt and did not see a policy on it regarding damaged items. I was gonna call it a wash but decided to phone them and ask if anything could be done instead. To my surprise they said to just bring the boots back and that they would replace them. So after work i went to the store, half way expecting there to be an issue cause things are usually never this simple, and got a new pair of boots. No issues at all and the cashier was also super nice. I really appreciate their willingness to help me out. That was some awesome customer service and it makes me want to shop here even more now.
3	I like off broadway shoes, I think they have the best rewards and sales program. I got a pair of $90 for $20! They also give you $10 off for your birthday. Their boots sale right now is that the beginning of boots season whereas most places will offer sales at the end of a clothing season. The store layout is nice, spacious, and organized. I like the sales associates, they are all great except for Raven, 1 of the store managers, I found her to be condescending and rude. Luckily 1 aloof monkey doesn't stop the show, so just find someone else to ask about sales and merchandise. Otherwise, love the store.
