5	A stones throw away from downtown Matthews is Squirrel Lake Park.  It connects to Four Mile Creek Greenway and has a number of park amenities that any Matthews resident (or Charlotte/surrounding) would enjoy.  There is a fishing pond, 2 park shelters with picnic tables, outdoor grill areas, restroom facilities, playground, a horseshoe pit, 12 hole disc golf course!!, and walking trails.Nice paved parking lot (careful the road entrance has not been paved yet, so you do have to drive on gravel for about 200 yds.  It's not too bad but if you had just washed your car (like I had) it could be an issue with getting it dirty right away... :)Back to the park... It is nestled into tall trees, plenty of shade and plenty to do here.  The park shelters are newly constructed with laminated wood beams, stonework, and really nice table benches to have a picnic in or cook out.I'm not a playground expert (anymore), but the kids that were playing on it seemed to be having a good time.  Newly constructed with safe metals and plastics (no wood that I saw) that you could get splinters or have super hard edges on.  It's amazing I made it to my adult life playing on the playgrounds I remember.The main park building has 3 restrooms.  One for the guys, one for the gals, and another for unisex... but each are clean and are single person use per time.  There is a water fountain if needed on the building as well.Overall, a great park to have in Matthews!
4	Park is very nice. It's quiet and very clean. The water was a little dirty but i guess that is to be expected.  Nice trails around the park. Had a pavilion with several tables
4	Park is very nice. It's quiet and very clean. The water was a little dirty but i guess that is to be expected.  Nice trails around the park. Had a pavilion with several tables
4	Good for families with younger kids. Paths aren't more than a mile or so each way. "Lake" is more like a pond but very scenic. Paths clear and wide. Playgrounds and picnic areas. Bathrooms and water fountains too.I went hoping for a good, long run - this is more like a walk/stroll pathway.
5	We went here today for the first time and we fell in love with this park.  A little under 2 miles away from downtown Matthews.  Fishing pier with pond, beautiful playscape for the kiddos and four miles of walking paths.  Picnic area under covered area.  Clean bathrooms.  Can't beat it.  We will definitely be back.
4	Who knew this little hidden gem of a park existed?  Not me, but I am glad we found it!  What a great little spot!  Well maintained, pretty flowers and trees planted along the path, a small lake for fishing, a few different trail paths that lead to all types of fun adventures.  Most of the trails lead to residential areas but if i read the signs correctly I think some of the trails lead to downtown Matthews.  They had some signs marked "4-mile creek" but I can't imagine that is the same as the greenway by Trader Joes.  Anyway, it was fun to explore and it wasn't too crowded.  Great place to take a jog, ride your bike or walk the dogs.
2	First of all, this puddle in no way resembles a lake, or a squirrel for that matter. False advertising!!! shame on you park people....for shame. Guess it's cool for Mom's and their tiny human shaped monsters. It was OK, but sort of like walking through peoples backyards. Really no separation from the populous. If you're gonna bring gross little kids here to get snot and cheese doodle powder all over the swings it seems like the perfect place for that.. If you are looking for nature go elsewhere. Colonel Francis (Underwood) Beatty park all day kid.
5	Well maintained park.  Has a playground good for babies, toddlers, and kids.  The trails are nice, but short.  There is a frisbee golf that I haven't tried yet.  The lake is more like a large pond and there are a lot of squirrels.  I wish the pond wasn't so murky, but what can you do.  There is fish in the pond.We use the playground a lot with my son and walk the trails extensively.  The occasional ducks and geese are a huge bonus with my son.
4	Great park close to us.  Perfect for ages 10 and under.  My kids love this park for the the fun playground with slides, swings etc.  I love this park because it also has walking trails and a small pond with turtles geese and ducks which is interesting for the kids as well.  There are a few picnic areas with grills which we haven't used yet but there well situated in both shady and sunny areas.  The bathrooms are pretty well maintained and there are water fountains but we bring out own water as park water tends to taste like "park water" but that's just me.My least favorite thing about this park is the sand box but that's for all the average mom reasons like me not enjoying cleaning sand out of my kids' hair nor wanting to vacuum it out of the car (everyone washes their own car in the south right) great location and perfect for parents with strollers in need of a scenic walk or parents with little ones in need of burning off energy.
