5	Really funny store... They specialize in unique and hilarious gifts... It's is definitely worth a browse when your walking through or staying at the New York New York resort the staff was friendly and the selection is pretty great... Lots of drinking themed things and actual some very useful joke gifts like a bottle lock to keep our friends out of your whiskey and some less useful like a bag of Cheerios labeled "Donut Seeds" (you can't win every time).   But for the most part the items looked to be quality and funny... Naturally they are a little marked up because it is on the Las Vegas strip... But if you ended a 2 foot magnetic band aid. Now you know where I get one..
5	Loving this store. We walked past it on our way to see Zumanity, we meant to go back after and it was closed (I don't think we thought about how late we'd be getting out of the show) So we went back the next day on our way to the roller coaster.We went in because of the name, we spent a hundred bucks on a whim because the stuff was cool and kooky and reasonably priced. I am a little sad I didn't buy the set of bacon glasses. I might have to look for them online.I also finished paying and was still picking up additional stuff while my guy was talking to the cashier and then I purchased more cool stuff cause I had more time to look...... GAH if you are an impulse buyer of geeky shenanigans, be aware that this store will suck you in.Most def we will go back!!!
2	The name describes the place.  Yes, there are some stuff that is funny and silly but mostly things I just wouldn't buy.  And I didn't.
5	Stupidiotic is the place to go for gag gifts, novelties and just generally weird knick-knacks. It's located at the end of the New York New York complex and I was just blown away by the huge assortment of totally wacky things. I could have blown the budget here, but I finally chose a can of Dehydrated Water, just in case I need to whip up some dry ice. If you have a sense of humor, you will love this place!
3	This is a really funny store where you'll walk around and think about getting someone a gag gift....then maybe decide to just take a pic of the item instead. They must really hate smartphones here! This place is worth a look and be sure to get some dehydrated water to keep you from getting parched as you walk the strip.
4	You cannot just pass by this store cuz of the name. You have to go in and check it out! I am sure you will want some of these for yourself for all the unique gadgets or needs. I had a ball looking at everything. If you have no room in your luggage to bring home, they stated they can have it shipped or you can buy it on their online store! I know I will be on their online site to shop! Great gifts! My fave is the 'Stab Man' knife set! I am guilty, I want this for all the right reasons...hehe
5	Awesome gift shot at NYNY.  Surprisingly, its actually not bad as a gift shop.  I like how their wall decor has a trash can and a gift saying "It could go either way".  But there's quite a few things that would go in the latter and are unique to this location.  I would definitely get my college friends the liquor bottle top with a combination lock.  It could have come in handy!  Plus the "Ex" knife block set.  You have to see it and think that the inventor is a genius!
