4	We went in here on a whim to see what a Kolaches is. Its a hot dog with dough around it and fillings inside. The dough nuts were flavorful and the Kolaches was pretty tasty also. the bread was good and we got a free doughnut after we had paid. Very friendly staff and yummy doughnuts. About four dollars for a kolashe and a old fashion dough nut and then the free one.
4	Being from Texas, it's hard not to think all the donut shops here suck. I guess I'm biased because I prefer meaty things to sugary things, and damnit a donut shop is NOT a donut shop without kolaches. I kind of figured all donut shops had kolaches in them until I moved here and was sadly disappointed over and over again. Thank goodness a REAL donut shop (well real in Texan terms!) has finally opened up in Vegas!!! I'm so glad these guys moved here from Round Rock :)The kolaches were very classic - exactly what I was craving from back home. Yummy sausage, melty cheese, wrapped in perfect delicious dough. They also had jalapeno varieties, and something I'd never seen before - a croissant kolache with bacon! YUM. The donuts themselves were also classic Texan and delicious! They had glazed cinnamon cake donuts (one of my favorites, and one you never see out here!) and tons of yummy bear claws and donut holes. The glazed donut holes were fresh and delicious - far superior to the ones my husband usually gets at Dunkin. Prices were reasonable, staff was friendly, I just wish they were closer (or maybe I don't!). For those of us fat kids that like some meat with our sugar, this place rocks. KD Donuts & Kolaches - you have made this Texan quite happy!
2	Small(er) donut shop opened the end of December in a site long ago occupied by Great Harvest Bread.  They have a nice display of your basic donut choices - both raised and cake - as well as hot dogs and sausages wrapped in different types of savory pastry.  I was disappointed to find out that they are referring to these as "Kolaches".  What I was expecting was to find the traditional Czech pastry - a light, airy, sweet, raised dough surrounding a thick jam-like filling that looks something like a giant thumbprint cookie, and the filling runs the gamut from prune and apricot to poppy seed or sweet cheese.Will probably not visit again - Friendly's does regular donuts much better (for a better value) and I will continue to look for a bakery that makes a true "Kolache"
4	What's a Kolache?  The closest thing I can compare it to is a bagel dog, but smaller and much tastier.I took my family to KD's last weekend after reading the good Yelp reviews for it.  We stuck to the basics: a dozen donut holes, a chocolate bar, and a variety of Kolaches.  Overall, I would rate this place up there with any other donut shop in town.  It's reasonably priced and the food is good.If you're ever near the shop, stop by and try something.
5	Bookmarked And Made it a point to drive over here from Summerlin today. I was not disappointed. These donuts melt in your mouth. They were fantastic. I also received great service from Taren.
5	Light & fluffy...need I say more??!!  Well, I believe I should!  BEST donuts in the Vegas area, in my opinion!!!  Their kolaches are just like we're used to in TX.    And not to mention, this place is right next door to my favorite hawaiian restaurant, Ross J's Aloha Grill!  Thank goodness I live 25 minutes away, this place could be dangerous!!  If you're tired of Krispy Kremes and Dunkin, this place is a MUST!!!
4	Fast friendly service.  Kolaches are good and fresh.
3	I had my first blueberry cake (looks like a donut) from KD at Grouchy John's coffee shop last week and it made me want to check out KD's shop. I usually don't go out and seek for donuts unless people bring em to me. However, I enjoyed eating their blueberry cake a lot that I actually went and seek them out. The cake tasted very moist, airy and soft. I tried both croissant sausage & cheese kolaches and regular sausage & cheese kolaches. Personally, I liked croissant sausage & cheese kolaches more. The holes (Choco hole and sprinkle hole) are like your average donuts in bite size (nothing special). Price is great! One dozen of donut holes are only $1.50!! (see picture for full menu with price) Overall, I gave KD Donuts & Kolaches 3.5 stars for its food and price.
3	This bakery opened in January and features Texas-style donuts and kolaches.  I took a pass on the kolaches in favor of an apple fritter and a cake donut which we shared in the room.  Both were good.  A rating of 2.5 would be most appropriate.
5	Very good just got a mixed dozen very fresh and soft !
4	I have been seeing this place for several weeks, and finally decided to stop in this morning.  Glad I did.  I only got a small kolache and an old fashioned glazed donut, but both were excellent.  You could actually taste the cheese in the kolache.  It's not substantial, but it was only $1.09.  Very reasonable, and they have bigger sizes.  The donut was great too.  It's excellent frosting and the donut itself was lighter than a chain.  I am going to implore our office manager to go to this place instead of Dunkin when we get donuts.  I will return next week to try the jalapeno kolache and come back a lot in the future.  Recommended.
4	Great place!! Donuts are really really fresh and tasty
4	Had the jalapeno kolache.  As expected, it was fantastic.  Very good quality.  Be advised, you must spend $5 to use a debit/credit card.
3	I'll be honest to say I don't frequent doughnut shops very often. Not because I don't like doughnuts, I love them. That is why. I'd probably weigh 300 lbs...That being said, once in a blue moon, I'll allow myself to have a glazed, chocolate, or some sort of sinful gooey-fried dough. This store is small, they do have the basic popular choices, and provide some beverages/coffee. I do love supporting the local shops, like Ronald's on the Westside, but I felt KD was too small. I feel like if I'm going to go for a doughnut, I'd like to see a wonderfully huge variety, all of them tempting me to buy a dozen. KD's display was just A-OK. Their doughnuts looked petite and just...ordinary.I do wish I could give a 4-star rating just for the kolaches. I tried a jalapeno sausage one, which they did warm up for me, that was a nice touch. Kick of spice, warm, and delicious! $2.49? I guess that's decent...The employee who took my order was very nice, thanked me for my business, and gave me a few free doughnut holes to go with the ones I ordered. I'd like to try them again, however, I don't feel I'd make the effort for the selections they have. If I'm in the area, sure. If I'm going to treat myself to a doughnut, I think I'd prefer Ronald's for their doughnut choices, value, and appeal.
3	Went to KD Donuts on the 4th of July, pleased that they were open.  Glad to have proper expectations for the Kolaches based on other reviews!  The mini kolaches were tasty little cheddarwurst sausages with a slice of cheese wrapped in a croissant-like bun.  The old guy (who barely spoke English) warmed them for us without our needing to ask.We chose a variety of donuts (yeast, cake and fritter) and found them all to be very tasty.  Not the best we've ever had, but a step above the chain stores for sure.Main reason for the 3 stars is cleanliness.  There were two dead cockroaches visible in the front area of the store, and as our kolaches warmed in the microwave I noticed two small flying bugs buzzing in the donut cabinet.  We were able to transact business with the old guy who helped us, but he wasn't able to answer any of my questions about the varieties of kolaches on offer.
4	I am a huge fan of eating lighter at one location so that I can stop by another to get a second meal or treat. That was the case one morning. Instead of having a heavy breakfast, I split my meal into two parts so that I could squeeze in half a doughnut and sabotage my sister. The friendly lady working behind the counter was all smiles when we walked in and did not rush me to place an order. I was a child again. Pressing my face to the glass display case, my gaze was all over the place. When I finally decided; I got a strawberry glaze yeast, a blueberry cake, and a  cinnamon buttermilk doughnut ring. I ate half of the last and tucked the remainder away to bring home for my sister. Can you believe I was greeted with expletives instead of gratitude? What an ingrate. Oh well. What I ate was delicious nonetheless. I tend to favor the buttermilk kind or apple fritters. I am happy to find that the former is lighter, airier, and less dense than most. It did not feel like I had a brick of sugary cake in my stomach.
4	I had never heard of kolaches until I saw a review for this place, but they sounded interesting, so I thought I'd give KD's a go. Oh, and also because I love donuts. Love them. So the donuts here are actually good, but nothing too exciting. For a little mom & pop looking place, I expected some unique and creative flavors, but they just have the standard fare. We had the sour cream old-fashioned and the cake blueberry and both were good.But the kolaches.....yum! We had the jalapeno one; the sausage was delicious and a little spicy (and I'm very picky about sausage - I hate it when it's too fatty or a weird texture or a gross grey-ish color). The "bun" was this buttery-doughy-flaky-croissanty thing, kinda like a Pillsbury crescent roll, but bigger. KD's has inspired me to try kolaches wherever I can find them - which, so far, is nowhere!
3	Umm, I don't quite understand what all the hype is about??? I mean they have decent tasting donuts and kolaches but nothing to write home about - in my opinion...This place is better than some but not the best...Everything we tried was A OK - If I was in the area and wanted a donut or a kolache - yes I would go here but I wouldn't drive across town for it either.The kolaches are better tasting when warm....The strawberry donut had real strawberry bits mixed into the frosting - nice touch!!!
2	Hit this place late in the afternoon.  It said they had Kolaches, but once inside, they were sold out and so I picked out a couple of donuts, and found out, they were a little stale.  I don't know if it was the time of day?  Or if they always have stale donuts.  Guess I would have to return to find out.  But with so many other places with great donuts, don't know if it would be worth the trip to this side of town.
3	Came here for lunch one day after school. Got the jalapeno and sausage kolache. Owner was kind enough to warm it up for me so definitely take that option. However, for its size I didn't really feel like it was worth my money. Tasty but nothing special. Maybe the donuts are better..
4	Kalache was good and donuts cheap and good. Always look for the asian donut shop!
2	i have been looking for a truly outstanding apple fritter ever since moving to henderson. still looking. perhaps was better at 5am but at 9am was pretty dried out. also had a jalapeno cheese kolache, was better than the fritter. fellow behind the counter seemed friendly enough. my total came to to $4.04 and he gave me pocket full of change and a five back from my $10. really? yeah, still looking.
2	There's nothing special about their donuts :(
4	This is the place to satisfy your donut cravings. Their donuts are good and cheap. The donuts hit the spot everytime. I tried their mini kolaches for the first time today. It's basically pig/cheese in a blanket. But the kolaches bread is fluffy and good. I like it :) but then again, I'm a huge pig-in-a-blanket fan... who isn't? :) I'm going to get fat from this place. haha
5	Delicious!!! The cheese bacon and sausage crossiant is to die for.... Make sure you buy 3, because 2 isn't enough.
5	Overall very good donuts. Light and not overly sweet. The selection was a bit limited but the quality was outstanding. When I was there, they ran out of donut holes..so the owner made us a fresh batch while we waited!
5	In Henderson, there isn't much competition to Friendly Donuts. But this place might be better. Soft, light, delicious donuts, and nice and cheap. Service is great and some notable favorites would be the chocolate twist and the apple fritter. Give it a shot!!
2	I have to say a total let down, being from Central Texas born and raised and eating Kolaches for many many years, what they had was OK and wasn't worth the 20 min drive there fosho. And even thou they said they make them in house I don't believe that at all frozen Kolaches I truly believe I was given.
2	I don't go here anymore, they never have reg cream donuts I asked if they would make cream donuts without the chocolate on top they told me no. In New York all bakery's sell cream donuts like that and with chocolate on top, and when you walk into the bakery's they are always the 1st to be sold out. What is wrong with these yo yo running this business.
2	Not so hot. The lady was friendly, but the selection was sparse. Just kind of a let down, but the last donut place I ate at was that amazing place in downtown San Diego.   Probably won't come back unless I'm in green valley and need donuts ASAP for a funeral or something.
5	Stopped by on the way to school since I thought it would convenient, didn't think much of the place since I have driven past it for years.  It's a small, clean family donut shop with a decent selection.  I got 2 dozen donuts to feed some athletes I coach. When I got to school, I had one before the kids and it was awesome.  Light and crisp texture - great tasting!  The kids went nuts over them especially the blueberry ones. They were still raving about them at practices hours later.  I have been back 3 more times and have not been disappointed - well maybe a bit when they don't have enough of the blueberry ones.  It is worth a stop!
2	I give this place two stars. I went in they only had like 2 trays of donuts total. And guess what they don't speak English. In America who would have thought that you need to speak English. Well after asking for what my husband wanted a million times I just decided to give up and leave. One can only assume that what they had was on the trays. What a waste of my time. I'm quiet sure I will find myself back here my husband loves the donuts.
4	I stopped in really quick a Kolache. It was pretty good. The aroma of them when heated is lovely! Buttery and meaty. I know it isn't healthy but hey it's delicious. The place offers donuts also but I'll try em next time.They have a variety of drinks, it was very clean, and they accept both cash and cards (over $5).The older man was sweet.I will return.
2	I was so excited to try this place. My grandmother made kolache every year at Christmas. It's a pastry with sweet filling, usually poppyseed. KD does not sell kolache. They sell pigs in a blanket. Sausage and bacon wrapped in a croissant. There is a czech version of pigs in a blanket, they are called klobasnek. Still, not kolache. Anyways, they have donuts...
1	I've been here 3 times and every time i had a different experience that all ended with me regretting going there. the first time i got exactly which donut i wanted but did not have a cash, they told me it was a 5 dollar minimum. i kind of looked around and decided to get 5 dollars worth, the man behind the counter threw in extra donuts and i was so happy. great service. but i when i got home and took a bite it was stale and gross ( no wonder i got extras). the second time i brought cash! The lady behind the counter was so rude i asked for the chocolate donut and she was like ugh you sure you dont want the pig in the blanket (i dont remember the name) and i was frustrated by the time i left, and the donut had a crunch to it (overcooked i guess). My third and final time was today. i again forgot to bring cash, and the gentleman was trying to help me get to that 5 dollar min, i was asking what the flavors where because i did not recognize them, and he was speaking a different language. All he knew how to say was money, and thank you. the donuts again had a crunch and that is not what a donut is. Overall very disappointing and if i didnt live so close and kept forgetting how much i disliked it, i would stop going, they are very convenient to get to with a lot of parking, but if you have a hankering for a real donut, save your craving for a different place. Also note that this visits were several months apart. they get one star for convenience of parking.
3	I stopped in before work one morning about 7:45amon a week day, and I have to say the selection was disappointing. They had tons of kolaches, but I wanted donuts. I got a glazed and a sugar, they were about 90 cents a piece but small. They tasted fresh and were good but I could get the same quality in the supermarket. The guy that waited on me was pleasant but that's about all I can say about this place.I say skip it.
4	I just took my daughter and her friend here looking for donuts as we are new to the area,  we have never heard of a Kolache before but the girls got one to try,  they loved it and said the donuts are good as well !   The gentleman working was very nice and helpful but doesn't speak English so well .   Looks like we'll be coming back.  Wish they were gluten free for me :(
5	These donuts might now be my favorite donuts in Vegas. They are some of the lightest in texture making me not feel so bad eating two. I picked the chocolate glazed and cinnamon old fashioned. Both were lighter in texture than I had expected and the glaze was perfect. I will have to bring these into the office soon. Check them out. Not sure if they take credit/ debit.
