5	Barb's Country Junction gets a 5 star rating for me because it is truly everything that a Pittsburgh restaurant should be.  In addition to being the apple of my nostalgia's eye, it is also the constant thought of my tummy when I'm hungry on the weekends.  Barb's breakfasts cannot be beat, but truly any meal you get there you won't regret.  Everything is made to order, with fair portions, and great prices. My recommendation is a breakfast sandwich on a bagel and a coffee.  There's nothing better than drinking from a cup that could have come from your grandma's kitchen.I know that Gab N Eat is nearby, and Barb's can be a little weird get to with the strange traffic pattern but this really is a gem of Carnegie that you've gotta try!
5	Great little place. Treats you like a local.Eaten here 3 times a week for a month.  Same overtime. Barb is always here.
5	This is a great place to eat and everyone is so friendly. I live right down the street from here but unfortunately, I have only gone a once. Trust me, I will go here more often. The food is great, prices are low, and the staff are friendly. My cousin and I wanted a place to eat and catch up and this was perfect place. I will go here more often.
2	My first time going to Barb's Country Junction and I really wanted to like this place, I really did...however, I didn't.The food was decent, some was above average and some below but it was overall decent. I got pancakes, bacon and eggs. The pancakes were really good and fluffy, the home fries were simply okay and the eggs were not cooked well. My son had a burger and it was good. The coffee at this place was brewed to perfection which a appreciate. I would give the food 3/5.The service was subpar for sure. While our waitress was a really nice girl, she wasn't on top of anything at all. Had to ask for coffee refills, had to ask for silverware, for napkins...etc. She got the order messed up and so on. I give the service 2/5.The inside of the place had some country charm as you'd expect but want particularly cleanly. It also had a leaky roof in several places which had buckets collecting the water. A customer even tripped over the buckets and fell. I give the interior 2/5.The prices were decent. I fed my whole family breakfast (3 of us) for $23. I give the prices 3/5.So in summary, you can get okay food here for a rather cheap price but it is not a great place to dine in by any means. There are better diners in the area that I will patronize in the future rather than Barb's.
3	My husband and I tried this place for the first time today. It was easy to find and no problems with parking. It's "Seat Yourself", but there were no signs stating this, so we stood there looking like fools for a minute. It took awhile for the waitress to acknowledge us and I'm guessing that this was Barb. She apologized and said that one of her workers called off today. No big deal and her apology was appreciated. She came back with our drinks, dropped them off, and left again. We didn't see her for another 20 minutes. Ultimately, we were there for 30 minutes before she took our order. This was aggravating to me. I don't mind waiting for my food if I know it's going to be awesome and they're making it with love, but come on now. We ordered the hot pepper omelette/home fries/ toast and chocolate chip pancakes/sausage. The food was alright, really nothing special. A new waitress ended up taking care of us and she was much more attentive. We may or may not go back.
