5	I LOVE RAYS PIZZA!When I first moved here, I hated the idea of having to go to a pizza hut, but then i saw ray's pizza and thought i would give it a chance..omg and I am so GLAD i did lol They have NY style pizza.. I love their cheese pizza, definately one of a kind. plus its right down the street!
1	This pizza is absolutely foul!I can't believe that anyone likes this place!  It's so disgusting and greasy.  I ordered sausage and it was shredded and salty.  So gross.And what's the deal with having them on every corner?  Worse than Starbucks!  I swear there are about 3 or 4 within about 5 miles of my house on Carefree Highway!
1	when i first moved here I thought this pizza place was the bomb but apparently I came on a good day. I have ordered pizza twice since my last post and have been disgusted. I asked the girl on the phone for a bbq chicken pizza, and she says they can make it. So when I came to pick up my order, the pizza literally had hot wings on top... HOT WINGS!  i have never seen a bbq CHICKEN pizza with hot wings on top, however despite the disapointment in my pizza and the rude service, I figured I'd "try" it. I was repulsed, tossed the pizza and called papa johns. NEVER AGAIN.
3	The pizza isn't bad and the prices are fair
2	Sketchy inside this place and it's unlike most Ray's in the valley.  The kitchen prep area isn't as viewable as most places, staff looked really scruffy and unkept, and the pizza was mediocre.  Found a solid piece of something in my ice once it melted.
5	Great pizza, great service. New style pizza and wings. Crust is nice and crispy. Closest to New York you will get. A+
1	OMG don't waste your time.  Went in for a couple slices of pepperoni,  what I got well not quite sure.  Looked like pre cooked frozen and thawed then placed with pepperonis on it and re heated greasy horrid mess.  The dough tasted like a bad bisquick mix recipe turned into a pizza dough.  Taste mediocre at best.  The place is dirty with dust webs hanging off of fake plants on the wall, tables have a layer of grease on them that feels like its been a loooooonnnnnggggg time since properly cleaned.  SAVE YOUR TIME AND MONEY!
3	This is an older review, from a few months ago..just getting time to finish it! :o) We went to Ray's Pizza because I had to get my tire changed at Discount Tire. This place seems a little run down and the staff seems a bit unkept.....smoking right outside and then comes in to make the pizza. I actually found a very friendly staff and good pizza. We had the veggie pizza. Cooked perfectly and not greasy at all. I was pleasantly surprised. I would recommend for taste and the friendliness.
5	I LOVE the pizza here! Especially the veggie mins olives plus pineapple... It's SO good I really struggle not to just eat until I burst... I've come close.. LOL
