5	I called (A Good Neighbor A/C) on May 4th because our house wasn't getting cold, even when putting the temperature to 69 degrees & we were getting ready to host a wedding in our home the following day.I was in panic mode and didn't know who to call. I thought of calling one of the big name companies that advertise on T.V. but was afraid they would charge me an exorbitant amount. It was then when I posted on Facebook asking if anyone could recommend anyone. A friend posted "A Good Neighbor Air Conditioning and Heating" & said she had a good experience with them. So I called them. Within an hour they sent J.P. to our home. He was professional and sincere. He also found 2 issues which were explained to me and he then told me what the cost would be to repair before he started any work. I told him that I also noticed a large increase on my utility bill, which had to be from the recent use of our A/C. He found the problem to that to and fixed it!  He had our A/C working like new within 45 minutes. Our home is perfectly comfortable now and we didn't spend a fortune! I highly recommend this company.
5	A Good Neighbor has been highly recommended on our local Laveen Facebook Page so when our AC went out on Monday I gave them a call. I got a voicemail recording, but within minutes they called me back and within two hours J.P. was at our townhouse to service the unit. Unfortunately, it needed to be replaced. They schedule the replacement unit for the following morning and the new one was up and running by 1:00pm on Tuesday. That's amazing! They were friendly, accommodating, easy to work with, plus thay gave me a very fair price. I would highly recommend them. Thank you so much!
5	called on a saturday morning cuz A/C blowing hot air in august, not good. half hour later, capacitor changed out and all cool in crazy town. techs in and out, had parts in the truck, great experience. thx alex and helper.
1	Terrible service! Had a repair guy come to our house last year. He charged $300 to have freon and replace run capacitors. Few months later, a/c stopped working again. Service guy came in told us there is no Freon and to inspect leak and install a/c, would cost $565!! Looks like the last guy didn't fix the freon leak. However, $565 to fix and add Freon, really?! I'm looking at $900 bill in less than a year. I'm never calling them and never recommending to anyone.Not to mention the first repair guy, replaced with old run capacitors. When asked about it, he said new one would cost $200. So, I ok'd to use old ones. Come to find out run capacitors are less than $25!!!I would never let these cheaters come near by my house again!!!First guy was - Alex Chavez, second guy - Sal
1	It's been awhile since my horrible experience with this company but I saw some posts about them on a Laveen, AZ, Facebook page and thought I'd go for it.THIS COMPANY SUCKS.......THE OWNER AND TECH NAMED ALEX!!!!! Alex came to our house four times last summer between July 2013 and September 2013. Replaced a capacitor and put freon in. A/C stopped working less than two weeks later and had to replace the motor (unit bolted down inside the outdoor cover). Had to come back two additional times to put freon in. Once he left his very large screwdriver inside the unit. When he came back he told my husband he knew he had left it there but said because we had just given him a large check he bought a new one.After pleading with the owner to send someone else this past spring when we realized it wasn't blowing cold air again......what did he do....he sent Alex. He tried to give my husband some lame excusses about leaks and wanted to do all this work while we were at work.....uuuhhh NO!! We had him pack up his tools and leave.Called the owner on 'Good Friday', said he was out of town and would call back.....guess what.....he never did. My husband sent a very long email to the owner and we have yet to hear back.I heard thru the Laveen grapvine today that they went out of business......YAY!!!!!If they aren't they should be and no one, I mean no one should EVER trust them......EVER!!!!!P.S. Sorry I didn't know all the technical terms....I'm a girl, what can I say.
