2	My doctor's office uses Avella to fill their specialty scripts so I didn't have much choice when picking this facility. Sadly, I had multiple poor experiences and would be hesitant to use them again. Their phone system is difficult to get through and even once you finally get a real person it doesn't always get better. On more than one occasion, the answer to my question was "I don't know." No offer to check, just "I don't know." The location is far for me, so after the first time of driving out there and being told they don't have my medications ready yet, I opted to pay extra for the mail delivery.  However, on one of the shipments, they accidently delivered to the wrong address and failed to notify me. I know they recently switched from Apothecary to Avella so I'm hoping they get some of their kinks worked out. Fast.
1	Pathetic!  I left a Rx there for 4.5 hours.  Stopped back by to pick it up and it wasn't filled.  Their response,  "This is written for the brand name, all we have is the generic."  The script was signed off on the sub permissible line too.  I pointed this out, they said "we still can't fill it "(which I later learned is a BS lie)...my question to them, "Did you happen to think to call my Doctor, or me during the past 4 hours?"  "Uh, we can call now, what time do they close?"  It was just after 5pm, so good luck with that you big dope.  They did not even have the intelligence or consideration to call me...a bunch of morons who have no clue how to run a pharmacy.  I will return to the Scottsdale store where they seem to have a few brain cells left.
1	UPDATEOut of pure convenience of location, (I was literally right in the neighborhood) I did refill here a couple of times (Glendale location) because one of my scripts is very hard to track down.  The last couple times were okay.  Today was a different story...I went there to get my medications refilled after getting an injection in my back and having had very little sleep the previous night.  I asked how long filling my RX would take, I was told "About 15 min"..."Okay, I will wait for them" I told the gal at the counter.  I know for a fact that they knew I was there, because after being there about 5 minutes, I went back up and purchased a drink.  There were NO OTHER WAITING CUSTOMERS, in the waiting area!  Not one! Two customers did come in to pick up their prescriptions (one of whom appeared to be the mother of one of the pharmacy techs, and after someone else sent him up front to wait on her he joked about weather or not he was "legally allowed to ring her up" The DHL guy came by to pick up/drop off packages...they did not by any means appear to be swamped and had at least 5 or so people working behind the counter and in the back.  After close to 35 minutes I went up and asked if my prescriptions were ready, one of the gals turned around and said, "Oh yeah, it's been sitting here."  When she came to ring me up, I said it would have been really nice to have been informed of that. After my last review, I noticed several months after it that a manager or someone working for Avella and claiming to be concerned about the fact that I had a lousy experience there messaged me...in the message the person asked which location I had the issue at.  Which was weird, because I did put the review under the Glendale location and mention  that I would be returning to the Scottsdale location where I had not experienced any issues...(okay, okay...I said that I'd be returning to "the Scottsdale location where they seemed to still have a few brain cells left).These people have zero competence so far as customer service or attention to detail...if you have to go there, don't expect them to call you up when your Rx is ready.  Out of not wanting to be a pest and trusting that they did have some level of professionalism I did not pester them or keep a close eye on the clock.  Don't make that mistake if you have to fill there.  They do not care about wasting your time, as I have noted on more than one occasion.  Oh, and if they say they will have an Rx ready for you, double check before you head in to get it.  The last time I was there, a lady came in and said she was told her Rx would be ready that day, but it was not.  She stated that since she had taken a detour on her way to work she would not be able to wait around for it...so that poor gal had them suck up her time too.It's unfortunate that since they are in a specialty field and many people don't have much choice but to go to them that they treat their customers as they do.  If possible, go with the Scottsdale location they are better!
1	This company is very sneaky they deleted my review.  So here it is again. I think people should no the truth and what to expect from this company!!!   I have been getting my prescriptions filled here for years and the last year or so the customer service has gone down hill. I was very unhappy with the service I received my last few visits so this is why I felt the need to leave a review. I came into the pharmacy around 1:00 and was greeted by a nice girl who was on a phone call. She had said someone will be wright with you and no one moved or even looked at me. She had turned around and asked if someone would help me and there were two other girls behind her and a gentleman. One girl turned around looked at me and then turned back around and the other girl rolled her eyes and then came over to help me with an attitude like I was bothering her that I was there. While I was being rang up I noticed a girl had come out of the room where they make there medication  with her gloves on and it looked like powder  was still on her gloves and she was walking around and her shirt was a mess her hair was purple and she looked completely out of it Just very unprofessional!!!!  Things like this have happened almost everytime I'm in there the past 5 months or so.   I'm not sure if there has been some staff changes but the one little girl That I think has been there the longest who normally makes the medication is pregnant and has been working at the register is very helpful but the other staff seems very rude and annoyed by customers.
