3	Activities for the kiddies...Based on Susan R.'s review, we loaded up two cars full of kids to take them to see The Gift of Lights.  Another friend had mentioned they had driven through the whole thing in ten minutes, which seemed like a big waste for $13/car.  However, it was a weekday and the kids were all bundled up and ready to go!If you drive slow enough and take the time to figure out what each light display is supposed to be, it'll last longer than ten minutes.  Some of the displays were pretty awesome and the tunnels were fun to drive through, while others were just mediocre.  Take advantage of the $2 discount by bringing a bag of clothes to donate.  The refreshments booths in the beginning of the drive through consist of water downed apple cider and water downed hot chocolate. (It's a $1 a cup and for charity, so why not?)  Keep on driving and there's a Starbucks booth ahead too for all the grown ups who need a shot of caffeine.When you're done, head on over to Henderson to see the Ethel M. Factory and their cacti garden of lights.  It'll give the kids a chance to get out of the car and run around, which is definitely what they'll be anxious to do after being stuck in the car!
5	Suzie Q's review sums up perfectly.  Very worth seeing, the whole time I kept thinking about how long it must have took to set all those lights up....
5	This is another Christmas tradition for us and my in-laws that we do every year. It's beautiful. Yes, it's for charity- the admission, is per car- donate a bag of gently used clothing to Goodwill and get $2- off. The lights, the decorations, the music (you tune it to the radio station that they have on a sign there, can't remember what it is, at the moment), and you will be in a festive holiday mood. Do not rush through it; take your time. There are refreshments like hot cocoa (sold upon entering) but it was just warm one year, so we didn't get it again. There is a horse drawn carriage, that is an additional charge, for those of you who don't mind the brisk desert air.If you come every year, you will notice which displays are old and which ones are new. It's neat to see how big that it's gotten over the years. But still surprised at how many valley residents have not come here to experience this. It's really neat.
2	Disappointing. I went on a Friday night (12/17/10) and only about 60% of the lights were on because of the rain. Sure it rarely rains in Vegas, but they should have been smart enough to know that water and electricity don't work well together and planned for a situation like that. The lights that were working were ok, but nothing out of the ordinary. Paying $15 for this debacle was way too much. They gave us free passes so we could come back to see it when all the lights are working again. But, I have no desire to drive back up here (it's at the LV Motor Speedway instead of at Sunset). They should have just discounted the admission price.
5	This year, since the event lost their lease at Sunset Park, it was held at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway- yeah, the drive is a bit longer (take the 15 past North Las Vegas). At first thought, it was an odd idea. The signs along the way really help those of not familiar with the area BTW. But we went last night, and we were pleasantly surprised. Discount for donating gently used items to Goodwill are: Mon/Tues/Wed- get $5.00 off the $15.00 admission- Thurs-Sun- get $2.00 off the $15.00 admission.  Hot cocoa & cider is $1.00 and kettle popcorn is $5.00. There is a cute little girl wearing a Christmas Tree outfit asking if you want hot cocoa or hot cider (kinda reminded me of Grease 2). Because of the disappointment with the cocoa in the past, we went to 7-11 to get our hot cocoa (we have the refillable cups) before we drove out there. Upon paid entry, you will get a goodie bag (discounts & coupons) and brief directions- ie. radio station in tune, turn of all lights, do not stop.It seemed to be much longer and much better than when the event was held at Sunset Park- about 24 minutes compared to about 15 minutes on average. They made good use of all the archways and tunnels creating nicer light displays for us to enjoy. There was one towards the end that ended up being my favorite part- it was a huge rectangular continuous display- about 60 feet long, I am guessing (if you can think of the top and sides only being lighted since we were driving underneath it)- just beautiful and spectacular. There were the usual sponsors like US Bank and Fox 5. The lights included fairytales- Humpty Dumpty, Shark Reef, a jewish display, candy canes, christmas trees, etc. There are some people carrying flashlights along the way to help guide you as well as cones and signs too. But at times, we had to turn on the lights. The guy behind us was in a mad hurry too, which was annoying, but we ignored him. Tip: do not rush through this.Although it's been raining here the last few days, the weather was quite mild last night when we went- it was a bit windy, but that's it. It was an enjoyed holiday tradition for us (we've been going every year that we've been together), but seemed better at this unlikely location- the speedway.
4	Really awesome light display..so worth it for a good cause..its actually a lot longer then you expect it to be! Great holiday event!
