5	Service was quick, friendly and attentive, food was excellent! Some of the best BBQ and sides I've had in awhile! Portions were pretty big too. I couldve stopped halfway through but I ate the whole plate! They have 2 sauces, their signature (tomato based) and mustard/vinegar. I tried both and they're equally good, I switched back and forth or even mixed the two sauces! Luckily I work in Fort Mill otherwise it is a little far to get to from Charlotte. I'll be back for sure!
4	Good food. Good people. It's nice to have a local meat and veggies type place.
5	The BBQ is excellent, and the sides are even better!
4	Stopped in for an early dinner to-go on a Tuesday evening.  The restaurant is located in a little strip shopping area just past the intersection of Gold Hill Rd. and 160.  The interior is well-lit and I was greeted from the counter as I walked in.The menu is your standard bbq fare with only glaring exception (IMO).  There was no pulled poultry on the menu.  No chicken or turkey.  The only poultry on a bun on the menu was a chicken breast sandwich.  I ordered the regular pork sandwich to-go which came with one side.  I chose mac n cheese for the side and some sweet tea to drink.  The total came to $8.95.  While my order was being prepared, I fixed my tea from the self-serve beverages.  The tea wasn't all that sweet for my liking, but it wet my whistle.  My food was ready to go in probably seven minutes or so.  When I got home, I found a rather large amount of pork on a bun with the sauce on the side, along with a healthy serving of the mac n cheese.  The pork was great, although there wasn't enough sauce in the little tub for me to sufficiently soak my sandwich.  The mac n cheese was pretty good.  A little on the rich side, but manageable.This place is a definite come-backer.  The food and the friendly service is worth a visit.
4	GREAT mac and cheese.  Really great mac and cheese as a matter of fact.  It is baked, not a prepared sauce poured over pasta which is typical of most places.  So, so good.  Bbq sauces were tasty.  Fries were so-so.  Decor is nothing special, but who expects that from a bbq joint.
2	My wife  stopped in awhile back to pick up dinner on a whim. Unfortunatley she waited quite awhile for the food and when she got it home plated it up and we began to eat there was just nothing special about it. Kinda bland overly smokey and the sauce wasn't there she had the beef and I had the pork sandwich with chicken strips for the tot. When I checked my bill I almost fell out of my chair 30 some odd dollars for small portions and drinks not impressed to say the least. We have not been back maybe I'll give it another go one day when I am ready to drop some coin on a BBQ sammy.
5	Always good BBQ and friendly service, the kids enjoy eating here as well.
2	I had lunch at Fort Mill BBQ on a Saturday.  The restaurant was about 1/3 to 1/2 full.  You order at the counter and they bring your food out to you.  I ordered the three meat combo as I wanted to try all the meats, pork, brisket, and ribs.  Combo plates also come with two sides.  I got the mac n cheese and baked beans.  It was pretty pricey at $18.50, but not out of line with other BBQ restaurants.  My food came out pretty quickly.  There was a good size portion of pork & ribs (3 bones), but the brisket portion was pretty skimpy, only two slices of brisket.  Also the ribs had a mustard based sauce brushed on them and were sitting on top of the brisket so that the sauce dripped down on the brisket.  I'm not too picky, but I do like to choose which sauce goes on which meat.  The ribs were very disappointing.  They were cooked enough to be done, but nowhere near long enough to be any good.  I couldn't really taste any smoke flavor and there was no smoke ring visible.  Eating these ribs was like eating a pork chop. The brisket was tender and moist with a nice smoke ring.  The flavor was also pretty good.  I just wished they had given me more than two slices.  Also the mustard BBQ sauce that had dripped on them was also not the best.  The pulled pork was a good sized portion and looked good with visible pieces of bark.  It was a little dry, but just barely.  The flavor was pretty good.  They had several types of sauces on the table, a thin vinegar based sauce, a mustard based sauce, what looked to be a mustard/tomato combo and a tomato based sauce.  All of the sauces were pretty good, I liked the mustard/tomato combo the best.The mac n cheese was very good.  It is homemade and baked in an oven.  The serving I got had a lot of the melted brown cheese from the top in it and was great.  The baked beans looked and tasted like they had just been spooned out of a can.  I could see that they had tried to spice them up a little, but that attempt failed.  Overall my visit was OK.  If I came back I would skip the ribs and brisket and just get a pulled pork sandwich.  But I probably won't be back as there are much better BBQ places to go to.
4	I ship their sauce to all my relatives all over the country. I love it!
2	This was my first time at this restaurant. I've been to a number of BBQ restaurants in Charlotte, and this restaurant's food was not that great. I ordered the Brisket. The texture of a well done brisket is that it sort of juicy and breaks apart easy. It isn't supposed to be dry and tough. Brisket here was a tough chew. I didn't have their BBQ, but my friend said it was ok. Price was pretty expensive. I got two pieces of Brisket, two sides, and it cost 12.99 if I remember correctly. I thought it was just a tad expensive for this type of restaurant. The staff is extremely friendly though. I really liked them. The food just wasn't up to par.
5	Good Q, And try the Corn! Its amazingly GOOD
4	Excellent BBQ and Mac N Cheese. The Texas toast was melted butter on white bread which did not appear to have been toasted. This place has the quality to AMP up the decor. Their BBQ blows Jim and Nicks away, but the decor is like a cheap dive. The owners should look at Midwood for some interior design options. This is more of a take out for dinner than a dine in.
2	The barbeque that they serve must not be what they have won competitions with. Its just ok bbq with ok sides. Not impressed.
2	I had lunch here and being from Texas, I ordered the large Beef Brisket plate as I haven't had GOOD brisket in a long time.  Well as it turns out, I still haven't. The beef brisket was not good and way overpriced.  It looked like it was a day or two old. It tasted very bland and cardboardish. For $15.99 a plate I was not happy at all. The sides I had, fries and fried okra were your run of the mill frozen type so there is really nothing here worth a second shot.  Too bad...
3	Overall a decent place, clean curtious staff.  Had the brisket, was well seasoned but a bit on the dry side.
4	Overall really good barbecue.  I LOVE their chipotle cheese stuffed sausage!  The cheese is just amazing.  I had it on their burger once and it was good, as well.  The hushpuppies are really good here, too.  The centers of them are moist, which reminds me sort of a conch fritter.  Pulled pork, mac and cheese, and baked beans are real good.  Good variety of sauces...I prefer their signature sauce, which is a cross between a vinegar and tomato based sauce in my opinion.I had their brisket once and it was not my favorite.  I tried the ribs once and they had a lot of fat and were tough.  I hope those instances were just a fluke b/c everything else has been great.  I love to support local businesses and the workers always are nice and accommodating.  Great place!
3	My wife and I stopped in at Fort Mill BBQ Company on our way back from Sheep Shearing Day at Historic Brattonsville.  It really is a challenge to cook BBQ in a restaurant setting -- trying to work out timings in having meats be ready and trying not to hold them too long in warmers is really tricky!  To get a proper feel of a BBQ place takes at least 2 or 3 visits.  However, I can only base my reviews on one visit...At Fort Mill BBQ Company, you order at the counter, and the food is brought out to you.  We ordered a sampler plate (with an extra rib) and a pork BBQ plate with mac & cheese and baked beans.  I'll summarize my thoughts by each piece.  First, the good...The pork was very flavorful and not too dry.  The brisket had a nice looking smoke ring and was tasty, but I wish it had not been drenched in their house BBQ sauce (along with the turkey and sausage).  The sausage was pretty tasty -- not too spicy.  The turkey was by far the best part of the meal.  It was very moist and flavorful with just the right amount of smoke.  The mac & cheese was good and cheesy.And then the not-so-good...The wings (which I ordered smoked and tossed in a chipotle sauce) were oversmoked and had a chemical taste.  I could not taste the sauce very well, but it did not have any sort of chipotle flavor at all.  The baked beans tasted like they were straight out of a can.So my final thoughts?  Decent.  Is it worth driving an hour from Mint Hill to visit on a repeated basis?  Not really...
4	Great place to sit down with the kids or run in for lunch for a quick bite,. I love the 3 bones with the sweet sauce and my new favorite things is there corn fritters.  I also really like all the made from scratch soups and how no matter what, come rain or shine you can find the owner Bob in his office watching over his baby.
5	So this review is for food only.  My house mom (long story) brought me back some take-out from here, and from my first bite of rib, I wanted to cry from sheer joy.  These were the most incredible dry-rub ribs ever!  The rub was moderately spicy, and had a nice burn, the meat was tender, almost falling off the bone, just the way I like it.  Cole slaw was good.  I'm dairy and gluten free and bbq is definitely one of those things that is easy to do GF/CF.  Can't wait to go there in person!
2	I feel like this place is starting to take short cuts.  The Mac and cheese which I usually love from here was not as good the last couple of times.  The chicken didn't even taste like it was smoked.  Green beans were bland...maybe from a can.  The smoked sausage with pimento was still good, but anything is good drowned in cheese.  I am kind of afraid to go back because the last two times were so disappointing.
3	I got two carry out orders of pull pork baskets. One with fries and one with onion rings. Food was good but The fries/onion rings portion was extremely small for 8.00 each. I had like five little onion rings and my other order had like 10 small fries....
1	Tried this place for the first time after living in South Carolina for 6 years because they advertise gluten free. The cashiers were very friendly and helpful about ordering my food but the cook seemed irritated when they asked him a question and they Only had one fryer working so could not get wings that would be gluten free. I ordered the sampler and the food was so so. Unfortunately I has a severe reaction after eating here. The kitchen obviously did not take precautions. They advertise gluten free but really should not.
2	Not impressed with our Togo order. Looked like it was slapped together. The cheese fries looked like they had no cheese on them. Also we did not receive a receipt after paying.
3	I had a large pork plate with spare rib mac cheese and hush puppies. Every thing was good. I'm just not convinced that it was worth the $$$$.  I've had better BBQ but it was $15.
4	Really good food. Ate there after running 13 miles for a spartan race,  and had awesome food and sides. The mac and cheese was definitely to die for. That and the beef brisket were so good. The staff were very friendly,  and the food came out very fast. Good place for quick eats.
