4	So many cafes are just a bit mediocre or standard, so it was a treat to recently come across a cafe I hadn't been to before in Edinburgh, and also to leave impressed.I like the fact Word of Mouth is away from the hubbub of the centre of town, tucked away down a side street off Leith Walk. No doubt a lot of Leithers will already frequent Word of Mouth, but the simple, wooden furniture, modern, coloured lamps hanging overhead and relaxed vintage feel of this cafe will definitely tempt me to walk a bit further away from town in the future. The staff were lovely, and the feeling of the clientele and the place was chilled out and easy. Much to my annoyance, I wasn't at all hungry, but the mezze section of the ethically sourced food menu looked fantastic, as did the homemade cakes on display. I also noticed the cafe holds performance poetry and music open mic nights, which felt entirely right to me, as this seems like the perfect venue for such events.
5	Tucked away up a side street near Edinburgh's takeaway epicentre, finding Word of Mouth is like uncovering hidden treasure!Individual, eclectic and carrying the personality of the staff, it is a rustic looking coffee shop selling hearty portions of healthy food. The menu is contained, but you are given many options as to what you desire on your sandwich or ciabatta bread. The staff make a wonderful coffee and boast of having a huge amount of veggie options.My ciabatta was gorgeous. Went for the Greek fillings as usual (I am so boringly predictable) but it makes me a good judge of food from the Med since I've tasted enough sun dried tomatoes to know quality by now! I can happily report that my lunch was delicious, not to mention healthy - my ciabatta was engulfed by salad!The staff were relaxed and breezy, but left me with a bit of peace and quiet to read my book as the Beatles played on in the background. But aside from all these plus points, what makes Word of Mouth so special for me is the fact it is entirely individual. It's personal, plays a part in Edinburgh's creative culture by hosting various evenings, and sells prints made by the people working in the shop. Its walls pay tribute to bygone era's, with a lot of 50s pin up art gracing the walls. It's not the kind of place where an employee is going to get sacked for wearing a headband and hanging a picture up in the wrong place, which is what wins me over most of all. With its kitschy, home kitchen appeal, hodge podge of wall art and card collections, I guess Jonathon was right in saying it fronts a coffee shop revolution of sorts. It's unique and isn't trying to be uniform, which is enough of a revolt against commercialism to get me coming back for more!
4	I think this place has a pretty cool name which is definitely in tandem with its clean, vibrant and almost retro image.  The interior is stylish and modern, but feels a bit ragged round the edge which suits the whole ambiance of the bistro.  I don't have a particularly sweet tooth but they have a huge range of tempting cakes and muffins.  Further, just about everything on the menu is made from ethical sources and its a strong advocator of Fairtrade produce.  I had the scrambled eggs on toast which had herbs mixed in with it and tasted delicious.  The service was friendly but everyone at the counter did seem to be waiting for quite a while.  Nevertheless, the food is certainly worth the wait and their lunchtime menu has plenty of tasty-looking and healthy Mediterranean options like olives with feta cheese and cured meat.  If this isn't enough they also do open mic and even poetry events which they advertise inside.  Word of Mouth is a great place to get health, tasty food or even some evening entertainment - well worth a visit.
5	Word of Mouth was the first place my friend (a former Leith-er) ever took me to in Leith. I was starving and she had some errands to run, so I promised that I'd go with her if and only if she took me somewhere good to eat. And she did. And I ate spanicopitta (delicious!) and something else I can't totally recall, but I remember it being fairly delicious and pretty affordable.We didn't get to stay very long as my friend had to run to catch a train, but it felt like the kinda place I could definitely sit around drinking coffee and having wee bites to eat.
5	My tummy and tastebuds are very happy after my Sunday brunch at Word of Mouth.Situated on the slightly derelict Albert Street, in the hit-and-miss Leith area, I can tell I will become a frequent customer when in the Leith area. There aren't many other cafes around, but rather than rest on its laurels that it'll get customers purely due to lack of other options, Word of Mouth seems to be trying its darndest to provide delicious food, in a very homely and hand-made environment.First, to get the bad stuff out of the way. We came here around 11am on Sunday morning and it was really busy. It's small inside, with the tables quite squashed up. There was one girl cooking and one girl doing everything else - serving, the till, tidying tables, taking orders. This means we waited...and waited... So service was slow. But not in a lazy "we'll get round to it" way. The poor girl was frazzled, and run off her feet. So I was sympathetic rather than annoyed. Also, when we placed our breakfast order, she did at least tell us there'd be a 15 minute wait. Yes, a wait is annoying, but I'd much rather be told than not. So they were conscientious that they were busy.For breakfast there are all the usual things: sausages, bacon, eggs, the 'big breakfast', or filled rolls. Lunch started at 1pm and I will definitely be back to sample some of the delicious sounding sandwiches and mezze platters. But I piped for a poached egg on toast with bacon and eggs, and the boy had the big breakfast (complete with haggis, this made me happy).Oh my goodness me, the breakfast was delicious. The bread, thick brown wholemeal, it was delicious in itself. I've no idea where they get it from, but it was almost as good as cake. The egg poached perfectly too. All in all, it was scrumptious. And it definitely hit the spot. The portion was really big too, and it made me sad I couldn't finish it. Considering the prices (super cheap!) you do get very good value for money.They also have movie nights here, which sound lovely.It's very rare I'll give somewhere 5 stars unless it is nothing but perfection. The service and waiting time wasn't perfect, but the food more and made up for this. There were also some delicious looking cakes (home-baked) that I'll have to come back, try and report on. Oh the things I do for Yelp!
4	Popped by here again, this time for lunch rather than brunch so there was a lot more to choose from.Equally satisfied with my lunch as my previous breakfast. I had a ciabatta with tuna, mozarella and olives (my own choice, they have that delightful but time-consuming option of choose what you want). It was big, served with salad, and it was very tasty.The boy had the chicken monsieur (like a croque monsieur but with chicken). Wow. The chicken was as if it had been pulled off a fresh roasted bird. Not packet, definitely home cooked. And it was a good size. Croque monsieurs can go so wrong and be so greasy, but the cheese topping was perfect, and there wasnt too much cheese inside (you can tell I tried some).I was sorely tempted by the cakes but was stuffed from my ciabatta. They look delicious though.My only wee nagging 'meh' that has happened on both visits now is that there are only two staff on, and despite being small, it's busy. It means there's always a table uncleared and it takes a while to get served. So don't come here if you need a fast and snappy lunch. But if you have an hour or so to yourself and want some tasty food, this place is a winner.
4	Had the big breakfast (wanted to try haggis and black pudding for the first time) at a reasonable price.  Nice little spot with a few tables and window-front seating.  Breakfast made in front of you, if you want to watch.
3	What I did love about WoM is the ambience on a Sunday afternoon. Chillout music (although the pace clearly changed as we left, music from 40's-50's to Indie Rock), the eclectic surroundings. I was however a little disappointed in the menu given previous reviews and found it more limited than what I was expecting. I had the morroccan cous cous sandwich - couscous stuffed into pita bread - the couscous was bland and the chilli mayonnaise, distinctly lacking in chilli. Frozen chips that were distinctly cardboardy. The boy was expecting his breakfast roll to have two halves of ciabatta, not one. Not sure where we missed out here. Despite that, WoM has heart, which is nice to see in any business, but it's probably not one I'll frequent.
2	Don't wrinkle your nose at me, young woman!It's bad enough to not smile at customers, but to look at them as though they're something slightly puzzling that has blown in under the door really isn't the best customer service. I wondered if I had jam round my mouth, or twigs in my hair, but no, my companions got much the same look when they arrived. And an underwhelming apology when they had to send coffee back for being cold. So - it's a nice wee cafe, the coffee was good (when it was hot) and the croissant delicious. But the customer service leaves a bit to be desired.
5	I have a real, proper soft spot for Word of Mouth. It's quirky and full of personality, kind of squirrelled away off the main drag on Leith Walk, and never fails to make me smile. The cafe is small, with higgeldy piggeldy wooden tables and chairs for you to choose from. Downstairs there is a veritable treasure trove of crafty delights and gifts, ideally placed on the way to the loos. I find myself pottering around downstairs looking to spend pennies, before I actually, well, spend a penny. There are paintings from local artists on the walls for you to buy, retro sweeties and a big selection of cakes and other sweet treats lining the counter. I've eaten here several times and the food has always been good. Last visit saw me chow down on leek and potato soup with crusty bread. It was like a farmers' lunch - hearty or what. There's something very unique about WoM. Long may its doors be open for me to come through :)
4	Oh, cute cute cute! This little cafe is just too adorable. Wooden floor, rickety wooden furniture, and one seriously impressive big wooden door in the wall are just the start. The little room has books at head-height around the walls, little vintage adverts on the walls and cheery service, PLUS the ever-adored free Wifi... this is my kind of place.I need to say that at the time of writing, I am not a coffee devotee - something I intend to tutor myself in, but nevertheless the case at present. I always feel deeply jealous of the fun that coffee-drinkers get to have with the scientific LEVERS on their drinks (I mean, of course, the plunger on a cafetiere). As children, my brother and I used to take it in turns to push down the plunger for our parents each morning and I haven't had that little indulgence since I moved out on my own. But - joy of joys! What have we here? Can it be?! A plunger on my little teapot! With the fruit tea mix poured into the central column, I could squidge it down and squeeze out the flavour. I cannot begin to convey the joy this brought me; all I will say is that I ordered another pot as soon as I had finished, even though I wasn't thirsty.It was starting to get busy when I left, and I can imagine that when it's full it feels a bit cluttered and cramped. There might be a table too many for such a weeny place.As I settled up at the counter, someone was just taking receipt of the most melty-tempting slab of cheese on toast I've encountered in a while. I'll have to go back and sample the food. All in the name of reviewer's completionism, you understand.
5	Ohhhhh, that's it. That, my friends, is IT. I am updating. This place has to get the fifth star.I came here for lunch today with Nikki A and it garnered Major Bonus Points in a number of ways additional to those excellent features mentioned in my last review.Nikki was able to bring her gorgeous wee four-legged pal along because (Major Bonus Points number one) it is dog-friendly. I ordered the lemon chicken wrap, which was (MPB#2) GIGANTIC. It came wrapped in flatbread, rather than a tortilla, so it was pretty (MBP#3) hefty, and (MBP#4) the filling was super-generous. And, more to the point, (MBP#5) extremely good. No doubt with regard to the lemony flavour, and the chicken delicate and tender... Word of Mouth, could you be any more wonderful? Methinks not. Five stars for you, my love.
4	Staff with a sense of humor. The Mrs: (after arriving at almost noon) "I'd like a crepe...is that still possible?"Guy behind the counter: "Anything's possible."The Mrs: "Can I have two tap waters?"GBC: "No, tap water's all done."
4	A delightful surprise. Small setting with funky, comfortable surroundings. Friendly staff, excellent Fentiman's ginger beer, fresh spring mix with good balsamic vinaigrette, salami and roasted veggie sandwich. Just the thing for lunch.
5	While staying in Edinburgh I set up camp in Leith Walk and happened upon this charming cafe which, all charm aside, happened to be a few blocks away.   Convenience alone drew me in the door but I'd be lying if I said convenience was the reason I kept coming back.    I ordered a "veggie breakfast," which I'm not entirely sure is on the menu.  I wouldn't be surprised if they made it custom for me, the shop is just that kind of place.   It was a fried egg and mushrooms, over some flatbread, with a side of baked beans.   Sounds humdrum and ordinary but this is one of the best breakfasts I've had in the world.   So much so that after a tour of Scotland I planned a out of the way trip back to Leith Walk the morning before my flight out.   Add to that a cool atmosphere, down to earth locals, and dedicated staff you have a win win for my favorite cafe.   I only wish I lived in Edinburgh.    Check out the geometric graffiti mural on their shutters as well.   A great place with par excellence food and coffee, good energy and fantastic people.
4	Small, homey interior coupled with lovely and very friendly service. Not only that, but when presented with a gigantic, delicious croque, my heart was won over. Not a bad place to pop in at when in the Leith area, although it does seem to be a bit off the beaten path!
