5	I run alot and, as a result, had a few nagging injuries that I just didn't seem to stretch enough on my own.  Apex has helped me tremendously, specifically in stretching my hamstring and calf muscles.  I've learned some simple stretches to do on my own and have appointments regularly.  I largely credit my ability to continue running pain-free to the stretching regimen I employ through Apex.  I would highly recommend anyone, athlete or not, to Apex and would be shocked if you don't feel you get much beyond your money's worth.
5	Judy has been my ashiatsu practitioner for years.  She has developed her skills and techniques over the years and is uniquely focused on what she does.  She has a flow about her work that allows the body to relax, let go, and become part of a healing process that goes quite deep.  I have learned from her quiet demeanor - intention is everything - and Judy has it.Awesome practitioner - thanks, Judy - Dr. Sue
5	Judy is awesome!!!! Her knowledge of the body and how it works and how to help those nagging pains and aches, is the best I have found. I am an owner/operator of a carpet cleaning company, so you can imagine the work my body gets, Judy has a great touch. She has got the best touch in town when it comes to getting a great massage and I hear from friends that maybe the best feet in town as she does some kind of massage with her feet. She has moved her office to Miller and Indian School, so that will be very convenient. Thanks Judy and keep up the GREAT WORK!!!
5	Judy is a GREAT massage & stretch therapist.  If you've had a few massages in your lifetime from a few massage therapists then you probably can distinguish the difference between someone who understands the anatomy & someone who does not really have a plan of action.   Judy truly knows what she is doing.  Her massages are not only extremely relaxing, they are also therapeutic.  My personal experience - Judy is THE best massage therapist.  You will not be disappointed.
5	Pow, Judy makes it better.  I never feel like I have time to or money for a massage but when I go I wonder why it took so long!  She has a tidy little room where she works her magic.  She is simply fantastic!  This is not your spa or chain store massage, this is deep tissue as intense as you desire.  She has several different styles but I prefer a strait sports massage.
5	I live a rather sedentary life, but occasionally honey-dos take their toll.  Judy's full-body massage comes to the rescue and has me feeling great again. Other times, I'll get a massage to remove toxins or just get more movement in these old bones.  I have used other therapists in the past, but Judy is the only one I would go to now.  She's fabulous!
5	Wow! Judy what can I say....There are not enough stars to rate how wonderful your massages are! I was having trouble with my shoulder and Judy not only worked her magic on the area but also explained why the area was so inflamed.  Her knowledge of the body is extensive and it really shows in her massage.  The pain is gone and I feel like I can function again!  Love ya Judy!!!
5	Glad I just found this listing online, reminds me that I gotta schedule another appointment! Although I've only been brave enough to try relaxation techniques so far, Judy put me at ease (and almost to sleep) very skillfully. They say you can judge a place by whether or not you'd refer your own mother there. Well, I would...and I HAVE!
5	Aches and pains don't stand a chance against Judy's skills. Her massage can remedy a bad back, stiff neck and/or sore muscles. As an active individual, Judy provides me with the relief I need after an intense workout. I am so thankful that I stumbled upon Judy & Apex Bodyworx! Before I decided to try my first Ashiatsu Massage (a super cool/ amazing/ wondrous technique where Judy uses her feet for part of the massage instead of her hands), the tightness in my lower back and hamstrings was getting in the way of my workouts. I've also tried numerous other massage therapists, expensive spas as well as deep stretching classes, and none of them can even compare to Apex Bodyworx. What distinguishes Judy from others in her field is that she actually knows exactly where to apply pressure in order to help alleviate specific pain. There's actually a method to her massage, she's not just going through the motions or randomly pressing different places. This is what real deep tissue pain relief feels like! Plus, her prices are very reasonable for the effective and relaxing therapy that she provides. Totally worth it.Simply put, Judy is remarkable. She has great energy, is super down to Earth, and is also extremely knowledgeable when it comes to stretching and massage. If you're in need of some deep tissue treatment (especially if you're an athlete, muscle man, muscle woman, fitness freak, gym rat or just the average Joe looking for some stress relief), skip the fancy spas, salons, etc. and go straight to Judy. When it comes to massage, Apex Bodyworx is literally as good as it gets.
5	Incredible! Judy has worked on me multiple times, from stretching to Aushiatsu! Her knowledge, experience and skill are top notch!
5	If you want a massage that is productive and really gets out the knots, aches, and pains...this is the place for you.  Judy's work was definitely relaxing yet was an intense sports massage....exactly what I wanted and needed. Only had one massage with her but already bought a package for more.  Definitely one of the best massages I've ever had and can't wait for my next one.  I would recommend her to any athlete, or person for that matter!
5	Just finished first massage.  Judy was very knowledgable and professional.  Most importantly she got the job done!!  This is no fluffy new age massage.  The is a skilled professional!  I'll be back!
5	The minute Judy placed her feet on me (for an Ashiatsu session), I knew I was going to LOVE the modality and that I was going to get pain relief! This was my first experience with Ashiatsu and I highly recommend it! Judy is an exceptional therapist - perfect flow, pressure and timing on all her strokes. I could also feel her good intention throughout. She was definitely utilizing her advanced skills and applying them to the gift she was born with. The gift of touch!! As a massage therapist myself, I can truly appreciate what she offers to her clients. I already booked my next appointment with her and looking forward to it. I'm so glad I was able to find her in Google search...a gem to find! :)
