5	We always have Shutterbooth at our annual TennisBall awards banquet.It's the best photo deal because:1-You get cool photos immediately in your hand.2-You can take mutiple pictures, some funny and some normal3- It entertains the children 4- You have a momento or a party favor from the event5- Your logo can be placed on the strip for advertising purposesNeed I say more....Also Todd and his wife are hardworking, honest and very easy to do  business with. Every year it is a pleasurable experience. I would highly recommend Shutterbooth to anyone interested in quality photos for an event adding fun energy to the party.. It's totally worth it!
5	This Veteran's Day was my first time having Shutterbooth for my own event. They came to U.S.VETS' annual event honoring veterans and the military - a fundraiser for our homeless veteran programs. Their service was awesome and the photos were a huge hit! A great souvenir for our guests and brought lots of fun to the party. Many guests said the Shutterbooth was their favorite part of the whole night!Thank you also for staying a bit after the event so those of us who were busy working the event could have some fun afterwards too!I will definitely use you again and recommend you to others!!
4	I had my first experience with Shutter Booth of LV at last nights Yelp! Seats event. The employees were a delight to work with and also very patient as they waited for my friend Melissa and I to finish eating before we stepped into the booth. I really liked the whole wallet sized photo printout idea and the professionalism displayed by the employees was impeccable. :-)
5	I loved using ShutterBooth for my wedding! They were sooo helpful, engaging and polite. The booth led to many of my favorite memories! I highly recommend them!
5	Springs Preserve had Shutterbooth set up during the Ice Cream Festival and the family loved it!  They have some amusing props to add  excitement to the photos which we took advantage of.  Ian, who was manning the booth was SENSATIONAL and HOT!  He was patient with the crowds and kept the line flowing.   I'm excited that my sister booked Shutterbooth for her upcoming wedding...can't wait!!!!
5	They were so fun! They were at Yelp's nerdy Dancing at the Royal House. They were so fun, nice, and friendly. They let us take as much pictures as we wanted. They had a bunch of fun accessories or costumes to put on to make our pictures funnier! You have the option of getting it in color or black and white. We took the option of getting it in color! The gentleman was nice enough to even press the color button for us. THANK YOU SIR! YOU GUEST SERVICES WERE AWESOME! We used some gigantic summer shades and a viking hat for dramatic effect. The best part is, you can find your photos online at shutterbooth.com and then upload it to your facebook. THANKS AGAIN! That was super fun.
5	Love love love Shutterbooth of Las Vegas!!!  So if any of you brides are dealing with a mother like mine, it can be hard to get what you want in your wedding as opposed to what she thinks is "appropriate"... i.e. boring!!!  So when we went to the appointment at Shutterbooth she was all against it AND when we pulled up to this little office I saw her nose all up in the air.  But right when we walked in we were met by Dawn and she started to win my mother over.  She let us take sample pics in the both there and my mom saw how fun it could be.  Then Dawn told us about all the party favor options and ways we could have the pics and my scrapbook look and we were sold.  The service the entire time was great.  Any emails I sent were responded to quickly, even my mother constantly changing her mind about the font was handled with patience.  At the event they were fun and professional.  I didn't have to worry about them running out of supplies or not accommodating all 100 of my guests.  Everyone loved the favors and took multiple pics.  All-in-all we had a blast and I would TOTALLY use them again.  Good job Vegas team!!
5	I'm a photographer myself and kind of picky about presentation. I knew I wanted a photo booth at my wedding- but the ones I looked at initially seemed "tacky." Then I saw Shutterbooth. Shutterbooth gets outstanding ratings in every aspect of their services- it's definitely the best (and most fun). I used Shutterbooth for my wedding and everyone had a blast... the staff I dealt with was super friendly and there's no pressure- just great information. I would use these guys again in a heartbeat. Derek and Sarah ran our booth on our big day and they were super sweet and awesome! Love love love this company!!
5	You guys are the best.  Everybody had so much fun. We made a great decision. thanks again. Especially to TODD.
5	We hired Shutterbooth for our 5/6/11 wedding.  They were fantastic! From the beginning dealing with Todd (who was probably the most responsive wedding vendor I dealt with) to our host Dan, I couldn't be happier. Our guests absolutely loved it, and it's so much fun to still see the photo strips on peoples' fridges!  I would highly recommend Shutterbooth!
5	Shutter booth was the biggest hit at my Husband's surprise birthday party. We had a blast. The photo booth really broke people out of their shells. Todd and Joe are great!
5	We used Shutterbooth of Las Vegas for our wedding.  Todd came highly recommended by our venue.  We met him at our venue's open house a few months earlier and although I loved the idea of a photo booth, it was one of the those extra expenses that I wasn't sure we should add to our already expensive wedding.  I thought about how much fun our family and friends had with the photo booth at my brother's wedding and I went ahead and booked with Todd.Todd was responsive and professional throughout the entire process.  He let me used my own logo that I designed for other pieces of my stationery.  He was patient during my crazy busy period.  Our attendant (I believe it was Joe) was amazing with our guests.  He even entertained my friend's three year old son.  The online gallery was posted very quickly and within days of returning home, we received a DVD with all images and a very nice note from Todd.  I cannot think of one bad thing to say about Shutterbooth.
5	Professional, friendly and great quality photobooth pictures.  Joe was our event host and he was friendly to all our guests.  They were quick in sending a link of all the pictures and followed up with the cd too!
5	The whole team at ShutterBooth was nothing short of phenomenal. On very short notice, they were able to provide us with the perfect photo booth for our wedding at a price that fit perfectly in our budget. Our guests absolutely loved it - it was the perfect complement to our reception. I HIGHLY recommend ShutterBooth for any sort of event - A+ product, A+ customer service.
5	By far, the ShutterBooth staff was the easiest wedding vendor to work with! We experienced no hiccups with them at all and they made everything so personalized and worry-free. Dawn, Sara and Mark all assisted us pre-wedding with pricing, design of our photo strip and nailing down other details. They let us provide additional props for the wedding day and they made sure everything that was ours was returned to us properly. I was leaning towards going with a cheaper photo booth, one that was about $300, but I realized there's no point to having a run-down photo booth that was going to breakdown every few attempts. ShutterBooth was recommended to us by another amazing and reliable wedding vendor, Paper and Home and they also turned out to be a preferred vendor for our venue. ShutterBooth is a high-quality, customer-focused company and our guests were all very impressed. KC was our day-of photo booth attendant and he was so welcoming, friendly and informative. I believe he was relatively new to the company, but he was definitely trained well and handled things like a photo booth veteran! I'm honestly not a big fan of photo booths because I think the props can get a bit tacky, but the props they provide are on the higher-end of the prop spectrum and photograph well. Our photos were updated to their website very quickly and our guests had such a great time. Thanks again ShutterBooth!
5	I just had my wedding last year and decided to go with Shutterbooth. We had previously seen them and tried out their photo booth at a bridal show. They were great and very professional! Prior to the wedding, we had emailed back and forth about creating our logo, which turned out great.  Many guests at the wedding thought they were very nice and helpful. They made us a book with all the photo booth pictures and comments from our guests. The book turned out fantastic, and they even added some design and coloring to make the book look even better. Highly recommended!
5	From the beginning to the end, ShutterBooth of LV was phenomenal to work with.  They accommodated my wants and were so friendly and excited to be a part of my wedding.  I knew from the beginning of planning my wedding that I wanted a photobooth.  They went above and beyond.  I got a disk of my photos, a scrapbook and an online gallery.  Everyone had a blast and the props were perfect.  I was also planning my wedding from Texas so I had to have complete trust in them and I did.  They made me feel at ease the entire way and were so great during the wedding.  I would refer them to anyone.  Thanks so much for being a part of our wedding.. the pictures ARE AMAZING!
5	We wanted a photo booth at our wedding and were very tempted to get one off of Groupon. After meeting with Sutterbooth, we quickly changed our minds and decided to go with them. Dawn was very professional, honest, and energetic. We liked her so much when we met her at the initial meeting that we requested she be the one at our wedding. Shutterbooth sent many options for our personalized logo which is on the bottom of the photo strips. They listened to what we wanted mixing a few different pictures and colors to create the perfect logo. I liked the bookmark sleeves but was on a tight budget. So I called Shutterbooth and asked for the dimensions of the photo strip. Without hesitation, they gave them to me and offered to put the ribbon on the top of the bookmark if I wanted. On the day of our wedding, Shutterbooth arrived in the morning to set up the booth. They were very professional making my wedding guests feel welcome. In fact, a few people from my work were so impressed, they have been hired to be at a work event. Don't be fooled by the other photo booth places that Shutterbooth had to rescue for not showing up. Shutterbooth was great and if I need another photo booth, they are the ones I am calling.
5	Everyone at our wedding had so much fun in the photo booth! After guests take their pictures, they then glue a copy into a book right there and the guest get to sign by their photo. We had so much fun sitting down after the wedding and looking through the book. You also get sent a disc of everyone's photos, which was great because some people had lost their photo strip, and I was able to send them their photos via email. The booth was big and came with lots of fun props, and our host Maria was really nice and let our guests have a lot of fun. I would definitely recommend shutterbooth, we all had a blast and the photos are priceless!
5	There were plenty of options for cheaper photo booths in Vegas, but you get what you pay for. Todd and his crew did an amazing job!!! Todd met with me in person to try and understand my vision and he even made a really cool poster for me personalized with our names, wedding, date, colors, and he even let me send him icons of what I wanted printed on my pictures for my guests. I really loved it!! They made me this really cool keepsake Photo Booth photo album with pictures with notes that guests wrote and that is something that I looked at time and time again and laughed each time! I am happy that the person there (can't remember his name) asked guests to write a message and not just stick their pic on the page. I really enjoyed reading the messages my guests wrote. The pictures were hilarious!! The best memory was looking at my photo booth pictures and seeing the attendant in my pictures. That really made me crack up! I think it's great that he made my guests have fun and was not just standing around being boring. I have been to weddings where the Photo Booth is either unattended or the person is lifeless. I think it is important to have someone fun inviting guests in to the booth. My pics were great quality and I was very satisfied from beginning to end of the service I got. My only regret is not taking more pics with my hubby in the Photo Booth. I also want to say that I wanted mustaches for my props and at the time it was not popular, not like now where you can find them anywhere. I think it really says a lot that Todd went out of his way to search for props for me and he included them a the photo booth. I think that was excellent customer service and he did not have to do that. I can't say enough good things about Todd, Shutterbooth, and the experience me and my guests had on my wedding night. I would hire them again in a heartbeat!!Thank you Todd for everything and I appreciate you being so detailed with everything. It was perfect.Oh and I loved getting the CD in the mail with the pictures!! I loved seeing the more R rated ones, that really cracked me up!!
