1	When I moved in two years ago this complex was named Acacia Creek and they were owned by Equity Residential. I could not have been happier. The staff was great, they had affordable prices and they had a policy where they would have work order done by 48 hours. Then last year they sold to Alliance Residential and named the complex Mosaic. Mosaic has raised the prices, brought in rude staff and now takes forever to have a repair completed to your apartment! An example, I waited a week to have someone come out to change out a light bulb in my kitchen, only to come home and find the maintenance worker in my master bedroom. He said he was working on my toilet... which was absurd and when I told the office about it the women on the phone did not even apologize!!! "Who can do that!"
1	Unfortunately, I can not recommend this complex. My family of 4 moved here almost a year ago, and I am counting down the days until my lease is up. There are countless issues since we have lived here.1. Maintenance requests will take a while to fill. (Be warned) I had put in a request that my dishwasher was leaving a nasty residue, and I receive a call almost 2 weeks later asking me if I had run vinegar through the wash. (YES...I had, but thanks for asking 2 weeks later!) I had also put in a maintenance request because the knob would fall off of my dryer often. It fell off a total of 3 times, each time necessitating an order for repair. When they finally replaced the dryer, it was much older and now does not turn off on its own. 2. The water has been shut off 3 or more times. (often without warning) And, it's been off as long as an entire work day. Not to mention, I can never take a bath because the hot water runs cold in about 5 minutes. 3. My parking spot is a good walk from my actual unit. When Brent was working here, he assigned me a new spot right in front of my apartment around 8 months into my lease. I was very grateful, come to find out management has reassigned my spot to the apartment next door. Brent told me this would be my new permanent spot, and not a temporary solution. Brent doesn't work here anymore, so I guess they don't feel the need to stand behind the word of a previous employee.4. Several of the staff are rude and unprofessional. I had to go have my gate card reprogrammed, and the office worker treated me like a nuisance. A different time, my husband went into the office to grab a package. The worker asked him to wait 10 minutes, because it had been crazy busy. Are you serious? To pick up a package? Get your act together! Hire more staff if you're that overwhelmed. Not to mention, almost every time I step foot in the office, there is a disgruntled renter complaining and asking to speak to the manager.5. I live on the second floor, and I hear every foot step up and down the stairs. I have a sleeping baby, and the noise level from the stairs has been difficult to deal with. 6. My neighbors (downstairs and next door) both moved out around the same time. The units were renovated, and they woke up my sleeping baby almost every day for a couple weeks. So, be prepared for renovation above, below, and next door:)7. I went to change my air filter about a month ago (on my own, because I wasn't going to wait a week for it to be changed), and it looked as if it hadn't been changed in about 3 years. (we have lived here about 10 months) I've never seen such a gross air filter:/ 8. They are raising their prices significantly, and the customer service has gone way down. My extended family used to live here when it was Acacia Creek (under different management)...and had a good experience. My fellow renters have told me they are having similar issues.  I hope you have found this review helpful. It is very honest, but I would have appreciated having this information prior to move in.
1	Unfortunately, I can not recommend this complex. My family of 4 moved here almost a year ago, and I am counting down the days until my lease is up. There are countless issues since we have lived here.1. Maintenance requests will take a while to fill. (Be warned) I had put in a request that my dishwasher was leaving a nasty residue, and I receive a call almost 2 weeks later asking me if I had run vinegar through the wash. (YES...I had, but thanks for asking 2 weeks later!) I had also put in a maintenance request because the knob would fall off of my dryer often. It fell off a total of 3 times, each time necessitating an order for repair. When they finally replaced the dryer, it was much older and now does not turn off on its own. 2. The water has been shut off 3 or more times. (often without warning) And, it's been off as long as an entire work day. Not to mention, I can never take a bath because the hot water runs cold in about 5 minutes. 3. My parking spot is a good walk from my actual unit. When Brent was working here, he assigned me a new spot right in front of my apartment around 8 months into my lease. I was very grateful, come to find out management has reassigned my spot to the apartment next door. Brent told me this would be my new permanent spot, and not a temporary solution. Brent doesn't work here anymore, so I guess they don't feel the need to stand behind the word of a previous employee.4. Several of the staff are rude and unprofessional. I had to go have my gate card reprogrammed, and the office worker treated me like a nuisance. A different time, my husband went into the office to grab a package. The worker asked him to wait 10 minutes, because it had been crazy busy. Are you serious? To pick up a package? Get your act together! Hire more staff if you're that overwhelmed. Not to mention, almost every time I step foot in the office, there is a disgruntled renter complaining and asking to speak to the manager.5. I live on the second floor, and I hear every foot step up and down the stairs. I have a sleeping baby, and the noise level from the stairs has been difficult to deal with. 6. My neighbors (downstairs and next door) both moved out around the same time. The units were renovated, and they woke up my sleeping baby almost every day for a couple weeks. So, be prepared for renovation above, below, and next door:)7. I went to change my air filter about a month ago (on my own, because I wasn't going to wait a week for it to be changed), and it looked as if it hadn't been changed in about 3 years. (we have lived here about 10 months) I've never seen such a gross air filter:/ 8. They are raising their prices significantly, and the customer service has gone way down. My extended family used to live here when it was Acacia Creek (under different management)...and had a good experience. My fellow renters have told me they are having similar issues.  I hope you have found this review helpful. It is very honest, but I would have appreciated having this information prior to signing a year lease.
5	Moved in January. The office staff has been incredibly helpful and professional. All my maintenance requests were fulfilled expeditiously and to my satisfaction. I like that I can submit work-order requests online at their Mosaic's website. It also allows me to follow the status of my requests. The maintenance guys are very friendly and always wave to me when I come and go from the complex. The renovations have been progressing nicely and the property managers and contractors have done a good job to keep the inconveniences to a minimum. Our building just got repainted giving it a refreshed modern look. The updates to the pool area make it look crisp and hotel-style and apparently they're not even finished because there is going to be new patio furniture and pool decking as well as has grill. I can't wait for the on-demand fitness at the new workout center...I can finally cancel my gym membership. All in all, pretty impressed with this place. They've done a nice job of turning it around.
