5	Small, mom-and-pop specialty store specializing in alternative healing, metaphysical phenomenon, spirituality, etc.  They have readers there every weekday, I believe. Super friendly, helpful, gave me a 10% discount off my big stack of books just cuz I asked for it!  Got a reading with Lori - top rate.  They have events and groups for various things - psychic group readings, drumming circles, reiki - will definitely go back.  Watch out - the books might pick you as much as you pick them.  One book I was considering and then decided not to buy kept throwing itself off the shelf whenever I walked away, no matter how cautiously I put the damn thing back.  Srsly.  Okay, so I own it now.  How can you not respond if you're the kind of person to walk into a metaphysical books store to begin with?   ;)
2	Good energy in this space, but too bad about how expensive all of the classes and services are. There is a decent amount of cd's, books, and candles, but not much else. I saw a few books I have sold myself, and was shocked at the mark up. Not to mention the prices to attend a group reading or other event they had scheduled...I felt like I was being pressured to get a reading when I started asking about different psychics, etc... My friend and I didn't really feel too comfortable after that, so we left and have never been back since. I understand trying to run a business to make money, but don't shove your services down people's throats.
5	I found this place on Yelp looking for a metaphysical book store. They have a wonderful selection of books and cards. Prices are pretty standard depending on what you are buying. I also had a reading done the second time I went in. I cant seem to recall her name but she did a very good job. I was having some serious anxiety about having my first reading done and then also more anxiety about the things going on in my life. She took my hand and reassured me that no matter what the cards say its ok, she really made me feel at ease. I will be returning for many things from tarot to readings and crystals.
1	Not worth it! The employee behind the counter was more concerned about being able to leave a few minutes early than helping customers find what they needed. She was already irritated due to candle shipment that she had to handle all on her own. We inquired about specific products and they did not carry anything they claimed to carry. They have a very minimal selection, your pretty much wasting your time and gas going. Fantasia, Northern Winds and several others offer much more for better prices and customer service.
