5	I've only had the Pad Thai so far, but it was excellent. They apparently have a Thai chef, so most the dishes have a Southeast Asian flair--which I love.I've heard that the Korean burritos are also excellent--fresh ingredients, tasty sauce.The owner is wonderful and very eager to please the customers.
4	I was a bit trepidatious going in; in a neighborhood with Chinese, Korean, and Japanese food, I was wary of a place that labeled itself "Asian-style". I almost just opted to go to Green Pepper next door. I'm very glad that I didn't, though. True, the Korean-Mexican burrito I had wasn't exactly "authentic," but it was damn delicious. It could have used more meat, I thought, but I enjoyed the novelty of a kimchi-stuffed wrap. Check it out. The service is great.
3	I really really wanted to like this place.  The MexiCoreanos - or Korean tacos and burritos sounded so interesting and unique.  However it fell flat for me.  I did like them, but it wasn't amazing.  It was an OK burrito that definitely didn't live up to the description on the menu.  DH got a more traditional chicken dish with rice, that was also very bland.  If you want to compete in Squirrel Hill as an Asian eatery, you better bring your A game.  I'm pretty sure this place won't be around for very much longer.
5	I have to say, that this place is a breath of fresh air for me.  I am a huge fan of the Asian "fusion" menu.  I have been there 6 times now, and I have not been disappointed.  The Fire Beef Burrito is full of spice and flavor with a nice balance of vegatables(Ask for avocado for that extra special touch).I do have to say that my favorite dish is the Chicken Ramen or "College" Ramen on the menu.  The owner said that he used to make this recipe in college and has refined it since then, but the flavors and spices are amazing.  The broth is rich and bold with a nice kick to it.  The stock is made from scratch which makes a huge difference. The Pad Thai is also an outstanding choice.  The Wonton Soup is probably the best I have had in Pittsburgh.I was pleasantly surprised to also learn that Aseoma serves Pho and it was quite good.Overall, I love the variety and originality that this place offers.  If someone is simply looking for General Tso Chicken with steamed rice, than this place is probably not for you.  But, if you are a fan of "outside the box" Asian cooking, then make sure to stop in.
5	When we walked in on a Friday evening, there was only ONE table of diners but I had read the review previous to going so we said, we'll stay and try it. We ordered two appetizers and two entrees and it was legitimately the best Asian food I've had in Pittsburgh. (I also really enjoy Bangkok Balcony.) The food was flavorful and had a home-cooked taste to it. Naturally because there were only two tables, the service, which I assumed was provided by the owner was excellent. I'm really perplexed though because when we left, there were NO other diners in the restaurant, and it's such a great place to eat . I'll definitely be returning and I hope this little restaurant will be able to survive!
5	This place is great!  I love the pad thai, the shrimp sour soup and the Korean pork tacos.  I'm sure the rest of the menu is great too, but I haven't had a chance to try it yet.  The prices are great too, you get 2 meals worth of food for about $10 an entree.  And it's BYOB which is always a bonus.  Service has been good and fast, which makes this a perfect place to come on a weeknight when I'm not up for cooking.  This is my favorite new place on Murray!
4	Good food but slow service. The Curry Noodle was fantastic!
4	Aseoma has fast become one of my favorite places to eat on Murray.  Their menu is both extensive and interesting, and everything I've ordered so far has been very good.  Prices are quite reasonable, portions are large and food quality is high, with lots of fresh meats and vegetables.Some of my favorites are:--The black bean noodles (their version of zhajiangmian) with wonderfully chewy wheat noodles and a nice, thick black bean sauce which is not overly salty (as some zhajiangmian can be).  --I agree with other reviewers that their Pad Thai is the best in town, with thin-sliced chicken (thinner than you're thinking), shrimp, a hint of shallots and a tasty sliced green vegetable (not quite sure what it was, but it was good!).  The addition of a bit of vegetables to the Pad Thai is not typical, but brilliant -- it provides the dish with wonderful balance to it's typical sweet-tangy sauce.  --Their Korean-fusion burritos are pretty cool as well, and are perfect for when you're not as hungry.  Having bulgogi-style beef in a taco is, quite simply, awesome, and it's balanced well with rice, fruit and slightly spicy sauce.
4	Unique choices of dishes! Calming, quiet atmosphere at lunch time. We enjoyed the Coconut Soup, which had a slight spicy-ness to it. Also, the springrolls were great - wished there was more than 4 pieces to the order. I had the orange - pineapple chicken and it was very good with thinly cut slices of chicken and veggies. A little heavy on the sauce. My companion had a very spicy tofu dish that was marked spicy and it lived up to its description. A wonderful dining experience.
4	The atmosphere was very quiet, it was nasty out so we were looking for some nice soup. We shared the coconut soup which was delicious but very rich, not sure if I could have had a whole bowl alone. The tod mun was fantastic. It had great flavor and an equally stellar dipping sauce. The mason pork sliders were served with a basic Kim Chi cucumber in it. My wife was not a fan of that (she doesn't like Kim Chi), I thought they were very good, and added a refreshing taste to them.Our entrees were the red curry and the king's pho. The curry was very fresh with lots of veggies in it, leaving me with a very satisfying but not 'heavy' feel.The Pho... where to begin?My wife and I are Pho lovers, and I like to think our standards for the dish are very high. Few places have gotten such high marks for their Pho as Aseoma did that night. We spoke with the owner, and apparently the recipe comes from a friend of his - now in dental school - who used to run a Pho shop in another town.  To finish off the night we sampled the key lime ice box pie. The pie filling was  very tasty, but the crust was the star. It tasted similar to ginger snaps, and I enjoyed it greatly.
4	I am not giving a five until I return, but I will be returning and soon!Had a restaurant.com coupon that I had bought on a whim close to five months ago, but had not used.Last night went in and tried many delicious menu items.Tod Mun Cakes: delicious and came with this sweet and sour vinegary sauce (possibly nouc cham?) that was delicious. Mason Pork sliders: I was not a fan, but my husband really liked them.  I liked the cheapo french fries that came on the side.Coconut Soup: delicious and rich.  I thought at first that it would be too much, but I continually found myself going back for more.  A must order in my opinion for anyone who likes tom kha soup.Red Curry: least favorite dish of the night.  It wasn't bad, I just prefer my curry on the more soupy side and felt like the flavors of the vegetables and the curry didn't meld for long enough. Pho: amazing!  I was so happy to drink this up that even though I had already had a bowl of soup I finished half of this.  The broth was delicious and the beef was perfectly rare on top.  I prefer when my pho is served with bean sprouts, basil, and lime on the side to customize it, but I found it to be delicious even without it!Overall I liked more than half of what we ordered and can't wait to return to try more, though it will be difficult to steer me away from the pho!
3	Everything was OK here.  Here's what our party of 4 had:- beef dumplings pan fried - at almost $10, it did not impress- fire meat sliders - OK- egg drop soup - made to order, very good- fire meat tacos - OK, same main ingredients as the sliders- chicken tacos - also OK- pork tacos - again, OKAfter a while, everything tastes the same.  I was excited to try the Asian fusion concept, but got burned out on the almost identical favors just repackaged.  I may have ordered wrong but if that was the case - perhaps a warning would have been in order to let us know we were basically ordering the same stuff?If I get back here, I might try the more traditional offerings.  I was just a bit bummed as I have been looking forward to this place for months since seeing their write up in Pittsburgh City Paper.
3	The coconut soup is too sweet. Pho was good but it needed heat. It was really stuffy in here. They need a-c or to open the doors. I was sweating when I left . (that's the food, partly, of course.)  I will have to make another trip to try other dishes but don't think i'll be in a hurry to do that.
4	Aseoma's kitchen pays serious attention to ingredients, flavors and techniques.  It is fusion food at it's best with a freshness and complexity lacking in many Asian restaurants in Pittsburgh.  Sauces and broths are made in-house and vary across the menu.  With everything made to order there can be a bit of wait but it is worth it.  Do ask about heat and amount, for instance, of certain ingredients like fish sauce if you have any concerns about strong flavors. There is a willingness to please and dishes can be adjusted to taste.  Like any restaurant there are  few disappointments but not many and there are more than enough splendid dishes to keep you  going back again and again.  I take out-of- town visitors and they are always impressed.  In short, Aseoma tops my list for thoughtful, interesting food in a relaxed setting.
5	I've been using yelp for a few years, but haven't felt the need to review anything until now. Like other people have said, both times I have been to this place I have been the only person there. I'm worried this place may go quietly unnoticed, lost among the other great asian food options in Squirrel Hill.Korean BBQ and Mexican is a great asian fusion concept.  The fire burrito in my opinion beats anything you could get at a place like Mad Mex. It is nicely spicy, with complex flavors and a nice kimchi crunch at the end. Like another reviewer mentioned, adding avocado to it is a nice touch. The spring rolls and black bean noodles were also great, but I think the fusion options are much more memorable (although I will probably get the spring rolls again).  Anyway, if this place goes out of business due to lack of publicity that will be a  shame. I love the concept and execution, and the owner seems pretty nice to boot.
5	I lived in Squirrel Hill for months before even noticing Aseoma was there. My wife and I went one late night less than an hour before they closed, but they still gladly seated us and were very friendly. We were the only customers in the restaurant, but they did not rush us.We did not try any of their fusion foods, but I probably will on subsequent visits. We were both highly impressed by both the quality and presentation of the food. Even though it was late the food was still fresh. They are vegetarian friendly and gladly substituted tofu for chicken in my wife's lo mein. They also warned us when we asked for the spicy tofu soup that it was made with chicken stock which is something many restaurants will not do (and/or do not even know.) Overall, I hope that more people will notice Aseoma and take advantage of their great food!
5	I've been here twice for dinner and both times have been excellent. Definitely try the short rib wok. We'll be back again soon.
4	Had a couple friend's from California visiting me and we decided to stay in and order delivery since they had to catch an early flight the next morning. We stumbled upon Aseoma on eat24 and we were impressed by their diverse menu! If you're craving affordable asian food, aseoma is definitely the way to go.We were apprehensive at first because of the large menu but decided to take the chance, we had the pad thai, coconut vermicelli and the far east curry bop and all were excellent. Being Asian and from California (where asian food is actually good) this place makes the cut for me. The pad thai was on point, the coconut vermicelli was delicious - vermicelli noodles in a creamy coconut milk sauce (yum) and the curry wasn't too oily. And the cherry on top is that they deliver! Definitely going to be ordering more frequently in the future, there is so much on their menu that I want to try!
4	Food is very good and unlike anything else in pittsburgh.  My buddy from cali who is korean said this place reminds him of some of the eateries in Koreatown in LA.  Owner is originally from Pittsburgh but wanted to open a place similar to those he dined at in LA.  He is a super nice guy which makes eating here doubly enjoyable.  The tacos are fantastic.  Prices are very reasonable
