3	monday evening in edinburgh. they were open and serving 'til well past midnight in a pleasant environment right on the royal mile. open, serving and semi-full on a monday? a-ok.
3	Bar set right on Royal Mile in Edinburgh.Bar was quiet when we went in for a drink but were served straight away , good choice of beers etc and food was also good value although not oustanding quality. Cheap deals for students and has live sport on all day but gets very busy when big games on.
3	Located on the touristy (and often over priced ) Royal Mile I was surprised by how affordable the drinks were at this place.(and despite the name-pun as well!Sorry couldn't help it!) We obviously had come an perhaps the wrong night as there was a stag and hen party going on at the same time. Watching middle aged women in very tight polyester tube dressers seductively (aka as drunkenly) pursue the middle aged men who swaggered with a I'm-Daniel-Craigs-sexier-brother attitude , provided plenty of entertainment for us. But despite its surprisingly clean and well decorated interior nothing else made it stand out as a bar. It's central and affordable and won't break the bank. (Sorry!)
3	In the past, I have avoided bars on the Royal Mile like the plauge - I really dislike places that are so geared to tourism that they forget about the locals. The Bank Hotel was one of them.However, I was recently here as part of a group of friends, and I have to say, sitting outside the Bank Hotel on a sunny day was rather pleasent, even with the huge amounts of tourists and traffic roaring past.Inside is quite nice, it is classy and smart, a mixture of wood and polished metals with tables and areas to sit split across two floors. The bar isnt huge, nor are the seating areas - but its always crowded in here, so the feeling of claustrphobia is quite intense. Overall, this is a nice place, but its amount of customers and small size really dont do it any favours.
4	Looking significantly bigger from outside than what it actually is, the cramped exterior of The Bank isn't really a problem during summer as you'll likely want to sit outside anyway. As far as pubs in this part of town go, it's fairly standard, and a bit less overtly Scottish than most nearby.Bearing in mind it's right on tourist central, and near enough to the Grassmarket to attract sex-starved hen parties, don't expect to be rubbing shoulders with Edinburgh's big hitters. Nevertheless, it's great for people watching and pretty inexpensive.
4	There's actually rooms above the bar!  Plus side - very central as noted by others, big clean rooms with two beds (a large kingsize and a smaller twin), big clean bathroom.  Minus side - no elevators and they are pricey.  You have to schlep your stuff up some steep stairs to your room.  We ate at the bar and recommend not doing that.  Drinks are great and reasonable but they need to stop serving tartar sauce out of plastic packets with fish and chips.
3	Now that we're in daylight savings, summer is approaching and the weather here in Edinburgh is...well, tolerable at best, it's nice here sitting out on the patio.The bar itself is relatively charmless, although the labyrinth you go down to get to the bathroom reminds me of being backstage on some kind of set.Oh, funny moment. A man who was, let's say, "challenged" who I'd seen lurking in Edinburgh's pubs that week turned up on a Friday night. I see him walk over to a regular cupboard which looked to have some fire equipment in it, reach in, and pull out a box of cornflakes, and then proceed to eat them standing directly in front of the band which was playing. For once, he was the only man in the room who didn't look confused.
4	Its dingey, its a bit dark, the overall decor isnt great but I like it.Was there last night with some friends and there was some live music, man and his guitar doing some modern rock classics! MAde for a great evening!Well stocked bar, nice staff and quite good for hanging out!
4	Started a pub crawl here, it was pretty nice and right on the main street. The set up inside the bar is nice, seats along the wall while the bar is in a U shape in the middle. Outdoor seats which are nice when/if the wind stops.
3	Slap-bang in the centre of the Royal Mile, on the Bridges, with two doors wide open to welcome in passing punters is the Bank Hotel. I must have walked passed it countless times and never clocked it.When Emily V told me a friend of hers with the most amazing vocal skills was playing some live music at the Bank Hotel, I didn't know what to expect. Turns out it's like many other traditional, slightly weathered traditional Scottish hotel bars I've been in. With the exception that due to its location and the time of night it attracts an interesting mix of clientelle.For what it's worth, the music *was* good although it's not exactly a great 'stage' for any live performer - directly under the tv screen in the corner showing rugby. I felt sorry for the guy at points.As Jurgen said, it is dingey and dark and overall it's not got much in the way of decor. But it's warm and wasn't dirty, if that's anything.I definitely wouldn't come back here 'just for a drink' unless there were other live music worth checking out or a group of friends were convening here. But I can't envisage that either. It's not awful, I think its central location stops it being dodgy. But if it were to be exactly imitated in a less-busy part of town it's the sort of place that would make me a bit worrisome about going in alone.For what it is - a traditional public house part of a hotel - it's absolutely a-ok.
4	My stay at the Bank Hotel was flawed in only one real way...it was too short!  Next time I'm in Edinburgh...I'm there for a week not just a couple of days!!!The rooms are quirky and comfortable and the staff is helpful to the Nth degree!  The hotel is centrally located...literally...you are right in the middle of the Royal Mile!  The train station is but a few blocks away (albeit a few blocks UPHILL on the way to the hotel...be ready!) so you don't need a taxi or anything.  When I was there, someone had stolen the modem so there was no WiFi, but there is a very nice Starbucks just a few steps away.  Nothing major and actually it was nice to unplug for a few days.Now...one thing to know about Edinburgh...it seems that people like to drink there!  My last night I was um...serenaded by a herd of singing Germans for several hours.  I was just about ready to open the window and shout "OI!  Shut it!!" but they moved on just in time (which was good because I did NOT want to get out of bed!).  I'd have been ok with a bit of it, but until 4 am was pushing it in my book!But, I expected some noise...the rooms are above the bar and it is Scotland, so while it was annoying it wasn't horrible.  The rest of the hotel experience made up for it!I also had a burger in the bar...and the breakfast as well...very nice food and seemed like a nice pub to hang out in.  When I move to Edinburgh someday...I'll probably be a semi-regular there!
3	Crowded bar on the Royal Mile has a decent atmosphere and often has live music.  The back nook behind the bar is a cozy spot where you are able to have a conversation with friends.
5	This is one of the nicest boutique hotels I've ever stayed in, and not too pricey. The rooms are beautiful and unique - lots of dark wood, deep reds and greens, and artifacts related to the famous Scotsman the room is named after. I stayed in the Alexander Graham Bell room, which had antique phones, and antique switchboard, and a large mirror etched with a quote by the man himself. The bathroom in my room was amazing. Far larger and more modern that what I expected based on what I'd heard about European hotels. The shower was large, had plenty of hot water and good water pressure. For some reason the shower curtain didn't extend all the way around the tub, which was weird - but aside from that it was great.The bar/restaurant downstairs was nice. I usually had breakfast there (which was excellent) but otherwise didn't spend much time there. It seems like most of the other reviews are just for the bar, so you can learn more there. I did have dinner there on my last night, and while the food was good the service was slow. The bar was crowded and it seems like they may have been a bit overwhelmed.The overall service at the hotel was great. We were exhausted from our overnight flight and overwhelmed by being in a foreign country when we first arrived, and they took great care of us. When I realized I'd forgotten my jacket in the States, they recommended some places I could go to buy one. The staff were always friendly and always helpful. The location of the hotel can't be beat. It's right in the middle of High Street/Royal Mile. Niddry Street, where some of my favorite bars are, runs right along side it. You have a short jaunt down the hill to the Cowgate if that's your thing, or a bit longer walk in the other direction to Waverly Station and then on to the fancier shopping areas. Personally, I can't abide "shopping" as a vacation activity, so I'll stick with drinking.The only downsides to this hotel were the stairs and the keys. There was no elevator, so every time I wanted to go to my room I had to climb several flights of stairs. This makes you *really* reconsider running upstairs to grab your jacket or charge your phone. The rooms have old fashioned keys which means that to lock your door at night you're essentially locking yourself in the room. This is an insane fire hazard. What's worse, each room only has one key. So either my wife or I could carry the key, but if we wanted to split up or if one person wanted to stay in the room while the other went out we were screwed.
2	This is a convenient place to meet up with people. I have been here several times and one thing I can vouch for is the slow service. I don't like the atmosphere and it feels a little derelict - open wires, holes in the wall. The toilet looks unfinished and cleaning materials are out for all to see (but are they used?) I like their outside space though, "people watching" from here with a pint in hand and cigarette in another is great! Apart from meeting here to somewhere else I cannot recommend an evening out here.
4	From the traditional appearance on the outside of this hotel one may not expect the very modern interior of the bedrooms. Further renovations were going on at the time of my stay which meant no restaurant and a makeshift front desk (the only reason I am giving them 4 stars rather than 5). The location of the hotel is prime- right in the heart of Edinburgh and within walking distance of all the sights. I loved my bedroom with the wood floor, big screen television, very comfortable bed, in-room safe, digital temperature control, and very cool shower. The woman working the front desk was exceptionally helpful and provided excellent customer service. Other than the lack of facilities due to the construction that was going on the only possible drawback for me was the noise level outside coming from local students as they enjoyed the nearby bars/nightclubs during the wee hours of the night. I will definitely stay here again on any future trips to Edinburgh!
