4	i love buffalo wings from this place. i like it extra crispy and light on the sauce, which is perfect!!!the service is great and quick with the check.tuesdays are even better because it's wing day!! meaning it's 35cent a wing (i think)
3	This is the first pizza place I went to the day we moved into town.  It was decent.  Their wings are great!  The garlic bread with cheese is huge and delicious.  Drink are just fine.  Overall, seems like a solid place to go watch a game or have a beer and pizza.. or wings!
3	I usually hit this place with a friend of mine who is a wing fanatic.  I hear good things about the wings, but I usually order something else.  The dining room can get pretty packed and loud, but I've never had to wait more than five minutes.  Some of the bench seats in the dining room area are a bit broken down and or/crooked, which can make yer back or buttocks hurt after sitting for a while.  No drink deals worthy of mention that I am aware of, but I usually stick to draft beer.  All in all a pretty decent joint.
5	$0.35 cent wing Tuesdays... Good wings and a killer price... Can't go wrong with that!
2	We used to frequrent the Native off Guadalupe and Dobson before we moved to this side of town, we loved the food there and the servers. However we have gone to this location a half dozen times and the last 3 times we were very unsatisfied with the service and the warmth (lack of) of the wings.The last time we went we had brought our 3 month old (first wing and beer outing in how long??) After we were completely done and the server received her tip she told us that we could not have our baby in the bar. Really if that was your policy it would have been better to know at the onset.
5	Good food all around.  Had a bunch of different things there but you can't beat the wings!
2	I was told the wings here were good and I should check it out since it was close to my hotel.  Admittedly, the wings were good and the beer was cold but the bar smelled like someone yacked in the corner and no one cleaned it up.I grabbed a seat at the bar, the bartender was fine (Cory?) and did her job well.  I would go back for wings but someone need an air freshener in there.
4	Fast service, great wings, and homemade potato chips, when I'm going off the diet this is where I head.Go on a Tue or Thur they have .29 wing nights and not those sissy boneless wings, the real wings, the yummy suck on the bone kind!
1	I met up with some buddies here and the service was non-existent , it took the server 20 minutes from the time I took a seat to get my drink order another 15 minutes to take my food order. I think it took her this long because she was chatting away with other employees and ignoring my friends and I. After eating the chard wings we waited 45 minutes for the check I got fed up and it took the manager to give us a refill on our drinks. We were there for 2.5 hours most of the time was waiting for the server to get our orders and to give us the check. Horrible service horrible food , I suggest you go elsewhere I will never eat here again .
1	Possibly the worst pizza and wings I have ever had! Ok, listen, I know Iarrived about 5 min before they closed their kitchen but I called about 15 min earlier and phoned my order for pickup. This still doesn't excuse them for selling crap. The pizza was super thin with virtually no sauce or crust. I know NY pizza is kinda supposed to be thin but "common man"! Even the ingredients were terrible. Low quality bread cheese n pepperoni. I really honestly feel that a Tony's frozen pizza from the super market would have been better. The wings were overcooked, sauceless and very very salty. The only reason I did not take this stuff back is because they were about 4 miles away and my brother n I were very hungry. I come from Los Angeles and I have only been in AZ for a little over 1 month but so far my experience with pizza hasn't been great. This place should be ashamed to serve the crap they do. I never even write reviews good or bad but they got me to actually write one. I would have rated negative stars if I could... SMFH!! I will neva, eva, evaevaevaevaevaevaevaeva.... come here again! Go to Oregano's instead. It's like night and day even though you have to wait forever, it's well worth it.
4	Buffalo wings are on of my main food groups. One of the reasons I miss living in Arizona, that's right not somewhere in the N East that get's cold, but AZ. Wing are perfect each time, right amount of spice, heat and sauce. Being spoiled by NNY has ruined me for life. I can't seem to find a close second to this, and man have I tried. Love the other food btw, and the service has always been good everytime I go. NNY is my excuse to visit my relatives in AZ.
3	I like this place.Good food and people.But watch out for the lettuce. Whether it is a garnish or a part of an assembled sandwich, the lettuce is always sad, brown, and looks like the bad part of Steve Buscemi's teeth.
3	Another stop in AZ that we had no choice in making. The place looks super sketchy, dirty and really run down. However, my fish 'n chips were really good. I didn't think the pizza was very good but the fish was a good size portion and really tasty at that. This is a good place to pre-party for a fun night out. The drinks were strong and tasty.
4	Good bar, and great wings!!! Tuesday and Thursday .39 cent wing nights. I stop in one of their locations every time I am in town.
4	Love the wings! Our favs are Asian Garlic and Strawberry Hot. Service has always been great and food comes out quick. Best day to go is Thursday it Wing Night.
1	Perhaps the worst calzone ever put together by a restaurant. The thing looked nothing like a calzone on my plate - there were large slits in the dough (which didn't help) because most of the fillings inside were undercooked. Those fillings were raw veggies and partially cooked pepperoni. The mozzarella was semi-melted, but the ricotta lay limp at the bottom of the doughy mess. There also was alot of green spices on the outside of the calzone and that usually indicates a place that doesn't know how to make this dish. Hey, they make a mean one in New York, so it was worth a try. Beer specials were pretty decent for the game with $3 bottles and large Coors Lights, but food was inedible and I was reduced to picking through calzone and most parts were unsalvageable. Got caught up in a new football friend and beer or else this would have been returned. LOts of TV's, but way too many 49er fans for a NY bar. Place was packed, but my guess is even on a slow night the calzone would still rank right at the bottom of the pile.
1	So gross. So, so gross. I wasn't expecting fine dining, but seriously?! There's nothing "New York" about this shit hole, unless you count the dirty prints on the wall.Don't waste you're time or your money.
2	Awful wings,  filthy tables. Good luck getting drink refills... and on a Monday night,  hate to be here on a busy night
1	This is another one of those restaurants where I just dont understand why it always seems so busy, judging by the packed parking lot.  Have eaten there several times since I live across the street.  Pizza tastes like frozen...burgers are nothing special.  The waitress asked me if their mushroom burger was as good as Red Robins and I couldnt help but laugh.  It couldnt hold a candle to yummy Red Robin.  And the big meal size salad I ordered once looked exactly like something I would make at home.  Will never eat there again.  Overpriced mediocre food.....
4	Salad and wing night!!I had a renewed enjoyment of Native New Yorker at this location.   Enjoyed a huge Cobb Salad and wings. Unlike some other locations I have visited, the winds were not drenched in sauce.  Came out hot and were a perfect match to my salad. Read other reviews about the location. I would agree that it is not a shiny new location. The tables did have a stickiness to them that was not pleasant. But I think it as the surface of the table and not a cleanliness issue. Waiter was attentive. Kept my drink filled. The food was exactly what I was looking for at that moment.
2	VISITTuesday dinner service, main dining roomFOODOn par with other NNY locations. Not great, but not bad. Although, my 7yo made a point to compliment the server on how much she liked the pretzel rolls on her sliders.SERVICEFriendly, but PAINFULLY slow. We sat for about 15 minutes before anybody greeted us or took our drink order. I felt abandoned many times. I had to sit there and stare at my salad (once I finally got it) for a while before they brought silverware. It took about 20 minutes between the time I said we were done and the time I got the bill, after reminding her once in-between. What should have been a 1 hour visit, easily turned into 2.DECORIn a word: depressing. I felt like I was sitting in my great grandmother's barn. It's just one, big, drab, loud, bright, dingy room. There were a couple pictures of New York on the wall, and some TVs. Otherwise, we might as well have been sitting in an elementary school cafeteria.I will probably never go again -- not with the number of other great choices in the area.
1	In order to have - as their jingle claims - MORE than just great wings, don't you first need to HAVE great wings? Absolutely awful food, terrible service, and a gross dirty restaurant. And keeping an eye on me, my wife, and my two little girls to make sure we're not watching some stupid MMA thing, otherwise you'll be back to collect your cover charge??? Man, eff all that nonsense. Never again. Ever.
1	I have never understood the appeal of this place.  The one across from us at Dobson/Guadalupe is always packed and it is awful.  Have been there to eat 3 times.  The burgers are MEH..Red Robin is a million times better, the pizza tastes like frozen and the salads look like something I can make at home..and everything is overpriced.  It is also dirty and the service can be very slow.  Not wasting my time/money there ever again.  Too many other good choices around town.
1	Came on a Thursday and apparently there was karaoke going on so decided to stay I guess and the karaoke host sucked she just sits there and is on her phone the whole time texting and goes out side every time someone sings and can barely hear the person singing,the Person that was singing said turn mic up and even people started to complain too that the mic was too low, but then when the host sings , she goes and blast the music and makes sure EVERYONE can hear her, then after she was done singing no one clapped for her and she was like ''ummm. you know it is nice to clap for someone who just sang'' all snooty and rude... and im thinking no wonder this place is dead because shes rude and doesn't pay attention to people and there needs. All I know is that im never going there again on a karaoke night just because of her... she doesn't even play dancing music to get people pumped up and make them wanna come back. I'm 40 Years old and I can do a way better job there than that rude karaoke host.
4	Good food, and service. Looks like they are going to do some remodeling soon.
4	Came here for a late lunch today and must say we had a pleasant dining experience here. Staff was very friendly knowledgable of specials and drinks to try. Our food came out in a timely manner, didn't wait long. Our appetizers came BEFORE the meal which is great since some places bring em out at the same time as the main course which defeats the purpose of ordering appetizers in the first place. The restaurant was clean and our glasses were never empty and we didn't have to ask for them to come by when we needed something she came by frequently to check on us. This will be our go to Native New Yorker from now on and so close to the house! Very happy with checked this location out!
5	Haven't been to this location, but was happily impressed. Newly redone inside from what my friend told me. Pizza is great as always - love the buttery crust. Wings are consistently among the top 3 on my list of good wings like in Arizona. Service was good, we got there early in happy hour so it wasn't too busy yet. Beer was good enough I had two tall ones - good selection on tap too :-)
1	I love Native New Yorker, however having just left the Gilbert Rd location, I will never go to another location and will tell all my friends that this location actually let's children in the bar. Not to drink , but isn't that the point of going into the bar is to be away from kids?  There are over 7 family's here now with their kids age ranging from 3 months to 12. This is so not acceptable. I vow to make sure this gets changed !
5	I LOVE Native New Yorker but this location just outshines all others. Workers are very attentive and helpful. Very little waiting, if any. Food is so yummy. Even though it's the same menu as all other stores, no one does the Honey Hot wings like this location. Always great service.
1	Terrible all around. I love native New Yorker. I figured they were all the same. Boy was I wrong. We came to watch the World Cup and eat some wings/drink a few drinks. After arriving we were not super hungry yet, and with it being 110 degrees outside all we wanted was water. We sat down ordered a couple waters for the time being and planned to order food/drinks after cooling down a bit.  Instantly the waitress asked for both ID's (which I could understand since we were in the bar area) and then immediately said she needed a debit card. I asked why, considering we had only ordered water, and her reply was that she needed it cause people run out on their tab consistently and that they were understaffed so they wouldn't be able to watch us well. The main problem I had with this is that we hadn't even ordered anything yet! It made us feel very alienated and like criminals for just sitting down. I have never been treated this way in a restaurant. Needless to say I will never return to this location. Management needs to understand this is not how you treat customers. The location I usually go to we typically spend around $100 between 3 or 4 ppl during World Cup games and we always make it a point to overtip the wait staff. I ordered one beer here and that's it. I probably would have ordered more but the waitress seemed to be ignoring us probably for the fact that we originally ordered just water and she assumed we weren't going to order anything else. Again, I love Native New Yorker, but this place needs to get there stuff together. Hire more staff rather than making customers feel like criminals!
1	Oh my god!! This place is gross! Floors dirty 4 or 5 tables not bussed bathroom stalls had no toilet covers there was toilet paper wads on floor and when she finally decides to seat us she really thought sitting us next to one of the dirty tables!! I am shocked and disgusted! We left cuz ain't no way in hell I'm eating at that dump!!
3	The wings are the best of all I've had. Gets rather noisy when kids are, but there is also a bar area where they don't usually go. All in all I like the place. Menu keeps improving.
1	I went here tonight with my kids, sister and her boyfriend only because Zipps was packed. Right off the bat you can tell this is not a new Native or a very nice one but we wanted to eat. First noticeable thing was the smell. I am actually not sure how to explain it but it sort of smelled like cat urine when you walked in the front door. The entrance is not very welcoming at all, and sort of leads you down a hallway where they seat you. We were seated at a stand alone table, preffered a booth but you can't always get what you want. It was just a wide open room with tables, a bunch of TV's. Waitress came out and took order. It became obvious this was not a traditional Native Ny'er but was previously called something else and was in the process of being changed over. I think they were struggling with an identity crisis as this place is simply not up to par with most natives we have been too ( like the one on Gilbert and Germann) and even the one in Dobson Ranch is nicer than this one. We ordered wings for the kids and us adults all got fish n chips. wings came out and could not believe how small they were. I will call them micro wings. Service was slow. The Fish and Chips actually took 20 or 25 minutes. I expressed a bit of concern with the server on how long food was taking. It was finally delivered. Fries were a little soggy but fish good. They took a whopping 10% off the order for the delay. This location has a long way to go before I will eat here again.. With so many other Natives and sports bars close by no reason to come to this one.
2	Subpar in all aspects.. poor customer service. No helpfulness or smiles from our waitress...wings were goid. But all tge otger food is bland..run down location with ripped seats in the booths and no speakers or misters outside.
2	Ugg hortible service. Not helpful or smiley. Food was subpar. Flimsy lettuce and bland. Patio has no speakers or misters...but hey they have heaters..what the heck?
5	I adore this Native! The food is good (especially the cheese sticks), the drinks are reasonably priced (plus they have happy hour/reverse happy hour specials everyday), and there are at least a dozen tvs to watch games on. What really keeps me coming in is the bartenders! Mike, Yvette, and Camry are on point all day, everyday!
1	I really hope Native Newyorkers CORPORATE is paying attention to these reviews. Most people here are complaining about the same things over and over and with my recent visit I can assure you none of those problems have been fixed.Here's my experience from my recent visit on the Mayweather's fight past week.- When we walked in, after telling the host how many, he just handed the menu to us and told us to sit wherever instead of walking us to a table. This is the worst you can do to a customer. Hand them a menu and tell them to go sit down. Are you too lazy to walk them to a table?- Place was disgusting. Beer all over the floor and sticky seats and tables. - Like most people complained here, this facility seems like a depressing hotel from the 90's. No ambience, not hip at all. Also has a weird smell.- WINGS = EXTRA SMALL compare to any other NN location. - Rude waiters, specially the guys that work here. No smile, Not friendly. - Our chicken strips came out burnt. Returned the order. No manager came out to talk to us. All in all this NN has worst service than a moms and pops Pete's fish. Not worth it.
1	We have been frequenting this Native New Yorker for years and we have never been so disrespected as we were today. We sat down with our family which included a 10 year old on the bar area at 3:15 on a Sunday. The server came up to us and let us know that kids had to sit in the dining room.  We let her know that there was another kid in the bar. She told us it was the bartenders son. It was not the bartenders shift. He was there sitting as a patron with friends.  We are not the type to complain or leave a restaurant, but we are done with Native New Yorker for now. We understand rules, but they should apply to everyone. Even the bartenders and all employees. You can contact me at emily.liscom@gmail.com if you need any more info about this situation.
4	Guys! It's Native! This moght not be the greatest location geographically but it certainly didn't disappoint when it came to delivering what it's known for - good, inexpensive wings!My family (4 yo included) went on a Tuesday night 5 pm and were promptly served.  The server was about business and treated us well. You can't beat the taste of the 39 cent wings! Keep it real!
5	Best wings on the planet! Great service and a very clean establishment. Best place to go and eat and watch football!
4	Pleasantly surprised.  I haven't been to native in years, but I was performing at the open mic comedy deal.  After my performance, I ordered a couple of beers and some wings.  They had some good craft beers on tap and the wings were better than I expected.  I remember them being kinda meh and small.  They're still small, but they were cooked perfectly and seasoned well.  And lot of the comics get giving kudos to the 'owner', so I think it's got a good, local vibe.
1	Horrible just horrible. This is for a to go order. First off, the wings we ordered were all too salty. It really tasted like it was thrown in a bucket of salt! I was so disappointed. We had ordered extra sauce and veggies and ranch and did not have any of it. When we called in to let them know, the first person to answer was so rude! We were trying to explain what had happened and he cut us off and said do you want to speak to someone. And then just transferred our call. Disgusting! To top that off the manager didnt quite seem all that caring about our bad experience. Will never go here again if they dont change the attitude!
1	I love Native wings and food. Went to this location on a spur with a friend and ate the worst wings ever! The restaurant area did not seem too busy at all. Three waiters in here with maybe 10 tables taken. The service was extremely slow, even to get our drinks. We waited for a good 35-40 minutes for our extra crispy wings that came out soggy with a dry rub on them. Yuck! Bad service plus bad food equals never again at this location! Really disappointed!
1	Sometimes you really just crave some wings and Native is usually pretty decent. I don't expect a five star dining experience here, but I DO expect decent food and service for the money. We came on a very quiet Friday night as a party of 8. After taking our drink orders, the waitress asked if we needed more time, and we asked for 5 more minutes. She didn't return 20 minutes later, not even 30 minutes later. 40 minutes passed and I finally flagged down a bus boy to grab her. The food took another 30 minutes and arrived cold, and several of us never got one drink refill the entire time. We were all still hungry for more wings after eating but didn't want to wait another 45 minutes for our order, so we paid our $65.00 check plus tip and left. We definitely  plan on stopping by Taco Bell on the way home.
4	My friends and I visit this location very often ; especially on Thursdays (chicken strippers are cheaper). Customer service is decent, but the food makes up for it.
