5	Rich and the guys were great.  There were a couple of hiccups but the Manager compensated me accordingly. Once I chose the tires I wanted, installation was quick.
5	These guys are excellent. Fast service, friendly personnel and fair pricing.
5	They do military discount and will beat any price. Goodyear told me $145 for my 1 tire, Tire Works next door told me $130, so Discount Tire got me out the door at $128 including taxes and fees, mounting, etc. They were very friendly and quick. Had me in and out in 10 minutes. Also they give a warranty with free flat repair and more with purchase.
5	Absolutely LOVE this place!  We've all been there, trying to get to work, running late and as you go to leave....BAM!...flat tire.  Not only does this put a wrench in everything, but the poor guy who waits on you first gets the brunt of it.  Whenever I go to Discount Tire, they guys are friendly, patient and quick.  They fixed my flat free of charge, calmed me down, and I left smiling.  While I was there they told me about the tire replacement insurance.  Even though my car is new, they would insure my tires since the tires were new too.  $140 gets me insurance on all 4 tires and to replace a tire would be $32 - including balance, resetting my sensors and all the other stuff.  To buy the same tire retail - $250 per tire.  With as many holes I seem to get, it's worth it!  Thanks for the great customer service!
5	My wife and i live pretty close to here so of course its 1st on the choice list for tire repair or for a new set of pretty tires.....not only do they have amazing deals they are super friendly and knowledgeable in all aspects of tires!!!!A+
5	FASTER THAN A GAME OF CHECKERS!!I brought my buddy Oliver here last week to repair a flat cause he bought the lifetime warranty from another location last year. We came here cause it was now the closest one to his house. I decided to get a quote since I was running on 5% of tread. I was gonna go with the Michelin Energy MXV4 cause my car came with these and they are great. I also knew that there was a $70 rebate on Michelin tires that was ending on December 22nd. The salesguy quoted me $174/ea for 235/55/18. I saw some new Yokohama YK580 tires which the salesguy quoted me $177/ea. He recommended the Yokos and offered to honor the $70 rebate on the Yokos. I was sold. I also bought the lifetime warranty for $30/tire. I spent a total of $900.37 and I can come back anytime to rotate my tires for free.They started working on my car before I was done paying. My car was ready to go before we even finished a game of checkers. The techs were even nice enough to put Oliver's tire in a bag and in my trunk.They have complimentary bottles of water and soda for customers too.I will mos def recommend this place to everyone I know.
5	Great service! Came here on a couple of occasions. The first time I had a nail in my tire so they pulled it out and repaired it for free. (flat tire fixes are always free)Second time around I actually had to get tires. They were very helpful in showing me the different tire brands and sizes. I was very satifisfied with the tire choice I made because they explained in detail to me all the choices I had. They were never pushy or steered me towards another brand.
5	Excellent!!  My tires were in stock and when I called to make an apointment, they told me to come right over.  In less than an hour, all four tires had been mounted, balanced, and installed.  Reasonably priced with fast, friendly, no pressure service.
5	Excellent service!  I came here to have a flat fixed.  As soon as I pulled up a representative was at my side ready to help.  That is a big plus for me.  The gentleman looked at all my tires, told me that all but one were in great condition, but did not push me to buy.  He informed me that I still had some time on it and gave me a quote in case I was interested in the future.  They took my car in right away and offered my a cold bottle of water while I waited.  They had me in and out in 15 minutes with my tire patched and ready to go.  I will definitely come back here in the future!
5	These guys were friendly and helpful. Car places tend to get bad reps but i didn't feel pressured and their prices were reasonable and they worked in a timely fashion.  I like then and will use them over their competition across the street.
4	Awesome customer service
5	Who would of thought that exemplary customer service would come from a tire company? I'm a corporate trainer by trade. This store exemplifies the "Customer Centricity" ethics. The customer is the center of everything we do.  The Manager Vassie (I believe is his name) made sure my daughter could afford the right tire for her first car.  A few months back, he made sure I did not leave his lot without 4 tires (replacing my bald and uneven existing tires).  It wasn't about making a sale for him that day. It was about a long lasting relationship and our safety!  Corporate is doing something right. Thank you to this store (and the Rancho San Diego Store) whom I've had nothing but positive experiences in my lifetime! Loyal for life!
5	Fast and friendly service!  Called a few days before so I could order a set of wheels.  They matched their prices that they had on eBay, gave me a military discount on install, and installed them in less than an hour.  My wheels came in a day early and they look great!  They talk to you like you are a friend, not just there to spend money.  Soooo clean, they even let my dog come in and hang out with me.  Keep up the good work! I'll be back to buy tires!
5	I've been a fan of discount tire for a long time and this location did not disappoint.  It is clean, there is plenty of waiting room, and the staff is friendly and professional.  I was greeted when I walked in the door and not once did anyone make me feel like they would rather deal with a man.  In fact another woman was also being helped and I couldn't help but notice that the young man helping her was very informative and polite.Highly recommend this location for anyone, especially those in the north end of the valley.
5	Very fast and friendly!!!!  GREAT customer service
3	good job.very professional
5	Went in to get a nail pulled out of my tire. They pulled it and found no leaks and then rotated my tires, all for free and in less than 15 minutes.  Great friendly service.  Will go back for any tire needs.
5	My husband needed to get a tire mounted for his Ruckus wheel, we got here 5mins before closing and I thought they wouldn't take us.  Great customer service and they did the job pretty quick more than their neighbor who told us they can't do it.Would definately come back here.
5	Best service, great knowledgeable and heloful staff, must go place for all your tire needs. Coffee or water in waiting area...
5	I don't know if you are familiar with the Discount Tire commercial during the 1980'S? When an old lady throws the tire back through a window glass.  Classic. Discount Tire Co. Has been around for a long time and I have gone through dozens of tires and I always keep coming back to them. Maybe it's sentimental but I know that this business will be around for a while and I intend to keep going back for all my automotive tire needs. Friendly reliable service that you can count on.
5	I really needed tires, every time I would take my car in to get any work done they would let me know. So finally I had a little extra money thinking I was going to need to spend an arm and a leg to get 4 new tires, because the last time I got them they seemed to be very expensive. I called first to get a quote over the phone, the gentleman that answered was very pleasant and informative. He didn't try to upsell me. Which to me is nice. I ended up taking my van down to get the tires and when I got there the guy walked out with me to take a look and I originally gave them the wrong size of tires. Which normally would have not been a great thing but the actual tires I needed were on sale. So I got better tires for less then they told me over the phone. Needless to say I was very happy. My family will be safe with new tires and my pocketbook is happy because I had a little money left over for a not so fun purchase.
1	Don't take your car here if you have custom wheels they scratch my rims and they denied it that they did it..they don't  know how deal with custom wheels ..word of advice pay extra to go somewhere else if you have custom expensive rims
