5	Fresh food and fast, came in just to try the place, met the owners Eddie and Eddie, they were super nice. Even gave me a sample cookie. All I can say is you must try the fries! They are delicious. I had a wrap with crab (they have steak and chicken too) but the crab was amazing and HEALTHY! All the service employees were really nice.Awesome new place will definitely be back!
5	Wrap me up and take me home ZiKiZ. Your food is BoMb. (I don't know why their name has a capital K in the middle. I almoSt wAnT to wriTe the WhOle rEviEw this way, but I'm too full now.)Back to the wraps. Your choice of Steak, Chicken or Crab mix or Falafel and 4 types of tortillas you can wrap it in. Or if you aren't a wrapper you could make it into a salad or a bowl. This is your meal so make your food dreams come true. Add: spinach, rice (white or brown), lettuce mix, olives, tomatoes, red onion, jalapeno, pickles, cucumbers, chick peas, green peppers, banana peppers, avocado, feta or mozzarella ($.99 extra for cheese), crumbled ZiKiZ chips. Dressing: I want to try them all! A house dressing that's good, Chipotle Ranch, Asian BBQ, Citrus, Hot Sauce, Mango Curry, Caesar, Vinaigrette. I only wish they had a Tzatziki sauce.Wraps $7.99Salads $8.49Bowls $8.49 (they even have Tabouli!)This is one of those meals that you can make healthy or kill it with the carbs depending your mood that day. I like that. Did I mention they have a cheesecake wrap? Tubby didn't try that, but it sure sounded good especially since you can choose chocolate, lemon or strawberries as your topping. Might as well rip the drawstring out of your pants to make some more room. I ordered online and like the fact they have the nutritional guidelines on there. Not that I even want to know about the cheesecake wrap.... Wait, strawberries are an exceptional source of antioxidants:) If you haven't got the memo yet ZiKiZ is doing it big up in here. Fresh, simple and have it your way. If you like to be your own boss of what you eat than check it out.
5	Had lunch bowl today at ZikiZ and super yummy! The steak was nice and tender, the mango curry sauce SO tasty. My husband got a steak wrap on sundried tomato tortilla. Will definitely go back! Nice healthy meal that tasted really good- tough for a lot of places to get right.
5	I saw the reviews on yelp and figured I would try it out. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!! Manger welcomed me at the door, very very nice guy!!! The staff was really nice as we'll. The food was fresh steak is cooked perfectly. I got the spinach wrap with steak, humus, lettuce, onion with homemade rice and sauce. I can tell it's going to my new favorite place to grab a bite to eat. With the fresh food great staff I will be back. Hope the best for this restaurant! KCCO!
5	I was honestly blown away by their ZiKiZ Rice Bowl, I had to go back the next day for seconds!!  Not sure if it is the ZiKiZ Rice, Sauce or Hummus, but it was truly one of the best bowls I've ever had.  Hope this place stays popular, as I know I'll be coming back for some every time I'm in Las Vegas.
5	Hummus is amazing and fresh! Loved the falafels. I will definitely be back. Great owner, friendly staff
5	Had a great wrap! Nice new place. Excellent food, customer service and very clean. Reasonable prices. Will be back often.
5	Really great new Mediterranean place. Perfect if you want healthy, fast options that also taste delicious. Staff was friendly and knowledgable!
5	Great food, great service and nice staff.  This really is a franchise waiting to happen.  Eddie Sr. was very nice and accommodating.  He gave us our drinks for free since it was the first time we tried the food.  We live right around the corner and will be frequenting ZiKiz.  Try it!
4	Great service and atmosphere are always a must for me to return.  The food needs to be good too but a friendly owner and staff go a long way.The good news is the food is great too.  I know this place is new but they are doing everything right as if they had been there for years.Owner made suggestions at ordering and asked how everything was when I was finished.  I will return
3	Fast service but foid just didn't wow me. Basically looks like another chipotle knockoff with their take on greek food. Wasnt really crazy that the guy grilling the chicken used same pan that he used when chicken was raw to serve me in. Behind the counter looked a little dirty . Overall another medicore fast food place.
5	Zikiz has yet to disappoint me. Consistency is key and they've got it. Friendly service and great food every single time. I love love love did I mention love their wraps. I get the spinach wrap with extra chicken instead of rice, lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, banana peppers, hummus and hot sauce. Holy crap I'm salivating just thinking about it. Their hummus and hot sauce are made in house and the flavors blend perfectly give it a try. They also have a citrus green tea which is pretty delicious. Give them a try, I have no idea why people aren't lining up for this place but it just makes the time between walking in and inhaling my wrap that much faster.
3	I was about to grab a sandwich at Brooklyn Bagel when I noticed this place. I love Mediterranean food, so I thought this would be an interesting place to check out since it a casual little spot. I was greeted and walked through the process of ordering. It's basically the way you order at Chipotle. You pick your carb, meat and toppings. They have two spits, one roasting steak and the other chicken. I went with the steak wrap and added hummus, ZiKiZ dressing and the usual Med toppings to basically make myself a salad in a wrap. The steak was delicious. Not dry and had good flavor. I definitely would stop back by if in the area. Just wish they had room for one more spit to do lamb.
4	I just visited here for the first time after my yoga class at the bikram studio in the same plaza. I must have looked confused when I walked in, because they knew it was my first time. Service was fantastic, and the food is light, fresh, and delicious! You can get a wrap (4 different kinds), rice bowl, hummus bowl, or.. something else I can't remember. For protein, you can choose from steak, chicken, falafel, or crab mix. And then you choose seasoned jasmine rice or brown rice, then toppings like tabouleh, hummus, olives, onions, peppers, cucumbers, etc. It's like a miniature, healthy, mediterranean version of chipotle. I had a spinach & herb wrap with zikiz jasmine rice, falafel, tabouleh, cucumbers, hummus, feta, and olive oil vinaigrette. Super delicious. I have a pretty small stomach so I usually end up eating only half of anything I buy, but it was so good I ate the whole thing (and am now super full)! Having moved to Henderson from Los Angeles, I have pretty high standards for food quality and I can tell you this place is fantastic. highly recommended. I don't give 5 stars on a first date because I think consistency is an important factor in a rating, but after I go back a couple more times I'm sure I'll give them the upgrade!
5	Absolutely amazing steak wrap... Big portions fresh veggies and sauce is to die for..
5	As soon as I walked in the door, the wonderful smells of their food accosted me. I'm a huge fan of falafels and hummus and theirs is so tasty! The hummus is smooth and perfect, the falafels done just right. So much to choose from, I'm sure you won't be disappointed! Enjoy!
5	My husband said it best, "if Chipotle were literally next store, I would never go there, and I like Chipotle."I've been on a hunt for great Arab food since we moved to Vegas 7 years ago. I've lived in Egypt, England, and Michigan (land of cheap and plentiful shwarama), and this is the first place that I've been to in the Valley that really gets it. The pick your wrap concept is so brilliantly suited to the kind of Arab comfort food that every college kid in England and Michigan is used to after a night of partying, but the level of choice also makes healthy and hearty completely plausible.I had the falafel wrap and the falafel was obviously fresh, golden, and had a perfect marriage of crust and filling. I used to stop and pick up a dozen falafel on the way home from class in Egypt, and these would have fit right in. Sababa has been my go to falafel place, but these unseated them easily. The rest of the ingredients completed the taste bud experience: cucumber, tabouleh, red onions, ZiKiZ rice, hummus, black olives,  and feta ($.50 up charge).My husband had the spinach and herb wrap filled with angus steak, ZiKiZ rice, hummus, onion and tabouleh and you already saw his verdict.I had a side of tabouleh and it was so good I got another to go.Now all I wish was that they had a branch in North LV.
2	Ok where is the tzatziki sauce? They don't carry it! Had the rice bowl and it was just that.. lots of mushy rice. I ordered the chicken and they hardly put any meat. The chicken tasted like tuna. Really wanted to like this place.
5	Hope this place succeeds. Healthy food on the go. Inexpensive. Great options. Wraps, rice bowls, salads. Good falafel. Quiet, clean place.
5	First time there today with my wife. My wrap and her salad were both fantastic. Healthy and tasty food, friendly service... What's not to like.
5	I really enjoyed the food here. Huge portions and very tasty steak. Had a hummus bowl and could barely finish half of it. I met the owner and he really seems passionate and caring about his business. It's great to see this kind of commitment to pleasing their customers.
5	We found this place completely on accident.   We were next door at Jamba Juice and it caught our eye.  We were greeted by 2 very friendly gentlemen.   I believe one may have been the owner.   He explained how to order.  You choose either a wrap, a salad or a hummus bowl.  I got the hummus, then you choose a protein I chose chicken.  From there you pick your extras.  So many to choose from.  It was inexpensive and delicious!  This is exactly the way I love to eat.  Clean, healthy and guilt free.  I will back... again and again!  Oh, one more thing, the "ziki sauce" is amaaaaaaazing! I hope they will think about selling it by the bottle!
5	I had the zikiz rice bowl with hummus, falafel, and zikiz rice.  It was super delicious!!  The French fries were also spectacular!!  Prices are good.  It's super clean and the staff is friendly.
5	Amazing falafel! I was greeted by a kind and helpful man. The ingredients were all really fresh and you could customize to your liking. Super happy I found this place so close to home. They will know my name soon.
4	My awesome FPIC brought me here and it didn't sadden my taste buds. This place is great with their health options of wraps and vegetarian options. The place is nice and opened with a lot of natural light. It is welcoming and clean.The fillings are abundant and they definitely made it packed with fresh goodness! I almost didn't finish it and originally when they were building my wrap,  I thought it was not enough but when I ate it.....I realized how much they put into the wrap. The sauce is really flavorful and so was the wrap itself! My FPIC had the chicken bowl and he enjoyed it quite a bit, so much so thay he didn't even try offering a bite of his!I will be back for more the next time I am there!
5	Had a veggie wrap with Hummus. It's was a large portion and super delicious! Fresh food and the owners are great!
5	Always drop by here when I am in the area. The food tastes great and is filling. They have a combo lunch deal for $10 that tastes great and isn't all greasy.
5	Oh, my! I stumbled on to this place for lunch and ordered a salad ( $7.99). You choose the meat and toppings. Everything made fresh including original recipe salad dressing.  Can add hummus and a variety of Greek style toppers and cheeses. So flavorful!  I will make this shop a regular stop!
5	This place is far better than any wrap or sub place in all of Vegas. Go here, you won't be disappointed. Ask for Zikiz fries
5	Great food, esp falafel. The owner is very friendly and clearly cares about his customers. Theres nothing like walking into a business and the employees and owner know you by your first name.
4	Fresh and healthful food make this place a go-to in my book! Needed a quick dinner around 8pm but didn't want to eat too heavy. We decided to try zikiz. I had a salad with chicken as my protein and the zikiz dressing, which was fantastic. A light vinaigrette that was delicious and refreshing. The ingredients were fresh. My husband had a rice bowl and LOVED it. He told them just to put a little of their homemade dressing and but raved about it and said he wished he let them put more on because it was so good. You can also get wraps and hummus bowls, which I'm sure we'll try some other time. Friendly service, bright and clean restaurant, fair prices. I'll be back here for sure!
4	First time coming here but won't be my last.  Although they have a limited amount of food options what makes the difference is the taste and preparedness of the food, absolutely delicious.  I recommend the sticky brown rice with chicken added in it, mouth watering
5	If consistency is the key to success, well, Zikiz is going to be extremely successful. They are in a great location, the staff is always friendly and the food is delicious. Everything is hot and fresh. You can customize just about anything and the price is right. Keep up the good work guys!
5	Saw this place in passing when getting lunch to take to a friend and stopped in with no expectations.  I was SO thrilled to find all the amazing ingredients,  totally customizable to my taste, and friendly,  fast service.  Ive been telling all my other health-minded friends about this place as the best in the area to get a healthy, affordable, tasty meal.  Im gojng back today :)
5	Amazing food, simple menu, at an affordable price. I highly suggest you try the falafel!
4	The son of the owner who helped me prepare my food came out rude. But his dad was really nice. Other than that, I loved the steak wrap I got! Or should I say "burrito" LOL it was very tasty and huge!!! Thanks Zikkiz! Will definitely be back when I come back to Vegas!!
4	Came back here a couple more times, and I'm sad to say I won't be able to update this to a 5-star review.One of the employees (I *think* this might be the owner's son, but this is a pure guess so I have no idea) is pretty unfriendly. Not rude, but just not friendly. Also finally had something other than the falafel - the chicken - and found it to be pretty dry. Still going to be coming back here again and again, but definitely has room for improvement.
4	I'm definitely a fan of this quick eatery. If you're in the mood for some quick and reasonably priced Mediterranean food ZiKiZ is a good option. It's like a Subway for Mediterranean food, but better because it's not Subway. You won't regret giving them a try.
5	This place has become a habit. It's pretty amazing. That's all there really is to it, especially if you like wraps and fast-ish food that isn't ungodly unhealthy for you.. and let's face is, most of it is. Food: YAY! Just yay! Everything I've tried here so far is great. They have 4 wraps that you can choose from, which are regular, whole wheat, Spinach and Herb, and Sundried Tomato. Whole wheat is usually my weapon of choice, but I've had the sundried tomato one as well and it was a-okay in my book. Oh, one more thing! They also have a gluten free wrap, so if you or somebody you know is gluten-free this place is fine. If you don't feel like a wrap, they have a variety of other options, such as bowls, plates, and salads...but really, wraps are just amazing and you should feel bad if you don't want to try one. Next is the meat. Omnomnom, meat. You can get chicken, steak, vegetarian fafalal, or crab (which of course costs extra.) I've had the chicken and steak. Both of them are good, but I prefer the chicken just because it's the healthier option and I'm pretty sure I could never get sick of chicken. Ever. The toppings are plentiful and I won't name all of them off, but the bonus here is that you can get hummus as a topping. YAY! They also have feta cheese. DOUBLE YAY! Sauces: Yes, this gets its own category because their sauces are awesome as well. They have some crazy ones, such as Mango Curry, and Citrus, but all of the basics are there too. Ranch, Chipotle, Buffalo, etc. They have a special Zikiz's sauce, but don't worry, it's basically a posh oil blend. Once again, all of the sauces I've had were good. The Mango Curry is my favorite, by far, since it's sweet, but has a little tang to it as well. It's perfect for a chicken and hummus wrap. Customer Service: I've been there a few times now and every time I go, the people working are extremely friendly. You are greeted and helped right away. The people are knowledgeable about the work environment and are readily available to hear you out for all of your Zikiz needs. In fact, if it's your first time, they are more then willing to explain the process of wrap making for you. The last time I was there, I had to get a gluten-free wrap for my friend, but didn't know what she wanted on it. She was at home sick, so I called her and asked. We were luckily the only ones in the store at the time, but when all was said and done, they ended up making her another wrap because the gluten-free ones tend to get hard after awhile. This impressed me, even though it was my fault it took so long. They were also patient. So this place is amazing and it's definitely on my must eat at when I'm feeling lazy but fairly healthy at the time days. One of the reviews said it best. It's like Chipotle, but 10x healthier. They also sell humus and an assortment of gluten free items in a freezer they have there. Worth a gander if you are ever in the area. The only downside is that it's tucked away in a corner of the Smiths shopping center, so it doesn't stand out. Fear not, because it will after you eat there!
5	I love this place.  I have never been disappointed here.  Today I had to go with the Zikis falafel wrap. Big shout-out to Ed for hooking me up.  If you have never experienced this place you need to check it out.
5	Amazing. Fresh. Friendly. Reasonable.Definitely check this spot out. They do a killer job!!
5	If you have been to Greece and the Middle East there  is no contest who has the best hummus in Vegas. I have been to Lebanon on more than one occasion where hummus was  originated (PHOENICIANS) and copied by the Greeks (Alexander the Great), Turks, and other Arabic nations. The real thing made from  scrap with that integrety and taste by far  we are so lucky to have is ZIKIZ. It doesn't look like yellow glue, hard paste , store bought, that all you can  taste is the garlic.  ZIKiZ' recipe is original from the  old  country and even the dark  golden color tells you that  the smooth taste is different with the finest ingredients and yes garlicy but with a great mixture of the  chick peas, lemon, etc. takes you back in time for the real thing.  Try  it once and I am sure you will agree.  You've tried the  rest now it's time to  try the best.  M. Haddad, Chicago/Las Vegas.
5	I'm obsessed with Zikiz. It is just SO good. The only way I could describe it is, it's like a Lebanese Chipotle.  I usually get a wrap or a bowl, and they load it up with everything for me. I've had the steak which is great, but I'm really crazy about their falafel. I'm willing to go out on a limb and say its the best I've ever had. I crave this falafel.
5	We came here because of reviews on yelp. I am real picky about trying new places. Fresh and delicious. Friendly peeps. VERY clean. Will return again.
5	Love that everything is made to order and build your own.  The hummus is a must!  The management was very friendly and genuinely seemed to care about our experience.
5	Love Zikiz, great tasty food, my favorite is falafel, ingredients are always fresh and very tasty. The owner is very friendly and cares for his customers..
4	Excellent lunch spot! Fast, consistent and good! Everyone is friendly and the food is delicious. I got my co- workers hooked on this place. Very casual
2	It was my second time coming here...the first time was when they first opened, and i was not impressed...after a few months of being opened i figured they would have things together.......firstly i would like to specify that i LOVE their rice! it is soooooo delicious! and i made sure to compliment them on that fact several times........my biggest complaint that a bowl of rice, chick peas and some veggies is waaaaay over priced...but thats not the worst part.....my rice was SWIMMING in oil!!! if you look at the pictures that is all oil at the bottom of the bowl! it was like an oil soup! i ate as much of the surface rice as i could handle...it was too good to throw away...but it was soooo hard to eat any more.......i wish they would consider the fact that a vegetarian should not be charged the same amount as a meat eater...veggies are way cheaper than meat........paying almost $10 for a bowl of rice and veggies seems like robbery....yeah the rice is yummy(when its dry) but i will not be back.
5	I think this place is family owned & operated. People are really nice. Very clean, organized eating area. The way I can describe this place is like a Middle Eastern Chipotle. You can make your own bowl or a wrap. The meat was very tasty & tender. The veggies were fresh. The ZIKIZ sauce was amazing. Would definitely recommend this place to everyone. Specially if you want something simple but yummy & filling but not heavy.
5	Delicious. Glad we found this place (thanks, Yelpers!) -- we visited twice in three days. The hummus was tasty and the Zikis rice is so good. Friendly staff!
4	I will absolutely come here again. After reading the reviews, I figured that I should stop see and see what the buzz was about. Thank you Yelpers, because this restaurant is worth a visit!I am gluten free due to an allergy, not by choice, so I appreciated a staff who understood the allergy and was very thoughtful in preparing my food. They have rice if you would like a rice bowl and a salad option. The hummus is smooth and silky, the chicken is light and not overly seasoned, the ingredients are all fresh and the restaurant is very clean.Put it all together with a very friendly staff, wonderful owner who definitely cares about the quality of his job and the product he gives to his customers, and gluten free falafel (YUMMY!), I am hooked!If you're vegetarian, gluten sensitive or just want a nice light lunch that won't make you bloat like a blimp, this is the place to go!
5	Love love love this restaurant.  As someone who is constantly watching what she eats, I totally dig healthy restaurants with build your own flair.  Zikiz is exactly that. You have a choice to build your own wrap, salad, or bowl. Pick a protein, veggies, and a sauce to complete your meal. They also have sides including THE MOST delicious hummus I've ever eaten. In addition, they  carry some tasty gluten free baked goods. I have visited several times. The staff is always friendly and the place is always clean.  You can even order/pay ahead and pick up if you're crunched for time.  Finally, the restaurant is locally owned and family operated so you can feel good about spending your money here. If you're looking for a yummy, quick, and satisfying meal, look no further!!!
5	I've been to Zikiz twice and it's always been a great experience! The food is really delicious and you can tell that the staff are very passionate about what they do. The rice is one of the owners family recopies and it's so good in a falafel wrap! Good fresh ingredients!
3	This place was recommended to me, so I tried it out. I only tried their beef (they call it Angus steak), vegetables, tabbouleh and rice with vermicelli.  The service was very friendly and it looks like a very clean place. I felt like the meat was extremely overcooked. My friend had the chicken and she said the same thing. I really liked the tabbouleh. I'm not in a hurry to go back. I would like to have the meat less like a pot roast texture and more like slices from a kabob, if that makes sense. I would also like to see more vegetables.
5	So good!  Fresh, flavorful and fast.  Completely customizable and great price too.  I usually get a wrap, but, the bowls are calling my name for next time...
5	Had a great experience and plan on returning in the near future. The staff was very friendly and helpful. There are plenty of options to choose from as well. I had a bowl with brown rice, steak, and a little of every avaliable side to add. All topped with the mango curry sauce. It was delicious. I was very happy with the portion size and left feeling nice a full. Great work! Can't wait to try a wrap on my next visit.
5	Thus is my second time coming here and the food is always good. It's fresh.  I had the zikiz rice bowl with chicken. I can't stop eating long enough to write this review.  The staff is very friendly and helpful in making recommendations. The flavors are so good. It's like a part in my mouth.  YUMMY.
5	I miss my hometown deli in Ohio.  But, after reading reviews on several places decided to check out Zikiz today and I wasn't dissapointed.  I got a hummus plate with red onion and tabbouleh with falafel.  I loved it! It was perfect....and I mean, hummus and falafel can be tricky to get spot on...if the spices are overdone, you will be burping up, bloating, or have heartburn. They definitely know what they are doing here, as everything was very tasty. I will be back for more raw food / vegetarian and gluten free meals and I'm glad they are here!!!!
2	I noticed ZiKiZ while in the area a couple months ago and decided to bookmark it based on the positive reviews and the food sounded good. I met yelper Tracy P here for lunch and walking in we were greeted right away. The 2 men behind the counter were very friendly and told us about their menu. They said they specialized in customizing any order with what's offered on the menu. You pick if you want a wrap, salad or bowl (prices vary) and then pick what you want inside. They have chicken, steak, crab and falafel and a variety of veggies. Priced at $7.99 I ordered a "Chicken Wrap" with salad mix, red onion, black olives, tomatoes, cucumbers, ZiKiZ sauce and feta cheese (.50 cents extra for feta) inside a sundried tomato tortilla. I said that I would be eating the wrap inside, but would like the chicken on the side to-go. The guy looked at me kind of funny and said I needed to pick a protein to go into my meal. I looked funny back at him because he just told me a minute prior that they specialized in customizing any order, so what was the big deal with just putting the chicken on the side? I like the Greek Salad Wrap over at The Great Greek on Warm Springs and was hoping to create a wrap somewhat like that. I just said the chicken inside the wrap would be fine. My friend, Tracy had a coupon for $5 off any order over $20 which was a nice bonus. The guy accepted the coupon with no problem, but he majorly messed up when it came to ringing up our order. We wanted to add 2 sides and 2 drinks for an additional $2.99 each. He never asked us what sides we wanted and when we were looking over the menu deciding which ones we wanted, he says "oh I thought you'd want fries" and I was wondering why he was picking for us. I said no, we never asked for fries and don't want those, but we'd like to try the ZiKiZ rice. He then brought only 1 side of rice over and not the 2nd. Then he starts to talk to the next customer and we haven't even received our drink cups. I ask for them and he only hands 1 cup over. What the heck? We mentioned that we needed the other drink (deciding to just give up on the 2nd side we never received) and he just smiles and hands a cup over. I wasn't given a receipt, so I don't know how he charged me. I am thinking he didn't ring up the 2nd drink and side or something, but with the coupon our total was only $15 and some change, so not a bad price to try a new place out.   He did give the coupon back and said to save it to use again.The rice was very bland. I really tasted no flavor and decided since it was in a container already to just take it home and give it to my dog with her dinner. The wrap was just average. I did like the taste of the tortilla, but the chicken really had no flavor and the veggies stood out more as far as flavor goes. With them not customizing my order the way I wanted, the food only tasting average, the mix up with sides and drinks and the food not being that great, I can't see coming back.
3	I'm not sure what all the hype is about for this place. I though it was good but not awesome. I can here for lunch w/ fellow Yelper Christie L. This was a first visit for the both of us. When we walked in we were greeted promptly and since we were looking at the menu the gentleman behind the counter asked if it was our first visit. He went over the menu and told us how it all worked. The process is similar to Chipotle in that you say you'd like a burrito, bowl, salad etc. and then you choose your toppings. I ordered the ZiKiZ's bowl which included ZiKiZ's rice, a combination of rice and thin pasta. From there you choose a meat, I choose steak. Then I choose my toppings, hummus, lettuce, tomatoes, cucumber, feta cheese, yellow peppers & ZiKiZ's sauce. The food was fresh and I felt it could've used a bit more flavor. There was a bit of confusion at the cash register. We had a coupon for $5 off a $20 purchase. I felt that the gentleman ringing us up just wanted to get our total over $20 vs thinking that we may each want a drink. We needed to add at least one combo to get over $20. I'm not sure exactly what was rung up but it was assumed that we would want French fries & not another side & only one drink. I'm glad that a restaurant has lasted this long in this spot, but ZiKiZ's is not on my high priority list of place to return.
4	Really well done marketing and branding, very well thought out, well executed. I've only eaten there once but I was underwhelmed by the food. I had a plate,  and my biggest take away from it was how anemic the falafel was. It was cold, seemed old, definitely not fresh, very disappointing. To be fair, I'm spoiled in that I've been fortunate enough to enjoy fresh hot flavor-busting middle eastern cuisine served by little old ladies on public busses in Cairo and Alexandria, and I've enjoyed perfectly prepared baba ghanoush served from a tiny bodega squeezed in between large tenaments near 116th & Broadway in NYC. So like I said, I'm spoiled. But this restaurant's food (the one time I tried it) falls far short of the genuine stuff I've had in Egypt and NYC.I hope this restaurant puts more focus on providing flavorful fresh food.
5	Tried ZiKiZ for the first time tonight. I built my own wrap and it was delicious!! The staff (I'm pretty sure he was the owner) was super nice and due to him I am writing my first yelp review. Not super often you get great food and super friendly service. :):) Definitely will be going back to try their falafel!!
5	First time here and I loved it. I got a chicken spinach wrap with hummus, olives, onions, garbanzo beans, and to top it off.. The mango curry sauce (most popular). Plain and simple but very tasty, refreshing and healthy!I'll definitely be back here and once you check in here on yelp, you get $2 off a purchase that's $10 or more! Love it here!
3	Tried this place after a few friends wanted to check it out. The place is basically like a subway, but with Mediterranean ingredients. I ordered the chicken burrito with the sundried tomato tortilla (because it sounded so cool) and got a combo. For my side I choose a whole wheat pita which came with a big container of hummus and a fountain drink. The price for the burrito was about $7.99 and making a meal into a combo was an additional $2.99. I felt that the place was overpriced after I got my food because the burrito was pretty small and I only got one small pita bread with a tub of hummus. I have no idea why they gave me so much hummus for my bread so I ended up slathering my burrito in hopes of using it all up. I currently still have about 3/4 of the container full of hummus. Then again, the price was probably a bit higher because of the types of ingredients they have here. My burrito was decent in terms of taste. The chicken was dry so I used the hummus from my side order to add some moisture and taste. I got the Zikiz special sauce, but the flavor did not stand out to me. I'm glad I tried this place once, but I am not sure if I would go back. Luckily, the plaza has plenty of other restaurants in case I am ever in the area.Overall, this place and the food was a good experience, but there wasn't much that wowed me. It was nice that they had a Yelp check-in deal where you can get $2 off when you spend $10 or more (which shouldn't be too hard to do haha). After I finished my food, I was kind of hungry still and was just overwhelmed with hummus. I guess if you really love hummus, you should check this place out. If not, check out another place!
4	i like this place a lot. i usually just get the ziki rice bowl or hummus plate with falafels which have been delicious. the only reason i'm giving a 4/5 is because i invited my friend out to zikiz since i love it and he somehow managed to order something super ungood. i wish i can remember what it was but i think it was some sort of a salad. i'm generally a pretty adventurous eater but now i'm scared to try anything else at zikiz. haha.
5	5 stars for the Service! Chicken on spinach wrap tasted like it was just made fresh and even with the ingredients to choose from you can make it even tastier. To those who say chicken and rice were bland maybe you should try and add dressing or humus because alone it was totally fine for me. My wrap tasted better than anything at chipotle btw and that's saying a lot.
5	Very friendly service & generous portions of fresh, healthy food! Good prices & the softest, freshest cookies ever!
5	Wow! Very tasty steak burrito, no grizzle! Price is worth it! You pay for the freshness and quality! Looks clean inside and there's music playing inside. Will definitely be back! The cashier was friendly and the manager even asked how our food was!
5	If you have not yet tried it, it's a must! Quality inhredients, great flavor and two sold thumbs up! Go Buckeyes!!!
2	The falafel is not fresh and clearly not made there. They heat it up but it's clearly made by a machine and frozen )); sad because falafel is so simple to make. There is no yogurt sauce or tahini sauce..just ranch and chipotle barbecue and salad dressings..strange pairing for a Mediterranean place. We were here at 3:25pm and they started closing up while we were eating. Shut all the lights off and locked things up. They weren't supposed to close until 6pm... They were also really stingy with the fries and tabbouleh. Idk not much going for this place other than it's different for vegas. So expensive too for what it is.
