4	Fair Trade has an awesome new space at the basement of the old A.E. motor building in the middle of Civic Space Park, and it's going to be a great hangout spot for ASU students, light rail commuters and downtown residents alike. It's much airier and brighter than the flagship spot on Central and Roosevelt, and the grand opening event last night provided some great insight on how nice this spot can be. Tucked amongst the waterfalls and open-air patio seating, there are great views of the park, the Westward Ho and ASU's campus. Here's hoping they keep that mobile bar for use on the patio out front. It provided some cool liveliness to the spot that the other store sometimes needs.
4	Super stoked to see this shop open in the Civic Center Park.  Another step in the right direction, Phoenix!It's a coffee shop, but I met up there for lunch and tried a veg and hummous salad which was just great.  Freshly made sandwich, homemade hummous, good stuff.  Limited menu, hope to see it grow, I'll be back for sure.  The space was noisy, but it's so new I'm sure they are still working out the kinks.  Check it out.  And the patio is going to be fab!
2	Honest to God, Sheriff Joe's jail is more comforting than this venue (trust me, and don't ask why, but I know). So here's to hoping that they just opened earlier than they had wanted to, 'cause right now this maybe the coldest coffee shop I've been in since Drip. Or maybe they just don't want you hanging around, and if that's the case they certainly have succeeded with flying colors. As at this point in time (1st week) they have ONE comfortable piece of furniture and all the rest are bare metal chairs. The space certainly does have potential with their big outdoor patio. And by the looks of it they will have a hot kitchen sometime in the future. As for the coffee, it's okay but nothing special, and/but don't expect any orange flavor for your Italian soda 'cause they don't seem to think it's worthy of stocking (at either stores).Unfortunately Lux still has no competition in this town ...
2	Awesome location, average coffee, poor ambiance.   While I've never been a huge fan of the original Fair Trade, I was glad to see that at least a locally owned shop was opening up in the Civic Space, but after my first two visits I'm underwhelmed.  Same average coffee and food as the original (although I do give high marks to their Italian Sodas), but ZERO ambiance.  Sorry but patio furniture (uncomfortable at that), does not belong inside a coffee shop.   Hopefully they are waiting for real furniture to arrive, and will migrate the patio furniture outside where it belongs.  Another downside is the fact that the don't seem well set up for studying and co-working. While I'm not a huge fan of computers in coffee shops, they are now ubiquitous and should be well accommodated (especially in a place that will be frequented by university students). As it is, several of the outlets are near the ceiling (sorry but Shaq is no longer in town). Moreover, they don't seem to have their own wifi, but are relying on ASU's connections.I'll chalk this initial impression up to opening week chaos, and hope that in a few weeks they'll have finished decorating and added some art to warm the place up as well as couches, easy chairs and loungers and some decent bistro tables.
5	I am so, SO happy that there are local coffee places popping up near my work. Until now, it's been the 'Bucks, wherever you turn.I always get my coffee to go, so the interior isn't really a big concern of mine. The quality of the coffee is, and here, it's always top notch. The staff is very nice too.Other perks -- they have punch card, and discounts for ASU and city employees. I'm neither. But on occasion, I answer the trivia question correctly, and get the discount that way.I also like the fact that they make an effort to be more environmental. For instance, they use the recyclable cups, and spoons, rather than stirrers.
2	The second location of Fair Trade Cafe is a disappointing missed opportunity.  Descending the concrete steps into the patio of metal furniture promises a great bunker of caffeination.Instead, this ASU-adjacent location feels like a university's student union coffee shop from the early 1990s.  I'm not anti concrete and glass and steel, but this space feels thrown together and unfit for an afternoon or evening of quiet conversation, study, or reading. Not cozy.Plus (or should I say "Minus"?), there were no ceramics to serve their coffee and espresso in, which reminds me of the early days at Hob Nobs.  May I say out loud that you must not open your coffee shop unless you have ceramic mugs and demitasse cups on day one?  Try drinking an espresso or espresso macchiato from a 12 oz. paper cup.  It's on your face. Quickly.
4	i liked the location more then the original. but i liked the people at the original more. it's not like there is anything wrong with the people at the new location. i just was like super regular at the original location..so i didn't feel like a nobody. :-/ ohh wells. :)
5	This little shop is in an amazing location, has great food and drinks, and does not compromise their morals for a dollar. My kind of place! The atmosphere inside is lacking but i have a feeling it will come around as the place is really new.
4	Ok, I don't want to hear any more complaining about how high Starbuck's prices are...this place is nowhere near cheap, but it's good.  I love the location because I can walk to it from my apartment, and that's important when you don't want to loose your amazing streetside parking space! I usually get a latte no matter where I am, but their mocha's are amazing! They don't use as much syrup as Starbucks, but if you want soy be prepared to pay a hefty price for a small.  I love walking in and hearing loud music from local bands playing. I love the feeling of an old time coffee bar, and that is worth the price.  4/5 stars only because they don't give discounts to Roosevelt Square tenants...just church going folks.  :( Either way, they will be seeing me more often.
4	I've been meeting friends for the past two weeks at the cafe for projects.  Nice cafe, descent mochas..little pricey for a medium mocha and rice krispy treat, $7 all together, but then again you do get free wi fi!  Service is good, the girls liked to flirt with my male friends, which 'Hey" it will make the boys tip well and passing out free samples does help sell the food!  Even though it seems pricey, it' has good drinks, clean tables, friendly staff, "free" wi-fi..hopefully it won't go out of business anytime soon!
4	I've come here a few times for a coffee, snack, or lunch. I like this location better than the one a couple blocks north at the Roosevelt Square apartments. This one is cleaner, more organized, and the tables aren't all rickety. Plus, they have more seating, or so it seems. The food and sweets are the same at both locations. Fair Trade is a nice option for lunch versus all the other quick serve cafes that are in this area. I've had various cookies, brownies, and iced coffees and tea at both locations. They are all delicious, and sometimes there are unique options, such as today was a curry/peanut butter/chocolate cookie. I don't know that I could taste any curry, but the cookie is very delicious.  For lunch, I typically get a hummus/veggie sandwich, and they really pack it with some mixed greens, spinach, tomatoes, and some spicy hummus. My friend ordered the chicken sandwich and said it was great too. The location is nice, because although it's in downtown Phoenix, it is downstairs, so there's not the excess noise of traffic or anything. You can choose to sit inside or outside. Also, the music choices at both locations are always excellent. Today I heard Frightened Rabbit and The National while eating my lunch. The only complaints I have is that it can seem pricey if you order a few things, and also, depending on day, it can be kind of slow to get your order. Also, I purchased gift cards for some people at this location, and they have told me I can only use them here, versus at both locations. That kind of stinks, since I like going to both.
4	So I got lucky enough to try out their new veggie (locally sourced, healthy eating, save the world) menu. Simply amazing. It felt so good to actually have eaten a true vegetarian meal. Everything they offered was flavorful, but I find myself still dreaming about the carrot salad. It was lightly seasoned with (maybe) cinnamon or cardamom. The cucumber dill salad and the bulgar wheat lentil loaf were yummy too. The catch? Right now they only offer two or three of the 10-12 items for lunch, so the offerings change daily (check their Facebook page for the day's plate). AND, wrapping this up in grand fashion, the veggie plate of the day costs $5-6! Sustainable for the planet and your wallet!
4	i'm a caffeine and coffee shop junkie but i hadn't really explored the awesomeness that central phoenix has to offer until recently. i really like fair trade- the prices are good, the service was good, and the coffee was amazing! at one point, their credit card machine went down and they still made my drink and didn't charge me until they could accept my card. the spot is nice and they do have a bit of outdoor seating for us nasty smokers-will be adding it to my caffeine fix list!
4	I am a fan of this place because of the beliefs of its co-owner, Michelle and the staff.I discovered Black Pearl Poetry at this place; they made themselves available for a natural hair meetup and kept themselves open until 9:30PM on a non-school Saturday night so that Phonetic Spit could have a fundraiser in the subterranean plaza. This place lives its 'fair trade' philosophy.  They now have a liquor license. I hope that will allow them a great spike in revenue and hours of operation.Now, if they could improve the taste of that fair trade coffee ...
3	The alarm sounds, I've been laying there with my eyes closed but cognizant for at least five minutes. My dog's hot putrid breath is panting into my face, I can feel him tensed, just waiting for the faintest movement of my face before he launches into a bout of aggressive licking to further hasten my awakening. I hate this moment so much but cannot fight the inevitable. Turning the alarm off in a split second, I vault outta bed and dodge my dog's tongue assault and barrell into the shower. Towel off and prepare clothes to the serenade of NPR's morning edition, and then it's around the block for aforementioned dog's morning constitutional, then a brief goodbye and feeding and I speed off on my bike for the van buren and central light rail connection.  All of this morning ritual is accomplished in a semi vegitative state, that twilit realm of half sleep half awake, my brain just revving and warming it's engines with very low fuel, in order to tackle the daily doldrums of 9 to 5 purgatoried damnation, hell even just to make the commute to the penal colony of my workplace I must needs first put gas in the tank and make that coffee run. It took a while for me to recognize the perfect spot for this, finding your perfect filling station (coffeeshop) is kinda like dating, you bounce around from one place to the next with one foot out the door, never really serious or attached, just testing the water, and then one day you wake up and it's been a year and you wonder where all the time went. I've dated, there was that passionate tryst with Lola that ended up a fiery train wreck replete with steamy resentment and possible spit takes from an embittered barrista, there was jobot and the realization that our worlds were just too far apart, there was the one that got away the central and roosevelt fair trade, and then finally the keeper came into my life. I stumbled upon this fair trade all alone and inviting, at the bottom of the stair just waiting for me, no other custom, just myself kerouac in my arm, bike on my shoulder and burning desire for that inky black joe. We fell in love at once, she always desolate and solitary in the morning, with bored barrista just waiting for me, baked goods abounding, savory breakfast sandwiches and vegan options galore. The mornings we spend together give me the strength to carry on, even something to look forward to in that dread sword of damacles space of time before clocking into the 8 hours of slavery that await me perpetually. Fair trade for me is the metaphorical lineage of the notes my dear old Ma used to tack onto my sack lunches in grade school: "love you bobby, enjoy this coffee and try not to worry".
5	I am an ASU student, full-time employee, and espresso and pastry connoisseur (of sorts). In fact, I exercise solely to be able to enjoy the richer foods in life. On Wednesdays, I take the light rail to the ASU downtown campus where I have my early morning Ochem class which I would liken to water-boarding (although I have not had the pleasure, but one can imagine). However, every Wednesday, after being battered and beaten by chemistry nomenclature, I come to Fair Trade Cafe which, I'm not exaggerating, is the highlight of my week. One might argue that a bologna sandwich in restroom stall might by pleasant after organic chemistry, but that is not why I love coming to this place. First off, the espresso is always on point; not to weak, not too strong, not too hot, not too cold...perfect. Secondly, and most importantly, they make everything here from scratch, and it is delicious. I hope my mom doesn't read this, but they have the best banana bread I have ever had and they give my grandmother a run for her money in the way of lemon bars. There are 3 things that are difficult to find in this world: a trustworthy dentist, an honest mechanic, and a good lemon bar. If you should be so lucky to find any one of these, hang on to them. The atmosphere is bar none. It is smack dab in the middle of the beautiful ASU downtown campus park. They have outdoor seating with flowing water walls, spacious indoor seating with plenty of table room for laptops, notebooks, textbooks, chemistry model kits (for you super dorks out there), and anything else you could put on a table. It might be frowned upon, but you could potentially change a baby or two if you felt so inclined. They always have great music played over a quality sound system indoors and out. Oh, and of course, free Wi-Fi with no gimmicks or sign-on page, which is what I am logged onto at this very moment. I can't say enough good things about this place and I hope and pray that a commercial coffee shop does not come anywhere near this gem. I challenge anyone to find and read the ingredients in the pastries made at Starbux or any other commercial bakery. You just might need to take organic chemistry to be able to read the list...seriously. Today I had the stuffed croissant. It is a homemade croissant, stuffed with black forrest ham, egg, and cheese. It was one of the best breakfast sandwiches I have ever had. The key was the fresh, baked-from-scratch croissant. Couple that with a perfect double espresso...that's a good day right there. I could get punched in the face the moment I get back on the light rail, and I will be unshaken after a treat like that. If you like great atmosphere, fresh homemade food, good music, good people and a business with a face, come to Fair Trade Cafe, you will not be disappointed. The owner, Stephanie just might be there to great you with a smile...find that at S-bux. For the record, I am not bashing Starbucks, I enjoy a one-pump white mocha latte from time to time, they make a good cup of joe, however, I am sharing my experience at an awesome local joint with great product and wonderful services. Check it out, bring a camera and get some beautiful city shots from the park. Peace and be easy my neezies.
3	The location is basically the basement of the A.E. English building in City Space Park. As a basement, this cafe really neefs to warm up its decor. It's rather stark inside. The latte I had was sizable and tasty, and the server was upbeat and friendly, although the wait was several minutes as he was the only person working in the cafe when I was there.
3	i decided to stop by after hearing great reviews from my fellow students. I ordered a veggie hummus sandwich. There was one ticket in front of mine (I heard her call out the ticket orders). A group of three girls came in after me followed by another customer. They all ordered and sat down. One after another all four people got their orders and I still had not received mine. After about 25 minutes, I enquired about where my order was (to the man working in the kitchen and delivering the food) and how four people who came in after me had already received their food. His response was that they work on the easiest orders first and that mine should be up soon. Personally, I didn't think a hummus sandwich was overly difficult. After another 5 minutes had passed, the woman who rang up my order asked if I still had not received my food, I told her no and repeated what I had been told. She apologized profusely and another employee (I'm assuming a manager) also apologized. Within minutes she rushed to the kitchen and began to personally work on my order. She also offered me a free pastry and tea for my trouble. While I was convinced I would give them a bad review, they were able to redeem themselves, continued to apologize, and did everything they could to make up for the slow service. Honestly, I will probably try them again seeing as how the do have a lot of great reviews. Plus, my sandwich was delicious!
5	I had breakfast here 2 days in a row. The "everything but the egg" was simple, yet amazing! The 2nd day I tried the "some like it hot"...a much heartier bagel sandwich, equally amazing     I stumbled onto this place while marveling at the grotesque waste of tax money they call public "art" (i call it the butterfly net) which can, at least serve as a landmark for this wonderful little coffee shop.     A hidden gym in a land of the big chain coffee monopoly. (They also own Seattles's  Best. Google it)
5	I love this place! The employees are always nice to me and the food is so amazing. I wish more places served fair trade and organic ingredients. The menu is full of delicious items. The atmosphere is calm and relaxing.  Perfect place to to either meet up with a friend or enjoy a meal on your own.
1	The atmostphere of this place met my expectations, BUT, the coffee was disgusting. I asked for an iced coffee and then had to put my own cream and sugar in it and there was WAY too much ice. Not only did the coffee taste ashy, but the fact that the barista was rude and acted confused when I asked for cream and sugar after I paid and exorbitant amount for a small coffee made me more bitter than the coffee itself. I haven't gone back since and was upset at the hype.
2	I have been here multiple times now and I still give it a 2 overall. Every time I have been in this place it has been FREEZING COLD. Within ten minutes Im shivering or leaving. And the beverages are just alright. I've had better tea and coffee. I do appreciate their all vegetarian menu, and the banana bread and treats, but that isn't enough to bring me back. The service is lacking, big time. The people who work there always seem too engaged in what their doing to chat it up with you or make you feel welcome. Even on my most recent experience: After waiting for someone to come to the front, I ordered a small hot tea. No talk, no smile, from the barista girl. She made my tea and set it on the bar almost spilling over. I looked around for milk but they never have any kind of creamer on the bar - you have to ask for it. So I asked her if she could pour some out so I could put cream in it. She gave me this look like I was the biggest pain in the ass ever, for asking for this. I even apologized, because she looked so irritated. I would rather walk a few blocks to get to some of the more established and welcoming coffee shops like Songbird on Roosevelt or JoBot on 5th.
