3	Dropped in here for lunch today, to find a nice, small, comfortable Denny's.  I ordered a Club Sandwich with onion rings, & a bowl of Chicken Noodle Soup to start with.Surprisingly, the soup was really good!  It had lots of flavor, lots of chicken, & thick noodles that gave the impression that Grandma had just finished spending the day making it completely from scratch!The Club Sandwich was fine... not stacked up high, but ok.  The onion rings were good.  Yes, I presume they started out frozen, but I liked them as much as the one's at Ted's, that people go on & on about.Now Denny's just is what it is, but the service here was fine, I got a big, satisfying lunch for about $10, & left with no complaints.    :-)
4	This is a pretty good Denny's location... and I have eaten at many Denny's locations. In fact my mom and I have a song called "Denny's Blues" that we sing on the way to Denny's. I have a more sophisticated pallet, but sometimes a deluxe chicken salad or Grand Slam at 1AM really hits the spot. With that said I had a delicious 1AM meal at this Denny's a few weeks ago.. and a even yummier milkshake. Food always seems to come out really fast, which is a major plus since Denny's cooks can either be super busy or lag hardcore! *Thumbs up*
1	This is the second time we have been to this denny's the first same thing happened. Burnt bacon, sausage and ham. This time it was worse. burnt bacon, sausage, ham, uncooked pancakes and watered down ice tea. Love denny's but never going to this one ever again. Got pictures of the food if i can post it here i will.
1	With a franchise like Denny's I usually expect two things: Reasonably decent fare and reasonably cheap prices. I didn't get either during my visit earlier today. The biscuits were obviously several hours old, the sausage unimpressive, and the hash browns not quite crispy.Far worse however was the service. I asked for gravy on my biscuits and was cheerfully told she'd bring some out. The waitress then asked if my friend would like ranch with her fries and brought everything out reasonable time. At the end of the meal we saw an extra .50 cent charge for ranch and $1.79 for gravy, which the waitress had neither informed us about, nor did anything about beyond mumbling an "I'm sorry." I would not eat here again as there are far better options nearby.
4	This is an old time, not updated Denny's, so I really enjoy it.  It is fun to find an old Diner style Denny's with booths that feel and look original.  You can't sit here long as the padding is long gone.  But I don't really care when I go to a Denny's, I expect quick service, food that is consistent, and at a low price.  This place delivers on all of these items.
2	RUDE Customer Service!!!!
4	Jennie is all about customer service, treats everyone with great respect, she loves her job and it shows. Great service, great fish and the coldslaw was excelent!Alex is also a favorite person here, always greets us with a big smile."your ladies"
1	Went into Denny's to get my all you can eat pancakes once out of the year for Veterans Day and got denied.  Apparently they already have deeply discounted menu options like there value slam, so they disregard there promise of all you can eat pancakes on Veterans Day(only Denny's near me)
5	Great service and great food !!!! Janet made my family break fast great.c
4	Gotta say, I usually only order pancakes at Denny's and they usually are solid each time. Several times though, I did order a burger in a Vegas Denny's and it was actually hand formed and that was good too. Here at 9am today and can't say anything bad. Dining companion had a big omlette that was well cooked and served with english muffin and hash browns - she said it was good. I wasn't that hungry and went with a short stack of three buttermilk pancakes with fresh sliced bannas on to for $4.50. Waiter refilled my coffee three times and was pleasant and there was also some regular's there that the servers knew by name (I hope I don't become one of them), but it was a nice touch. Menu is now huge and Grand Slam was on special for 5 bucks. Seats in the booth are well worn, so slide your butt to the end of the booth and you should be fine. Not as crowded (half full) as you would expect, but a goiod start to the day and coffee was hot and hit the spot.
4	Great place for breakfast. Modern and comfortable inside. It has free wifi. Easy menu selections for building your own tasty and healthy breakfast. Prices are very reasonable. The staff is friendly and courteous. I love the relaxed atmosphere.
1	Sat at the counter for over an hour while others came in after us and then got served, and we continue waiting, no food.  Got up and left, complained to the manager, he could care less.. never going to another Denny's
3	This location used to suck because it was disgustingly out of date and smelly.  Now it's supa fancy...like, the fanciest dang Denny's I've evah seen ya'll!  But seriously.  They've revamped and it's brand spankin new floors, tables, chairs, etc.  I'm not saying the food taste like a 5 star restaurant but it's helluva upgrade from what it was.  So, if you're looking for a late night spot...God knows we don't have a white castle or that's where you SHOULD be.  So, in the meantime...go to Denny's on McDowell.
3	I don't like Denny's at all. If I wanna get the type of food Denny's serves I'd rather go to some other diner or sports bar type place. I've always found the food here to be overcooked & served lukewarm as if it has been sitting around awhile and just reheated a bit as food is ordered. I mean this for all Denny's, not just this one.  That being said this location was recently renovated (and close by to where I live), and the inside is actually quite nice (I think they also have a patio). The couple times I've been here since the renovation the service has been good (the restaurant also wasn't crowded either time).Still not a fan of the food here, but since it's by my house I don't mind coming in for a cheap Grand Slam breakfast every now and then. I also believe this location now has liquor license since the renovation (at least that's what a waitress had mentioned to me), so there's that...
3	Same Ol Dennys. You can rebuild, and re model, but the Manager remains there. ;( Booo
5	Great service from Melissa!
2	The food is ok. Definitely not worth the wait though. We sat here for nearly an hour while the restaurant emptied out, being told that the manager said no one could be seated yet.
1	Terrible customer service. Being told we cannot be seated in 15 minutes, with at least 5 or 6 tables wide empty and plenty of staff walking around.  Never ever come back.
5	This was the nicest Denny's we've been to, remodeled and looked sharp. The staff and management were on top of everything from drinks to food service. We got our food in less than 5 minutes, which never happens during breakfast, hopefully all Denny's can follow suit to this, as it was a first.
4	I like this Dennys but depends on who the waiter/ress is......we have Antonette as our server and though she was the only one serving she Rocks.....great service great food........big tip coming her way.
5	Excellent place to dine if you want to eat something good and cheap at the same time. I have tried the location in McDowell and Miller Rd twice. The service is very good, people are friendly. Both of times I've been pleasantly surprised. :-)
1	Terrible customer service, we ordered food to go, and after specifically asking if one particular item was in the bag and be assured that it was by the server, it definitely was not.  When we called to ask about having the money for said item refunded to our card, we were told that we could come get it, but they will not refund our money.  Seriously who has time to drive back and forth due to their mistake? And to add insult to injury, when we opened up "Caesar salad" that we had ordered vegetarian specifically, it had bacon on it, and the lettuce was half brown. I will never go to this Denny's again. Well at least we know which Denny's in the crappy Denny's in south scottsdale now.
4	This Denny's is in a great location it's right next to them Frisby park and it was recently remodeled so it's very nice inside there's lots of's seats and it's actually pretty quiet. I would've given five stars but the waiter at this restaurants seem to be very distracted or was too busy or had too many customers but other than that this restaurant location and the atmosphere is a great Denny's
3	It has been 2 years since I came back to this place.  I usually come here just for my free birthday meal.  It's not a fancy place, but I just came to hang out with my friends.  Tonight's server was great, she's very attentive and very helpful.  I would definitely come back here again soon.
3	An average Denny''s. If you like Denny's this is a good one. My feeling is it is best suited for family with very young children as the menu is good for basic tastes.They serve a sector and do it well.
4	Great for the kiddos.  Have excellent service.  Tiffany is the best waitress. She is so good to us every time we come.
