4	Talk about giant size super size my sandwich why don't ya. This Sports Deli shares seating with the Sports booking area at the Rio Casino. Trust me sport fans when I say you can make a bet on your favorite game and order straight from the Sport Deli and chow down on a monster sandwich. This place conveniently serves burgers, bratwursts, wood-fired pizzas and even breakfast sandwiches. A cool feature is the open fire pit in the center kitchen area where you can watch your burgers get its grill on.
5	I wish I lived in Vegas just so I can eat at this place, it's that good. It is a bit pricey for sandwiches & burgers, but you're paying for the quality & the quantity. You get a lot of food, and it tastes great, isn't that what we all want in a meal? I had the roast beef sandwich on white bread, with a side of garlic fries. I'm just warning you right now, nobody will want to talk to you after you eat these fries, they are SUPER garlicy, but they are soooooo good. First off, the roast beef sandwich was just piled high with meat, I can barely fit the sandwich in my mouth to take a bite it was just stuffed with roast beef. Man the sandwich is good, you can tell it's high quality roast beef, it tasted fresh and it was nice and pink just the way I like it. Now we go to the garlic fries... WOW, these were good. After they fry up the potatoes they throw them in a metal bowl with a lot of fresh raw garlic & some parmesan cheese, then they mixed it all up and served it piping hot. A little dip in the ketchup and OMG, I think it brought tears to my eyes... oh it's cause of the raw garlic LOL seriously though, if you like garlic, you will enjoy it. I'll be back in May!
2	I went back to the Rio to change and get a quick bite, and this place looked safe. Run of the mill as it gets, but the prices are a total joke. It's a burger and fries, for 14 bucks! If I pay 14 bucks for a burger and fries at a walk up joint, it should at least be sufficiently kick ass. Not at all.
4	I've been waiting for these garlic fries for months, so maybe I was putting too much pressure on the fries, was it better because I ordered it togo last time? Was it a different cook that gave me more garlic & parmesan cheese by accident? Whatever the case, I ordered the garlic fries & roast beef sandwich just as I had when I came here in October and although the roast beef sandwich was superb and tasted exactly the same as I remembered... the garlic fries were a big disappointment. There was barely any garlic or parmesan cheese on it, the fries itself were cooked to a nice crispy texture but lacking the garlic flavor it was trying to portray. I ate my sandwich and downed the non-garlic fries and called it good, maybe it's me... maybe it wasn't meant to be, I left satisfied but not nearly as happy as I would have imagined. So for this my Sports Deli, I will have to deduct 1 star... in the future, we shall meet again and maybe, just maybe... my garlic fries will rise again!
2	I was staying at Rio last week and had a very late dinner around 10:30pm-ish. We ordered one chicken strips, one buffalo chicken finger, and an onion rings. Was served very slow... very very slow and they lapse my order while chit chatting, and I was just standing right in front of them, watching them prepare my food. Very bad experience. Received our food around 11:00pm and all the chicken strip was very dry and hard. Very over cooked. Same for buffalo chicken finger too and its buffalo sauce was too sour/spicy to be tasty. Onion rings was okay but I would rather go to the AAB&G just right across the sports deli as it may cost less than $5 for the same thing but much better.Anyone who wants to visit this place - remember DO NOT ORDER FRIED CHICKEN STRIPS. Their sandwich or pizza might be better but I don't think I am going to give them another try recently.
3	So this place is pricey for being fast food kind of. The food is decent though.  The cheese sticks are good but not for $6. I tried the chili and that wasn't all that great. It was $5 and it was not so good. The one thing that was really good was the ceasar salad. It was about $6 or so which is not bad at all. If I would have to go back I would definitely go back for the salad and nothing more.
1	Sort of a fast food walk up place where you order then pick up and you get your own table.  Well, you order pretty fast, but you don't get your order fast.  We spent like $35 for a meal for two just becuase it was new years eve and we needed a quick bite.  The $35 was for a combo and one sandwhich.  We sat down and was like maybe they ordered two onion rings and not one  Long time later we get our food.  Nope, one order of rings.  Food was pretty sad too.  I don't mind spending the money but come on.  There weren't that many onion rings plus the philly cheese steak wasn't that good.   I have to say the rings were the best thing there.  The only time you might think this place is good is if you are totally drunk and there is nothing else open in the area.  You can't bring kids there too cuase its part of the sports bar.  We saw some family get kicked out.
4	First off, lets premise this that the deli is a walk up to a counter and order.  Let's also conceed it's more expensive than any burger king or char broiler that you have on the local corner.  I ordered the angus cheeseburger medium.  Yes, they ask how you want it cooked. I got the cole slaw and a drink too.  What's neat about this place is you can watch your food being prepared. They have several of those rotating grills like you would see at the Mongolian BBQ. They have flat top and open flame for so they can cook a burger on the open flame or a quesadilla on the flat top.    I was watching them make my burger.  What was initially disturbing was the patty they put on the open flame grill was precooked and sitting in a container.  They put it on the grill to heat it up and to melt the cheese. I'm worried that the patty will not be medium (pink in the middle) because it was pre cooked.   Amazingly when I bite into it, it's juicy and pink. I would never guessed it was pre cooked.  The cole slaw was a good mayonaise based slaw and it was crunchy enough for me to put it in the burger.  It was an excellent burger with slaw.  Based on all the factors I laid out at the beginning, I felt my burger was worth what I paid and it was better than any counter service burger.
3	This place is open til about 11pm on weekdays so it's open pretty late if you get hungry and want to get something munch on.  The sandwiches here are pretty big if you get the ones with three layers of bread.  It's good enough to keep you full for the night while you sleep in and wake up to a real breakfast or lunch.  The wings were tangy and hot which were pretty good.  Fries is normal and the sandwiches were pretty filling with a lot of meat.  For dessert the Neapolitan was tasty but really heavy for one person.
4	chicken wings
3	I came here because it was the most convenient place to go to and it was right next to the sportsbook. This isn't really a place you should go to if it's out of the way. The items don't come with sides, so you have to order it.I ordered the triple decker sandwich which contained pastrami and brisket. The pastrami was decent, but the brisket killed the sandwich for me. The spicy fries weren't really that spicy. It just had a little cayenne pepper. Not really worth it.  You should order the garlic parmesan fries instead.
3	Computers went down throughout the whole hotel..so NO credit that night. It took so long to order, the lines were long and it took forever to wait in line (since everyone had to pay cash). Food not bad. The brat and half pound hot dogs were good. The fries were goo too! Other than that...it was an okay experience. Sports Deli is right next to the Sports Book..so check out the games while you're hoarding down ur half pounder hot dog!!!
4	The food the Sports Deli does best on are the finger foods and sandwiches.  The buffalo wings we just ordered were spot on.  As good as any wings I've had.  My preference is to get the wings dry with the sauce on the side, that way the wings will stay crispy longer.  We also got the #8 Silver State (beef, pastrami, brisket, swiss) which was pretty good.  It kind of reminded me of NYC deli's...yeah, that good!  Next time though I'm going to grab a bite of the #7 Boulder City (pastrami, fried egg, bacon, cheddar)...a recipe to clog my arteries even more.  You're going down #7!...inside my stomach, that is, next time I'm near the Sports Deli.The pizzas and burgers are just OK.  Not worth an attempt in my opinion, but then it again it's not my appetite or stomach.  To each his own!  But I'll stick to the sandwiches and finger foods.
4	1 Boulder City (pastrami w/ egg sandwich) + 12 wings (with sauce on the side)= a little over $20. For a casino eatery, this is a really good deal in my book. The wings were crispy and just a tad too salty, but as a fried chicken lover, I give these 2 thumbs up! No complaints about the sandwich either. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but it's a solid choice for my next stay at Rio, especially if I don't have time to leave the hotel for a meal.
3	This place is pretty good to grab some quick food, I actually went here twice while I was in Vegas, first time I got some chicken tenders, pretty filling, they are a lot bigger than most fast food places and they give about 5 pieces. The next time I got the beer dunk bratwursts and honestly, that thing was pretty plain, not even relish and ketchup could help it, needs some spice in it or something, comes with a full pickle at least. Nice people work behind the counter, they also recommend stuff they think is better and tell you what isn't that great or fan favoriteA-Ok in my books
3	located in the RIO.. prices average $8-10 for sandwiches, pizzas, chicken wings/fingers, fries, salads or wraps... the pizzas are placed in the wood fire grill... Good spot if you want to grab a quick bite before going out...
4	i love this place! people are always asking wheres a fast/good/cheap place to eat in vegas when theyre in a rush to get ready before clubbing or whatever. besides earl of sandwich.. this sports deli located in the rio hotel is awesome! get one of the triple deckers. theyre about $13 with no fries or drink. kinda expensive but its soo good.
3	Nice place to eat. Wasn't amazing or anything, but I liked their pizza. Got a 12 inch pie for just 10 bucks and the bread dough they use for the pizza was quite tasty. Good stuff, wouldn't mind eating there again :)
4	Sports Deli is a great alternative to the Rio's shoddy buffet. Featuring reasonably priced pizza, burgers, sandwiches, and salads, everything I had here was great, from the pizza to the burgers. Plus, service is fast and you can take your delicious food where you want inside the casino.
5	I really enjoyed my italian sub a lot, I got the 7"" and chowed down half of it in seconds. The second half was just as good while I ate it in the poker room.
5	this place is awesome! everything i've had here, i've loved!!!!chicken wings are fried to a cripsy perfection.. tasty.the boulder city is amaaaaaazing! pastrami.. fried egg.. cheddar.. bacon... AHHHH YUMMOVERLOADtheir triple decker is also delicious.. pastrami, brisket, and swiss.. so good..the hot dog is delicious. and HUGE as well!chili cheese fries, were yummmmm. fat fries with chili generously slathered on top.. with some cheese.. their burgers are all good too.. and HUGEEman i can't think of one thing i've had here that wasn't good.. and/or HUGE.. so bad for you, but oh what the hell... so is all the alcohol you're going to be drinking this weekend... i say, DO IT. you won't regret it.. now if you are a girl and are planning to slip into your little black dress that evening, DO YOURSELF THE FAVOR AND SHARE YOUR MEAL! loldefinitely a must try!!!!!!
1	Horrible experience at my go-to sandwich place in Vegas, pretty sad about it. I ordered my usual roast beef sandwich and my friend got the cobb salad. First of all, the service was not acceptable at all. The lady had a butt-face and everytime she asked a question about how I wanted my sandwich, it's like she was yelling at me, rude! I didn't even do anything, I'm just trying to order some food biotch. After getting scowled by the cashier we picked up our food. My bread was dry, like yesterday's bread, my roast beef was too well done. Anyone who eats roast beef knows that it should be pink to light red, that's the way you eat roast beef. My friend's salad was a hot mess, too much lettuce, too much olives, not a whole lot going on there and the salad dressing was nasty. I was so disappointed because I knew this place was better than this. I won't be coming back here again. Sorry, your service and food quality sucks ass, there's too many good restaurants in Vegas to be wasting my money on something so shitty.
5	Due to the limited dining options in the Rio hotel (buffet, burger king & all american grill... that's it i think) we ended up eating here about 3 or 4 times. The food was actually really, really good!! Its located right next to the sports book. Prices are pretty much whats expected in Vegas.Try the meatball sandwich and the spicy fries!!
4	Okay so it's about what you'd expect from a quickfire sports bar - tasty burgers (I'm not used to having to add my own condiments so it's a good thing I grabbed some packets on my way back up to the room), great cream puff things, and the corned beef sandwich smells AMAZING!  The only iffy thing about them was the cheese fries...to be honest I was not expecting, being Canadian and having a completely different concept of cheese fries, to receive fries that were a little damp like they'd come out of a steamer (probably from going straight into a takeout box) coated in the most tasteless nacho cheese in the world.  everything else they do is amazing, tasty, and i would eat there again in a heartbeat.  They even had rootbeer! I love rootbeer.... but I will never have the cheese fries again.  All in all I highly recommend this as the best cheap eats in the Rio.
4	Great food and great service!!  Love this place :)
4	Stayed at the Rio for my husbands Exel trade show. Got dinner late 2 nights from here. BEST brisket/pastrami sandwhich! And the cole slaw was the best I have ever had!! I recommend this place if you like beef!
4	Located adjacent to Rio's Sport Book.  Obviously, it's titled the Sports Deli.Usually only one line, but when it's game time, it's a long line.  The good news with a longer than usual line is that you're given enough time to decide what to order. What to Order?-1/2 Hot Dog:  Yes it's that big and grilled to perfection. Not a hot dog fan, but you can't watch a sporting event without eating a hot dog.-Fries: My favorite, steak fries!!-Onions Rings:  Huge, good, but not good for you.  That's the best kind-Burgers: Made to order and takes about 5 minutes.  Good portions.  -Fried Chicken Wings: Probably their best item.  Tasty, fresh, and breaded just right.Prices are a bit high in my opinion ($10 for a burger), but locals get 25% off and if you have an Total Rewards Card, even cheaper.  If I'm at the Rio and want that quick something to feed my belly, I have to make a decision.   Do I wait 30+ minutes for the Carnival Buffet or do I get in and out at this deli.  I choose the deli every time.
3	after long day of work, talk and walk....desire for quick food and rest...sports deli at rio sports betting...counter order and self seating...discount for total rewards...forgot card and not getting...pastrami and swiss on rye order $eleven.eighty-eight regular pricing...order to-go and waiting...boxed sandwich and bag after five minutes wait...up to the room to open...finding a pickle and small sandwich...nicely browned, but over greased or buttered rye...some layering of pastrami slicing...expecting more for near $twelve sandwich...a good small sandwich and pickle wedge...time to rest and nap...
4	Excellent sandwiches!  I recommend the corned beef on rye or grilled ham and cheese.  Most guys like the cheese steaks.  The salads are decent here too.  I don't like the reheated pizza slices here but if you order a whole pizza fresh it's very good.
4	Right next to the sports book, so we were able to catch some of the basketball games while we were there.  There is some tables where you can sit, and still catch the action in the sports book.  We snagged a table in the sports book that said reserved, but it wasn't busy so we didn't get hassled.We ordered cheeseburgers, chicken wraps, fries, onion rings and a salad.  I would order everything again except the salad.  Prices were a little on the higher side, but it was actually tasty bar food.  Hit the stomach after a night of downing beer after comped beer.
2	A deli right next to the sports book = Sports Deli.Hmmm there really wasn't a choice for a quick meal and I didn't really trust the Vietnamese spot next door so decided to grab a sandwich.  Went for the pastrami + egg triple decker and damn it is a huuuge sandwich.  Essentially a pastrami sandwich and then on top of it are your veggies and a fried egg, then covered with another loaf of bread.  Tasted whatevers.  The pastrami is your generic deli pastrami, and pretty fatty too.  The egg is pan fried but I wished the yolk was only half cooked.  It's over $10 for the sandwich, so a bit pricey, but it is inside a casino, so that's to be expected.  Again, huge sandwich, so you won't feel hungry after that's for sure.  Add fries and a drink for $5 more.Saw someone eat this crazy footlong hot dog.  That looked much better.
4	One of the better places to eat at the Rio.  Huge selection of sandwiches, pizza, wraps and bar food.  Prices are decent, but the portions are huge!!!  You can sit and relax and watch a few games at the sports book or take it to go and eat in your room.My friends and I eat here more than any other place when we stay at the Rio.  It's inexpensive and food is above average and huge portions.  Check it out for yourself.
4	The food was good, the service was quick, the place was pretty empty, and the staff were nice! When I'm back at the Rio again, I'll definitely catch another bit to eat here.
4	Good food here. The Italian sub is very good. Quesadillas are good as well. Cheapest besides Burger King in The Rio.
2	Sandwich was ruined by my getting it "grilled" sandwich was soggy with butter...most disgusting thing ever. Insanely greasy. A napkin didn't even help!!
4	Try the Tahoe sandwich !  Inside the Rio sports book area. The place is pretty quick and obviously fresh. I love eating from there. Not the cheapest, but hey your in vegas betting so at least your gonna win when you eat a great sandwich!!..  My wife had the salds and it was huge so you could try that but I'm in vegas so beer and calories are on the menu.. :).. From what I can see, the area they make the food is clean and well organized. You eat pretty much in the sports book area, although they do have one table set aside in a side are for familes/parents with kids. Thought that was pretty nice..
4	I didn't expect much from this place but my brother had been and loved it. Service wasn't great but i wasn't there for that i suppose, food was surprisingly good so if I was staying at the Rio I eat here again.
4	Food is made fresh... its good, quick and easy!  Only drawback is that you are essentially eating on the casino floor  ...but got to watch a hockey game while I ate.
3	Not bad but overpriced as with anything else in the casinos. What you'd expect from a regular burger joint. Pretty good bread.
3	I would say this place is more of a 3.5 stars but not quite a 4. We were starving when we showed up at the rio. Grabbed a burger and fries. For 2 burgers and a side of fries is was $26. A little over prices but it was really good. Very fresh tasting and cooked just right. I would eat there again. Next time I would try their hotdog. It looked awesome.
3	It's ok. Service was not to friendly, not unfriendly but blah... It's a bar. Your supposed to be friendly and inviting. Slow for food to come out... Food was good and huge burger. Problem was that it was so big it needed to be cut for someone like me with little hands to eat and the basket it was in was wire... Cut through the paper on the bottom, it was messy. I had to ask for a plate. It's def a guys place for their massive burgers. Oh and my mushrooms were cold on my mushroom Swiss burger... Ugh
4	We ate here multiple times this week.  Great service, prices weren't crazy, nice size servings, food good.
2	Just had the mush/Swiss burger ugh! What a disappointment not enough mushrooms and the meat was well done when I asked for med rare. The bun that was suppose to be toasted was burnt, the only thing this place has going for it is the pizza and the onion rings.
3	I come here every time I need a quick bite to eat at the Rio.  I usually just order up a 18 inch pizza. For about ~20 bucks you could feed 4-5 people, which is probably the best deal.  They also have sandwiches, salads, and all those regular deli type stuff.
2	I'd skip it.You think it will be fast since it is not full service.  It won't be. You think that surely there must be something healthy available.  There won't be.  And you'll have the pleasure of breathing a ton of smoke while you choke down about 2000 calories of (whatever you order).You'd think it might be cheap since the casino wants to keep you there so that they can keep making money on gambling.  It isn't.
4	Best pizza I have ever had!!!! I'm not sure if it was because I was hungry but the pizza here was simply amazing!! They're open all night so it was nice when we were hungry at 4 in the morning. The workers were kind and helpful and we didn't get any rude looks when we were browsing their huge menu. They were patient with us even though it was 4am and we were a little drunk. A must have if you're ever in rio in the wee hours of the night and starving!
2	Packaged pastrami individually packaged then microwaved??? Naaa....no thanks. Charge me 11 for a tiny microwavable? Double no
4	Man, the portion sizes at this deli shop is ridiculous.  We wanted something light to eat after seeing a late show so I suggested getting a sandwich and a beer.  My buddy got the hot dog and I ordered a turkey club.  The bill was $30 bucks, so I was like, what the hell?  Then the food came out and I saw why...the hot dog was huge!  The sandwich was like a 2 footer stacked mile high.  I was like, are you guys kidding me?!?  I could only eat a quarter of the sandwich even though it was better than I expected because it was just too late.
3	(From my tip posted 1/7/2014)Had a pepperoni slice with extra bacon topping. About $7. Order at the counter and wait around till your number is called. Slow, even though I was the only customer at about 5pm. Pizza slice was great, not too greasy or too doughy.
3	The quality could be better.  I ordered a hot dog with cheddar and bacon, hot pastrami w/ Swiss, steak fries and a giant chocolate chip cookie.  It was ok...
3	Place is pretty good- but expensiveI got a quesadilla for $14 bucks it was chicken - cheese and tortillachicken wings were not good. Taste like Costco chicken wings and it was very sourSandwiches were pretty goodExpensive- good place to go if you don't want to drive and you stay at rio
5	Great food. We eat here whenever we are at the Rio. Sometimes a little slow but always worth the wait. Fresh tasting burgers, pepperoni pizza is bomb. Maybe a bit over priced but it is open 24 hours and always feel satisfied.
4	Great sandwiches, and Things.Giant Sandwiches.Their Giant Hot Dogs are Killer, with any toppings you are in the mood for.Their French fries were very good also.One of my favorite late nite snacks from this great place was The Chicken Wings.  You order by one, two, or Three Dozen at a time whatever flavor you like. They are big and juicy and cooked perfectly.Open most nights all night from 8:00am till 6:00am in the morning.Well worth the stop if your hungry.
