4	This is a fantastic place, which I really hope survives and does well, we need more of this food to be widely available. Being a raw vegan cafe, it's catering for a pretty niche market, and is also tucked away with no shop front, but it is well worth walking up the close to get to, and it's less than 3 mins walk from Haymarket station, so very accessible.My first dish was the onion bread and vegetable crackers with cashew cheese, which was excellent. It was a good sized portion - just right - and the onion bread was particularly tasty. I was delighted to learn that the cheese had been fermented, so extra healthy for my tummy. It was served with courgette crisps, alfalfa sprouts and a lovely chilli sauce, and there were 3 varieties of cracker - spinach, beetroot, and something else I can't remember. All very good.I then had the chocolate and lemon torte, which was served with cashew cream and beautifully presented. And completely delicious! The filling was made with avocado rather than nuts, so it wasn't heavy at all.The menu also has other items that you're not going to get anywhere else, such as flavoured water kefirs, and of course a variety of fresh raw juice.Definitely worth a visit. We should be supporting this place!
5	I was literally dragged here by my girlfriend who wanted me to try something new. I am not a vegan myself and I was quite worried that I would end up eating some boring salad with taste-less cucumber. Well, it turned out that I ate one of the best meals I can possibly remember: the food was superb, really tasty and filling, though light and impeccable in quality. It was presented well on the plate, in a manner that resembled a work of art. We have even been able to order raw organic ravioli, which were not on the menu, on facebook by contacting them, who were very willing to always try new recipes. The pudding (pecan pie with coconut icecream) was the cherry on the icing. The menu changes frequently, another indicator that, despite my misconceptions, raw food can never be boring at all.The staff were incredibly friendly and welcoming, it was a pleasure to chat with them. They have been really nice and they can be sure that I will come back pretty soon.
4	I've only visited for tea, so I can't comment on the food, but I thought I should let you all know this novel cafe will sadly be closing on Sunday 25th August 2013 at 6pm.  They will be looking for new premises in the future... but in the meantime they will be offering raw food demonstrations, workshops, retreats, talks and events to help educate and inspire people on the benefits of raw food. If you haven't been to ORB cafe you can still go until 25th August between Thurs and Sunday 11am -6pm and Fri and Sat 11-9pm.  Try something new, you might like it!
