3	The Post Office near here is always extremely busy so when you're in a hurry this store is a good option. I use the store quite frequently and the staff are friendly to me. However I do see a lot of impatience shown to other clients. They get upset if your phone rings at the counter. HELLO , this is Summerlin, many folk have phones PERMANENTLY attached to their ears. A guy today was dismissed very quickly when he asked if he could leave his USPS parcel there for pick up. " They only drop off here, they won't pick up" was the explanation. Every USPS carrier I've met will take your parcel, mail if asked, but hey what do I know?UPS seems to be a little more expensive for similar services to FedEx and certainly a lot more than USPS but you pay for convenience. If you have time and gas there are better options.
3	I can say that both employees I've seen regularly (particularly the guy) have always been cordial, although the other one isn't nearly as friendly, at least initially.  I say "initially" because after warming up (a brief conversation, for example) things seem to be ok.  I haven't experienced out-and-out rudeness, but I do understand where the criticism comes from.
5	I've been to this store many times and never had a problem!   Even when they're busy I know it's worth the wait to get my issues fixed and have the piece of mind that I don't have to worry about a package or overnight letter arriving on time.  They may be out On my way! Way a bit, but at least I don't have to worry about getting top notch service!Very friendly service too......"
5	Always Nice and Courteous! Love Shipping my stuff here, much less of a wait than that poor always swamped post office!!
3	The staff is friendly. But PLEASE NOTE: the UPS stores cannot accept any liquids or restricted shipping items. All of these can only be shipped from the main center.
4	Always helpful, friendly staff.  Great if you need mailbox but don't want to hassle with the busy post office and easy to ship/mail/fax, etc!
5	By far the friendliest USPS post office in town, as far as post offices go. If you come around noon expect longer wait times as reps go on break. Their shelves are always fully stacked for all your packaging needs, passport services, large selection of greeting cards and P.O boxes are avaliable at this location.
