4	Sluggos is a great Mesa sports bar with a Chicago theme.  The perfect place to grab a drink with your already wasted Cubby buddies after a spring training game since the field is just blocks away from the bar.  Decent bar food (I like the wings and chicken fingers...see a theme? cluck cluck) and a juke box so you can pick your own tunes.  Friendly staff and a bunch of regulars who will make you feel at home right away.  Kind of tricky to find so mapquest the address before you waste time driving around Mesa.
4	Whatever you do, don't talk smack about Chicago or the beloved Cubs at this Mesa sports bar, which is a haven for Cubby fans.Here's a bit of history for you -- its original owners were none other than legendary sports announcer Harry Caray and former Major League pitcher/current Cubs announcer Steve Stone.Sports memorabilia decorates the walls. There's games a plenty to watch and a jukebox. Sluggo's is a big destination for people wanting to watch the game or just hang out before or after a spring training game. They offer the usual bar food and the drinks are pretty cheap.
5	If you're a cubs fan, you will love this place.  The service is good, customers are friendly and food is nice.  I've heard it's great to go here before and after Cubs spring training games and that there is a shuttle that will bring you to and from.  Have yet to check it out, but will be doing so this March.
1	I stopped by @  Diamond's Sports Grill aka Sluggo's Sports Grill to try out a new place with friends and ordered a sourdough burger with fries.   Well...  I just google image searched "sourdough burger" and yep - what I had last night did not look like ANYTHING on the first 18 results.  I know, sounds ridiculous but hey, I just wanted to double check because what I ate last night was ridiculously greasy to the point that the bread was soaked, the bread was barely toasted, the shape of the bread was entirely different to the shape of the burger and it brought back memories of eating short hot dogs with long hot dog buns back in the day when I was in college.  I appreciated the pleasant memories from college but now that I'm 31, I'd like to have food that's a bit better in quality.  The fries were unremarkable.So food aside, I was paying the bill and the server did the one thing I absolutely abhor when I go out to eat.  For a $15.xx bill, I gave her a $20 and she asked me if I needed change.Now ok.  I'm not going to be living in the streets over $4.xx but at the same time, I find it very annoying when someone asks for a 30% tip when the service was poor.Don't go unless every place, and I really mean EVERY PLACE IN THE AREA THAT SELLS ANYTHING EDIBLE, is closed or you love curt service and bad food.To be fair, the place wasn't all bad news bears, I got to meet up with my friends!  :)
4	Sluggo's recently changed names to Diamond's. I have not visited the pub in well over a year, so when I saw a very recent negative review, I almost went elsewhere. I am so glad I did not! I have found a great place to grab a great burger, surf the web, and watch sports.I visited last week (12/8). The Sourdough burger was the best! Another reviewer had nothing good to say about the Sourdough burger with fries. But it sounded good to me so I ordered it. It was an awesome burger! The sourdough bread was pretty darn good, considering we're nowhere near San Francisco (the heart of the best sourdough bread in the world). The fabulous grilled onions did cause the bread to be somewhat soggy, so if you don't like soggy, leave the grilled onions off. I added some sauteed mushrooms to make my burger extra juicy.Our server was great too! She was very attentive, but left my business partner and I to get our work done while making sure our iced tea glasses stayed full. After our meeting, we popped back in for a couple of beers and again had great service.I would give it 5 stars if the locale was a bit more modern. The place could use some updating, but it is a great local sports bar!
5	OK, I confess. This is my personal watering hole. It's close enough that I could easily bike there on a "Booze Cruiser", if I only had one.What's coolest about this place is that on any given night, you may run into someone you'll never meet again. How is this you say? In downtown Mesa? The Mesa Convention center,and Mesa Marriott are right across the street. I've met teachers from Sacramento, an Antiques dealer from LA, a tatto artist from Chicago-- and of course, tons of good natured Cubs fans.And even though I don't normally go to a bar looking for a serendipitous cuisine experience, I'm giving five stars because the food really is very decent for a bar. The Steak salad has real strips of steak cooked to order, tomatoes, red onions, and blue cheese crumbles. Bleu cheese crumbles in a baseball bar? Yep. The ladies that work here are all really cool and get to know you by name. There are huge Displays everywhere......even in the Men's room. I'm just sayin.Other than that- the regulars would remind you of some of the more far-fetched Simpson's characters- no joke.And even though a name like "Diamonds" might remind you of a sleazy strip club- even on busy weekend nights, it just isn't the type of place that ever needs bouncers. Pretty chill overall.
5	I've taken the shuttle for 2 years now, and it's a great way to safely get to and from hohokam.I had the texas burger, which is a couple onion rings, some green chilli's and cheese.  It was delicious!  Their fries are yum too.  They had a special on bloody mary's.  2.50.  Can't beat that.  Overall, Diamonds is a great little spot, that makes me feel closer to home.
5	Love this place!  With more advertising during Spring training, this place could be an AZ Murphy's.Go there before a 1pm game and have their great b-fast then take the free shuttle to and back from the game!
