4	I'll start by saying I don't work at this shop & I don't know the owner.  In fact, I don't know anyone at the shop.  I stopped in because it was close.Staff -  The staff was pretty nice.  Normal dive shop stuff....friendly.  Overall, they were trustworthy & that's a key value dial for me.Quality - I had my regulator services & I was impressed.  The price was good ($40), they did it on-time and called me.....and they also included the parts that were replaced, without me even asking.Price - I was impressed.  I bought some rash guards..and they were the lowest price I could find...including the internet.The only reason I did not give 5 stars is because they have limited equipment.  It's not bad...but it's not the full line that you would get at say El Mar.Last point - they have a bus that goes to San Carlos.  With current gas prices...and headaches of driving down there, seems like a good option.Once I take a trip, I'll updateIn summary, if you're in Chandler area, this is a great option.  Overall, I was very happy with them.
1	the owner is worthless... i spent 8 hours straight tinting their bus (no lunch, no bathroom breaks, no breaks period!) trying to get their bus tinted on short notice at that... what do i get get for payment? NOTHING!!! the owner and his employee (which are both twice my size) try to haggle the price down to nothing. finally when the price goes so low my time was better spent taking all the tint off, they both corner me in the bus and tell me if i don't leave they're going to throw me off the bus... sounds crazy right? my only advice is carry a firearm if you're a private business owner, because the cops are going to tell you to file a lawsuit and take it up in court... nothing like working a full day in the arizona heat for no pay... i hope the owner burns in hell in that fu*&^ng bus...
4	I did a refresher course with Joe in mid-late 2009, in preparation for an easy dive at the Georgia Aquarium.  While I am Advanced Open Water certified, I end up getting in a dive trip only once every couple of years. :(  I was due for a refresher.It seemed a little weird at first - I got different explanations of what times were available for a refresher (small miscommunication between staff), and when we got something arranged, I found out that I would meet him at his house and do the practice work in the pool.  Wasn't really sure what to think, initially.However, when I met Joe, my worries were put to rest.  He was very friendly, easy-going, and extremely helpful.  As we practiced the different skills, he had a great teacher's sense - knowing when to take things easy so I didn't feel pressured to try something too uncomfortable, and knowing when to push so I could really develop my confidence in my skills.  He was very positive throughout the refresher and completely set me at ease.I have recommended him to a friend of mine who is looking to become scuba certified, and would not hesitate to recommend him to anyone else seeking scuba courses.  In my opinion, I have never had a bad scuba instructor, but I can still say Joe was the best out of all of them.
1	Surprised that this is still listed, they have been closed for a couple of years now... Hmmm..
1	Don't bother trying to go to the location at 500 N 56th St, Chandler, AZ 85226. This is not a physical "store". However, you can call the number and someone will answer. They just don't sell to the public.
