5	My wife (a physician) and I choose Amomi after leaving another OBGYN.  My wife had experience with two OBGYN practices as she lost our first very early term fetus and had used two separate practices for care prior to Amomi.   My wife is considered a higher risk due to her age (38).  We came to Amomi after hearing from numerous people in the medical field about how much Drs. Harris and Francois care about patients.  We also heard about their top notch medical training, philosophy for treating patients as individuals, their listening to the needs of patients and choosing to dedicate their careers toward caring for those riskier patients that are in the greatest need. Our baby is now 3 weeks old; I have taken the time to only write a few yelp reviews but I feel compelled to commend this excellent medical practice which exceeded our very high expectations which were set by our deep experience with doctors and the reputation Amomi has in the west.Obviously, a higher risk pregnancy requires more doctor medical visits than most.  100% of our visits were un-rushed, thorough, considerate and given in the most comfortable and well designed environment.  We were cared for by Dr. Harris and her excellent nurse (a PHD) who are well synchronized in their passion for treating women.  Dr. Cathleen Harris has to be one of the most intelligent physicians we have met and someone who has the unusual skill to balance the science and the art of medicine.  She was comfortable with all questions, taking her time to ensure that we understood.  She is open and respectful of patients in explaining risks and letting her patient know that they are the ultimate decision maker.  Dr. Harris has the intellectual horsepower to go as deep or lite into the science as desired by the patients and/or other medical providers.Of course I must also add that Dr. Harris delivered my wife which was the highlight of our experience with her.  When we placed the first call (1am) to discuss the beginning of labor her partner Dr. Francois was warm, knowledgeable and friendly in answering our questions.  Once we were in the hospital Dr. Harris was timely, attentive, immediately available at all times (staying in the room for hours) and coached and monitored the long labor.  Dr. Harris stayed within immediate contact with my wife for almost 7 hours, helping her through labor & constantly weighing the risks and issues that were inherent in our baby's delivery.  Dr. Harris took extra and unusual care in assuring that my wife had ample time to attempt vaginal delivery which took much time and work by our wonderful doctor; most doctors might have moved quickly to C section.  While our baby was delivered vaginally we had the full confidence that Dr. Harris would take the delivery to a successful C section if needed.   Our baby was delivered at 12:05pm and Dr. Harris was with us from 6am.  She visited us each of the next two days.  As the father I have never had such confidence in a doctor;  I am the CEO of a healthcare company with ample experience with physicians.  Dr. Harris is the best I have dealt with.  I must also add that for the next 2 days while we were in the hospital we heard from the nurses about their admiration of Dr. Harris and her practice.  One of our nurses said that Dr. Harris deals with the high risk pregnancies she tends to be the most patient, kind to staff, most likely to honor patient wishes.  Of course, the nurses also said Dr. Harris is an excellent surgeon when emergencies arise.  Amomi was one of the best customer experiences we have ever had.  Dr. Harris has attended some of the top training programs in the country and we benefited greatly from this and from her work ethic.  I highly recommend Dr. Harris if a family can be so lucky as to get in with her.
5	I love this place.  From the moment I walk in, a serene feeling overcomes me, and I am immediately taken back to spa paradise by one of the many gentle staff members.I mainly use it for spa purposes, but Dr. Harris and Dr. Francois are also wonderful!The spa is always offering specials like "buy one service, get one service" (mix and matchable sometimes.)For the month of September they are offering 25% off certain services.  Call and make your appointment today!
5	I was sent to Amomi spa from my OBGYN for my  first pregnancy to get all of my ultrasounds.  I felt very at ease the first time I walked in because of the very clean place and friendly staff. Every ultrasound technician I have had has been really great and knowledgable.  I really like that they have high tech equipment with big plasma tv's on the wall so I could see a big,clear picture of the baby. Also, the  large spacious rooms are really nice. On a side note, they have great products to buy in the lobby.Now pregnant with my 2nd baby, my OB referred me to 2 different places this time for my ultrasounds. Without hesitation I knew I wanted to go back to Amomi spa again to get all of my ultrasounds. I have already been twice this time around and looking forward to going again in a few weeks.
1	Ok, first and foremost this is a review of my TOTAL experience, not just my consultation. I was referred to Amomi by my OBGYN. Prior to being seen, they request your insurance information, contact your insurance carrier to make sure that the services are covered, then they call you back with a YAY or NAY. Well, I was called back with a YAY, went in and met with Dr. Harris, and a few months later...get the $500 bill for my 45 minute chit chat with her (she seemed nice, but $500? for what?).Believing this must be an error (how is it possible that $0 was covered when they assured me that they had contacted my insurance carrier?), I contacted the billing department, they said they would fix the error, and I went along my merry little way...and a couple of months later got ANOTHER bill...and an additional $40 late fee...so then I spoke with their billing department again, they told me that they saw the history and information from my previous discussions with them and to write them a letter to get the issue resolved, I wrote the letter and guess what...still not resolved. I'm livid. Not to mention that there was nothing about the 45 minute consultation that I didn't already know, really didn't feel like there were any questions she asked me to learn about any concerns I might have, and I didn't receive ANY sort of benefit from this expensive, worthless lesson.  I feel taken advantage of and upset about the entire situation.
1	I'm not sure how great the spa is at this office, but the OB care was subpar.  Dr Harris neglected to place a cerclage (after it worked with our last one) and this resulted in us having a premature baby born at 29 weeks. Very disappointed and will not be going back with any future pregnancies. Is this practice actually a high risk OB GYN? I'm definitely skeptical of them having this title....
2	I will give Dr. Francois a 5-star, she's great! Very sweet and caring.  The front staff a 1-star.  They are the opposite of Dr. Francois.  I called to schedule an appointment and I told them I was in the neighborhood and could drop off my doctors order.  They said no, just have it faxed, when I mention that I didn't have access to a fax and can still drop off the order they told me to call my doctor and have it faxed. They are so unwilling to work with you and make it easy for you to schedule an appointment.  Also they said that once they receive the order that they would call me but that never happened.  I'm a busy person working full-time now with my second pregnancy, a toddler, school...they need to remember that people are busy and don't have time to wait by the phone to see when it is convenient for them to call you.  Still no follow-up!  I went to Amomi with my first pregnancy and two years ago it was the same story with the front office staff.  If they're that busy they need to get more people up there.  I don't think customer service is their number one priority.  But when you are expecting you would think that this type of service would cater to its patients.  So my review includes my previous experience and now my second current experience, still not impressed.
