5	This is my favorite Chinese place here in Madison. My sister told me about this place but never went til about 4 years ago. We don't go there very often but they always remember us. The wait staff is very friendly,which I have never experienced in a Chinese restaurant ever. They know customer service to the T. I never have to ask for anything. The tea cup is always full. Service is prompt and quick with a smile. Food is the BEST. Take out is very quick too.
4	This is a great place to come for a well-priced Chinese meal. It's definitely nicer than Panda Express, but not really upscale either. The portions are also very generous, and we left more than satisfied.
4	Update. The West side location has changed ownership and name. Hong Kong Cafe West - "Now Lee's Garden"Voted Best Asian Restaurant of Madison 7475 Mineral Point Road, Madison, WI, 53717 (608) 829-1168- http://www.foodspot.com/Clients/WI/Madison/leesgarden/default.aspx?accid=21603The only location left is...Hong Kong Cafe2 South Mills Street, Madison, WI, 53715 (608) 259-1668- http://www.foodspot.com/Clients/WI/Madison/HongKongCafe/default.aspx?accid=12309The Sun Prairie location became a Japanese restaurant according to my sources.This review only covers the Lee's Garden location, not any of the other locations or former locations. ---------Hong Kong Cafe earned the Best of Madison Award (for Oriental Restaurants) after only one year in business. Now having said that, let's get into the review. I'll keep it succinct . Hours are strange. Website is totally stupid and nonfunctional. - http://bit.ly/cWXKh6Prices are very reasonable. In the $$ range. They have 3 locations and they deliver to Middleton. The food quality is among the top tier in Greater Madison at this price range. Pricier places don't really have any advantage. Not that it matters that much, since this is Chinese cooking and not French High Cuisine. Unless you order something exotic like "phoenix talons", where quality and technique may have an impact, you won't notice that much of a difference.So to recap. Inexpensive, but not cheap. Good food quality. Several locations. Website crappy. Crappy hours. Overall, very good deal.
