5	Great place! Everyone is so friendly. The day we went, Darth Vader and 2 Storm Troopers greeted us outside. A lot of thinking activities for children inside, water works, ball pits, human body themes, etc.I'd say walking to age 10 would love it!
4	The permanent exhibits at Discovery Place are fun for kids of all ages and the exhibitions are top notch as well.  I was fortunate enough to see the Dead Sea Scrolls there and will be going back to check out Body Worlds this month.  The IMAX screen/planetarium is an experience that shouldn't be missed, especially when they get the occasional first run movie in.The only reason I rate Discovery Place a 4 out of 5 is that they discontinued the laser shows they used to hold years ago every Friday and Saturday nights.  Those were good clean fun for the college crowd.
3	I want to like the Discovery Place more than I do... As a kids museum it is okay. There are some hands on things for the kids to try. The problem is that most of the exhibits are old and dated. Perhaps they just need to renovate some of the permanent exhibits to freshen things up and make them a bit more fun. I do love the Imax theatre. We've taken the kids to see movies like Happy Feet and Undersea 3D. That's a blast.
4	Convenient parking and great exhibit - Body Worlds. The IMAX is wonderful - beware lots of kids everywhere!
4	Went over the the IMAX last night to see the Dark Knight. First of all, quick note about the movie itself - believe the hype. It is that good. Now, onto the theatre...This was our second attempt at going, our first being Sunday night, but unfortunately it was sold out then. They open 45 minutes before showtime, and we got there to find a long line of people who we thought were waiting to purchase tickets - turns out they had all purchased way earlier, the showing had been sold out for hours and they were just waiting to get in and claim their seats. Smart move. We followed suit yesterday. The one thing you want to make sure of when you are going here is that you get there early to ensure a seat in the middle. We were fortunate, and set right in the center of the theatre. I can't imagine people's experiences who sat in the not-so-good seating area, like the way front, or all the way up top or out to the sides. The first thing we said upon leaving was, "Wow, we need to go back and see it on the regular screen." I was unaware until last night that apparently there is a difference between IMAX, and IMAX DOME, which this theatre is. I always remember IMAX as a huge screen that makes you feel like you are almost in the showing, traveling around with the characters. The Dome wraps the picture all the way around the theatre and onto the ceiling so you are looking up at it. This sounds awesome, but this made it very difficult to fully experience the film.  I'm sad to say that the fight scenes were completely lost on me - they move so fast that they make you dizzy in IMAX, and it's impossible to see everything because the screen spans so wide that you miss what's going on on the sides.  If you get dizzy easily, it'd probably be a wise decision to skip this. Overall, this was a great experience and I will definitely return to see the other great showings, like Pompeii, and Greece, but as for the movies like this, I'll take it to the original big screen.
4	Do not get the wrong idea the place isn't just for kids.  They have great IMAX movies here, I saw the Dark Knight, which was amazing.  They have different shows centered on space and nature.  It is always a learning experience for kids and adults alike.  They also have Pink Floyd and Led Zepelin light shows on rare occasions.
4	I've been to Discovery Place several times since moving to Charlotte, and I've never been disappointed. I went the first time to check out the Body Worlds exhibit, which blew me away. I'd wanted to see that exhibit for a few years after hearing about it on television, but I'd never had the chance. I was thrilled that it was right here in Charlotte. My second trip was with my 4 year old niece to let her enjoy all the kid-friendly permanent exhibits, and she had a great time. She especially enjoyed the big pendulum that you can use to draw that's by the main entrance to the museum...although we had to wait in line behind the other kids, which wasn't a lot of fun. I also went to see A Night at the Museum in their IMax theater. I thought it would be a good one to see, but it was a little overwhelming in that it wasn't truly an IMax film...it was just a regular movie shown BIG. If I go back to see another IMax, I'll see a film designed for the theater. I went to an IMax film at the dome in Galveston, Texas a few years ago, and it was awesome. Even though my experience in Discovery Place's theater wasn't as breathtaking, I am glad that we have one in town.I also recently checked out the Pompeii exhibit, which was a lot of fun. I've been to Pompeii before, and even so, this exhibit was worth checking out, and I saw things that I didn't see on the tour of the ruins. The plaster casts of the people and animals are poignant, but the other artifacts are surprisingly interesting, and the art is beautiful. I wish the parking wasn't so pricey, but overall, Discovery Place is a great resource here in town. They always show the morbid, creepy-cool exhibits, which are right up my alley.
4	I've been to Discovery Place during all three decades that I've been on this earth, and I love this place.I can recall many a school field trip here, where we usually just ran crazy instead of actually paying attention to the exhibits.Previous reviewers are right however...Discovery Place isn't just for kids. Recent exhibits such as Body Worlds (which I unfortunately missed), Pompeii and the IMAX movies provide plenty of attraction for us big kids as well. Parking is fairly convenient as well, which is a definite plus for something located uptown.
4	Here are some tips to make your visit to Discovery more pleasant:Go early morning to avoid the crowds. Reserve 2-3 hours to enjoy the museum. Plan ahead which exhibits you must attend and go there first. Suggestions:* Toddlers and young kids: KidsPlace room, Puppet Show Theater (shows at 11, 1:30, 2:30 and 3:45 PM), and Virtual Reality Room* School age kids: Digging for fossils (extra $2), Little Einstein science, and The Shop Machine exhibits. Here is a video with one of the live science experiments (blowing off a balloon):http://www.youtube.com/v/EYZlLbf80JI* Everybody goes nuts for the live Rats Basketball Game...however it's more of a hit and miss when exactly they have it open.There are several PARKING options:* Use the museum garage parking ($7 day flat rate fee) and walk straight into the museum.* Park in the garage across the street from the museum ($5 day flat rate fee Fri and Sat)* Use the metered parking spots along the streets. Good luck finding one!Food is not that great, cafeteria style. Hamburgers, fried and grilled chicken sandwiches and small size pizzas. Also soups, yogurt, pudding and salad boxes. Combo options for about $6 include fries and soda drinks. I'll go with the pizza and the yogurt.
4	I used to go here all the time on field trips in elementary school & I always looked forward to those trips. But like some others have said, this place isn't just for kids.If you do have kids then by all means you should head here on a weekend . They have exhibit after exhibit, teaching kids with displays & interactive features about all things science. I used to love being able to make things happen in the displays, then watching them come to life.But even if you don't have kids, then head here for the many exhibits they have on display throughout the year. Right now, they have Pompeii, which I really need to get to. I've seen Body Worlds here & it was crazy to see that stuff so up close.This place is full of great knowledge & hands on displays for kids to learn all things science. It's a great place for kids, but even if you're older, it's still not a bad place to check out exhibits year round.
4	It seems that every school in the entire Mecklenburg district sends daily day-trips here; I swear there are ALWAYS buses parked outside with large groups of children pouring out, smiling happily to be away from school. With good reason, too: this place is pretty rad, to use the parlance of a youngster.Indeed, this place isn't just for young fellas. My girlfriend took in the Body Works exhibit here recently, and it was awesome. The exhibit itself was amazing, but it was presented in a really cool way--Discovery Place has great space. Moreover, this place is really clean and modern, so it's a great area to explore and walk around in. We came on a Sunday and, shockingly, it wasn't that crowded, so you should be able to get in without too much trouble. On top of their specific exhibits (which are great for kids and adults), Discovery Place shows movies that are worth checking out--so do check them out. Great way to spend some free time on a weekend, definitely.
4	I've been to Discovery Place a few times, for various reasons.  I've taken out-of-town family there on two occasions.  Once to explore the museum's regular offerings and once to see the Bodies exhibition.  The museum's regular offerings are interesting, but I'd say it's mostly for kids.  For fun, there was "rat basketball," which was mildly entertaining.  The rotating exhibits are what really bring some magic to the Place.  The Bodies exhibition was extremely fascinating (not to mention a bit gross seeing the "insides" of real human bodies).  We spent hours in there (and could have spent more) exploring and reading everything about the human body.  It was a very educational experience.  Can't wait to check out "Pompeii" next!  We also chose to see "Spider-Man 3" on their IMAX screen on opening night.  It sounds much better than it actually is.  Specially created IMAX movies on IMAX screens = good.  Regular theater movies blown up on IMAX screens = bad.  The experience made me nauseous and I couldn't "see" all of the action because it was everywhere at once.  I'll stick to IMAX features like their "Beavers" showing next time. :)
3	Like Ryan Matthew P., I went to DP for the Pompeii Exhibit.  It is mostly a children's museum, but it is still fun for an adult to play with the ropes and pulleys, and look at stuffed bears and such.The Pompeii Exhibit was awesome.  The layout and lighting created an extremely somber mood to gaze up the plaster casts of dying people.Don't make this place a primary destination if you don't have kids.  However, if you have some time to kill in downtown Charlotte and $20 is burning a hole in your pocket, The Discovery Place may be of assistance.BTW check out the MILF in the photos!
4	exhibits are always great and fun to kill a boring day in the Queen City. Only disappointment I ever had is I went to see Happy Feet on IMAX and the dude who's job was to roll the film up after it played jammed the damn thing and I never was able to see the show :(
4	Great job on the remodeling, folks! It's better than new. I took the twins there today. It was well worth it.  If you and your kids love science and nature museums, this is Charlotte's finest. There is a nice blend of new, updated, and old exhibits. The rainforest exhibit is awesome. The 3D sharks movie is great, too! We caught the IMAX movie about aviation, which is, if you can get beyond the fact that it's sort of a documercial for the Boeing 787, totally worth seeing... at $8 for adults, $7 for kids, less the discount for going to the museum at the same time.We didn't attend any of the several live demonstration/lectures that were going on around us, but they looked interesting. My kids were more interested in hands-on, kinetic features, and there are plenty to be experienced!There are many interactive exhibits for kids of all ages to get lost in. We stayed until they (almost) tossed us out. Take some food money. The canteen has some relatively healthy sandwiches and salads, but a limited selection, and nothing to write home about. Hey, this is a place for kids, so there are way too many American snack foods and candies there, but at least they recycle most of their trash and garbage...Be sure to get there and plan to spend most of the day, if you have kids who like nature and science. If you really, *really* like it, consider a one year membership deal. We *might* get back there one more time in the next year, but probably would have to go three times to justify the one year membership.
3	Took my nephews here on Saturday afternoon.  Had only been once before the remodel.  They did a nice job, everything looked great.  My nephews are 3 and 6 so they love it all and I had to chase them around because they'd see something else that looked cool and they would run off.We happened to see some of the workers holding an iguana and a snake, not my thing since I am terrified of snakes, but the boys thought it was cool.Really my biggest complaint with this place were the restrooms.  When I had to bring the 3 y/o into the women's room (too young to go in the mens room alone), I almost gagged at the sight of both toilets covered in urine!!  I get that its also parents responsibility to make sure there kids don't pee all over the seats, but on a busy day its just gross and unacceptable if you ask me!
3	If I were a ten year old girl I'd have had the time of my life at this museum.  You see, I was very interested in the various sciences - animals, germs, physical forces, space - and this place doesn't just showcase science, it really does a great job of allowing students to engage with science.  There is so much to touch and do and see, and many different interest fields are covered - at my visit, exhibits included a look at the rain forest, various water ecosystems, bacteria and to some extent nutrition, architecture, clothing and shoe design, electricity and force/power.  At first glance, some of the underwater habitats do seem a bit sparse but the museum published a disclaimer that because they are really starting from scratch, they have to allow time for the heartier species to propagate so that they can introduce more delicate species naturally into a well-established ecosystem.  And that I can appreciate.Still as an adult, I was left wanting a bit more.  I would prefer to go to an entire museum that specializes in *JUST* nature or architecture or microbiology because my attention span and interest level is just a little higher.  So come with the kids, but not necessarily on a geeky date.
2	Took my almost three-year old here and while they had one great room full of activities(water, music, lights, blocks, construction , etc) that was it for her.  We spent an hour or so in the toddler-oriented room, then were disappointed by the rest of the exhibit.This is much more oriented to older children, maybe 5 - 11ish who would benefit from some of the more mature exhibits upstairs.  While we did enjoy our time there, I felt that there weren't enough activities for young children.
3	I can see why they bring the school kids here.There are a lot of hands on type of items for kids to play with and "discover" things.  There was also demonstration - little shows - with a host in different topics.  My friend and I watched the subzero and part of the electricity one.  The subzero one is quite cool since the guy played with liquid nitrogen.While we were there, there was a race exhibit.  This was quite interesting and thought provoking.It was a bit pricey for what was being offered.  They do offer a year pass.  We didn't even go to the IMAX - that was extra.  We were only there for a few hours before we saw everything we wanted to and left.  Very educational though.
4	What to do? It is raining or too hot. My nephews have watched TV or played video games for far too long...desperate need for intellectual stimulation.We go to Discovery Place and Imaginon. Seriously- go to both in one day. Sometimes we throw in the Museum of the New South (it is free on Sundays). My nephews are zombies after these activities. Awesome way to keep children entertained (and fun for us)The year long passes are probably the best bang for buck. It is a bit pricey- but I don't feel guilty about spending my money towards places that are improving the community.One of my nephews just turned 7 and the other is 13. They both can find activities that amuse them. They are never bored at Discovery Place. They might like different activities- but there is something for each of them.My 13 year old nephew discovered his love of mechanics while at Discovery Place. That is seriously worth every penny. Someone working there spent extra time with my nephew- showing him how to take apart and put back together a robot. Very awesome.
4	What a fun way to spend an afternoon with a six-yr-old!!! i had just as much fun as she did i am sure. My favorite parts personally were the rainforest and the fish-jail (aquarium). There is a ton to do for kids of all ages, playing tug-of-war, making sounds and learning about kid-level physics. The free 3-D movie on Bugs was SUPER COOL, spiders hanging right in front of your face and close up shots of the metamorphosis of caterpillars. Kids and parents were on their best behavior for the most part, waiting turns and being polite. There is also a cool water area and kids play area for the super young ones so you can bring your whole family! You could make creations from paper and fabric and email them to yourself. Or take pictures of something like a fossil through a magnifying glass and email it to yourself. So high-tech! One of the most fun things we did while we were there was match the poop to the animal - not as easy as you would think! The biggest poop does not necessarily go to the largest animal FYI!
5	My family and I love this place. Happened to be there for the aquarium guided tour, and was impressed by how knowledgeable and friendly our guide was. She definitely knew how to keep the kids involved and had the patience to handle their fidgeting and questions. All of the exhibits are fun and interesting, but the people make the place special.
4	Being a Charlotte native I've visited Discovery Place several times over the years.  Loved the dinosaur exhibit years ago, btw!  Now that I have kids I like to find things for them to do that are a little bit out the ordinary when I have the opportunity and Discovery Place fills that void perfectly.  The point of this place is to mix fun with learning something and given the age of the person you can do both.  I think my 6 year old prefers the fun stuff over the learning at this point but good for me the exhibits do both without her knowing :)That being said, I actually enjoy attending and being a kid again too.  I love the rain forest exhibit but my favorite is the hands on exhibits that are located on the main level.  Keep up the good work, DP!
4	One of the premiere science centers in North Carolina.  Greensboro has a nice zoo attraction, Charlotte has free 3d movies and larger interactive exhibits.  They lean heavily on scientific method & practice.  Definitely a fun 4-6 hours.  The Cons: $8 to park, member or not.
4	This is really amazing if you can afford it.  It was $22 for my boy and me to go.  BUT he had an incredible time.  Couldn't get him to leave and we must go back.  It has tons of science demonstrations that are hands on and they demonstrate physics in a  way that is really fun.  They have several shows per day that teach about animals, let kids touch and feel aquatic life, there is an aquarium portion, a rainforest to explore.  The Cool Stuff area (physics stuff) is amazing!!!  Highly recommended. Bite the bullet and spend the whole day.
5	As someone in their twenties, I seriously enjoyed coming here! It completely exceeded my expectations. This museum is a must when visiting Charlotte, especially if you have small children. It's a one of a kind place indeed.
5	What a wonderful place for kids and adults alike!  I used to come here as a kid since my parents bought the membership when I was little (best investment ever).  It's been more than 10 years since I've been here last and it's still just as interesting!1) Museum upstairs: Physics, chemistry, and innovation exhibitions are housed upstairs.  All of the displays are interactive and the descriptions of each station is thoroughly informative and understandable.  Some of the more complicated concepts might need to be explained to smaller kids.2) Museum downstairs:  Life sciences- less interactive as upstairs but just as engaging.  They have an underwater "petting zoo" area.  The "zoo" is supervised so it is safe.  Live animals in cages and in the rainforest!3) Mummies Exhibition:  Very informative, but very crowded.  We had to wait a couple of minutes for each display box.  Seems like a popular exhibition and since it's only here till April 2012.  Go before it's over!If you have kids and live in Charlotte, get the membership!  Admission costs can add up for multiple people.
5	I am thrilled with all the renovations Discovery Place has done. You'd think this place is just a crazy science experiment for kids to come and explore. That's true on one hand, but the amount of fantastic exhibits they have to offer are fantastic. This visit was for the mummy exhibit. Guess what.. We went with no kids. All the kids there were polite and not annoying if that is something that bothers you.I am a creature of being able to see history. As usual, they blew my mind. This is also the first visit since they opened the aquarium and rain forest. I felt like I was back in South Florida seeing the ocean life and feeling the warm humidity of the rain forest.
4	Just got back from the Mummies Of The World Exhibition. WOW!!! To think these mummies were all found in the basement of a German museum that were thought to be destroyed during WWII. These mummies date back from several thousand to over six thousand years ago and come from all over the world, just not Egypt. This exhibit has some of the oldest mummies in the world, including mummies thousands of years older than King Tut!! The oldest mummy was that of a child that was 6,500 years old and had some amazing detail. There was a female mummy with long hair and tattoos.The exhibit also contains animal mummies and all sorts of artifacts that were found with the mummies, like mummy powder of ground up mummies that was used as medicine, tools used during the mummification process or jars used to store the organs that had been removed.Although the exhibit has already been here for 3 months, it was still very crowded, but most people used their manners if they bumped into or stepped in front of you. If you enjoy this type of history, My wife and I highly reccomend this exhibition. Admission is $24 per person which includes the mummies, $12 per person without the mummies.As far as the rest of Discovery Place, most of it geared toward kids, and there was alot of them, but the parents seemed to keep things under control. I did enjoy the aquarium and some of the other exhibits. I wanted to see the 3d sea film, but it was getting late and we had to pass. And yes, I did let my inner child loose on some of the play stations!!!
4	I've been to this museum a couple of times but we went this weekend to check out the Mummy's of the World Exhibit (hey I was a history major no judgement!) Anyway, I think this is an awesome museum for kids (toddler to young adolescent). They update pretty regularly and the place is kept up well. They have a lot of interactive activities too. The exhibit (which costs extra)  I saw may not be for little eye's (could be a bit scary for children). Some of the carbon dating was still going on so a few questions were left answered but all in all it was quite interesting. I will say the carpeting in that particular area smelled heavily of mildew so perhaps they need new rugs or a deep clean. The 3D movies are a lot of fun too and are included with your decently priced admission. Bottom line if you have kids from out of town visiting this is the place to go!
4	So, I had yet to go to Discovery Place since they remodeled it about two years ago.  Before that, I had been several times.  I always enjoyed it, with or without my nieces, and the movies in the dome theater are cool - especially since they changed it to show full lenght movies like Spiderman and The Dark Knight.  The renovations are nice, but most of the exhibits have not changed tremendously.  The draws for the adults are definitely the movies and the touring exhibits.  I have seen most of the ones they have hosted in the past 10 years except for A Day in Pompeii.  Body Worlds was fascinating as was the current "Mummies of the World".  That exhibit alone definitely would warrant 5 stars if it could be reviewed separately.  It's only here until 4/8/2012, so go see while you can.The museum still has the rainforest - not much has changed in it.  The aquarium area is a little nicer and brighter.  The exhibits on the main floor are also somewhat similar, but upgraded.  The price of admission is $12 for adults for just the museum and was $24 for the Mummies exhibit, which included museum admission.That was nice because we had to wait about an hour or so for our scheduled time to see the exhibit.  All in all, Discovery Place is a great place for kids, but it can also be enjoyed by adults.
5	My name is Karen, and I'm not the biggest fan of science.  However, with that admission out of the way, I had an absolute blast at Discovery Place.  My boyfriend and I spent nearly 3 hours there on a Sunday afternoon - no children, just two 30-somethings - and enjoyed every moment.  The IMAX theater is awesome, and there are typically a few different movies to choose from.  Yes, this is an extra ticket/cost, but if there's something playing that interests you, it's definitely worth checking out.  The exhibits span a broad range of ages, and whether you're 3 or 33 (or older), you'll be educated and entertained.  The museum is multiple stories, and the cafeteria has options galore.  Hot or cold, healthy or cupcakes, you can find something to please even the pickiest of eaters.  There are two entrances (one on 6th Street, one on Tryon), and if the line is too crowded at one, I suggest checking out the other (when we were there, 40 people must have been waiting in line at 6th Street, but upstairs on Tryon was empty).  A great place for taking out-of-town visitors, a much needed activity for those with wee ones, or a laid-back weekend date, it's a great place to discover!
4	Fantastic place. The exhibit was well done and they paced out the flow of people so the crowding around the mummies was minimal. Interactive area was fun and they made a lot of room for creativity. The "live" exhibits where great as well. Overall, good time and would go back again.
4	Little smaller than one would expect for the admission.  Mind you there are a lot of stuff to do here but I can see when it is crowded that this place is not worth your money.  I can just envision waiting around to do things and your kid starting to get tired of waiting....if empty then you are golden.  We just stopped by since we were visiting Charlotte and needed a kid's thing to do in between the adult things.  Was worth every penny to satisfy our little one on our vacation.  The germ section they have now is a bit scary though for the youngest of them.
5	The Discovery Place is an interactive museum that features a wide range of exhibits that allow children, teens, and adults to compete a significant amount of divergent  hands on tasks related to specific scientific discoveries. To say that the Discovery Place is hands on is an understatement. Literally, almost everything in this museum is interactive. As you walk through the museum you will be amazed with the number of activities that you and or younger children could complete. The amount of things to do is bordering on sensory overload. The museum is constructed in a manner that encourages the visitors to engage themselves in the sciences and is broken down in logical and easy to navigate manner.  The Discovery Place features an IMAX theatre, a series of aquariums, a tropical oasis, and a wide array of additional sections. There is most likely something for everyone in this museum but parents of younger kids might need to stay with them in order to explain and do some of the more heavier reading of directions. For me, some of the highlights was the bed of nails, the tinfoil/duct tape construction projects, and the featured wildlife. However, I can honestly say that there wasn't much that I didn't find reasonably interesting. Overall, as an out of town visitor I found this place to be a very interesting way to spend an afternoon. Everyone in my group really enjoyed themselves and we were totally glad that we took the time to check it out.
5	The Discovery Place exceeded our expectations. We heard about this and decided to check it out on our way out of town. There is soo much to see that it's a little overwhelming. Our kids are on the younger side (5 and 3) and can't read yet so some of the science things they didn't get or understand. The staff is very helpful and willing to help you with the experiments. We loved the little kid area where we could put our baby down so she could explore too! Cafeteria and parking is over priced but the cost of admission is totally worth it. Be prepared to spend at least 4 hours wandering around. Great museum! We will be visiting again!
5	Visiting from Bay Area.  Bottom line, great deal.  Took 9 year old girl and 4 year old boy and we spent about 4.5 hours here, not counting break for lunch in neighborhood.  I can't think of any kids place in my neck of the woods that is so much fun and such a great deal.  They got exhibits and tons of interactive stuff, special shows, small aquarium and reptile center, rain forest exhibit, etc.  Plus, found metered spot right in front of the place.  We were really impressed and happy at this place.
4	I live an hour away from Charlotte and find that this place is worth the drive for an 8 year old kid.  My son had a blast and keeps asking when we can go back.  "This museum is so much batter than the one we have at home!" is what he said, and I agree.  I also had fun.  Make sure you by the tickets to see one of the IMAX movies.  I have never seen an IMAX  theater like this one.  The design of it reminds me of the Disney ride, SOAR.  If you have been on that ride you will relate to this. If we lived closer to Charlotte I would get a season pass for the family.  If you get there when it opens, it takes about 2-3 hours to play with everything.  After it gets busy it takes a little longer.
4	I was skeptical about going to Discovery Place because a lot of the reviews made it seem it was better for younger kids. As long as you're a kid at heart this was great for any age!  We had a 15 year old with us and we all had a blast. The admission was reasonable since adult tickets were only $12 for the museum. There's also an option to buy tickets for IMAX movies. A great way to spend a day downtown.
3	"It was really nice....but probably shouldn't be on the top 5" We spent a weekend in Charlotte with our family of five, including three girls ages (7, 3, and 15 months).We wanted to do something indoors the second day because we were so tired from the National Whitewater Center from the day before.So we looked up TripAdvisor and saw this place as one of the top five things to do here. **You really must do your homework and plan the day right here. The iMax movies have different times and some of the other attractions are timed as well. Look online and you can see their weekly schedule including weekends that way you can get the best experience.Overall we had a a fun time.Would I go back? No...great to do once unless you're just going back to see a different iMax movie.Visited July 2011
3	We visited Discovery Place on the Monday after Easter.  We were there very close to opening time since we weren't sure if it would get crowded with Spring Breakers.  We had the second floor mostly to ourselves for a good 25 minutes or so.  We got to see and try a lot of things that probably had waits later on.  The museum is really nicely laid out and decorated with kids in mind.  Bathrooms seemed plentiful and well placed.  Our 6 year old had a good time running around trying the different exhibits.  I'm not sure he "learned" a lot, but he liked the hand on-ness of it. The 2 year old just wanted to see what her brother was doing.  For mom and dad it was a fun morning, but not ecstacy.  We considered the IMAX, but with the 2 year old we decided, with the advice of the lady at the admission desk, that it would be a bit much.  We did see The Little Prince in the smaller 3D theater and that was quite enough 3D for us.  We didn't spend any time in the hands on room for the little kids.  By the time we got there it was pretty crowded and a little bonkers.  Might have been a better place to start.  We had planned on being there long enough to have lunch in the cafe, but we were pretty much done by about 11:30, so we moved on to find lunch elsewhere.  We did tour through the gift/souvenir shop.  Most of the stuff was pretty overpriced (as expected), but there were a few things to be had for a couple bucks for the kids to take something home.Overall, I'm glad we went, but I doubt we'd go again on a future Charlotte visit.  Unless we just did the IMAX when the kids are older.
4	While on Spring Break we stayed up the road at Great Wolf Lodge and decided to ride up to Discovery Place. This museum is AWESOME! Our 2 year old loved it. It is a very hands on experience and she loved every minute of it. Her favorite part was using the building blocks in the exhibits on the 2nd floor. My favorite was the rain forest exhibit and her dad is a big kid at heart so he loved it all especially the petting stations in the aquarium where you got to touch the animals. She also saw her 1st 3D moving about lions in the jungle. This is definitely a must do for kids of all ages.
5	If you have kids this place is a must.  A truly world class kids museum where you get your moneys worth for a membership.  I compare alot of things to Chicago and this is one area where Charlotte blows chicago out of the water, this museum is a lot better then that Childrens museum.  They have so many fun things to do, a fun water section, lots of things to experiment, lots of building activities, plenty of live animals....  But we really like the "shows" they do.  Theres one called sub zero right now where they show the effects of dry ice on things adn the kids get to play in the steam and watch rubber gloves get frozen and crack.... my kids are mesmerized.  Those shows are about every half hour on the weekends.  I think members should not have to pay so much for IMAX tho, with a family of 5 I'm thinking It should be less if we sprang for the membership.  Otherwise Im a fan!!!
3	Hands on learning.  This is my kind of place.  I write this review by comparing it to other science museums that I've been to.What keeps Discovery Place from being one of the more exciting science museums...is that it's relatively the same every time I go.Sure there's some new stuff...but some of the old stuff just needs to go.  My son loves science and engineering...and with the exception of some of the upstairs activities, he was bored.  We made it through Discovery Place in about an hour...and he's only 6.So, my advice is to look into Discovery Place before you go, find what you'd like to do, and get down to business.  Otherwise, you'll run up and down and back up and back down and back up and down and up and down...as your kids realize that the new thing was definitely not as interesting as the last thing.Try:  Catching an Imax movieAvoid:  The water room (unless you want your kid drenched)**Yes...boo...unfun parent...boo (Sorry...dad doesn't care for wet or sticky)
4	Kids love this place! My nephew asks to go every time he is in town. Everything about Discovery Place screams fun and kids don't even know that they are learning something. My favorite thing about Discovery Place has to be the fact that its so hands on. There are countless things to keep your child occupied for hours and you end up having fun yourself.The caffereria theme is super cute and I love that everything is local. There are so many healthy choices in there and if you're looking for something sweet they even have a cupacke stand. I can see myself taking my nephew here time and time again. Its definitely an inexpensive way to have some fun with the family.
4	Terrific interactive science museum for kids (and adults) of all ages. We took our kids along with some friends from out of town, and had a hard time getting our little ones to leave! Everything is hands-on, so kids learn important scientific principles in a fun, practical way. We've been to a few children's museums in the SE, and this was definitely one of the best!
4	Being a Charlotte native, I knew this place as a child for planetarium shows, the awesome touch tank, and the electric silver ball that made your hair stand up when you grabbed it. About ten years ago they did some renovations and took away some of the really cool stuff, but the museum itself is still awesome and educational for kids and adults alike. The Imax dome theatre is a really cool movie - watching experience. The giant rainforest is still there, and there are some really neat aquarium displays on the first floor. (My favorite one being the nautilus tank). The second floor has some cool tangible exhibits that teach the science behind concepts like motion,  surface area and pressure, and momentum. I myself enjoy the rotating exhibits- recently there was a Van Gogh alive exhibit that I unfortunately didn't get to see, and I hope they will bring it back sometime in the future. All around a great science and nature museum thst has something for everyone!
5	This is a great place to take kids on a rainy day. My niece and nephew were visiting and everything with outdoor fun was closed due to the thunderstorms - so we went to brunch and then hit this place.They had a ball and learned a lot too. The Frog and Alien exhibits were open when we were there and they really liked those.Make sure you go too all the different levels because there are many little hidden spots. Kids may not want to sit still for the IMAX movies, so if you book that, you may want to let them play themselves out before going to it or go to that first before you make them aware of everything else they can do.Don't miss the World Alive room - the kids loved looking at everything under a microscope and the Kids Science play room was really cute and a lot of fun for smaller kids.I would say this place is best for kids 7 and under.
5	Love this place!  We have come here a couple times now when we were visiting family & it was totally worth the trip (it's an hour drive).  There was so much to do & see for every age level.  We spent a lot of time playing in the water table last year when our son was only 19 months.  This year at almost 3, he was able to do a lot more so we got to bang on the drums, build monsters & play with the vacuum tubes (which were his favorite).  They had an exhibit with Frogs while we were there & I was really impressed with it - there were some cool camouflage frogs we had never seen or heard of before.They have a lot of hands on activities for older kids as well (there was a build your own shoe with duct tape &/or tin foil) as well as a light show that looked like a dance party for kids. We will definitely visit next time we are in town.
5	SCIENCE ON THE ROCKS!  What a great idea.  Friday nights once a month, cash bars, 21+ crowd - everyone unleash your inner nerd!I went to the 90's night in August, but apparently each night is themed.  Tickets are $8-$10 and you get to experience all of the awesome exhibits that the science education center has to offer.  Things are just as fun as they were when you were a kid - just now, you don't have to deal with the kids!
4	I had been to discovery place years ago,but recently went this past saturday to take my five year old daughter.She enjoyed it alot but to me it seems alot has changed over the years.i was excited to check out the alien exhibit,but it focuses more on "fake aliens" from movies as opposed to what aliens should actually look like,but it was still a good photo op considering there was starwars,ironman,and terminator and the creepy alien from the alien movie. But overall we had a fun day and the staff was top notch!:)
5	A great place for kids (from pretty much 1 year and up) and for the adults who love science.  Got to love a place where science is not just shown, but also allows you to get physically involved in the exploring science and it's applications. This is like the difference between getting a lecture on a subject vs being able to roll up your sleeves and actually seeing the principles involved. I love this place.Good to note for parents with really young kids, the kid zone is downstairs next to the IMAX theater area.  I know my daughters eye's lit up when we finally found it.
4	Great for kids of all ages. Admission is expensive, so if you find yourself going there more than once a year I highly suggest buying the membership. Be wary of the hours, they change throughout the seasons. Just do your homework on the place and you won't run into any problems.
4	This is a great museum with fun exhibits. During a normal day there are too many kids running around and taking the run of the place. Our favorite night is every 3rd Friday of the month for "Science on the Rocks." They are themed nights for adults 21 and older. There are full bars, food and exhibits. Entrance is only $8 in advance or $10 at the door. It is a great night out uptown and for a great price.
5	Looking for something to do with your child or toddler in Charlotte? This place is it! Took my 3 and 5 year old along with their cousins who are 7 and 10, everyone had fun, even the adults! The displays are all interactive and interesting full of basic and advanced information for all to enjoy. There were also stations where employees had different reptiles and sea creatures that the kids could touch and ask questions about. There was a small area of sea life on display as well as a really cool frog/toad exhibit on the floor above. While were there they had a moving dinosaur display, which was by far on of the coolest things I've seen in one of these kid museums. There were these giant metal sculptures that you could move with remotes, levers, and pulleys. They had lights and sounds to go with them too. Just incredible, especially for my super curious button pushing son. They have a 3-D theater that shows 20min films for free with your day pass, perfect amount of time for little attention spans but still fun to watch. There's other interactive art work, things to build, airchairs, and even a bed of nails you can try! Too much to list it all, so just go and have fun.
5	Needed to burn a few hours & decided to check out Discovery Place. It seemed like my hubs & I were the only adults without children there. When in Rome.... We had a blast with all the kids. December is nutrition month. I really like the fat to muscle displays. There was a ton to do & I could have spent several more hours playing in all the exhibits. I loved how hands on the exhibits are for everyone. I also loved that some of the "apprentices" are kids. Fantastic learning experience for them. Because I am a biologist, I have a few things I would like to see, but I have no negative comments. Good job Discovery Place.
