2	Usually when my family and I go to Olive Garden, we have a 5 star experience. For my sweet 16, that wasn't the case. We were sat quickly, but waited 15 minutes before a waiter came to order our drinks. By that time, we were ready to order, so did that as well. After waiting another 30 minutes, our salad and breadsticks came out. Unfortunately, so did our meal. My father, long past impatient, sent the food back to the kitchen so we could eat our salad and bread without being rushed. Our drinks were frequently empty, sitting on the end of the table waiting to be filled. The manager was called over on multiple occasions, and we almost walked out at one point during the meal. At the end of our night, we were left wishing we hadn't gone. I picked the restaurant because we were always given exceptional service. The manager picked up the check, and gave us a $20 coupon as compensation. This was the worst experience I have had at Olive Garden, and hope it won't happen again.
2	Long, long wait and the people don't seem to care! The wait isn't worth it for the quality of food!
4	This review is for the take home order for 3. The staff was friendly and quick, even though the place was packed on a Saturday night.
4	Your typical Olive Garden, except when they screwed up our order, not only did they let us keep our food, plus replaced the entire order with the correct meals, they also gave us a $20 gift card. That's pretty darn good for an Olive Garden!! :)
2	It's Olive Garden, you should expect it to be the same as always. However, I always get the Eggplant Parmesan, and this time it was really bad. I told the waiter and to my surprise the manager came over and was genuinely interested in why I didn't like it this time since I always order it. She comped my meal since I didn't eat it. However, I left full since I did enjoy an appetizer, salad and breadsticks!
3	Good food but my chicken and gnochi soup literally had ONE gnochi in it! And the tiramisu has dry ladyfingers in it. However, the service was great.
5	I felt like family.... our waitress took really good care of us sold us a bottle of wine and wrapped it so we could take the rest home.   Great over all experience and this was after work on a Friday with the family.   Its was clean. affordable and had plenety of outstanding flavors.  A+++
4	I haven't eaten at an Olive Garden in probably 7-8 years, and this was exactly the same as back then. The breadsticks were a little stale, but still ok. I was fairly bland and ordered spaghetti with italian sausage. I assumed it was going to be italian sausage meatballs or something of the like. Nope, it was literally 3 small/med sausages thrown into my spaghetti. Lol. Oh well, can't win them all.
5	Food was great.  But the real reason for this five star review, the service.  I went with a friend of mine who is a certified pain in the ass when it comes to what she wants at a restaurant.  Special orders everything, and asks for all kinds of extras.  I mean she runs this poor server ragged.  Me and my daughter did a little bit too, so this guy was going for this and going for that, and they were busy too, so he had lots of tables.   And he never, not once, let us down.  All the way down to extra mint chocolates and bread sticks to take home.  Never sat without my drink glass full either, which is one of my pet peeves.   I know people think "I don't go to OG because it is a chain restaurant"  But I love this place.  And it is my daughter's favorite place to eat.   We will be back.
2	I used to like Olive Garden, but they've really gone downhill.  Their bread sticks are faint echoes of what they used to be.  And their portion sizes seem to have shrunk.I had the parmesan crusted steak with ravioli.  Thought I'd go for something different.  The portion was small, the parmesan was very weak, and the steak was stringy.  My wife had stuffed chicken marsala.  The "stuffing" was like the stovetop stuff you buy at Thanksgiving.  Seriously.  Prosciutto?  Couldn't prove it by her serving.  I think they may have held up a photo of prosciutto in front of the dish before bringing it out, but it didn't seem to have any in it.  What it DID have in it was salt.  A LOT of salt.  We actually sent it back, it was that salty.  They replaced it, and it was a bit less salty, but still more than it should have been.The pasta fagioli soup is the one thing that still seems to be good.  It's the only thing we've really liked there the past two or three times we visited.That said, I must give them credit for trying to make the salty dish right.  They ended up comping the dish for us, which was nice.  Not that we can really eat it at home either (it's just as salty here!), but my wife is planning to dilute it with something to cut the salt flavor.I had a coupon, so we ordered a dessert.  The layered chocolate torta thing.  It was good.  Not great, but good.Oh...and service was attentive.  It wasn't her fault my wife's dish was so salty.  She (Candy) did a good job.There are a lot better Italian places around.  If you want to do the bottomless soup bowl, that's a pretty good choice.  Everything else is mediocre (or worse).
3	We dined for lunch at the Olive Garden restaurant off Germann Road. ordered as soup and salad combo. I asked for the chicken and gnocchi soup. I asked for no gnocchi in my soup and the server did that right. However, we didn't get our drinks till half way through our meal which I was pretty thirsty. Otherwise, our meal was as usual. Our server was nice and smiled a lot but we had to ask other servers to bring our water. I wouldn't write home about it.
4	My friend and I came in around 2pm for the Soup,Salad, Bread combo. I think the waitress was a little annoyed by this but she warmed up through the meal. She brought refills and I ate like a whole basket of breadsticks myself..oops..she did offer us to put our drinks in to go cups which I really appreciated as the drinks are a bit spendy and it was very hot. This was something I noticed servers in PHX offered but here in Vegas it never happens. The food was good and timely...
1	Worst managed restaurant EVER!!!! Doesn't matter when you arrive there is always a wait. I would understand if a restaurrant is crowded but this happens ever time we go to this location. When you wait twenty-thirty minutes and 30% of the tables are empty that is just POOR MANAGEMENT. Busy hours rarely change, so staff yourself better instead of inconveniencing your customers. Love the food but absolutely refuse to go back to this location.
2	If you wait an hour to get seated, the food and service better be good.  Well the service was pretty poor.  At least the food was good once we all got it.  Also we were there for a birthday and the waitress knew it, but did noting special for it.  However she blew us off when we needed something to go and sing at another table.
1	I visit olive garden regularly and this one has terrible service. Food was just fine but the wait staff was one of the worst.
3	I'm always down for Olive Garden! The food at this location is always good, however, as stated in other reviews, the wait can be kind of long. Sometimes you get a good server and sometimes you don't.
4	Great food and good wine
4	We always receive great service and outstanding food at this location ! Our server Heather did an amazing job.  All her recommendations were "right-on" .  Thank you Olive Garden !
3	It's Olive Garden, so what can I say that you don't already know?  The breadsticks and salad are the best reasons to come here.  The wait can be long, and the service can be hit or miss, but my new favorite thing to do is call in my order for pick up.  They seem to have this side of the business mastered, and it's a surefire way to get quick, friendly service and your food in hand within 15-20 minutes after calling in.
4	Recently brought home a meal from this Olive Garden and as silly as it sounds the breadsticks were rock hard...which anyone that eats at Olive Garden knows how sad that is...lol and the lid was not placed all the way on one of the meals in the bag and it kind of made a big mess.   I called and spoke with the manager who was so nice,  He sent me a gift card for the meal!  We have eaten at this Olive Garden many times and always had a good experience.  The way the manager handled my "complaint" was so unexpected and it was so appreciated!
3	Every time I've come here it has been a good experience except once. Normally everything is great. The environment is great and the service is exceptional. The breadsticks are to die for and the free salad is delicious. I've liked every dish I've ever had there. The price is competitive if not lower than other Italian food restaurants in the valley. The last time I was here I did have my first bad experience though. Unfortunately we happened to sit at a long table facing the front of the restaurant.  During our meal an infestation of cockroaches started coming out of the wall along the cracks of the booth. Needless to say this freaked out my grandmother and about gave her a heart attack. Olive Garden gave us a give card and did a good job trying to make up for everything that happened. I assume this is a very rare and unfortunate situation.
3	I enjoy Olive Garden and this is the location we always go to. The food is quite good with the exception of the breadsticks. The last couple of times they have been overcooked and hard. Prices have recently gone up so would like to see the food reflect that. Service is average. They recently got coke zero which made me happy but they have used the old root beer lines so the coke zero is tainted. They need to put new lines in. Had to change to a different soft drink which they are happy to do.  Will go back but if the breadsticks and service don't improve probably not as often as I used to.
5	We always receive great service and outstanding food at this location ! Our server Heather did an amazing job.  All her recommendations were "right-on" .  Thank you Olive Garden !Once again, we had delicious  lunch at this Gilbert location !  The food is always fresh and warm.  We will return often.   :-)
3	I have been eating at Olive Gardens for years.  This particular location has always been good, but not great.  It often appears to be rather disorganized - especially trying to figure out what tables are open, etc.  The food is good, but often the service has been on the slow side - seems too few waitpersons for the number of tables.  I'll recommend them, but only if you have plenty of time to eat.  I would not recommend them if you are in a hurry.
4	I am a fan of Olive Garden's unlimited soup and salad lunch and I had a very good experience today at this location. I was surprised at how busy the restaurant was at 11:30am on a Saturday afternoon but hey they must be doing something right.My sister and I were seated right away and our server was very nice and brought drinks and salad very quickly. We ordered Zuppa Toscana and as always it was hot and delicious. Overall good experience. I would definitely come back for lunch.
5	The food was great our plates were chilled for our salad the new pumpkin cheese cake was delicious we had a great server Carolina G  she made sure we were happy with our selection it was a good meal, there was a table next with very loud very hyped up kids she kept her cool she even gave them a high five when they where on there way out it was cute. All n all good meal no wait time great service at a good price.
5	My wife and I love to eat here. My favorite is the chicken paramsian and we love the endless pasta bowls as well. I love to eat the salad and breadsticks too. The mints don't hurt at the end of the meal thats for sure.
5	I would not normally give a restaurant a 5 star review but the waiter (Jason) gave such great service.....this deserves a 5 star!!!!!!
5	Awesome service! Antonio was out waiter and he was as good as they get! My husband ordered the shrimp & talapia dish and my son enjoyed the chicken fettuccine Alfredo. I am a vegetarian and ordered the cheese raviolis. They were not up to par and I let Antonio know. He was super kind and apologetic. The manager Michelle came and visited the table and took care of it immediately and without question. Awesome customer service!The servers were all great and helped each other out. I was a server for years and this says a lot about the team.I would definitely recommend this place to others. It is worth the drive off the highway.We will stop in again if we are in the area. We are traveling thru from Texas to California!Great service & clean bathrooms! All the wait staff was excellent! Manager is on top of it!!
4	So I upgraded a star after my most recent experience. The only reason I'm docking a star is for the long wait, which isn't something they can help. It's just naturally a very busy location.I ordered pickup, hoping not to have to wait for long. Since it was Valentines Day there was even a line for pickups haha. Even though it was CRAZY busy, our food was perfect, still warm (even after a 15 min drive home), and high quality like we were eating in. The server that rang me up was so polite and nice. I give her big kudos for her attitude and smile amidst all the chaos. Fantastic Customer Service from all staff.
5	Fresh Salad, bread sticks and quite delicious food.I had most of mine leftover because I filled up on bread and salad :)will definitely revisit.
3	We have been going to this Olive Garden since it opened. I guess what bothers me most about Olive Garden is that every time I find a dish I really like, they remove it from the menu. That is true of all OG's not just this location. On this night, the wait was approximately 10 minutes at 7:44 pm. We had wonderful service (wish I would have noted her name) and she made some recommendations for me when she over heard my disappointment  in losing my favorite dish. I settled on the bruschetta and pesto salmon with crab risotto. It was tasty and cooked well. The salad is always good bit our breadsticks were hard and almost tasted old which is not usual. Overall, Olive Garden provides a solid meal. Is it the best no but it's ok for chain food and we will always go back just for shear ease and proximity.
1	Worst service I have experienced since moving to Arizona. I love Olive Garden as a chain and I have been to restaurants in several different states. This one started out badly. When we walked in, two servers and two hostesses were standing at the front counter complaining about their personal lives. No one looked at the door, no one greeted us, and when they finally acknowledged us, it was as though we were imposing on their lives. Once we finally got to the table, there were crumbs all over the bench. I can always understand this as I used to work as a server and bartender. When we asked for the host to bring something to clean it up, he brought a wet rag and not a dry one. Once we tried to get into our seats, he left without giving us a chance to ask for a dry towel to dry the seats. I decided to use my cloth napkin to clean it off-- as I was wearing a white dress. After sitting down and drying my seat (my significant other decided he would just tough it out in his black shorts), I looked up and realized 2 of the wine glasses which they set the table with were dirty and had actual food on the rims! After that, we still looked at the menu and thought about staying. As I said, I am pretty tolerant of dirty situations as a former server and bartender and I know how hard they work. Once 5 minutes passed and more than 5 staff members walked by without greeting us, we decided to walk out. I really love pasta and the way Olive Garden provides a consistent product throughout the US-- but, I will never be a patron of this specific location ever again.
1	I typically would not write a review, tonight I will make an exception.I arrived with my girlfriend at 7 p.m. and the restaurant was clearly not on wait. The two servers and two hostesses at the front did not so much as acknowledge us let alone greet us, for minutes. They seemed to be too busy chatting it up and giggling about everything but that night's service.  When they decided to acknowledge our presence a nice male host appeared quickly and seated us promptly. While walking to our table it was easily observed that while busy this establishment couldn't have been more than 75% seated. As we arrived at our table my girlfriend and I put our hands down on our respective booth seats only to draw our crumb covered hands back immediately. I asked if this table had been bussed (rhetorically) and proceeded to ask him if he could wipe down our seats. He did immediately and apologized, leaving us to sit in what were now wet seats (bring a dry towel next time you have to bus on the fly). My girlfriend used her cloth napkin to dry her seat while I was in far too deep and choose to deal with it as my golf shorts were black. The table was fairly clean and set with wine glasses cleaned well below par. After reading almost the whole menu, deciding on entrees, drinks and contemplating appetizers our conversation moved to how long it was going to take for somebody to come to our table. After discussing it for several more minutes we decided to leave (7:20 p.m.). As we were standing up a server attempted to ask what we would like to drink and my girlfriend informed her we were leaving. She looked surprised and another server wished us a good night and I replied in kind.I've always liked Olive Garden's food and have never had a problem with this location. However, tonight's service was one of the worst experiences I've had at any establishment. I'm an industry employee and am forgiving of slight misses here and there. I understand the processes of turning tables and coming out of volume. If nothing else I hope the GM and DM are privy to this review. I wish you well Chandler (Germann) OG, but I WILL NOT BE BACK!
4	Had a good experience here last night. The waitress was very prompt and attentive. The food came out hot and tasted good.
4	I've been there several times and overall it is always good. Service is always good. The manager usually stops by as well. The food is great.
5	We always receive great service and outstanding food at this location ! Our server Heather did an amazing job.  All her recommendations were "right-on" .  Thank you Olive Garden !Once again, we had delicious  lunch at this Gilbert location !  The food is always fresh and warm.  We will return often.   :-)The best Olive Garden in the East Valley !  James gets my nomination for " Employee of the Month " !   We have always received great Friday Night-out dinners at this gem restaurant.
5	We decided to come here on homecoming night. It was super busy and had to wait 45 minutes. But our server was wonderful!! He brought extra bread sticks to our table when we told him we loved bread sticks. Despite the busy restaurant he made sure we had everything we needed and our food was just right! Jamell is a great server and did a wonderful job under hectic circumstances! Thank You!
5	We come here ever so often and we sit in the bar because the girl behind the bar is amazing. Tonight we came in, saw her there and was excited to sit in the bar area. Well she always off, and still helped out. Erich was amazing too. Very helpful and on top of everything!! We are so fortunate to have a place to go to with amazing service on a Sunday night! Thanks guys!
3	Not much to say other than it is your standard chain Olive Garden. We have had good service at this one each time. We tend to go before it gets too busy so that may be why. My son and I always split the Chicken Parmesian and they always split it up for us on two plates without having to ask, which is nice. Go early and everything should be fine.
5	Update:After a long day of yard work, my wife and ate an early dinner three weeks ago.The staff was good nothing out of the ordinary. The food like it always it for me (it's my wife that always chooses to come here.) just ok. I'm not a big chain guy.Turns out I left my wallet here. Three days later I got a call saying they had my wallet. All the cash was still there. I couldn't believe it. So because of the honesty of the staff I am giving my review an update. It surly didn't expect to see it again.
1	We went here last night for dinner. My husband ordered the fettuccine alfredo and I did the rosemary garlic chicken. My husband ate about 1/4 of his meal, and his stomach started to get really upset. He waited a bit, then took a few more bites and his stomach got worse. My chicken was pretty good. It was light and flavorful. My husbands stomach was still pretty upset until mid-afternoon today. Probably going to stay clear of this Olive Garden from now on.
4	Delicious food. Consistently great servers. Always on top of our requests. Servers work hard and deserve to be tipped well. When you can do a hard job well, it deserves to be recognized. This place is always packed. Only reason why I am not giving 5 stars is for the long wait. But the wait understandable.
4	Always a great spot for some Italian or close to it ..great service and happy hour has always been good to me.  I hardly ever eat in the dining area, so the bar has always been a perfect spot for me and the TV is close enough to see all the action.  I would suggest maybe one more TV in the bar area though, but that's just me
1	I called to place an order for take-out.  It was for a business dinner for 6.  I spoke with the catering specialist and asked for help.  (The client requested Olive Garden, I have only eaten there once.)  She had no idea how to help me.  I asked her what was the most popular entree she said they are all popular.  She asked me if I would like her to list them alphabetically or would I like to visit the web site and then she laughed at me.  So I pulled up the website to find only 7 choices of pasta trays.  I asked about the gluten-free rotini since they didn't have the regular and she laughed again and said she has never tasted it.  I ordered, we confirmed the pick up time and then she said bye dear.  DEAR?! She was probably half my age!  I have ordered countless lunches for business meetings and have never been treated like this.  Never, never again at any location!
