5	They have a couple of locations around town, each of which has slightly different menu options.  My review of all of them would be about the same, but this is the one closest to me geographically.The omelettes are always delicious, the pumkin bread is a fixture.  The spuds are something I look forward to about going there.  Pricing is reasonable.  I haven't had anything here I didn't like.  They have normal people food, and they also have wierd stuff, for you California-types.  I have personally had the "Kitchen Sink", and it is actually really tasty.I reserve 5 stars for only my favorite haunts, and this is one of them.
2	Pretty basic, came in randomly on a sunday so we caught the church crowd, we were able to get one of the last tables and a line had formed just behind us. While entering i said to my girlfriend... i hope they arent just 8 or 10 dollar omeletes. Haha well that was most of their menu, but it was ok, some people need that variety. I only had the country scramble or somethin.Girlfriend was excited for the pumpkin bread but didnt eat half of it, not sure why.. only thing she liked was the feeling of the place, small, open, blackboard specials. Did not feel Las Vegasy AT ALL, more like a place in the mid west that would be on Diners Drive Ins and Dives.Def not the best so not much to say. i'd come back if i was in the mood.. maybe... ok i think i need to give this place a 2nd chance now i feel mean !!
4	If you are in Vegas, this is a must stop for Breakfast!  It doesn't look like anything fancy from the outside, and the inside decor looks like something your grandma decorated, not very modern, but homey and sweet.  The staff fits the decor as well.. very warm, very lovely.  The menu is full of culinary delights and fun concoctions that get your mouth watering and leave you wishing there were 20 people with you, so you could try one of everything!  Fresh ingredients, and 38 different omelets to choose from.  Each breakfast comes with your choice of toast, english muffin, pumpkin nut, or banana nut bread, or tortillas.  I opted for the banana nut bread, which was piping hot and delicious!  Choose from lobster, gulf shrimp, avocado, cherizo, among a ton of other proteins!  We ordered the Eggs Benedict Lobster, and the Lobster fest omelet.  Both were fantastic!  The benedict was rich, full of fresh, tender lobster, and cooling avocado, in a rich hollandaise, and perfectly poached eggs.  The Lobster Fest omelet was fresh, clean and light.. but a TON of it!  Very very good!  I already know what I'll be trying next!  They feature a Flatlanders Special with raw liver, parsnips, grunion lips, gardenia petals, and mint ice cream!  Probably not something I'd get everytime with a price tag of $69... but definitely a bucket list item!!  I'd also love to try "The Bugsy", featuring tender chunks of roast beef in an Italian red sauce.  Please make it a point to stop by next time you're in Vegas!  You'll leave with a very full belly and it's not bad on the wallet either!!!
1	Nothing special. Not a great breakfast place and their Italian dinner items are bland. Went twice. Never again. On my second visit we went with another couple that had an Entertainment Book coupon. The staff wouldn't allow us to sit together and use both coupons. (Only one coupon per table, they said, although that wasn't specified on the coupon.) So our friends had to sit at a table next to us and we shouted at each other to have a conversation. Ridiculous.Plus their highly touted banana bread reeks of artificial banana flavoring, not fresh bananas; and their special potatoes (served instead of standard hash browns) are like thick, hard, and slightly greasy potato chips.I don't get the couple of enthusiastic reviews here. Perhaps they have a storied past, but for a Vegas newcomer (two months) this isn't even up to a Denny's standard.
3	I usually love coming here for their Homemade Corned Beef Hash and Eggs but this time I was a little upset with the service. All of the times I have been here they would serve their homemade Pumpkin Bread before breakfast but I wasn't even offered any. I thought maybe they ran out so I just let it go until I heard another waitress next to me offer it to another table. I did one of these inner Grrrrr! sounds but it was already too late because I was getting full. My hot chocolate was never refilled even though I do get one refill for free with my order. This is my first experience here where I received less than stellar service so I will not dwell on it. I also noticed that most all of the little knick knacks were replaced with much more modern decor. I preferred the little knick knacks because it gave the place more character now it just feels really superficial.
1	Totally cheap, nasty, gross food! Skip this place.
1	One of the worst restaurants in Las Vegas. The wait staff is slow and sometimes downright rude. They post coupons all over town (newspapers, entertainment books, etc) but act completely rude and condescending when you try to use them. The last straw for us was when we tried to use a 2-for-1 coupon at 7pm on a Tuesday. Restaurant was completely empty except for one other table. We were told that we could not use the coupon on breakfast (we both ordered omelets), only on their "Italian Special" dinners. SERIOUSLY?!?!? Never again. Now I only go to Cracked Egg, Egg Works or Egg and I.
4	Looking at the reviews I don't know if we are talking about the same place.  I thoroughly enjoyed my meal at this place.  Dozens of Omelet's to choose from.  Our server was quick and attentive.  The layout of the place is nothing to be desired, but they left a couple pictures up to let people know they were proud Chicago transplants.After exploring their vast menu I had the Californian.  They offer spuds or hash browns I decided on the spuds.  When the food came I noticed they did not skimp on portions.  The spuds were great some were crispy which I love, and the omelet was delicious.  I really had a great experience enough so that I will be back.
4	We love stopping  by for breakfast or lunch. They have a nice variety of menu items for either one. The staff is friendly and the service is quick. This is your basic cafe fare, but they do it very efficiently.
2	This place was not very good. I'm happy that I had a coupon (2 for 1), but I won't be coming back. The service was alright, but the food was not tasty... just kind of bland. I didn't get an omelet; I ordered a hamburger. I've had better hamburgers at Jack in the Box. I'm serious. Anyway... Try it for yourself, you may have a different opinion.
5	Delicious!  We were on the hunt for some omelets and heard from a local friend about their huge selection.  We were excited to find over 40 different omelets!  As a bonus, the owners clearly had some Chicago ties, so we felt right at home.  Service was great and the avocado and tomato in my Green Hornet omelet were super fresh.  I'd definitely recommend checking it out.
2	Not nearly as good as the one on Boulder Hwy. Ordered a simple Bacon and Eggs and the bacon was to salty, the eggs were cold, and the toast was nearly burned. The potatoes were good and the price was great.
4	I love the green chili omelet. Great service too.
4	The Bugsy Siegel omelet is the stuff dreams are made of. Okay maybe just my dreams but still. The tender chunks of italian roast beef and melted mozzarella cheese inside of an omelet are pure heaven to me. The home style potatoes are equally delicious. This location seems less busy than the other and usually has 2 for 1 coupons in the paper. The service is always prompt and friendly.
4	Overall the place is pretty good.  Omelets are huge and the food is good.  Service is usually spot on.  It has a bright and friendly atmosphere.  Not sure what these other yelpers are talking about.  Bacon was salty?  Isn't bacon suppose to be naturally salty?
1	Went to the Omelet House for breakfast yesterday and after being seated (no wait) could not get the attention of anyone to get us coffee or water. Waited a good 15 minutes and never got helped.  When a waiter went to the table next to us to ask if everything was ok he looked at us and walked on.  My wife and I decided to leave and as we were getting up a waitress ran over and said she would help us.  At that point we had already decided to go elsewhere as there are a couple of other good breakfast places in the area which I won't mention in this review so I don't look like I am writing this to put in a plug for somewhere else!  The kicker was that as we passed the front counter the guy who sat us 15 minutes ago never looked up and said " Thanks for Coming"! What made it funny is that no one else was seated after us and he didn't recognize that we had left unserved.  Don't bother going here. People don't seem to matter.
3	Not bad food was alright / service was good
4	I recently discovered this location a month ago and am glad that is saves me a drive from the Charleston location I used to frequent.  Even though this location is popular and busy I've always been able to find a seat with minimal wait times.  I was satisfied that it was clean, specials were communicated on the chalk board as soon as you walk in, and everyone is really friendly.What I really enjoy here is the basic breakfast since it's one of my favorite meals, I got the ham and eggs with toast.  Sure what I choose is a basic breakfast but I loved how it's all freshly made and the ham was cooked well and not overly salty.  I've eaten here with friends who've gotten the "Kitchen Sink Omelet" and various sandwiches and everyone has always left full and with boxes for the leftovers.If you're up for a clean, friendly, and delicious breakfast/lunch place with friends I'm sure anyone can find something on the menu.  I've already added this to one of my options on weekend mornings.
4	We arrived with a open attitude. As usual- Yelp had some very negative and some very positive comments. We are new residents to Las Vegas after moving from Seattle. The restaurant is located in a strip mall of Summerlin- about 12 miles from the strip. The restaurant is family owned with beautiful pictures of the kids. This is definately not your chain restaurant. The service was exceptional with the waitress filling my coke about 4 times. The meal started with a huge slice of homemade pumpkin loaf that was great.I had the kitchen sink. It was very large and fresh. It was absolutely huge with lots of cheese and very fresh. There were a few strange things like pieces of meatball. I think it had about 5 eggs and I had to bring half home.My wife had the shrimp omelette. The shrimp was probably frozen but still very tasty. There was a ton of cheese.We did not like the potato chips- sliced potatoes with skin on. The fries were kinda mediocre. Next time we order the hash browns.The total bill was $25.00 which was very reasonable for excellent food and great service.Atmosphere: Community diner with a ton of local people- lots of elderly also. Not too many kids so it was a very quiet and pleasant Sunday breakfast.Overall: Excellent value and a great community feel- a definite return visit.Great value. Wonderful service. Very fresh. Definitely coming back.Kitchen sink really has everything
5	Eat here often. Food is always good , service is great . Very friendly staff.Would highly recommend to anyone.
4	Eggs are the best and in my view under rated food. This little joint is in the strip mall by Smiths on Lake Mead & Rampart. I ran in there for lunch on a weekday. I was seated at the counter and ordered an omelet with ham, mushrooms and Swiss. It was enormous and served with home made chips, coffee and toast. Simply delicious. The restaurant is near Sun City so it is frequented by a mainly older crowd but I did see a few 'youngsters' , including a girls with a bunch of carrots tattooed on her leg! Most original!
5	Anyone going MUST try the fried zucchini it's AMAZING!! Great service and great food!! The servings are huge!! You can not beat the price. We will definitely be returning and recommending it to everyone.
1	Not the same quality of food compared to the W. Charleston location...
1	Upon arriving the restaurant was not busy for an early sunday morning. We were the only ones waiting to be seated. We were a party of 6 with 4 being children. I asked to have one highchair. I was seated at a booth then had to remind the waitress after several minutes if I could please have my highchair. The staff didn't seem too friendly but perhaps they are more used to serving the mostly an older crowd and were put off by all my kids. As far as the food we ordered the biscuits and gravy with eggs and potatoes. It was not good and worse my breakfast potatoes were green. The waffle and french toast breakfast plates were just ok not worth the price. The only on who enjoyed his food was my son who ordered pancakes with chocolate chips. They are not cooked in like other places they just threw a ton of chips on top so he had a big melted mess of chocolate everywhere. I'm pretty sad I did not get the experience everyone else seems to rave about. Normally I give places with really good reviews a second chance in case I came on a bad day. This place I will not being coming back to. If a cook bothers to serve me a potato thats obviously not ripe and green makes me feel like they don't care about the food they serve.
5	We have been going to the Omellet House for about 2 years. We have eaten breaksfast, lunch and dinner there. We go 2-3 times a week. We love their food and their family of servers. The owners mother and father work the nights, mostly. However, the owners father also does host work on the weekends. It is a family owned and run type of business. If you ever have an issue, you should discuss it with the owner. He will make it right. We love frequenting our local neighborhood businesses and keeping our money in the local neighborhood. This was definietely a GREAT find for us.If you have never been, you should give it a try!!!
4	Omelet was huge! I had the "Popeye".  Came with Homemade Banana bread, was amazing! Service was pretty good. There whenever we needed. Would definitely recommend if you like omelets!
4	I came back after a couple of years to get my usual corned beef hash w/ scrambled eggs and hot chocolate.  The dish also comes with just the right amount of potatoes. It was still delicious and this time I had  sampled the banana and pumpkin bread. They were both very tasty especially if you spread a little butter on the warm bread....yum!
5	Chicago sports fan rejoice! Having moved to Vegas 2 years ago and being a Cubs fan I find its hard to get comfortable as most restaurants and bars try to stay as neutral as possible so as not to offend customers from competing cities.The Omelet House doesnt care about that nonsense. They are proud to be from Chicago and dont  try to hide it. All of their decor is Chicago based and I was in heaven.Ok so how was the food? It was awesome! There was two of us and we split three dishes. The daughter had eggs Benedict and I had the loch ness. We split the waffle plate. The daughter said the Benedict was delicious and loved the waffle. My loch ness was pretty good but kinda gross at the same time.  I love seafood and I love eggs/breakfast dishes but have never tried to put the two together? Had to give it a try. The Shrimp was fresh but the shrimp flavor didnt mix well with the eggs and the avocado didnt help blend the flavors together. My suggestion for it would be to add a creamy white sauce to help blend the three contrasting flavors together.The wait staff was top notch always willing to make a suggestion and refill your drink. Jen was our server and she was awesome and knew the dishes well enough to answer the many questions I had as well as to make suggestions bases on my questions.The spiced pumpkin bread is amazing as well. I just cant seem to say enough nice things about this place but yes it is amazing and this humble Yelper highly recommends it.
5	I ate here for the first time recently. I had the best banana bread, served warm with a side of butter.... I had an omelet with bacon and avocado and bell peppers. The service was average but the food was great !! I'll be back for sure
1	DO NOT EAT HERE... especially if you have kids. this is the same name, but "not affiliated" with the other Omelet Houses. This store is not run the same, and they are not customer friendly. Everything is an upcharge. I refuse to order adult portions, and spend $12 for each of my kids to eat, when they only are going to eat a small amount. NO KIDS menu, no kids drinks. i tried to order from the "specials menu" which also says "kids under 10 anytime" and No special prices on HOLIDAYS. Are you kidding me? $7.89 for dry greasy eggs that my daughter didnt finish because they were poor quality.My family does not eat PORK. Upcharge for turkey sausage, no turkey bacon! We will not ever return to this place ever. Their prices are already high enough, in my opinion, to absorb the cost of a single tiny Jimmy Dean turkey sausage patty. $3.99 for a single patty of turkey sausage... WOW! definitely not customer friendly pricing strategy. The server was nice, and friendly, and understanding, but agreed that the place was not kid or customer friendly. Had we not already ordered and received drinks, we would have left without ordering.They can try to gouge the seniors and folks without kids who may patronize this place, but I can definitely see them going out of business.
3	It's OK.  As my wife says, we wouldn't go out of our way to eat here.  However, when in the area, it is an option.
5	This place was awesome for some good breakfast and my server Pam was great! It was my first time there and she helped me find something I would enjoy instead of just trying to up sell me on something dumb. she also then took great care of me after that... I will for sure be going to see Pam!
3	Good food, huge servings. Decent service.
3	Chicago themed neighborhood breakfast spot that caters to local families.  It's tucked in the corner of the Smith's shopping center.  They offer a pretty wide/diverse selection of omelets plus some other breakfast dishes & lunch items.  Despite the name, we noticed that they had dinner menus there too.We stopped in on a Saturday morning around 10am, and there was a 15 minute wait for a table.  It has a family owned business feel; everything and everybody has a purpose.  There were quite a few families with children who were all well behaved.  Service was no frills and to the point, but it was difficult to get water refills.Bf was super happy about his omelet, the #20 Polish Omelet that was stuffed with cheddar & polish sausage.  The ham & egg plate was better than it looked.  The mentality here was one of 'if it ain't broke, don't fix it', so I highly suspect that they will thrive on with the same consistency of service, menu, decor, etc.  Will nothing was bad, nothing was overly memorable as well.
4	very large portions, good food will be back when real hungry!
5	Great place for breakfast! Family friendly and great service. Yummy hollandaise sauce on my benedict.
5	Great place
4	This place is pretty consistent when it comes to quality of the food and service. They are super-busy on Saturdays so expect to wait a bit for both seating and placing your order. Eat the pancakes when they're hot or they get a bit chewy!
4	breakfast is always very good, the lunch menu is even better
1	I hate leaving bad reviews, but I feel I must, in this case.  I will absolutely never eat here again. I've eaten at this location with my mother several times, as she enjoys talking with the  owner's family, who are from the old country (Italy/Sicily). I've never been terribly impressed with the food, and the spuds/fries are just awful. I hadn't been back for over a year, and I was nearby and decided to give the place another chance. Big mistake. I ordered one of the cheeseburgers and went to take a bite when I noticed tiny green flecks in the interior of the bun. I inspected the bun more thoroughly, and saw a larger (about 1/4 inch diameter) patch of light green mold. I called my server over and informed her of the problem and that I would not be paying for the meal. She was very apologetic and offered to replace my meal with something else from the menu. My appetite was gone at this point, so I elected to leave. As I was gathering my things, I saw my server showing the manager (one of the managing family) my burger. The manager actually said to my server: "I don't know what that is, but it isn't mold." Really? I know what moldy bread looks like when I see it, and I'm sure as heck not going to eat it!! I just hope that the manager didn't take my bill out of the server's check.
3	Pretty good hidden little spot for breakfast in Summerlin.  Really, it is kinda hidden.  If I didn't see the bunch of people coming out of this little place on a Sunday morning I might have never thought to look in this corner of the strip mall!  It's located in the Smith's shopping center off of Rampart and Lake Mead.  Seems like this Omelet House is owned by a family that is from Chicago, so the decor reflects as much.  I have no problem with that, the home of Michael Jordan and the Chicago Hot Dog (one of my fav sinful snacks) are OK with me.  It was super busy on a Sunday morning, good mix of locals and what seemed to be a bunch of church goers.  Praise be!  Hallelujah!  I got the Spirit inside me!  Sorry, sorry...too many Madea movies lately.After a short wait we were seated by our nice hostess.  I'm thinking she may be one of the owners, her native Chicago accent was present!  A few short minutes later our waitress presented herself and brought us our drinks of water and coffee.  The menu at The Omelet House is almost typical with lots of other breakfast joints here in Vegas.  Lots and lots of breakfast items, with a mix of burgers, sandwiches, salads, and soups.  I know this place does dinner as well, but I didn't get to go through that menu so we'll just focus on breakfast and lunch.  I really like how this Omelet House has a sprinkling of Chicago in their menu, they have some good looking stuff.  Specialties like Chicago dogs, and Italian beef sandwiches can be had for your meal.  There are a number of omelettes and breakfast specials to choose from, it can be overwhelming.I stuck with what I like from these breakfast joints, a Club Sandwich.  Yes, a Club Sandwich.  In this case at The Omelet House, a California Club.  Comes with turkey, avocado, lettuce, tomato, and mayo on white or wheat bread.  Also a side of potato spuds (think chips), fries, soup or salad.  I don't know what it is about a Club Sandwich that I like so much.  Might be the nostalgia of when we used to go to restaurants as a kid my Mom would always order a Club Sandwich and share some with me.  Might be that 3rd layer of bread that made a Club Sandwich seem so darn special.Anyway, the Club Sandwich at The Omelet House was good.  A nice sized portion, big looking sandwich.  The bread was nice and toasted, the veggies were fresh, and the fries were tasty.  Not the best Club Sandwich I've ever had because this one needed more mayo (lots please), and some bacon!  This sandwich would have been off-the-cuff with some crispy bacon!  It was just missing a punch of salt.The wifey had a corned beef omelet with potato spuds.  Large omelet!  Very tasty too.  The salty corned beef went great with the delicate eggs.  Add some Tabasco and it was some good eats.  But I have had better omelettes elsewhere.  Breakfasts also come with your choice of toast, english muffin, pumpkin nut bread, banana nut bread, or tortillas.  We got the banana nut bread and it was yummy.  Not too dry, lots of bananas!  It's a tad pricy to eat at The Omelet House I'm guessing because it is Summerlin after all.  Much of the menu ranges from the $7 - $10 area for entree type dishes.  So if you're a cheapy look at the menu accordingly.  Service is fast since you will probably be eating with a million other people.  But they are nice for the most part.  Probably be back here again for a meal, just wouldn't be my top choice.
1	The food was great,  but the wait staff and management were by far the worst I've encountered.  The simple task of splitting the check, was out of their grasp. 4 times and we finally got a bill that was accurate. Unfortunately we had to deal with the attitudes and the idiotic second grade math. Make sure you bring your calculator to double check the math.
5	A great place for omelets!  They have a great selection, even some healthy options. I had the egg white omelet. It was huge and stuffed with spinach and mushrooms. I tried a side of pumpkin bread and it was served warm with a side of butter. So good!We had great service, and were in and out under an hour.
4	I had the lobster Benedict and I liked it. Tasted like real lobster, not shy on the lobster or avocado. my hubby had the Kitchen sink and he liked it. All in all I would be back to this hidden gem. Nice family owned restaurant. We went on a third around 3:30pm and it was good.
4	Eggs Benedict with lobster was great! Service was great, decor was old .. Price was just right fr the food quality
4	The food was delicious I had the California Omelette I highly recommend it! The staff is very nice and attentive will definitely come back.
5	I have been coming here for about 2 years due to one item on the menu.  The ham and bean soup is INSANE.  The best soup in Vegas hands down.   The rest of the menu is awesome as well but get the SOUP.   Sick.
4	Unpretentious place - family owned . Good breakfast but also a place we like to go for salads and soups for dinner ( although they close a little early - 7pm:((.  Great service !  Try the fried zucchini - good stuff
3	I was surprised about how busy this place is, given it was breakfast and on a Sunday, however, it just never looked that busy to me from the outside. We went on around 10 am - the wait was 20 minutes for two people. However, there were two open seats at the counter with no waiting so we sat there. They told me that it was always that busy on weekend mornings. I had the St. Paddy's Day Omelet. Per the waitress the omelets were the best thing to get, made with six eggs. It was a little under $11. It was huge and could feed two people. The St. Paddy's Day omelet contained corned beef hash and cheddar cheese.  The omelet itself wasn't that impressive, other than the size, it tasted okay but a true omelet should be fluffy and a little soft in the center. This had more than consistency of a frittata, eggs were overcooked and was more dense than fluffy. The I picked the spuds that went with it. I think that they cut potatoes on a mandolin and fried them.  There was no vegetables, such as onion and green pepper like you may expect in a country potato, the slices were inconsistent as to thickness which in turn made them inconsistent as to how they were cooked. Some were really crispy like a potato chip and other thicker slices were undercooked and greasy in the center. Also, the entree came with banana bread, this was tasty, not sure if it was homemade or a box mix though. Some place you can easily tell box mix but either I was really hungry or my palette was off that I just wasn't sure.  There is a 2 for 1 coupon in the entertainment book up to $7.00 off. So for two people with two omelets our total was around $18.00, I also had coffee which was $2.50. I debated between the two and three stars, the food was "meh" but the portion size was good and the waitress was very accommodating and nice. Also, she was relatively attentive considering how busy they were and it appeared that they were understaffed. Also, as a side note it took forever to get our food - they warned us they were back up after we ordered.
4	Banana bread was delicious and the Mediterranean omelet with shrimp and lobster inside was amazing.
5	Finally! A breakfast place just like back home! I'm all about Chicago; it's food and it's people.  I ordered the French Toast and my guest had the Pancakes.  Both items were fluffy and served with warm syrup.  Very friendly service - family oriented atmosphere - Chicago ambiance.
5	Great breakfast place!  Yummy homemade pumpkin bread and awesome selection on omelette's.  Very generous portions! Can't wait to come back next time I'm in Vegas!
2	This place has a large menu of items to choose from, but just average food. The service isn't the best and not much for kids to choose from either. I don't understand when waiters try to stick it to you either. When I ordered for my kids, he put down all the items as individual side orders instead of as a combo as it is on the menu. He stated that its because the side order is a bigger portion, well geez... I didn't think that was necessary for a 7 year old girl AFTER I just asked him for suggestions on menu items that have SMALLER portions. Then when the bill came, the kids drinks were rang in as adult ones.  I'll stick to other breakfast places in the area. The stars were only given for the wide variety of menu options, not much else positive to say about this place.
5	Great breakfast place the chorizo omelet is my favorite so far. Huge portions and unbelievably cheap price for what your getting. The pumpkin bread is great also. Nothing is better then the fried zucchini as an appetizer it's crazy good a must try.
4	Great service, food and a comfortable atmosphere. The omelets are huge, you really get your money's worth.
3	Gr8 omelets and Italian food.  Neighborhood breakfast/lunch spot w/decent service.  Food seems sometimes inconsistent.  Can have gr8 baked ziti and then awful chicken picatta.  Nice lunch specials.  The Pilgrim sandwich is my favorite.  Good ambience and business can be conducted.  Go w/smaller omelette.  Family friendly.
5	Love this place, spuds are delish and the dinner specials are only at this location.  My favorites are Farmer Juan and Country club omelettes
5	This is our spot.  It's a family owned restaurant with a family atmosphere.   We come in every weekend for the food, because it is phenomenal,  but also for the service which is better than any other restaurant in this town.  Hands down!  The price is great.  The staff is friendly.  The owner or his son are the ones who greet you.  It is the absolute best!  Get the Chili Verde omlet and Spuds.  I swear to you it is amazing!!!!
5	For a home style weekend local breakfast joint, this places kills. Great friendly service. Potato slices are interesting and the large whole eggs are a beautiful bright orange color - showing their good quality. Avoid the steak though.
5	This is a bit overdue and reflects several trips to the Omelet House. The service is good, the omelet selection is huge, and the several I've had are each delicious. I'll continue to frequent this place whenever I'm in the mood for a good breakfast. Be warned that the Sunday brunch crowd can be large. That said, they do a pretty good job of moving people through.
5	We love this place. The food is created with quality ingredients, and never disappoints. The Italian beef is out of this world, but so is everything else on themenu.  We are always greeted with a smile which  is something you don't alwayssee in Vegas.  The service is the best ever!This is our new favorite place hands down.
5	I went here for breakfast with my family. I had the yummy mushroom chicken sandwich. Food was great, good service, good prices will be back soon!
5	I went with my family one morning and it was great! The portions are huge! Good food, good service and low prices!
4	Haven't been here for awhile   The corned beef hash and home cut potatoes are still great. The service is always friendly.
5	My ladies group of 12 met here for a lunch last Tuesday.   They were VERY accommodating, and efficient.  Had the tables setup in no time, wait staff was impressive.  While the entire place was packed, we felt like we were the only people they needed to take care of.   Superior service!     Try the Ham and Bean Soup and Garlic Toast, you will not be disappointed..
1	My family and I have been going to the Omlet House for several years, however I had an experience that caused me to never return.  My husband, son, and I went to have breakfast one Saturday morning.  We arrived and were seated at approximately 8 am.  I had a meeting and had to leave around 9.  I ordered Eggs Benedict and at 8:45 our food was finally delivered.  The plates were too hot to touch, suggesting the food had sat under the heat lamp for quite some time.  When I cut into my eggs they were hard cooked.  I tried to flag down the waitress, but had to wait about 10 minutes to finally get her attention.  When she finally came over I asked her to please remove it from the bill.  She told me if I ate even one bite she was unable to.  I hadn't eaten even a bite.  The owner came over and gave me a $7 off card for our next visit.  I thanked him but told him I just wanted the meal taken off and didn't need a coupon off our next meal.  It was a simple mistake and unfortunately didn't have time to have the eggs remade.  No harm, no foul.  He insisted I take the coupon.  I had to leave so my husband paid the bill.  Later in the day I looked at the receipt and saw I was charged for the Eggs Benedict after all!  I went back to the restaurant and tried to explain the situation.  The owner came up to the cashier and said he had given me a $7 off coupon.  The improperly prepared food had cost $10.99.  I asked for her to refund the money plus tax.  The owner took $10 out of his pocket and tossed it on the counter and asked for his coupon back and rudely suggested that I order something else IF I come back.  As I turned to leave the cashier said to the owner, loudly enough for me to hear, that she couldn't believe I was making such a big deal over $10 and that if I couldn't afford to go out to eat then I shouldn't go out to eat.  I left this restaurant feeling really horrible.  Twice a month for the past 3 years we have eaten there, we have spent about $40 per meal.  Yet I was treated so poorly when I asked for a wrong to be righted.  I will not return and hope that they treat other customers better than me.
5	We have been customers for several years.  The restaurant has only improved over the years.  Food is always consistent. Very tasty.  If you are dissatisfied with anything about your food, they quickly work to prepare a new meal for you.  Our picky granddaughter always orders the eggs Benedict and says it is her favorite.  Lunch and dinner are very good too. Servers are professional and friendly as are the owners who are almost always in the restaurant ready greet and even serve you.
4	They have a great selection of omelets...lots to choose from.  My husband had the chili verde one and I tried the ham and cheese. The omelets were very good and flavorful...full of the meats and pretty good sized. I would have liked them to be a little warmer...the cheese wasn't completely melted but they tasted great nonetheless. I love the "potato chips" they serve instead of the breakfast potatoes you get at every other breakfast spot. I'm really picky about my sourdough toast...don't judge me!  But they nailed it...just the right amount of brown and butter!  (More jelly options would have been nice though) The service was top notch and they have a loyalty rewards program which is nice. We will definitely be returning to this little tucked away gem!
3	As other reviewers stated, service is spotty (polite, but mostly absent, which is strange in a place this size).  Food is good: omelets are LARGE - clearly can be split by 2 regular size folks.  Well prepared and full of good stuff.  Our sides of the banana bread and pumpkin bread were clearly warmed over which was a little embarrassing for the waitress (who danced around the subject)  But the main course, which was the reason for visiting, hit the mark.Not easy to get in and out of since you pay at the register (paying during our visit turned into a 10 minute ordeal - it happens).  But, as Yelp says, A-OK.
5	Been going here for the last 5 years and I love it every time. It's the consistency of the food and the fact that it's great food for the price. It's similar to Cheers where, if you're a regular, "everyone knows your name". Stuffed French toast, Popeye Omelet, any club sandwiches! Thanks Iggy. See you soon!
4	Staff and service were top notch, owner was very nice.I had the Eggs Benedict and added a side of banana bread. The Eggs Benedict was delicious, loved their "potato chips", dip those in the Hollandaise....yum!My husband got the Chili Verde Omelet and they were accommodating and allowed him to add jalapenos to it. It was tasty as well. Our friends enjoyed their breakfast as well. I'm surprised more people don't know about this place. the dining room is large. We went on a Sunday morning about 9:30 and it was half empty but there were plenty of people both coming and going, so they were busy. The crowd was mainly older folks but it's because it's location is so close to Sun City.I would go back again if given the chance.
5	Great little breakfast & lunch diner. The service was really really good. Menu is big and choices for everyone. I got lunch and my husband got breakfast. Fast, friendly, and good food. Nice surprise and perfect meal for our long drive home on New Years Eve.
