4	If I ever have the urge to spend more money on bedding than the current value of my house, this is the place to do it.  I actually learned of The Linen Tree when they were listed as a retailer of Molton Brown bath products on another website.  My first impression was not the best, however.When I could not find a product on their website, I asked via on-line chat which was supposedly "open."  No one answered.  No worries, I emailed instead.  Again, I never received a response.  At that point I decided if they could not respond to a shampoo inquiry, I would never buy my next set of $777 bath towels here either.  And so I purchased the shampoo from Saks.  And for all you haters that now think I can only use the finest shampoo, it was not for me.  It was for my husband.  And any time a man is interested in any product related to hygiene, I recommend you ladies support him...no matter the cost.  The opposite extreme is far more costly.Fast forward 2 weeks and I need drawer sachets as a gift.  So I did the unthinkable and went back to TLT when I struck out elsewhere.  And I am now in love with that store!  Kind of luck my husband.   Didn't care for him at first, but he grew on me.  In a good way, not like a tumor.  Anywho, what I found at TLT was a beautiful selection of all things bed and bath...linens, lovely soaps and bath products, accessories, and my drawer sachets.  There's also a nice selection of china, table linens and pretty decorative items.  As for the staff, they were very polite and helpful.  I'm only knocking a star for the rocky start.TLT will definitely be on my list for gift items.  Maybe I'll even treat myself occasionally, too!
5	Elegant. Sophisticated. Drool-all-over-everythingly gorgeous. The Linen Tree is filled with the highest quality products, and the customer service is always impeccable. I literally wanted to cuddle into all the sheets and duvets and comforters and never leave the first time I visited. And perhaps every subsequent visit after that. And by perhaps, I mean definitely.Visually put, The Linen Tree is like a glamorous version of Pottery Barn. Yes, they have linens as the name suggests, but they also have dining sets, furniture, bathroom products, perfume, home decor, candles, and just about everything else needed to make your house a home fit for royalty. The owners personally travel all over the world and reach out to artisans on a local, national, and even global scale to offer their customers unique handcrafted products worth envying.Yes, The Linen Tree is sophisticated and ritzy, but they also offer plenty of products under $20 that are perfect for gifts or simply pampering yourself with. Do not feel intimidated by my description here. It's not my fault I'm in love. At any rate, the owners and employees are wonderful, attentive people who love what they do and want you to feel at home, whether you're picking up a full bedding set or a candle for your mother.So seriously stop in when you get a chance! It is located in an unassuming strip in North Scottsdale, but you will be transported into a new, breathtaking dimension when you step inside.
