5	The couple that runs this place are very nice.  Cleaning comforters for $9.80 a pop is great when I have 2 dogs at home always messing mine up!!!!  They've tailored a couple of my wife's jeans w/ excellent results at a reasonable price.
3	We took my boyfriend's ties for work to be cleaned here as it is near our house. The ties were pretty bad with a lot of food and ink stains on them and we were told they would do their best but can not guarantee the stains would be removed. They did a great job getting the stains out of them and the price was reasonable. We will be back to drop off his next round of ties :)
1	My husband brought 7 jerseys for cleaning to this store.  A few days later they gave him back 6.  He asked for the missing shirt and they denied having it even though he had the receipt stating 7 shirts.  They "found" it in the back, after my husband insisted for them to keep looking.  It was COVERED in chemical stains all over the front and back.  It was soaking wet.  The owner Fanny said if they could not remove the stains they would cover the price for a new jersey.  They never contacted us when they said they would.  Today when we spoke to the owner, she said she would give us store credit and that is all.  She said she did not have $70 to cover the price of a new jersey (we only asked for $70, even though we bought it new a few months ago for $129).Then, ALL OF A SUDDEN, she said she did not speak English!!!!  We disputed this with our credit card company.  When the company contacted Fanny's husband Danny, he told our credit card company that they hand washed the jersey (WITHOUT OUR PERMISSION, by the way) because we brought it in covered with grease stains on the back.  It only had faint arm-pit sweat stains when we brought it in.  Now this!THIS IS A COMPLETE LIE.  DANNY IS A LIAR.  DO NOT TAKE YOUR CLOTHES HERE!  The missing jersey was an authentic Nike NEYMAR jersey.  They denied EVER having received it, and then tried to hide it  As the World Cup is going on now, we feel strongly they were trying to steal it!  Did they try to steal it and then stained it?  What is going on???  The jersey is COVERED it with chemical stains. DO NOT TRUST THEM WITH YOUR CLOTHES!!!!
5	My comforter was in need of a good cleansing. So on the way home from work I saw this big sign in front of this dry cleaning joint that read "comforters 9.99." My first thought was, ok what's the catch?... 9.99 for a twin bed comforter? But $35 for a queen? Lol. No, it was 9.99 for my queen, and they did a great job on it to boot. Service was friendly and helpful. I definitely will go back.
