1	On our last day at Mandalay Bay Convention Center, we hadn't eaten since breakfast and needed a little bite to eat so I found the food court outside the convention hall near the Shark Reef attraction. I ordered two burgers and learned that they do not just sell burgers. You have to get a burger with fries. Everything is so overpriced! The burgers sadly, were quite undercooked. I ate some parts of the perimeter of the burger but couldn't eat anywhere near the center. It was gross. It was such a long walk to go back to the food court from where our booth was, so we just said screw it and threw it away.  $29 and change for two undercooked burgers, fries and one sprite. Yucka!
4	We ordered delivery through Grubhub. Hubby liked the seasoning on the burger and I enjoyed my fish n chips. Kiddo enjoyed her corndog. Nothing fancy but tasty to say the least. We will be ordering from again.
4	Ok so these darn casinos will overcharge for everything, but besides costing far to much for burgers, the food was really good! I actually think it was better than the burger I had at The House of Blues. We got a classic burger with some onion rings on top, fries, chicken sandwich with onion rings, a large soda and bottled beer for $45! Yikes that's vegas for you. But at least it was really tasty.
1	Don't really know where to begin. I guess I'll start by saying the service is ridiculously slow! It took forever for me to get a burger and drink. Even standing in the line waiting it took forever for me to get my food ordered. When it was finally my turn the cashier just walks away leaving me waiting there. Then after a few minutes she decides to grace me with her presence and just take my order! How sweet of her right? Anyways I order and I wait another 10 minutes for my food. Well it must have sat there because the burger was cold and it tasted like crap to boot. Then about an hour later I felt a nasty rumbling in my stomach and had to book it to the bathroom. That was the first thing I had eaten that day so there was nothing else that could have caused that. For the burger and drink it set me back $13.00. I am sure that for some it is a good place to get a quick cheaper bite to eat in Vegas but for me it's not.
