5	How could I ever thank you enough? All About Catering is far and away the BEST caterer I have ever seen. The compliments on the food and the staff are still pouring in, I could not be more impressed. The first time I tasted their food I knew they were amazing at what they do, then at the actual event they went above and beyond my expectations. Also every time I called or emailed them I got a response immediately which was very helpful. Not only are the staff friendly and professional the food is 5 stars!
5	For our tenth anniversary, my husband and I returned to Las Vegas, where we were married, with friends and family in tow.  We decided that rather than a restaurant, since we were a small group, we would have a suite party, and since our anniversary is Halloween, it needed to be as over-the-top as our wedding.  I contacted about a half dozen different caterers in Vegas, but decided on All About Catering for two reasons:  1) their awesome Halloweeen themed menu and 2) Kyle's professionalism and awesome personality.  Since I was coming from Orlando, Florida, I was taking a leap of faith and I'm so glad I did.  The food and presentation was amazing.  Our guests loved everything, especially the bacon wrapped shrimp, artichoke dip, and cupcakes!  If I ever host another party in Vegas, I'll be calling Kyle and All About Catering first.  Thank you for making my tenth anniversary party a night to remember!
5	I recently attended a dinner catered by All About Catering LV, and it was fantastic! The food was delicious and healthy, and the presentation was lovely! I was especially happy that there were plenty of vegan options, and even the omnivores loved them. Chefs Alexis and Kyle were so friendly and happy to answer any questions about the dishes. Great food and great service!
5	I just used All About Catering for an open house at my new practice. They were very professional. Food was excellent.  They had a very unique spread of appetizers and I got tons of compliments from my guests. Highly recommended!
5	Our company Implant Direct has been using their catering services for a while now. All I can say is that they are very professional and the food is amazing!!!  If you are looking for something with a twist but with amazing flavors this is the catering company to use. We are having a 3 day event and today they served some delicious enchiladas and the chile poblano stuffed was mouth watering. They Never disappoint.  Thank guys!!!
5	My wife and I were recently married in Las Vegas and we had a bit of an untraditional reception.  We had the normal walk down the aisle wedding and had 40 of our closest friends and family attend.  We then returned to our suite where we had an "in-suite reception".  We had hired Kyle and his team to take care of all the catering and bartending and I have to say that they made our wedding day perfect.  I've never dealt with a group of people that were as professional and fun as they were.  Kyle and Mike (Kyle's bartender) called me periodically leading up to the wedding date to ensure I had all my questions answered and literally made the catering and bartending experience the least stressful part of our wedding planning.  Kyle even personally came up to our suite the day before our wedding to help plan and set up our seating and table arrangements.  How many caterers have you dealt with take this level of personal interest in anyone's wedding?  I wouldn't even think of using any other caterer and plan on hiring them again for our 1 year anniversary celebration and any other event I throw in Las Vegas.  If you're looking for a caterer and are not at least strongly considering All About Catering, you're missing out.  And I almost forgot because the experience was so good, but most importantly, the food was PHENOMINAL!  I can't tell you how many compliments we got from our guests about how good the food was.   Again, if you don't at least consider these guys, you're missing out.  Thank you again for a perfect wedding day, Kyle!
5	If you want your party or event done with style and with the highest of ingredients then All About Catering and Alexis is your company you want.   Once you hire them all your dreams and ideas will become a reality. You need not worry once you hire them.
5	If yelp had a 10 star rating I would highlight them all! I am from NJ planning a vegas wedding, with  the help of Yelp. Chef Alexis , was great communicating with me for 3 months via email & phone. Her staff was fun and the food OMG !!!! I choose 8 heavy Appys for a cocktail party of 20 people. 5 days later & my guests are bragging about it on Facebook. FYI- listen to Alexis when she advices you with the menu portions. I had way too much food but wasn't sorry. Gave leftovers to homeless & housekeepers !! Ps-  cupcakes are a must !!!!
5	I sampled food from All about Catering Las Vegas at a recent dental seminar in Las Vegas. I have been to many catered events and I must say the food was superb. Breakfast and lunch for 2 days. Each meal was well thought out and extraordinary. I would definately reccomend All about Catering Las Vegas for your next event.
