4	T Bones is quite a busy place during the summer months, considering it's located right on Lake Wylie. The food here is above average & the scenery is well worth a patio seating.I don't prefer eating inside here, not because it's bad, but mainly due to how great the patio seating is. The inside is just like your normal steakhouse setting, with steer skulls and the big & bold atmosphere. They don't do anything particularly unique or intriguing inside, but it's not so bad. But if you head here during a nice night, then wait for a patio seat. This area is always packed, mainly because you're sitting right over the water. They also have a boat dock so you can watch the boaters stroll up to grab some din din. You may have to wait for a patio seat, but it's well worth it.The food here isn't anything spectacular, but it's definitely above average. They have all your steak specialties, duh...the name, along with some other good stuff you'd see on most steakhouse menus. People flock to this place on weekend nights, along with most week nights, so you know the food has to be good to keep them coming back. And while you'll spend a decent chunk of change, it's well worth it if you're sitting outside with a view.T Bones on the Lake is great for a spring or summer night, when it isn't too hot & you're looking for good food. They have a good menu, but the main attraction is the lake. So if you're in the area or have a boat, pull up to the dock & find a patio seat.
4	The atmosphere is fun and lively!  The staff is good and the food is pretty decent for the theme.  It's the hopping place for the area!  The only thing I don't like is: 1)Smoking 2) the Dead animals inside the lounge.  I was advised they were going to BAN smoking from the inside soon, so that will make it better.
2	T-Bones is that place you go if you're boating on Lake Wylie and want to grab some bar food on the patio. Think Rusty Rudder on Lake Norman, but not as good. Went here for a quick business lunch with a colleague and sat inside as it was a hot day. The place reminds me of a 1970's/1980's outback steakhouse if they existed. Long walkway to get tot the restaurant onto the water/dock. Service was good, though the food was nothing special. Ordered the burger and it was decent though the fries were a little soft. Started with the crab dip and it was just ok...nothing I would recommend. Like a said, great patio area if you're there for some drinks and maybe a few apps. For a destination dinner, I think not.
3	There's a reason this place only averages 2.5 stars.This is what I consider a boaters paradise..... It is where boaters come to watch and to be seen. It is common to have quite a few beers while watching the boats try to aimlessly dock in a narrow slip with amateur boaters.  I will refer to this event as the bumper boats at T-Bones.I am perplexed at the statement that they take reservations, but they do not do call ahead seating.  Tonight, was only a 5 min wait, so I was able to entertain myself by watching two boaters trying to dock their boat.  (very cheap entertainment if you ask me)Now for the T-Bones review.I have been craving oysters lately, and prefer Oyster Rockefeller, but since this was not offered, I opted for the Angels on Horseback...it is bacon wrapped oysters deep fried on a bed of rice w/ a side of oriental sauce.  I give this a 1/5 stars,yes one star.  The bacon was burnt (black) and the rice was very dry and hard.  The sauce did not really help, but it did add flavor to a very bland dish.  Definitely not worth $9.99 ( I have added a picture) Now for for the Burgers / Chicken sandwiches.  The burger was very nice, juicy, the provolone cheese was properly melted and the bacon was cooked perfectly.  The Chicken Sandwich, which I requested plain, was very juicy, moist, and without any extra help, from condiments, lettuce etc, was very tasty and flavorful.  Now you may ask,how can bacon be burnt black and then be cooked perfectly at the same time.....remember that one was on my appetizer (burnt) and the other was on the hamburger.Our server was very friendly, prompt with the drink refills and attentive, all the way up until we were ready to leave......after she took our plates away, it was 5 minutes before she returned with the check.   She apologized, but by that time.....I was ready to go!Here's the breakdown of my rating:Location: 4/5 Stars  It is right on the water at Buster Boyd Bridge.Atmosphere: 3/5 Stars  Needs to be updated somewhat. Original posters and calendars from the 80's, even a John Wayne poster clock in the hallway.Service: 3/5  Just meh.Parking 4/5  Has the boat landing area to also park in.Boat Parking: 4/5 Plenty of boat slips availableFood: 3/5 Good, not great, a little pricey for the quality of the food.Entertainment 5/5Watching amateur boaters park near expensive boats = PRICELESS!Just remember what the fellow Yelpers Yelp, do not go here for the food, but just enjoy a few cold beers and enjoy the scenery.NCFoodGuy
1	I'm so over T-Bones.I used to relish the thought of hanging out on their big deck on one of the first warm days of the year, treating myself to their yummy grilled chicken salad or wings--the only 2 things on their menu that I liked.  I was even willing to tolerate the funky smell of the main restaurant on my way out to the deck.  But the last 3 times I've been to T-Bones, the food and service have been awful.  And they changed the menu, removing the grilled chicken breast salad that I liked.  The sweet tea was almost as clear as water, and painfully sweet--undrinkable.I'm sorry, T-Bones.  We tried to make it work, but it takes two.  Please stop relying on the fact that you're the only place (I know of) in the area where you can eat the water's edge.  It's just not enough to keep us coming anymore.  You actually have to serve good food and decent drinks.
3	Giving it 3 stars for the outdoor area.  The only food I've had is their spinach quesadilla which was okay.  Nice place to grab a drink and listen to some live music. outdoor on the lake.
2	This place has went downhill bad. I remember going here for prom or when people would visit from out of town. Now im not so sure. The service sucks. The food is pretty mediocre. I was there on a Friday night and ordered the prime rib only to be informed that they were out. So I ordered a ribye and it was ok. The steak was cooked right but just didn't have much flavor. After dinner we went on the deck so my daughter could feed the ducks. When I got out there I grabbed a chair so she could see over the deck and the bartender rudely told me that I can't use the chair. It is only for people sitting at the bar. I hope this place fixes some of these problems because I want to like it again
2	I visited this place this weekend, already aware of the reviews.The highlight has got to be the location. By the water, with great parking. The decor was less-than-impressive (borderline tacky - too many stuffed animals).The food was above-average (especially the Wings and the Golden Fried Shrimp), and the beer was COLD - which was good.The down-side was definitely the staff (uninterested and not very good overall) and the portions/presentation (our wings had 3 celery sticks and a runny blue-cheese dressing).Not sure I'm going back at all...
3	Finally pulled off a weekend brunch here on the lake.Nothing too fancy about this place, but if you're there for the right reasons it's a great time. Mellow, on the water, live music, make your own bloody mary bar, and a buffet with more strawberries than I've ever seen a place give out. Sounds funny but it was an enourmous pile that they kept refilling. Gotta say that was yummy. The outdoor deck and bar is great as well, but as others have said it fills up quick so be aware. If you're looking for a fancy place (is this really a steakhouse?) it's prob not for you, but if you're going for a laid back lake vibe, it will fill all your needs. Bring the boat, have some food, enjoy a bloody, head out for some lake time on the sandbar not too far away, then cruise back for some live music and a nightcap.
3	Great place to pull up to in your boat and get a drink on the deck and watch people navigate the traffic jam of finding a boat slip on a busy summer day. The food is ok. They market it as a Texas place and while the memorabilia decor inside is true Texan the food is only ok. All in all not a bad place to hang out on a summer day.
2	My husband and I came here for lunch on a Thursday. The wait staff was helpful and service was quick. The views were nice, but the food wasn't something I'd return for. I ordered the classic Reuben sandwich; however, there was so much butter on the bread that it was soggy and way too salty. My husband ordered the T-bone steak which was okay, but not seasoned very well and at about $28 we've both had way better steak. I may return, but it would be for a drink at the outdoor bar and to enjoy the views.
3	T-Bones is average stuff. The food (lunch) was pretty average all around as is the service. It gets crowded on the weekends and the staff seems overwhelmed, but they do get around to you eventually. The only item I considered 'good' were the grilled fish tacos. The ribs and roast beef sandwich were 'passable'. The best feature of T-Bones is the lake view. Outdoor tables and the bar are especially crowded and seating is a free-for-all, meaning go find your own table. They have large umbrellas and fans to keep the temperature bearable out in the sun.
2	Classy.That is sarcasm.  But, it's only restaurant on Lake Wylie. So there.
1	T-Bones is well below average. Starting with the drinks. Tea was very weak and the glasses were very small. Appetizer, hot wings, were mediocre at best. Not hot and sorta greasy. Wife got salad, which was unimpressive and a little wilted. Wife had filet, which she described as  a poor cut of meat, tough with gristle. I got a ribeye, if you could call it that. It appeared to be pan fried, as is was greasy. It was a very poor cut of meat, with much fat and gristle. Sweet potato was good, except it was very small.   Service was good, as we were in a group of 12.  Glasses were kept full and service prompt. Cost is hard to believe! You pay for a choice cut of meat and get Waffle House food.  I went to this place probably 15 years ago. Was not impressed then. Has gotten worse. Not inclined to go to places were they have to have armed police officers on duty for the protection of their patrons.   This placed is off the list. Will not return!
1	Service was good, but food NOT.  You don't realize how awful the food really is until about 30 minutes after you have eaten it.  5 of us eat there tonight, we each had different items, pasta, fish and chips, potato skins, combination of vegetable sides, a sandwich, and other items.   Everything was GREAZY and salty.  But you don't realize how much grease until 15-30 minutes after eating when your skin gets oily, you feel sludgy, thirsty, and loose your energy.  I don't know what grease or ingredients they use, but it's terrible.  We all went home after and didn't feel like doing anything after this.I've been there before for beer on the deck, the beer is good, but don't eat the food.  Contrary to many of the other reviews, the service was very good.  Meghan was our waitress.
3	Location, location, location.  If it weren't for the fabulous location, this place would be a 2 star teetering on the edge of 1.  Service - Hit and miss.  A small handful are good, but many are neglectful.Food:Blackened Chicken Club - The best item in the menu we've found so far.  Chicken is juicy and overall it's a good sandwich.Fries - Somewhere under the thick crystalline layer of salt was a potato.  Sweet Potato Fries - Crispy and tasty with a light sweetness.Tomato Bisque Soup - Too salty but also lacking in flavor.Potato Skins - Well, you can't go wrong with potato skins.  Always a smart choice :)Chicken Wings Hotter - It had a good crispness.  The sauce was Franks Red Hot.Pina Colada - ...probably the worse I've ever had.Overall, the food was average to below average.  I can't remember what we got the last few times, but really, the Chicken club was the only thing we found worth getting.  As long as we have sunny days on the lake, we'll probably still stop here once in a while, because like i said, the location is amazing.   Where else can you park your boat?
4	This was my first visit to T-Bones. We weren't especially hungry but wanted to chill and enjoy the lake. We sat on the deck, which was full once we claimed a table.   We both ordered the Filet Chunks, a dish from the appetizer page - chunks of filet, blackened, served over Roquefort cream sauce, and topped with Bleu Cheese crumbles. The dish caught my eye because I've recently become a real fan of Bleu Cheese crumbles. (Sounds like as good a reason as any.). My husband and I were both pleased with our choice and highly recommend this dish. The filet was quite tender and had a little "kick" from being blackened. The sauce made a good taste contrast and the Bleu Cheese topped it off. Try it, you'll be glad you did.
3	First, the view of Lake Wylie is amazing! The decor leaves a bit to be desired, I can't quite tell if it's trying to be dive, trying to be kitchy, or if it's going for a wild west theme... but it's a bit confusing and the ambiance is only so-so. I went with a group of 13 for lunch and I think our bunch overwhelmed the lunch kitchen staff and servers. Service was friendly but pretty slow. We ordered to appetizers and the only options seemed to be fried or fried... so I had to pass on the appetizers. I ordered a spinach strawberry salad that was mediocre, but nothing super special. I feel lke T-Bones is a great place to boat up to and get a beer/burger ... but I probably won't suggest it for a group lunch in the future. I would like to try it for dinner on a weekend, my guess is this place is a lot more fun on Saturday evenings!
1	Unfortunately this is the only place on Lake Wylie to eat when you are out on your boat other than a snack bar. The deck and the boat docks are the only reason they are still in business. If you want a drink order beer or wine. The drinks are watered down and shots are limited because the premium liquor selections are limited.  The food leaves a lot to be desired.  We ordered the smoked chicken quesadilla, mozzarella cheese sticks and a burger because we thought it would be hard to mess that up. We were wrong.  The chicken had some artifical smoke flavor added and that was the only flavor.  The filling ingredients were not evenly distributed so there were areas overloaded and areas with nothing. The cheese sticks were a lukewarm frozen product, the marina was much hotter and appears to be a frozen product nuked in little cups because the plastic was melting.  The hamburger was not seasoned and mediocre.  The fries were mushy and limp.   On top of all this the place appears grungy and dated.  The place is falling apart and obviously being run into the ground in an attempt to just milk every possible dime out of it. This is the last chance we are giving this place.  Hopefully everyone will also give up on it so a decent place can be moved in, but I think the building is beyond saving at this point.
4	Food was pretty good. Great patio overlooking lake Wylie.
1	I never realized how gross this place was, until I went sober with a group of 13 from work. Yes, it is great to be on the lake, but the place needs some major renovations. The inside smells horrible... like old and soggy and dusty. I ordered a salad with salmon which was disgusting. I think the salmon took on the flavor of the smell of the inside which was nasty. I have enjoyed the chicken quesadilla and drinks before, but that's about it. Actually, I forgot, their Sunday brunch is pretty good and they do a bloody Mary bar that is good too. Don't take a large group because they act like accommodating you is painful. They also took forever when the restaurant seemed fairly dead. They need to remodel and hire a new chef to re-write the menu because you cannot beat the location. They also need more boat slips... it always fills up fast on the weekend!
2	Nice night for a ride across the border but sadly that place just sucks. I was better when it was the Hungry Fisherman like 25 years ago.
2	If you get the chicken club you're okay otherwise  stay away from pretty much anything else but the salads.   We were there tonight and got the food in a somewhat timely fashion the waitress hostess however would not seat us until our entire party of 12 arrived otherwise she would in "get in trouble" Which was ridiculous so we had to wait around and not able to sit down.    Then, one person in our party didn't get her chicken sandwich until about 10 minutes later and then got charged an extra dollar for it to be blackened but it wasn't blackened and the manager told her no when she tried to take the dollar off how crazy is that?  I can't believe this place has been around so long and is still in business with such poor management.  Unfortunately this is the only restaurant on the lake and they know it.  Such a shame they should really get their act together.
3	T-bones is a great place to go if you're on the water on Lake Wylie. It is basically the only restaurant on the lake that Has docks for pulling your boat up to have lunch. The outdoor deck and live music are always nice but always crowded. The only food that I could recommend on their menus would be The burgers and quesadillas. I would never eat the seafood there again after both myself and my wife got sick on different occasions inning the fried shrimp. The Sunday morning Bloody Mary bar is a nice touch if you're up for that.
4	T-Bones is always a fun spot to hangout with a nice view of Lake Wylie, but I will say that the food is mediocre. The service is usually pretty good and the beer is cold.
2	No good. And it's a big shame because with the awesome location If they actually had decent food this place could be jumpin every night. My mom who's been here several times warned us before we left "we go here for the views and to be outside some nights, but really you can only get a few of the appetizers and vegetables if you want anything ok".
1	Great atmosphere and location, but the food is sad, just sad. Won't be coming back. It's fine if you want to enjoy a few beers by the water, but don't come hungry.
1	Food and decor are horrific. Only redeeming factor is its location; well that and the fact that it's closed 8 hours a day.....
2	Been here 3 times and no more for me. No matter if I go for lunch or dinner, weekday or weekend, the food quality is poor. Steaks are tasteless and tough, chicken is overcooked and dry. My friends had ribs and won't order them again. Salads are extra with the meal and pretty sad. Only thing I really like was the fried pickle appetizer. Prices are above average for everything, and the mixed drinks are weak. Place is in need of an overhaul on remodeling, lobby is musty and outdated. Location is prime and the place really makes a killing on boat and lake traffic docked onsite, which is probably why they stay in business.
2	As everyone that goes to TBones remarks, WHY DON'T THEY UPDATE THE DECOR AND MENU IN THE WINTER WHEN IT IS SLOW???  The only draw TBones has is the location (only place on lake really - that is a shame) and the bartenders who do a great job of serving from dilapidated old bars and a crowd in warm weather.  The deck is great, but needs to be scraped and repained, updated.  The furniture on the deck is the cheapest they can find, and is just uncomfortable and always broken. The stools make you sit way lower than the bar and you feel like a 5 year old - they weren't made for this.  They are breaking too.The horrible 'decorative' paint job and poly on the bar and railings from 20+ years ago is peeling off and needs to be removed.  Looks like the removed a lot from the interior ceiling of deck bar, which is great because it was nasty hanging over where drinks were made.  I know they probably can't expand deck, but no reason they cannot update it in the current footprint.  Food just isn't great, never has been.  Work on the menu and find people committed to putting out good product, revamp the old, tired decor and clean up the restrooms, and you won't have a slow season...
1	I feel as though I needed to write this review. This is just tragic that such a prime  location on the lake has terrible food, service, and if that isn't enough, even their drinks are so so...live in town and never been happy with the food. Only up is the location!!! Do not waste $$ on food!! I have had Ribs: too soft and drenched in BBQ sauceFish sandwich: fish sticks.. Brown lettuce Hamburger: dry bun, no flavor..Wings: the worst, slimy And others as well.. You've been warned!!Best and only thing is good music, nice deck w water views and drinks on a summer night or day.. Live music is fun.. Awesome for hanging out w drinks.. Not a food place
2	Location is perfect. Live music was super good on the deck.  But the food... oh my.. Expect fast food quality here. The fish taco tastes like something you get from a frozen box. There is absolutely no flavor on it.  I wish this place was more unique. Not just the typical lower end American Cuisine  (burger/fries/fried chicken tenders/fried fish..) that you get at any Walmart. Service was not bad. I only wrote this review, because I think this place has a huge potential, but I think it needs that  kitchen TV Show to come by and completely change it upside down. :)
1	Disappointed! Menu looked good but very expensive. The food was average. I can see no justification for their prices. Our main entrees were delivered to the table before our appetizer and salads. I can understand having problems if it's busy but it wasn't. I'm very disappointed in everything about this restaurant. We won't be coming back unless we have to, and if we do, we'll make sure we eat somewhere else first.
1	This is the worst example of a "Steakhouse" ever.  The owner is a self righteous fool that loves to cause trouble if you give feedback.  Lousy place on Lake wylie, sc
3	Snagged some lunch on the water and got in right as they opened. The waiter/waitress staff seemed to miss us coming in because we wanted 15 minutes before I had to get up and ask them to serve us. They were apologetic and nice, so that was ok. Had the flounder and fish tacos. Both good, not land breaking or anything. The cleanliness is what you'd expect from an "on-the-lake" restaurant. Fun experience. Not surprised if I don't go back much.
1	We have been going to TBones on the Lake for years.  We live on Lake Wylie so it is a nice boat ride.  The reviews I read about the cleanliness is right on. Tonight was the worst in service and food.  The kid that waited on us got our order incorrect.  My fish and chips came without the chips.  I had ordered slaw as an extra side.  The slaw came and was awful. I was afraid to eat a lot of it.  My fries came after we were pretty much through eating.  They tasted like they had been cooked in burnt grease.  Then he charged me for them.  We always leave a great tip because we know how hard it is to be a server but tonight my husband left a tip saying  bad service ; bad tip. This place needs renovation and cleaned up desperately.  Some of the best flounder I have ever eaten used to come from here.  I am sad to see it go down hill.   We also had a family near us that couldn't control their kids and I think they thought we were at a McDonalds Play land. Tonight was a miserable time here. We will probably come back home to eat from now on when going on a boat ride.
2	Lake is very nice. But, I just noticed servers have tables inside and out. That makes them late to the tables they need to take care of and the decor was poor. I got a chipotle chicken sandwich and the bun was really soggy from the pickle juice, but the chicken was really tasty, and juicy. In conclusion, it needs some work (decor, waiters and waitresses dealing with tables in and out.
2	Location is perfect view to the lake but services pretty slow, food average a place to get a beer and see the lake ......
1	Ok.  I try this place 2 or 3 times a year praying it will get better.   I live i n the lake and its the only place to go if your out for a boat ride.  Without fail its always the same.   Dirty.... I'm looking at a spider web hanging from a moose head as I write this.   Sloooow service.   Poor to standard food.  If it wasn't for the monopoly of being on the lake they would be out of business.
2	I would have given it 2.5 stars but you have to go with 2 or 3. Pro's: location, location, location. Large outdoor deck and bar. Live music. Great gathering place for the locals or those who want to enjoy a view of the lake. Excellent after work stop also. The tall thin woman really works hard and is on top of things. Con's: Outdated decor and seating, average food to sub par food. Can be difficult to get a drink sometimes as it does get busy. Drinks outside of the happy hour can be a bit pricey, $4 for a bottle of Corona for here is a bit much I could see that at an uptown bar or something but not T-Bones. Idiots that sit there and throttle their outboards and choke out the people on the deck with their exhaust. The place is quirky and odd, the can be a pro or a con for some. It is a part of Lake Wylie as much as the lake it seems. Go for the entertainment and think of this place more like a start to the night. They get bands and their is no cover.
3	We have eaten here several times and the food has been good - the blackened prime rib on Saturday evening is to die for. So we thought we would try the Sunday breakfast buffet and Bloody Mary bar. My advice - go to IHOP or Denny's instead. The breakfast "buffet" was no more that a glorified lets-throw-some-typical-mediocre-breakfast-items on a couple of tables and call it  Breakfast Buffet. I went expecting rather a brunch - i.e.: breakfast AND lunch items - after all, they weren't even open until 11 and I'm not much of a breakfast food-type eater anyway. For the price they charged the following was served: fruit (nothing special- cantaloupe, strawberries and honeydew), your typical institutional scrambled eggs - rather plain, bacon, sausage links & patties, biscuits and gravy- thin gravy, short on any sausage mixed in, frenchtoast sticks - which were hard as rocks already and they had only been open 20 minutes! It took a while, and I do mean a WHILE for our server to even show up to begin with and she didn't come back to check on us very often. I had to ASK about the Bloody Mary Bar to which she replied - "oh yeah it's in the back there" - this server was NOT really hawking the attributes of the restaurant like one would expect - even when we mentioned it was our first time for the Breakfast buffet. It's an eclectic place, and the food is typically good for the most part - but the same old thing menu. Ribs are good and as I mentioned earlier the prime rib is excellent... but that's probably all we will get there from now on, if we return at all. This could be a weekly haunt for us, but it's only become essentially a once a month thing - and now DEFINITELY not for the breakfast "buffet" - I do a better spread at home!
1	After reading other reviews, I'm glad I'm not the only one who has experienced the bad food and service.  I've been there twice, both times it took some effort to get served.  Today was the worst, though.  My husband got to the table first and ordered his drink. When my daughter and I sat down, it was several minutes before we got any attention from the server.  We then (finally) were able to order drinks - I ordered a Bushwacker, but got what I think was a terrible Pina Colada instead.  I couldn't drink it, so terrible, so I sent it back and ordered a beer.  Finally got menus after asking.  Ordered an app (the Filet Bites, actually really awesome) but once it was brought to the table, asked our server twice for silverware and then had to go up and get it ourselves.  Ordered a bacon cheeseburger and rack of ribs for dinner. My daughter loved the ribs, the cheeseburger was minus the bacon, but otherwise not bad.  When I asked our server to remove the charge for the bacon and the drink I had sent back, she said she could take off the bacon ($1) but not the drink without asking the manager.  I don't think I'll go back there, unless it is by boat for a quick beer and the view.
1	On a whim tonight, we decided to try T-Bones. I've driven by many times, and the location, right on the lake, looks very nice.  You can tell from the general exterior decor that this place was probably last remodeled back in 1975.... but I'm not going to pass judgement on that. As we all know, sometimes places like this can have excellent food, be quite charming, and a good time.Since it's November, it was dark, and there of course was no outside seating.... no boats bobbing in the water... so other than a nice clear night with glassy water in the moonlight, there was not much to see. We did get seated at a very nice window seat, thanks to the hostess, who had orders barked to her by the "manager", who resembled a female version of Jabba The Hut from Star Wars... I felt bad for the hostess.I think the food was very good.... I had the Fantail Shrimp, our son a burger, and my wife the Gorgonzola/Walnut stuff chicken. We had an appetizer of the stuffed mushrooms. As far as the food goes, the mushrooms were probably really the only letdown of the evening.... slightly over-priced and underwhelming.... the gravy they were sitting in left much to be desired..... not terrible..... but not $9.95 appetizer good.....  ya know???Initially, when we sat, our server greeted us promptly, which I thought was great. Sadly, this was the only server-like action she took for the rest of the evening. After bringing our drinks, and taking our order, she was not to be seen again until after the main course had been delivered. My drink was empty, my wife's water was empty... she had wanted to order a beer. When our server finally did stop by, she did not ask about our food.... but at least we were able to order more drinks. When my wife asked what beer was on tap, she had no idea..... and didn't really seem to care to have an idea.I noticed that our server would disappear for long periods of time. In the time it took her to come out once, the server in the next section had made the rounds 4-5 times.... making sure everyone was ok, filling sodas/waters, etc. We were left sitting, alone.When we were finally done, she came to get plates. There were a few, since of course she hadn't been around to gather anything through the course of dinner. Since she couldn't take them all, she left a stack of dirty plates on our table - disgusting.  At that point, I laid down 4 crisp $20's for our $75-ish tab, and we got the heck outta there...... as we departed the "manager" (Jabba The Hut) wished us good night in a very un-caring tone, and we noticed upon leaving the dinner specials - not mentioned to us by our server at all!!!!  Absolutely terrible.So.... this place could be a solid 3-ish.... IF you get a good server... and if it's summer, and you sit outside, and it's nice..... you might hit a 4.  Again, our main courses we ordered were pretty good.... but with the poor service, our dinner basically sucked.
2	Gone Downhill from the last time I was here.We have a friend from Ohio who used to work for Continental Tire and we went here with here several times over the years and always enjoyed it. I can remember several great steaks here and the name implies.Been a number or years since we have been so since my wife and I were in the area today, I decided to give it another shot.Turned out to be a big disappointment.  My wife ordered a Peanut Butter Chicken Sandwich with Sweet Potato Fries and a side of fruit.  I had a Roast Beef Sandwich with fries and a Cup of Texas Chili.I guess we were expecting something else.  My wife has had chicken before with a peanut butter sauce in either Asian and Latin Cusine.  In this case, Peanut Chicken is a grilled Chicken Sandwich with a big "glob" of Peanut Butter thrown on top. She had asked is the fruit salad was mostly melon before she ordered it and was told it was not. Turned out it was mostly melon with three slivers of Strawberry added.The Texas Chili could have been very good.  It had the chemical heat to it but was served only luke warm at best.  The Roast Beef had a very non-descript sauce on it and the au jux was so weak, it had no flavor. French Fries were under cooked.The indoor theme is a fun place with lots of stuffed animal heads on the walls and signs from Texas all over the place. This could be a fun place to be and to hang out with friends if it had more to offer.The service on the otherhand was the one bright spot. Our server was great and we appreciated her attentiveness.  We never lacked for anything.
4	Deck outside is so fun! Lots of boaters, ultra casual with bar food. I had potato skins, husband a burger. Nice atmosphere outside, inside is just okay. Feed the ducks on the way in and soak in Carolina sunsets!
2	As you can tell from all the other ratings, the food here is not very good. The drinks are great, the outside deck is great, and they are ALWAYS crowded with folks, but it is not for the food! The buffalo shrimp for a snack very tasty, but the steaks, the steak sandwiches, and the burgers are not. ONE EXCEPTION--The Ribs are not bad and edible! Go, have a drink, eat a snack, for that it's all good!
2	Great location in the old Hungry Fisherman restaurant on the water on Lake Wylie. Lousy food.
1	Certainly will not be back! Disgustingly filthy and the decor is atrocious to say the least. By the time I left and by the way my stomach felt, I was afraid I was going to be the next dusty cob-web covered taxidermy victim on the wall. The food was pretty bad...frozen dry potato skins that tasted like they were made back in the summer and microwaved. Roast beef sandwich that was basically 3 or 4 pieces of processed store bought roast beef on a roll with cheese and grilled onions and peppers (clearly frozen prior to grilling). The French fries were undercooked and even the iced tea had a nasty taste as if their tea container hadn't been cleaned in months. After refusing to finish any of the meal, I had to rush to the bathroom with bad stomach cramps. Having grown up on the Chesapeake Bay and experiencing so many great waterfront resteraunts I had high hopes for this place. It could be so much better. PLEASE, if nothing else, clean that place before someone really gets sick! Probably one of the filthiest dining rooms I have seen in a long time. Really makes me wonder how dirty the kitchen is. The owners and managers can't be so blind not to see the decades worth of dust and cob-webs on all the junk and dead carcasses located throughout this place.Reluctant to even give this place 1 star! Time for "Kitchen Nightmare" intervention maybe?UPDATE.....Okay, it now 7 hours after my not so tasty (questionably safe) lunch at T-Bones today and my stomach is still doing flip-flops even after a bout of diarrhea (sorry to give such detail but important to note). The health department really needs to take a much closer look at this place...honestly folks!
3	Nice view! It was a slow day in the restaurant and we had decent service. Slow on the refills but it was fine. Service was friendly, food was average!
2	Best thing about here is the view.  Went for Sunday brunch and was very disappointed.  Poor selection, just a mix of your average breakfast fair; grits, eggs, biscuits.  Eggs were cold and the fresh fruit wasn't fresh.  There wasn't much to choose from on the lunch menu.  Worst thing was the loud dance music.  I actually really like electronic music, but not at 1pm on a Sunday overlooking a lake.  Next time I'll just drive 5 more minutes for a better restaurant and enjoy the view as I drive over the bridge.
