5	No longer will J and I have to chase down the Pie Truck for Mamma T's tasty mini pies.  Well, I'm sure we still will!  But Mamma Toledos'  now has a brick and mortar open on Roosevelt Row.  Tucked away in a room adjacent to Short Leash's Sit..Stay, you can have your pie and eat it too (right after you eat your dog that is)!  Mamma has a case filled with full size pies, ranging from her Banana Cream and Raspberry Cheesecake to Apple and Blueberry.  You can buy by the slice or heck buy a whole pie!  I saw at least one person walking out with a huge pie box last night at the grand opening.  :)  J and I each grabbed a slice to go - J's a slice of apple. And I got a slice of blueberry.  Tasty?  But of course!  Sometime here in the future you'll be able to buy a slice/pie...out of a hole..err..window!  A walkup window that is.  That kinda set-up reminds me of some of the food joints back in NYC with walk up windows.  So if you hankering for a slice, head on down to Roosevelt Row and stop by The Pie Hole!She bakes Pies Motherf!@#er!  ;)
5	This place is really awesome! It is literally a hole in the wall, hahaha. We couldn't figure out how to get in at first, but then realized that it is attached/ apart of the hot dog restaurant. Apparently both places just opened up two weeks ago! The owner said that eventually the window will be open so you can walk right up and order your pie through the 'hole' in the wall. I tried the banana cream pie with pecan crust, but they all looked so good. I would have totally taken a piece to go if I was going straight home. This is an awesome place to check out... It is a great concept and the pie is delicious.
5	Since moving downtown I've had a list of foods I needed to find to be happy down here.  Pie was on the top of that list.When I first moved downtown there wasn't a good pie place close but I continued my search.  Trying it when I would find it on a dessert menu at every place I could find it.  Sadly it wasn't very many places and the closest I could get to a decent pie was frozen cheesecake.  After Short Leash opened I went to try them out and was told about The Pie Hole.  I was hopeful they would have good pie but I was apprehensive to get too excited.  I tried one of the couple of pies that Short Leash offers from The Pie Hole and was told to enjoy a larger variety of pie I would have to go to The Pie Hole myself.  I made a point to come back later just for the pie.I had the banana cream pie and was blown away.  Unlike most pies they didn't over sweeten the pie or the crust.  It reminded me so much of the pies that my family would make growing up.  It was perfect.  I'm a fan for sure and will be going back as often as I can, hopefully I won't need to let out any clothes due to my love for pie.
5	Tiny little pie nook right inside the new Short Leash Sit Stay restaurant.  If you're eating at Short Leash, you can have them bring a slice over.  But instead they recommend you just walk over to the pie display as you can select from a better variety than if you were to order from Short Leash.  They serve pies by the slice, whole pies, and mini pies.  My girlfriend and I got the mini pie of the day which was a ginger pumpkin with whipped cream topping.  Basically a cross between a pumpkin and a ginger bread.  Soooo good.  On any given day they'll also have flavors like chocolate creme, apple, lemon, and others.  We would've tried more but we were stuffed already from dinner at Short Leash.  Now that we're aware of this place, we'll save more room next time.
4	Good pie, tried the coconut cream--rich with lots of real toasted, shredded coconut. Crust ..needs ..something...
5	I normally don't have a sweet tooth but this banana cream pie definitely hit the spot. None of that corporate, mass-produced-in-grocery-store-or-factory-somewhere  nonsense.  Good thing I don't live too close or else I'd be fat and broke (oh, wait...maybe too late for that).  Great pies to wash down those dogs next door. Will stay a 5 if the other flavors are as good.
4	I was so excited to see a pie place opened in downtown...especially since the cobbler shop closed!  The Pie Hole is a cute little space connected to Sit...Stay.  Their selection was extensive and reasonably priced for homemade pie.  We tried the mini pumpkin pie and a slice of the chocolate cream pie...yummy!  My only complaint is that their crust is not as good as my mom's homemade crust, but honestly no one's is!
5	So happy to be able to delicious pies witbout chasing the truck around and its with short leash! Heaven!!!
5	Mamma Toledo is another phenomenal food truck who's made the jump from mobile to a store front, and I'm glad she did!!Here's the thing with Mamma Toledo:  As cliche as it sounds, she's an artist, and her medium is pie crust and interesting, delicious things to fill them with.I first encountered Mamma Toledo a couple summers ago, at Food Truck Friday.  All of her pies are made by HER, with one goal in mind:  To make the best pie she can.And she does a damned good job.My absolute favorite:  Chili Mango Pie.  Sweet tanginess that you can't stop eating!!Her Key Lime Pie is actually KEY LIME pie!!  and it's the best I've had!!  (if you're a Dexter fan, you'll understand).Rhubarb Pie.   If you've ever had real Rhubarb Pie, you know A) how good it is  B) how hard it is to find good Rhubarb Pie.     Mamma Toledo's Rhubarb Pie is every bit as good as my Grandmother's, that she made from the rhubarb that grew in her yard in up state New York.    Yes, it's THAT good.But don't think those are the only good ones.  They're ALL good!! Really, Mamma Toledo is one of those rare people who's been able to turn a passion into a business, and everything she makes is made with the goal of being the best pie you ever eat in mind.
4	Love the pies, the ingredients are pure and the flavor is great.  Area is fun and funky a great field trip if your in the area.
2	I've had a few pies here now, and I appreciate what they're trying to do, but I've been underwhelmed every time. My biggest issue is with the crust. Crust should be a beautiful, flaky, slightly salty base that provides some contrast and structure to the filling. Pie Hole/Mamma's crust is just extraordinarily bland.Several of my friends have said much the same (and a few of the other commenters here) and I think that it really holds things back. The fillings are perfectly respectable and sometimes even quite good, but the crust is just nothing to write home about and it really dings the overall experience for me.
3	We stopped in here after a DBacks game because my sweet tooth was needing some satiating.  I ordered the banana cream pie and my hubby got the turtle cheesecake.  The whipped cream on top of the banana cream pie had very little flavor.  No creaminess, so sweetness, nothing.  It really didn't add to the pie at all.  I did however, love the banana goodness underneath.  It was like a heap of banana pudding on a pie, which is heaven.  We had gotten the pieces as to go orders, so when we took our respective slices out of the bag, my hubby asked if I had eaten any of his!  Of course not! I told him.  I looked at it, and it looked like half the piece had been eaten already.  The girl who packed it didn't even give him a full slice!  It was also slopped into the container and in two different pieces (not because of transport; it was served that way).  He was not too happy about that.  Overall, there some ways that our experience could have definitely been improved.
2	Underwhelming. I had the banana cream pie & the whole ensemble was tasteless: crust, custard, & cream were all bland.
4	I saw the truck on Roosevelt at a first Friday, and they told me about this little store, connected to a tavern.  I went in, and saw the pies in a cooler;  I chose the banana creme!  Wow, was it good, a generous slice, topped with real whipped cream. Not slick and sweet, like some, just the right balance of fruit, filling and creme.  The crust was good, pretty flaky, not like Caroline's but good for a bought pie.  I would definitley come back, if I'm in town!!!
