4	Now that I've had a couple of visits to Camelback Women's Health, a review is appropriate.  After finding them on an internet search for prenatal services, I called and spoke to a couple of women.  After answering many of my questions over a few calls, I was ready to make an appt.  ask me what my choice of Dr was and I simply ask them to set me up with the one they preferred... enter, Dr. Gregory DeSanto.I was always told that picking your maternity doctor was quite the chore.  It's joked about in movies and a matter of stress for many women.  I'm a lil more laid back than the average woman about such matters but, after I met Dr. DeSanto, I really didn't see the need to go to a dozen different doctors and stress.  He's relaxing, knowledgeable and does things himself that other doctors pass off to technicians - like my ultrasound.  He did an excellent job explaining everything he was doing, getting great angles of my lil baby and even showing me the gender before others say they can tell.  It was the most amazing experience to see my lil guy flipping around!!  I'd heard other women say that their ultrasound tech didn't tell them much and actually had them worried by not talking and explaining things but, there was none of these issues with DeSanto.  I'm a fan of his calm demeanor and simple, easy-going approach to things.The reason for taking away a star is that on both visits, I've felt there could be a lil more communication with the the ladies in the office.  The first visit, I told them on check-in that I had 2 appts and even wrote in the information on the sign-in sheet but, they never sent me down to my first appt.  I didn't know there's almost no wait time at this clinic, (unlike other doctor's offices) so I sat there waiting forever and finally ask when it was almost time for my 2nd appt. because I was afraid they were going to overlap.  Luckily, they were able to fit me in for my 1st appt after my 2nd appt but that whole situation could have easily been avoided with a lil more communication.  On the 2nd visit, after my weight/vitals check, I was told to that I needed to start a test but then she left me without any instructions on where to go or what to do after that test.  I think it was assumed I knew the drill already because I am in my 2nd trimester, but that was only my 2nd appt.  Those lil glitches were barely noticeable though compared to the satisfaction I feel with the clinic overall.  * Dr DeSanto is knowledgeable, calming and explains things well.  And Jamie was so helpful with many of my misc. questions and helping me get set-up!* They have their own lab and ultrasound machine in their clinic so you don't have to run around, wait, or make separate appts for lab work!* Everyone is friendly enough and it feels like a cozy, comfy environment.  * There is little waiting time before your appt starts and they must keep gaps in the day because you can get in to see the Dr. in a timely manner.I'll be back next month for my 6 month check-up!See ya there!
1	I found this doctors office when I became pregnant and boy did i wish I would of switched doctors offices, but I'm new to the area and stuck it out. It wasn't so bad in the beginning, but now I wish I was completely done with them. The nurses are rude and complain about actually doing their jobs. They find filling out maternity paperwork to be a hassle and don't fill it out correctly. When your company calls you to inform you of this the nurse becomes even ruder to you and explain that your not their patient. Well I feel i shouldn't have to babysit and make sure paperwork that was sent back twice now should be completed properly and not blow me off. To top it off my doctor seems to now be a complete space case lately and cant seem to keep up with what week I'm on, until reminded by me. I know I'm not the only patient she has and I can understand a few slip ups but it seems to be this way for awhile.
5	I am SO happy with my "new look".  I still am getting lots of compliments and both feel and look at least 10 years younger! Both Julie and Debra are very skilled and I cannot imagine trusting anyone else with my face. I tell all my friends, and would recommend  this team to anyone who wants a wonderful  experience that  is performed in a safe and professional setting. Office staff is friendly and I can say that I am extremely satisfied. Botox can be a scary decision for the first time but Julie really made the experience fun .  Best decision I ever made!
2	This review is for the Camelback office. This office has been very difficult since I started going there last month for my pregnancy.  I was referred by a friend to Dr O'Sullivan and because of an emergency I was only able to get in with Dr De Santo.  I have had about 3 about in a 6 week time.  The three appointments I had made were made to my convenience, around my work schedule.  I was called three times, once for each appointment to reschedule.  These reschedules had nothing to do with the doc running to the hospital to deliver a baby, they were simple errors made at the front desk.. on three different occasions.  Very frustrating to say the least.  I had to reschedule all three of my appointments and miss work each time.  Every time they called to reschedule, I would still get a reminder call for the appt they had just cancelled (which was automated and after hours).  Not only was that annoying, but I worried I would be charge a no show fee (with their own fault) and would call them first thing in the morning to point out their fault and to make sure I didn't have an appt.  They never sounded surprised that I was telling them that THEY had rescheduled me and that I didn't'  have an appt.  One day, I had to stop by in the morning, first thing to give blood.   I was told that they open at 8--and that was great because I wouldn't be missing work (I just started a new job and really don't want to be coming in late all the time or using PTO), when I arrived at 8 for blood work (along with 2 other women also there for blood work), the front desk informed us that the lab technician is not in to take blood until 8:30am, another break in communication from the front desk.  I would not recommend this office and as soon as I am done with my follow-ups I am out of here!  The doc himself is very knowledgeable but is not moving along with treatment for my miscarriage, and does not listen to mine or my husband's concerns.  He is also not very personable and doesn't take the time to explain things--rather he beats around the bush.   I also enjoyed how at every appt they would ask when your last period was, "hello, I'm pregnant!  And my last period hasn't change the last 3 times you've asked---look it up on the chart!"  This office is very unorganized!  They made me feel like a number and not a valued patient.
5	I've just returned home from another successful visit to Dr. DeSanto and Camelback Women's Health.  This was my 4th visit and each time, I'm impressed by how nicely they can fit me in to a time I need.  They've never canceled an appt on me or even rescheduled!  Plus, with my doctor, I have my choice of different offices on different days.  This time, my appt was a special case because I was in an automobile accident last week... yes, a guy rear-ended me in my 6th month of pregnancy!  :(  Of course all I could do was worry about my baby but,  DeSanto put my anxiety to rest with some talk and an ultrasound.  I sat there and watched my lil guy hiccup for a while (while the dr was doing some measuring and checking).  It was relaxing...It's especially nice that Dr. DeSanto can answer all of my questions and never seems in a rush.  Guess with his experience, he doesn't get stumped too often.  Maybe I should try to think of an especially uncommon and hard question next time. lolSee ya there!PS  I see someone seems to have something against my Dr but we can tell your reviewS are fake.  :p
2	Bad customer service.  I was on my third rescheduled appointment (the doctor had to reschedule); I show up to my 3rd rescheduled appointment only to be told the Nurse Practitioner was running 1 hour and 20 minutes behind.  I came from work to this appointment.  They could have picked up the phone to let me know!  I asked if since I lived up the street if I could come back in an hour and was  told "no" they would take me back right away.  To do what?  Sit there naked in a gown for an hour and a half?  No thanks!  Will be going elsewhere from now on.
3	I have no complaints about the quality of the medical care.  It's been very good.I do have a compliaint about the administrative side of the business.  It seems like whenever I have some test done, I am always told that someone will be in touch when the results are back.  That has yet to happen.  Usually I wait way past the date someone is supposed to be in touch and then have to call.  Half the time they say they don't have the results back yet but it later turns out that they did.  The left hand doesn't seem to know what the right hand is doing.  I'll keep going there for the quality of the care but they could really use a kick-ass practice manager.
4	The office is conveniently located on Tatum near Paradise Valley. The people who work here are always very nice. Sometimes you have to wait a little while to be seen but at what doctor's office do you not? Last time around my appointment was accidentally scheduled for the other office but they were able to see me here on time anyway.
4	Dr. De Santo is amazing! He took care of me in the middle of my pregnancy with no questions asked and did a wonderful job. This was my 4th baby coming into the world and I knew I was going to have a c-section, I have to tell you I do not have a scar! Its amazing, this was my 2nd c-section so Dr. De Santo cleaned up my previous scar and tissue and left me looking flawless! He truly cares about your overall health as well and will make life improving suggestions to you. Great practice OH his nurse Esther is pretty awesome as well! Don't let being put on h
2	I like Dr. Desantos. He seems nice and caring. I cannot stand office staff. They seen arrogant and occasionally rude. There is always really long wait time. It is infuriating, considering that they Require you to come in 15min before appointment time. I was refused to be seen ( by office staff, not MD) because I was there 10min prior appointment (not 30 as they required for 1st appt. It was not justified medically, girl on the phone did not verify Why I have made an appointment, could have had an emergency)Looking for another obgyn now.
5	I love the fact that I found this office after having a horrendous experience with another OBGYN (Tara brodkin). I don't know how people complain about the waiting time. I've always been helped in time. The ladies in the front desk are very nice and every time I call I've never been put on hold. They ALWAYS answer your questions. I see Dr. De Santo and he's just simply AMAZIG. I trust him a lot because you can tell how knowledgeable he is. He answers all your questions and gives you a lot of ultrasounds to check on baby. I'm so happy I found a doctor I feel I can trust with my first pregnancy. I wouldn't go anywhere else! Even the lady that draws your blood is such a pro. I'm always scared to death to have my blood taken but I swear she takes like 2 seconds and makes it so quick it's impressive.
5	There is nothing bad I can say about my experience here. The staff was wonderful, the nurses were wonderful, and most importantly Dr. Nelson was the best doctor I could have ever asked for. He always listened to my concerns and is extremely knowledgeable and reassuring. I wouldn't have anyone else deliver my babies.
2	While office staff seem competent and things move along in a timely manner, I do not sense the happiness or joy of the staff working there coming out through their customer service: minimal to no greeting, same at checkout, with frowns among staff. Perhaps they feel worn, competitive, or restricted, but the energy could be more warm, inviting or welcoming.
1	Horrible phone service from janae, and very over priced.  They tell you that you have to get all these things before you can get what you actually even need to come in for.
1	I cancelled my appointment after waiting over 8 months to be seen because I cannot trust to receive proper care when the office won't even send you a call, email, text or letter to confirm your appointment.  I am a physician myself and cannot believe the office handles scheduling so poorly. I hope the medical care would justify the wait for an appointment but the poor image left by the front office is enough to not want to do business with them.
5	Love Dr DeSanto and his MA Esther. Lab Corp lady in here is great too! All the NPs I've come across have been wonderful too. Been coming for 4+ years.
5	Never had a bad experience at this office.  Everyone was courteous and professional.  The front desk doesn't seem too lively, but they probably take a fair ration of abuse from people (usually the way it goes) so I can understand.  Otherwise, professional and nice.Also want to say Tracy Innes is awesome.  Thanks!
1	I wish I could give less than one star. There is no communication between the staff, their attitudes are poor at best, their reception is sloppy and they are commonly overbooked, and they frequently change insurance policies without contacting their patients about having to find a new office. I have never been so disgruntled with an office experience in my life and I would highly recommend finding absolutely anywhere else to take your business.
5	** OUTSTANDING DR. O'SULLIVAN **I have been a patient with this office since about 1996 when they were part of Arizona Physicians Center and continued my care with them when they formed Camelback Women's Health around 1999/2000. I have never had any of the negative issues that others have posted. My doctor is Erin O'Sullivan with who I have had several annuals and other related office visits with and honestly ladies, there are no complaints here. She is kind, professional, knowledgeable, easy going, listens to the concerns, diagnoses the issue and has a great sense of humor to boot. I have also seen Nurse Practitioners Julie Bergdale and Dawn Huff, such an added bonus to the practice. The PAPs and breast exams are no picnic for any one, but we have to do what we have to do and these providers are excellent. I have my blood drawn on site - and with my needle phobia - it's done and over with. My mammograms are done downstairs at Desert Valley Radiology right after my GYN appointment and also, the technologist there named Debbie is always professional, friendly, on time and the exam fast, easy and painless. All diagnostic results are back to me within a week. Everything done in one day - once a year - suits me just fine.The Practice Manager, Laura Fine is always on site and addresses any and all concerns of the patients quickly, professionally and compassionately. The front office staff is efficient. I love that CWH has an online Patient Portal that gives easy access to results and if a need is there to refill prescriptions. Also, you are able to communicate easily with the Staff thru e-mail. I have referred many to this group and each experience is the same - outstanding. From the compassionate caring Dr. Nelson (where I was in the waiting room as he followed his patient who went into full blown labor right there in the office and her nervous husband to the hospital in case she began to deliver on the way) to the brilliant Dr. Schwartz (who recognized that my friends pregnancy was causing her sudden onset of significant heart issues), to the calm and quiet Dr. De Santo (who has helped so many of my friends with the endometrial ablation procedure as opposed to being told by other GYNs that they needed a hysterectomy) --- this group of doctors is one of the finest practices in the Valley. Period.
2	I was pregnant and my new dr was O'sullivan. It was my first pregnancy so I was so excited.  The staff was nice buti was always waiting 30 mins to an hourafter my scheduled appointment.  Dr. O'sullivan was always very short with me and made me feel dumb for asking questions.  When I gave birth,  she told my family to shut up before my baby entered the world,  which is just plain rude.  Her nurse practitioner was awesome and that's who I saw about 90 percent of my visits.  But the Dr. I'm glad I will never go back to her clinic.
