2	I found Cottage Chic while wandering around Dilworth the other day. It looks charming on the outside, like a little stone house that piques your curiousity. My first thought upon entering was that someone popped a giant piece of pink bubblegum and it exploded all over the walls. Just pink, pink everywhere! I'm not a girly pinky girl, so it took every ounce of me to keep on moving through and check out what they had. It is a pretty cool boutique, carrying products like jewelry, made by three local jewelers, children's items and nursery decor, kitchen items like lotions and soaps, and clothing in the back. I saw the racks and racks of jeans, and that's where I headed. You are not going to find much of a bargain here as everything is very expensive. (Hence, the $140 dollar orange flip-flops I picked up). But you will find a decent selection of designer purses and jeans, and they have a whole belt selection full of funky prints and fun patterns to check out. They carry original artwork as well. Cool place to poke around, but a bit pricey for me.
4	Cottage Chic has a fantastic location right off of East Boulevard. A vintage home has been converted into this business of boutique gift items. The employees were very friendly (they even offered my husband a free Charlotte magazine which scored extra points with us). They have been noted in the Charlotte magazine for winning the best place to find candles. I would have to agree. They have a large assortment. In addition, they offer boutique gifts from handbags (e.g., Kate Spade), baby products, jewelry, pjs and robes, to home linens and decor. The products mainly target women, but I'm sure you can make a guy happy with some soaps and candles too.If you want to buy a fun gift with a boutique feel, this is the place to look.
4	Cottage Chic is indeed chic. Beautiful bedding (shabby chic style). Delicious scented candles. Lovely and delicate jewelry. Pretty pretty handbags. Adorable baby items and sweet onesies. A well-selected array of clothing...jeans, tops, dresses, etc. It smells delightful in here, all zee time. This is most certainly an excellent place to nab a gift for just about any lady. Be aware that the prices are a bit steep but the products are lovely. And, if you're ever in town for their June tent sale...get there. You're welcome.
4	Cottage chic certainly makes my life easier when it's time to get a gift for my wife.  This great little store is a converted home on East blvd. that has kept the original layout to match their merchandise. For example the bedroom is still set up with a bed and bedding is featured.  They also carry a great selection of quality clothes you won't find at the mall along with candles, creams, soaps, and jewelry. It is very expensive but you can find some small items that will leave you with some gas money for the ride home.  The staff is also very helpful and will do a great job of gift wrapping.
1	I have called Cottage Chic twice within the last month inquiring about the Louis small 6L/Iron wood chandelier. I called number 910- 944-0501. Both times with the same question. What is the height of the chandelier including the chain? The sales woman said the dimensions online did not include the chain.. I wanted to make sure the chandelier would not hang too low before I purchased it.  She said she would find out and call me ASAP.. Two weeks passed and no phone call. So I decided to call again. Over two weeks later and no phone call again!! Due to such  poor customer service I will not be purchasing the chandelier from Cottage Chic.. Im shocked a store of this caliber would hire such incompetent workers..
1	I used to be a regular customer at Cottage Chic-the staff was always so helpful and there was a wide variety of gifts, clothing and jewelry. Every time I told my husband I was going there, he would warn me not to spend too much! I just visited there recently and was very disappointed. The inventory was blah and the staff weren't nearly as helpful as before-I miss the blond lady who always helped me make decisions! Hope it turns around soon :(
