5	Dr. Nguyen is the BEST!!! My husband went to him to have his root canal done and he was amazing. He already went to 4 dentist and he liked this one the best. My husband is very picky about doctors so for him to like this one is amazing. He was very patient and joked around so he didn't seem to brown nose. Dr. Nguyen graduated from LSU. Not to mention he has a couple awards and is on the Nevada Dentist Association. At the moment he's growing his client list slowly but I would recommend him to everyone even those who fear the dentist.
4	I've had two cleanings at Best Bite Dental, and I will say that I have officially found a dentist close to home!I can never get out of work to take personal appointments so I like that they have after 5pm appointments. The staff and Dr. Nguyen are very kind, friendly and gentle when it comes to your teeth and mouth. Like everyone on the planet, I hate going to the dentist. I get major anxiety, but I feel comfortable here with Dr. Nguyen. Their prices are very reasonable considering I don't have insurance. I would definitely recommend Best Bite and Dr. Nguyen to Mountain's Edge residents!
3	So why I'm a fan? I've gone to a bunch of different dentists and this is the first that solved almost everything I usually hate about going to them.I know it has to be bright enough so the dentist can see inside my mouth but it's always uncomfortable looking up into those bright lights.  I get to wear my stunna shades here.  No more straining my eyes or closing my eyes, except for sleeping.I hate holding my mouth wide open especially for a long time.  No problem they'll place a block in my mouth holding it open and they can still do what they have to do.  They probably was tired of getting their fingers bitten.They did a excellent job fixing and cleaning my teeth.  Usually after going to the dentist I need to rinse my mouth a lot to clean all that junk out, no junk here.They're not fancy but does what they suppose to well. .
5	I'm not very fond of the dentist, but Dr. Nguyen's work is impressive. He answers all my questions and is very friendly. He makes you feel at ease before he does his work and he asks you to do things instead of just forcing you to turn your head or open your mouth. First time I came in was for a deep cleaning and although somewhat painful he did his best to make it more comfortable for me. Every time he thought I was in pain he'd stop to make sure I was okay. Second visit was for an extraction. I was awake the whole time. Not the most pleasant experience but it definitely wasn't as bad as my first extraction in the military. I actually woke up and had a little squabble with the office during the operation. Overall great experience. If you live around the area definitely worth your while to bring your business here.
1	All I am going to say is DO NOT go to this place. I went in a while back for a cleaning and to have some X-rays done. I was told I needed 2 root canals which I found suspicious because I wasn't having any major issues or pain associated with needing that type of procedure done. After speaking to a few people who have actually needed root canals it was obvious that I needed to seek a 2nd opinion. Which I did and WOW the look on the dentists face when I asked him if I needed a root canal was priceless. This place is sketchy. Im only giving it one star because I have to. If you are looking for a new dentist do some research and find a good one.
