5	When my car breaks down, I walk my fat little butt here! I love this station bc it has all the central buses! I can take the WAX to Bonneville transfer, or if I need to go to the airport I  can take it directly there! The nice thing about the WAX is that you can leave your car there and go on your flight, and its FREE!! That same bus also takes you down to Fremont, so if you wanna go down and rage and not drink and drive you can buy the 24hr ride pass for 5$ and be safe! The WAX also stops on Trop and LV Blvd so thats another plus!In addition to the WAX they have other bus routes as well, if not the bus will drop you in an area where you can take a transfer bus and voila! EASY!! The lobby is always VERY clean and quiet since not too many ppl go in there, theyre equipped with vending machines and nice comfy seats. The restrooms here are also always very clean and nice, and the security gaurd is 99% of the time helpful. The actual station is located in a nice area so no worries about getting mugged! The prices are 2$ for a single ride, 3$ for a 2 hr pass and 5$ for a 24hr pass. The lobby is open 5am-9pm so its very convenient!! I will continue coming here to save on gas when I need to!
5	I'm not gonna lie, I got pretty lucky.  I've been living at my house in Summerlin for 7 or 8 years now, and anytime I had to go to the airport, I'd bother someone to give me a ride (30 minutes) or I'd drive my car and park it at (or near) the airport.  Both are annoying solutions.So last year they built the Westcliff Transit Center, about a mile from my house, and the WAX bus takes you all the way to the airport for $2.  I'm a fan!It's not the biggest or the best bus station, but it's new and pretty easy to navigate.  And there's a great convenient store/gas station across the street.
3	"Aint no thang but a chicken wang!"A tiny transit centre in the far-west part of the valley. Typically, buses are not on time; but, that is to be expected from RTC. It's the American way after all. Ride the Westcliff Airport Express (WAX) to downtown (DLV), or the strip (Trop/Blvd), or all the way to terminal one at Las Vegas International Airport for 2$, or 5$ for the whole day. Bike ParkingSeems silly to only provide one bike rack when the CTC has three; tons of bench-seating area outside here though when Centennial has none (can't have both, apparently). Security & SafetyThere is an armed guard on site; but, he is probably the guy everyone hates at the BTC, so he was more than likely exiled to this remote location. Sorry. (Don't tase me bro.) CCTV camera everywhere. Welcome to the twenty-first century.MiscellaneousArtwork inside is cool. Restroom-usage adequately provided for. There is a Park & Ride adjacent to the WTC but I don't do that. There is nowhere to eat around here at all. Sucks. (No chicken wings or wangs or Wang Chung tonight.)
