5	If you are looking for a Vet in Las Vegas or in Henderson this is the place to go! My baby has been a patient here for over 2 years. The staff, techs, and vets are amazing! They are interested in listening to you the owner and helping you make the best decisions possible. They are knowledgeable and caring. They are available 24 hours a day- I think- and I have never had a problem getting in to see them. This vet is definitely worth the drive to see!
4	I took my two cats here last night to get their annual vaccines and rabies. I have taken them here the other year for vaccinations and boarding which I didn't have the best experience.. but I will base this review on last night's visit. :)First off, I've worked in my fair share of vet clinics since I was in high school, so I know how a vet clinic is run. I am very very picky when it comes to vet clinics which is probably why I haven't found my "regular" vet yet. I found this time around that the receptionist were both very nice and sweet. They checked me in promptly and weighed my kitties for the vet. I've also worked with my share of vet techs and they are not always the most pleasant people to be around. This vet tech (not sure her name but she had an European accent) was the sweetest tech I've ever encountered!!  She was very gentle with my cats and was coaxing them so they wouldn't be nervous. She was also very polite to me as well :) Dr. Jowanna seemed like a younger vet -- no problems here but he was very thorough with questions and the examination of my kitties. He answered any questions I had and explained to me the side-effects of vaccines, etc.For vaccinations, South Valley is very resonable. They are $11 per vaccine and they don't charge a exam fee like most animal hospitals do. I have not had to bring them here for other reasons (knock on wood) so I am not sure as to how much sick visits would estimate to. Overall, I was very happy with my experience at South Valley last night. I normally leave animal clinics mad and upset because either the receptionist are plain rude or their doctors only want to run unnecessary tests to make your bill higher. But I was very happy and will feel comfortable bringing my cats back here again next year.
3	i wish i had great review as others did, but my personal experience here was as follows:it seems like there is a lot of upselling. when i was last there, i asked for a prescription for heartworm medication. a prescription was all i wanted so i can research prices on the internet for myself. instead, the vet returned with a year's worth of medication, instead of the prescription that i asked for, and then i was immediately charged what they wanted for it.what bothers me most, it that they tend to take my pets out of the exam room to a 'back room' every time to do vaccinations, blood tests, etc. the waits are usually lengthy and my pets sometime return unusually frazzled which makes me more nervous about the minutes they were taken away to this mysterious back room. after one visit, my dog came down with a bad respiratory infection.  she caught it at a visit to south valley during one of these 'back room' visits. i had to spend on another vet visit (somewhere else) plus medications to then get my dog cured.on top of all that, the clinic lost my dog's bloodwork that was to check for heartworm.  i was told the results were never sent out/lost and to request a refund.  when i called to ask for a refund, i received a lot of attitude over the phone, so much that i felt like i had somehow done something wrong, by the end of that call. unfortunately, i did not experience the stellar customer service/reception that other fellow yelpers did.service was lukewarm at best and rude/flipplant at worst.i've taken my pets into this clinic on three occasions. i was hoping that i'd finally found the right clinic for my pets but every time i go back, i walk away feeling just a little less confidence in the place than the visit before.
2	This was my first visit & I was hoping for a positive experience since this place is in a great neighborhood & only 3 minutes away from my house. However, I feel pretty cheated in my visit today. I brought my dog in for a full set of vaccinations & to bandage a broken, bleeding nail. Most* of the receptionist were pretty friendly & I was checked in relatively quick. The vet tech was super-friendly, though I never got her name. Since it was my first time, I got the next available veterinarian to check my dog. I wasn't too comfortable with my dog being weighed, given shots, & being tested in a completely separate room. I was waiting for a very long time not knowing what was being done to my dog.Dr. James was cordial, but a very cold. She wasn't thorough in explaining anything specific that was going on with my dog beyond what I had initially brought him in for. Just told me that she was going to do some tests, handed me a bunch of prescriptions, & sent me off my merry way completely lost in the dark. So I ended up paying over double what I had expected at the end of the visit. The vaccinations were reasonably priced as my dog had to get a full set--$40. The exam/consultation for his nail was an additional $40. I was expecting the price to include the bandage since it was obvious that he was just bleeding & needed it to be wrapped, but  for some absurd reason I was charged an additional $29. Basically I spent $70 on a little Kwik Stop (styptic powder) & tape for my dog's foot. I was told my dog might have an ear infection, so Dr. James came back with a couple of prescriptions. The total bill was roughly $200 for tests & prescriptions I didn't even ask for. I understand that these are probably things that my dog needs. However, when I'm not even aware of what's being done & charged by a doctor who's not even enthusiastic about my concern towards a family member, I won't sit easy with the experience & departure of my funds. When she left, I didn't get so much as even a hand shake--not a great first impression for me. I'll probably return to that hospital just for convenience, but I will not use the same veterinarian again.
1	I have been hesitant to write this but after 3 months I need to get this off my chest.  My cats have been patients at SVAH since relocating to Las Vegas in 2008. We have been fortunate to only need well-care and buy prescription kibble monthly.  In December 2011 my 7 yr old kitty didn't feel well and had a foul odor from his breath. I took him for an appointment and was shocked to see that the lady doctors had all left the practice and there were new doctors. Upon examination they diagnosed a couple bad teeth and a dental cleaning. They did routine blood work and we scheduled the surgery appt. After dropping my kitty for an early morning appointment I got a phone call 3 hours later to let me know the surgery could not be performed. The bloodwork showed renal failure. I immediately returned to the office and was given very little information and very little hope. The doctor was fixated on this $650 ultrasound to check for heart damage. No matter what questions I asked, they could not be answered without this ultrasound. They could not perform this right away due to the holiday weekend, THANK GOODNESS!!! I paid a $600 bill (payment plans are not an option in their office) and was sent home with a bag of plain saline solution to give sub q fluids daily and a bag of RD kibble that my cat couldn't eat due to his aching teeth!!!   Time for a second opinion! We searched and discovered a specialist for cats only. After alot of research, soft RD foods, antibiotics, and sub-q fluids enhanced with potassium & B-12 our kitty is doing awesome!  Within 3 days he went 180 degrees in the other direction.  We were given realistic expectations and answers to what the future will hold. It has been over 2 months since initial diagnosis. The bill for consult, exam, new bloodwork, 3 medications and power packed IV was half of what I paid previously. They called me daily over the holiday to check on my kitty. I understand different treatment plans depending on training but to date.. we have never been asked to do an ultrasound. The medication and diet helped cure our kitty...I still can't understand what different would be done after doing a $650 ultrasound.  In this economy common sense must  be used, your office lost 4 loyal patients.
5	This is where I take my beloved little Triana for kitteh maintenance. The first time I brought her there, they discovered a serious and troubling condition that required surgery. They did as good of a job putting me at ease as they did ensuring her comfort.Their staff has always been friendly, professional, organized and knowledgeable in all our interactions. You can tell this place is a labor of love for many of them. I can't imagine what more you could want in a vet.
4	I've taken my two Shih Tzu's to this clinic a couple of times for shots and ear treatment. The vets are knowledgeable and have never tried to convince me that my dogs have any extra illnesses they don't really have. The clinic used to be a little pricey but now that they are priced the same as any other vet clinic in town it's a good clean convenient place to take your pet if you are in Southern Highlands.
5	This place is all kinds of awesome. I took Jacques (my Bichon) to the groomer (yes, with a Groupon), however they would not groom him without a current shot record. Rather than drive all the way home and hope that his previous immunization records were up to date, I called South Valley Animal Hospital because they were not too far from the groomer. The young lady on the phone was pleasant, and she told me that the shots were only $10 each (another place I called wanted $98 for 4 vaccines), and that there was no waiting.I immediately drove down to the hospital. The waiting area was nice and clean and everyone was quite friendly and pleasant.  Jacques and I were taken to a room right away, and it only took a matter of minutes for Jacques to get weighed, have his temperature taken (mind your booty!), and get all of his necessary immunizations. What a terrific staff! You can tell they were genuine animal lovers. I received my receipt and Jacques' new immunization records, and I was back to groomer within one hour. I would definitely recommend this place!
5	i Googled this place up on my iphone, and the staff was very friendly! very nice and clean, no doggy smell, price was reasonable, i'll bring my Coco back for a check up in a month!
4	This animal hospital is great.  The facility is neat and clean and the front staff and doctors are professional.  They take care of my two dogs as if they were their own, and that really matters to me.  My Shih Tzu had to stay over for a few days to be carefully monitored and the doc called us everyday with updates.  They answer our many questions, give us recommendations if they can, OOooh and they send out my pet insurance claims for me....aaaah thats doggy hospital service right there!
4	Brought my dog to get his annual shots. I thought because this is the only animal hosiptal in Sourthern Highlands there price would be outragous. Actually they were quite afforable. The hospital is very clean organized and well kept. The vet spent her time making sure any questions or concerns I had were answered. I will be back to south valley animal hospital.
5	I have 5 Pomeranians, so Vet care is very important to me. Facilities are nice and always spotless. Front desk is efficient and very helpful. I brought our newest Pom (Teddy) in to see Dr. Allison Graff and she was awesome. Loving, kind and thorough!  She even called personally to check up on Teddy after the visit. Prices are in range with other decent practices in town.   Very reassuring that the clinic offers Sunday hours and emergency care after hours. It seems my babies get sick at the most inopportune moments, so this is great.   Highly recommend!
5	We are very happy with Dr. Graff and all of the staff at South Valley Animal Hospital.  It is nice to see that they care as much about our animals as we do.  The facility is clean, organized, and the staff is very accommodating.  We board out two dogs frequently with them as we'll and our dogs love it there.  I can't imagine taking our dogs anywhere else.
2	First let me say that the Veterinarians and assistant vets at the location are top flight. They are knowledgeable, courteous and very professional and I guess most of you would say that that should be enough for the care of your pets. Working in the customer service industry myself there is another aspect other than the technical knowledge of your job which is very important and that is how you treat your customers. My bad experiences comes from the front desk. Twice I've been made fun of (quietly and on the sly) and maybe it stems from being in a predominantly white residential neighborhood where the younger crowd may not have been in contact with the diversity in our culture. I wont be specific because I believe in second chances and I wouldn't want anyone to lose their position because of my comments but you know who you are and what I am talking about. If I feel that I am being disrespected I will simply stop using your services. Except for the Vets and the convenience of location I may have already done that. I am 62, a veteran of the Army and Navy and have no criminal record. I expect to be treated the same as everyone else. Not better but same.
5	From beginning to the end of our sweet boy's life with us, the South Valley Staff and Dr. Benson were compassionate, thorough and understanding.  Dr. Benson worked tirelessly with us to try and control our dog's epilepsy.  While we can't say enough about the medical care and professionalism this clinic provided, it was receiving numerous calls on the doctor's off days, the techs who held our boy as he had a seizure, to the hugs at the end that truly made this place exceptional.  Blessed to have had our boy, and blessed to have found SV.
5	What a great experience in such a horrible situation. I brought my Bengal cat, Captain Morgan to the vet because he was lethargic, not eating, and just not acting like himself. My first day I brought him in I was being helped by Dr. Benson who had helped Captain previously. She is always so friendly and takes the time to really answer everything and explain everything that is going on. Captain didn't improve so I brought him back. Dr. Anderson was the next and final vet assisting us. After fluids, and tests and x-rays... it was determined and decided surgery was the answer. Dr. Anderson gave me the facts and made me a total part of the whole process, not just pushing treatments at me. She was in contact with me and let me know what was going on the whole time. I am hoping Captain comes home tomorrow.... but I know he is in great hands. This vet office is a 15-20 minute drive for me, but I will not go to any other vet! From the time I came in, the staff behind the counter was so friendly, same with all the vet techs that I came in contact with. Most importantly Captain did not seem afraid and loved everyone giving him attention! I recommend this Vet office to ANYONE and could say good things about your staff and office all day long! Thank you for saving my cat, he is a member of the family and I am grateful for everything you did!!
5	I recently got a puppy and saw the reviews on Yelp and decided to bring him here. The staff is really friendly and the doctors are great. The staff greets me and my pup with a smile and some even remember his name which gets his little tail wagging to hear the excitement in their voices. The doctors always give my puppy his shots in the room with me present. They never pressure me into having any services done and always go over their recommendations for preventative care.I always leave here feeling like the doctors and staff really care for the animals they work with. They send postcards to remind you of what services your pet is due for. I always have a long list of questions about the care of my puppy and every doctor he has seen has taken the time to go over all of them with me. They never treat me like they're in a hurry. The prices are decent and they are open every day. I am glad I brought my little guy here since the doctors and staff are so caring so I know he is in good hands.
5	I took my baby to get her vaccines here since it's the closest vet to my house.  I was very impressed with the friendly service and clean facility.  I called and was told I could just walk in anytime that day to get Miss Bella's shots.  On a Tuesday afternoon we were in and out in 30 minutes with new client paperwork and all.  Good Value: Price for 4 vaccines were $40, $10 each.  Vaccines came with a physical too so that was nice.  5 Stars for sure!
5	I was in need of a new vet since I had relocated a few months ago and my usual vet was 30 minutes away. I had to board my 2 year old Brittany for the first time and I was incredibly apprehensive since this would be the first time I'd done so. My dog also needed to get her annual check up and shots. Not only were they great with Abbey, their prices are more than affordable. I ended up paying less for 5 days boarding, 4 vaccines, and a fecal test than I did for Abbey's annual checkup at my other vet. The staff was very friendly and Abbey got along with them wonderfully (she's a rescue and is not fond of people in white coats).  When I picked up Abbey, she was a happy camper and looked great. It totally dissuaded my fears about boarding. I will definitely be keeping South Valley as my primary vet and definitely recommend them as they are cost efficient, great with animals, and friendly.
5	I had a really crazy dog emergency and rushed my dog over just before noon on Friday. My dog has never been there before and I obviously didn't have an appointment. I called on my way to let them know I was coming and they informed me there could be a wait, since it was almost noon I figured we would be waiting quite a while, since I'm sure they were going to lunch. I was waiting in the lobby maybe 10 minutes! This was including paperwork, And what an incredible staff. Everyone was really nice and prompt! Not something you find at a lot of vets. --especially on a Friday!! Dr. Benson took great care of my baby boy, who had to stay for 3 days! She took great care of him and personally called me everyday to update me on his status. I've got my little one back now and couldn't be more pleased with my experience at south valley animal hospital! Thank you so much Dr. Benson.
1	I had a black pekingese, 8lbs, 5yrs old, he is in my profile picture. He was healthy and didn't have any high or low blood levels during his yearly blood work. I took him in for a routine teeth cleaning and he had a cardiac arrest, while they were administering propofol and it took them 2 minutes to get oxygen to him.  He is a brachiocephalics dog, this I understand. This was not my first visit, this has been his veterinarian 3 1/2 years. She has put him under prior, twice. Once for a teeth cleaning and neutered. Under the circumstances, they should have had all proper equipment out and ready. However, they weren't and I no longer have my baby. I also have a bulldog and she was having diarrhea, so I took her in. Dr. Dagle decided that since my other dog had worms, the bulldog did, too. She gave her worm medicine, without the test results back. I  did not give her the worm medicine,  we hadn't received results. Two days later, I get a call she tested negative for worms. I no longer ever wanted to see Dr. Dagle. Negligence seems to happen in this office a bit too much.  I can't believe I have to give it a star.
4	I've been taking my 9 year old toy poodle here ever since we moved to Vegas about two years ago. He's had he yearly check ups & vaccines. He just recently has his teeth cleaned and they did an amazing job. We just got a puppy and she's been there for her 18 weeks shots & check ups. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Their prices are reasonable but I go bc if the friendly & caring staff. You can tell automatically that they love animals & what they do.
5	Dr. Daigle is the best Vet I've ever gone to! She's the only one I want treating my 2 dogs now.
5	Love this place! I bring my dogs here for their vaccines and they are extremely affordable! I've also boarded my chihuahua here and he did great. Boarding prices are great too! The girls at the desk are friendly as well are the doctors and their assistants. I recommend this place to anyone. They run specials on their website, so be sure to check that out before hand.
5	Took my new rescue dog here for shots and was very happy with the service.  The prices are very fair, nice staff, clean office- can't ask for anything more.  Thanks for taking good care of my dog!
5	My 7 year old Pembroke Corgie recently ripped out one of his  back nails while we were in the process of moving from one house to another. This was Wednesday the 2nd of July at 8:00 pm at night.  My normal vet is on maternity leave and when I called this office the vet said bring him in. So on a hot muggy Wednesday night I show up with a 30 lb. bleeding upset corgie who by the way is not fond of men. The vet was awesome. Took Rocky and me in to the room, talked to Rocky explained in detail what he was going to do and then took Rocky to the back. The vet came back in about 20 minutes later told me he will be cleaning the paw and would be putting a muzzle on Rocky. Within an hour I had my beautiful corgie back with me and he had a wrapped up back paw that has now healed. I really can not say enough about this office and their staff. I highly recommend their services.
5	Awesome place. Always clean and looks professional. The staff are always friendly and excited to be working there when I bring my dogs in. Quick, professional, and no hassle. Best in Vegas so far.
5	Even though I don't live in the southern highlands anymore and currently reside on the southwest, I still drive to this vet because of their amazing customer service to me and my blue nose pit bull.When he was three months old I was nervous to take him in just because I didn't know how they would react to a pit bull, but turned out most of the animals they see are pits ! They loved him! Every time I brought him in for check ups they remembered him as soon as we walked in. He was a little bit out of control when he was a puppy and they could tell I was struggling holding him down or pulling his lease, but they helped me out a lot. They played with him while I filled out paper work, cleaned up his accidents when he got excited (sorry again!), etc. Dr. Anderson is very sweet and kind and I love the assistants with her. You can tell they love what they do.
5	First visit was fantastic. The nurse and doctor both displayed genuine care and concern. My kinds of people!Very professional and was in and out promptly. Will certainly be using them for any pet care in the future.
5	I'm thrilled to have found a great new vet for our beloved dogs! Dr Benson is great, and every member of the staff was kind and professional. They took excellent care of my girl, (a 10 year old lab). I was very impressed with the level of care!
5	I am on my 4th rescue dog and this one is a DDR German Shepherd. She has soooomany health issues but we have now found a new Vet family who ALL truly care. Sure there are lots of animal hospitals in the Las Vegas area but it seems that most or at least many are overbooked and understaffed and over-priced except South Valley! They are waaaay down at the south end of the Las Vegas valley (hence the name) but just a mile off of I-15 opposite the turnoff to the "M" Resort. We have been into the office three times now and we have never had more than a 10 minute wait and the front staff make you feel like "Norm" at Cheers. ALL are super friendly and are almost always quick to get down to my dog's level to say Hi and play with her taking away all of her nervousness. The clinic is always spotless and smells great (as do the staff  hahahaha)  Dr O'Donoghue is so caring and concerned and gives us all the time we need plus she really listens to the reasons for our visits. The prices here are very fair and worth the drive even if you do not live down south.  Plenty of easy parking and easy to get in and out of their location.
5	I was so happy to find South Valley Animal Hospital after so many horrible experiences with Banfield. Their services are cheaper & they seem to be a lot more knowledgeable than Banfield.
5	This place is amazing they are super nice love my huskies Nala and lucky and best of all always know how to treat my pups quick and painless. The vet is very friendly and will answer all my questions. It's also nice that it is affordable no hidden fees or unreasonable fees. I recommend everyone come to this vet.
