5	What a gem! A true oasis in the desert! Can you tell I love this place!!OK, enough of the exclamation points. The Gilbert Riparian Preserve was created to utilize recycled waste water to create a community wetland and wildlife sanctuary for recreation, education, and research. In Gilbert, AZ! (I know, more excamation points...) The Preserve is right across from the Town Library, so make a day of it. The website boasts that over 200 species of birds can be seen throughout the year. Not being a myself, I have noted probably a dozen or so. No matter. The 4.5 miles of walking trails are lovely, with enough wild vegetation you feel like you are out in the desert, not on a busy Gilbert street-corner. The wetlands create both bird and wildlife habitat and a fishing area, where kids can have a no-fuss first fishing experience. The Riparian Institute also offers programs and classes to the public, like ranger-led birds walks, kids camps, public educational programs with naturalists, and viewings at the new observatory. Although my family hasn't tried it yet, they offer stargazing every second Friday of the month. The Preserve is free, although special events and camps can require advance registration and a fee.
5	My Chihuahua, Elvis, and I are in a Doggie Social Club and we meet here once a month.   The 110-acre Riparian Preserve at Water Ranch is located just east of the intersection at Guadalupe and Greenfield roads in Gilbert, Arizona. The purpose of the Institute is to preserve valuable natural resources, create and conserve scarce riparian areas, and protect wildlife habitats.  Quite an ambitious goal.The Riparian Institute is a non-profit organization formed by the Town of Gilbert, with of mission of promoting awareness and appreciation of Arizona's ecology and natural history, particularly desert and riparian environments. The Institute offers a variety of education and recreation programs,  ranger-led walks, family bird walks,  youth programs (bird walks, nature hikes, dinosaur and archaeological digs, astronomy viewings, and camping), and group lessons on conservation, ecology, water, plants and wildlife.Who knew how cool this is!   You need to go with or without a dog!
3	The purpose and goals of the preserve are great- conserve water, help animals, provide a place for the public to spend time outside enjoying nature. The 2 people that reviewed before me did a great job of outlining all of those assets. The reason that I didn't get the Riparian Preserve more stars was because of my disappointment in the activities at the preserve on an average day. I went with a friend and we walked the trails (unfortunately, the water levels were all low at the time and there wasn't too much to look at). We heard birds, but not being too in-tune with nature, neither of us knew what we were looking at (or could we actually SEE the birds most of the time). It's quite possible that I'm just not used to Arizona wildlife yet, but I felt like there wasn't too much to see. But, at the very least, it was a good walk.
4	The really interesting thing about this preserve is that it's in the middle of Gilbert. You'd never expect to find a nature preserve tucked between the unassuming Gilbert Public Library and track-home neighborhoods. Yet, it's there, and it's quite a gem of the east valley. They have multiple things going on all times of the year, from guided bird watching to night-time observatory star gazing. The preserve is a little sanctuary of nature and beauty within the confines of our sprawling metropolis and I absolutely love it. What I especially enjoy is how the Gilbert Public Library looks out to the preserve with its giant floor-to-ceiling windows. So even when it's sweltering in the dead of summer, you can still go to the preserve and enjoy the beauty while reading a book in the library.
4	The good thing about this place is that it is ideal for families as all age groups will find something to do. My parents could not walk long distances. The kids found some spots to play around. The place does look beautiful but remember to check the weather forecast first as it will be no fun to be out there under a hot sun.
5	My first encounter at the Preserve was a first date. I had to give the guy kudos for picking such a cool place although we later just became friends.So I decided to adventure on my own. It was a beautiful Saturday and I did not want to do the usual hike. I wanted something a little different as I wanted to journal and read. I get to the Preserve and it is a nice crowd of vehicles in the lot. Nothing too crazy but it was great to see people taking advantage of the beautiful day on the Preserve. There is a little something for everyone. You can go into the library and grab a book or hit the computer. Outside is the real gem. You have urban fishers, bird watchers and people walking for exercise. There is something to see around every corner. There are so many different types of birds there it sounds like a symphony when you get out of your car. There are schools of fish floating around. Turtles scooting from here to there. Flowers everywhere. The rains really made such a difference here this time of year. It was just bustling with activity. I came to stroll, take it all in and relax. I walked around a bit partaking in the beauty of nature. I found the perfect little covered bench overlooking the water. I think I stayed there on that bench for 2 hours. Between reading, journal writing and staring at the birds the time just flew by.The Riparian Preserve is a must for anyone in the valley. If you can get there while the wildflowers are in bloom do yourself a favor and go.
4	I came here to sit around and do some sketching.  I ended up sitting under a tree near the catfish stocked pond, which is actually big enough to give you a nice, outdoorsy lake feel.  People were sitting around in lounge chairs fishing, feeding ducks, you can see a few turtles here and there near the shore, on the other side of the lake/pond, there's a swampier area where you can see alot of interesting birds.  It's definitely a relaxing retreat, the buildings are close to the lake, there's a library, so it's kind of a park, only bigger, yet smaller than Tempe Town Lake.  Hope that makes sense and gives you an idea.
4	Wonderful little spot in the middle of Gilbert that so many locals don't even know exists.  It can be a little rough in the high summer, but any other time of year it is wonderful for a walk and some wildlife exploration.Or just to sit and think.
4	I've got to admit, fishing at the Water Ranch pond kind of makes me think of the Beverly Hillbillie's "cement pond".  But I really like it!  The location is perfect; right at the intersection of Guadalupe & Greenfield.  Parking is no problem.  The walk from car to water is little more than a skip, hop and a jump.  Very easy for my elderly dad to take my son fishing.  The fishing is easy too.  The pond is stocked with Trout, Bass, Catfish and Sunfish.  We've been catching nice trout (10-12 inches, Yum!) using nightcrawlers.  I'm keep hearing that white power bait works too.  Although the bottom of the pond seems to have several rocks, snags don't ever seem to be a problem.  Maybe best of all, the edge of the pond is a cement curbed sidewalk.  Like I said, Jethro Bodine would be right at home.  I suppose if you are gonna be an "Urban Fisherman" you might as well do it right!Not much into fishing?  No problem.  There is a wonderful library with windows looking out over the pond.  There are paths for a nice walk.  There are birds everywhere.  There is even some kind of observatory (haven't checked it out yet, don't know the details).All-in-all, this place is exactly what you'd want... and more.
5	An oasis in the midst of a busy city . . . I'm not sure how I first heard of this park but I'm glad I was in the area with my family and made a point to stop.Giant pond where people sit and fish, read a book or simply meditate.There are guided tours for birds and nature walks.My son and I had a great time biking around the path that went around the pond.Beautifully landscaped, a super way to enjoy an relaxing Sunday afternoon or anytime during the week if you are in the area!
5	This beautiful preserve in located in the middle of one of Gilbert's extensively developed residential areas and is designed to be both a wildlife sanctuary and a groundwater recharging area.  It's a great place to hike, bike, or just stroll and enjoy the tranquility and the beauty of nature. A trail system loops around Water Ranch Lake and seven ponds, and the availability of water results in the maintenance of a more lush vegetative community than you would expect in this region. The lake, ponds, and abundance of vegetation also provide habitat for a lot of wildlife, and indeed this is a bird watcher's paradise. There are picnic areas and restrooms, and children can play in the play area or dig for "fossils" in the Dino Dig area. My friend and I are thankful that the preserve allows dogs (as long as they are on a leash) and even provides "mutt mitts" for cleaning up.
5	Great place to go for a walk and/or to go bird watching.  There are different paths you can take, and you can see a lot of birds you would normally not see out in the hustle and bustle of the city.
5	Don't exactly know how to rate an urban "Riparian Preserves"; but I love this place. The first time I stumbled upon it I saw a crane fly low over the water looking for fish - forgot for a second that I was in Gilbert. The spot is not only beautiful but also one of the more serene places in the east Valley. It's a great place to sit down and let all that is troubling you slip away.
4	Nice place to walk and view wildlife. You can even fish here with a license. My kids love to come for a walk!
5	The preserve is also good to take your dog for a leisurely walk through nature.  There are lots of stands with poop bags (Although all the ones I checked were empty), and there are both paved and unpaved trails for you and your dog to go through.  On our journey today we saw some songbirds, hummingbirds, ducks, a soaring raptor, and a hopping cottontail.  My dog enjoyed sniffing all the plants and staring at all the various wildlife!
5	Love this place - one of my favorite places to run, a great place to walk the dog, check out nature with the kids, a walk at dusk with the wife.  We have seen some amazing wildlife from brightly colored love birds to coyotes.  The rentable camp sights are clean and and designed in a way that gives you a real desert camping experience, only a quarter mile from the nearest Walgreens :-). Great date place, family fun place, and a retreat from city life right in the middle of the city.
5	It was a normal winter Saturday in Arizona with the Sun Blazing, dry breeze slowly breezing.  It was a cool 81 degrees Fahrenheit in late November which can probably only be said in the Grand Canyon State.  Before the 24th of November 2012, I had never even once thought of visiting the Riparian Water Preserve in Glendale Arizona, rather I had never even heard of it.   It was thanks to a Biology Lab Field trip that I was even made aware of its existence and was now required to go.  It wasn't a class field trip but rather a mandatory individual trip that had to be made.  We were given two weeks to make the trip and I decided to go on a Saturday so I wouldn't have to worry about going in between classes or having to wake up early because like most "normal" people I am not a morning person. In the beginning, I had assumed that it would take a long time to make the trip to the preserve's location but to my utmost surprise it was actually quite close.  Located in between the cities of Mesa and Chandler at 2757 E. Guadalupe Road in Gilbert, it is easily accessible for people who want to go enjoy a day with hiking through brushes learning about different kinds of plants that would normally not grow in that area, watch an array of bird species that would typically not be found in the desert, or watch animals that originally inhabit the desert. As we drove into the parking lot it seemed like a very small area for a place so huge that possibility of having to locate parking spaces in other venues would be highly possible but luckily for me and my cousin it would seem a lot of the frequent visitors had other things planned and left the lot quite empty.  After parking, we walked in and I had the immediate sense of entering just a plain old normal city park.  Until we reached the first sign in which I had to answer some questions required for my biology assignment and we read up on the park and what is so unique about it.  Riparian basically means land associated with water and in Gilbert, ponds were created with treated wastewater, rich with nutrients, producing lush vegetation and subsequently attracted a wide array of wildlife.   The Water is of course fenced due to the fact that it is not treated to a high enough standard for public safety, but this doesn't not deter any of the animals attracted to the area. Right of the bat we walked along a pathway built over the water and there was an abundant bird species just hanging by the water doing what they do best.  Among these usually foreign animals, there were many varieties of ducks, pelicans, egrets, and many that I had never even seen or heard of before, hares, rabbits, coyotes, and various insect species including bees, butterflies, and dragonflies.  It was the first time I had ever seen a pelican and they are surprisingly large.  I have always watched animal documentaries and have up until now thought that they were significantly smaller, which just goes to show that there is nothing better than watching an animal documentary in person. Besides the abundant wild life roaming around the area or floating above water, or even diving beneath the water's surface to feed, there was a copious amount plant life that would not usually be found in this type of habitat.  What stood out the most was of course the plethora of cacti species growing everywhere which shouldn't be too much of a surprise for most but for a pacific islander, it was quite interesting.  Among the other plant life, there were Coyote Willow's that would normally grow in areas at about 5800 to 8200 feet above sea level and can usually be seen in the Nutrioso Creek, Soap berries and Walnuts which usually grow at 4400 to 4900 feet above sea level.  All of these different forms of life forms have somehow developed a life and are able to survive this desert climate all due to the ponds that were built to treat waste water.   As a desert dweller, it is kind of a step out of the desert and into a new habitat.  It is basically a part of Arizona that without human intervention would never be part of Arizona.  It is great place for bird watchers or anybody who just enjoys nature.  I was very skeptical about having a good time visiting the Riparian Water Preserve in Glendale mainly because it was for school, but astonishingly I had a great time walking around watching the different and abundant forms of wildlife that would normally not be found in a desert as well as reading up on the various plant species that could somehow find a way to grow in this type of climate. Best time to go would be middle of October through December in the fall and March through May in the spring or summer.  I suggest you bring any form of hydration during a hot day.  I would definitely recommend taking the time to go visit this beautiful oasis in the middle of the desert.
4	I love this place, it is good for a hike or a jog or even a simple walk.  Glad i discovered such an amazing oasis.
4	I love this place. It's a little piece of water space that makes me forget I'm in the desert for awhile- even with all the desert plants and trees! The observatory is nice, and we've even had a couple of birthday parties for my daughter there. A great multi-use space.
2	I am writing this from the perspective of being a photographer. This is the first time that I have been to the Preserve after reading, and hearing so much about it. I found it to be quite disappointing. The issues with the Preserve, again, only from a bird spotting, and photography standpoint are many.1. The area is completely overgrown. It has limited the view of all of the ponds and removed the vast majority of quality shooting locations. Beyond that, walking along the paths is ridiculous. I was walking along ponds, I should have been able to see, completely obstructed by shrubs and trees.To define a quality shooting location; an area one can sit in, with a 180 degree view of the pond or the subject in front of the person. There were trees that had 1/3 of its trunk covered in debris. I sat and watched birds, rats, and rabbits emerge from the debris. This overgrowth is both unsightly, and a fire hazard. 2. The majority of the benches and blinds have been rendered unusable. Again, it comes down to the area being overgrown.  I walked past several benches that were placed on the edge of the pond, yet a view of dense shrubbery was presented. The blinds in the special use areas are shrouded and covered. What's the point of having a permit to use an area that has no unobstructed view? 3. Varmints. There are rabbits EVERYWHERE. Yes, they're cute, but rabbits bring rats, and there were a ton of those too. This is a disease outbreak waiting for a place to happen. I went today looking for Burrowing Owls. All gone. Why? Cats. Feral cats have preyed on all of the Burrowing Owls, and they have been removed. 4. The ponds are inconsistently watered. This has made the birds leave for other locations. I am incredibly displeased that I went today. I can go to a golf course and see the same birds with far less hassle, and can get great shots. It's unfortunate that the staff of this preserve isn't committed to making this a pristine bird area.
4	A great place for photographers; on the Sunday morning that we were there I have never seen so many people wandering around with long lenses on their cameras.  Many birds winter here and many more are residents. It was surprising how some of the birds, including great egrets and great blue herons let people get close.  One heron was so near that he filled the camera frame with a 200mm lens and I couldn't get his full reflection in too. Those with patience and time take a stool and wait for wildlife to get close or do something interesting.This is a big park with miles of trails, lots of ponds and fields plus brushy areas. It is open to dogs (on leashes), bicyclists, etc. but is big enough to accommodate all; though dogs do scare some of the wildlife away.
5	My husband, kids and I love this place.  It's a big area with a number of different paths to take that you can spend hours at walking, bike riding by manmade lakes with lots of birds to photograph.  It's quiet and we have come here a number of times.  There are places to fish.  Bring your camera and walking shoes.  If you love desert plants, this is also the place to be.The cool thing is, it's totally free.  You get to enjoy nature and people we encounter are always nice.  It's also next to the Greenfield Maricopa County Library, which is beautiful and looks into the Riparian.So, if you are in the East Valley wanting a nice, easy hike, do some bird watching, take beautiful photograghs, do some fishing, this is the place to be.It's best to park in the library parking lot, which also has an entrance into the Riparian as the parking lot at the Riparian is quite limited.
5	This place is really awesome. It's one of those places that you don't expect to exists in the middle of a city. I've taken my kids twice now and both times have seen flocks of unique birds. Yes the park is not as "maintained" as a regular park and has some fairly overgrown areas but I think that's what brings in some of the more exotic birds. There are also plenty of paths and breaks in the brush in which you can walk through the overgrowth and get right down to the water and get very close to the birds without upsetting them.I've only taken a 200mm and 210mm lens with me and got some really up close bird shots. It's really hard to carry my heavy 500mm and take the kids so I haven't tken it yet and haven't felt like I'm missing much. There is a more manicured area/lake where you can get some good shots of ducks and coots that walk up to you/expecting to be fed. You can also fish in this lake and it's stocked with trout and bass. Some of the more overgrown parts of the park and ponds you can see lots of shorebirds, egrets, multiple species of herons and geese. I plan on going every couple of weeks with my kids in the hopes of seeing some chicks soon! It's close enough to my house in Gilbert and inexpensive enough (read: FREE) to show up once a week just to check.
5	Beautiful, unexpected location in the middle of the city! I was lucky enough to be married here this past winter in the Outlook Ramada. The setting provided gorgeous wedding pictures as well as a calming presence on one of the biggest days of my life.
4	I'm really not much of a nature person, and am certainly not a bird watcher, but I can still appreciate this place as a nice place to take a walk or a run. The water is nice, but a tease to my 2 year old who would of course much rather swim in it than look at how pretty it is.
5	We had such a good time at the Riparian Preserve with our son.  The preserve is much larger than I had expected it to be and the endless trails through the brush were a lot of fun to explore.There is a fishing lake that was very popular and plenty of wildlife to find.  Even though the Preserve is just a "walk around and look at nature stuff" we spent about three hours there with my two-year old just enjoying everything, wandering down paths, and splashing our hands in the stream.Right at the front of the park there is also a small play area for kids and plenty of picnic space with views of the lake.  We haven't done it yet, but there is an observatory just inside the park that indicates it is open to the public on Friday and Saturday nights - no reservations are required.  I guess you just show up and they'll let you use their big telescope.  I'll need to go check that out.I had been intending to go to the Preserve for a long time now and I'm glad we finally did.  It is definitely a place we will go back to while the weather is good.
5	This is a great place to take the dogs walking with the stroller. So happy I found this. We will defiantly be going here way more seeing it's only a little but from home. Wish we could let our dogs off the leash but with all the wildlife I fully understand. It's truly a beautiful place hidden in the city.
5	This is hands down my favorite place to walk my dogs in the entire Valley!  Many different dirt paths meander and intertwine to give a multi-mile walking path through dense vegetation and various lakes/ponds.  Sometimes, mid-walk you just might forget you're surrounded by traffic and urban sprawl--it really is that beautiful and peaceful!  The Riparian Preserve is home to a bird sanctuary where ducks, geese, herons, and song birds nest and feed.  They also have an observatory that's open Friday and Saturday nights, BBQ's where you can grill, picnic benches to eat at, and a lake where you can fish.  It's a great place to walk, run, ride horses or bikes, or take your annual family Christmas photo--which half of Gilbert does every Fall.  My only complaints are that some thoughtless individuals fail to clean up their trash (not sure if their mothers never taught them to pick up after themselves or they think a magic fairy follows them around for the sole purpose of disposing of their junk) or worse yet, their used fishing lines--this one's the bad one though--I've actually seen poor ducks who have mistakenly swallowed fishing hooks swim around helplessly until they die--true story.  Really sad stuff.  Other frequent visitors have said their dogs have stepped on used fishing hooks and hurt their paws--so just watch out for that if you're walking by the fishing lake with animals or small children.  And if you're fishing, PLEASE take that one extra minute to dispose of your junk!  Also, some other losers decided the Riparian Preserve would be a good place to dump their unwanted house cats--which over time has led to a burgeoning feral cat population, which preys on the nesting baby birds (as told to me by one of the park rangers); you may see some of these furry predators as you walk around.  So please, if you're considering giving your poor house cat the boot, find a friend or animal shelter instead of setting them loose here.  Alright, I'm done ranting.
5	I've never heard about this place until I had to go here for class. I ended up loving it out here, it's very peaceful and you get to escape from the city. There are a bunch of areas to go and venture off to or you can sit on the benches and watch the ducks and geese or you can even go fishing. It's a great place to even jog or walk your dog! I wish it was closer to where I live, but I will definitely be back.
5	Definitely a good place to walk your dog or go for a little jog. They have a whole bunch of different trails and little benched areas you can sit and just watch the sunset. I love how they have doggy bags throughout the trail and little bathroom stops on the way. A lot of people I see here are taking pictures and others are biking or with their dogs. It's a pretty nice area to just go for a leisurely walk. The only downside to this area is that there is a lot of flies and mosquitoes in the area. Beside that a fun place to walk around
5	Went for my first time! It's great, much larger than I thought. There was a wonderful breeze and the flowers in bloom, lots of little  rabbits among other animal friends. Great for taking nature pictures!
5	Great place to take family. My kids love this place. So many different paths to go on. So much to do and see. Very relaxing and educational.  Never the same usually there is something different every time we go.
5	Great Park!! so much to do and see, plan on being here for a few hours!! They even have an Observatory that opens fri-sat. nights (weather permitting). I thought about wrestling one of the geese that we saw, until one of the "park rangers" advised against it??!!! damn killjoys!! =/
5	I came in town for work and was looking for a place to run. When I got there, u thought it was a small park around a lake. It was nice and relaxing to walk around. You can see a lot of small animals and birds.If you go further deep into the park, it is actually Michael bigger than it seems. A lot of separate paths and it actually lead to the canal that people bike or run along.I will definitely come back again.
5	Lovely.  Just lovely.  We went about a week ago and had a nice walk/jog at the end of a very stressful day.  Just what I needed.  I want to go buy one of those horse properties across the street and have my own little retreat.  Do you think they'd take a check???  Anyway, I couldn't believe the variety of birds and other critters like rabbits, and even a rather large mouse that we saw.  There are plenty of trash cans and bags for people to pick up after their dog, even though some don't.  I self-actualize all over the place when I pick up somebody else's dog bombs and throw them away.  The library is a very nice building too and made me want to check that out in more detail on a future trip.  Beautiful trails with plenty of shade draping over them, and little creeks running by shady areas perfect for sitting and reading or just taking a nap.  This park is a great getaway from the city, in the middle of Gilbert.
4	This is a great little place to visit. I love going for runs outdoors and this place is cool to explore. There's lots of vegetation, wildlife and water! Which is a change of scenery in Arizona. Lots of people were fishing but I wouldn't trust what you catch in those ponds. :/It's a nice place to go for a stroll and explore!
5	I love this park. Huge lake. Playground for the kids. A trail to run or walk. I took my kids today and I gotta say this our "new secret spot"
4	Great place to fish, bike, walk, and just enjoy the outdoors while still being not too far removed from the city. I kinda wished there were more signs to show where we were though... it would have been nice to be able to explore with some direction! Great experience though - we especially loved the rabbits and the ducks!
5	Great place all year round. In the winter the birds are all around, the lakes are full. In the summer there is tons of shade and a great place to walk, run or ride. We walk our dogs in the summer. Lots of viewing areas and you can even camp here. Right of the canal path and the library. On nice days, parking is an issue. If you haven't checked it out, get there today!
5	This place is an oasis in the desert!  If you want a nice natural park to visit in Mesa this is the place for you.  The landscape is incredible with special attention to maintain a natural to the Salt River valley feel.  This place is bursting with wildlife and native plants.  Bring your friends and family since there is plenty of park space to do a picnic or BBQ.  You could also come here for photography and light hiking with the nice trails.  Not all trails are paved though so be sure to have your jogger stroller with the little ones and good shoes on your feet.This has become a local favorite if my family and we come here all the time now.  The best part is that every time you visit will be a little different with the wildlife you see depending on the time of year.
5	We love the riparian. We hike and check out the birds and we ride bikes there. A great place for a fun day.
5	This is what the desert looks like.Migratory birds, bunnies, burrowing owls, sandpipers, avocets, herons, pocket rats, horses and other creatures too. Wildflowers, desert blooming trees. It smells great there too. This is our favorite park, though there are more like it cropping up in S Gilbert and other SE Valley areas. We got married here on the Dino Dig. My sister and I quit the gym from October to March to bike from my house to the park then do a little work out. We meet lots of bird watchers from all over the world. You can see some of their amazing photos on a facebook page for SW birds. Best time for wildlife but also peace and quiet is near dawn and near dusk, in fall, winter and spring.Sure, its good for kids to learn about nature, our water supply and astronomy but parents generally "drop the leash" and make it not so clean. Do NOT go on New Years Day or any holiday. It will be packed with horrible people.
5	I love the preserve! My daughter grew up playing there as a little girl, so great for the little ones. Nice walking trails, and tons of birds to watch. We have seen numerous species, even a flock of feral peach faced love birds. One of the gems of Gilbert.
4	Unexpectedly stumbled upon the Riparian Preserve while driving around Gilbert, and just so happens I had my lil fleabag Miley with me, so thought we'd stop by & check it out.  As we followed the paths, we passed a bee garden, a hummingbird garden, as well as a butterfly garden. We enjoyed the shaded bench areas where you can rest & admire the stream, the views of the water. Very relaxing and perfect for a walk, or jog, or family time.  Was not super crowded, plenty of room to walk around and explore.  I even found a couple turtles laying around. Going to come back to check the observatory, and to do a little fishing.Tip -please pickup after your pets
5	Great place to take your family or just go by yourself and relax.   The place doesn't seem big but is huge
5	The Preserve is one of my favorite places to go. I love to photograph the wildlife and walk the trails.
5	I'm not sure how I found this place, but I'm glad I did! It is beautiful and quiet. It's the perfect place to take a walk on a cool afternoon. It's also a great place to take family, engagement, graduation photos.
3	Great place to walk or jog but I have serious doubts about how many fish are actually in the lake. I rarely see anyone catching anything, even right after they stock the lake. We've only ever caught one.
5	Birding and dog walking paradise! Whenever we visit from Seattle, we have to go here at least twice. Not only are there tons of birds, you'll also see a plethora of pikas and bunnies. This place makes me so happy.
