5	Everything about this place is amazing!! From the service to the hookah to the watermelon hookah! Definitely an amazing place to hang out at!
5	Best hookah lounge in Las Vegas! Prices you can't beat, staff and owners are amazing! Wide selection of flavors! Movie night with all you can eat popcorn and all you can smoke hookah!? Can't beat it!!!
5	Been there twice and thought the service was above excellent! The hookah pipes are really nice and custom prepared for your liking. The music there is upbeat, the furniture comfortable, and they even have movies after nine with all you can eat popcorn. I have been to other hookah bars, not only are they the most friendly you feel as comfortable as home. I was with a friend there last night and had a great time. The owners happened to be there and they couldn't have done enough for us! They a very warm and friendly as if, they are entertaining you in their home! Very impressive!!!
5	Best hookah lounge in Vegas. You can actually taste the flavors. Clean hookahs everyday. Great prices. And the ice tip is the best. I honestly love this place. I recommend this place to everyone.
4	Came here on a Tuesday, so I wasn't expecting too much. We ordered a pineapple bowl with an ice tip, and it was rather pricy but it was super smooth! I wish someone had told me we could switch the LED lights, especially for new coals/refills... and the air was on too high, so we could barley blow smoke :( Also, the music was basically the radio's hit list, which made it hard for me to want to stick around. I'll be back on a weekend to really check this place out!
5	I drive all the way from Henderson just to smoke a bowl at Karma, because it's worth it! This review is going to be super long, just because I want to make known of the hookah, environment, & customer service, hopefully this will help review the venue.The hookah here is hands down one of the best I've tasted. I've had my experiences with other places and Karma makes flavors that you can actually taste. (My favorite would be the "watermelon chill") . They also offer add ons such as; ice tips, fruit bowls( which is hard to find in Vegas) , ice bucket, and  ALL YOU CAN SMOKE for 15$!   Most hookah lounges either have really loud dance music, or they're really boring place to smoke. Karma, had reasonable music level , which is good so groups can mingle without having to scream. They also show movies or shows on their projection screen. The couches and tables seem to be very clean and comfy. The people who work their have really good customer service! They are always attentive to your needs. One cool thing is when you need they're attention, you put your table to the red light. Most of the hookah masters are the owners of Karma, so they would know which is a good flavor for their guests. This place is overall a good place to come hang out with friends, grab some finger foods and smoke a good bowl!
4	really good happy hour prices. went in on a sunday night and only one person was working but he was awesome! I can't spell his name but I know what his name is lol he went beyond to make sure we were accommodated and pleased with our hookah. I would definitely come back during happy hour and stay longer!
5	This place is by far the best hookah lounge in Las Vegas. Immediately walking in you are greeted by friendly staff who helps with recommendations. The flavors are great and all you can smoke for $15.
5	Only been once, but loved it!  All you can smoke, great flavors, the service was fantastic and the food was pretty decent too.  I can't wait to come back!
5	After Jokers closed down, this is my new favorite spot. Only annoying thing is not everyone listens to that shitty music. Try playing metal for once.
5	One of my favorite places to go smoke Hookah!The staff is attentive and willing to answer any questions that novices to experts have on their flavors.  They have recently started serving food which is a bonus since I usually come here after work!  Flavors selection is extensive and they have other options for the hookah (iced tips, ice buckets for the hookah itself, etc) to enhance the flavor you have chosen. Their happy hour deals are also amazing not to mention it is all you can smoke for one price and not per flavor/bowl.Ambiance, music, and seating are also comfortable and relaxing!
2	Hookahs are great - they are smooth and hit well for the most part however i don't think the hoses are cleaned good enough as traces of mint from previous sessions are still very noticeable ... Mint is a strong flavor and should have its own hoses so the trace amounts of flavor don't effect other none mint flavors.Fruit bowls are great, this is the only spot I know of that has this sort of set up they hollow out a pineapple for example and put the tobacco in there wrap it up and place coals on top the juices actually infuse creating a great amount of flavor ... Price is 12.00 extra so for two people to smoke after 7pm is 15.00 each limit one hookah per two people so for two people smoking and a pineapple bowl your at $42.00 a bit on the pricey side especially since you cant change the flavor in the fruit bowl (plus don't think you'd want to as the tobacco is infused w pineapple juice)*Service however subpar upon checking out they don't tell you that the gratuity is already included on the bill so when you're giving them payment be careful not to include an additional tip especially with poor service like we just had tonight ... I know most high end places charge an automatic amount for gratuity but this isn't a high end spot. Its a local lounge for 18+ to go and hangout, additional some places charge a gratuity on large parties 6+ however everyone is charge gratuity automatically doesn't matter if service is excellent or poor. I am sure the owner does this as younger people don't normally tip accordingly, but it is distasteful especially when they don't show you your bill before swiping your card and having you sign there square reader app. You'll see your charges only if your bill is sent to your email address.We've been there twice the first time it was good, we dealt directly with the owner he informed us of how the place was operated and about the menu how the led changing table works to get attention, however the second time it could have been better, when we walked in there was no greeting from the larger individual who was working, he moved rather slow ... Literally I have seen mollusk move quicker. He has the attitude of not wanting to be there which just made the experience horrible as the service already was horrible walking through the door. He was later relieved by a younger kid who actually did greet us and was pretty much there doing his job. He packed our fruit bowl rather tight with the hookah tobacco which caused the hookah experience to become poor as it wasn't hitting properly and became harsh quickly. If your getting a fruit bowl - have David the owner make it for you.Additionally the atmosphere is OK more modern compared to other hookah lounges, music is hit or miss we've gone on Saturday nights only, the first Saturday they were playing some rock and rap, normally the stuff you'd hear on the radio so it was cool, second time it was like you were at EDC they played house music (not live) but it was just drums and tons of bass. Additionally the projectors they have on the wall are to small in size they floated out the wall smooth and have a flat sheen to the wall so the reflection of the project is not to bright, but the size is to small they have additional room to move both projectors back creating a larger screen... Granted the quality of the picture may become poor, but if that's the case opt for better projectors. *Restrooms need to be maintain better, we have been there for 3-4 hours each time and I didn't notice anyone maintain the restrooms once, urine on the toilet seat and ground ... You have an establishment the carters directly with older teens (at least both times we've gone no one looked 21+ ... This will be discussed next.) Granted those teens are old enough to use a toilet, but not everyone knows how to shoot straight and most aren't going to pick up after themselves, this is a health code violation and major health risk and needs to be addressed by your staff by making sure the restrooms are cleaned and stocked appropriately hourly.Both occasions we attended no one seemed to be over the age of 21, this is a spot for younger people to attend with friends and hangout. Personally I'll be resorting to another establishment, where the crowd is a little bit older and where alcohol is served if I'm in the mood to drink while socializing around a hookah.Ending this long drawn out review the owner David is very friendly and knowledgeable about his services, just a few things need to be addressed and I feel with this review he might address the issues accordingly.The major thing that needs address is the friendliness of staff, restroom maintenance, and the Gratuity Issue - if the service is poor I'll tip accordingly if the service is excellent I'll tip even better. The fact that its charged and not shown to me prior to signing and opting for an additional tip amount is unethical. The customer should be shown their bill prior to making a payment.
1	DO NOT GIVE BUSINESS TO THIS PLACE. I was charged for the hookah bowls that THE EMPLOYEE was smoking! He allowed us to try his "ice attatchment" and ended up charging me 40$ for both of his bowls. This place is a scam and I hope they go out of business.
5	Not only is this the best hookah lounge in Las Vegas, it has the best staff. They Remember everyone and are easy to relate to and get along with. Most lounges use insta lights and crappy flavored but Karmas the complete opposite filled with comfy couches and LED lit tables. Want something to do and you're on the north side / centennial hills, Karma hookah lounge is the place to be!!!
5	The place is awesome! Hookah is great, service is great, and the vibe is perfect. Gotta love this place. But morbid all the prices and deals are crazy good.
1	Then you guys call me liars. Great way to handle yourselves professionally, I bought 2 drinks and some cheese sticks which I PAID FOR. the inexperienced "emoloyees" are your real problem. You OFFER me a hit of your ice bowl gimmick  then try and make me pay for it. What a joke.
5	This place is the perfect for Sunday night football. And the new hookah they just got are amazing.
5	I have been coming here on the regular for quite some time now. Chris is the best hookah masters and makes a point to get to know all customers. The ice tip is Phenomenal!
5	Karma Hookah Lounge, is by far my favorite hookah lounge I have ever been to! It is truly a whole different take on your typical hookah lounge. They have the friendliest staff, and I've never had to wait for service while there. Every different flavor of bowl I order tastes exactly what I would imagine it to taste like and better! The other best part of Karma is the location! There is not much night life in that area so it's so nice to have a place like Karma where you can go and smoke hookah with friends, listen to music, get your grub on, and have a great time! Not to mention while looking out of their floor to ceiling windows at the beautiful Las Vegas Strip! Karma Hookah lounge supersedes all others in every facet! Do yourself a favor and GO!
