3	Went here a bit late in the day on a Sunday, and was disappointed that they had run out of a lot of the empanadas that I had wanted to try. The hot sauce was a highlight (lots of corriander). Good price, though I wasn't blown away. The ones I took home heated up reasonably well the next day for a second meal.  Will probably try again another time, but next time earlier in the day.
3	Tasty hearty basics from an unlikely grey corner tucked one block away from the park. The dough is a little heavy but warm and flavourful especially if you can come early in the day - in general I think they close around 4pm. The homemade hot sauce is delicious. A hot box of 6 of the traditional Chilenita empanadas with the ground beef and boiled egg makes for excellent Mount Royal meandering and picnicking food. Throw in a flask and a fall day and you've got a little piece of Plateau heaven.
3	Great selection of empanadas. I'd recommend La Champetre if you like meat, or the Spinach one if you're a vegetarian.They also have a relatively diverse menu of Mexican fair and sandwiches. The burritos are massive and probably the best value on the menu, but the tacos are pretty good, as well.They also have this hot sauce you have to ask for specifically. It's some kind of oil-based green salsa. They make it on site and it needs at least 3 days to blend (from what I'm told), and it's the TASTIEST HOT SAUCE I've found yet in Montreal.Because it's made fresh, it varies in intensity, but it tends to range from very-hot to nuclear inferno. But no matter how hot the batch, you can still always taste all the different flavors in it.If you're into hot sauces, I'd go there just to try it.
5	EPIC. The chicken Quesedilla is out of this world. Very generous portions, food is succulent, ingredients are always fresh, delicious and of excellent quality, employees are always  friendly and welcoming, their homemade hot sauce is perfect... yadda yadda yadda ( I could go one and on and on)I've been going there for over 8 years and I'm always satisfied. (If only they had one on Vancouver) AND... Everytime I introduce someone to this place they only want to eat there the whole time we're in Montreal (with a mountain for restaurants to check out, that sais plenty about the place)Whole in the wall, strange location, looks like nothing but "never judge a book by its cover" case in point.Never tried the empanadas though, so can't review those.Enjoy!!
4	a little gem tucked away from the busy and touristy mont-royal avenue that offers latin american dishes from the ever popular tacos, quesadillas to empanadas and sandwiches.the place is tiny, seats about 20-25 when busy. i quite enjoy their vegetarian empanadas (spinach and mushroom) as well as their chilean hotdog but there's one dish i always get and that's the barros luco, a beef sandwich with cheese. combine with their hot sauce and i'm a happy diner. they have a non cheese version in the churrascoand on a hot summer day, you can quench yourself with one of their tropical juice mix. the splash and pina colada are 2 favoritesi have to say, this place doesn't serve alcohol and during winter, the tropical mixes are not availableif you are dining in, always ask for their hot sauce which is not spicy at all but it does bring an extra depth of flavorthey do close early depending on clientele/weather. makes it hard when you have a late afternoon craving during a snowstorm
4	Empanadas and chimichangas, queso fresco and Chilean spices. A delicious (and affordable) lunch for two, with a flavor authentic enough to trick you into thinking that the rain pouring down is the steamy mid-day shower of a Santiago winter, unlike the sleety Montrealais reality.
