4	I am truly a fan.  Whenever I am in town I go to this nail salon in a small strip mall in Aliante or North Las Vegas. This nail salon also caters to waxing, eyebrows, and facials as well as specializing in nails.  They are very clean.  The shop is open and decorated with bright caribbeanesque yellow and orange with matching island scenery and a plasma screen tv.   Walking in the shop I can tell its organized with labeled containers, rooms, and how the stations are set.I received a deluxe spa pedicure and got in with the acrylic/gel nails with duo tone glitter tips.  I know I'm doing too much but I hardly get acrylics like I used to so I did I'm in Vegas?  I've seen them sanitizing and disinfecting between clients especially when I'm sitting in the pedicure chair waiting.  Usually that should be the normal but it amazes me how some nails salons do not practice cleaning right after because their busy but Red Persimmons are about customer service and the safety of  the client, which is common sense.  I did not notice any of their licenses except in the front thats why I only gave them a four, but maybe also because I wasn't looking around hard but I shouldn't have to.  I would totally recommend them if you are in the area, (15-20 minutes off the strip).
1	This place is a total DUMP.  I'm from San Diego and I get my feet and nails done all the time in a quality salon.  The place was right across the street from my hotel and they recommended it.  WHATEVER Element by Westin!  I was here for a bachelorette party/bridal shower and I wanted a quick mani/pedi because I didn't have time right before I left - bummer for me.  No one was in the shop at all except for the owner, which I couldn't understand at all.  I go to Vietnamese shops all the time at home and I have no problems.  This lady was 55+ and had a very low cut dress/short dress and I didn't want to see her saggy fake boobs, nor her orange underwear and muff.  UGH Disgusting.  I had to tell her over and over how to FILE SQUARE!.  My toes are now ROUNDED.  The polish on the toes was sloppy and was apparently day glo stripper color because in a black light, they glow - WTF???  The pedi came with barely any massage and my hands came out exactly the same, the cuticles were still a mess and to add insult to injury, that night before I was going out, the clear polish she put on came off in a "sheet".  It didn't chip, just peeled right off.  When I got home I used Sally Hansen's clear and it's STILL ON NOW - 1 week later!  I originally asked her to buff them with the cream and the chamoise and she didn't have those - hello??? What salon doesn't have them?  Wow - last time I was in Vegas, I went to one of the salons in the hotel and I was much happier and the price was only about 15-20 more.  You get what you pay for, that's for sure.
4	I followed my nail guy Eric here so this is a review for him. I love Eric. He is very talented at what I need: an amazing backfill! He has an eye for perfection, but if you ask him to fix something he is happy to accommodate your request. His snappy sense of humor makes him good conversation and he is the only person in Vegas that has made me smile after a visit to the nail salon.
5	I love this place!!! I am picky about who does my nails. I have been back seven or so times and it is worth driving across town for. The polishes are OPI and there are a ton of choices. Love it !
1	I went to this place 3 times for gel manicure and pedicure with nail art.  I also had an eyebrow wax, lip and underarm wax which were just OK at best so I didn't get waxing done again.  The first two times were pleasant enough that I kept coming back.  I even brought a friend for manicure and pedicure the 2nd time I was there.However, the 3rd time was weird.  They never did a thorough job cleaning anything.  They would rub lotion on your skin while there's still debris from them filing your nails down, the UV machines were sticky when you put your hands in them to dry gel polish (which they never apologized for), substantial cuticles are left behind, etc.Even with those quirks, I went back because my nail tech was very nice.  The manager, a very serious and cranky looking hairy Asian man, literally gave me the creeps the last time I was there.There were 2 or 3 other customers while I was there.  He came out of some back room looking very sleepy, walks straight up to the station I was at with my nail tech and just stares without saying a word.  That went on for about 3 minutes until I couldn't take it anymore and said jokingly, "Are you learning how to do nails from her (referring to the tech working on myself)?".  He grumpily said "no", kept staring for another 3-4 minutes then walked away when his cellphone went off.  Weird and uncomfortable.What topped it off was he said something in their language to my nail tech while I was paying and I was charged $5 more than the last times I was there for the same service (gel manicure, nail art and pedicure).I've always been a very generous tipper and that just irked me that they would do that to me when I was giving them business! I'm never going back even though it's in a very convenient location and do NOT recommend this place.
3	You get what you pay for. It is a very clean salon and the staff is friendly. 50 percent of the time I get a rocking pedicure the other 50 percent I do not. Honestly what do you want for 20 bucks though? It gets an ok review from me because it is just that OK.
1	I got my nails done by the man, he never gave me his name. He was very rude. He kept getting up and he went next door to get coffee in the middle of my full set. He would go in the back and talk to other staff during my appointment he didn't talk and he was very rough on my hands. I've had acrylic nails for 5 years and I just needed a new set and it hurt more then it should have. Right after I got my set on it looks like I need a fill already. Other then him being rude the pain and the bad acrylic line by my cuticle the set it mostly straight and the paint job is ok.
1	I first came here to get pedicures with my sister in law & they did a great job! However, my sister had gotten gel nails and did not like the service.. the nail tech she had rushed on her gel manicure once she saw more people coming in, the job was very sloppy & no wonder the gel did not even last 3 days.. I had some experience with gel from this salon as well.. One day i decided to come in because it is very close to my work & there was no wait. I simply wanted a gel manicure with an accent nail and some rhinestones. I showed a lady a picture of what i wanted, she had a hard time with the rhinestones! I could understand if it was a nail design but just placing rhinestones?! Before i put my hand under the uv light & started the rhinestones on my other hand i honestly told her i did not like the rhinestones and if she could please take them off, i didn't want them anymore.. She rolled her eyes at me! When she did that i automatically did not want my nails done anymore but i continued on..Way to make the customer feel uncomfortable. It was very rude! By far my worst nail experience.. When i left i noticed i had a dry spot of gel on the tip of my finger & of course 5 days later my whole gel nail on my index finger came off without no problem did not even notice that it came off until i looked at my hands, no left over gel at all!
3	After my stint in the hospital, mama needed a little TLC. My mom got me up early on a Saturday, treated me to coffee at the little place next door, and we got our pedicure on. My legs and toes were lookin' all sorts of ratchet, raunchy, and gnarly. The ladies (my gal was named Jana) who took care of my mom and me were professionals. They made our feet and legs feel like a million bucks.For $25 (a regular pedi is only $20) we got world class pedicures and a hot stone massage on our legs! It was super sweet treat. Made me feel like a lady for the first time in forever.This is a no frills shop. Walk-ins welcome, although reservations are encouraged. The shop was clean, all clips and files and whatnot were from sterile wrappings. This isn't the place you come to get those designer claw-like decorated nails. This is a shop to come to, grab a dirt mag (or some girlfriends) and get your nails done and hair removed. Fairly priced, plenty of seating, waxing services, offering airbrush, traditional polish, and gels. Red Persimmon hits the nail on the head! PROTIP: Bring cash to tip your manicurist/waxer/pedi-master. They can't accept it via credit card add on. PROTIP2: Sign up for the rewards program! Earn a point for every dollar spent. Every $1 = 1 pt. 200 points = $10 off any service. All you have to do is remember your number!
5	Today was my second time coming here to get my nails done, got a fill and a pedicure, excellent service on both, everyone who helped me both times really pays attention to detail, the hot stone message is amazing with your pedicure! Definitely recommend them!
1	Horrible customer service. Asked if there was a wait, they stated ""No, we can take you now." Was seated to soak and I waited 15 min. They took another customer before me and I asked again at this point how long was the wait. They stated 10 more min. Was more upset that they lied about taking me right away and still didn't apologize for having me wait. Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone!
5	The walk in service is really nice. They have a good selection of gel and regular polish. The staff is very nice and accommodating. I had a facial done here once and it was better then I expected my skin felt soft. The prices are fairly normal for a Vegas nail salon. It's very clean here. The staff is personable and friendly. If you give your phone number with each service added up you can receive an annual discount.
