5	I was lucky enough to have Flowers By Jodi put together the floral for my wedding last weekend. She did an amazing job. Jodi is a character, just hilarious. She heard exactly what I want, and nailed it. Her prices were fair as well.
5	Jodi is amazing. My bouquet was everything that I wanted, and more, and my bridesmaids were awesome too. In addition to bouquets and boutonnieres, she made seat placements for my mom, grandma, my husbands grandma, grandpa and ta ta as they were ill or had passed away and were, obviously, unable to attend our wedding. It was a very kind suggestion. My centerpieces were massive and were heavenly.I can't express my gratitude enough for the beautiful flowers!!
5	I LOVE Flowers by Jodi! She did SUCH an amazing job on my wedding last year and I have recommended her to many of my friends since! Her flowers were so so fresh, her staff-so sweet, and she is just a joy to work with! It is truly refreshing to find someone who loves their job as much as Jodi does! Thanks, Jodi for a great job!
5	Jodi is amaze-balls!  Such a hard worker, and totally fun to work with.  She worked within by budget and didn't try to pull anything shady cost wise.  (I had been burned at a previous consultation with another florist when I told the girl my vision and budget and she sent me a quote for double what I could afford... ugh.)  But not Jodi.  She does gorgeous work and is extremely talented.  Search no further brides, Jodi is your gal!
5	I'm pretty sure I'll never see bouquets as pretty as the ones that Jodi put together for us.  If you go to her website, my bouquet is on page 5 of the "bouquet gallery".  Right in the middle, yellow gerber daisies and purple something or other.  That photo does not do the arrangement justice, it was gorgeous.  The bridesmaids' bouquets were just as awesome and the altar arrangements (which ended up on our head table) were, too.  I'm pretty sure I got cheap flowers, too, nothing fancy, just whatever was in season in the color families I wanted.  I don't remember a whole lot about the preparation and I'm sure there were things that I would have complained about at the time, but I have been to a handful of weddings in the past couple years and none of the flowers have come close (take that with a grain of salt, it was my wedding day after all).
2	Does good designing, but her customer service needs work. First I am the mother of the groom and when I went in to place my order, I had told her that I was arranging the entire wedding, I was placing the order and I was paying for the order. So I was surprised when she called my phone, she asked for my daughter in law. No biggie, I sent in a $200 deposit and all was great. Until my daughter in law was diagnosed with cancer and sent all the plans up in smoke. I contacted them to see if I could change the order to just the bouquet and boutonniere. I had a not so sympathetic girl tell me to have the bride call them closer to the wedding date. I was floored. A) I just told you she had cancer B) I placed the order and am paying the bill. My DIL didn't even know what I ordered, it was a surprise. I got a call yesterday by a sugary sweet woman asking if we still needed the order. I told her that my kids got married by the justice of the peace a month ago, because she was sick with cancer and they wanted to be married in case she didn't make it. The response was "I'm so sorry, she'll be in my prayers"
5	Jodi and her staff were great. She was able to deal with the constant changes that we were making to our order with ease. Her prices were about half of what we were getting quoted at other places. The only thing that was a little different during our consultation with Jodi than with other flower shops was that the building of the bouquets and centerpieces were not as detailed as with other shops. We left much of the building of the flowers to her expertise. This turned out OK as all the flowers pieces turned out beautiful. The roses that were placed on our wedding cake made it look amazing beyond words. Would definitely be recommending Jodi to others.
5	Flowers by Jodi did all of the flowers for my ceremony and reception and they were spectacular. She worked with me and was very open-minded when I changed my mind or added arrangements. All of the arrangements were beautiful and still are 3 days after the event. She was very professional and always available via e-mail when I had questions. I definitely recommend these amazing flowers and the exceptionally talented Jodi.
1	I spent a lot of money on my flowers for my wedding day and the day of my wedding when the flowers arrived they looked horrible. They were dried and dead and the boutonnieres for the groomsben were dead by the time the cereomy was over. I WOULD NOT reocmmend using flowers by Jodi. You will waste a lot of money. HORRIBLE!!!!
5	Flowers by Jodi was the best experience we had out of all our vendors!  Everything was very easy and streamlined from my point of view and my flowers turned out Amazing!.  I couldn't have ask for a better experience and I was so happy to have Jodi and her team be a part of my big day!  We found Jodi after meeting with three other florists and having a three terrible experiences.  Jodi was completely different (in a very good way) than anyone we had talked to.  I called and let a message which Jodi for an initial consultation.  She returned my call herself within a timely manner and we set up an appointment that was convenient for me.I was very impressed upon meeting Jodi.  She has a great personality which immediately puts you at ease and puts a smile on your face.  She is so excited about life and what she does that you can't help but get really excited about your wedding flowers too.  Jodi only does wedding flowers so she really knows her stuff!  One of the most important things to note is that Jodi really listened to my vision and my ideas for my wedding flowers.  The initial consultation took about an hour as I had lots of ideas, but Jodi was very patient and always made me feel comfortable.  I felt like she really understood my ideas and I felt good about the meeting when I left.Jodi sent a quote via mail and email just a couple of days later.  All the paperwork and emails were very professional and easy to understand which I really appreciated.  I contracted with Jodi for a minimal deposit which I also appreciated because it can be quite unnerving paying out a large sum of money for services that wont happen for quite some time.  Jodi understands this and her deposit amount to hold the date was very reasonable.The date of our wedding was over a year away and my vision evolved during this time.  Jodi was absolutely amazing to work with.  She was always happy to meet with me and make any and all changes that I desired.  She returned phone calls and emails promptly and really made my life easier which is wonderful when planning such a large event as mine.  Payment was also very easy.  A final invoice was sent once my date was close and Jodi happily accepted credit cards (I say this because for some reason a lot of our other vendors would only accept cash or check.)  My final invoice was clear and exactly what I expected with no surprises or hidden charges.The day of the wedding came and Jodi and her team were amazing!  First the bridal party flowers were stunning.  Jodi did a great job of creating modern arrangements using gorgeous white Calla Lilly's.  I was so very pleased with my bouquet!  The flowers were more beautiful than I could ever imagine.  Second, the flowers for the reception were spectacular.  Jodi created close to 100 arrangements using absolutely brilliant giant dark blue hydrangeas!  We had so many compliments on our reception flowers.  Our guest were in awe!We will definitely be recommending Flowers by Jodi to everyone we know who are tying the knot!
5	We were so lucky to have found Jodi. Our wedding was something different: a Scottish Wedding. I had looked at a UK floral magazine to show to Jodi. One requirement was thistle for the best man, for good luck. She not only knew what I was talking about, she was able to get all kinds of flowers that aren't readily available. I was so amazed! Our colors were blue and clover green and she tied the two into my bouquet (and the rest of the bridal party) beautifully. I was very VERY picky about the flowers, making sure they were fresh, durable bouquets, even the floral spray bouquets for the mothers were perfect. I still have my bouquet, almost two years later it is still perfectly bound and is on our mantle. She worked within our budget and even came up with some ideas that I had never considered! I work at a custom bakery where we do weddings all the time and I always mention Jodi!!! She is so personable, and treats her brides with excitement. Jodi loves her job and it shows. I can't imagine someone having a poor experience!
5	I love the flower arrangements I get from Flowers by Jodi. I like unique, beautiful, yet not too costly arrangements for my office, and I always get great service and suggestions from them. My unique arrangements last me far longer than those I used to order at the previous florist I utilized. I always get treated very friendly, yet professionally and my arrangements are always delivered on time. I highly recommend them to everyone.
5	Jodi was great in helping us to get a superior look for our wedding while working with us to keep the price from being outlandish!We met with 4 floral vendors total and Jodi stood out from the rest in everyway.  The other vendors were at least 30% over our rather large budget and didn't seem interested in working with us to find the right solutions.  Jodi was patient, consultative, and worked with us to give us what we wanted at the price we needed. However, Jodi's experience is equally as high end as any of the vendors with which we met.From my viewpoint, Jodi provides a luxury experience while also making sure to work with your budget... recommended on all fronts!
