3	May have already gotten to the age when items in Spencers seem cool to me (which is a big bummer).  I went in here the other day just looking for a clever t-shirt and what I found was a bit shocking.  Yes, maybe cool and funny to a, say, 13 year old... but I was borderline offended by some of the stuff.To each his/her own I guess.  If I ever need black-lights/strobes or a good "gag" gift, this is definitely the place to go.I don't know if it was just me, but their little "sex" corner has gown into a couple of aisles since I remember from my high school days.  Not that I'm a prude or anything like that (well, maybe not by choice ;) )  but you gotta have some major cajones to wear some of the t-shirts that scream, "look at me and question my intelligence level please!"
3	I've outgrown Spencer's. I'd been a Spencer's semi regular for about 15 years but I'd not set foot in one since I was maybe 30 or so. I went in the other day and realized that it's the same exact shit (maybe a little more sex toys and lingerie than I remember) that I once thought to be the cutting edge of individuality and rebellion... yes, without realizing the freakin' irony!If you're 25 or under you might like the pop culture roundhouse kick to the face you'll receive the second you walk in. Retro-cool, Ironic-cool, Kid-cool, Jap-cool, big-ass gauges, intricate (yet cheap) gothic/punk jewerly, black lights, stonerwear (oh, if only Marley were alive to see what we've done with his image/ideals), strobe lights, outdated Emo shit, Kiss shot glasses, etc is your order of the day.The employees are mostly kids old enough to have their eyebrows and noses pierces (and ears gauged) but not get any actual tattoos who are, for the most part, actually pleasant and helpful. All in all, it's the same.
3	There's plenty of gag gifts and oddities.  Spencers is aimed at the junior high kids and college freshmen gearing up for their spring break drunkapalooza at Myrtle Beach.There's some fun toys, alcohol accessories, posters, hats, shirts, and blah blah blah.If your kids are young...and they can read...I wouldn't bring them in here.
