4	Organic, locally grown, no chemicals or hormones!! This place is really good!  My wife got the French Toast and More and I got the Biscuits an Gravy. You can tell everything is made fresh with high quality ingredients and food.  Definitely one of the best places to eat in Anthem AZ!  This place is on a completely different level then almost all the other restaurants in Anthem.  The owner seemed really nice and the service was great. If you have good taste and like "Real" food you definitely need to eat here.
4	After another jaunt to the VA Clinic in Anthem, my family and I were looking for a good breakfast place (fasting is NEVER fun).What to do? I know...TO THE YELP-MOBILE!!!Two Brothers Kitchen is a relatively new breakfast place located in Anthem. Not only are they a local place, but their food is all organic. On the front of their menu, they go into great detail regarding their amazing commitment to keeping things local. By using local farms and farmers, their products are guaranteed to be organic and free of pesticides and hormones http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bWL0n4QeuEp6Xcp982_DjQ?select=__cpXR4vzhOelRsATPJ2FQ#0he5E49qulNdbMbGBVdDVA.When they say they're organic, they're really not kidding. EVERYTHING on their menu rings true to their theme. I, having not yet looked at the menu, made the mistake of asking for a Diet Coke. They informed me that they had a soda by the name of "Virgil's" http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bWL0n4QeuEp6Xcp982_DjQ?select=__cpXR4vzhOelRsATPJ2FQ#JxEO9nBNy9Y946IIlyBfEg. I was not familiar with the name up to this point. Personally, I wasn't a HUGE fan of the organic soda, though I certainly appreciate their authenticity http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bWL0n4QeuEp6Xcp982_DjQ?select=__cpXR4vzhOelRsATPJ2FQ#xAoBloigtZxBz3aPu3UsFA.Turns out, the soda was the only real drawback to the meal, in my opinion. The meals we each ordered were delicious. Granted, being organic and local, they were slightly more expensive than you'd see at a chain restaurant. But, with that increased price came INCREDIBLE portions!As an example, my wife ordered whole grain banana pancakes as a side to her actual meal. In hindsight, this was a delicious mistake. The pancakes were as big as frisbees! I know the picture doesn't do them justice as there's no real point of comparison, but trust me...they're gargantuan. As a matter of fact, I've been secretly munching on the leftovers from these pancakes throughout this review!My daughter ordered off of their kids' menu http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bWL0n4QeuEp6Xcp982_DjQ?select=__cpXR4vzhOelRsATPJ2FQ#Qit_9pbgCgKZaWVo6q6AwA. Again, the portions here were completely unnecessary...yet, strangely necessary. Of course, my daughter couldn't finish the entire thing, though she did enjoy every bite she took http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bWL0n4QeuEp6Xcp982_DjQ?select=__cpXR4vzhOelRsATPJ2FQ#TUpSycUhVw5TDayaGjlyTw.I ordered an impeccable meat lovers egg white omelet http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bWL0n4QeuEp6Xcp982_DjQ?select=__cpXR4vzhOelRsATPJ2FQ#8trL7ieYYbvO1SxxesO2bQ. The only downside to this particular order was that it cost an extra $1.00 for egg whites only. Other than that, this was one of the best omelets I've ever eaten.To anybody in or around Anthem, this should absolutely be on your list of breakfast places to visit! Remember...shop local! Two Brothers Kitchen does...this is your opportunity to do the same!
4	I am big fan of eggs benedict. I enjoyed the sausage egg benedict very much. I have also had the south west skillet which was delicious to understate it.
5	GREAT FOOD!  GREAT STAFF!  Organic, high quality, great tasting food is hard to find in a restaurant and it is reasonably priced.  They are family and business friendly (free WiFi).  We will continue to enjoy this wonderful restaurant.
5	you will not be disappointed. plenty of choices, tasty food, good $$$.
4	We love their food. Even my husband who doesn't buy into the whole organic/free range thing says their eggs are the best he ever tasted.  The only reason I had to take off a star is because they dint have a caffeinated soda so my husband would rather head down to a place that does...if they ever add one in, we would be there every week for our Sunday brunch.
5	Food was great! Excellent service! With all these restaurants closing down I hope this one survives. I will definitely return.
5	Outstanding meal and great service
5	So happy to have this restaurant in Anthem!  Not only is the food excellent, but the fact that is organic, hormone, chemical and pesticide free is truly great.  It is hard to find restaurants that are committed to good health!
3	There were a couple of highlights here but nothing really amazing.  The country potatoes are delicious.  My grilled chicken sandwich was tasty enough but it was nothing special.  My husband enjoyed his huevos rancheros but was really displeased with the salsa.  He said it tasted like canned tomatoes.  The emphasis seems to be on breakfast so perhaps we would return again to try it.
4	So we have lived in Anthem for awhile now and are so bored of the few restaurants that are here. We are so excited about Two Brothers, not only because the food is organic (so needed) but so far they have great service. We have now made this place part of our weekly dining. I would like to see the menu grow to provide more options.
5	Very good! We stopped on our way home to New Mexico. The service was great and the food was awesome! The French toast was to die for. Everything is very natural, so that makes it even better!
5	So pleased that Two Brothers Kitchen chose Anthem to open their restaurant.  A cut above in h-e-a-l-t-h-y food and FRIENDLY service in Anthem, and it's just what we needed!  Quality food is important to me and I look forward to trying every tasty morsal on that menu.  Owner's/server's/staff are all very friendly and service oriented.
5	I'm SO glad there's finally a REALLY GOOD place to eat up here! I was very pleasantly surprised to find that they are all organic!! Food was DELICIOUS, fast and nicely sized portions, not only that but everything is Very fairly priced. I highly recommend the vegi eggs bene. I would love to see them start a dinner service. SUPPORT you're local PRIVATE owned businesses! They're BETTER anyways! My only regret is that I waited this long to try it. Even my picky brother was bragging about his omlette, quite a feat I can assure you.
5	Excellent breakfasts (french toast, omelettes and peameal eggs benedict) and the waitresses (McKenzie and Kaeti) are super!!
4	Great spot and fresh food need to add heaters and umbrellas and hot chocolate to the menu. Great patio they need to emphasize it more.
4	Went here for breakfast on our way to Flagstaff. The food was excellent and the service was great even though they were busy. They have a lot of organic and gluten free options as well. Really enjoyed this place and will be back soon.
4	Mmmm bacon pancakes. Good service, reasonable prices. I can't wait to try a skillet dish. Their coffee is delicious too! That's always important!
4	Nice breakfast joint in Anthem. French toast with apple cinnamon puree was delightful. The bread was a bit mushier than normal french toast, but I like mushy foods. The yogurt and granola was good... as well as the skillet with potatoes and chicken. Place is clean and organic, which is a plus.
5	Took my daughter here for breakfast this morning for the first time. The food was amazing!!! I love that their foods are natural and local. The service was great as well. Everyone was so nice and quick service as well (which was a major plus since I only had a hour on my lunch break). I will definitely be coming back here soon!!! May be my new fave breakfast place!!
3	Two Bros is A-OK if your looking for breakfast in Anthem.  They are locally owned and operated.   Service/Location~ 4 stars. they are located in the Safeway shopping center.  This place is very clean and decorated in somewhat of a more modern look.  The service is very good.  Everyone is friendly and eager to help make your dinning experience a good one.  Food~ 2 stars.   we've tried just about everything they make.  It's all ok, not the best breakfast but not bad either.  The flavors do not live up to the look of what you get when it arrives to your table.  Example; scrambled eggs with potatoes, bacon and a side of biscuits and gravy.  The eggs were eggs, nothing special here.  The potatoes tasted like the cubed potatoes you can get about anywhere and their biscuits were very dry and needed to gravy.  Again, it's not bad but if it tasted as good as it looked they would be 5 stars and not 2...This is a solid 3 star place to eat breakfast in the Anthem area.  If you're planning a day at the outlets, this would be a great place to start your day.
5	Fantastic fresh food here! Never disappointed!Two Brothers is a great place to go for breakfast or lunch, and I have never ordered anything that hasn't been completely delicious. From the tropical green iced tea to fresh salads, breakfast skillets and great burgers, Two Brothers is now our favorite Anthem restaurant. The prices are in line with what we'd expect for fresh, mostly organic options, and the service is always friendly. They have also changed up menu items on request, which I really appreciate.Definitely a local business to support!
4	This is a fun little place in Anthem that we chanced upon as we made our way up to Sedona.  They use fresh, organic ingredients in pretty much every meal they offer.  I had the feta burger, which was cooked perfectly and the feta was generously topped onto the burger itself (see pic).  My fiancee had the country omelette, which was tasty as well.The prices were right in line with what you'd expect it to be for the portions.  Our waitress was very nice and gave us plenty of recommendations when we asked for her thoughts.  The place is on the smaller side for a restaurant - but it was nicely decorated and it felt cozy instead of tight fitting.  Overall: A If we are ever in the area again we wouldn't mind hitting this spot up again.
4	Very good food, great service, nice owners and a clean place to eat.
5	I had a client who lived in Anthem invite me here for breakfast and it was impressive. I had the Greek Omelet and had reservations about garlic and feta cheese in/on my eggs. However, it was just a hint of garlic and was delicious! It actually enhanced the flavor of the egg. The feta cheese was so good paired w/ the eggs that I was thrilled to have tried that dish. The owner was so nice and really made sure we got waited on and liked our food. I recommend this place to anyone looking for a great breakfast place!
5	Great breakfast, brunch, lunch place if you're travelling along I-17. (Anthem exit). Organic, local ingredients make for delicious, healthy food. Can't wait to go back!
5	Wow! Really good huevos rancheros skillet, as I'm sure the rest of the menu is. Organic food, if you're into that. Highly recommended!!
4	What a cool local place. The owners seem to be very eco-organic-friendly and have some very thoughtful choices on the menu. Our party tried the french toast, which was simple but perfect. Not soggy, not overcooked, just simply good. The oatmeal is delicious. The coffee was too strong and bitter, and think for breakfast they should serve a milder breakfast blend.I hope this place makes it! The staff is friendly and courteous. The prices are typical breakfast prices. Nice location, clean and modern. Enjoy.
5	I have to try with all my might not to visit Two Brothers more than once a week. I know one of the owners now, and many of their servers by name, and love coming here. My husband and I bring all of our family & friends from out town here, right after showing them how amazing everything else is here in our lovely town. There are not many things I haven't tried on their menu, the only thing I don't like is their chicken sandwich, but probably because it comes on a white hoagie bun and I only like wheat bread. But seriously everything else so dang delicious I have to give 5 stars!
5	Two Brothers is the kind of organic, locally grown ingredients place that I tend to find overpriced and highly overrated by people. But this place really delivered. I would say it is one of the best breakfast places I have eaten at. I ordered the Canadian "peameal" bacon breakfast.  The peameal bacon is more like a slice of ham, the most juicy tasty ham I can remember having. The eggs were full of flavor and the potatoes were a little spicy but excellent.  I think the real surprise was the strawberry jelly which was more like fresh pureed strawberries.  All in all I left full and for less than I expected.
5	Went to this place for lunch one day and it was great. Service was good and quality of food was really nice. I highly recommend this for an unpretentious tasty quick lunch.
4	Food was great, service was good. I had the south by southwest omelette and wife had blueberry pancakes.  Both quite yummy.On the flip side, Coffee was TERRIBLE.Granted, I can be a bit of a coffee-snob, but even my mother-in-law commented on the fact and she has a pretty low threshold.My advice, stop at Starbucks either across the street (or inside the Safeway next door), get your joe and then bring it here. Note to owners, get with your coffee supplier to get some new equipment and or beans.  If you are ONLY a breakfast and lunch spot you should be KNOWN for your coffee.
5	By far the best restaurant in Anthem. Only had breakfast but everything we've had has been great!! Though a bit on the high end you get every penny's worth. Te specials are great especially when they do fancy French toast. Staff is friendly and you get served fairly quickly unless its really busy. But overall not bad at all. Highly recommend.
5	Came here today with my family. 25 min wait but boy was it worth it. I got a cheese burger with fried egg and bacon. Awesome burger!!!!Wifey got the omelet with bacon and sausage Everything here is GOOD. By far the best food money can buy in Anthem.
2	I've eaten at many breakfast restaurants that were much better. Firstly, they do not seem to turn the tables over as quickly as I would imagine they could. We watched several tables sit empty as we waited to be seated and it seemed like they sat empty for a while. Once we were seated we were greeted promptly and the waitress was very friendly. After we placed our order it took a while to get our food. I ordered the Denver omelette and the kids ordered pancakes and a kid's meal. The Denver omelette was watery and had too much ham and vegetables that were not properly folded in to the omelette. This was an omelette where they made the eggs and then just placed the ingredients in the middle. I'm not even sure the vegetables were actually cooked. I was very unimpressed with the omelette and the potatoes were just average at best. Considering the wait to get in I don't believe I will be back anytime soon.
5	Great menu selections.  Hard to choose, everything is so good.  Very friendly service.  Could eat here everyday for weeks, just sorry I was only passing through on the way to Phoenix.  Will stop by again.
5	So yummy and fresh! I always enjoy coming for breakfast or lunch! They take pride in the quality of their service and food.
5	Always a great meal! Everything is fresh, and service is amazing. I had the southwest chicken soup....it's amazing! The Mediterranean Benedict also amazing and don't forget to try the jams they make in house. Coffee is very good too!
5	We walked in and were surprised at how tiny the restaurant was and how many people were standing and waiting in line. We were told it would be a 5 min wait, 5 min came and went and after 15 we almost left and went next door, so happy we didn't!Once we sat down from the time the waitress took our order to the food to our table was maybe 5 min. The food was amazing, honestly some of the best food I've ever had. We ordered a meat lovers omelet with potatoes, a BLT and an order of pancakes. We have had these dozens of other times at other restaurants and had satisfactory meals, but this place is next level good. We will most definitely be returning (as frequently as possible!) and will be more much patient while waiting to be seated knowing what's coming!
5	We went for the first time yesterday and were quite pleased! My mom got the bacon pancakes and I got the mushroom Swiss burger. Both were delicious! I love the fact that they use Angus beef and all natural products! Especially pleased to see the nitrate free hot dogs on the menu for kids. Very rare and makes me feel that much better about bringing my kids here. Look forward to coming back soon.
5	4.6/5 Excellent. Whenever I see Biscuits & Gravy on the menu I order it and these are the best I have ever had. Portion sizes were great, ashamed to say I couldn't finish it all. Highly recommend for breakfast!
5	Great taste healthy foodLove to come againHopefully with different waitressNext time
4	I have had breakfast here at least 15 times and have had a  good meal each visit. I find it hard to pass on "Eggs Benedict" but  the  signature Benedict with "special" pea meal Canadian bacon is always a little disappointing. The flavor is great, but the pieces of meat are usually undersized (about half the size of the English muffin).  My  wife always orders the gluten free blueberry pancakes and they are very good.  This is by far the best choice we have in Anthem for breakfast.
4	Had another great breakfast.  Always great service and food.  I appreciate seeing the same staff when we visit.  They make the best jams for toast and compotes for French toast and pancakes.  Always fresh organic options.  I feel like they use very quality ingredients.
5	Just had a really good breakfast including Canadian omelet with diced tomatoes and the specialty Canadian bacon, followed by their really excellent pancake with bacon bits for "dessert".  My wife loved her Geek Benedict with spinach and feta, then ate part of my pancake ( it was more than I wanted to eat anyway). Good coffee and good service too.
5	My wife and I were pleased to find such a great place.We frequently visit for the most delicious breakfast in Phoenix.  The owners are usually there,  and are very attentive to every customer. The staff is always friendly and professional.  They never make us feel like we are a bother when requesting different things.The meals are absolutely fabulous! Eggs, homemade country potatoes, sourdough bread,and meats,  all of which are natural, and are prepared to perfection.  Their burgers are all grass fed beefand taste great. We highly recommend Two Brothers Kitchen in Anthem. Mike and Jan Larsen
4	Wonderfully fresh, organic ingredients. Hollandaise sauce on eggs Benedict had little too much garlic, same with garlic on Greek omelette,  however minor inconvenience compared to how perfect eggs, both styles, were cooked.  Very difficult to find healthy, wholesome food for breakfast, yet 2 brothers delivers.Service was friendly and prompt. Server was happy to offer suggestions.Serving sizes very generous. Wife and I could have shared 1 dish.Atmosphere low key and pleasant.Not very busy for a Saturday brunch. More people need to discover this gem, however we're enjoying the relative anonymity for now.
5	This restaurant has a very fun vibe w great servers. The owner is almost always here and very friendly. The food is great and never disappoints.  Highly recommend this place for breakfast and lunch.  Our Server Shannon was great.
4	We stopped here on a Saturday while we were waiting for the outlet mall to open.It was full inside. They told us it would be a minute as they just needed to clean a table off. The inside isn't very big and feels a bit congested when you enter due to the register and counter area being just inside the door. We opted to sit on the patio and were taken to a table right away. The menu offers breakfast along with burgers, salads and sandwiches for lunch. Almost everything is served with country potatoes, which I generally don't eat. Or, for an extra $2.25 you could substitute fruit, which I thought was a lot to add cost wise. The 'light starters' consisted of yogurt, fruit or granola. None of which sounded appealing. While none of these things were a huge problem, it turned me off a bit before I even ordered. So, I ended up getting the Basic American with two eggs, country potatoes and wheat toast. Aside from the fact that I couldn't find anything I really wanted, what I did order was cooked and seasoned nicely. I didn't want the potatoes, but I tried them and they were good. The toast was a nice thick slice and came with a side of homemade jam. That was the best part of the meal. The eggs were cooked to order.Our server did a great job. She was very attentive even though we were on the patio.The food is fresh and tasty. Very good service. Not sure why the menu doesn't appeal to me but, overall, this is a good place for breakfast or lunch.
4	Ate a late breakfast/early lunch there last week with my wife.  I had the "Peameal Canadian Bacon" and eggs, she had split pea soup with salad.  Everything was great!!!  Served with excellent home made jellies.  Very busy, but good service anyway.  A great place for breakfast/lunch and arguably the best restaurant in Anthem
5	I haven't been to this place solely because I heard it was just a pricey as the place before it. Now that I have given it a chance the prices are absolutely justified by the service and food! Very welcoming environment, each staff member was more than willing to help. The manager or owner was walking to each table offering assistance, cleaning up when needed, etc. They were busy during lunch but with 3 people running the place they handled everything smoothly. The food was awesome and nice to find something different in Anthem! Will definitely be back. I got the turkey & bacon on pita with a green tea!
4	Delish!!!! Not cheap but consistently good. Wish the interior was a bit more tastefully done.....
3	Stopped in here to eat a late breakfast today. The food was average for what I ordered. I ordered a southwest omlet which contains chorizo, cheese, salsa, green chilli and sour cream. I got the salsa and sour cream on the side. It also came with some diced potatoes  which where very hard and over cooked. The reason for three stars is this was  kind of piled  on a plate and for a $10 breakfast It could of been better prepared and cooked more to order.
5	My husband and daughters in laws tried Two Brothers a few weeks ago for breakfast and what a nice surprise to find this gem in Anthem.  Service was great and the food was awesome.  Two of us had the blueberry pancakes with a side of bacon.  The pancakes were bursting with fresh berries and done just right with some fresh maple syrup.  The bacon was done to perfection.  The guys both had omelets which were huge and bursting with fresh ingredients.   Great sour dough toast.  Will definitely be back.
3	So I am not sure why this place has such good reviews. Don't get me wrong but I expected 4 1/2 stars to be amazing. When I went the service was okau, not great and the food was average. I had a hamburger and my girlfriend had sausage and eggs. The price wasn't bad. This is an average place, I guess because Anthem has limited choices the vote gets skewed.
4	So this is one of very few breakfast places in Anthem, BUT it is really good!  The atmosphere is pleasant, although can get loud if they are crowded.  There is also an outdoor patio.  I love the coffee, it is a dark roast, and is served with real cream!  They also have a nice selection of hot tea.  Everything I have had here has been good.  My two favorite items...gluten free bacon cakes and the burger & the egg (minus the bun).  The pancakes are perfectly fluffy and delicious, add the bacon and I am in heaven!  The burger & the egg is awesome.  The meat is very good and not over seasoned, it is just right.We frequent Two Brothers not just because it is close to our home, but also because service is good and food is consistently delicious!
5	We have visited Two Brothers three times so far, and the quality of their food, variety of choices and great service is consistently excellent at very fair prices.  I would strongly recommend this place if you are looking for a great place in the Anthem area for breakfast or lunch.
5	I go there all the time for breakfast ... Food and service is always top notch... I usually get the Mediterranean Veggie Benedict... Mmm...Highly recommend it!  A couple extra small tables would help during some of the holiday's when it gets busy... But totally worth the wait!
5	We like to eat here whenever we visit family in Anthem because they have really good food. It's a small, friendly place with reasonable prices.
5	The food is really good and is clearly from scratch. Service can get kind of slow on busy days but overall its a great place to eat. I like how many items on the menu are local, organic, or humanly raised. The portions are very generous and the owners clearly care about serving quality products.
5	've been to the Two Brothers Kitchen 3 times now and each time I am impressed with the amount of food that is served. I usually bring food home. The bisquits and gravy are very tasty with the sausage in its mix. The pancakes are not tough like other places. The omelets are big and have any ingredients you like. I like the fact that this is a place that serves healthy meals.('free of pesticides, pork free of nitrates, beef free of harmones and antibiotics, eggs are cage free, etc.)  Nick, one of the owners, will come over and talk to you to make it more personable.  They only serve breakfast and lunch. The Greek salad is delicious, too. I plan on going back until I've had almost everything on the menu.
5	We like to eat here whenever we visit family in Anthem because they have really good food. It's a small, friendly place with reasonable prices.
4	Best food in Anthem. Been going here for years and food has been consistently delicious. These folks take pride in what they do and it shows! I hope someday they open a bigger place. Yum!
4	The food was good and the service was also good.We read the reviews but decieded to go and check it out anyway,glad we did.
