1	This is another bottom feeder collection law firm who only works for homeowners associations and makes their money by pursuing leans against honest homeowners who were the victims of bylaws or administrative errors by their clients, the homeowners associations.  If you happen to be in their office in person, check them for a pulse because these guys are heartless.  What a bunch of obstinate douche bags!
1	These people are the worst.  They get a little power over you and they treat you like garbage!!!  They are like Nazis!!  Just mean for no reason.  I hate dealing with them.  Curt and impersonal.  Avoid at all costs!  They like to call themselves a law firm, but they are a collection agency with absolutely no personal touch.  They obviously do not depend on repeat business from anyone they deal with and they show it.  I have never written a review before, but I was compelled to after my last phone call with Christine.  Good luck!
1	Horrible to work with and very rude. Paid my account in full and in trying to get a notice of zero balance from they instead was told that I would need to wait two weeks for them to "processes my payment". I was also told that my account was not time sensitive and they had other more important clients to deal with and I would just have to wait. When I asked why it would take so long i was told that the conversation was over and was hung up on.These people are rude, not true to their word, and difficult to work with when it doesn't involve them making money. They have my money and wont work me any longer. STAY AWAY FROM THEM AT ALL COSTS!!
1	Perfect example of why this countries judicial system is a joke. These lawyers are a fine example of corruption as they make their money off of honest home owners and crooked HOA's. I suggest an honest lawyer look into their records and sue them.
1	Ekmark thrives on HOA contention, fanning the flames, never properly advising -using discord as an opportunity to charge huge billsBeware!
1	Ekmark and Ekmark is a law firm in bed with various H.O.A.s in the Phoienix Az. My original issue with my HOA (Cachet at Mcdowell Mtn. Ranch) a simple well defined issue having to do with responsibility of termite work on a condominium common element wood structure wall adjacent to a parking space. Clearly defined in the CCRs and the responsibility of the HOA.. After some back and fourth with Ogden Mgt.(Jackie Monty) suggested they get a legal opinion as to their position... Enter Ekmark and Ekmark...Received letter from first attorney a Jesica Maceyko taking on the troubled position and supporting the association management. Her misguided claims were unsupported by any of the CCR documents. I replied asking Ms Maceyko to provide any documentation supporting her thinking. Ms. Maceyko admitted that she could not however because  "The Declaration does not set forth specific  "boundries"  must be my responsibility.  Was told to comply or they would file lawsuit and collect all legal fee's. Served with lawsuit papers from another attorney a Mr. Soloman S. Krotzer, giving me a few days to comply or face litigation. This guy is a total  incompetent by  making the same claims and demands. Mr Krotzer attempted to use his normal bullying tactics to threaten and deadline us to avoid litigation.Frustrated I retained attorney  J. Roger Wood to address this issue and to explain how outrageous their position is. Letter sent to Soloman S. Krotzer and demanded that I am never to be contacted again about this issue and furthermore if so,  will bring action against this association and seek relief in superior court.Like most bullies when confronted they scatter like quail, Apparently Mr. Soloman Krotzer lost his sissy  nerve and ran like a coward. Don't be intimidated by these misfits,  if your right and need quick decisive closure call J. Roger Wood 602 324 7126.
1	Ekmark and Ekmark is a law firm in bed with various H.O.A.s in the Phoienix Az. My original issue with my HOA (Cachet at Mcdowell Mtn. Ranch) a simple well defined issue having to do with responsibility of termite work on a condominium common element wood structure wall adjacent to a parking space. Clearly defined in the CCRs and the responsibility of the HOA..After some back and fourth with Ogden Mgt.(Jackie Monty) suggested they get a legal opinion as to their position... Enter Ekmark and Ekmark...Received letter from first attorney a Jesica Maceyko taking on the troubled position and supporting the association management. Her misguided claims were unsupported by any of the CCR documents. I replied asking Ms Maceyko to provide any documentation supporting her thinking. Ms. Maceyko admitted that she could not however because  "The Declaration does not set forth specific  "boundries"  must be my responsibility.  Was told to comply or they would file lawsuit and collect all legal fee's.Served with lawsuit papers from another attorney a Mr. Soloman S. Krotzer, giving me a few days to comply or face litigation. This guy is a total  incompetent by  making the same claims and demands. Mr Krotzer attempted to use his normal bullying tactics to threaten and deadline us to avoid litigation.Frustrated I retained attorney  J. Roger Wood to address this issue and to explain how outrageous their position is. Letter sent to Soloman S. Krotzer and demanded that I am never to be contacted again about this issue and furthermore if so,  will bring action against this association and seek relief in superior court.Like most bullies when confronted they scatter like quail, Apparently Mr. Soloman Krotzer lost his sissy  nerve and ran like a coward.Don't be intimidated by these misfits,  if your right and need quick decisive closure call J. Roger Wood 602 324 7126.
