4	Yesterday I went to Lindsay Lou for the first time. Opened in 2005 by an ASU grad named Lindsay the boutique has received praise since the doors opened, Unfortunately/fortunately I arrived during their annual summer sale so the boutique was only somewhat full of picked over sale items. Everything I saw in the boutique was adorable, but even still a little pricey. I couldn't really see myself shopping here on my budget, but it's a great place to get inspired. I can't wait to go back when the shop is fully stocked and window shop my heart out.
4	really cute boutique in hilton village, that is glitter-free. it's hard for me to shop in scottsdale becasue most of the stores carry glitter tops, shirts tattooed with print and designs all over the place. it's very west coast fashion in AZ obvs, but they go a little too far on the glitter - somebody tell the buyers to stop buying from the designers who use bedazzlers!lindsay lou is a refreshing boutique in the midst of all the glitz. the brands are great - i bought a vince cashmere hoodie sweater at their sale and wear it all the time (another tip if you vacation here, look for sales on winter things, sweaters, boots, etc - i was able to find a la rok coat with real rabbit fur on the inside at the neiman's here for 75% off, just like how i was able to find a vince cashmere sweater for almost 60% off at lindsay lou)
3	It's sale time at Lindsay Lou... I think that everything is 30% off!  The sales girl working when I stopped in earlier this week was quiet but not unfriendly.  They had some really cute stuff including tons of haviaana flip flops in all colors.  Cute dresses also.  Brand names including Splendid, James Perse, and more but I'm blanking right now.I didn't buy anything - there was nothing I just had to have, but I will return and update when I do.  Stop by Lindsay Lou next time you're in the Hilton Village area - it's fun to look even if you don't purchase anything!
5	Lindsay Lou Scottsdale def. has a style of its own! They carry Black Halo, Primp, Gypsy 05, Lauren Moshi, YaYa Aflalo, Jessica Kagan Cushman, Mali Sabatasso and more. Lindsay, the owner, is very knowledgeable and nice, it is just a pleasure to go because of the environment Lindsay has created.Did you also know Lindsay Lou has a Website? They also posted their new online commercial on their blog and on their YouTube channel! http://LindsayLou.com and http://LindsayLouBlog.com to sign up for their newsletter to stay up to date on all their new arrivals and sale items.I will continue shopping at Lindsay Lou as the clothing being sold is not only stylish, but very well made and always offers the latest styles. Happy Holidays!
3	In a previous life I would rate this place 4 or 5 stars but I've found the selection in here to be amiss lately.  I think this is a boutique that has been hit hard by the economy which has really affected the quality of their inventory.  I would easily drop $300-400 in each visit a couple years ago but the last 1/2 dozen times I've been in here I've left completely empty handed.  I'm always a supporter of local business but I must say this boutique has to adjust with the times or it may not be around much longer.
3	Cute store, but not great. I used to pop in when in the area and after a year of leaving empty handed I just gave up trying. Today I was in the shopping center and figured I would drop in. They stopped carrying some of the brands I love, like splendid. I was a little disappointed by that. The selection was pretty dull, nothing exciting or worth the hefty price tag. I did buy a pair of jeans which I am certain I paid way too much for current/elloitt at $212, but I loved them.The sales girl was nice, but not super helpful. In fact I was alone in the store the first two minutes which is scary to think of how quickly they could be getting ripped off. After asking for help and her opinion a few times, she started to get more involved, but didn't really put herself out by suggesting items. Like I said she was friendly...Overall, I think I am over this store. i can't promise I'll never go back, but I won't run there.
5	Lindsay Lou is a definitely a worthy destination in terms of Scottsdale Boutiques. These days, boutiques have been coming and going so quickly around this area it's hard to keep up! Lindsay Lou has provided me with a consistently good shipping experience every time. They carry a vast amount of unique brands as well as introduce some new up and coming designers. The few times that I have dropped in, I was treated like a regular. The saleswoman knew exactly what I had bought the time before! If you want to stay up to date on all of their sales (there are definite bargains!) visit their website and get on their email.
3	Lindsay Lou, my favorite purveyor of Rebel Yell! Oh & let's not forget the adorable little yorkie named "Lulu" running around the store! This boutique gives off a definite LA vibe. Most recently I got an adorable football style v-neck by Rebel Yell that reads "Brunettes Are The Best." (Duhhhh, no brainer!) The girls are always so sweet with lots of suggestions & styling tips. And while you're in be sure to write your email address down in the guest book. I get emails ALL the time with up to 30% off their designer duds! Crossing my fingers that Lindsay Lou is a boutique that's here to stay.
3	Cute store with cute clothes. They had a lot of items on sale - good stuff like Rich & Skinny jeans to pretty blouses. Good range of price points. Nothing that I couldn't live without - but a place that I'd stop in every so often to see what they've got.
5	This store is filled with great clothing brands and Chan Luu jewelry!
1	This shop does not pay its vendors.  Such a bummer.  I have been asking for a payment from them for over 9 months for my jewelry line.  We are a small business and make everything by hand.  Hopefully they will pay and I can take this post down.I am sure it is probably a nice store.
