1	I thought I had been to the slowest Starbucks ever. This one is slower.   You know what I want to do in Las Vegas? Sit in Starbucks for half an hour waiting for a frappuccino. Luckily, it only took 3 times to get them to put espresso in the drink.
5	I don't understand why this Starbucks has such bad reviews! I stayed at The Signature at MGM Grand in tower 3 for 5 days and visited this Starbucks for 3 of those 5 days and had 0 problems. Each time I went in there, no one else was in there and my drinks were made very promptly. The staff was friendly and my drink tasted very good.
3	Conveniently placed but their lines are crazy long and their items are over priced. A plain croissant costs more than my coffee. They do, however offer free hot water which is great!
4	on day 4 of our trip I finally realized this Starbucks is here at the MGM  - dang! could have been enjoying my usual beverage everyday/ Oh, well, found it now.  Located in Tower 1 - this Starbucks doesn't have any lines to speak of compared to the one in the MGM food court area. I ordered a Venti Vanilla Macchiato with No Foam. It was great. The Baristas were very nice and I had no problem using my Starbucks phone app to pay for my drinks. It's not a cheap Starbucks. You're paying for convenience, don't like it, stand in line for an hour in the MGM Starbucks.
2	Nice and convenient that it's inside the Signature, but really overpriced compared to a normal Starbucks. No names on the drinks which always leads to confusion. It's a great thing to write costumers name on the drink, so why not do it here?
2	Convenience comes at a price. One of the most expensive Starbucks I've ever visited. But then again, I'm not feeling much for a walk to the MGM casino for a cheaper coffee and longer lines. Face it, it's Vegas. All convenience is overpriced and we still come. Calculated risk. Barista is working here for years and (were)always very friendly. Only thing I regret is that Starbucks doesn't have the toasted bread with ham and cheese and salads any more. Just sweets or things with eggs.Update: after two very bad experiences within one week with very rude staff I have to reconsider the stars. Giving it not more than two stars. This rude service together with these prices leave me no choice. I filled two complaints with Starbucks.
