5	a.k.a. Lahmadjoune Beyrouth-YerevanThe Villeray district has a lot of things going for it, but certainly one of its greatest blessings is that it's home to some of the city's best lahmadjoune bakeries, and Lahmadjoune Beyrouth-Yerevan--whose name is a reflection of their Lebanese-Armenian approach to baked goods--has got to be the granddaddy of 'em all. Two things distinguish Lahmadjoune Beyrouth-Yerevan/Chez Apo's lahmadjounes from the competition: their delicate, absolutely delicious dough, and the fact that they cook their flatbreads and savory pastries in a wood-burning oven. Recommended: their classic lahmadjoune with its flavorful ground beef topping; their spinach pies and flatbreads.
5	I just moved into the hood (Villeray) and cannot believe I never went to this gem for all those years. Heavenly pizzas- the spinach one was one of the most delicious things I ever tasted. They also have baklawas and kibbe. Highly recommended!!!! Grab goodies and feast at the nearby Jarry park after... :)
1	After seeing this place last year, and reading reviews last week, I went to this place a few hours ago. there was an older women behind the counter.  I asked for three lahmajoons. Apparently they sell it 6 or 12. That's fine. She told me it is not expensive, and I agreed and I said that I am by myself. 6 lahmajoon will be too much. So she offered me giving 4 lahmajoons. I was OK.. She gave me cold waiting lahmajoons on the counter. Where six lahmajoons cost 7$, I paid 6$ for 4! When I was exiting, I saw the burning wood in the oven and asked for heating. She made a sound that I can't write with letters didnt even look at my face, and send me out with cold lahmajoons. I started eating the lahmajoons. What a disgusting taste. I have had lahmajoon before here in Montreal at Arouch and Avesta. I am not saying other places were awesome, but comparing all three, this place should not even be mentioned.. I read somewhere that someone says "this place brings the taste of near-east". I am from middle east and this place could not be in business more than a year in near-east with this customer service and quality of food. But here, they put a sign that indicates their foreignness, put a wood oven and voila! What a hidden gem!?!Thanks Apo, you made me think about you for the past 3-4 hours, sign up to this website and leave this review.. My next girl friend, my next employer will read all this..And those users who say this is a gem in your neighborhood, I think it is time to move e out. How could you even say this with a straight face!!
