5	Occasionally I will find a cool shirt or pants on the 80%-off clearance rack, but the fit is a little off. I mentally tack on $10-20 for alterations to justify the purchase. Finding the right tailor is a must, and in the handful of cities where I've lived, I've been able to find a tailor that *suits* me at a reasonable price. I can't believe I am the FTR this place, as it seems to always be busy; I am never the only one in the shop. Maybe getting clothes tailored is more of an old-school effort and the customers are more Angie's List than Yelp?Most recently I went in with a pair of jeans (too long) and a shirt (too wide). Ana charged me $10 for the shortening of the jeans, and $15 for taking in the shirt and the top half of the sleeves. Well worth it, considering that I always reach for the clothes that fit when deciding what to wear.Ana is also super nice. Definitely the place for reasonably priced, quality stitchwork.
5	this place was great! the shop is a little odd and there's not a proper fitting room but Ana altered my pants and got them back to me the same day! I had an unexpected need for black slacks and had to run out and buy the first pair that fit. I found a decent pair but they were in need of hemming. I'm always hesitant to go to a new tailor because too many of them are scissor happy and then you end up with pants that are basically now high-waters. But Ana told me she wouldn't be too liberal with the hem and she wasn't. They came out the perfect length and she even pressed them. I might have been able to find somewhere cheaper but they might have done a crappy job and not gotten them back to me in time so I'll stick with Ana! best 10 bucks I ever spent.
5	Excellent service, excellent job!!!! I've been there several times and Ana always does exactly what I need and she is always nice to me. Besides price is quite reasonable. So, I guess I'm going to be there loyal customer  from now on.
5	I absolutely loved Anna's work! Took her several pants, suits and dresses and she fit them perfectly. I'm walking around feeling taylor made and happy I found someone I can trust and count on. Personal attention and care was given at all time even when I made some picky requests :)
5	I came down here based on great reviews and I was actually pleased at how my alterations were done by kind, Armenian woman named Lida I think...Not sure who is Ana but this place is awesome and $10 to hem jeans is such a great deal.
5	Good alterations place. It is small and run by Ana... I guess? She took a few inches off of a gown I purchased at Nordstrom and only charged me $20. I was suspecting it would cost me more, but nope!This is a no-frills establishment, but if you need something hemmed I would recommend this place. If I ever buy any new slacks for work or purchase another gown (haha, ya right) in the near future I will come here. For the record she had my gown ready the morning of the event and I was super nervous about picking it up so close to the time for me to be in it and looking presentable in front of hundreds of people, BUT thank goodness - it came out perfect!
5	Tiny little business tucked into a strip mall. I came in with two dresses needing alterations and I was a bit hesitant as one is a bridesmaid's dress for an upcoming wedding - meaning if the dress got messed up somehow or poorly altered, I be in a bind. But I had heard good things about this place so I came in. The woman who works here is actually named Lita (Lida?) and she got right down to business with the fittings of both the dresses and figuring out what alterations to make. I was expecting to pay about $35 per dress, so I was pleasantly surprised when the entire bill totaled only $15. I chose a date to pick them up but then my plans changed and I called to see if I could get them a day earlier. She told me no problem, and when I picked them up they were perfect. Bottom line- quick, high quality work for what does not appear to be too much money. They only accept cash, so be prepared ahead of time when coming to pick up your items. Would definitely recommend to anyone.
1	I had to come here 4 times during posted business hours to finally find it actually open to pick up my clothes. When I informed the woman I was unhappy with that, she told me that was impossible and didn't happen. Don't think you're going to call me a liar and get it away with it when you're a cash only business. Maybe the IRS would be interested.
5	She has fixed more than hand full of suits for me (blazers & pants) and she's really really good.. and the prices are less than half of what I was quoted at another shop on Spring Mountain and Ft. Apache. She fixed a $1000 tuxedo that was ruined by someone else by cutting it too short. She found the right material and fixed it for $20. She's old school.. honest and straight forward. Don't expect BS and fake smiles..
