5	Everything I've had on the menu is incredible! I think I've been every day since they opened  my recommendations - purple rain, over the rainbow or rich girl! On top of amazing ingredients, the customer service and atmosphere is awesome. Bumpin good tunes and free wifi. If they sold wine I might never leave!
5	My grandmother and I have been to every juice bar in the valley. My grandmother juices daily and is on a dairy free& gluten free diet, so when I heard about this place opening up we were super excited!First off, lets talk about the aesthetics of the juice bar. It is so cute and clean inside! They also have free wifi while you  are sipping on your drink!! I love how you can see them making your drink right in front of you, so you know exactly what is going into your drink.The owner (Sam) was super knowledgeable about all of their ingredients. Since, my grandmother knows pretty much everything about juicing she was pleasantly surprised that Sam knew much more than her!! He help both of us navigate the menu and pick delicious drinks. I had the "Super Bass" and grandma had the "Rich Girl". We both loved our drinks. We are so excited to make this our weekly grandmother and granddaughter date spot.
5	I just purchased my first three-day cleanse from Sip! I cannot wait to evaluate how I'm feeling afterwards - I've heard nothing but good things. I want to take a moment to commend the staff at Sip. This being my first cleanse, Alex was so willing to talk me through each day. Even more, she helped me walk to my car with all the juice to be sure I wouldn't spill! WOW! What outstanding customer service.
5	Love this cute little juice bar! I was here on business and Sip was recommended to me. Cute cafe to get some work done, friendly staff, & lots of fresh juice options. Will definitely come back if in the area! I wish more of these existed across the nation.
3	Went here today with a friend to try it out. I got the Dr Feel Good without celery and she got the Rich Girl. The Rich girl was pretty bad, but mine was okay. The problem with this style of juicing is it gets rid of all the nutrients and leaves you with jut the stripped sugary juice, so it doesn't have much value. Another issue is this place only has 16oz and 20oz sizes, which for some, can be just way too much. They need an 8oz size. Overall, this place has blah combinations, too large of sizes and is a bit on the pricey side.
4	This is a very clean very well organized juice bar. I was very happy with what I ordered I think it was something with beets, pineapple juice, and celery.  I also ordered an elixir.  I think it was called the fighter. The women working there warned me that it was very spicy. I told them not to worry I would be fine, I like spicy things. Even while they were making it the woman insisted on taking out some of the seeds of the jalapeno. Needless to say my elixir was not spicy at all. I appreciate their concern, but I really wanted to experience the spiciness of the drink.  I get headaches and migraines, and I think the spiciness sometimes helps them. I would definitely go back.  I would like to try other things. I like that they open at seven in the morning so that I could go there before work.
