3	It may sound a little creepy, but I love Elmwood Cemetery--and I'm not going there for funerals or grave-robbing or anything. Once you get past the fact that you're surrounded by graves and, well, dead bodies, you realize that you're in the middle of a gorgeous outdoor area, smack in the middle of Charlotte. I go running here a few times a week, and I'm not alone. There are great concrete paths that weave in and around the grounds. One loop is about 1.5 miles by the way, if you're trying to get a sense of how much ground you're covering. It can be hilly at times, so be warned. Elmwood is also popular with dog walkers, although there was an issue a few months back about dogs being off their leashes, but that has since been settled. Most people have their dogs on leashes now, although a few stragglers are yet to get the with program. If you're looking to socialize your dog or meet other dog owners, Elmwood after 5 pm is a good place to head. But more than anything, it's just a nice place to take a quiet walk (again, assuming you're able to ignore the graves or appreciate them). Take a walk and check out how long some of them have been there, and the various passages they have on them. It's actually a really cool walk to take.
5	I also love Elmwood Cemetery. I used to work at the NC Music Factory, and we'd go for coffee breaks at the Dunkin Donuts on Graham Street, and we found a cool back-way through the cemetery one day when we were trying to get around the train. It's a beautiful place, and we sometimes would stop and walk around for a second to avoid going back into the dungeon, I mean office. It's kind of a surprise to find it, so close in the middle of uptown, but it's a great spot. I'm a little bit of a creepy woman, so I enjoy weird spots like this one...but if you work uptown and are craving a little nature and a little memento mori with your lunch, pack a blanket and eat your grub at Elmwood. I find it to be really refreshing.
4	As others have mentioned, it does seem a bit creepy deepy to a) review a cemetery and b) also see the categories for this location as "Funeral Services & Cemeteries" AND "Active Life." However, that's a perfect description of Elmwood Cemetery. It is a stunning space of lush green grass, ancient trees and flowering bushes and home to some of the oldest resting places in Charlotte. During the daylight hours, this space is a breeding ground for dog walkers, joggers and pensive, respectful photographers. The winding roads are great for anyone who needs a bit of exercise and many of the gravestones are quite beautiful and interesting. Many of the folks buried here were from the same well-established (old money) families who still reside in Charlotte today. While it may seem odd to schedule a run in a cemetery, I promise that you won't regret it at Elmwood Cemetery. It's picturesque, interesting and, of course, quite quiet!
5	I have to chime in to agree with others who have reviewed this spot. It is a beautiful, peaceful place for a walk. I stopped there this afternoon, walked around a bit, took some pictures, and enjoyed the perfect fall weather. I actually think this cemetery is much nicer a place for a walk than most of the parks in Charlotte.
5	Great place for a bike ride. Super close to uptown. Could definitely bring a bottle of wine and make it a picnic with the use of a little discretion.
