4	This is a fairly new location for Einstein but, I am surprised it wasn't on YELP!, yet.Anyway, being new, the decor is very fresh.  The interior design is quite nice, large, open, spacious, tons of seating, and a GREAT location.  The strip mall it is located in is pretty cool, with other neat stores.  So, it's a great place to grab a bkfst or lunch bagel if visiting Lake Mendota, or shopping in the area.Free wi-fi is always nice, too.I had a breakfast bagel sandwich, on pumpernickel...and it was quite good.  I'm not sure how they whip/cook their eggs but, there is something different about them.  Odd.  Not unpleasant, I do like them, just, the texture is different.  Had  a latte, and that was well made.  Not some generic machine like you see at a lot of other places.hint:  if you do Google street view, it shows the old Mexican taco place that used to be there..this is A LOT better!  However, Google maps does correctly list the business address and location as Einstein
5	Quick service, great bagel and coffee.   Clean place!
1	Won't be back.  This place was horrible. Not even kidding. Won't be back at all. The bagel was stale and tastes horrible. When I asked for a new one they just have me excuses and finally gave me a new one and the new one was still horrible. Won't be back.
4	There used to be a wifi network I would pick up at the bus stop outside this Einsteins. The name of that wifi network was, "6 dollars for a bagel sandwich!?". True story. And yes, Einsteins IS a bit overpriced, considering it is only one step up from any other fast food chain restaurant. All my coastie friends hate Einstein's because they don't serve "real" bagels. I have never had an authentic New York bagel, so I don't know what I am missing, I suppose. That said, I love, LOVE my usual order from Einstein's, which consists of a 6-Cheese Bagel with Onion and Chive schmear. Sometimes, I also get a hazelnut-vanilla coffee to go with it. I always get the same things because I love it so much. Plus, it's conveniently located. Can't help it, it's tasty and I love it.
1	Really sloppy place and badly managed. She prepared our three bagels on the counter that had a LOT of crumbs from various different bagels/sandwiches on it. She dropped one bagel with salmon cream cheese upside down on this counter, and it clearly picked up a lot of crumbs - you could see the polka-dots. Then she didn't bother wiping the counter (ICK), and made another strawberry bagel, then a pumpkin bagel on the same crumby counter. Used one knife to cut all the bagels, didn't wipe between. So our bagels had a combo of poppy seed, everything bagel, odd sweet flavor in the salmon bagel, disconcerting savory and pumpkin in the strawberry bagel. Two of us have had diarrhea this afternoon. FIND A DIFFERENT PLACE TO GO!! THIS ONE SUCKS
4	The bagels are great. I tried the sandwiches; they were tasty but too greasy. Won't order sandwiches anymore.
2	The location's a little more convenient, but Bagels Forever is a much better choice for the three blocks. If I were to come back, it wouldn't be for the namesake bagels, which taste somewhat more stale or rubbery in comparison to their Madison equivalents. As for authenticity, and I'm not sure there are really "styles" of bagel other than big/small, good/bad, these are just neutral: not doughy or exciting, on par with or just above the kind of manufactured bagels you'd buy from a freezer. EBB does run coupons in local circulars, if you do need to grab a dozen or sandwiches from them. Even still, for the price and quality, Bagels Forever, three blocks away, is the way to go.
