1	I wish I read the other review before I decided to go in.  )=They got me with their "receive two services for free" flyer from the mail.  I paid $42 for a Brazilian wax, eyebrow wax and underarm wax (I got eyebrow and underarm wax for free) which I didn't think was a good deal at all granted the quality of service which is NO QUALITY.  I've paid more or less the same amount for all three services in the past before tip at regular price.I've been waxed all over the country (most of them in L.A.) and I have to say that European Wax Center gave me the worst waxing experience EVER.  Their employees were super nice, but you can tell that they've been overly trained and are literally speaking off scripts.  They also tried upselling me everything from overpriced products to purchase of membership and future services.  That just takes the personal experience away which is very bad because body waxing is already uncomfortable enough so the environment should be personal and warm.It also bugs me that they didn't tell me exactly what "European Wax" meant before getting me naked.  It's a no strip wax which only dries at certain room temperatures so it was chilly in there, and there was nothing they can about it like turning up the heat because the wax only dries in cold temperatures.  I asked for a blanket or towel and they couldn't even provide that.  Once the wax dries, it hardens and they pull that off.  The wax they're so proud of couldn't even handle taking off the fine hair so they had to go over every area at least twice.  That's not only painful, but also ineffective.I asked the aesthetician, Aja, how long she's been waxing and she said "less than a year".  I didn't have to ask her that...  I CAN TELL SHE'S INEXPERIENCED.  Not only did she leave ingrown hair, she also left a bunch of hair behind.  I would've insisted on having it corrected so I can be completely bare (which is how wax hair removal should ALWAYS be), but she already went over every area at least twice so I was in pain.  She was careless, heavy-handed and paid no attention to detail.  Stray hairs were left behind everywhere and my eyebrows are now uneven.  There is no way I would recommend this establishment to anyone, nor will I ever be back.  I'd rather go natural!
4	I love this place, they are fast and they do a good job. The staff is really nice. Yes, it is true that they want to sell you every product and promo when you are there, but you can just say that you are not interested.I really recommend EWC!!!
5	I absolutely LOVE european wax center. I've gone for Brazilians and leg waxes (most recently last Wednesday) and they do a phenomenal job. They use a special stripless wax that hardens into its own strip - it is cleaner and less painful than the other kind. It's definitely not the cheapest waxing place you can find, but the staff is really friendly and professional. I don't go anywhere else!
2	Not very thrilled with this place, but I gave it two stars for the customer service.I went in because I received a free underarm or eyebrow wax in the mail. So I decided to try out an eyebrow wax. The positive- The staff was very friendly and informative. It was the most comfortable wax I've ever had because they have some sort of special wax that they peel away instead of ripping off.The negative- After the wax, I looked at my eyebrows, and they didn't even look like anything had been done to them. The aesthetician told me as she was waxing me that they can't go over again after they've already used the wax, so I didn't bother asking her to re-do my brows.I can't really complain since it was a free wax, but I don't think I'll be coming back here. All I can say is, meh.
1	Worst place ever! Aja the girl that waxed me was nice but didn't know what the heck she was doing. I went in for a Brazilian and she left me looking like i was shedding of something. It was completely horrible! I can do a much better job with a $6 kit at home! She literally left a bunch of areas untouched. I didn't complain because it's not my style. I hope anyone else that goes to Aja has a much better experience.
5	I was a manager of a waxing salon in Chicago so I am extremely picky when it comes to getting a Brazilian. European Wax has definitely meets my standards.Jennifer was very fast and efficient. My wax lasted less than 10mins (which is very surprising because they only use hard wax for appointments). I will be coming back for my monthly waxes.
5	I am absolutely obsessed with this place and I can't believe other women have had negative reviews! In my experience, everything is always flawless about my visits and I always "strut out" just like their door says! Some background about my wax experience, I've had my eye brows done since I was 16 and was a first timer for a brazillion! The wax they use here is authentic bee's wax I was told at my first visit. It is thick, blue, and doesn't require strips. My waxed told me the wax is special cause it doesn't attach to your skin and therefore only pulls hair! That is amazing, in my opinion, cause it really does inflict less pain! (Again, I was a first timer for the Brazilian so I had nothin to compare with. Today was my follow up and is was significantly less painful than last time. And I feel so incredibly sexy when I'm done. I recommend every woman tries this at least once in their life! Yes, at first it's terrifying! But that leads me to my next rave, the aesthetician TAYLOR, who took care of me both times is a down to earth girl, very gentle, nice, and just all around good customer service! She made me super comfortable in an uncomfortable situation. And knows a lot about her field. Yes it's pricey but worth every penny! For the confidence it gives me about my body, after just having a baby I don't blink an eye about paying this amount to feel beautiful and sexy!
5	Super clean. Staff is pleasant. Appointments are on time. Which for me is so important. All the technicians that I have used are equally good. So getting an appt is easy. Parking is sometimes tough but I recently found out that the 20min parking rule isn't enforced. So use those spots when you can ;)
5	My first time getting waxed in over 10 years, and I'm happy to say it's a lot less painful than I remember. Quick, easy and pain-free service from Megan. I'll definitely be back because this sure as hell beats shaving!
4	I am a fan of the thoroughness and attention to detail provided by waxer, Camille.  She is as obsessed as I am in hunting down every hair! The wax used by European Wax Centers is a heck of a lot less messy than those used by most other places.  This location is clean and the employees do seem to value their customers.  I highly recommend Camille!
5	Was in for the first time and was completely blown away at how wonderful the ladies were. I was lucky enough to have Judilea and she was amazing very informative and did an great job on my waxing!!
5	What could be a potentially embarrassing appointment, the staff at European Wax Center made me feel at ease. Everyone is super friendly and nice. I've been twice and so far i've been seen right on time. Judilea is an amazing waxer, very attentive, very honest and very comfortable to be around. The store is extremely clean. I'm very pleased and don't see myself going anywhere else again.
2	I have been going to European Wax Center for almost 2 years in 3 different states. This location at Boca Park Las Vegas has consistently been the most difficult, non-consistent location I have ever experienced. The wax specialists are good as any other location, but management and especially the schedulers at the front desk have offered unacceptable services that showed complete lack of interest or appreciation for the customer. I have been offered a 12-month package. The girl selling the package stated that it comes out to be $27 per session but when she charged my card and it ended up being over $37 a session. When I brought up this discrepancy, she said oh she's not sure why but that it was just how they offer the package and made no effort to rectify the false advertisement. I have been late to this location 2 times under 10 mins and have to had to wait over 30mins for the next opening each time. Also made appointment for the next day, when I showed up within the grace period I was told no appointment was put in the system. They had no other client but the girl up front would not offer the courtesy of giving me my grace period. Time and time again the attitudes of the front desk employees showed no effort to make their customers feel welcomed. I've not asked for unreasonable courtesy but in situations when the mistake was done on the part of the employees the least that should have been done is offer to reschedule sooner. They have no interest in finding ways to help the customer, they seem much too busy gossiping about their lives than wanting to go out of their to rectify mistakes or accommodate their customers. Unacceptable.
4	It's more like a spa here at ewc. There therapists are nice and friendly.  The products they use and sell are amazing.  They smell wonderful.  The wax they use is virtually pain free. I like this convenient location also. One stop shopping at Boca Park.
5	I have been coming here for over a year now, and I can honestly say I have never been more satisfied with a waxing center before. My wax specialist, Sarah G. is awesome! Super sweet, professional, and pays great attention to detail. I do full Brazilian and full leg wax, and am always happy with the results. I will continue to go to this location for as long as I live in Vegas!
5	I've done it all! Laser hair removal, threading, cheap waxing bars, Benefit Brow Bar, a few different threading places, and even the very expensive Anastasia Brow treatment offered at Caesar's Palace. Some were bad, some where good, and a couple were even great!This place is simply the best. I went once and can't even remember my first waxer's name, she did my underarms and it was good. But then I came back a month later and saw ALANA. She was personable, talkative, gave me the least painful underarm wax I've ever had, and gave my brows 5 star attention. She called herself a 'brow expert' so I gave her freedom to reshape mine. I've never had such a well-groomed, perfect brow before. I was shocked. Absolute precision between the wax and tweezers. I even bought brow powder from her (even though I have pencils and gels) because she showed me a great trick to highlighting my brows better. GO SEE ALANA!
