2	Mixed feelings about Arby's Restaurants.  I heard that they were recently purchased by a large chain so I decided to see if the menu had improved.   I didn't see anything much different so maybe the change hasn't taken place yet.  Their Market Fresh sandwiches are pretty good.   Their Reuben is ok but not terrific.  The rye seems to be some sort of fake rye.   Maybe I am wrong on that but I don't like it and I love rye bread.   So what is going on here?No regular fries, only curly fries which I hate.Prices are way too much for fast food.  I can spend the same at a sit down restaurant for the same or better food.  Is it more expensive because of the fast food convenience?    I don't think so.Service was very good.   So hats off on that but this review is mostly about the food.   Flavors are good to but we are unhappy with some of the quality and especially the prices.
4	Thought I would give the new Fish Sandwich Special a try.  I thought it was great.  Fast food usually gets a bad rap but this sandwich was much better than most restaurants I have been to.
3	My family stops into this Arby's once in a while. The food is consistently good for what it is, fast food. The staff is usually very friendly and the parking lot is easy to get around in. The only thing that brings the rating down is sometimes it is not as clean as I would like. Also if you are not fortunate enough to get a booth you have to sit in these iron lawn chairs. They are uncomfortable and odd for a indoor seating situation.
2	I have gone to this Arby's a couple times and the last two times I have had issues when trying to use coupons. This last time, I tried to use our local Memorial HS football coupon card when going through the "drive thru" where you can get 10% off your purchase.  The worker said,  "We don't accept those cards at this location. " Of course,  I was surprised considering this is the closest Arby's to the HS (only 1/2mi down the road). She continued saying,  "this restaurant is owned separately and we dont accept many coupons." So considering the food looks flattened when recieving it and as if they just threw it all together in a wrapper, I wont be going back to this location in the near future.
