5	Boutique Solie is an absolutely fabulous store ladies! The owner Beth really has an eye for fashion and the inventory changes on a daily basis so you can always find something new. The last time I was in I almost wrestled this gorgeous green dress from my girlfriend who spotted it first. The prices are spot on and the variety of jewelry, bags, clothing and shoes is unique and fashion forward. Many of the clothing lines are eco-friendly so you can feel good about your retail therapy. Beth also does spray tans in the store and they are cruelty free.  Being fashionable and conscientious is the idea behind Boutique Solie, and the idea is carried out well. Whether you are looking for a weekend wardrobe or wanting to get some instant color this should be your new "go to" spot. You can thank me later.
5	After noticing this new boutique driving by, then I recently happened upon a Living Social deal for it. Only open for a month, it is a welcome addition to the 7th Ave and McDowell area. The one thing that makes me leery about boutiques are their high-end prices. While I understand the small business owner needs to make money, it is difficult for me to shop when it isn't affordable. Boutique Solie is definitely affordable in the world of local boutiques. I noticed several things I liked immediately and that I knew would fit my curvy frame. The clothes, shoes, jewelry, bags, etc, were very fashionable and affordable. I noticed many pieces of jewelry in the $5-$45 range. The top that I bought was $56 but I used my Living Social deal towards it. I also got these adorable $6 sunglasses for my 5 year old. Although I only bought a couple of things, I want to go back and buy these cute red flats I saw. The owner was very personable and suggested some really cute striped dresses to try on. When you go in, don't forget the top floor has clothes and accessories too!
5	OMG!  I cannot believe it took me so long to come down to the cute Boutique Solie! I wanted to buy all the earrings, bracelets and purses she had but I refrained and bought a cute pair of green earrings that were just calling my name. ( I really wanted the entire earring rack but again I refrained)It is set-up so nicely with an upstairs and downstairs. A variety of items from jeans, to dresses, to purses, to earrings, necklaces, to hats, shirts, to you name it. Beth is the owner and she is AMAZING! Talk about having an eye for style. Sigh... I wish I had an eye for style. Ok, ok back to the Boutique.. for those that like to get spray tanned, she has that option as well. If you are in the area, make sure to check out this amazing Boutique. You will be SOOOO happy you did!
5	I've known Beth for years and: 1) she has more style in her pinky finger than almost any other woman in Phx has in her whole wardrobe; 2)  good on her for grabbing her dream by the balls and squeezing with this boutique.
5	I am not the best at surprising my lady with gifts for no reason, I always feel silly shopping in the ladies section at department stores.  So I was delighted to find this gem of a place right down the street from my house.  The owner Beth is great when helping me pick something that my lady will like.  The last time I was in I got her a purse and a really cute dove necklace that was made by a local designer.  The prices were very reasonable as well.  She also does spray tanning, not like my Persian self needs that, but my girl goes there now for her tans.  I love the bronzed look on her!  What is even better is now the owner know her style and is even better at helping me pick stuff out.
5	I've been shopping at Boutique Solie for several months and I am beginning to think that the owner, Beth, does her buying with me in mind! From my favorite collation of unique and flattering summer dresses, to my signature bell bottom pants that I debuted on a trip to Time Square or a wide range of tank tops, lacy bando tops, purses, etc (yes, I actually do shop there that much!!) - everything I've purchased at Boutique Solie has become a lasting favorite. And, more importantly, the quality of the clothing can stand up to the test of time. Beth knows my body style and does a great job helping style me, she even calls me or sends me a personal note via text when items arrive that she thinks I'd enjoy - and she's ALWAYS right!!The airbrush tanning is excellent too! I've been boycotting the sun for the better part of 10 years and it's great to be able to get a golden glow, do some shopping and get the ultimate personal experience all in one trip! Speaking of trip - I drive ALL the way from TEMPE just to shop this little boutique - way better than the places I find on Mill. Unique, friendly and the perfect combination of classic chic with fashion-forward fun!
5	This boutique has something for everyone!  The clothing selection is always new and fresh, Cara and Beth are so friendly and helpful!
5	Okay I think I have an obsession with this place. Its bad that its right down the street from my school because I'm constantly driving past and thinking "don't stop, don't stop" and then I stop.... Then after shopping I'm happy I stopped (maybe I'll come back tomorrow for more). Beth (the owner) is AMAZING she not only has an eye for fashion but she is super sweet! This little shop gets new things in about once a week. They have everything ranging from dresses to nail polish. Its a small little store with big-style. Beth is sure to have the newest trends in her store and is constantly looking for the newest coolest items.I've been in a few times now and as soon as I walk in Beth greats me with a smile and then says "Oh I have something new that would be soo cute on you" then she proceeds to show me the "cutest thing I've seen" and I must have it.The week before my birthday I went in to look for a birthday dress.. I tried on a few different things but I didn't fall in love with anything at that moment. Beth knew that I was shopping for my special birthday dress and knows my style, she then informed me that there was a new shipment of things coming in later that day and that she had ordered a dress that she thinks I would love. I left and came back the next day to fall in love with the perfect birthday dress that fit me like a glove!! It was a black mini dress with two huge parrots  (basically take up the whole dress) I know it sounds weird but it was perfection! I mean it had to be pretty awesome to beat out the free people dress I had in mind.Thanks for helping my birthday be one of the best I've had!! Oh and for those of you that like to be tan, Beth also dose spray tanning here :0)
5	Visiting a friend and came across this place after she INSISTED I come down here. I was reluctant at first, since I'm not really into anything beautified and fancy. I was also really worried that it would be insanely expensive. I was also worried I wouldn't like it and the trip would be a total waste of time.Well, all of my worries were for not. I enjoyed the experience, probably too thoroughly. My friend assures me she doesn't go here all the time, but I know if I lived here, I would. The owner is great because she is really friendly and outgoing. She is very good at keeping her store well-run. She also has a wonderful eye for fashion. AND, despite my worst fears, there were actually items in the store that I could - you guessed it - afford!!!!  Will I go back? That depends on if I ever visit PHX, Arizona again, but if so, I'll be the one dragging my friend to this place. Can't resist the urge to shop till I drop at this boutique....I picked up more clothes than I had room for and actually had to buy a second suitcase to bring them back!
5	This great boutique has brought some serious fashion to the newly remodeled 7th Ave and McDowell area.  I absolutely love this store.  Beth has done an amazing job with the store and has a great eye for fashion.  Every time I visit the store, I always come away with a great outfit or accessory.  This store also carries eco-friendly clothing and accessories.  If you are looking for a great boutique to add some color to your wardrobe, check out Boutique Solie.  P.S.  Beth also offers reasonably priced spray tans.
5	A+
5	This place is amazing!!! Beth, the owner, has the best taste in clothes! I saw a very cute skirt pictured on the store's Facebook page, I told them I'd really like to have one & it was sent to me on Anchorage AK for on $5 shipping cost. It arrived 5 days later. Couldn't be happier.
4	I'm really sad to say this but I think this cute little shop has closed its doors. Unless it somehow moved, but that's probably wishful thinking. Sighhh.  Wish Phoenix could sustain more local boutiques like this.
