5	Fantastic! You set a budget, tell these guys what kind of stuff you want to see/do, and they take care of the rest. We spent the weekend hitting the nightclubs and walked right in to every club, no wait (even Beacher's Madhouse which had just opened), and bottle service at most of them + transportation and other goodies. Amazing for our budget. Staff is professional/great to work with and will help work with you to tailor your agenda to your group. We all had an absolute blast, will be calling these guys on our next trip.
5	If you want to experience Vegas how it's supposed to be experienced, LV Top Shelf is as good as it gets. Otherwise, you're really just wasting your money. It's about not waiting in lines, having a bottle/table at every club, more clubs that you can count on your fingers, and the flexibility to do whatever you want. The best part? Whatever your budget is, LV Top Shelf will get you the best your budget can afford. You know all your money is going to your Vegas experience, and you simply won't be disappointed. My only concern of any kind was the last night, when my group was actually getting pretty tired from visiting so many places. Yet, there we were again, with another 3 clubs lined up for us that night. Obviously if we really wanted to we could have said no, but that's exactly what I mean: we were given even more than we could handle. If you want to experience the REAL Vegas, you just have to use LV Top Shelf. And ask for Skoti :)
5	Went to Vegas for my birthday and a friend put me in contact with Skoti.  We discussed what sort of things I was interested in doing in Vegas and the budget I was wanting to spend.  We ended up going to Pure and had a table with bottle service.  It was my sister's first nightclub experience and she had a great time.  It was really fun and Skoti is just an all around awesome guy.  I highly recommend his services when visiting Vegas!
5	Mind-blowingly amazing. Skoti helped me organize my brother's entire 21st birthday weekend. He worked with our budget and was able to get us several bottles over the course of the weekend, limos, entrance into some of the best clubs--all while keeping in constant contact and making sure everything was going smoothly. Skoti is professional and charismatic (even my mother loved him)! In just two nights, we went to Body English, XS, Tryst, Pure, The Marquee, Hakkasan, and Sapphire. I will never go to Vegas without calling Skoti first and I will be returning there for my birthday this summer. DO NOT make the mistake of going with out LV Topshelf.
5	I have been to Vegas plenty of times, but when I decided to go most recently, it was as a twenty-one year old. I had never been a part of the clubbing scene and had no clue how any of it worked, but I knew that I wanted do to Vegas right for my 21st birthday. My friend told me about Skoti and his company and that was all I needed for the best weekend in Vegas I could imagine. He planned an itinerary that involved hitting up the best clubs in Vegas at incredibly reasonable prices and with no waiting in lines. Skoti got us right in. On top of that, we had travel issues and got into Vegas three hours later than expected. Without the slightest hesitation, Skoti was able to rearrange our itinerary and push a few clubs back a night to maximize our enjoyment of the weekend. All in all I couldn't have imagined a better way to spend my 21st. I will certainly be calling up Skoti again for any return trips and I highly recommend him to anyone and everyone who wants to have a good time and take the stress of planning off their hands! Skoti and LV Top Shelf will take care of everything!
5	This was my first time coming to Las Vegas as a 21 year old, and my top shelf experience with Skoti was amazing! He took our group to a wide selection of popular night clubs (Marquee, XS, Surrender, Tryst, the Bank... Etc) without any troubles, and we never had to wait in line.Skoti made sure we got into all the clubs we requested, and we had limo transportation to a lot of the clubs.Overall, an amazing experience, and it definitely made my stay in Vegas a memorable one.
5	Skoti made my life a lot easier by planning everything out for me for a Vegas bachelorette! Every little detail matters, from the perfect dinner spot to the club choices! Everything worked out great and the group had a blast! Thanks again for being so accommodating!
5	I have always been able to count on Skoti when I visit Vegas! I just went recently for my cousin's bachelorette party... And boy it was smooth sailing. No headaches of trying to wait in hectic lines or waiting for taxi. Love the food recommendation that he made! Thanks and we will definitely see Vegas soon!
5	Vegas with Skoti is a different experience.  LV Top Shelf got 15 of my friends in the best clubs at the lowest prices I've experienced in 10 years of doing Vegas hard.  We had the best tables, waited in no lines, and went to all the pool parties.  Can't recommend enough.
5	Sept 7th-11th 2014As with every review on here I would say 5 stars minimum for LV Top Shelf, specifically Scoti.  Everything from planning the day party, pool party, night party and places to eat off the strip he is first class.  Light is currently the place to party, as Scoti would know, got us basically front and center for bottle service.  General lines here are a mile long. Not a line we had to worry about.  Encore's Mad Decent was awesome.  DJs off the hook. Great looking  people.  Well managed.  The best venue for a pool party.  I have been to Cosmo's Marquee which is good but Encore's spot was amazing.  Once again, Scoti made sure we were parked in the middle of the fun.  Regarding food: I usually never leave the strip bc of laziness but he recommended we try some things off the strip.  Good advice.... not only saved a few bucks but we were able to take a break from the crowds and get some awesome food.  Skinny Fats and your done.... has a menu for health freaks and not so health freaks. Either way you cant go wrong.  I shouldnt even write this part, as this place is really a gem!Just a couple of highlights of almost 6 parties our group attended.  He was there every step of the way and didn't leave you wondering or wandering.Make your life easier and ask for Scoti.
5	July 25-27This Vegas trip was the first time I went with such a large group with a horrendous ratio (10 guys, 4 girls). Despite these unideal circumstances, Skoti was able to accommodate us and show everyone an amazing time! The group's decision to go to Vegas was very last minute - I had contacted him about our trip probably less than a week we were all supposed to arrive and he was able to work out all the details so that we were able to get into the clubs we wanted. Skoti was even able to offer us some very sweet table service deals for Thursday night and Friday morning in the night and day clubs. Unfortunately most of us were flying/driving in later due to work obligations and we had to pass on his generous offer.We started our weekend at XS on Friday night and we were able to enter without waiting in line. I wasn't paying much attention to how long the line was, but deadmau5 was playing that night and I expect it would have been a very long wait if we weren't with Skoti. The next morning the group went to Encore Beach Club for Seven Lions, and later in the evening we went to Marquee to see Dash Berlin. The line for Marquee was insanely long (probably longer than a 2 hour wait) and Skoti just walked us to the front and we went in without any fuss. That experience alone was worth every cent we paid for the entire weekend, and we really spent next to nothing!On my return trips to Vegas, I will definitely be utilizing LV Top Shelf's services. It was a very enjoyable experience and Skoti was able to provide us with such a great deal that I really don't know why anyone wouldn't take advantage of the savings. Only thing I would do differently next time would be to plan the trip a little bit more in advanced. That and really take advantage of his bottle service deals. I'm definitely recommending him to my big-spender friends and am already thinking about my next Vegas trip! :D
5	Skoti was awesome!! He kept his word, was very punctual, and treated a group of 11 of us like we were V.I.P's. I would recommend him/his company to anyone going to Vegas who's trying to enjoy the REAL Vegas experience! Definitely calling him on my next trip!
5	Top shelf was true to their name. Skoti took us to the top clubs, to the front of lines and sat us down in vip. The Vegas experience was hand delivered and the group I was with will be talking about that night for a long time.
5	We were assisted by Scoti, and he did an amazing job helping us out with my Brother in laws bachelor party.  He helped us get the best possible prices, and was also able to upgrade our setup as well.  I would recommend Scoti to anyone who is planning to celebrate in Vegas.  I am always going to use him every time I'm in Vegas for a big event. You will not be disappointed.
5	We got to club XS pretty late and scoti manage to hook us up right away. It was my friends bachelor party and you how hard it is for all men to get into clubs in vegas. He came through and got us all in a quickness and manage to get us one of the best seats in the house.
5	Scoti from LV Top Shelf is my go to guy when I need VIP access in Vegas!!! I've used him every time I'm there for Birthdays, Bachelor/Bachelorette Parties, or just a quick getaway!!!  He has a plan for any kind of budget.  I was there this past weekend for a friend's Bachelor Party (12 guys) and it happened to be I Heart Radio weekend. Fellas you know how hard it is to get in anywhere with 12 guys!!!  He got us into Sapphire, Encore Beach Club, and XS (Chris Brown & Usher made a surprise appearance) with no issues & bottle services!!!  Be sure to hit him up at 702-499-7776 and tell him I sent you...=)
5	We all know that Vegas is chaotic when it comes to long lines, crazy crowds, unpleasant bouncers, but we all know we want to enjoy what Vegas has to offer. Only way to do Vegas is to plan ahead. LV Top Shelf has always made each trip memorable. If you factor in all the expenses you would normally make, you'll realize that booking early is well worth it in the end. No more LV trips without LV Top Shelf assistance, EVER! Skoti is your main man! Thank you
5	Let me say that I've done Vegas without LV Top Shelf and bought the tickets, waited in line, no special treatment, and it is definitely not as incredible as our experience with Skoti.Regardless of how big your group is, Skoti always make it super easy and gets you to the front of the line and into the clubs that you want. I've had friends text me once I get in the club telling me they saw me walk in and I just go "whoops! well.... I'll see you when you're done in that line! (;". If you want the VIP treatment, he is definitely the guy to go to. I recently introduced some friends to Skoti the last time we booked a cabana at Encore Beach Club, and boy were they massively impressed. All of us can honestly say we had the best time of our lives. I don't think I could ever experience the Vegas clubbing scene without Skoti. Unless you happen to like waiting in uncomfortable heels in massively long lines as your buzz dwindles away and your seal is about to be broken, then sure, you don't need his services. Otherwise, there is no one else I would recommend for all your Vegas needs.FYI, coming from a huge foodie, Skoti's restaurant recommendations are ON POINT. Highly, highly recommend.
5	Do the right thing and hit up LV Top shelf ...Scoti was the man. He made things real easy and everything ended up going perfect. Made my trip to vegas perfect.
5	Definitely the best Las Vegas service I've ever had. I've once went to Vegas without LV Top Shelf's service, and it just wasn't as fun.  I would suggest this to anyone. You name a price, set however many days you're staying, and they do the rest. I felt I got the best deal in town. They took care of transportation, everything from limos to party buses; they took care of alcohol with drink tickets and even bottle service; and to top it all off,we got into all the best clubs without waiting in lines. It's all quite overwhelming, but it's as good as it gets. If you're going to Vegas anytime in the future, check out these guys. Professional and quality work.
5	There is absolutely no other way to go than LV Top Shelf. My group had visited Vegas before but not like this! Our transportation was on time and the clubs were exactly the atmosphere our wedding party needed! I have not experienced VIP services like this before.
