4	The dancers were beautiful. They all looked like fitness models. They were very talented and sexy. The singers were also very talented. So, the performers were great but the show itself is lacking. The entire process is very unorganized. Some of the acts are awkward and too long. The really need to go through the show with a fine tooth comb and cut out or change the parts that don't flow well. Sometimes the girls looked like they were not well rehearsed but I don't think it was their fault I think they need to change their routine to things that work a little better so it runs more smoothly. Over all it needs to be cleaned up.  I am hoping the production staff reads these reviews. I was really endeared by the cast. Those girls stayed in character with sexy smiles the entire time even with costume and set malfunctions and awkward missteps.
5	ICandy Burlesque was one of the best shows I've seen on the strip!  The singing and the dancing was superb!  It was like a Broadway musical of the Christina Aguillera movie "Burlesque".  The talent of the singers was phenomenal and there were also stunts involving a dancing pole that I didn't know were possible!!  I'd highly recommend this show for anyone visiting Vegas!
5	I attended this show on opening night. This was not your typical burlesque show with mediocre singing and almost naked mildly attractive women. Icandy Burlesque has some of the hottest talented women and man in one non-stop, high energy performance. From the opening monolog to the last number, the girls and guy pull you in with their eloquent voices and intricately choreographed dance moves. The flirty, sexy, yet comical feel of the show may not be for children, but I sure enjoyed myself.
5	This show is AWESOME!!!!  I went with a group of dance mom's and dancer's so we had some pretty hard critics with us and everyone loved it!!!  It was so entertaining!  The girls are extremely talented and beautiful!  The shorter blonde, Amy, is an amazing dancer!  We stayed in the lounge for a drink after the show and she came up to us, introduced herself and took pictures with us!  She was darling!!!  I have and will continue to refer people to this show and I will definitely be back to see it again!  Thank you for a most entertaining evening!!!
4	I enjoyed this show a lot last night.  The singing, choreography, and costumes are great!  The only thing I thought after 3/4 of the way through the show was that I was seeing a re-run with different costumes and different songs.  Nevertheless, the show was very well done.  The dancing is sexy and seductive in the true sense of burlesque.  Somewhere along the way, people got the idea that burlesque meant stripping and it does not.  The dancing is suggestive, but that's what burlesque is.One minor criticism I have of the show was the lighting at times.  It seemed like the lights were fixed and if a dancer strayed from a certain mark, they were no longer lighted well until they moved from the darker area back to the spot.The previous reviewer mentioned that no swear words were used.  Yes indeed, there was a bit of dropping of words by the comedienne, Kathleen Dunbar.  I love Ms Dunbar.  I've seen her do stand up in comedy clubs in las Vegas.  She's very funny and she provides a bit of an interlude twice in the show for the dancers to get a breath, change costumes, and change e the minor scenery in the show--scenery consisting mostly of chairs and pedestals. The male host is OK, but I didn't come to see him.  The young women sitting next to me were turned on my him a lot.Vegas the Show! was not yet out, so we waited in the lounge area for the audience to walk down the stairs and exit via going around the bar.  One last chance to sell the souvenir photos with the showgirl at the entrance or to buy a drink.  The place was hopping.I'll be back to see the show again.  It is good!
3	Good dancing, pretty girls, good music.  Nothing amazing, but a good show.  Great for those couples who want a little sexy, but not a topless show.
1	The show itself was decent.  The theater was filthy.  We had "VIP" tickets which included drink service, but we were never waited on.  And, the seats we got were in the second row.  It made it difficult to see anything and some of the show happens from the center of the theater, we couldn't see it at all.  We kept being blinded by the footlights, so it was difficult to see the stage, as well.
1	NOT A FAN! Lots of negatives. So whoever is reading this, you will thank me for saving you money.So when you are admitted, they tell you to wait around the bar area for you will be going up several flights of stairs to the theater. Me and my party of 4 were told make sure the bottom of the stairs area was clear because the current show was about to end and all the spectators were gonna be going down those same stairs we will be going up. All I gotta say is that the event is very unorganized. So after we finally get seated, the show starts after some delay because of the above mentioned. They try to duplicate the actual Burlesque movie but to me it was an epic fail. The only things worth mentioning are the old woman who claims to be their wardrobe manager and the lady magician. The wardrobe manager was pretty funny with her stand up comedy while the lady magician had some good tricks.I actually fell asleep a couple times during this performance and I was not the slightest bit tired. The ushers do a terrible job of keeping things in order. Case in point: Where we were sitting which was the balcony or "cheap seats" there was an idiot that was drinking and texting on his phone the whole time. The brightness of his phone was a major distraction. The ushers themselves were distracting with their own little flashlights to lead people around. I know they were well aware this fool was on his phone the whole time but did nothing about it.What is more insulting is that for 10 dollars more you can move closer to the stage in the seats about 20 yards ahead of you. So for 10 bucks more to see a disappointment of a show even better?  So save your money and spend it on something else that has a better guarantee. Maybe alcohol. LOL.
4	I'm a dude, so this automatically gets a 5 but there's a catch... Great show! The dancers were pretty in-sync while performing complex choreography. The all smiled throughout their acts. The singers were great and seemed to sound better the longer the show went on. The long walk up the flights of steps is definitely a negative as well as the cleanliness of the theater, which was lacking. For those reasons, I'm taking away a star as you have to rate the whole package. The actual show itself was very entertaining and I'd see it again next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Interesting dance numbers and amazing dancers! My favorite dancer was Svetlana! She's so good at all her stunts that while watching you'll find yourself at the edge of your seat. The show obviously isn't for all ages, but I definitely recommend it to everyone ages 16 and up.Plus since you get 50% off your next show at Planet Hollywood, it's a pretty sweet deal.Oh, and while you're at the Saxe Theater, make sure to grab a drink. I got the Sex at the Saxe Theater and I loved it!
3	Got cheap tickets through goldstar.com so the most redeeming factor was the price. The dancers were ok but i wouldnt say spectacular. The "singers" lip sang. Overall for a discounted price an OK show if you arent willing ti shell out hundreds for more well known shows.
2	Lack luster at best. Daisy de la Hoya is awful. The other singer is ok. The only good moments of the show were two solos- one on a pole and one in which the girl was suspended in the air. If they want to make this low budget production better they should have everyone just keep their mouth shut and get rid of Daisy.
4	This is a nice production with 5 very athletic dancers, one really great singer (from one of those Americas got Talent type shows), and cool guy who did some great tap and a was support for the girls, and a singer that wasn't quite as good. One pole dance and one cirque type ribbon dance were very gymnastic and quite amazing. Overall because the theater is a little worn and there isn't a live band I can see how some might feel it isn't an over the top Vegas show. But really the dancers are as good as any you will see, it was fun, and I was glad I went. It is a fun, sexy, show with girls in great shape, the size of theater means you are seeing everything close up and if you appreciate the athleticism of the dancers you will have a nice time.
2	I think this is where reality TV Stars go to die. Like die in the "my career is dead" die. Not the literal. I honestly felt bad watching it. Because the cast came out here to show their talent and then the show "star," Daisy, is famous for dating an F list celeb.I'm giving it two starts instead of one because the cast wasn't bad. They weren't the most talented, but you could see that sparkle every once in a while. Daisy was most definitely lip syncing and kinda hopping around, instead of really performing. I also felt bad because there was probably 20 people in a most likely 300-400 plus seating area. When people clapped, it sounded like one person was clapping. It was just awful. I guess that's what you get when you buy tickets at a mega discount. I'll stick to the Cirque shows, were at least I know what I"m getting. And no washed up reality stars!
