2	Decided to try this play after driving by. Very blah inside...was greeted and seated right away. Had typical deli meals..roast beef, pastrami, lox, etc...we went for breakfast. I ordered French toast, gf ordered hash. French toast came with a bagel and hash came with toast, home fries, and 2 eggs. French toast was great by itself(cinnamon and fluffy). Bagel wasMediocre. Hash looked ground and brown. It tasted, I guess, a bit old. Home fries were really good had sauteed onion. Now on to the real issue..two tablesNext to us were ready whispering (complaining). Made me wonder. Guess the server forgot to add sausage but assured him it would be ready when his pancakes were. Guess what! Pancakes came out but the sausage didn't. Owner came and rectified the situation. Our server seemed a little overwhelmed. She was okay, seemed timid but she got everything right so. I would come back for lunch or dinner..the egg sandwiches looked good.
1	There is nothing in there but old people. The waitresses are weird. I got a burger and it was sooo greasy the only thing good about was the fries. My friend got a salad and the croutons were stale and they ended up not charging us for it. Will NEVER go there again. The prices are way too expensive also.
2	This deli is only mediocre. Their menu prices seem a little too high for the quality of food and service. I doubt if I will return.
4	As a local business owner, I also am a BIG local business supporter. What comes around goes around I hope. My daughter and I are deli freeks, nothing like a BIG OL sandwich. Been there 3 times, everytime has been great. Archies is 3 for 3 with us....we'll be back!!!
5	Archie's started in Surprise in 2006, and just recently opened this location back in October. After hearing positive comments about this place from a co-worker, we gathered the troops and headed over there yesterday to give them a test drive.The Tempe location is essentially an old Village Inn restaurant that they appear to be converting into a deli. We arrived unannounced with a party of 8 and the staff was quick to push some tables together to accommodate our group.The staff here is friendly and the service was good. Once we got settled, our server put some pickles out on the table to snack on while she took our drink orders.The menu options here are limitless...we had a hard time making a choice. I finally settled on Dutchy's Pastrami Deluxe - which just about put me into a culinary coma. I have not had a sandwich this good in a long time. If you are a Miracle Mile/Carnegie Deli fan, then this place is for you. The size of the sandwiches are HUGE, so unless you walk in with a big appetite, I highly suggest you order a half-sandwich unless you plan on bringing part of your lunch home in a box. I had to laugh when I saw an option on the menu to double the meat for an additional $4.50 - I don't know who could possibly put down that amount of food (unless you were attempting to imitate an episode of Man vs. Food).The pastrami was perfectly seasoned/cooked and the bread was very fresh. You get your choice of fries or potato salad as a side - both of which received kudos from our party.Afterwards, the manager stopped by to ensure everything was good and our server was kind enough to break our checks out individually (which she offered to do upfront without us asking).I will be honest - I'm somewhat picky when it comes to deli's. Jason's for me is okay, but nothing special. I can make a comparable sandwich at home, so there is nothing unique to draw me there. Gandolfo's NY Deli has also left me unimpressed.I would highly recommend Archie's to anyone for some excellent NY deli-style sandwiches...just bring a big appetite with you. Move over, Chompies...you have some competition.
4	Ate here for the first time today!  Wow, the food was so yummy!  The pickles were some of the best I've had in a long time.  The wait staff was friendly and very helpful.  The homemade mozzarella cheese was very tasty.  One word of warning...the sandwiches are huge!  Go there hungry.
3	Went here with my mother and father earlier this week.  It absolutly still looks like a Village Inn, and the cavernous nature, when there are only a few tables full, is a litlte bizarre.  Basically, wherever you sit, you can see the entire restaurant.  I don't like that.The service was good.  We ordered a couple of Dr. Brown's and sat back to decipher the menu.  Lots of good Jewish food on there.  Mom and Dad opted to split a reuben.  My father is notorious for ordering Reubens then saying "It's not as good as Stan's," an old deli is Scottsdale.  I got the meat platter, which had corned beef, pastrami, and tounge, as well swiss, potato salad and cole slaw.  I knew it was going to be way too much food, but I figured I'd get a taste of everything.  I ordered some kugel, which we ate as an appetizer.  The server asked me if i wanted it cold or microwaved.  I would much prefer "would you like it cold or warm."  I don't want to know you're just going to nuke it.  I'd prefer to think it came straight out of the oven.  I have to say, the kugel is outstanding.  The meat was quite good, though a touch dry. Pastrami had good fat content and look good.  The corned beef had nice marbling and a good flavor.  The tounge, whch I don't normally eat, was also good.  The salads were workable as well.  Dad seemed to enjoy his reuben, and didn't make any negative comments, which means it was excellent.  Overall, the experience was good, but it was slow.  I'm sure it doesn't help that they don't even have a lighted sign (mom and dad drove right past it).  It looks like a work in process inside, but the food seems to be on the money.
2	Today a couple of coworkers and I decided to dine at Archies, one of which had never been there before. Because the sandwich I got the first time was so good, I figured hey, let's go to Archies and I'll get a half of a sandwich and you can tell me what you think.  If you've been to Archies, you know the whole sandwiches are large and very tasty. You can read my first review for the details on that. However, if you're in the mood to save 3 or 4 bucks, or aren't entirely hungry for a giant sandwich, I suggest you head to paradise bakery or pretty much anywhere else if all you're looking for is a half. You'll see why below.The menu selection for a half a sandwich and a side was considerably smaller than the regular sandwiches, and they come with fries or coleslaw etc... The prices range from $6-7.5, which isn't too bad.  However, this is where the bad comes in. We all ordered half sandwiches: ham, turkey, and pastrami. When we received the sandwiches we all had the OK...  :-\ sad face look. The sandwich was nothing but some slices of meat in between two pieces of rye bread. They didn't come with any condiments at all, no cheese, no lettuce, no tomatoes or mayonnaise, nothing. Nor were we offered any condiments. I don't know if it's the fault of the waitress for not asking us what we wanted on our sandwiches (or our fault for assuming a sandwich would come with condiments), or if they just don't offer it, but that's something that's kind of important for a sandwich, otherwise it's not even a sandwich, it's bread and meat, like a giant size lunchable served with fries. Nor were we given the choice of bread type. I don't know if you've tried it, but Ham on Rye isn't exactly the best combo. Besides the apparent lack of variety, the bread seemed freshly baked, but was rather chewy and the crust was near inedible due to the sheer amount of force required to rip it. I felt like a little kid eating inside the crust lines of a pb and j sandwich (with more of a wince than the smile you get from the sweetness of jelly). Sadly, I get the feeling that the half sandwich menu is designed to make you think you're getting a deal, however, it's designed to be the highest profit margin section of the sandwich menu with no expensive extras like cheese or vegetables on the sandwich. Until this place offers half of a "true" sandwich, I won't be coming back. The sad excuse for a sandwich was not a good first impression for my other co worker, and I doubt he'll stop by again any time soon. Unless you're catering to the senior crowd with no taste buds, your second half of your sandwich menu needs an overhaul. Step it up Archies, your new location is in a deserted shopping center, and I'd hate to see you be just another mark on the hit list of struggling/soon to be closing mom and pop shops.
5	I found Archies far better then the big name deli in town (chompies)great food and helpIf you try it once ,you will come back for more
3	Can't go wrong with a sandwich here! Turkey Reuben was perfectly grilled and just the right amount of coleslaw & sauce. Love their potato salad and fries.The service was good and everything I tasted was great.  Why 3 stars you ask?  The decor is weak and the prices are high.  I don't think they can compete with Chompies & Jason's Deli.  We went on a Friday night and it was pretty dead.  It seems their take-out business is busy though, they were very busy packing up orders to go.
4	After 2 recent visits to Archie's I decided to yelp about this place because they are pretty awesome. I used to eat at this place when it was a village inn , so theres a bit of nostalgia. I'm not sure if they are considered a "Jewish" deli but they have all sort of yummy Jewish specialties like Kugel and Matzo ball soup. Anyway, I've had their "Dutchy's" Pastrami Deluxe sandwich and it was to die for. Home-made toasted rye bread, excellent russian dressing, some of the best cole-slaw I have ever had, and the hot pastrami was piled at least 4 inches high. The thing that made the sandwich standout so much was the fact that the pastrami was no fatty or chewy, but still melted in your mouth. The french fries were thick-cut and seasoned with kosher salt, pretty solid but the side of ranch dressing I got was sub-par. On my next visit I had a cheese-steak hoagie. This thing was massive, and the steak was juicy and tender despite the meat being lean and not fatty. It was served on a nice sesame wheat bun. My dad had their matzo ball soup which is homemade and light and tasty, unlike allot of places where the matzo ball is dense and boring. He also had half of a Reuben and it was just as generous as the full-size sandwich except cut in half. Their corned-beef is excellent and not fatty or greasy like their other meats.   On both visits the service was prompt and friendly and our drinks were kept refilled constantly. On the first visit our really new waiter made a couple goofs but fixed his errors quickly enough. The thing I like the most about this place is that it beats the crap out of Chompie's (another popular "Jewish" deli/diner), in my opinion. I've been going to Chompie's for many, many years and we have almost always had bad, painstakingly slow service and borderline rude wait-staff. You would think they would fix it but our complaints have always fallen on deaf-ears.  I can walk into Archie's and get immediately waited on, then have yummy food in under 15 minutes. They also have tons of home-made and imported baked goodies. I can attest that they brownie was pretty awesome. I want to try their breakfast and their bagels which are imported from NY apparently. Very, very solid place, almost perfect, the food is great but the decor and tables could use updating, the new wait-staff will get better over time as well I'm sure.
3	Randomly decided to eat here after a failed attempt at the Farmer's Market down the street...sandwiches were tasty, but not sure about $11 each tasty?! We had a club and some sort of turkey sandwich w/roasted onions, both with sides of fries. Before you order they set down a bowl of pickled green tomatoes and pickles. As my friend said: they're trying to hard to make a special pickle. Maybe you just crack open a jar of Vlasic's.Now, the service absolutely sucked. No drink refills and nobody cared how we were doing or if we liked the food. We had to venture behind the counter ourselves to find a to-go box and paying the check took forrrrrrever! Had we pulled a dine and dash, nobody would've noticed.We decided to take dessert with us--which involved browsing at the counter. Now, suddenly, there were 4 people at the counter hovering. It became so awkward that we just chose something and left.Not too sure what red velvet is actually supposed to taste like, but this cupcake had absolutely no flavor. Nothing. Mixed opinions on the cream cheese frosting. The macaroon was pretty yummy overall.
5	OK I Grew up in LA and there are plenty good Deli's, here in Phoenix there are only a few, and Archie's is one of them.  The 1/2 sour pickles are great, then comes the Matzo Ball soup (Yes they float), made me feel like grandma just made it for me.  Lets talk Meat The "Double Jeopardy" Holds 1/2 LB of Pastrami and 1/2 lb of Coned beef on 2 slices of rye with a slice of Pumpernickel in the middle. One of the best Sandwiches I ever had! Sorry no room for desert, but don't let that stop you.
2	The only reason I know about this place is because a groupon was offered a few months back. I used to live in this area of Tempe but never noticed this place before, even though its in a pretty big building. I was expecting it to be in like a strip mall and a smaller space. I looked at the menu before going and the vegetarian sandwiches sounded pretty good. And there was more than one, so I figured why not try it out. I would have been better off skipping this one.So my husband and I went in about 6pm and we were the only people in there, which always makes me uncomfortable. My husband asked the guy if its always this dead and he didn't really give us an answer which makes me believe that the staff doesn't have much to do all day. Three more parties came in while we were still there. The service was fast, I'll give them that. I have been to some places before where its been pretty dead, and the service is slower than it should be. So the girl comes out with a plate of pickles and takes our drink order. My husband tasted the pickles first and told me they were super salty. So I tasted them, and they tasted like they were dipped in salt. There were also a couple wedges of what looked like tomato? But I was too afraid to try them to be sure. Then she comes back and takes our order. I got a vegetarian hash with some rye toast. I thought all sandwiches came with a side, but mine didn't. Which is fine, I wasn't that hungry anyway. My husband got a mozzarella, tomato, and italian bread sandwich with a side of fries. My hash was not what I thought it would be. When you think of a hash, you think crispy potatoes, full of veggies, and just really tasty. Mine was none of those things. It was mushy potatoes, and little tiny bits of vegetables. The rye was decent. Nothing special. My husbands sandwich was better than mine. I wish I had gotten something else. The waitress even asked how it was, and I told her it wasn't anything special.Most of the sandwiches are really overpriced. Most of the non vegetarian sandwiches were around $11, which seems really steep for this kind of place. Maybe they have to make up for the fact that they have no business? I don't know. This place would probably do better in an only take out environment in a smaller space and lowered the price of their sandwiches to a more reasonable price. I doubt I will be back unless someone else pays for the meal. The food was not good enough that I was like "I need to come back here tomorrow!" and it was really expensive for what it was, even though the portions were pretty big.
4	The good- I've finally found a real Jewish deli in Arizona.  Coming from California I was spoiled by the Katella Deli.  The food was great with great variety.The bad- I got a Yelp coupon for 10% off and the waitress forgot to apply it.  Then when I asked her to fix it and add a cupcake to go, she still forgot to apply it.Overall- well worth it if you're jonesing for generous sandwiches.
4	The sandwiches are tasty! The portions are huge, fries are delish and the service is pretty good. The counter display in the front is a little sad but everything else was great. This is a great place for me because its close by and quick. No more fast food junk. Yay! Be sure to mention yelp and get half off a second full sandwich. :D
3	Mixed reviews on this board, but I enjoyed my food and my server was beyond excellent. I had a barbecued brisket sandwich on rye with coleslaw on the sandwich. I also had some Latkes which were cooked perfectly. Iced tea was constantly refilled. I do agree with other reviewers that t was all a buck or two more than I would like to spend on a sandwich. And the atmosphere was a little sanitized as well... a little too cold, or open-air, or something. But the menu is pretty extensive and you can find pretty much anything you're hankerin' for.
3	I have been looking for a New York style deli like Katz's where the pastrami is made in house, etc.. Still have not found it but Archies will do in a pinch. I tried the JP Pastrami on rye with mustard and it was big and tasty. I also tried the cheese steak hoagie. The hoagie was big and well made with lettuce, onions, tomato and all but the beef was a bit chewy. Not the highest quality meat but over all a tasty sandwich that was so big I could only eat half. The cole slaw is pretty good too. I will return to try something else. Archies will be my go to deli when I'm not feeling Jason's. I'll continue to look for a deli with meats made in house and sliced thick and juicy. OK, I've made myself hungry so maybe another trip to Archies is in order. Oh, I almost forgot, they are a little pricey.
2	Stale bread, WAYYYYYYY to expensive for what they are really offering.  If you want an expensive Jewish Deli, go to Chompies.  At least their pickles and food are good!  I have been to Archie's 3 times, apparently because I am a glutton for punishment and they are close to my work...  Over and over again, too expensive, not fresh or flavorful, and this time we even had a poor waitress.  Poor girl, probably couldn't get behind the terrible and overpriced food...
1	This place is closed. I got a refund on my Groupon. Perhaps the one in Surprise is still in business (?), but I'm in Ahwatukee, and there's no way I'm driving that far, especially with the poor reviews others have given this location. I checked their website, and there is no indication there that the Tempe location is closed.
3	Finally decided to check this place out after driving by it everyday on the way to work. When I pulled up I could see signs on the door stating they have closed, I assume for good.  Odd since I checked out their website before visiting and it gives no indication that the Tempe location is closed, I wonder if the other location is done for also?  I called their number on my cell phone and it came back as disconnected.  I'll notify yelp next.
5	So good and best chicken liver!!!!!
