1	I would give the place 0 stars if that was an option. My wife took a shirt there to have cleaned that she borrowed from a friend. She wanted to clean it before she returned it. When she went to pick it up, it has damage done to it that was not previously there. She confronted the manager about it and asked him what happened. He responded by calling her a liar and literally YELLING at her in her face in front of a store full of customers. She then asked for her $2.50 back and he refused. He then snatched the shirt from her, refusing to give it back. Then shuffled her out of the store yelling at her. She had to call the police to get her shirt back. The owner denied anything even happened. What a liar, and a crummy way to run a business. Places like this dont last long with business practices like these. :(
4	A family owned dry cleaner, Jun who runs "front of the house" is very helpful and friendly.I don't know how she does it, but she always remembers my name and I'm not in the shop that often!They are good and timely with their dry cleaning; sometimes the alterations take a little longer than anticipated, particularly if the item is an expensive St. John knit pant or skirt; guess that needs to be partially hand-sewn. Other wise, hems on fabric pants have a pretty quick turn-around.Would I recommend them? Sure, plus they are on my route going home, so I have the added bonus of convenience.
1	I took an expensive evening dress here to get cleaned and they ruined the hem on it by ripping it apart.  They not only wouldn't take responsibility for it, but the woman in the front of the store raised her voice at me and told me that if the dress was than important to me, I shouldn't have brought it them to clean in the first place.  They refused to repair it or refund me the cleaning.  I will NEVER recommend them to anyone, but will continue to tell everyone to NOT go there for any reason.  Your better off cleaning it yourself than taking it to them.
2	Formerly used this cleaners for a few years.  Friendly staff.  Limited english, but they get by.  The prices have went up while the service is average.  For me it nearly doubled in price.  There are better options out there.
5	i always go here!!!
5	I have been to this place 3 different times and I always receive quick and great service. I first came here praying for a miracle that they would be able to get a coffee and protein shake stain out of an all white expensive down comforter.  They came through for me. Since,  I have taken it to Several different Cleaners just for convenience and they were disappointing compared to this place.  It may look a little disorganized but the quality of their work is unmatched.
