4	They do a good job and they will come back out to retreat if you see any bugs.  From time to time I have needed them to come back because of scorpions which they gladly do.  I have used them since I moved into my house in 2001 and their prices seems fair.
5	I've been using Preventive Pest Control for years.  We dont have monthly service because we are cautious with the amount of chemical we use on our home and they are very accommodating.  They use an organic pest control solution that is derived from the chrysanthemum flower which is great because we have kids and pets that we prefer to limit exposure to.  They are really knowledgeable and can schedule me when I need them.
5	We've been using Preventive Pest Control for a year and they have always been prompt and courteous on every visit. Anytime we noticed any bugs between visits, they have been quick to come out and spray again. That's only happened once but it is good to know that they stand by their guarantee. Also the service people are very friendly and a good reflection of a professional company.
1	Had high hopes as they provided a every other month service. Unfortunately trying to get them to do what they promise to do, and/or show up is a different matter.Initial phone call was told that they will always call to confirm your appt.  Will treat both inside & outside of home. First tax. Never knew about it. No call. Found out because I found the crinkled, dirty receipt in my front yard bushes. Weeks after the date indicated on the weathered receipt. Called and asked how they could've treated the backyard as there is a lock on the gate?  Office worker who answered the phone was friendly, and worked with me in regards to my bill, and sending someone out a few days later to treat my backyard.Never received a confirm phone call, but figured as I had Just talked to them four days earlier it was not too big of a deal. Well, I should've confirmed because no one showed up. I couldn't believe it. I left work early to be home & a no show. As it was "after hours" for the office I left a message. They called back two days later. Again the office gal was friendly and apologetic, we rescheduled for another date and a later time so I would not have to miss any more work than I had to.  I got out of work late & knew I would not make the 415 time so I asked my mother to go to my home and wait for the pc guy. At 5:00 pm my mom calls to say they hadn't shown up, so she had called them. She was told by the office person that the appt. was made for between 500 and 600 pm and someone would show up. I arrived home at 545' still no one had shown up. I called the office then and at 630pm to let them know no one had called, nor had shown up and I would NO longer be requiring the use of their "services."It is terribly frustrating to deal with such unprofessional, inconsiderate, and non-communicative companies and the people they employ, who could care less about serving their customers.I would NOT recommend this company at all.
5	Really great service! The guy who comes to spray is very personable, funny, and professional. And - what counts most - no bugs! Haven't seen anything - I mean anything - since about a month after service started. A year later, all is well.
5	My family has been using Preventive Pest Control for years. The guy that services our home is reliable. He's there every other week as promised and the guy Is really nice.
