3	We visit here about once a month or so. Staff is nice, sometimes they are understaffed so it might take a little longer. I always enjoy breakfast food for other meals. Pancakes, hashbrowns and eggs.
3	There is a new IHOP on Baseline Road near Val Vista, and that is what I am reviewing. Same menu as every other IHOP and, since it is new, it was a bit crowded and understaffed on a recent Sunday morning (around 10). We were told the wait for two would be 15 minutes. It was 30. OK, we can live with that. We were escorted to a table on the patio. Suddenly the hostess stops and says, "Well, there was a table." She was looking at a mature couple browsing menus. "Was that supposed to be our table?" I said. She nodded. The patio happens to be in front and if you open the gate, you can head right in and easily bypass the hostess station inside. So we had been table-jacked. OK, it happens. But the staff did nothing but escort us back inside and thank us for our patience. When we were seated 10 minutes later (after a few groups were seated ahead of us), we waited another 5 minutes for a server, and another 10 minutes elapsed before she returned with coffee and to take our order. We got out of there at around 11:30. Ninety minutes for breakfast. OK, it happens. But not once did anyone come by to apologize, or offer us free muffins or something. Nor did they approach the couple behind the table-jacking (meaning they waited 0 minutes for breakfast, compared to our 40 by playing by the rules).  So no, we won't be back. We will happily return to JP's Pancakes just across the way, a smaller, more personable place. And their baked pancakes really are excellent and worth the 20-minute wait.
2	Not impressed.  Food ok service ware was dirty.
5	Good food ....fair prices ....clean ...good service...excellent menu ...open 24 hours ....nice location ...and Kate and Felicity are 2 of the most pleasant servers ever!  The rest of the staff are terrific also...What's not to love?
3	Busy place ~ pretty clean ~ friendly enough staff. Pretty predictable ~ good food for reasonable prices.It a blessing to have a nice inexpensive place nearby.  : ) KC
3	Great place to have breakfast and take the kidsServers are nice and the bacon is pretty good.If you can't think of anything for dinner, this place is OK and typically they have deals for the kids.
1	Very poor service, I was seated for 20 min before they took my order or even offered me a beverage. I would have left but did not want to deal with a disappointed 3 year old. I will not return to this location and will not leave a tip of any amount. I have been here before, with good service, not sure what happened.
5	The folks here are the best!
1	Went to dinner with three girlfriends.  Horrible experience.  Ice tea tasted horrible, and had to ask for replacement.  Only given two plates to share appetizer  for 3 people.  Waitress ignored our table, though the place had only two other tables seated.  Hair found in food.  Quality of food mediocre.  Won't be going back.
1	We have had so many ups and downs at this IHop. This morning was the worst one yet. I ordered the chicken that came with a biscuit with gravy.  The chicken was hot and the biscuit was ice cold, topped with ice cold gravy.  Our server was at another table, so after the manager dropped off food at a table next to ours, we flagged her over, asking for a hot biscuit with hot gravy.  She put her hands on her hips and said, "well, that's the last biscuit and gravy we had".  I think I had the most shocked look on my face, as she offered to reheat the chicken (which was was hot) and the eggs, leaving the biscuit off completely. She didn't offer toast or a pancake, no alternative, nothing... My response was "I just want hot food" as she says "well, I can't do anything about that".  So I handed her my plate of food, that had taken only 1 bite of the chicken, and asked her to take it off of my check.  Alice never offered to bring anything else, no apologies, nothing.  Our server, Nichole, was great, she quickly came over, apologized, and then apologized for how Alice acted, then brought me the name and phone number of their district manager (whom I am about to call in a few minutes.)  Funny how it seems that Alice is aware of her mismanagement, as she has now disappeared and is no longer carrying food to the tables, as she was before.
2	I've ate here quite a few times and it has been up and down with the food and service for me as well. I had a bug (gnat) in my water glass and when I pointed it out to our server she just said "oh" and brought me another glass but no apology was offered. That was probably my worst experience here, but it's not the food that's the problem for me and mine when we go it's the terrible service.
4	Invitation to breakfast. At an I-Hop. OK, so they have ok breakfasts. Traditional. Eggs, bacon, hash browns, hotcakes, toast, coffee and OJ. I was hungry. Eggs were cooked just as I requested. Two slices of crisp bacon. Two medium hotcakes. Butter and syrup.  All good. Not spectacular, but a good solid breakfast. I am full and happy. Now back to work.
1	Absolute worse service ever!
2	It's IHOP, do you really want to read my review on the largest chain ever? come here for breakfast, it's satisfying. And if you're coming here for lunch or breakfast......you must be lost or scared of the local restaurants.
3	Consistent food and service.  The new red velvet pancakes were surprisingly better then anticipated.
1	---------------------CHICKEN & AWFULS---------------------------------------------------------Please, Please,  Please for the Love of all things food related, SAVE your money and AVOID this IHOP.Our experience was as follows:This was our 1st time going to this IHOP. It was 8:45 pm on June 5, 2013 we had 3 members in our dinner party.The restaurant was empty except for the staff, it was clean and our waitress  was very kind and friendly.  We sat down and our waitress was prompt and courteous, she gets 5 stars ;)She took our order correctly.Two out of the three meals that were ordered were served as expected and went off without a hitch the third meal was 100% fail. All kitchen side issues.What was ordered:Chicken and Waffles + a House saladWhat went wrong:1.The House Salad on the menu Pictures fresh bowl of garden greens with shredded carrot , Croutons and 2ish or so red onion slices. What came to the table however was like iceberg lettuce "salad in a bag" style with croutons and nothing else.(Still Ok , at this point,  still acceptable for this level of eatery despite the Misleading menu Images)  2. Just so you know the IHOP menu describing chicken and waffles reads:"We pair up four all-white-meat golden chicken strips -- breaded and crispy-fried, with four waffle quarters (topped with whipped butter!) for a one-of-a-kind meal. Dip your strips in honey mustard sauce, or your choice of dipping sauce."The waitress brought the "Chicken" part of the chicken and waffles, looking extremely underwhelming and pale, ALONE on a plate. Just "Bam" a plate of very pale chicken strips and no waffles whatsoever, or even garnish. Just Ugly Pale chicken all lonely and sad.She then explained that the kitchen failed to cook the waffles, and that the waffles were NOT ready because they didn't even have the waffle cooker on at that point.About 10 minutes later, still no waffle, just a nearly 9$ plate of pale sadness.I decided to walk my pale plate of  "Just chicken" over to the manager. He was very busy ( No he wasn't ) chatting with a female staff member near the soda machines,  I said "Look at my chicken and chicken, I ordered chicken and waffles and this is just chicken, Im waiting and waiting and its still just chicken, how are you going to charge me almost 9$ for this? He Was polite and said he would remove the item from my bill, I looked at the female he was talking too and said "can you feel me here?" and she said "yes".As I was returning to my table the "waffle" Arrived!However The Belgian waffle was a nasty mess (assuming it had something to do with the non-prepared waffle iron) it too, was extremely pale, soggy and 100% under cooked, when you picked it up with your finger, there was nothing crispy about it, it was just floppy and flacid.  An eggo waffle out of the freezer looks more appetizing, Words dont describe the fail of this "chicken and awful's" dinner.The waitress was embarrassed, I told her She was fantastic and gave her a good tip, poor thing. My True and honest impression of the problem was that the manager, albeit nice, seemed like a dopey doodah who was more interested in his young female staff than what sort of food was coming out of the window.EXTREMELY UNDERWHELMED, WONT BE GOING BACK
2	came here for breakfast on saturday morning.  It was busy but we were seated quickly.  Waited about 10 minutes for the waitress to see us, and then waited some more for the really bad coffe to come.  Food was ok.  Coffee is not worth the $2.19 each that you pay for it.  Waitress was condescending and snooty.  Technically polite, but you could tell her heart was not in it.Not sure if we would go back.......
2	My daughter and I decided to have breakfast out this morning. Big Mistake.We went to IHop because she loves pancakes and waffles. The restaurant was busy but we were still seated right away.  Our Server Kate came over promptly to get our drink orders. When she brought our drinks she got our food orders after that it kind of went downhill.It took 20minutes to get our food (pancakes with face and brioche french toast) shortly after we got our food and after we had ordered a 2nd chocolate milk my daughter tells me she has to use the restroom. (Daughter is 7 ) . When we return from the restroom our table has been bussed and there is someone else sitting there. We were not in the restroom that long. her pancake had not been eaten and I had only finished one piece of my french toast, als0 her 2nd chocolate milk had not been drank.I went  over to the hostess stand to say something and they were less than helpful.They did say sorry. I said that the check was still on the table as well as uneaten foodthen they handed me  my check. I was about to pay the whole tab and I was getting angrier for the lack of reaction from the Manager I told the manager that I did not think I should pay for my daughterspancakes since she did not get a chance to eat them.She removed them from the bill and her note on the check was "did not eat".I'm not sure what I expected but I will not be back.
5	They did a great job at serving us at 9 o'clock at night, even when we were the only ones there, they were really happy to be there. They even seemed happy even when the rush start coming in. Speedy service, great food, and amazing pancakes. I've been going here for a while and I've always enjoyed it.
4	I like IHOP for breakfast, but if you have kids and it is Friday night this is the place to go for dinner.  They usually have kids eat free deals at dinner time, and I finally found a dinner dish that is enjoyable.  The sirloin tips at IHop are great, they have caramelized onions and come with corn and mashed potatoes.  Kids enjoy themselves and everyone can find something to eat. Imagine being able to "relax" on a Friday night with kids in a restaurant.  If you time it right on Friday night, it is almost like you reserved the place for yourself and your family.
3	The food here was good and came out quick.  They seemed a little disorganized when it came to taking care of our larger than normal party which included 9 patrons.
3	This place is small and the service was so so the last couple of times. Expensive if your not an egg person.
1	Very disappointing location. My guess is that it is under poor management by their slow service, lack of food quality and overall disorganization.
4	I come to this specific location because of the server named William. He is the best. He provides great service and has a fantastic vibe, he seems very genuine! He is very kind. He is fast and asks about the quality of the food, He has made sure to make everyone comfortable. The reason for only four stars is because my party was served by another server named Clinton. He had a terrible vibe. He didn't talk with us at all, let alone smile.. I asked for lemons to go with my water, he proceeded to add it to my tab under "Avocados".. The countless times I've been here I've had nothing short of a good time. I was not expecting to be charged for my request seeing as I've never been charged for it, they were extra lemons not just for myself, but for everyone at the table. He should brighten up a lot..! I'd give him 0 stars if I could but I feel as though this rate is for the establishment rather than the person. From now on I will not eat here if he is the only server on duty, I will go somewhere else, or request a different server.
