5	Wow. Very impressed. There's a reason I had to call 5 times before I got a seat. Byow... But the food is good. This isn't for the l'academie crowd.
5	Simply amazing.  Every dish was delicious from the seared Marlin and duck tartare to the aged filet and veal chop.  The service is superb.  Given all that plus BYOB (wine) it can be the best value for a very good meal
5	This review comes a little late, as we visited last August-- so almost 6 months ago, but this was possibly one of the best meals I've had for the price in my life.The server did an incredible job of explaining the specials and was happy to elaborate when we had questions.I really will have to apologize because since it was so long ago, I can't remember exactly what we had, but I'll do my best. I had a foie gras dish that was out of this world, my rabbit for my main was tender and juicy served with andouille sausage. My boyfriend had the surf and turf that was served with a roast duck leg instead of steak, which was a really nice twist and a lobster tail. Even the salads, which on a price fixe menu can be boring, were lovely-- the pickled vegetables in them added a little acidic zip.Basically, we had a fantastic multi course meal for under $100. We tipped well since there was no corkage on the wine and everything was wonderful.. The ambiance was small and humble, but I really can't fault this place for anything. Especially the value. We will most certainly be back the next time we're in Montreal and I'll urge all my foodie friends to visit for a memorable dining experience.
5	Not be redundant, but like everyone else, I have to give this place 5 or more stars. Excellent spot in the Plateau. Everything about it - food, service, atmosphere - is tops.Starting with the food - they offer 3 courses: appetizer, main, and dessert. Do at least the first two, if you can go for the dessert, and have a coffee. From the appetizer menu, we had the octopus tart and the scallop. The tart had three chunks of perfectly done octopus on top of a pastry along with caramelized onions, tomato confit, and microgreens, served with a sour cream sauce infused with roasted garlic. The layers of flavors were terrific, incredibly balanced, and complimentary. The sauce in particular, with little salt, worked incredibly well with the dish. The scallop app was one big, juicy, perfectly seared sweet scallop in a pea puree. Fantastic. Tasted like spring.For the mains, we had the rabbit/lapin and the duck/canard. Both incredible. The rabbit dish is a leg, prepared two ways - on the bone, and stuffed with rabbit meat that tasted of bacon. The roasted squash puree was a great accompaniment to it. Savory, juicy, delicious perfection. The duck magret is prepared to order; we had it medium rare. It comes seared and sliced, served with a rustic fruit compote, and a delicious  barley with demi-glace sauce.For dessert, we had the apple crumble and the financier. The crumble was layered rounds of caramelized apple with rounds of pastry/cookie, served with a vanilla ice cream. The financier was our favorite, almond cake with a light cheese and served with a blueberry-maple sauce. the espresso was excellent as well.They have two seatings per night, at 6 and 9. They also serve lunch on weekdays. Reservations are a must, since they have limited space, and word is clearly out. We didn't know about this spot when we arrived in Montreal but within a week, two people recommended it to us.The service is gracious, friendly, accommodating (for those of us with limited French), and extremely attentive. They manage the seatings with incredible ease. The space is comfortable, laid-back, and unfussy.Last but not least - this is a BYO spot. You bring your own bottle of wine to have with your meal. As a result, I could hardly believe it when the bill came - the meal for two described came to just over $90. Located in a quiet area off the beaten path in the Plateau, I suspect this place will be very busy for a long time. In a city where we've had great meals, this was among the best experiences we've had.
4	Lunch Special!!Le Quartier General was fully packed on a weekday around 2 pm! If you are coming with a group, reservation is strongly recommended! But since I was alone, I just waited a few minute before I got seated.$20 prix menu with a choice of appetizer and main and if one still have room for dessert is $5. With the help of my waiter, I ordered the Tartare of the Day: Scallop and Meat of the Day: Bison with 1/2 frites and salad. Both were well prepared and delicious!! Service here is excellent! My waiter is attentive and so friendly!! I am definitely going to come back here for dinner as they have prix menu for dinner too!! The menu changes regularly since the ingredients are seasonal and sourced locally!And I will be making a reservation and yes I will be ordering that foie gras appetizer!!
5	Qua tier general is the best dining experience we've had in a long time. I was in town for a couple of nights and A friend of mine got us a reso at 9 pm on a Tuesday night and the place was packed! We brought our own wine and no corking fees were charged! Awesome! The food was incredible and the service was even better! Every person who touched our table was absolutely fantastic.  There are no menus at this restaurant but the servers do such a great job explaining each dish for you. I can't say enough to praise this place. They're doing everything right and it shows by the crowd that is there everyday and popularity it's gained. Great job!!
5	The best.  Absolutely.  One million times.  One of the top 5 meals I have had in my lifetime.    Go there - do it.
5	Hands down the best BYOW resto in Mtl. bar none. the food is amazing (i would stay away from the duck liver, cooking was not perfect) and the prices are very good for this type of resto.they always have a nice selction of appetizers and entrees; i always end up taking the  5 course menu and its always UNDER 50$never wrote a review before for this resto but i've been there for lunches, dinners and never was disapointed!!5 stars to U
5	Great new place off the beaten path.I had lunch here for the pre-fix price of $20.It came with appetizer, main course and cappuccino The food is awesome and so is the atmosphere. Dinner is usually busier so try lunch here if you can.All the dishes are seasoned perfectly and no minor details are missed here in the food.
4	Yum yum yuuuummmm!After listening to people rave about this place for the last five years, we finally tried it out!Holy yumminess is all I can really say...We went on a random Tuesday evening, and let me tell you, this place was PACKED. The ambiance is really cozy - menus on the walls, dark lighting, and it's a BYOW!We had the full course meal, and both tried different things off the menu - everything was deliciously phenomenal. A tad bit pricy, but not expensive for the quality of food being served. Possibly one of the best BYOWs in Montreal.You've gotta try it, but don't forget to make a reservation!ps. The pineapple cheesecake was soooo delicious......
5	Yes.  I said it.  5 stars!  We are Montreal regulars as our best friend lives in the city so we are no strangers to the food scene.  Each visit, I gruelingly scan every board, article and website to decide on where we will be feasting while we are in town. LQG has been on my radar for awhile, but this time, we finally took the plunge.  We were a party of 5 on a Fri night and yes, I booked my reservation two weeks in advance. We took later 9 PM seating.  Arrived on-time, with our wines (2 white, 2 red and a sparkling) and the waiter was quick to get us seated and drinking! He was French, from France I believe, and he was kind enough to read us the entire menu in English even though only 2 in the party needed the translation.  The tartare for the night was duck and it was delish. For entree I did the short rib which was equally as good.  My husband did the venison which was perfectly cooked as per the chef.  The desserts were equally as good.  The lemon tart was to-die-for. LQG feels like home, which is the best compliment I can give a restaurant.  We didn't want to leave and we werent forced to. Perfect size, perfect decor, perfect staff -- I can't say enough about this place.  Go!!
4	This is a nice concept. Bring your own bottle. We stopped by SAO and got us a bottle of a Saint emilion red wine. It was very good. The service was good as we were seated immediately. We started out with the lamb carpaccio. I think you have to acquire the taste. Then we had main course -veal chop. It was tasty. The dessert was chcocalate something. See photo
5	Service really good. they will describe the menu for you, so don't have to be worry if you can't speak French. The food is fabulous. Everything here is worth to try.
5	At Le Quartier General, for $50 you will be served a 4 course menu with 1 Michelin star rated quality of food. That should be enough to convince anyone to run there as fast as possible. This place is the best value I've ever seen. Not only is the food incredibly priced but it's Byob which makes it an absolute must go for anyone in the vicinity of Montreal.I am still wondering how those guys make money. I guess the fact that they're booked up every night including on a Sunday helps. Now about the food. We first started with a soup, served cold. Tbh when I tasted the soup I was like "Fuck, that was a bad pick".. And then I got my seared foie gras. Perfectly cooked. Super flavorful. Fantastic. The foie gras was followed by a rabbit prepared carefully with a great presentation. Very good flavors. My gf had a memorable Arctic char. The photo does not reflect how amazing that fish was. It's gotta be one of those dishes you remember for good as one of the best you've had ever. Spectacular and surprising flavors. The desserts were also awesome and the drinks we brought made the experience even more fun. What a gem!
4	Quaint restaurant that appears to be frequented by locals. The cuisine is simple, fresh, and thoughtfully prepared.  I had the carrot soup, beef with risotto and creme brulee, and my date had the zucchini flower app and rabbit with carrot puree. The beef cut was surprisingly served on top a large bone and the risotto had a rustic preparation. The rabbit was flavorful and tender.  We enjoyed that we could bring our own wine and that it was an intimate setting -- great for a date.
5	This is the kind of place you can BYOB! This is a true french restaurant. Everything is in french and it was cute how the waitress explained everything in English for me. I came here for lunch (but I hear it's a great deal for dinner and there's foie gras). The lunch entree and appetizer was 20 Canadian dollars. I ordered the tuna tartare and it was absolutely delicious! A dish that was appealing to my eyes with the perfect amount of vegetables, a slice of a purple egg, and the tuna was moist. I felt like I was falling in love with every bite. I ordered a beef steak with frites as my entree and the beef was cooked to perfection (definitely "medium"). The frites were delicious and loved their aioli sauce. I liked this restaurant a lot and would come back if I lived around here!
5	I LOVED this place, and am SO glad it was recommended to me by my host. This is French cuisine of fine quality, at a price that makes food like this otherwise inaccessible to many people. For only $12 on top of the entree price, you are treated to an appetizer and dessert. The decor is clean and modern, with an open kitchen that is fun to peak into. The service is highly trained. If the French is daunting for you, worry not, your waiter will very patiently describe to you everything that is being served that day. In terms of the appetizers, we loved everything! The salad was perfectly tossed and well balanced, the leek soup was refreshing. The short rib was absolutely delicious, the veal was melt in your mouth, fish was perfectly flakey, rabbit was seasoned perfectly (the only bad thing I can say about the entrees was the rabbit was a tad dry). The desserts were not as consistently wonderful -- while the chocolate mousse was absolutely divine, once you compared it to anything else, everything else was mildly disappointing. Make reservations as soon as you can, they are often fully seated at least a few days in advance. Another great perk -- BYOB! They will bring out an ice bucket to chill your white and rose, and serve anything you bring to them with finesse.
5	I can only dream of a day when I can have something similar with such amazing value while boasting high quality service and taste in my own neighborhood in Manhattan.... Yes... I still dream about this spot. My family, extended members (bil's gf, a boyfriend and so forth) and I enjoyed this true delight together. The food was unbeatable in quality and price. Dear lord, I can't get over how good everything was! They also had BYOB, and no corkage fee! Can you believe that? Yes, coming from Manhattan, everything is expensive. And perhaps if this type of sick-ass high deliciousness food with truly affordable pricing is the norm here in Montreal.... then perhaps its time for me to move! Correct. You heard me right. Or read me right? The food is so amazing at such a great price with not only BYOB but also complaint-free service? I might well uproot myself and move over to Montreal. Goodbye overpriced Manhattan! Hello tasty wallet friendly Montreal!
