1	Wow-I am writing this review because I have had a lot of frusterations at this location-mainly is just the pharamacy.  I only go to this location and gave it a star because it is conviently located and they have a drive thru that stays open fairly late.  I often debate whether or not to find a new location though... I have been going to this pharmacy location for several months and it seems to me that all of the pharmacy people are very short tempered-I don't understand why they all seem to have bad attitudes???  Something about what's going on with the staff in the pharmacy is not right.  I've had to go inside and complain to the manager it was so bad..he told me the day that I complained that I was the 3rd person to complain that day...shocking!!!  I wonder how many complaints they got the rest of that day or any other day for that matter...I went back probably a week later and their bad attitudes still persist..Unless you know exactly what you want and are ready for a quick in and out-double charge on your visa card at the drive thru pharamcy-I don't recommend filling scripts here on a regular basis!
3	As close as this Walgreens is to our house, I rarely come here.  Don't ask my why, it's just never on my radar.  It's a standard Walgreens and offers the same layout and products that others have.  My most recent visit was just after Easter.  We dropped by here on the way home from Church to pick up some Easter Candies that were on sale.  I love the after-holiday sales where you can pick up stuff at big discounts.I'll have to drop by more often.Return Factor - 60%
1	The last 3 times I've used the pharmacy I've had issues with them not running my insurance correctly even though my plan hasn't changed in years. They always make it seem like it's my fault and that I don't have coverage, when I do. The wait at the drive thru is too long which takes away from the convenience of it. On one occasion they asked me to come inside after 20 minutes in the drive thru and then wait in line again, all because of their mistakes. The staff don't appear knowledgeable. I think it's time to switch pharmacies. :(
2	Just go to Walgreens for deals. Pharmacy is o.k. - could be better, especially when your husband has diabetes and you NEED supplies. Front cashier, older lady, was AWFUL! You leave the store in a good mood but in order to check out you HAD to hear about how awful EVERY customer that has walked in that store was that day.I go to Walgreens only for one or two things since its so close, otherwise I would go to CVS if it was closer.
1	Just had the rudest worker at the pharmacy. The car ahead of us in the drive thru line took 20+ minutes. When it was our turn the tech asked our name, said hold on, was gone several minutes then we saw her grab her keys and drinks and leave. Several minutes later another tech came to the window. When I asked what happened she snapped at me!! Like its my fault that their customer service sucks?!
