4	First time getting takeout from this new place. We bought two triple samplers, six scoops of various chicken salads, and some pasta salad. The quality and taste if the chicken salads are extremely good, as is the pasta salad. On the negative side, this very attractive place won't last unless they keep their stock up to the demand (they were out of several types of chick salad, and could not sell any by the pound due to limited quantities). In addition, they were very slow, it took about. 20 minutes to receive my takeout order even though the restaurant was nearly empty. How long can it take to package six scoops and throw in sides of pasta? I hope they improve, the chicken salad is the best I have ever had (all six ).
4	Last weekend we did our go to Flip'n Chicken and noticed Chicken Salad Chick in the same shopping center.  We wanted to stop by on Sunday to check it out, but they were closed.Today we stopped by to get some to go.  We stopped by around 11:30 and had no issues getting the flavors we wanted, and a short wait.Kevin and I both ordered the three sampler, which is surprisingly a lot of chicken salad, we will likely make three or so meals out of it!  Which is a great deal for $8.95.Now onto the Chicken Salad:Buffalo Barclay - very mild but great flavorBarbie-Q - slight smokey flavor, good, but not our favorite.Olivia's old south (traditional with egg and pickles) - I liked the traditional flavor, bit still not the favoriteKickin Kay Lynne (buffalo, ranch, bacon, cheese, and jalapenos) - you would think this is a spicy one, but it was also very mild to me.  I didn't taste the bacon or jalapenos so much, it had a similar flavor to the buffalo one.  It had great flavor, probably one of our favorites (good thing we got two scoops of this one!)Pimento cheese - eh, stick to chicken salad.  It was just okay, almost too thick and lacks any kick (I guess you can't be surprised if the buffalo has no kick)Overall, great place to get different flavored chicken salad at a good value.  We will be back!
5	I saw this place reviewed in the Observer and have now been there twice for take out.  I think the triple sampler is a great deal under $9.  You can get any combination of three chicken salads and sides.  So far, I have tried the Carol's classic, the buffalo, and the Kay Lynne chicken salads.  I love all three of these, but I think the Kay Lynne is my favorite.  It has great flavor without being too hot.  I have also tried the the Pimento Cheese which was good and the Grape Salad which is sweet enough to be a dessert.  They offer chicken salad samples in small cups like an ice cream shop to help you decide what you want.  One pound containers of the most popular flavors are in a refrigerator by the counter where you place your order.  Once you place your order, the food is ready within 5 minutes.
4	I love chicken salad, so when I heard about this new place I was really excited to try it. A few coworkers & I went to pick it up for lunch and we all really enjoyed it. I got the chicken salad choice that has bacon, ranch & cheddar, it is really yummy. I also love the grape salad. We have gone back several times since & it's become our fav lunch spot. The only down side is, the place is super small, not a lot of tables and it's always crowded so we always take it to go.
5	1st time here and was very impressed.  I got the Chick Trio, which is a great value. I ordered the Buffalo Barclay and the Fancy Nancy salads and the grape salad. My husband ordered the Kicking Kay Lynne on sourdough with a pasta salad. Chick Trio- great value! You get a decent scoop of salad. Only give you 6 crackers, but I feel if I asked for more they would have no problem. I found there was a slightly lack of seasoning in both. Not a lot of Buffalo flavor and lacking some salt and pepper in the fancy Nancy. Overall good. Since hubby and I both got buffalo we asked for some buffalo sauce and they brought us some extra sauce on the side.The sauce is awesome! Wish they would have added more of it to the salad, but very easy to just add to whatever you are eating. The grape salad is amazing and I very much wanted to lick the cup when I was done.Sandwich- Sourdough bread was wonderful, soft fluffy perfect. Once again once the Buffalo sauce was added it was a perfect sandwich.  Pasta salad was very flavorful and very good. Portion sizes are great for the price. Service was very quick and responsive.  Overall great place and will be back.
4	Surprisingly really loved this place. I am not a person who generally likes things in their chicken salad but I really wanted to check this place out. I got the trio sampler with Luau Lydia (pineapple and macadamia nuts), Cranberry Kelli (cranberry and almonds) and Mimi's mix (apples and cashews). They were all very good but the Cranberry Kelli was my favorite. The one and only reason for 4 stars versus 5 stars is they do NOT put enough fruit in their chicken salad. We got maybe 3 pieces of fruit per scoop. Enough to let you know that if they put a proper amt in their it would be amazing! There is a lack of balance between nuts, fruit, and chicken salad. if they got that straightened out I would 100% give them 5 stars!!
5	Yum. Yum. Yum.I've craved lunch here every single day since my visit. And you know, I've never considered myself a chicken salad fan. Until now!  I ordered with Sassy Scotty with ranch, bacon and cheddar. So awesome. I've been googling my fingers off trying to find a copycat recipe. The grape "salad" is a wonderfully sweet dessert disguised as a salad. Portions are large. The price was fair. The interior is clean and attractive. The service was fast. What's not to love?And it gets better!  You get a free cookie with your meal:)
