5	i'm considering this law group to handle my traffic citation consisting of two moving charges. i called the office and was greeted promptly and fully briefed on all details by the person who answered the phone. so, far i am very satisfied with the knowledgeable, helpful staff. i wonder how this law group has not been reviewed before as it runs a deal that cannot be beat: they represent any citation for only $20 regardless of how many separate charges appear on each individual citation. i look fwd to updating my review later with a favorable outcome to my case but for now, i am very impressed with this business.update: i experienced two very successful outcomes to two different citations. beside the odd 'people skills' from the main receptionist, i cannot be more satisfied with this firm. i wish them nothing but continued success.
5	Great friendly service and is very helpful with my cases.  So far the lowest cost in fees compared to any other law offices. Outcomes are succesful.
5	Come on. This place is awesome. The Attorny, Pat Kang, was nice, speedy, and told me what I need to know in regards to a traffic ticket. 20$ for gods sake. Everywhere else is 50 plus. This is the place to go for traffic tickets. Hands down
5	These guys are absolute professionals and made the process extremely easy for me.  Use Ace Law Group with confidence!
4	Was visiting Vegas with family and driving around for the first time in NV. We got stopped by a troubled officer enroute Hoover Dam for speeding. And while he was at it, he stuck us another one for back seat seatbelt. Won't waste review space explaining why we thought it was all undeserved, but next steps were to fight this out from home in NY without having to be physically present in Vegas.Yelped and found Kang Associates (now Ace Law Group). They claimed $20 per citation and I had 2! The math worked but strangely only a couple of reviews so didn't know whether to believe it since it sounded too good to be true. Took a leap of faith and here I am with two very successful outcomes. Speeding ticket reduced to parking and seatbelt ticket waived!Highly recommend them if you need someone to take care of your traffic tickets! Agree with the review below about the weird first call with the main receptionist! But once we moved to email communication, everything flowed smoothly. Thank you guys!
5	For only $20 this is the best deal in town for traffic citations. Been using them for years and have not had any issues.
1	Terrible. Just terrible. Not even taking into account their extremely unprofessional and unknowledgeable receptionist this was hands down the worst experience I've had with a lawyer ever. I was pulled over for DUI about a year ago and hired Patrick because a friend was currently using him. That was a bad choice. I basically paid him just to hold my hand in the court room because he didn't work on my case at all. I could have gotten the same exact outcome if I would have done it myself. I spoke to another lawyer after the fact and he told me that there were obvious flaws in the police report that could have been used to my advantage to get out of the DUI. Kang also screwed my friend over with his DUI as well. ALSO he never told me that because I did a breath test that he could have gotten my license back for me temporarily the next day and he ALSO didn't let me know that I could get a restricted license after 45 days. He's AWFUL!! And did I mention the terrible receptionist? UGH don't hire him!
5	I don't give 5 stars too often but when I do it means I am, hands down, pleased with my experience and would go back. I would also highly recommend to any friend or family member.Long story short, I had a headache of an ordeal with my license and the dmv. Got sent back and forth and was given wrong information by several people at the dmv. I needed an attorney QUICK to amend a ticket that I didn't even know existed. Thankfully they reassured me that I was not the only person this has happened to and that they would take care of it right away. They quickly amended it and gave me all the paperwork the dmv kept asking for.The service was great as well. I had to deal with several people in their office because the dmv kept sending me back for more documents (wish they could've just asked for it all at once). Everyone was very good to me, especially their main attorney, Patrick. I was actually surprised that a small issue like mine was being dealt with by the main attorney, so I was really grateful.
5	Great consultation with Erica.  She is very smart and helpful.  And she cares!  I would definitely recommend this law firm and Erica in particular.
