5	Occasionally, when we couldn't get to the Cat Clinic on Saw Mill Run, I've taken TaiChi Kitty to this location on Liberty.Same great vet service, same great staff that loves and cares for kitty cats.Although this location was a little out of our way, the parking (all street parking) was definitely better than the Saw Mill Run parking options.Six of one or a half dozen of the other.TaiChi Kitty was always satisfied, either way.  "Just get me home momma!"
5	This is a vet for cats, not a vet for people. This staff is going to do what is best for your cat, make recommendations for the benefit of your cat, and that may not always be the most convenient thing for you, as a human person. However, if you love your cat(s), this is the place to be. One of my cats is extremely nervous in public situations, but always calms around the Dr. here. The doctor seems to talk to the cat in some secret mystical cat language. There is a real sense of cat community, from the portraits of the clinic's cats, to the bulletin board with cat-related notices, to the high-quality toys and treats for sale. Another of our cats went to the great litterbox in the sky at this office. This is a horrible, difficult, awful thing to live through. I miss him terribly every day, even though it has been years. I am very grateful that the Cat Clinic & their wonderful staff was there for us. I am not sure that any other vet would have held me and said comforting things while I sobbed, taken phone calls from my friend, and provided such solid E for Effort. I have always felt like we have received the best possible service here. Even though they are a bit more expensive than "budget" vets around town, the experience here has always been worth every penny. The peace of mind that comes from knowing you are doing the best by your pet is priceless to me. Cats don't have voices and cats can't make their own decisions about their health.
5	Dr. Bebko and the staff at the Cat Clinic are phenomenal. Over the last ten years they have guided us and our cats through several medical emergencies and the decline and death of our beloved Fergus. Dr. Bebko has spent time with us on the phone when we've had questions and he and the staff have always gone above what could be asked of them. And when, in Fergus's case, it was time to consider end of life care, they referred us to a wonderful hospice vet (Dr. Nancy Ruffing - Gentle Journey).Most importantly, everyone who works here loves and knows cats. While there are other good vets in the city, when I visited them, I got the sense that they were better equipped to treat dogs. Dogs are great, but dogs and cats are very, very different and veterinary knowledge about or skills with dogs are not transferable to cats.All of our cats (at present Audrey, in her late teens, and three just-over-a-year young boys) receive excellent care here -- I cannot stress enough how highly I recommend them.
2	Once I learned that Dr. Bebko charged twice as much as The Humane Society, I stopped taking my cat to the Cat Clinic. If you only need an annual examination and shots, go to The Humane Scoiety (and make a donation!). If you have an emergency, go to the VCA Castle Shannon Animal Hospital. For everything else, try the Cat Clinic. A day before a recent trip, my cat began behaving erratically. Because I live near the Cat Clinic and they had a same-day appointment available, I went there. I waited 40 minutes past my appointment time and I didn't appreciate Dr. Bebko's "doom and gloom" comments. I won't be returning if I can help it.
1	A local friend who considers Dr. Bebko an extraordinarily good vet checked and was told Dr. Bebko did consult with other out of area vets and would be happy to do that with my vet on behalf of my very sick kitty, but the cat's records would need to be faxed to him. My vet's office, here in Texas,  did so, and because the chest x-rays could only be sent via e-mail she called Dr. Bebko's office. She was told that Dr. Bebko did NO consultations regarding an animal he had not personally seen.  He added that she (my vet tech) was wasting his and her time, that Dr. Bebko would NOT be looking at the faxed information., and not to bother with the x-rays.  (Since my cat has a collapsed lung, records without x-rays are pretty useless.) When I reported this to my friend who had spoken so highly of Dr. Bebko, she called his office and was told the exact opposite...  Maybe the doctor IS good, but I'll never know because his office is either certifiably crazy or incredibly rude...maybe both.  And, yes, of course there are feline specialists right here in Texas, but I wanted THIS particular doctor because of my friend's recommendation.
5	Dr. Bebko and the Bloomfield Cat Clinic are fantastic!I started taking my cat Taro here about a year ago, after a disappointing experience with the Animal Rescue League vet. There needs to be a movie made about Dr. Bebko, the elusive Pittsburgh Cat Whisperer! He truly cares so much for cats - I never have to worry about negligence to detail when we visit. For instance, when Taro gets his shots and vaccines here, I notice that Dr. Bebko administers them to the parts of his body that have the least nerve endings (like the nape of his neck). While that seems obvious, I (and by I, I mean Taro) definitely appreciate this attention to detail. It seems that Taro's never that TARO-fied to go to the vet anymore!While I haven't had much experience with the rest of the staff, they seem to be relatively polite. The prices are definitely a bit higher than other vets I've seen, but I don't mind too much since Dr. Bebko is so good.
4	Dr. Bebko is wonderful, as is his tech staff.  He took care of my completely insane tabby even after getting hit with claws and poop, and he did it with a smile.  He solved a life-long issue of inappropriate peeing and explained everything thoroughly and thoughtfully along the way.  Dr. Bebko clearly cares about each of his patients and explores options other than just medicating.  A little pricey for the Pittsburgh area, but worth it.
1	Wow!  Talk about attitude on the phone!  After all the glowing reviews that I read on-line, I decided to call this place and schedule and appointment for my cat who has been having issues lately.  Due to my work schedule, I requested a Saturday appointment but was told that they don't take new clients on Saturdays.  When I explained my situation, I was told that those were the rules of the clinic and that there were no exceptions.  I asked about late hours but the latest appointment is at 6 PM.  I work until 6PM.  I asked about early morning appointments but was told that they begin see patients at 10 AM.  I start work at 9 AM.  I was then told that I should take a day off to bring the cat in for an exam.  When I expressed my frustration, I was told, "Well, I'm sorry.  We reserve our Saturdays for existing clients only." I replied that I would have been a client if they were willing to accommodate me.  I got a snippy, "Well, I'm sorry."  Never mind!  I don't need to receive attitude from a receptionist.  Clearly, they don't  need my business.
5	I wish I could say that my girls love Dr Bebko, but alas they are little Mogwai that turn into gremlins as soon as I pull out the vet crates... Dr B. is however vary gracious in his acceptance of their apparent disdain. And, as my girls are frothing at the mouth and yowling like rabid dogs, Dr B is calm, caring, and soothing... To no avail, but he tries...They have great customer service too! I forgot all of my paperwork in my haste to get my monsters out of there before they started multiplying, and they called me and sent it all to me the next day!Great vet! (P.S. We are working on desensitizing the monsters to the crates/car... I really think it is the car ride that upsets them, not Dr. B's)
5	I brought my little kitty Molly here about a year ago and was so impressed with the Cat Clinic! I feel that most vets know a lot about dogs and just a little about cats, but needless to say, the Cat Clinic is very different. We were having trouble with Molly and our other cat getting along, and the doctor gave very helpful advice.I would definitely come back here again.
2	I brought my sick kitty here who was vomitting and had diahhrea for a few days and the Dr we saw was like "so what do you want to do" and I was thinking well thats why I am here to ask for your professional advise. I felt like I spent $100 for absolutely nothing. I would not recommend this clinic for any legit issues, I am sure they are fine for a vaccination or routine check up but I would never allow them to treat one my sick babies. I had taken my lil girl to the AVETS clinic over the holiday and they stabilized her and asked us to F/U with a primary Vet (clearly something significant was going on), the visit I had was a total sham I felt it was useless and I found a new Vet to care for my lil ones.
5	It all began when I discovered 4 tiny, goopy eyed baby kittens in my garage. Their eye and respiratory infections were clearly very, very bad. We called the Cat Clinic, and they talked us through all the options we had regarding the kittens (ie leaving them where they are, bringing them to the vet and putting them back with their mother and attempting to give medications, bringing them indoors, etc). They allowed us to bring all 4 in at once, and gave us complete instructions on caring for 4 3-4 week old kittens. We were in the Cat Clinic almost weekly tracking their progress for the first month. They were amazing, remembered all the kittens names (which isn't easy) and the cost was reasonable. Now our house is ran by 4 crazy brothers, and we still go to the Cat Clinic. If I ever have to bring in just one of the boys for anything, they always ask about the other 3. In fact, one of my boys has FVR and I had to bring him in alone for some antibiotics for a pretty terrible flair up. I had recently taken one of his brothers to PVSEC for a broken leg. As soon as I walked in door all the employees were there asking how the broken leg kitty was doing as PVSEC had sent them his records. Also, with the Cat Clinics guidance, my FVR kitty has only had that one flair up that required antibiotics.Both doctors are very knowledgeable, and its easy to tell that every employee there has a real love for cats. There was one day I had to bring in all 4 by myself for their yearly checkups and vaccinations. One of the reception staff saw me, and came out to help carry in all the carriers so that I wouldn't have to leave two out in the car and make a second trip. Also, one of my boys has "tough skin" and it can be tricky to get the vaccine needle in in one shot. Dr. Bebko will ask one of the assistants to come back and hold and pet the little guy while administering the shots to make it less traumatic for him. It's also a great bonus for my one scaredy cat that he doesn't have to sit in a waiting room filled with dogs, as that stresses him out a great deal. I alI couldn't imagine taking my boys anywhere else.
