2	This comfortable, mid-sized place offers both booths & tables, & sits in a large, somewhat vacant shopping center.  During my visit, there were 22 main food items out.  The Hot & Sour Soup wasn't very good, & there were no regular lettuce salad items, although there was a Chinese salad dish something like cole slaw, that was ok.  There were pork spare ribs that were like dark red rocks with no meat on them, Orange Chicken that was made with pancake batter, & so on.  The couple running things were nice, but the food just wasn't very good.$5.75 Lunch & Dinner, closed Sunday.  A block down the street at Ocean Buffet, you would spend another $1.64 & get a 5-Star feast!  It's up to you.   :-))
3	This location will have to do I guess... The Tempe location was a huge favorite of mine and I still remember the day I rolled up to it and saw an empty room with no signs of life. Shocking, as I remember going to the Tempe China Panda going back to the late 80's. le sigh.....oh well...Damn economy.... ANYways...I knew of this location and gave it a few runs when I was going to school nearby there and it is close....damn close to the OG. The Egg rolls are larger but they taste the same as the Tempe location as well as the Chow Mein. The sweet and sour pork is just as bad for you and delightful as it was in Tempe. Many things about this place have elements of Tempe so I recommend it if you are in to Chinese Buffet of this caliber. This is not health food people. I have slipped in to many "China Panda Comas" in the past. It is up there with the Thanksgiving feeling of laying out on the couch and nodding off like a character form an Irvine Welsh book. Sometimes you feel regret and that ole "I cant believe I ate that whole thing" feeling. Sometimes (when you have NOTHING else to do with your day) its absolutely glorious. This is also not the greatest Chinese food you are going to find, but the loyal Tempe crowd will find a little piece of culinary history in this very different Mesa location. If you liked the Tempe location for its food and miss it, do it.
4	Good egg rolls, peppered beef, sweet and sour pork, orange chicken. Cream cheese puff was greasy and lacked flavor. Price was not to shabby. Not many options, but what they have hits the spot. My pal suggests going at diner vs lunch.
1	Smallest buffet ever. The food is just OK with almost no selections. Why go to a buffet with no choices. The noodles were burnt and the pork overcooked.  Staff is friendly enough tho. The Guy started serving on buffet line to control portions....it wasn't even busy (surprisingly enough) that is just soo cheap...c'mon now...really? Totally and completely not worth the stop at all. I give it a big fat BLEH!
