5	The folks here are always great.  My fiance is interested in buying a new set of irons, so we was fitted at the Ping center.  We went to Family Valley Golf Center so he could test some clubs outdoors.  We had a really nice sales guy who went above and beyond the call of duty to really help him make the right decision.  He gave us several small buckets of balls to use, went out and helped watched the swing with me, brought out contact tape, and spent a lot of time answering our questions and just generally helping us out.Another great thing about this place is they always had the cheapest ProV1s you could find at about $35 ($10 cheaper than anywhere else).  Unfortunately, they have went up (everywhere) since Callaway won a patent infringement lawsuit and they won't be made anymore.  The point is they have great deals, friendly service, and they'll leave you alone if you just want to browse.They have recently went through a renovation on their driving range and it's really nice.  They are planning to make it a double decker, making it even better than it is now.  If you're looking for a friendly golf shop or great range in the West Valley, stop on by.
5	They have finished the renovation of the driving range and it's fantastic! On one side they have the normal hitting stations where you can get balls from a dispenser. On the other side is a double decker range which is all automated. You pay and get a ticket inside, input the number into the computer at your station, and it automatically tees up each ball for you. You can put the ball on the mat if you don't want it teed up and you can also adjust the tee height to match the club you are using. It will bring the next ball at the same height until you change it. The best turf driving range around!! Check it out!
3	Decently priced range with great service and the best Mats I have ever hit off of. Lots of space and a high tech system making the rage effortless.Pros:try before you buyA nice coach for your swing is availablevery well keptMisters for the heatPerfect real feeling matsElectronic adjustable tee'sCons:Lots of noise and small kids running aroundexpensive overpriced clubs if you want to buy after you tryI cream the back net which is maybe 230-240 yards deep and not know how long my driver really is or its rollconfusing single entrancePrices:6.00 for 509.00 for 7511.00 for 100 etc.
4	Came to update, must have been the night I was there for the cons.Lessons for 20 bucks on wed. for adults with free range balls is a hard deal to pass up if you need help on your game, which we all do.chicks dig the longball
5	Apparently this place underwent a renovation and let me tell you, it's a fantastic renovation, whatever they did! The pro-shop is large and extensive, you can find all of your golfing needs there (clubs, bags, shoes, clothes....).  Note this is NOT a course, it's only a driving range and pro-shop.  The driving range is awesome.  It's a double decker range, which I have never been to, plus it's automated balls & tees! You pay inside the golf course for a certain number of balls and it will keep track for you, plus the computer tells you exactly how far each of the flags are from you, which is pretty nice for a beginner .... and MISTERS in the summer!! For all you Phoenicians, you understand how important this is!!!!! :)  They also do lessons but I have not signed up for them --- yet.  I plan to though!
2	The pro shop is great and the prices are some what reasonable.  The automated tee is cool too.  One thing I didn't like is that there is not ant grass...just mats.  the mats are nice but some real grass to hit off would be better...even if it were just a few hitting stations.
5	Awesome place, friendly staff, fully equipped pro shop with fitting and lessons. Price are fair for the tech.
5	This is not your typical driving range and I mean that in the best way possible. Everything at Valley Golf Center is first class! That includes the fitting area, range, shop, and staff. I didn't really think that a driving range facility could stand out from the next, but Valley Golf Center surely does that.It's true peace of mind to not have to worry about your entire bucket of balls getting in the way during your session. At VGC, the balls pop up through the mats one by one until your amount of balls paid for runs out. A tip for the range is try to grab one of the first few stalls on the lower level to get on the Track Tee which gives you a distance and speed on each ball hit on the range. The misters on the range are more than able to keep you reasonably cool during the summer.If you get a chance, definitely check out the fitting room where they have top of the line technology. It really breaks down your swing well and how things can improve. Nothing like finding out a club you thought you hit 110 regularly, can really go 130 when hit correctly. I've had family members buy clubs and other golf assortments in the shop and they have been very happy with their purchases and with the help of the staff in the purchases.Go check it out! It's an awesome facility that is absolutely worth a drive from the East Valley and other parts of AZ.
5	While out of town on a mini vacation I was looking for a place to hit some range balls and found Valley. The pro shop is golden, with an amazing amount of options, right up there with any large golf store. It's a double decker range which is cool. The best part was the ball feeding tee in the stations with the touch screen that gives you distances to the number of flags in the range. I wish somewhere in my area had this, it takes the guess work out. The putting green was fake and extremely fast but did the trick. I didn't use the chipping/sand area but it looked amazing.
2	Great facility, awful service. This is truly a cliquish place, it seems you have to know someone to get someone to talk to you.  I have shopped there several times and the few floor walkers there are engaged in conversations with each other. I have asked for help and was treated like an interruption.  With some proper management and staff this place could be something special.
5	Ever since I first called to inquire about lessons, the person over the phone was very knowledgeable and very helpful, he gave me helpful information for a newbie and didn't seem like I was wasting his time. Then when I finally went in about a month later and it was no different. The golf clinic instructor was very patient and very helpful with me as a first timer. Even got some tips and encouragement from fellow golfers nearby. At the pro shop they were helpful in showing me golf sets for a beginner.  Definitely would recommend this facility to anyone who's thinking about trying this sport out but may feel a bit intimidated. They made me feel comfortable and were hassle free. I'll be back to learn more.
5	One of the few golf shops you can tape up a club you want to buy and go hit balls on their range. The pricing is and selection is good, and the staff are attentive and friendly.
4	Don't have many choices for night time! Summer hours are open until 10:00 pm, have plenty of room, can accommodate a lot of people. Huge selection of equipment in the pro shop. Just  wished I lived closer. This is a two stories range, has about 60 stations. Love the new track tee, tracks your ball speed and ball distance. One of the best driving range I have ever been to. Place might be a little pricey! But you can't complain with all the added features. 1) Self serving tees2) Track tee technology3) 60 stations4) Huge pro shop5) Great conditionI do go to the local driving ranges during the day, but during the evenings, this place is it!
5	Took advantage of a groupon they were offering and was shocked this place was only 7 minutes from my place. It's a very clean and friendly driving range. Automatic ball feeder is awesome and the pro shop is legit. They have great prices too. I used my groupon and had to purchase their "gold membership".  I will give them my business and purchase my next driver from here.
4	What a great store!  Huge selection, friendly staff, reasonable service department with knowledgeable staff, huge range!  This was a good find, will definitely be back.
5	I thought this place was pretty neat. I've never been to a 2 story driving range before. I also loved the fact that it spits out the balls for you as you're ready to swing. No more bending over to place your ball down for each swing. The lanes were bigger than what I'm used to so that was a huge plus. The staff was also pretty nice and helpful. And overall, the price was decent. It didn't break the bank. I'm sure we'll be back the next time we head to Arizona.
4	Great shop to buy just about everything you could ever need for golf.  Our boys loved the indoor putting green.  If you can't find it here, it doesn't exist!!
