5	Cyclists are a small community. everybody kinda knows everybody. So having that stage kinda set, Aspen Creek is a place where you'll be family the minute you walk in. The staff is friendly and very helpful. The store is clean and stocked with everything you'll need to get out there and ride! It's just the right size to give you that 'local' feel...totally the opposite of those 'ultra-snooty, impersonal box stores.' They have shop rides twice a week that anyone is welcome to join, and they don't drop anyone. Most times you can get your repairs done on the spot and the techs are really knowledgeable. It's a bit of a drive for me to get there, but there's a reason I only go to this one shop. I give them 5 stars, and am a loyal customer. Give them a try, you won't be disappointed!
5	Best shop in town hands down. Customer service is awesome as it gets and Jason, Mark & Mike are very friendly. One of the first things I did at this shop was get a 3D fit and I talked to Mike pretty much the whole time while getting it done. They are always willing to help and never biased! (Unless you don't ride a Specialized, haha! Just kidding)Anyway, I recommend this shop for all your cycling needs!GO NOW!
1	So my husband and I read the 2 reviews and decided that this would be a good place to check out and hopefully buy another bike from. Sad to say that the reviews did not match our experience at the store. The staff was not helpful and in fact they were just rude and insulting. If I could I would give this place no stars but I can't. I do not recommend this place at all. I do recommend Pro Cyclery on Charleston. Had a great experience there. I would recommend that place in a heart beat. Luv the manager Leilani! She was really helpful.
5	Upon the recommendation of a friend who got his bike tuned up at this shop last week, I just happened to need new tires for my bike yesterday after I flatted during a 50 mile bike ride in the heat--those tires were old.  Thank goodness Aspen Creek is open on Sundays!  I walked in around 1:00pm and Jason took great care of me.  He popped some snazzy new red tires on my bike in no time while I waited.  The best part of my visit was that Jason worked his magic on a supposedly broken bike computer (I was told it was busted by another bike shop owner) and got it working again--yes!  This shop is not on my side of town but you can bet I will be back for the awesome customer service and care.
5	I am  brand new to cycling, but I have read enough to know that I needed to find a local bike shop to take care of my initial needs.  I brought my brand new bike down to the store to have it fitted properly to my size.  Mike was quite helpful in making sure everything was lined up properly.  I mentioned to Mike that I was experiencing some discomfort with my seat, and he helped set me up with a new seat that was much more comfortable.  After having the fit done, it feels like a brand new bike.  Mike also set me up with a small carrying bag for the bike.  Per his recommendation, I got myself a spare tube, CO2 cartridge, and the appropriate tool to replace a flat.  Mike had asked if I knew how to change a tire, and after saying no, he took the time to demonstrate how to do so on one of his own bikes.  He definitely did not need to give me the lesson, but that example of going above and beyond will make me a repeat customer.  I appreciated Mike's assistance and knowledge, and I look forward to stopping in many more times as I grow in my new cycling "career."
4	Place is friendly enough. Salesperson was fine, if not a little sleepy.  Problem is they have about one bike per size.  I know inventory is expensive but it was like they'd been robbed.  I'm not going to spend $1000+ for a bike without riding a few.
4	Nice store, lots of Very nice bikes. I wish I had the money to shop here more often but it's a bit higher scale which I believe is what they're going for. But you can still take your Wal-mart bike in there for a tune up or for new tires or handle bars and they'll help you no problem.
4	Mike was very quick to respond to my email to quote a balance bike for my son, Specialized Hotwalk. His customer service skills were right on point in person as well. Very friendly and a very nice shop.
4	Cute little shop!  The guy who was working was pleasant and friendly.  I didn't stay long because I was just tire kicking and checking out options for a non big box store bike.  When I don't have my two year old, I will be back! :)
5	Small shop which sometimes intimidates me because you walk in and all eyes are on you. But the person I spoke to was very helpful and willing to do some comparison shopping with me when I was considering a Specialized versus a Trek bicycle. If you're in the market for a Specialized bike, this is your shop!
2	I've been going to Aspen Creek off and on for a couple of years now.  They did the initial set up on two bikes I bought on line...did a good job on my wife's, but mine was  pretty rough.  I figured one out of two aint bad, so I'll give them another shot.  Everyone in the shop is very nice and quite personable, but they have a tendency to send bikes out the door without testing the repair anywhere but on a rack.  I suppose I should thank them for that, as it fills the first ride after a repair with challenges you never expected.  Take today for example.  I had Aspen Creek repair a broken ring derailleur cable, which they did in not time flat.  The interesting part of the ride was how my bike is now an automatic, shifting up or down randomly for no apparent reason and the chain noise was another nice element.  Usually this ride is pretty quiet, but I must say hearing that chain grinding across the front derailleur really made for a nice cadence guide.  I have to say the every time I have had a problem with a repair, with the exception of the initial set up, when my handle bars went one way and the front tire another (I fixed that after I made it through the intersection on my own) they have repaired their repair.  I am just at the point now that I want to find someone that will fix it and make sure that not only the repair is correct, but that the bike is functional afterwords...again, very nice people, but I would recommend that if you use them to maintain your bike, you plan on riding around the parking lot a few times before assuming it has been completely repaired.
5	i had my bike shipped from out of town to Aspen Creek Cycling for the Silverman Half Iron in October.Super easy coordination over the phone with Jason, when it arrived my bike was assembled, tuned and my front wheel trued :)The drop off for disassemble and shipping back was just as smooth.Definitely recommended and i will repeat next time i need my bike shipped to Vegas!
