3	I count a "mini" size as 68 calories, no matter how much the teen attendants choose to overfill my Styrofoam cup. They give me enough yogurt to fill a "small" size, which ought to be 136 calories, but, in my book, I still record 68. Golden Spoon has always fulfilled my cravings to cheat my own unrealistic diet plans.I wish Golden Spoon would use paper cups and recycle. They could also shut off the fans and stop using so much AC.
2	Not as heavy as gelato, frozen custard, or ice cream, but not as satisfying as controlling the right portion for you. The days of the middle man are gone. Now it is all about you adjusting the amount to fit your own diet. Out of all the flavors that they have, I find myself being less adventurous and always getting the vanilla with granola and almonds. All the other flavors just taste off or too sweet. I am not claiming that my order is any better, because granola is packed with sugar. Yet, the thought of some of the other yogurts and candy makes my teeth ache.
3	I used to L-O-V-E Golden Spoon! Did you know they were around in Vegas many, many years ago? They had a few locations here in the 90s, but then shut down halfway through my sophomore year of high school (that was 1999/2000). The one near my house got replaced by a Dairy Queen. So, to my great astonishment Golden Spoon returned to the valley! Except, there is not one anywhere close to where I live. *tear*This one out in Henderson I have frequented a few times. I still like their yogurt/ice cream... but it doesn't have that zing it used to have when I was a little kid. It's like almost gelato, almost yogurt, almost ice cream, but none of those things really. Don't get me wrong, it is a good way to treat your sugar tooth, but it's not too special.I still like that they give you a golden spoon. I do not like that they still use Styrofoam cups. I'm always afraid I'm going to push my spoon too far down and end up with little cracklings of Styrofoam in my yogurt! Yuck!Sizes are outrageous. I never finish mine, even when I order a small. I guess I just can't bring myself to eat that much yogurt, especially when I start thinking about where it might show up later! :O
4	Went in Saturday night. Location is on Horizon Ridge buy it's kinda hidden and parking kinda sucks cuz it was pretty busy.There was a line to the door and there was some good entertainment from the charachters whining in line. The guys serving were quick friendly and patient even though they had some problem customers (it wasnt me this time I swear). The flavors they change frequently and they give a good amount of frozen yogurt and cake batter is the only way to go. Mix it with anything and you win. Try to add the mochi in top and you'll have experienced one of lifes little pleasures. Enjoy!
5	Golden Spoon yogurt is much creamier than TCBY's or self-serve yogurts, great selection of toppings, and yummy flavors. My favorites: graham cracker, chocolate malt, and pistachio! If you sign up for their GS text, you'll receive a weekly text on a random night where it's 2 for 1, up to a large! My favorite yogurt place :)
4	I went here for the first time yesterday. I've passed it 100s of times and never bothered going in because most of these little ice cream/yogurt shops are pretty pricer. I mean you could get a whole BOX of ice cream or yogurt for the price these places usually charge. Anyway, I got a small strawberry, and it was much bigger than SMALL because they top it off very high. That was about $3.78 TOTAL. This place is nice for a quick yogurt treat. Don't get me wrong it's good but, like most other places, I wished they'd just drop the price $1-$2Let's say I went in there with my family of 4. It's gonna be anywhere from $3-$6 each person depending on what they get. So, were talking about a price of $12-$24 just for my family to get some yogurt.
1	Golden Spoon you shouldn't use the radio shopping show for advertisement if you are going to be so picky about the way people use the coupons.  The whole reason for advertising is to get new patrons.  If you are going to tell patrons they can't use the coupons because this is already on special (like the quart this month) then you just should not advertise golden spoon with the coupons.  If someone comes in with a coupon (that they already paid money for by the way) and they can't use it the same as cash (which is what the radio people advertise), and using it turns into the biggest hassle ever, and the clerk is giving you the evil eye and has to call the manager for approval (of a yogurt purchase) then what is the point of having the coupons in the first place....oh yeah to bring in new customers.  Ok customer came in, then they never come back.In the end you lose the customer for life.
4	Great yogurt at a great price.What really makes this location stand out is the staff. It's mostly younger kids (high school-ish aged) and they seem to genuinely enjoy their job. One of the guys actually sang a full chorus of "Happy Birthday" to the family in line ahead of me, and I've often seen them take extra time to help mothers who've got their hands full with too many little ones! It's a refreshing change to go into a place where the staff acts as if they're actually glad you're there!
4	By far my favorite place for a simple frozen yogurt.  And it's a total bonus to me that I don't have to serve myself!  None of those cups as big as my head and not even filling them 1/8th of the way, LOL. The service is always really good.  They gladly let me sample flavors.  Good topping selection.  Very creamy and flavorful yogurt.  I signed up for their texts and frequently get 2 for 1 coupons, which makes this the best deal for frozen yogurt.   One thing to note about the texts: they're usually only good on the day they're sent - but I get them often enough.
4	Great yogurt. I dont like how it's not self serve. I enjoyed mixing and matching exactly what I want. Employees were very kinda
4	I have been searching for a good fro-yo place in Vegas for some time and I think I finally found something I plan on frequently regularly.Great selection of flavors (which taste very good), good quantity and at a reasonable price.We had the peanut butter, salty caramel (awesome), chocolate, vanilla and strawberry.   The strawberry was just ok, but the peanut butter and salty caramel rocked.We will be back to see you real soon!!!PS  Why is your parking lot and outside store so dark?  There really needs to be better lighting for people to use the outside seating at night.  But the good news is that you're really the only tenant, so there is plenty of parking!!!  But if you blink, you're easy to miss when you drive by.
4	Hot summer days = cold frozen treat!It's located off of horizon ridge near the post office.  The front of the store faces away from the road so just look for their signage on the building.  This locations does pretty well.  It's always busy when I walk in but they keep the line moving well.  There are a few tables inside with a few tables outside as well.  It's kept clean which is always good. They have about 10-12 flavors of frozen yogurt with a few sugar free options.  They have the usual toppings to please any taste.  There a few fruit options but mainly candies and nuts.  This location is very convenient for me and have been frequenting often.  Their frozen yogurt is tasty which is why I keep coming back!
