4	Stopped into this new, good-sized Buffet for lunch today and started with some Hot & Sour Soup.  Next was a regular salad with a variety of toppings, along with several Sushi selections.  The Mongolian style BBQ was the next stop, & then on to a variety of hot dishes from the hot tables & finally on to layered Coffee Cake for dessert.  Here's how it all struck me:*  Friendly staff.*  NIce, very comfortable dining room.*  Big selection of 108 food items, plus sauces & dressings.*  Large variety of excellent Sushi.*  Four Meat Mongolian style BBQ.*  Good balance of salad, hot dish and dessert choices.*  Most of the food was great.  Along with the Sushi, I especially liked the fried chicken, breaded deep fried Zucchini and the boneless spare ribs.I really liked this place, but a couple of misses held it back from 5 Stars here.  The Mongolian BBQ didn't come out great.  It was kind of a mess.  The problem was as much with the texture as the taste & I think maybe it was overcooked.  Also, the Egg Foo Young, while the genuine style (not hockey pucks!), wasn't up to the proper temperature, nor was the gravy to put on it.Overall, I think this is a lovely restaurant & Casa Grande is fortunate to have it.     :-))Monday through Saturday Lunch Buffet:  $7.29 /$6.56 Sr.
5	We tried this place out for the first time on a Friday afternoon. It wasn't crowded, but people came in at about the same rate they were leaving. The proprietor was very nice, seating us immediately and taking care of our drinks or clearing plates as needed. Unlike many buffets these days that seem run down or worn out, the tables, chairs and booths are nice, the lighting is good, the decor is Chinese without being overbearing about it and the arrangement is open. The food was really good! The broccoli was hot but firm, the potstickers were tasty, not dried out. They had everything from dim sum and egg foo young to pizza, plus a stir fry grill and a sushi bar.  We will definitely be coming back.
1	I hate to be mean but this was the worst food that we have ever had in our entire life. It was so bad it was almost unbelievable. I think they are not busy enough so the food just sits there for hours and hours. I guess if you arrive at the right time when the food is fresh it would be okay but we were not that lucky. The owners seem very nice but the food is just awful, sorry :(
1	Took my boyfriend out to eat here July 31st, 2014 for his birthday. As I was eating my dumplings I realized that they were raw inside (note picture that was uploaded). I pointed this out to the waitress and she just took my plate and made no offer to resolve the situation. I have now eaten raw pork due to their negligence and have been feeling woozy ever since. I will NEVER be doing business with this company again.
1	I give it a 1 generously.  The service was good.  The food was stale, cold and lots of things were unlabeled or missing.  Price was good but so what?
