5	I have no idea how this place hasn't been reviewed yet. I thought its existence was common knowledge. But, I guess that's just how it is in my crowd. The Roxy Art House is the home of the Roxy Bar. But it's also so very very much more than that. The Roxy Art House regularly holds events of all sorts, from theatre to art to ceilidhs to music to etc. I've been there for pretty much all of the above. Ok, this is how cool the Roxy is: last week (or something like that), Nick Cave did a reading there. I mean, that gets the Roxy major points, right?Tonight, the Banana Sessions will be playing there (they're very cool). Just about any and all of Edinburgh's local bands (and more) have performed at the Roxy. Take, Meursault, for example. A few months ago, they also hosted an arts extravaganza there called Hidden Door, which, being as I was out of the country, I missed, but I hear it was indeed spectacular.If you haven't been to the Roxy yet, check out their events on their website and start getting ready to.
5	I agree with Julia on this one - there is always something cool going on at the Roxy.  It's a fantastic space, in an old, church-like (was it once a church?) building down a side street near the Pleasance.  A fairly new addition to Edinburgh's cultural scene, the Roxy is fast making a name for itself as a focal point for all sorts of arts groups around the city.I first came across it through the Ceilidh Collective, a great organisation that, as you might expect, puts on ceilidhs there every month or so, and the large hall on the ground floor, with its elegant pillars and columns, is the perfect place for some vigorous eightsome reels or strip the willow.Upstairs is a theatre, downstairs a quirky bar.  You never know what you might find here, but it's usually something interesting
5	Ok, I'm a bit of a hippy t**t (sorry to swear, but that's my name for them). I play the djembe and the cajon and I listen to, ahem, 'world music'. So what man, I'm just expanding my horizons (dude). And there's no better place to do that than the Roxy.It's home to the very cool Roxy Bar, but that's just the tip of the iceberg. As Anne says, you never know what you're going to get at the Roxy. They have poetry, dance, world music, alternative music (Mersault!) among other things. My djembe teacher's band, a brilliant, Persian influenced group called Gol, play here quite a lot. That's how I first heard about the place, and I'm so glad I did. It's so refreshing to find a place genuinely interested in putting on different, exciting shows that you won't find elsewhere. Pick a night, and go. Chances are you won't be disappointed.
3	One of those places with a multitude of spaces. One of those former churches put to alternative uses. One of those massive volumes of air that can take a while to heat up in the winter. One of those buildings which has had a variety of owners and users of the years, with a lively festival history too.Now that the Roxy is under Assembly Theatre management I suspect it'll have a growing part to play in Edinburgh's cultural world. There have always been gigs and events here, but it's never lodged itself in my mind as have much of a permanence about itself. The main room is full of potential though: a great high space, characterful and adaptable.I'm sure they're just as open to people wanting to run events here as they are to people attending them.
4	I was here last night for the Creative Edinburgh Awards, and what a beautiful venue it is. One of those old Edinburgh buildings (was it previously a church?) that has kept most of the internal fixings, exposed stone, large gothic arches, and a good sized space. Adorned with lanterns and a cake in the corner, it was a nice sized venue for an award / dancey evening. (Although the acoustics aren't ideal, with a great band playing it was hard to hear anything).I don't know why I've not been to a gig or event here before, even in the Festival. Do they not show or play many events? I'm not sure, I'll look into it... but if you ever ponder as to whether you should attend a gig or event at this venue, do! It's beautiful!
3	A really well repurposed former church into an events venue. I attended a Fringe performance here and the space was set up in a theatre style. It's really easy to get to/from location-wise, and the interior is very cool. There's a bar downstairs, too!
