1	CAUTION---In spite of the similar name, they are NOT the American Cancer Society.  They called me tonight seeking a donation, and when I interrupted the fast-talking womans script to ask how much money goes to fund-raising expenses, she answered it was an 85%/15% split.She paused right there, and asked if "These special women can count on me"; so I asked my follow up question. And I learned that 85% is the share that goes to pay for admin and fundraising, and only 15% goes to "These special women".  Like any charity, they are required to file a 990c form with the IRS and it shows that they had revenue of 48.5 million dollars.  I looked at part IX, line 2 and saw that they only provided 1.6 million dollars to grants to recipients in the USA.
1	All of the various cancer charities run by the Reynolds family are SCAMS. They pay themselves a fortune and give $0.02 for each dollar raised to people suffering from cancer. STAY AWAY!!!!!!!
1	They collected over $50M in donations last year, spent 25% of expenses, gave $1.6M to US cancer patients, and sent $39M overseas to various offshore accounts in the form of "medical supplies".   They've been doing this for 5 years.   Shameful!
1	Do not give any support to these scam artists. Check with the Better business bureau or CNN coverage.  The family that operates this refuses to do any interviews or answer questions clearly ( what legitimate charity would do that?), hire telemarketers to cold call people to ask for donations with lies about what their money goes to, and tax records show that provide little to charity while the top "employees" at the company earn over $200, 000.  They are really scum.
1	This place is the pits they keep calling me after being told that I was not intrested in donating to there company and after reading the reviews i'm glad that i did'nt
1	I received a letter from this organization today asking me to honor a pledge I never made and never would have made! The "pledge" was dated 12/30, when I was completing my end of year donations. I think I would have remembered if I'd said yes! I remember asking someone who called me around that time how much of my pledge went to fundraising and was struck by hearing "85%." (Well, at least the telemarketer was honest.)  I'm not sure it was this organization, but it sure clicks!  The nerve!
1	These people are at it again.  Seems like they kept a low profile for awhile and now they are back calling thinking we all forgot about the reports on CNN.  The phone number is 925 271-2244.  The only thing to do is block the phone # since they are a so-called charity.
1	I was called twice today. Caller I.D. identified the caller as  "Out of Area, Caller Unknown" which made me skeptical to begin with. I answered the second call only because I do have some friends in other countries. I got the usual (from what other reviews said) fast-talking salesman who dashed through the name of the organization, then said "as you know, it's that time of year again and we will be putting your envelope in the mail for you to send us another contribution this year". He then started in about how they give these special women direct care..." At this point I interrupted him and asked him the name of the organization again and he said "The Breast Cancer Society". I told him I had worked in Oncology care for 40 years (as an Oncology social worker) and had never heard of them, at which he sort of stopped short in his tracks before he sputtered out something like "well there are a lot of organizations out there". I said yes there were, and because I had never heard of his, I was suspicious and wanted to be taken off their call list. He couldn't hang  up fast enough, but I will give him credit for being polite; he did say "thank you" just before saying good-bye and abruptly hanging up. Please give your money to a legitimate cancer charity and not this bogus organization!
1	I received a call from this group asking for me by name!  When  I asked "Who's calling?", the reply was "Oh, I'm so glad I didn't get an answering machine.  She then launched into her very canned solicitation, saying something about how they "help" women affected by breast cancer.  I said, "That would be me"  She never stopped.  I repeated, "That would be me."  Kept talking.  I said, "THAT WOULD BE ME".  Honestly, I said it five times, louder each time!   I said, "You sound like an answering machine"  "Now please listen to me"  I said" I've been trying to tell you I am a breast cancer survivor "   She said  "OH, thank you!"   WHAT???  I said, "Now I'd like to talk to you"  NOPE!  As in another review, she couldn't hang up fast enough!  SHE HUNG UP ON ME.  WHAT??????   I was/am furious, to say the least!As I required, I had to select a star, frankly,  I give zero stars to this group!
1	Only 15% goes to help the people they are raising money for.  Clearly they are in it for the wrong reasons. This makes me sick.
1	RATING OF ZERO.  SCUMBAG con artists.  I have now blocked FIVE different numbers from them.  I am on the national do not call registry.  They call EVERY day, up to five times PER DAY.  I have told them I will NEVER DONATE.   I tell them not to call, block them, then they call from a different number.  They ask for "Cedric" knowing there is no Cedric here.   When I tell them that, they launch into their bullshit script.  This is a well-known scam, mafia-style con artist group, not a legitimate charity.  They are also violating multiple federal laws.  Reported to the FCC/FTC Governor's Office of Consumer Affairs/BBB.  This company is the sole reason I have just purchased a Sentry (v. 2.0) call blocker.  If you are reading this comment, you should do the same.  Your phone will not even ring next time they try to call.
1	Thanks, fellow Yelpers for your information about this organization.  I got a call from them today, on the phone number mentioned previously here.  Of course they wanted me to make a donation immediately, but I have a policy of NEVER giving out credit or debit card information to ANYONE who calls me unsolicited on the phone.I agreed to let them send a "donation card" to my address (which they already had), to give me time to review the organization's reputation, tax documents, etc.Based on what I've learned online in the last 15 minutes, they aren't getting a penny of my money, ever.SMALL UPDATE:  They sent me a letter addressed to my first name and my ex-wife's last name.  I'm sure they got her name, phone, and address information off a VERY old contact list - She moved out of my house in 1998.I marked the letter "Addressee unknown - Return to sender" and sent it back.
1	This is nothing more than a scam to get your credit card information.   They are thieves masquerading as a charity.    No money goes to any charity.
1	This chirpy, fast talking woman called moments ago to see if we received their card, as she had spoken to my husband a week ago. Into her spiel, I asked what % actually goes to the cause. She spoke right over me, never answering the question. I told her I would check out their organization first and she quickly told me in her rainbow and unicorn voice, that she blesses any friends or relatives who have had cancer. When I asked my husband if he had donated to them, he said yes, $20. Having lost his brother to cancer a few months ago, he is vulnerable. I will never, ever understand how these people can work for these phony organizations with a clear conscious. Or heart.
1	Got the call and asked them how they can help because my wife has been fighting breast cancer for a year and a half and we're broke, they hung up on me.
