3	Restaurants that are open 24 hours play an important role for certain kinds of people - ones that work odd hours, people who like to eat at non-standard times of day, and, of course, people who are out late partying and want to put something in their stomach at 3 am. Taco Felix is a godsend for anyone who falls into one or more of the above categories. It provides decent and affordably-priced Mexican food 24 hours a day and best of all, it has a drive-through. My husband and I tried this place for the first time for lunch today. We went at a standard time of day because this place is just a few blocks from us and we wanted to see if it was decent before we tried it out one night after midnight after karaoking it up at Silver Pony (just a block or so away). We ordered 4-5 different items - rolled tacos, bean tostada, carne asada taco, quesadilla supreme, and a chile relleno - and a large soda, and it only came out to $12! As a side note, the credit card receipt didn't provide a space to leave a tip, so you should bring a few bucks to thank the employee working for their efforts. The only major downside was that it took quite a while for our food to come, since the drive-through was hopping (lots of people getting menudo after a crazy Friday night, I'm assuming) and there were only 2 chefs and one server (who had to take and serve both drive-through and eat-in orders). However, the food was definitely decent and the portions really sizable, and we felt that it was a great value for our money. Now that we know Taco Felix serves good food for good prices, we won't hesitate to come back during one of those unusual times - to get a chorizo/egg burrito on the way to an early morning flight, to grab a mid-afternoon snack when most other places are closed, or to fill our stomachs late one night after a few drinks.
4	Ummm... the name of this place is mispelled. It's Feliz! As in Happy Taco! If you're from the South side this is what you'll call Taco Feliz...Happy Taco has been around for quite sometime and has been the best part of my late night excusions. My favorite dishes here is the Chorizo, egg & potato burrito. Also the rolled tacos are awesome! as are the regular tacos with rice & beans combination. They have HUGE sodas and very decent prices. During "normal" hours, they will always have an english speaking attendant - they may have a crazy thick accent, but they understand what you're saying. But sometimes in the middle of the night many things can get lost in translation. I love this place and their menudo is KILLER!
4	Best-kept secret of South Mountain. Awesome, flavorful, juicy, generously stuffed, shredded beef tacos (only .99 ea. on Tues.) Generous portions. All made-to-order, fresh as can be. Verde Sauce is incredible. Refried beans homemade and authentic. Shells perfectly deep-fried crispy, but not greasy. Adequate sprinkling of Queso Blanco. Salsa Bar with chunky-sized limes. Huge menu. Many Specials and Combos to choose from. Breakfast Burritos too. Just fast enough service for an easy wait, and slow enough to be homemade and authentic. Staff is friendly and polite. Drive through (open 24/7) is quick, but narrow, and a neat trick to maneuver after-bar, so drive really, really slow and carefully or your going to take the side of your car out on the back wall. No joke.
5	Food is outstanding, however the last time I was here, the girl behind the counter thought it was necessary to be playing heavy metal music at the volume level of 12.... VERY unprofessional of her, but the food is
4	Just moved into the area and we have tried Taco Feliz twice so far. The food is Very Good!  Carnitas Tacos, Chili Rellano,, Carnitas Burrito! Yummy!
5	At first glance and not used to the South side of Phoenix I was a little hesitant to try this place out, but it has been by far one of the most delicious Mexican takeout/restaurants I have ever eaten at. I go at least once a week and enjoy their chips and guacamole with their cruncy beef tacos. Slight wait in the drive through line but it's worth it because their food is always so fresh!
4	I was surprised that it was open after midnight on valentines day. I order myself a carne asada burrito, adobada taco, and a large horchata. The burrito was decent, the taco was fantastic no wonder they call it happy taco, and the horchata was my least favorite it seem to sweet! The service was fast and the food was well done so I give it a 4*
2	Hmmm...I don't know how they got such good reviews. Tacos were scarcely filled with the good stuff, the shells were also under fried. The beans were too runny as well.I was so stoked to find a place near me, with good reviews. Guess I'll have to keep driving to Tempe for Taco Tuesday. I still think Fillibees on Broadway and Priest is where it's at.Oh well!
2	No, the food is not good. It tastes bland. Nothing exciting about this place. The appearance is bad; falling apart, unkempt, dirty. And the exterior is just as bad. It's popular for some reason. You'll see plenty of traffic during meal time. And you may see some horses tied to the hitching post on the weekend. I can't see what other people see in this place. If you like Mexican food (and I mean tasty, flavorful Mexican food) then this is not the place you want to try. If you need a quick bite and any old thing will do, this will get you by.
5	Food is great! I had the chorizo burrito, which wasn't anything special but still good. I had a bite of my husbands chicken tacos and it was delicious! The taco was crispy and flavorful. We also had the chips and guacamole. The guacamole was amazing! The inside was clean and well lit. Tables and booths were all spotless. Definitely my new favorite authentic Taco shop!
