4	Need a cheap breakfast spot? This is it. It is clean , no frills, the food is good and very inexpensive.My biscuit, 4 strips of bacon, hash browns, 2 eggs, and tea cost under $4.00!Can't beat the price or the down-home country waitresses! Felt like eating at your mom's house.
5	This is my new favorite breakfast spot! I usually have the pancakes/hash browns/bacon/egg combo meal with coffee all for $6.15! You can choose grits instead of hash browns or sausage instead of bacon in that combo option. The service is great. No complaints. I've had dinner there only once and I really enjoyed it as well. I had the hamburger steak which came with the choice of 2 sides and a bread option and soup!! You will never leave hungry from this place! My hubby had the a gyro which was just ok... but who gets a gyro at a country cookin' type place??They are only open for breakfast and lunch on Saturdays and closed Sundays. Otherwise they are open Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner M-F.Great prices, Great food, and Great service! The only problem is that sometimes it's too small because everyone in town is trying to eat there at the same time!
4	Great little small town diner. Lunch food is not amazing, but consistently well above average. They have daily specials with great prices. I usually spend around $7 for lunch and leave VERY satisfied with more than enough to eat. The desserts, however, are outstanding. I've had the cobbler and banana pudding and never been disappointed. If you come for lunch, you might have to wait a bit, this place is VERY popular with locals and the parking lot fills during lunch hour!
4	Why bother with fast food when you can stop and enjoy your food?  Breakfast is best but lunch and dinner aren't bad either.  I'm a fan of the Ranch Chicken Sandwhich w/ fries for lunch and the Strawberry waffle (they make it in a smiley face) for breakfast.  Just be forewarned that this place us super popular for breakfast on the weekends.  However it's worth the wait.
3	Oh boy.  This evening, I wondered into the familiar Trails End Family Restaurant to find new menus, a few new staff, and new ownership.  The placed I called home for breakfast, while it still says Trails End on the outside, is now Omega Coney Island.  I don't get the name but considering that everyone in Indian Trail is from New York or New Jersey, maybe they know.  The family style dinners are gone, replaced with a wide array of Gyros, salads, burgers, coney dogs, and now breakfast (although no waffles after noon) served all day.  Horay!!! I love breakfast for dinner.  The staff has always been a strong point for Trails End and the great service continues. While lightly staffed tonight, the change to a diner-esque menu should bring more the dinner crowd.  I had a gyro with fries and a western omelet with hash browns.  The gyro was pretty good.  Quite frankly, their gyros were always good and the tradition continues.  The fries...not so much.  While the old ones were a pre-cut crinkle cut while were great.  The new guys have decided to try making their own from raw potatoes.  Great idea - poor execution.  Great fries are fried twice for crispiness.  These were so limp, they should have been given viagra to perk up.  The bad potatoes continued with the hash browns.  Hash browns they were not, more like hash cake.  Again, the others were probably a frozen mess (tasted like it), these were make with fresh potatoes (good) but were very mushy like mashed potatoes (bad).  The Western wasn't bad but they were trying too hard to make a Western more than what it really is.  I love a Western that has ripe, crisp peppers and onions, bacon, ham, etc.  Someone thought of sauteing the vegetables prior to putting them into the omelet, which made the inside unnecessarily buttery. Still, I like the idea of this place and will definitely return as they will no doubt improve.  The old trails end was a four star favorite of mine.  I hope the Omega Coney Island makes it all five stars.  ...plus, how can you not like a place with fried mushrooms?
3	Really want to give this place a better rating, but did not have the best experience here.  I knew it wasn't going to be a good experience when I had to quickly swerve into the parking lot realizing that the place name had changed - or was no longer "Trailsend" and a large red, white, and black lettered sign proclaiming "Omega Coney Island Family Restaurant" outside.Of course it was Father's Day and it was packed.... and it was Sunday on top of that.  The hostess was really friendly - this is a type of place where you can walk in and they call you by your first name if you come here that often.  We waited about 5-10 minutes and were seated.Our waitress was nice and took our order - then it took about 30-40 min for the food to come out.  Granted the place was slammed, but I was noticing that the larger family groups were getting served before us - and were sat down after us.  It was just me and my mom so I don't know if it was a father's day thing or not, but man I was starving when the food finally came out.  I had the corned beef hash with 2 eggs... great flavor and eggs were cooked well.  It's a home-style corned beef hash that I wasn't used to and it was mixed in with hash browns which was a nice surprise.  Halfway into me digging into this large portion dish, the waitress came by and apologized that she gave me the wrong order.  I told her no problem and whatever I got was good anyway but she apologized profusely.  Later she came back and told me I did get the right thing and that she had just switched tickets with another table by accident.  Weird enough to think that you are eating someone else's food..... even weirder to not know what you are eating.  Oh well...Part of my mom's order was wrong, but at this point we were so hungry it didn't really matter.I will give this place another try since I am a breakfast fanatic.  But for now it'll get a 3 star from me.I did want to say that the food is the main attraction at this place... the actual building itself looks to be a bit dated and the inside is nothing to write home about.
3	This no longer exists it has been replaced by Omega Coney Island.
4	Good food. Good portions. Great service.
