3	Billing itself as the "World's Largest" East Side Mario's, this location is the largest I've been at taking up two large floors plus bar with patio in the summers.  I think this place has been here for over 10 years.  I prefer this location in Waterloo over the one at University Plaza that often gets a little uncomfortably busy and loud during meal times.  Both locations are popular haunts of local university students and I had lunch here yesterday with clients and a colleague.  I had the Trio - which is unlimited soup (I had the Italian Wedding), salad (garden or caesar) and bread for $7.99 - of course the softdrinks while bottomless are something like $2.99 pre-tax/tip - but that's almost par for grill/bar places like this.  We had a late lunch at around 2 pm and it was pretty much dead in the bar area. One of the main reasons this place is popular particularly with the students is that they/we'd have unlimited soup or salad with their dinner portion meals - so what they/we'd do was eat a few rounds of salad then take home on the actual meal itself.  Dinner portions now cost around $12-16 pre-tax and tip.  Oh the memories.  Of course, it's not nearly as cheap as it used to be, but the meals are still reasonable for the area and what you get.  It's probably about as authentically Italian as say McDonald's pizza, but the ingredients are generally fresh, though prepared with the efficiency and bulk of a cafeteria (and it often looks that way too).
1	Terrible. Avoid this crappy food. The service was a little on the creepy attentive side. The meal was overpriced, the salad overdressed, the penne under seasoned, and the theme overblown. I hope to never set foot in this lousy chain again.
1	Oh god, people, please don't eat here. You deserve better than bland, gloppy pasta and pre-frozen bread smeared with margarine. I ate at this location when I was young and dumb, and my reward was a live, mid-sized cockroach in my salad. The manager kindly comped our desserts, though I can't say my appetite was really raring to go after that.
3	Each time I visit Canada, I make sure to stop at an East Side Mario's. Sure, it's a chain that mimics The States' Olive Garden, but there's something about the food here that keeps me coming back. Maybe it's tradition, maybe it's memories of food with friends; none-the-less I stopped by this location on my recent visit.The King Street restaurant is the largest East Side Mario's in existence. It's a massive, stand alone building with a generous seating room and a bar room the size of a normal restaurant. There is also patio dining for the warmer months. The Italian Wedding Soup hits the spot, and is a must-have with any order. Along with the fresh loaves of garlic bread, the soup is unlimited. I've tried a few different mains and the simply noodle dishes are the best. A spaghetti with red sauce or linguini primavera are hearty and and outshine the complex entrees. This time, I ordered the Baked Spinach Ricotta Milanese. It arrived scalding hot, yet the pasta still seemed floury and undercooked. The sauce was delicious, but I think I'll stick with noodles for here on out.Price per person: $18.00
1	I have been to several East Side Mario's restaurants in different cities over the past nearly 20 years. This review will no doubt be largely influenced by my nostalgic recollection of what used to be.Tonight my buddy and I dropped into this location for a beer and a plate of nachos. Pretty simple stuff.We split a pitcher of Rolling Rock. The beer tasted watered down. Both draft glasses were chipped. It took 25 minutes + for the nachos to arrive and they were nothing special. Blob on some salsa (not the good salsa, the cheap out of a jar of no name brand type methinks). Throw on the shredded cheese, some green onions, some olives call it $12. The chips were not stale, but they were not fresh either. 80% of them were not crispy, they were soggy. All in all the nachos were pretty lame.The server, when he was around would drop by and ask how things were. Mediocre wasn't a clue word for him and he was happy to carry on. We next saw him eating lunch at the bar. It seemed odd to me that employees ate in the dining area guests were in, but this isn't the Royal York so okay... next we saw a cook eating in the dining room as well. Apparently this is normal here. The whole time out waiter was on break we just sat there with a pile of soggy nachos and empty beer glasses. Finally we were allowed to pay so we could leave. I have been to this location before. My wife got raw chicken on her nachos. We have never had a 'good' meal here and average is about what you can hope for.It is unfortunate because I recall ESM's past glory where there were peanuts all over the place, the food was good quality, there was service etc.I really doubt this chain will exist in 10 years given their current direction. I have been to other locations and I think the whole franchise is circling the drain.If you are looking for a beer and nachos I would suggest several other nearby locations before ESM. In no order, Ethel's lounge, Morty's pub or the Duke of Wellington.Good luck.
2	Welcome to the Canadian version of the Olive Garden. It's as mediocre as it gets. I thought that I would give them another try with my girlfriend today for a Sunday lunch. Server was attentive 1 star for that. 1 star for the atmosphere and 1 star for cleanliness. The food is alright....nothing special. I had the baked penne Alfredo and it tasted decent..not as flavourful as you would expect it to be. We then shared a bruschetta pizza and again decent but blander than expected. I would definitely come back but in no way would I go out of my way to do so. It's that "once a year" type of place or if you are in the area for it.
