5	Staff is always nice and it is great they are open 24 hours.
2	Tried to get my kiddo's passport photos taken here and they tried to pass up an extremely blurry pic as perfectly a-ok. The manager was useless. They have updated the inside of this walgreens.
1	This is in NO WAY a 3 1/2 star Walgreens.I've been here 6 times and it's a NO STAR. My last visit broke the camel's back.The last trip has to do with the pharmacy. BS experience.Dr. called in prescription at 1:30pm.5:45 arrived at Walgreen's. Drive thru was double lanes and each lane had 3 cars.CRAP CRAP CRAP my daughter sucks (just got a diagnosis YAAAAAY) and I have to go in. Husband says he will go in and I will drive crazy around, you are welcome Walmart store and customers. Fine. I come back to pick him up about 5 minutes later and then wait another 5 minutes. No problem, we saw the drive thru.Husband says: they just pulled up the prescription, it will be another 20 minutes.WHAT???? Called in at 1:30pm and still not ready (this is a standard medicine, not rocket science).BREATHE... ok fine, heading to the library down the street we can pick it up on the way home.An hour later we go back to Walgreen's. (I got some great books regarding my daughter's diagnosis btw.My husband comes out and says.... they just put an over the counter medicine in the bag and made me pay full price for it.  $10.99 plus tax.WTF.My insurance the medicine is covered. No out of pocket cost, but I deal with the insurance not husband. So I get out of the car and go in for my refund.Look, I hate this store, so I'm not spending money in here anymore, and I know a shitty box store that sells this medicine for less if I'm going to pay out-of-pocket.THOSE ASSSSSSHoles were LAZY LAZY LAZY and just trying to get rid of a customer's prescription by putting a shelf medicine in an RX bag and charging their customer. I explained that my insurance covers the medicine and I wasn't going to pay out of pocket if it's covered, he mumbled something about putting the liquid into a bottle and then putting a label on it. FU LAZY ASS.You suck. Prescription is being filled by another Pharmacy ASSHATs and a nasty gram to the corporate.THIS MEDICINE WAS FOR AN INFANT YOU JERKOFF.Happy Halloween Yelpers.
1	Let me start by saying if I could give this place zero stars I WOULD.I sent my husband to this walgreens being its the nearest 24 hr pharmacy to us. BAD IDEA. Its 9:30 pm we had left the hospital my 7month old has painful blisters in his mouth and is in need of his elixir medication. (shouldnt take more then 5 minutes to mix up) and a diaper rash oitment. My husband hands the pharmacy tech the Rx and tells her he will wait for the medications. 1 hour and 40 mins later!!! the medications are ready. The tech is about to hand him the meds when he stumbles on verifying the address on file (i usually pick up medications so he has no idea what address we had on file) she looks at him weird and says "hold on the pharmacist needs to speak to you" keep in mind my son is at home crying at the top of his lungs waiting for his meds! 10 mins pass and the pharmacist hands my husband the meds and says "do you have any questions?" Either the tech had no idea what she was doing or was a real a**hole! pharmacist apologizes and tells the tech to ring him up. She doesnt even look up or apologize. NEVER AGAIN! I will go out of my way and drive the extra 4 mi. to the other 24hrs location.
4	This used to be my "Walgreens of Choice" when I lived in the area back in the day. It's near work, so I'll still drop in every now and then if I need anything.This location is 24 hours and conveniently located in the center of Ahwatukee.It was recently-ish remodeled, and wow! When compared to a few years ago, the new look of the interior is night and day. The whole store seems much more spacious without display, dividers, etc. towering overhead.The aisles are brightly lit, clean and organized .  The pharmacy now has a walk-in clinic ran by PAs and NPs, a testing lab and a variety of vaccinations available.What's cool about this Walgreens is instead of overhead pages when your scrip is ready, you can simply look up at a screen to check the status (in process, ready). Today I dropped in for my flu shot, seeing as my physical with my PCP got pushed back to October.  With some awesome health conditions that make bounding back from the flu a real pain in the ass, no way was I going to wait that long. Or giving anyone a copay for something insurance covers. Quick, 15 minute in and out experience from the time my insurance was ran / forms signed to the pharmacist stabbing my arm. Would get my flu shot here next year if I'm in a bind. Or just for some dark chocolate covered acai berries ... Hah!
5	Amazing! Was in a real bind with my insulin prescription... No ones else could get it resolved till i just drove down talk to the pharmacist and he got it fixed np.
1	My husband and I got flu shots at this Take Care Clinic. The nurse told us she would submit the claims to our insurance company, and we spent about 20 minutes waiting for her to fill out all of the paperwork. A few weeks later, we got a bill in the mail from Take Care Clinic for the full price of our flu shots, which are supposed to be covered by insurance. We ignored it, thinking that maybe the insurance claim hadn't processed yet, and another bill came. My husband got suspicious and called Take Care Clinic. Turns out the nurse never submitted the claim to our insurance company. All the Take Care Clinic customer service representative said to my husband said was, "It looks like we didn't submit a claim to any health insurance. You will have to submit one directly to your healthcare provider yourself now." Seriously? Talk about awful customer service. Take Care Clinic didn't do what they were supposed to do, and now they expect my husband and I to do it ourselves instead of making it right. I'm never patronizing Walgreens Take Care Clinic again.
1	I've used this Walgreens for over than a year. I've have to deal with one of their techs yelling at me, one was too lazy to call the insurance company with a billing error and asked me to do it  and the pharmacist was rude.  I don't think they understand customer service at all.  I was not happy to have them tell  me it would take almost  two  hours to call the insurance company and rerun  it  when I had called then myself and it took all of less than 10 minutes.    After 4 trips and countless phone  calls I decided to take my prescription  business else where.  Oh yeah. .and all my other business too.  The pharmacy needs to hire competent , English speaking,  customer  focused pharmacy staff.  Going to CVS.
