4	Nice little hole in the wall with simple & fresh Mexican food.There's a full bar and happy hour from 4-7 everyday!  I'll admit, the shopping center this place is in may put you off... don't be scared.  The restaurant is a bit dated... continue not being scared.  Total comfort food awaits for those not easily deterred.
5	Love it here!! We've been going to Las Cazuelas for years now. It took a while to find a good mexican restaurant near our area when we 1st moved out here. Glad we finally found one. Fantastic service and great mexican food!
5	Good food, plenty on the plate, cheap prices.  The place is clean, service good.  You can call in orders for takeout.  We go there often.  Try the #2 or #3 dinners.
1	This place has turned into a real dive.  My wife and I used to go every Friday or Saturday night for  about  eight years starting back around 2003 but pretty much stopped going because the food quality really took a turn for the worse.  We have still gone there occasionally but pretty much for the cheap drinks but the food, if per chance served hot, was usually palatable but pretty much lacking in quality and taste.  A few nights ago we went with some out of town friends because they love margaritas and it was .99cent night.  I'll make a long story short.  Three of us ordered chimichangas and they appeared to have been reheated in the oven because they were burnt so badly they were actually black on top.  Although I sent mine back I could tell that my guests were embarrassed for me and went ahead and ate part of theirs anyway.  After about 25 minutes I was served another burnt chimichanga and now I was embarrassed so made the best of it.When I went to pay the bill I gave the hostess my credit card which she swiped while I was complaining about our experience.  She returned my credit card and said she understood and would not charge anything on the card.  She then came to our table  had me sign a receipt for 0.00.Now for the clincher, a few days later there was a charge on my credit card for the full amount of the bill!   I called the establishment to complain and was told a manager or the owner would return my call.  That was a couple of days ago and I've heard nothing.  Of course I'm going to attempt to have my credit card company reverse the charge but hopefully you now have some idea of the type of establishment this place has turned into.
5	Great food and great service! They were really nice and the food was good. They were very attentive and the seating arrangements were amazing
4	Since retiring here in AZ last year, my wife and I have looking for a good mexican resturant to have breakfast. We found it after our neighbor recommend we try it. It has been our Saturday (and sometimes Sunday) breakfast spot not only for us but the kids when they visit from California.The menudo is great along with the red and green salsa cups they serve with the complimentary chips. This is our main breakfast place on the weekends. Love it!!!
3	It's an ok place to get some ok mexican food.This has been my 3rd time here and each time the quality of the food and service has been lacking.  The place use to be full of customers and on my recent trip, there were only 7 of us in the restaurant.  Evidently, this did not increase our chances of receiving a hot plate nor the correct order.
4	We go here fairly often, usually on Tuesday or Thursday when they have 99 cent margaritas.  The food is very good, nice portions with a good variety.  The staff is friendly.  I would highly recommend it.
