5	Best Hookah Lounge.  The owner & staff are friendly and very attentive.  The place has a very relaxing feel and the deserts, tea and coffee are beyond words. What can I say, this is by far the best Hookah Lounge.
5	I am very glad to have visited this hookah lounge. it offers very relaxing atmosphere with beautiful decor with a very friendly and accommodating staff.  I have visited many hookah lounges throughout the valley, and this is by far the best one.  if you're looking for a laid back enjoyable hookah smoking experience this is a must visit.
5	The best hookah lounge so far in Arizona, and great customer service.. The owner is humble and down to earth. They will make u feel so relaxed with their hookah. Ask for special mixes "" must try"" and the fruit bowl hookah is amazing
5	Thousand nights hookah is the best hookah lounge and chill spot to go to the owner is so respectful he remembers everyone face and the environment is so relaxing you can just sit back and smoke and talk the service here is amazing they ask several times if your hookah Is fine and what can we do to make it better the hookah here is spectacular they have fruit that is fresh there hookahs are clean and it is smooth and flavor full they last long and you can never taste coal I smoke hookah every night and they meet my standards the owner nick is a very respectful he has had the establishment for only month come here a let's party relax and make some friends :)
5	Thousand nights is by far the best hookah lounge in the valley. You feel like it's your own place. Seating is extremely comfortable. Music isn't too loud, excellent place to sit and read or even get work done. The owner doesn't look at you like a dollar sign and you feel like he appreciates you as a friend. Recommend to anyone.
5	Everything about this place is great. Their hookahs are way better than those by Mill. The hookah lasts for hours, the owner and staff are very friendly.The atmosphere is very relaxing and comfortable.  This is honestly the best hooka lounge I have been to.
5	Great atmosphere to be in when relaxing and unwinding!   The owner sat down and explained the reason for the fruit in this experience.  I like when I become a educated customer thanks Nick!
5	Nabeel made us feel VIP the first time we went there. I like how he wants to attract quality people and not college rug-rats who are loud and obnoxious.His shisha is clean and smokes smooth.Great customer service.
2	I don't believe all these 5 star reviews can be real. They must be friends of the owner because this was the most sleazy, money-grubbing experience I've ever had. They try to squeeze every penny out of you in such an uncomfortable way. Once I was seated I was asked what I would like to drink, I replied "nothing right now, thanks." The server then told me that I'm required to buy a drink. I felt bad for her, because it was such an awkward thing to have to tell someone. I wondered what would happen if I refused... would they kick me out? They lost any future business from me right there and then anyway. Its not like it was busy either, there was one other table occupied. Then I was told that me and my three friends couldn't share a hookah, we had to pay for two, even if sharing only one."Oh but we don't have menus" so here have an awkward moment using my point of sale app on my iPad so you can decide a flavor, because we don't want to spend the money to print a list of flavors. The thing was, I wasn't looking for a bargain. I really wasn't concerned about the price. But by being forced to buy multiple hookahs and forced to buy a drink it made the experience very negative, despite the fact that I would have purchased those things anyway. Otherwise the service was good, but I mean there was no one else there so I can't give them too much credit. And the hookah was sub par. The vent on the hookah was clogged (this is something you would only notice if you have a lot of experience with hookahs) meaning you can't clear the jar of smoke and it doesn't hit efficiently. This is a sign that they don't maintain them very well. This was the case on both of the hookahs we ordered. I had to open the valves myself and clean out the bearings there so we could vent our hookahs properly. When I worked at a hookah lounge we would replace your hookah if the valve was not working properly. The server insisted I smoked from a piece of fruit instead of a ceramic head. After telling her "no" more than once I finally submitted, and as I expected the fruit provided less smoke than a ceramic head. I imagine they use some cheap tobacco that burns up really quick, so they push the fruit to make it last longer. It does last longer, but at the expense of good and heavy smoke. MY ADVICE TO THE MANAGEMENT: Instead of trying to squeeze every penny out of your customers in order to raise your average sale, try to provide great experiences. By the lack of customers on a Friday night, I'm guessing your current methods aren't working very well!
5	I've never once had a bad experience here from the service to the actual hookah -yeah it's a little pricey but it's 100% worth the money. The flavors are the best out of all the hookah lounges I've been to. The owner and staff are always so wonderful and make sure you're comfortable and make it a very personal experience, make sure your coals are just right and you never have to ask for anything because there are usually routine table checks in five minutes or less. For them just getting started a good four months ago I'm highly impressed. Not to mention the ventilation in this place is wonderful, unlike most hookah lounges, you don't have to walk outside to get a breather here. I'm prone to headaches and getting sick in smoggy and loud places like most hookah lounges in tempe, but I've yet to experience that here which without a question has won me over. Only thing I'll say is yes, the price is a little pricey and yes they have little additions that do add up but you're never required to upgrade anything and they don't have an issue telling you the prices for anything you're curious about -either way you ARE getting what you pay for.  And to those who get cold easily, be sure to bring a sweater or wear jeans. It's just a little cold in here. ENJOY!
1	I cant really understand the 5 stars, i went with my fiance and boy xan i tell you, they treated us like we were gonna rob them, but in reality, we were the ones who felt robbed. Our server was pushy and would barely let us talk amongst ourselves, at first it was sweet, but it got old really fast. We were told that getting a ceramic bowl would only let us smoke for a half hour, but having smoked hookah for 3  years, we knew that wasnt the case. We politely refused the fruit bowl and went along our way. The atmosphere was calming and a nice change from our usual spot until the shift change.  Our new server was rude and would cut me off when i asked a question.  He told us it was mandatory to fet a whole new hookah after 2 hours of smoking, but our bowl was still going strong. After he inturruped me several times we decided it was time to go. When we went up to split the bill of about 21 dollars we ended up paying 15 a piece!  They snuck in charges and we were not happy! The only reason i feel ok in giving this place a single star is not only because i have to, but because i liked the atmosphere and thats it!
5	This is my favorite hookah bar. Went here on a whim because this is the only bar open past 2am around the metro area that we know of. I have been to King Tut and my best friend has been to hubbly bubbly and white cloud, and we both agree other places don't compare. The girl that waited on us was very nice and super informative (warned us double apple is actually black licorice, ew) and the manager was so caring. He gave us cheesecake on the house because he said his friend had some left over. He really cares about his business. Aside from the workers, this place is super clean, the music isn't obnoxiously loud like most bars, and it's not as crowded as the other bars. Wide variety of hasheesh, good food, great turkish coffee, and they even have ice tips that help the smoke go down smoothly. Only downside is no smoking cigarettes in the building, which is understandable. Definitely making this our regular hookah spot.
5	This is the best customer service I've ever had. Not just at a hookah bar but in general. So I'll start with that:Customer service 5/5: the manager greeted us with a smile as we walked in. We mentioned that we had never been to this hookah lounge and he directed us to the server, told her we were curious about the pricing and that it was our first time there so "treat them well" our server was kind and informative. She told us about the flavor pricing and when we say down showed us their flavors. She explained about mixing flavors and told us when things would cost more (mixing 4 flavors, etc). She also offered us ice tips to make our hookah more smooth and a fruit bowl so the shesha would last longer. Less than a minute after my friend and I mentioned being hungry, they brought us pretzels. I asked the manager if they sold food and he told us no. But then came back with free cheesecake because a friend of his brought the staff some earlier.  They're checking on us consistently. Atmosphere: 5/5 They have a sports game playing on the tv and music playing but it's not too loud like most places. The seating is comfortable and well set up. There is a fountain in here which Just adds to the chill atmosphere Pricing: the pricing is great. Not too expensive. Probably around the same if not cheaper than most places. You can mix 3 flavors together before they charge extra and they add Ice tips to your hookah hose for 2.99 and replace the tip when it warms for free. The Turkish coffee is not only good, but also fairly priced. I will only come back to this hookah bar because the owner, you can really tell, cares about his business and his customers and his staff. He is really nice and they have own me over.
5	Been to several hookah places, but never one with such passion for customer service. From the time you enter to the time you leave, it is pure old school positive customer service. The place is NICEEEE!! They have comfortable couches and it is decorated very nicely. If you go here, other hookah joints will never compare!
5	Best hookah in chandler. Sheesha flavors are really good. Owner nick, service, atmosphere, and decor are awesome!!! Got hooked up with custom flavors to take home. Highly recommend this place and wil be returning time after time. Thumbs up
5	The best hookah place I have ever been to here in AZ. The staff are super friendly.
5	I wish I could give this lounge more stars. Amazing hookah lounge , excellent customer service . Mo and nick really make you feel at home . They constantly make sure everything is okay. The customer service that is given by the waitress was phenomenal. I smoke hookah primarily in NY ( where I'm from) and this is the best experience I have have ever had . Definitely try the glass hookah, it's worth the extra money,trust me . If I lived in Arizona I would make this a regular spot for me . The only hookah lounge that I've been to that sells fumari brand Shisha which is a hugeee plus for me. Definitely making sure I come back here next time I'm in the area . Overall a great experience !!!!
5	Awesome customer service and really comfortable atmosphere, the inside was well kept and very nicely decorated. All of the staff were kind and tentative to guests. Would definitely recommend going to this lounge, and in the future I will return here over other lounges. They even have a full sized water fountain inside, Classy
5	Place is really nice and great to just chill. Indoor fountain makes it really classy and the service is great. Everyone at this place really helped us out very well and made this place super chill. Unlike a lot of hookah places, this location is clean. This is definitely the best place I chandler and we will be coming back often.
5	The second I walked in, I knew this place would be amazing. My expectations were based around all the hookah bars out in tempe by the ASU campus, and I can confidently say that this hookah bar is way better than any of those locations. The owner is super friendly and always gives you a warm welcome when you walk in. The hospitality and the ambiance of the place is absolutely perfect as well. And most importantly, the hookah doesn't suck!! They are always making sure the coals are good and something about the way they prepare the hookah just works perfectly. Doesn't get harsh right away like most places I've been to. Highly recommend going here!!
5	Been to quite a few hookah bars around AZ this is by far the best one I have been to! Great ambience with amazing music! The owners are excellent always offering excellent service! The flavors are great, and always a good time with friends. Will come back to this hookah lounge again soon!
5	Awesome hookah place in chandler. Enjoyed it with my friends here. Good price and awesome service. Unique flavors with actual fruit as the hooka bowls. Something you must try.
