2	I came here after work on a saturday and I walk in and this lady looks at me like she hated working there.  I ordered my sub and when she asked me what I wanted on my sub, I said "just lettuce" twice.  At time same time I was paying for my order and I repeated to her again to add lettuce on it.  After I paid and went home and checked my sub ... of course she did NOT add lettuce on it.  I was pretty aggravated because I even gave her a tip and she couldnt even get my order right. Ugh! I probably wont go back to this specific quiznos again.
3	Quizno's is Quizno's pretty much. This one is located in a strip mall off of Flamingo. It's right next to a Zaba's Mexican Grill. The parking lot is a zoo during lunch hours. The inside is clean. The staff is friendly. I've only stopped in once after work to grab a sandwich to go. The sandwich was decently made. I asked for extra banana peppers and I received them. Strangely enough I saw that this Quiznos had a bottle of the Batch 88 sauce out. I haven't see the Batch 88 sauce out at the Quizno's that is closer to my house. I love that stuff. Remember when Quizno's used to have a little bar where they had the sauce and banana peppers and other sauces so you could grab them at your convenience? I do. But I never see that little bar in Quizno's anymore.Overall - they make decent sandwiches, they complied to my add ons with no fuss, and the store was clean (from what I saw of it), can't complain, it's a decent place.
1	Very disappointed with the service and quality of food. Sandwich barely had three thin slices of meat and the cheese was so thin you couldn't taste it. The person making my sandwich couldn't understand me, language barrier, and I had to repeat myself several times. Also I was getting the lunch special. A small sandwich, soda and chips. I asked if I could a small soup in lieu of the chips and soda and was told yes for more money. (Again a language barrier). I'm very unhappy that there wasn't a slightly more healthy alternative. Oh well. will not come here again.
1	HORRIBLE WORKERS. I went in to create my own sandwich and the guy there said I couldn't choose my own sauces so he put them on for me, he burnt my sandwich, charged me extra for stuff I didn't order and forgot to give my change back. Not once did he apologize for any of these things and he also had a horrible attitude. Not cool.
3	Came here only to use their bathroom. It was very clean but the men's toilet clogs. You also need a bathroom key.
