5	Hi, first time reviewer, long-time reader.  Yea.  You might be asking yourself what made me get up off my butt and begin to actively participate in this shenanigan we call web 2.0.  Well I'll tell you what.  It's tacos.  More specifically dollar tacos.  EVEN more specifically, the best tacos I've had since a street corner in Veracruz, Mexico.El Casa Grande is an extremely authentic quaint little restaurant on South Blvd.  I can't vouch for their whole menu, but what I can vouch for is there tacos.  Every Tues & Wed they have dollar taco night.  These are the best nights of the week.  The tacos are simple soft-shell tacos with the flour tortilla quickly fried in some butter on the grill so their edges get slightly crisp.  They are then filled with the most delicious, succulent meat possible; all of your choosing of course.  Options include al Pastor (pork), Carnitas (fried pork), Beef (steak), Barbeque Beef (BBQ steak), Chicken (chicken), and Ground beef (you guessed it).  They then get topped with cilantro and diced onion.  They are served with a warm jalapeno pepper, a grilled onion (scallion bulb) -- which are worth ordering as a full side, and a lime.  Furthermore, every table gets FREE chips / HOMEMADE salsa.In a nutshell, this place is as authentic as it gets and cheap as a handshake.  Tonight, I had 4 tacos and a Negra Modelo for $7.97 and left stuffed.This place is worth the visit to a part of town you probably avoid.  Go.  Go now.(also -- if you're worried about it being too authentic -- the kitchen received a 98.0 sanitation rating which is higher than the cafeteria for the hospital where I work.  :-P)
4	When I'm an out-of-towner, I certainly go with what the locals have to recommend and if you want cheap quick Mexican food they said to go to Casa Grande.  So we did.  10 of us were quickly and easily seated.  Not all of us arrived at the same time and the staff had no problem with that.  There were two kinds of salsa: one more fresca and the other your typical saucy kind.  I sipped up the smooth salsa and chomped away on chips and cheese dip.  Our orders were taken quickly and drinks came out promptly.  The sodas were flat and that was fixed immediately, but my beer came out with a nice chilled glass so I was content.  My lunch Speedy Gonzalez (taco, enchilada and rice or beans) was only $3.75!  In no time our food came out and there was not a single error on the food orders, which is impressive to me when you've got 10 orders and everything is so fast.  Everyone was full and most plates were cleaned although I couldn't finish the taco or the beans.  Flavor was somewhat lacking, but it was sufficient.  I'd go back again because of the service and ease with which we were taken care of in addition to those great prices.  Great lunch!
4	Oooooh, what's this? A huge, delicious torta for 6.50? With perfectly ripe avocado, just the right amount of jalapeno, a crusty, toasty bolillo, and so much delicious queso and huevo that they knew to wrap BOTH ends to preserve it's structure 'till the very last bite?This might be it. Might be. The Torta I have been searching for.At first scan, the menu could put the veggies off, but if you tengo a little espanol, they're awesome about making it work, at least bean + cheese wise. So get the torta, or the enchiladas, or the tostadas, or the burrito - but make sure to grab a papusa too - they're good here, with that delicate slaw, and some weird bean broth I'd never had. Two salsas as you sit - both good - green's better. On the list for next trip - Chilaquiles, and maybe one of those open-faced burritos I'd only ever seen at Lempira. They dabble in Ecuadorian but not deeply enough for tostones, sadly.Who cares. Torta, I ruv you.
4	It's easy to drive by and not think twice about stopping. This little restaurant does not offer curb appeal. Tucked in a shopping strip, the main draw is the brightly colored sign offering $1 tacos on Tuesday and Wednesdays (in Spanish). However, thanks to Yelp and reviews (especially one from my personal friend, Julia S.) my husband and I took a chance and are so happy we did! The food is delicious! They have various offerings of Mexican, Colombian, or Honduran fare. Each day they have a lunch special for $6!! Everything is fresh, large portion, and friendly service. I got a huge bowl of soup, rice, salad, tostones, and carne asada (I was craving a bit of meat). Husband got a veggie burrito with rice, beans, and salad. Yummy!! Their salsa (red and green) is very fresh and flavorful too. They mainly speak Spanish, but you'll have no problem communicating what you'd like. They also have a little pastry section and small bar.Go, you'll thank me...so will your taste buds and wallet!
4	A friend of mine once said "The sketchier the strip mall, the better the Mexican food" well this holds true when it comes to Casa Grande! I met a fellow Yelper here the other day and thank God we went for lunch because god only knows what it would have been like during night time. Casa Grande is authentic, like menus all in spanish with no english whatsoever and no pictures authentic. I took four years of spanish and grew up in South Florida so I like to think I can get by with my espanol skills. They have lunch specials of the day and I saw pollo y arroz so I had a semi understanding of what lunch would consist of. So much food for only six bones (check the pics) plus they give you soup as well which was brothy and full of veggies-woo hoo!The chicken was delicious and anytime I can get a serving of potatoes and rice, I'm happy for I am a gal who likes the carbs. I finished half of the plate and took the rest to go so really it's two meals for $6, my kind of place!
3	Nothing really stands out about Casa Grande.  It looks like a lot of Mexican restaurants located in strip malls.  I stopped there for lunch on a Saturday because I was craving Mexican.  It's a nice place, with a friendly staff.  It is definately authentic.  Brush up on your Spanish as the menu's, at least the one I got, are mostly in Spanish.  I ordered the enchilada potosina and while I watied my server brought out some chips & salsa.  It took a little bit to get my food.  There was a lot of food on the plate and it looked tasty.  Enchiladas potosina is more like an empanadas than what you'd traditionally would think of an enchilada.  They were a little bland though for my taste.  My server asked if I wanted some spicier salsa and brought out a bowl of salsa verde that had a nice kick to it.  Over all the service was good, but the food was a bit bland, though the salsa verde spiced it up nicely.  I'd try Casa Grande again but probably would choose something different.
4	being new to the area and finally regaining my desire to eat tacos again (had just been to mexico a couple months ago and ate tacos everyday for almost a week), i decided to hit up yelp for a local taco shop. since i live down from south blvd. and have seen all the spanish all up and down the street, i figured it was best to try my neighborhood first.my husband, 3 year-old and i hit up casa grande yesterday night--hoping for dollar taco tuesdays (according to a previous review). however, it seems management has had problems with it in the past and have since removed that from their weekly deals. no bother. their tacos are only $1.75 a piece, delicious and filling. my husband always gets tacos de lengua, and i always get tacos al pastor. we were both not disappointed, and we both ordered an extra al pastor a piece to round out the yummy in our tummies. my husband often gets jugo de tamarindo (i think that's what it's called--he speaks spanish, but i do not), and it was large and in charge! i got a coke and realized that i probably should have got the juice. it seems that they dabble in other latin american cuisine--like el salvadorean, honduran, and colombian. service was friendly and accomodating (for a picky kid that actually does not like cheese quesadillas), food was delicious, and the price was right. the place was a bit of a hole, but that's never stopped me before when i've got a hankering for good, authentic food. we will definitely be going back!
3	This place is about as sketchy as sketchy strip mall joints get! Heading in here for a late lunch on Sunday, the place looked like it was under renovations with paint being stripped everywhere and I think the AC wasn't really working either because it was pretty hot in there.The food was very good with a variety of options for everyone, but I have a problem that 2 of our orders were brought out about 20 minutes after everyone else. Also I noticed their fairly low sanitation grade. Well I don't mind after having toured through SEA your standards change a bit, but some people are picky about that.Go check it out, I don't have much experience with Mexican food but it seems quite authentic seeing as how most of the menu is in Spanish! It made ordering a bit harder than usual but you'll get huge portions of yummy food!
2	This place was very clean, service was good, and the food was good.  I went in at 1:30 on a Monday, and I was the only one in there.  I ordered nachos with ground beef, and got nachos with chicken.  They were good, just not what I ordered, and I chalked it up to a language barrier.  The health department rating was 86, but I'm pretty sure that after an inspection like that, changes get made.  No refills on soda, you get a can and a glass of ice.  I may try them again at some point, but I'm in no hurry.
5	I used to live in El Salvador and this is the closest to food from home I have ever had in the entire US, (I also lived in California where they claim to have the best latin food outside latin america.) SOOOOOO GOOODD.The pupusas, baleadas, horchata is all authentic as can be.
5	I have to say the guayaba & cheese empanadas are so so good. Food is also awesome. I'm from NYC and we can hardly find good spanish food here in Charlotte. Service was good and fast. Also tried colombian pan de bono was delicious & fresh. I had bistec a la caballo which was a huge plate (They serve plenty of food for $10). Also taste salvadoren pupusas which were ok, but ecuadorian bolones were delicious (try with black cofee) Overall food was excellent and I really recommend this restaurant. FYI: this restaurant does not only have mexican food (saw previous reviews). They have colombian, central american and ecuadorian Food (usually people get confused thinking that spanish food=mexican and that is totally incorrect). FYI: restaurant's name changed recently to "Las Americas".
1	This is not the same place anymore
3	This place is now "Las Americas" and its Colombian food. It's authentic and the people are nice, but nothing about it really stood out.
