5	As someone who used to play the violin I really appreciate this place. I was most recently here at Christmas seeing The Nutcracker Ballet with my boyfriend. Thanks for coming with me baby! :) They usually feature a mixture of orchestra concerts, ballets, operas, and musical performances. Coming here is a great way to support the Arts in Arizona, and I have never been less than amazed by the performances they put on here. Located in the heart of downtown Phoenix, The Symphony would make a great cultured date or place to bring an out of towner. P.S The new Nutcracker was brilliant, check it out next Xmas you won't be disappointed!
4	The Phoenix Symphony Hall is right around the corner from the Washington and 3rd Street Metro Rail stop. What a nice alternative to the parking nightmare downtown can be sometimes, especially if there is more than one event going on. From the looks of the return crowd at the station, it seemed that plenty of people shared our enthusiasm for the new access to downtown culture.Symphony Hall is a very nice venue, with huge hallways perfect for mingling, a couple of espresso bars, a gift counter, and good sized restrooms. The seats are fairly comfortable, with enough leg room that this 5'11" girl can actually stretch her legs all the way out. I have found the ushers and staff always friendly.I've seen a number of concerts, special performances, and operas here over the years, and although I am grossly unqualified to judge the quality of the symphony itself, I have enjoyed most everything I have seen. I do like that they offer a wide variety of programs, from The Flying Dutchman to Bugs Bunny on Broadway, and make an effort to appeal to people of varying musical tastes.
4	Beautiful space inside! good acoustic and illumination. Went here to check "Carmen". The Opera was 3 stars, but the place is really fancy and the last minute tickets for students... a deal I can't miss anymore!. To make me happy, ladies have more restrooms available (still, better run in the intermission). The coffee is ok for being a place that profits more on drinks. Cookies are OVER PRICED, but that's why you should get some food first or be patient until show is over.
4	Leave time for parking & foot traffic! Otherwise, once you're settled in the area, this venue is in a great location and close to restaurants and coffee shops for before or after the performance! The box office is easily accessible and well-designed. The ushers were all very helpful and knowledgeable of the area as well as the hall itself. I attended the Phoenix Ballet, "Don Quixote", and it was a marvelous afternoon performance in a nicely appointed venue!
5	Last weekend my boyfriend surprised me with a date to the opera to see the adaptation of William Shakesphere's Othello called Otello. The opera was being performed at Symphony Hall in downtown Phoenix. It is one of the few performing arts locations I had not been too and I have nothing bad to say about it. The sound was great and the seats were comfortable. It is very nice inside with different paintings, sculptures, etc on display. Parking in downtown Phoenix can be tough and pricey, but we were able to get there early to grab a drink at a local bar and found metered parking..and since it was a Saturday evening we didn't have to pay the meter...SCORE!  I would go back to see other performances here!
2	A big, ugly gray building does not make me feel awe-inspired and magical the way a good live theater venue should. The insides are new and functional, but equally plain looking. Everything is always very clean and in good working order but I just can't seem to get over the aesthetics of the place enough to actually enjoy myself at all until the curtain goes up. I will admit that the theater space has great acoustics and the other facilities are completely adequate. The staff/volunteers are both friendly and helpful. The bar always has a long line during intermissions but that is typical of all theaters this size. Basically, I have no issues with the place; I just wish that is was prettier.
5	We had a lovely evening here. Yes, it's the symphony, so expect some mellow music, older crowd, and drinks at intermissions only. Show up on time and behave :). Our experience was the "Paul McCartney" tribute. The first half was all Orchestra and the second, Orchestra with a Paul coverband. Odd? Well, yeah, but it was a great show. I felt like the poor Phoenix Symphony got left in silence for the second half. There was a glass barrier placed and the cover band plugged themselves more times than there were outlets in the entire building. I wanted more Orchestra. Oh well. It was still good, but I could have seen this portion at Casino AZ on a Monday or something. Onto the building... It's really one of the nicer ones downtown. I have big love for the glass chandeliers and open layout. They kept the "old', but also upgraded the furniture and carpeting. It does feel classy and a bit majestic. Clean and classy. I did feel as though the Orchestra was a bit too "crammed". The stage was packed. I wouldn't be able to breathe, let alone sit next to someone playing an instrument next to me. They did it well, though. They all remained poised and professional. The building, ambiance, and musical talent made this a great evening. It was comforting and inviting. Allowed for relaxation and a romantic date. I would highly suggest making a trip here to experience what Phoenix has to offer. Our arts are so important after all.
3	My wife and I went to see Cavalleria Rusticana and Pagliacci last sat night. The show was good, sound was good, we were on row 23 and it did seem a little low but maybe next time we will sit a little closer. The concessions were a low note, only 2-people serving and the lines were long.
5	What an excellent facility this was! I had never been to the symphony or the opera until receiving Yelp tickets to see Faust. The building was larger than I expected, yet easy to navigate. I didn't feel herded like I do trying to move around Gammage. The lights and decor were wonderful and multiple areas to purchase drinks made it easier. Also the availability of restrooms made it much easier than Gammage. We were in the back section of the lower seating and the sound was wonderful. The play was in French, but a nice display provided subtitles so that we could follow along. I would definitely go back to see either the symphony or another opera. It was a great evening out! Parking was also convenient in a nearby parking deck ($12).
4	Each year for the past 5 years, my son and I have made it a holiday tradition to come to Symphony Hall and see the Nutcracker. This review is based on the Nutcracker presentations solely.The show itself has been up and down over the years. This year, we agreed that the evening show on 12/11 was the best one yet. The dancers were light on their feet with very few mistakes. The only thing that needs to change is the price and quality of concessions. I'm sorry but if I want Safeway cookies, I'll go get Safeway cookies. If I'm going to pay $3 for a cookie...it better not be a Lofthouse cookie. All in all, it's been a great time over the past 5 years sharing the Nutcracker with my son and making Christmas memories. I'm looking forward to going back.
4	Been here to see the Nutcracker Ballet and recently the Cirque de la Symphonie.  Both performances were very enjoyable.  I highly recommend sitting up as close as possible. It is a pretty small stage.  There are multiple ways to get to your seats so it doesn't feel too crowded.  The seats are pretty tight, but overall the venue is clean and feels updated. There is a parking garage directly across from Symphony Hall-$12.  You may want to check if there is anything else going on that night, because if there is, it may be full and you may have to take a little walk.
5	Went with a group from Yelp for the CMYE: Opening Night of Giselle, and I have to admit this was my first time at Symphony Hall, what an amazing building, the art work from the lights to the seats, to the walls, everything done with such great detail, and when you walk in you can tell you are in a grand building! We had seats up in the baloney, second row in the center, and were able to see the stage clearly; I don't think you could have a bad seat in Symphony Hall.Giselle was a beautiful ballet to watch, enjoyed the show! I now will make sure to follow up on what is happening at Symphony Hall and make more trips to this grand place!
5	Giselle is one of the most classical ballets of all time.  I was so excited to receive my ticket for CMYE Opening Night of Giselle last week.  I had seat in the top area, but were able to see and hear the performance.  The costumes were so exquisite, and the beautiful stage production was so well thought out.  The dancers and orchestra were magnificent!   This is one performance you do not want to miss. Thank you so much for Lindsey and Symphony Hall for an unforgettable evening!
5	CMYE Opening Night of Giselle was a fantastic event!  This was a great event that I am so happy I got to attend.  Our seats were perfect and I didn't miss any of the show.  The production of Giselle was wonderful and I loved the costumes and set design.  Thank you Lindsey and Symphony Hall for an unbelievable night.  I cannot wait to check out Romeo and Julie.
5	Anyone who says Phoenix lacks culture has yet to visit Symphony Hall. Symphony Hall reflects a sense of Arizona culture in the sense that the architecture reminds of Frank Lloyd Wright's work. The Hall is beautiful and very spacious. Upon stepping foot through the doors of Symphony Hall, I immediately get the sense of being in a booming metropolis. The staff is friendly and helpful and they even have a local shop where you can buy different gifts. The acoustics at Symphony Hall are very nice and I doubt there's a bad seat in the house. The symphony does an excellent job with their quality and sound level of their music and it compliments the performers on stage...even a cat's meow would sound beautiful! The entire performance center is gorgeous and I think it's a must-visit if you live in Phoenix. You have your choice between the Symphony, Ballet AZ and the Opera so pick your performance poison and discover Symphony Hall!
5	The Symphony Hall will always have a special place in my heart, since I associate it with spending time with my mom and sister, watching the ballet and symphonies growing up.Yelp provided the latest opportunity for us to see the Nutcracker this Sunday. The Symphony Hall was just as I remembered it when I was little. However, it threw me off since the front entrance is now directly connected to the Convention Center. This was actually quite nice since you can park in the convention center parking garage and go directly indoors through the convention center lobby to the Symphony Hall without having to go outside when it's cold or super hot outside depending on the season.I loved walking in and seeing the giant lighted Christmas tree and the storyteller surrounded by small children, listening to him read from a storybook. The open shop was selling Nutcracker souveniers like Christmas ornmaents, shirts, and CDs. There were the bars serving hot chocolate, coffee, and holiday drinks. All memories were intact, just as I remembered it! The Nutcracker ballet itself had changed, but for the better! There was a ton of special effects. The opening scene was gorgeous with the ornate ballroom. The rat costumes were hilarious! I loved them. Even the Nutcracker himself had the most adorable costume. I'm used to seeing costumes at Disney light up and have special effects, but I never expected our own valley Nutcraker to have all the same effects. These special effects never took away from the actual ballet though. The artistry and talent of the ballet dancers was evident and classic even with the added modern effects. Those ballet dancers were truly amazing, and I'm so grateful that this traditional delight can still being enjoyed by people of all ages and backgrounds.
4	The building itself has that Frank Lloyd Wright 70s vibe going on...not my taste, but our City isn't very old so I can live with this minor aesthetic annoyance.  (Remember when they almost tore the Orpheum down? Not cool. Fight to keep history here folks...)Anyway, anytime I hear people begrudgingly ask "What is there to do in Phoenix?"  I would have to suggest: We do have culture here, if you're willing to venture outside of your comfort zone and outside of the suburbs. Phoenix is privileged enough to have an Opera Company and Ballet Company who are great at what they do. I saw the Nutcracker most recently and GOODNESS, they all had impressive resumes.  The conductor, and costume designer were definitely stand outs.  As audience members we are supremely lucky because the venue itself is small enough to ensure you will have a fantastic seat no matter where you are.I will go back. I can't wait to go back. My soul craves this, as should yours.
5	Such a beautiful venue. Since October 2012, I have been 3 times: once for the Day of the Day performance and twice for the Nutcracker. Every time, I am wowed by this place. The performances are beautiful, engaging and well done, employees are friendly, and I don't think there is a bad seat in the house. There is a gift shop, couple of bars, and bakery that serves coffee, as well. I also like that there is a desk where you can check out a booster seat for small children. Very helpful.
4	Great place to see a ballet! Get fancy, go out to dinner, and then see a show here!Only giving four stars because I think the place could use some updating (carpet, sculptures, etc.)
4	Very nice venue.  I liked it better when they had the front plaza entry before the convention center expansion.
4	I can't wait to go until the another show.  I don't know that there is a bad seat in the house.  I did order a drink before the ballet began and the bartenders where very courteous.
4	Went to watch Romeo and Juliet with my wife. We loved the performance. It is a little confusing to get into, but we managed to finally find an entrance. (the box office is off 2nd street). Sat really close to the front, 6th row. We got there late and had to sit up top. Anywhere you sit really is great acoustics and the view.I really enjoyed the orchestra playing below us. No single instrument was overly dominant. IT was a good balance the whole time.I'd go back for another show. (snacks are okay.)
4	Let me start by saying if your going to visit the Symphony Hall in downtown Phoenix make sure you take care of your parking arrangements early. There is virtually no free parking downtown and we arrived almost an hour an half early for our show. Here is a very valuable tip: Go to the Herberger Center....buy a 3 dollar parking pass and park in the Arizona Center Parking Garage. Now the trick here is there must be an event going on at the Herberger for you to get the pass....but that shouldn't be a problem because there is always something going on there. Also this tip is only good if your willing to WALK....now don't get me wrong the Herberger.....Collier.....and Symphony Hall are all close together. Not to mention the Phoenix Convention Center....US Airways Arena.....and Chase Field are also within walking distance as well. Now since there are a ton of Senior Citizens that come to events at the theatre's especially.....if your traveling with them.....just drop them off....get the parking pass and then you can walk to the venue and meet them. Now that that issue is covered back to the Symphony Hall itself. This is an awesome venue with easy access to your seats and plenty of wide open space for you to move around....mingle....enjoy a cocktail....and of course see a wonderful performance by the Phoenix Symphony Orchestra. The wife and I had tickets to see Patti Austin perform songs by Ella Fitzgerald....Duke Ellington.....Frank Sinatra.....Judy Garland.....and George Gershwin. We had pretty good seats considering we are "SEAT FILLER" members which by the way is an awesome program. The tickets for this concert were 59 bucks a piece.....our SEAT FILLER program is only 40 bucks for two people for an ENTIRE YEAR. So with that being said we definitely got our money's worthNow I have seen both Wynton Marsalis and Tony Bennett in concert but I have never seen Patti Austin or a symphony orchestra for that matter in person. I have to say Patti Austin did deliver as advertised but the Phoenix Symphony Orchestra was AWESOME. I highly recommend if you get a chance to hear the wonderful voice of 62 YEAR OLD Patty Austin....please do so. As for the Symphony Orchestra.....it is must HEAR entertainment to the MAX people.....go and listen for yourself if you don't believe me. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	Going to the Symphony is pretty amazing.  This is my fourth time coming here.  The first to two time where to see the ballet and last two time where to see the Symphony.  One thing I love about this Symphony Hall is that every time you walk in the door the staff here is always smiling and is ready to help you find your seat.  I will definitely be back to Symphony Hall to either see a Ballet or to see the Symphony.
4	The problem is the pitch. Not the perceived frequency of sound, rather the steepness of a slope or an object confirming to a slope.Acoustically this place is great, the sound is wonderful, everywhere from Millionaire Row at the front, to Paupers Pews at the back. If you come to listen to the symphony, then relax in your comfortable seat, close your eyes and you're all set. However, if you come to watch something or other moving about on the stage, then cross your fingers and hope you don't get a seat behind an adult sized human, because if you do, he or she will be all you are looking at for the duration of the show. The oompa loompa sized architects really didn't take into account anyone over the height of, what, maybe 5 foot when they designed this place. Or maybe the first show was The Hobbit and they figured everything was ok.Good for Kids? - Only if they are sitting in front of you, not if you are one.
5	My favorite things about symphony hall is how much culture to which it is actually a performance home. The ballet, the opera, the symphony, and more. You need not look further than symphony hall if you are in search of something to bring some depth and beauty into your every day life. If you have a student ID you can get tickets to performances for $10 immediately before the start of any performance. You fill a seat basically. You may have great seats. You may have not so great seats. The point is that you get out and get some culture in your youth at a very low price. Fill your life with beauty and culture. You will always find something worth while filling the space at symphony hall.
5	I love the symphony hall.  It is a good size venue, not too large where the cheap seats feel super far away.  Acoustics are great and the ushers are friendly.  Also the bathrooms are large enough that the lines are not too bad (if you wait until the end of intermission).
4	Loved the phoenix symphony, the sets, the dancers. minor disappointment that it is geared towards children. No sign of the musicians= is there an elevator/riser to bring them up to view- at least at beginning & end?  had to keep reminding myself that it was a live performance.the architecture of symphony hall is wonderful.
4	this place hosts so many cultural events, shows, etc. Took the wife here for the Nutcracker last week and as usual, it's such an enchanting performance. the acoustics are wonderful. we had the cheap seats and even with those, you could see and hear with complete clarity. the foyer was decorated exquisitely in christmas decor. the bathrooms are plentiful and clean. before the performance and during intermission, there are multiple coffee, snack, and alcohol bars to purchase drinks/snacks. parking in one of the nearby garages makes for an easy downtown orientation, or you can take the light rail. overall a great experience.
5	I was lucky enough to get tickets for the John Williams/Steven Spielberg concert here not long ago.  It was my first visit to Symphony Hall since it underwent an extensive multi million dollar renovation years ago.  It was also my first time seeing the Phoenix Symphony in action since I was a kid.What. A. Show.The renovated building looks fantastic and modern with tremendous acoustics, comfortable seating, and great site lines.  The Symphony rose to the occasion playing John Williams' greatest hits with near perfection and even Spielberg was taken aback.  An amazing experience I'll never forget.The venue seats about 2,500 so it's just a bit smaller than Gammage Auditorium in Tempe, but has a much more intimate and luxurious feel.  Great place to come to catch the Symphony, a play, ballet, or lecture.  Wonderful home base for Phoenix's performing arts scene.
4	We saw Circ de la Symphonie and the show was incredible!! We had great seats even though we weren't in the front area. Parking was the only small inconvenience. As a first timer, we were not sure where to park. We found a parking garage across the way that was $12 cash only.
5	Beautiful! Excellent lighting and acoustics! Class all around! The lobby is elegant and the floorplan is well laid out.
4	Nice hall. Great acoustics. Well kept and new looking. Seats are a bit narrow though. If you are sitting next to someone who is using the armrest then you have to tuck your arms in close. That aside, a nice place to go for a performance.
5	After getting into this funny invention called a "car," we were off and headed to Symphony Hall for what the Muggle Studies professor calls "an orchestra show."  We were told we had to fit in.  Imagine if thousands of witches and wizards arrived by broomstick.  Those muggles would be so scared.  They're clearly of faint-heart.  It was a whirl of colors and sounds and somehow we found ourselves in a brightly lit lobby.  It is almost as gorgeous as the Grand Hall at Hogwarts!  How muggles manipulate "electricity" is beyond me.  Clearly floating candles would be more majestic and appropriate.  I wonder if Minister Shacklebolt warned the local muggles that Hogwarts was doing a special show in town.  There was a flurry of activities for the odd muggle children.  So many people were dressed as what they perceive wizards and witches look like.  How peculiar.  The Sorting Hat was in attendance and putting children in different houses.  There was also a wand making area where squibs can feel more like a witch or wizard as well.  Pointy metallic objects were being thrown around and I was worried that it'll gouge my eye out.  If one of the filthy little muggles threw it in my hair or my face, I would have thrown out a Bat-Bogey Hex regardless of the professor's watchful eye.  I later learned that the muggles call it "glitter."The show started at 2:30PM and the lights turned off faster than you can say, "Nox!"  The professor and the Gryffindork with us couldn't find our seats and an usher had to help us.  Had we been allowed to cast "Lumos," we wouldn't need the silly muggle to help us with her portable tube-thing with the light on the end.  A wand is so much more classy.  I was half-expecting Filch and Mrs. Norris to pop out and give us all detention but lucky for us, the muggle was nice.  Anyways, it was an hour of beautiful music and the acoustics was amazing.  Not a bad seat in the place!  Who knew a trombone and a harp can make such hauntingly beautiful music?  They acted out a skit with two Hogwarts student against a witch from the dungeons who was out to steal the conductor's wand.  At one point they told everyone to stand up to help cast, "Expelliarmus."  Had the professor not been sitting to my left, I would have cast, "Avada Kedavra."  Clearly it's a sure-fire way to defeat a dark witch.The show ended with a special tribute to a mouse.  Who even has a mouse anymore besides poor Ron Weasley?  I'm glad Scabbers died.  Anyways, the tribute was for a Mouse... a Mickey Mouse.  The composition was from Fantasia.  You can tell the muggle children were lost while the adults all had a look of nostalgia.  Anyways, now that I have Yelped my review instead of having to write a two-foot essay, extra credit is complete.[Just got back from the "Halloween at Hogwarts" show today if you couldn't tell.  Please don't take my Elite badge away because of my nerdom.  Toodles from The Slytherin Empress!]
2	The symphony hall is nice but the seats are not that high so watching a performance can be a challenge with so many heads in front of you.  The nutcrackers was disappointing. There was only a few moments that was very pretty. Some of the ballet dancers made some very noticeable mistakes. I have seen the nutcrackers while ago and it was a much better experience.
5	I attended The Nutcracker ballet on December 14, 2014 for the matinee show, where I reserved 1st row / center.  The Symphony Hall did a professional job accompanying this event, as well as all of us.  It is actually a beautifully clean building in & out with their trademark fancy chandeliers and a mix of newer furnishings & 'vintage' carpeting to help make it look both modern & elegant Art Deco at the same time, like a downtown hall common in big cities.  The actual appeal is the classic (yet modern) balconies.  The lobby is large & spacious which makes it easy to get around, especially when it's crowded (i.e. peak times).  The stage and audience seats are spacious, except that the seats were small / closer together that an attendee with long legs would usually have to get up and stand whenever somebody needs to walk past him/her to get to the seat (except for the 1st row), and also the back seats are not as high enough to view (i.e. bleacher) if one's seated behind a tall person.  The ushers & usherettes (Seniors) were accompanying and polite as well, especially while I was taking lots of photographs.  The acoustic during the performance was at a comfortably clear level and not too loud or soft.  The air conditioner was also at a comfortable level and possibly set low due to the wintertime and the ballet dancers.  And, the restroom was very clean, too!  I like to think that due to the ambiance of the Symphony Hall, it influences the (flawless) show to thrive ;)I look forward to attending various events at the Symphony Hall in the future!
