5	My favorite taqueria in Charlotte so far. Shame on you yelpers here for not finding and posting this place yet!My torta oaxaquena was great and full of that stringy cheese that makes it so special. My pastor taco had pineapple chunks mixed in and was pretty solid as well. My recommendation, get a taco and a torta, eat half the torta and the taco for lunch/dinner and save the other half of the torta for an excellent breakfast.
5	A hidden gem. Family-owned and authentic. What else do you want?
3	I had heard a bunch of good things about this place. I have traveled all over Mexico and was hoping this would get close to what they make. Customer Service was terrible, the cashier was tapping her foot while we looked at the menu, then I tried to order a Tlayuda and they were out. We ordered one of each kind of taco to be able to try everything. The campechanos and carnitas were really good. Barbacoa was bland and cold as well as the grilled jalapenos. Pastor was decent. Everything else okay. Sodas were warm. I really enjoyed the meal but they lacked on the service.
4	I'm a big fan of Mexican food , but all i tried is Americanised- Mexican food , couple of my Mexican friends took me to this place and I liked the food .. This is closest real Mexican food I ever had and I appreciate this restaurant .. I had a fountain drink - Jamaica and Sopes - it was good I enjoyed my lunch !!
5	I love going here with my significant other. It is by no means romantic but we're past the honeymoon stage.This place is cheap, fairly quick, and packed with latinos. To us, a good sign.It is what it is. Simple. I got the "fatajon strongest" (spelling?) without ham here. Quite the delicate sounding dish. And I am quite the delicate lotus flower. This was a while ago and I honestly do not remember everything in it but I believe it was beef, pepper, onion, and LOTS of cheese. Came with tortillas and it was very good and hearty. Honestly though, come here for the tacos. The tacos al pastor are good and $2 a taco. The verde sauce is excellent on them. There are many different tacos here. $2 is a great deal. This is my go to when I don't want to spend $30+ on a meal for two. Our check is always between $18-24.Come here with a friend or after work for a bite if you work a 9-5. Or maybe you're a stripper, whatever, come get some tacos.
3	This is a very local taco joint, almost everyone in there is spanish. We decided to try it out because my bf is craving some real mexican food, and it has good review on yelp. We order 4 tacos (tripa, lengua, chorizo, and carnitas) and comb tortas.  Also 2 hachatas while we are waiting.The staff is not the friendliest or most efficient, and you better know spanish if you want some food from here. After waited at least 20 minutes for our order we finally got it. Ok, the tacos looks really, but they taste very dry all of them. There's barely any taste to them, and the tripa tasted burn. My bf's tortas is pretty decent. I don't know if it's a one time mistake or what, but I am not impressed by the tacos at all.
4	I was starving after getting off of the plane and happened to see this place. It had all the right signs of being a real taco joint. I do spend time in Mexico (was there last week and go back next month). Ordered two al pastor, two carnitas and two barbacoa. I liked the al pastor even if they were not cooked on a trompo. The carnitas were ok. The barbacoa were really good and very moist (I think the meat was cooked that day). If the carnitas would have been better I would give it 5 stars. A word on the decor do not expect much but who cares.
4	This was very close to traditional Mexican from Mexico. I had Tripe, tongue, chicarones, and pastor tacos. The toppings were fresh, as was the three salsas that came with my to-go order. Staff was very nice . The decor is what you would expect. I would trade decor over quality of food any day. I would eat there again.
4	I'm docking a star only because they can be a little slow getting the food out. Overall, this place is a beacon of hope in the sea of wannabes that is the Mexican restaurant landscape of Charlotte. I can't believe I've only seen one mention of the sopes. Holy crap, that's the main reason I keep coming back!!!! I dream of their sopes. Okay, maybe not. But they're amazing. And the salsas? I could probably drink every single one. Though, I'm the biggest fan of the dark red one. It's super spicy. But really, they're all a little spicy. Sensitive tongues need not apply. Their store front is pretty nondescript. You would drive right by it if you didn't know any better. Inside is small with probably about 8-10 tables total. And, if you don't speak Spanish, you may want to brush up a little or bring a friend who does. :)See pic.
4	Best tacos I've had in Charlotte, hands down. After living in Los Angeles, I've become accustomed to what a good authentic taco should taste like (no offense Cabo Fish Taco). I was so excited when I found this place in Charlotte! The best taco places are the ones like Tacos El Nevado. Right off a busy street, in a strip mall, small and full of customers. No matter what time of day you step into this place, there is a line out the door. Some people pick up orders, but they do have a seating area with servers who will take your order. The wait is not too bad. And the fact that they are always busy just shows you the local hispanic community approves! My favorites - Carne Asada/al Pastor tacos & Beef Milanese Torta (Mexican sandwhich).
4	Tacos were delicious! I got the pollo and asada. Very authentic and affordable. Will definitely come back!
