5	After undergoing many poor experiences with other local nanny services, the Perfect Fit Nanny service deserves mention. Janet, the owner, personally interviews all nannies prior to referring them out to you. The other agencies would send us resumes of candidates that they had never met or really spoken with. Every resume we received was already a qualified candidate and we CHOSE to interview every candidate that was referred to us. Not one of the candidates they referred to us was bad, in fact we liked every candidate they sent to us. It was just a matter of finding one that was a better fit. Some of the other agencies sent us resumes of candidates that were such a bad fit that we didn't bother interviewing them.I would also like to discuss their professionalism. They returned all of our phone calls and e-mails immediately. Candidates were immediately e-mailed to us. Although they asked for an application fee, they didn't wait to send us resumes. They didn't complain about our time or requirements either. Each candidate's resume was neatly typed and attached in a word document along with references. One of the poor nanny services we used had the audacity to scan their hand written answer sheets onto a PDF file! Some of the things I mentioned sound like common sense or basic professional etiquette but in the Phoenix area, you would be suprised at how unprofessional most of the nanny services are. This was the only service that was worth mentioning. We immediately stopped using those other services and only used the Perfect Fit Nanny.
5	To anyone looking for a nanny agency, this is the one to use! Janet, the owner, is very much involved in the process of finding "the perfect fit" nanny for any family. She is very knowledgable about her nannies and is a great resource for any questions I had about hiring a nanny. Janet has a disposition that set my mind at ease.  After meeting personally with Janet, I felt confident that choosing to have a nanny vs. other childcare, was the way to go! Thanks to Janet for her awesome service!
5	A Perfect Fit nanny placement agency goes above and beyond to make sure that both the nanny and the family are happy. Janet, Jennifer and Emily are caring, hard working, and dedicated. They are also very organized and professional. With a background in childcare, they know exactly what to look for in the perfect nanny and what questions to ask potential candidates. If you are looking for a job as a nanny or are trying to find a nanny and don't know where to look, these girls will help you find the perfect fit! :)
5	This is the #1 nanny agency in the valley!!! They are very professional and will go above and beyond to give you help, answer questions and work with you on any level. Highly recommended!!!
5	This agency is awesome!  I feel like they actually took the time to get to know me as a nanny so they could place me with the perfect family. I would recommend this agency to my closest friends.
5	This is a great agency!  Janet, Emily, and Jennifer are very passionate and dedicated to a high level of service for both nannies and families. Their communication is excellent. Anytime either myself or a family has a question, they are there to help. I would recommend this agency to anyone who wants A Perfect Fit!
5	This Agency is as GOOD as it gets!!! Jenn and Emily are so incredibly friendly and they Really know how to fit the right nannies with the right families! Honestly their the only great fully functioning agency in the Valley!!! Even if things get rocky they completely know how to handle it. Its a Pleasure working with them! Thank you A Perfect Fit!
5	I work as a nanny for A Perfect Fit and you can tell they genuinely care about the nannies and families they work with. It is refreshing to find people who truly love what they do. I will work with A Perfect Fit any time I am seeking employment and as a nanny can honestly say if I were to have my own children A Perfect Fit is the agency I would trust to find the absolute best care for them.
5	We contacted A Perfect Fit Nanny to find a nanny for our 3 month old daughter. Having never needed a nanny service before, I was a little nervous and didn't quite know what to expect. I immediately felt completely comfortable after speaking with Jennifer. She explained the process and really took the time to get to know our family and our needs. Emily was equally awesome to work with as she was extremely quick to send me nanny profiles and always responded to my emails promptly. The nanny we decided on is absolutely wonderful and truly is "a perfect fit" for our family. I would definitely recommend this agency to my family and friends. As a matter of fact, I have a friend who just gave birth a week ago and I've already told her this is definitely the place to use. After my experience with them, I honestly do not know why anyone in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area would ever use another agency as they are just that good!
5	Great people! I was a new Nanny looking for a great fit and they found me a wonderful family. I watch two little girls (6 &7) sweet kids and the parents are super nice too. They have also been amazing about finding me families to babysit for also! Jen is fantastic, very caring, organized and all about what and who is going to be a Perfect Fit for both nanny and family!
