4	I always thought it was kinda odd for Marchmont to have its own little gallery. For ages I even thought that it wasn't really a gallery but just a shop full of bits and bobs made by folks who lived around the area. But then my friend's photo appeared in the gallery's window with a wee price tag on it (all very exciting!). And I guess that's when I started believing in its gallery status.It is still, undeniably, a place full of bits and bobs. There're paintings, photographs and glasses that are made out beer bottles (they look cooler than they sound, I assure you). They're not just a gallery, though, as they also do framing. And, I guess if you're a Marchmont-er, it's a pretty interesting place to just stop in on. Just for the novelty. Or just because something in the window might just catch your eye. I'm quite persuasive and could go on for a few more hundred words on why you should check it out. But I'm going to leave your eyes to do the rest (if they were to wander to the Marchmont end of town).
3	Marchmont Gallery sells a few nice pieces of artwork and offers a framing service.  Over time I have seen a few good bits of art in here, but in general they're not really to my taste.  They tend to be more intent on making a statement rather than offering an artistic product.  Whether this will suit you or not will remain up to personal taste.For what my opinions worth there are better shops with better 'hang on your wall' paintings for similar prices so unless you're into the unusual and more quirky then it's less likely to be the place for you.  That said you do sometimes get some really good works so if you want to shop around come here, but if you don't want to shop around much you are more likely to have success elsewhere.
5	Marchmont Gallery is a small shop showcasing different artists works and quirky little handmade knick knacks too. My favourite painting here was a really cute canvas that had a picture of a cup and a little spoon drawn underneath, I can't stop thinking about it, it's so cool.If you're looking to add something to your home or even a gift for someone then Marchmont Gallery is definitely worth a browse. They have a gorgeous green tea set in the window and the teapot and espresso cup have little ball feet which is a nice design idea. Even though the shop is small, I browsed for a good wee while and the girl who was working was really friendly too. A great little independent store, I think it's fantastic.
4	I've got a wonderfully majestic picture framer just down the street from where I live; picture grand, gold (at least gold plated) frames, some of which almost reach my shoulder. So this one had a lot to live up to.It's definitely catering to a completely different taste, as I'd say these frames are so understated they hardly draw attention from the painting itself. There're some wonderful paintings by a certain artist the shop seems to be featuring at the moment. Trust me to forget her name. My point is I was more interested by those than any of the frames.There's also some nice jewellery in a centre display, which is moderately priced and unusual-looking enough to buy.
4	Fabulous little place if you want to go independent for your presents.  Prints and beautiful objects, for all budgets.  They also do picture framing, service I can't say I have used, but handy I guess.
