5	This place is awesome. I'm giving it 5 stars for their wonderful service and decently priced designer items. They have a nice selection of designer shoes. Some new still in the box. As well as bags and jewelry. The people who work there are so friendly and make you feel welcome. The owner is usually there and takes her time with helping you. She asked me what my size I was and found pieces that she thought would look nice on me. I was fixed on this one D&G coat but it was too big on me and she told me the truth. They don't force you to purchase things that don't look good on you. They want you to like what you buy. Whenever I have money to spend I come here and always find something great.
5	I agree with the other review. This place is awesome. The service is fantastic. They are not pushy at all, extremely helpful. They do tell you the truth if something doesn't look good. They even offered me a bottle of water while I was trying on clothes. The prices are really reasonable and often times, the price you pay is actually lower than on the tag because they mark down based on how long items have been there. Great quality items, great variety, and if you are looking for specific items, they keep a "wish list" for their customers and call you if anything like that comes in.
5	Amazing collection of Chanel, Versace, Cavalli, Lanvin, Dior, Jimmy Choo, Manolo Blahnik, and more. Large selection of shoes, handbags, accessories and clothes -- including evening gowns. Expert and profoundly gracious service -- I felt as if I were in a designer boutique! My new favorite consignment store!
2	Need a good laugh?  Go into Ritzy Rags, engage the owner in conversation and then plunk on her that you just love going to "junk" stores and pick up items (whatever? Gucci purses, Fendi scarves, Prada wallets, etc.), too. Better yet, tell her you shop Goodwill all the time.  She will fume so much that the frost starts to grow over the whole store.  It's a hoot!!!!OK stuff, tho.  Just who wants to pay $400 for an obviously dry cleaned more than a few times Escada sweater coat?  Too high for the quality.
4	Nice selection n very friendly.  Unfortunately the sandals I liked wasn't my size.  Will check back again. :-)
5	Pam is so creative and a great person! Her store is the best resale store in the Vegas valley. You can find numerous bargains for very high end clothing, handbags and a variety of beautiful items. Go shop, you will have fun and, who knows, you may find that hidden treasure!
4	This boutique is very interesting. It is small, smells like grandma's attic (not bad but noticeable) and has a few fun things that the others do not. I really can't be disappointed because vintage/consignment is hit or miss. I did find some super stylish evening gowns, $98, fair price for a non-designer label. There were a few designer items that caught me eye, and the price was reasonable (Fendi, Dior) under $100. I will definitely try this place for my next gown or formal event before I drive to a department store or the strip. The employees were nice. I will go back.
4	This is a boutique catered mostly to designer brands, which was what brought me here. Great selection of designer shoes, I saw a classic Chanel pair and a vintage looking Louboutin pair, amongst lots of Jimmy Choo and other designer shoes in great condition, some even come in original boxes! I went in originally for designer purses and was a little disappointed by the selection. But I will definitely check back for shoes.
5	I love Ritzy Rags! Unlike other places they are so helpful but not pushy.  They want things to look great on you and they tell the truth. They  are always getting new items in, so one trip is is not enough. It's so great I can get upscale items at a low price for holiday presents. My sisters love the presents I purchased for there birthdays , they still had tags on them brand new. I'm a super star in their eyes , but no one knows my secret. Love the owner, so friendly and hands on. Going after Thanksgiving  to finish up my shopping. So thankful for this store, love it! Oh it's Mikes wife Kelly
1	Very condescending saleswoman.  I went in today, looking for a high end handbag for my new girlfriend.  I told the salesgirl this, she was abrasive.  I explained to her I don't know a lot about handbags, but please help me understand different brands from one another, that I knew a little but her help would be appreciated.  She continued to speak down to me, was short with her comments to me, I finally asked her if she speaks to all the customers in that manner.  I then asked who her boss was and how I may contact the boss or owner, she turned her back to me, and said " I'm going in the back now" and motioned to the other nice older saleswoman, you take care of him, and abruptly walked away. The nicer sales lady apologized to me, I told her I would go else where for my purchase.  I wound  up in Max Pawn, on Jones and Flamingo, bigger selection of high end handbags, way better customer service.  I purchased a handbag for $700.00 from them.  I recommend everyone go to Max Pawn, over this place.  Guess the younger saleswoman, forgot what it means to work for someone and forgot a job should be appreciated and the customer should be treated nicely.The older saleslady offered me 30% off a hand bag is liked! then the younger snobbish sales lady! abruptly said! Oh No, not this bag, it's full price as tag says.  The older nicer sales lady still offered me 30% off.  The younger sales lady kept asking me over and over, what is your budget range, and inferred I couldn't afford the bag she was showing me.  I told her the first time, money was no object.  Guess I proved that with the purchase I made at Max Pawn.  I would be glad to show anyone my receipt to prove this place has no clue about customer service and do t care about customers.
4	Tiny, but fully stocked with couture as far as the eyes can see.Floor to ceiling nothing but designers labels, well kept, clean and fair prices.The owner is a doll, super super sweet, I love everything about this store.Located in a run down strip mall, it is still well worth the stop if you are looking for something unique while in Vegas!
1	I wanted to stop in for a long time and finally got the chance today. Mostly old lady clothes. Some priced higher than when they were new. And most of the "couture" has made in China labels. But to each their own. The reason I'm rating it so low is the staff. The two women were condescending and rude at best. They continued conversations amongst themselves without ever offering to help me. They kept an eye on me like they thought I was gonna take something. But the only times they actually spoke to me were to tell me they close in 15 minutes when I entered and to tell me they will close in 5 minutes which is when I left ... Without bothering to purchase the dress I picked out for my mother.
