5	New Times scores this place the Best Place to walk away your worries and they are right....Blessing of the Animals..an annual event that attracts thousands of dogs and cats to be blessed...over sixty pet adoption agencies with over three hundred critters adopted each year..the franciscans are in love with creation and animals..come see the friars, enjoy a tasty burger and get your animals blessed!!  cb
5	I have attended Mass at the Franciscan Renewal Center, or "The Casa" as we like to call it, since moving to Arizona in 2002. The church is not a part of the Phoenix Diocese but is a Catholic conventual church owned an operated the the Franciscans of Santa Barbara. The Kachina Lodge resort until purchased by the Friars in 1951, Casa grounds are absolutely breathtaking and offer traditional Catholic respite, like a beautiful cylindrical chapel where the sacred Eucharist is kept and visitors can pray quietly, as well as a labyrinth, healing garden, guest rooms and swimming pool. In fact, the retreat center is available to non-Catholic -- non-Christian even -- groups for events. They really mean it when they say "all are welcome." My favorite time of year is Holy Week (the holidays leading up to and including Easter) when the church community come together for a touching communal washing of the feet, adoration of the Eucharist, a theatrical retelling of the Stations of the Cross, a compelling Good Friday and the best Easter Vigil you could ever experience. Father Bill, a regular visiting priest, often gets the crowd to do the wave on Eater Sunday and Renee, one of the guest singers gets people dancing in their seats! Not your traditional Catholic church experience in large part due to the music ministry. This is the place to go to experience God as Love and I am so grateful to have it as a haven for recharging each week!(I should share that Sunday Mass is at 7:30 a.m., 9:15 a.m., 11 a.m. and 7 p.m.)
4	That crazy St. Francis ~ Dr Doolittle of the Catholic church.I'm pretty much a-religious, but seeing the Blessing of the Animals and Adoptathon event posted, and knowing that the Franciscans are the mellow cool hippies they are, I felt like this would be a great day, and it was.The grounds are beautiful, but I didn't set foot indoors.  Francis wouldn't have been indoors, either though!  He'd be out with all the dogs, cats, and even rats waiting to be adopted into loving homes.  Lots of rescue orgs, breed-specific or not, were there with some wonderful and gorgeous animals.  I'm glad to see so many actually went home with folks that day.The best part was the sign above the area where they did the pet blessings, that was not even put up specifically for this event, but is simply a regular fixture on the front of an outdoor gazebo, which says: "All God's Creatures Are Great."
5	This has got to be one of the best churches I've been to.  During my travels I definitely get a little nervous about visiting another church for mass.  I cannot stand judgmental churches and was looking for a place near our hotel that would not be.  This place was far from judgmental.  While the congregation may appear to be older and more conservative, they were incredibly lively, welcoming, and friendly.  Before the mass starts, they welcome visitors and everyone greets each other beforehand.  The music is amazing and they even had one lector who was a radio announcer (made for an excellent reading).  While there, they had a presiding priest who gave a great and funny homily.  All in all a wonderful and welcoming congregation.  If I'm ever in the area again and needing to go to mass.  I'll definitely put this place at the top of my list.
5	This is hands down my favorite church. I've never been to a church that gives you such a great feeling, from the min. you enter to the min. you leave you get a feeling that's indescribable. He 9:15 Sun. mass is the best, the music is great and very upbeat, not your typical "church" music at all. They have a great children's program. Everyone is friendly and make you feel like you've known them forever. They also serve great donuts, coffee and juice after church.:)
4	We recently attended the St. Francis Festival here and had our dog blessed. While we didn't get to see the inside of the center, it seemed to be a lovely location and the grounds were certainly clean and well kept. This was a great event with animal adoptions and dogs everywhere! Lots of fun for our dog (and us) and we will certainly return next year.
1	I was invited to an event here for channeling/meditation. I agree with all the other post - the grounds emit a peaceful atmosphere and great energy abounds. But all that good feeling came crashing down when a woman from the church, huffed into the area and very rudely let it be known that we were not welcome there. The funny thing - I was the only one there! I was waiting for the group of people who had just arrived. Geez, talk about being made to feel lke I somehow personally offended this person! The person coordinating the event told me she and others met on the grounds all the time and never had a problem.  Who knows what this woman's problem was that day. All I know is I will never step foot in that place again.
5	Please join us for a great Holy Week at the FRC or sometimes referred as the Casa.Each day at 10am and 3pm we have talks from the Franciscans and on Thursday Evening we do the washing of the feet for thousands in Palm Court.  Friday and Saturday are both incredible events as well.  All services are outside.  You are welcome here.  Please stop by on Lincoln Drive and 58th street near El Chorro Lodge and Camelback Inn.  www.thecasa.orgPeace and Good.
2	I love the grounds that surround the Franciscan Renewal Center.  I've attended Mass here a few times and believe the services are a bit too Liberal for my taste. I prefer more traditional Masses. I  do love the St Francis Festival Adoptathon/Blessing of the Animals annual tradition. It's an event I attend each year. Differ tastes for differ Catholics...
4	This is such a special place.  The Stations and Labyrinth in the back are especially wonderful for personal retreat.
5	Just had the most FABULOUS stay here while attending Dr. Carl Hammerschlag's retreat.  The grounds are spectacular; my newly remodeled room No. 50 was luxurious; the pool is pristine; the food was amazing!!!  I was just shocked!  I've stayed in other similar places and was uncomfortable physically always. This is utterly sumptuous, and the "Healing Garden" is so aptly named!
1	Wow, I went here last Christmas.  I now realize why people no longer believe in going to Church.  The homily or sermon consisted of the preacher saying "to do good, man" and "don't do evil".  How enlightening...
4	Great palace for the spiritual renewal.  We were here for the annual dog rescue and adoption gala.  I heard they bless the animals here; so quiet and the grounds are beautiful, tranquil and peaceful.  Plenty of parking and space, plenty of dogs and cats available for adoption!
5	I recently visited Scottsdale, and enjoyed mass here. It is a very welcoming community. Check it out if you're in the area.
5	One of my favorite places in the valley. The Franciscan Renewal Center is just lovely. Some of my favorite things are: - Our Lady of the Angels Church.  It's beautiful small intimate setting and is unlike any other Catholic Church I've been to. It's circular building, stunning artwork and beautiful decor makes you feel comfortable and at ease. - The grounds. Their property is expansive and just gorgeous. I love the desert background mixed with green grass & large trees. There are just so many areas to discover as you walk around. There's a huge Virgin Mary that makes you stop in your tracks. This area allows for meditation & prayer. The meditative walk Of the Stations of the Cross & the labyrinth create more space for quite contemplation, meditation & prayer. - The Chapel. A reprieve from the summer heat if you've made your way there by foot & explored the rest of the grounds. This space is stunning. Praying the rosary there led by a prayer group or on your own is a must. A space for serenity, peace and an overwhelming sense if spirit makes this a must stop while visiting.  - Blessing of the Animals.  A great event to adopt a pet, but most importantly an event to take your fury, feathered, scaled friends to receive individual blessings. I'm still discovering more about TFRC and I'm sure my experiences will be lovely.  I'll be sure to update as I learn more.
5	I'm not even Catholic any more but I really loved the atmosphere here. The labyrinth is very centering and a great resource in the valley. We did attend Sat afternoon mass. It was welcoming, if different from the mass I grew up with. The healing garden is just that. I highly recommend if you're in need of a spiritual getaway and bit of tradition with a peaceful vibe.
5	I have to laugh at myself as I write a review on the Franciscan Renewal Center right after I did my Talking Stick review! Yep, this is were I go to pray for my sins the night before. The FRC has always been welcoming to us sinners and thankfully I am able to enter without bursting into flames. Fr. Peter is a very engaging and thoughtful man who is easily approachable. Just one of the many brothers who oversee the center. Now if you have dogs who are sinners too (they say dogs are just like their owners) FRC has a blessing of the animals every October. The Friars will bless your pet and is a wonderful place to bring your dog or animal for the afternoon. This is a great event which will never be missed!!! Thanks God and for all my blessings!!
5	ENJOYED the movie The Power of Forgiveness the other night - we usually come for mass and do some of the other events - I am on the Peace and non-violence committee as a fairly new member - have spoken there on a panel on stopping the violence in our society  - enjoying getting more involved - sold hope mugs last weekend - this is a peaceful place - offers more than more most are aware of - non-denominational events - mass is not traditional either.
