5	Lauren--hair bliss---she is a great colorist  and always does a fantastic job with my hair! She really looks at my hair and listens to what I want, she also offers ideas and will tell me if my idea won't work ahah. I appreciate her honesty. I see her a few times a year !
5	Great hair cut.   Lauren took the time to listen to me and gave me one of the best cuts I've had in awhile.will go back for cuts and a mini highlifght next time.  She was also able to take me in on short notice.
5	I've had a difficult time finding a hair stylist that I really liked since moving to the area. Let's just say that has changed for the better! Lauren really took the time to listen to me and what I was looking for, which meant a lot to me as many other stylists have not taken the time to listen and rush me through the appointment. Lauren was very thorough throughout and made sure I was comfortable and satisfied. My haircut and color ended up being amazing and I'm so happy with it! She also gave me some great tips on how to style my hair, which I really appreciated. I will definitely see her from now on!
5	When I moved to phoenix I was very reluctant to get my haircut. I had a salon that I was very comfortable with at home and I was sure I wasn't going to find a salon quite like it. I went around in search for about a month before I was sure here I was going to go. I made an appointment at a salon in phoenix, and I explained to the girl what I wanted. I showed her a picture of the color and the length. While she was cutting my hair she told me that if I don't like something I could fix it in a week. When she finished it was nothing like the picture I showed her. My color was too dark and my highlights were streaky and uneven. When I called her back to see what she could do to fix it she told me that she was going to charge me more money to fix it. I told her forget it ill go somewhere else. I called hair bliss and spoke with Lauren who told me she would meet with me to see what she could do. I met with her the next day and we talked about what I wanted and she spruced up my cut and added highlights to better relate to the picture I wanted and offered me products that were best for my hair type and even sampled the product in the salon. I love my haircut and I love my color and now my hair feels brand new and better than ever! Thanks to Lauren I found my new salon!! I will be back again and again!!
5	Well,  I just went to Lauren for the 2nd time and I do have to say I was just as happy with my cut this time as I was the first time.   Just so thrilled to find a stylist that listens and works with me and is inThe neighborhood.   Also love the hours she is available
5	Lauren always does an exceptional job. She is a color expert, as well as master stylist.  She always has fresh ideas, but will also give you the look you ask for. Never have to worry that she'll take off more than you ask her to. Always receive compliments on my color/ style. I sometimes need her services for a pboto shoot, & she's very accommodating as well. She's such a great find, & I feel so blessed to have found her!!
