4	A family member passed away earlier this year and his wake was held here.  It's a very peaceful, serene place and I felt very comfortable here.  I wasn't part of the planning or anything so I'm not sure how they are on that end of things.  The staff that worked here seemed very accommodating.  At least, when I interacted with them, I didn't feel as if I was being a burden... they were definitely there to help.Well, I really don't know what else to say I guess I'll leave it at that...
4	Hard to say that "I'm a fan," as this is my mother's final resting place -- but Palm made the process and planning as easy as possible. The staff was very professional and empathetic, and the ceremony was as I expected it to be.Right now, there are large patches of brown grass (especially in the "Freedom" area), which I would like to see corrected.
4	Palm mortuary is peaceful.  The grounds are kept up with trees, shrubs, and green grass (within Vegas standards).  A fine place for your body as a resting place.
4	It's hard giving stars to a place where your loved one may or not spend eternity. My father wished to be cremated. Philip, and the entire staff were wonderful. Very respectful, and non intrusive. Every detail was explained, and written in a type of handbook for further clarification. A bit pricey, but not the place to haggle. Why not 5 stars? Yes, it is a business, but the subtle "up selling" was hard to take.
4	We participated in a service for a dear friend last week. The arrangements were very pleasant and the chapel was arranged in a way that our departed friend would have liked. My wife helped our friend's widow with the arrangements and was impressed with the fact that they helped her figure out what she was trying to do for a memorial service. there was no pressure to "upgrade" to more expensive arrangements and the final price seemed very reasonable.Nobody looks forward to making final arrangements for a loved one. The folks at Palm made that experience much easier than we were prepared for.
