4	One of my best friends in the world was having a birthday and I wanted to make it special for her cuz that's what I do. Since she insisted on a mint chocolate chip ice-cream cake I couldn't order one from a fancy bakery. Instead, I ended up here. Carvel is shared with Sbarro and Nathan's Hot Dogs so it was a bit hard to concentrate with pizza and wieners on my radar, but I used the force and stayed focus.I pick the size of the cake which was a complicated order. No where in the store did it say this cake serves this amount of people, etc. I know that half the people at the party only eat with their noses on the weekends so I went with the smaller option. Done. I asked that they decorate it with purple confetti and have it say Happy Birthday Dale. Nothing extraordinary. Right? She writes it all down. It came to under $30 and was promised to be ready when I requested it a week later. Perfect.A week later arrives and I go to pick up my cake. They bring out a BLANK fucking cake and wanted to verify the color I had chosen. WTF Carvel?! Being super crunched for time and sore from the circus workout the night before I managed somehow to keep my cool which was pretty difficult. See, the people who work here are so nice I would have looked like The Omen if I said anything bad. I again smelled the pizza and hot dogs and resisted. Ten minutes later they bring out my cake which is.....um, exactly what I asked for I GUESS. I think it looked hella ghetto, but at this point I was just happy to get it and get gone. Later that evening when the restaurant presented the cake to my best friend and Stepbrother, Dale Doback, the crowd went wild asking,"Who the eff is Dale?". The birthday girl loved it and everyone went to town on that cake going back for second and thirds. We especially enjoyed the cookie crunches in the middle. Overall, even though the cake looked boo boo to me there were zero complaints about the flavor. I would recommend a Carvel ice-cream cake to people, but would suggest you maybe write your own message on it.
2	I took my kids here for a special treat. The scoopable ice cream was super bright colors and FULL of sprinkles. My daughter choose "strawberry" and my son choose "blueberry". There was so much coloring in it that it stained my daughters face in places. I tried the vanilla, but it was so full of sprinkles that I passed. Maybe the soft serve would be good, but I didn't get to try it because they were out of vanilla and I wanted a swirl.The jist- the kids liked it, but it grossed me out and I would never go back.
1	The ice cream is not labeled and the clerks do not know what the flavors are. Waited and waited for service and I still never received my food.
