5	I've only been there a few times but it was a nice place - good staff, they mix drinks well, and it's a friendly atmosphere.
5	This is one of my favorite bars in Pittsburgh. It's a bit edgier than most of the others bars in the area, which also gives it a lot more character. This place is one of the closest things that reminds me of an urban-artsy feel that I'm used to in Southern CA. Shadow supports local artists and has weekly open mics. Only downside is I'm not used to paying a cover for open-mic sessions, but I understand an establishment needs to raise some dough. The drinks are decent and there are many local and big artists that come here for shows. Always good vibes at Shadow!
5	Among the best of the 'burgh.  Great live acts on a regular basis.
5	Dear Shadow Lounge, I miss you. You're wonderful in every way. The dance parties, the live music, the poetry slams, the local art, the totally reasonable drink prices, the cute and chill proprietor eye candy...I could go on. Stay awesome. Xoxo,Andrea
5	As a Brooklyn based live indie-electronic/hiphop performer that travels, Shadow Lounge is by far one of my all time favorites.  As a Pittsburgh native remembering it's first opening when it was just bboys, graff heads, MC's and DJ's doing their local thing, it's amazing to see this place has become so professional, original, and really stands-out and is positively active for the community and continuing growth of Pittsburgh.  The service is delightful on both sides (AVA/Shadow Lounge), the prices are just right, the sound system is a complete BANGER with crisp and clean sound.   The crowd is mad cool and always responsive to good music.  Shadow Lounge really holds it down for Pittsburgh's scenes no matter the genre.  Can't visit Pittsburgh without stopping by Shadow Lounge.
5	I'm a newbie in Pittsburgh and have lived in California almost all of my life. Most recently I was living in the San Francisco Bay Area where dope lounges, clubs, cafes are bountiful. Ever since the first time I stepped foot in Shadow Lounge a sense of familiarity and peace overwhelmed me. Gotta give it up to the owner, Justin, for creating such a unique and welcoming venue in Pittsburgh, I can honestly say that both Shadow and Ava Lounge have become one of my new favorite kick it spots hands down!
3	It is nothing like the bars in San Francisco, I don't know where you people went. I'm not enough of a scenester to appreciate Shadow Lounge to the fullest, I don't care for poetry slams or open mic. The night I visited, they had a live band playing an early set, it ended at 9pm. I was intrigued by the sandwiches they make on one side of the bar - whatever it was smelled amazing and no doubt smells even better after you've had a couple beers. Speaking of beers, on tap selection is small - 4-5 beers and even the fridge wasn't impressing me. They do have full bar however.There was also another room with couches and big TV and another club (?) linked to Shadow Lounge that looked more hip-hop and danceclubby. There was no dancing going on though and the room was rather empty.
3	Shadow lounge brings good music to East Liberty in Pittsburgh. For this, they deserve 3 stars alone.However, the one time I was there for a Reggae concert, it was incredibly crowded, but even worse, it was impossible to get a drink at the bar. There were two bartenders trying to serve 300 people. In sum, come for the music only.
5	Great food, timely charming staff, great sound guy, and nice environs! Go here!
4	Just relocated to Pittsburgh (2010) and heard about this place. Saw two concerts (Bilal and Tobbey Boney) for under $30 bucks each.  The drinks are yummy  plue DIRT CHEAP!   The owner ( dude with a fro/think beard) is really nice.  Heck, he's actually pretty hot in a retro/hip/techno/neo soul kinda way.  If I wasn't a lesbo...I'd ******.......******** him. hahaha
3	Great club/bar/lounge/venue. Great mix of people and music with decent bartenders and good prices on beer.
5	Loved everything from the ownership, to the crowd, to the live music. LOVED how everyone seemed to actually be dancing, and not just standing and staring on the side lines. Did I mention that it was a live 10 person salsa band? Yes, yet another oxymoron: salsa and snow... Again.. Only in Pittsburgh!
5	Went several nights in a row: Thursday, Saturday & Sunday. I cannot say enough how much I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!! Every night was different: African night, Latin Dance, Brass Band (that was amazing). The Ownership is way friendly & open to chatting which I love. The bartenders are open, friendly & genuine...anyone who remembers my name & my drink is a winner in my book! It shows they are listening when they actually ask you a question! The ownership was willing to allow us to order & set on fire a Flaming Dr. Pepper.....had to bring a little Southern treasure North! ;)I love the diverse, yet open and friendly crowd each night. I felt right at home.Now for the real surprise....THE FOOD!!!We ordered the~Tortas 7.00...we got one Chicken & one Steak..both were perfect!Sandwiches with your choice of tofu or breaded chicken.  Served on toasted bread or multi-grain wrap with melted mozzarella cheese, fried bean spread, avocados, tomatoes, and onions. Topped with a chipotle sauceCheese Steak Torta 9.00Grilled steak served on toasted bread or multi-grain wrap with onions, peppers, mozzarella cheese, fried bean spread, topped with guacamole and chipotle sauceI was shocked & amazed at how wonderful this "bar food" was. The tortas were great & the guacamole homemade. I will be back every time I am in Pittsburgh!
5	On Tuesday nights, they have open mic. On my birthday (4-12), I went here to check off another life list item...SPOKEN WORD! I did it! The crowd was open & welcoming to all that performed. There are some awesome artists in Pittsburgh! Also for $5.00, I got a basket of tortilla chips and 3 homemade dips: guacamole, black bean and a verde salsa...all were delicious & for $5.00 it was A LOT!
5	They are showing out behind the bar!!! Last night, I had several of their new drinks: key lime pie martini...AMAZING, my best friend is black...DELICIOUS, strawberry, lemonade and basil, not my fav, but tasty. The key lime pie martini and the steak burrito are a great pairing! I continue to love this place, the people there, the overall atmosphere more than any other place I have experienced in the bar/lounge scene.
5	Combinacion!This place is the shit for real.Where's the Patron at???(b)
5	Absolutely amazing! Great staff and service! Best music in Pittsburgh, hands down.  Good work guys!
5	I wish I were cool enough to hang out here...I am not. However, that does not stop me from going from time to time and trying to blend in with the cool crowd. In all seriousness, this place is great. A laid back vibe with the best music and best bar in town. And when I say best music...I MEAN best music. Best Jazz night in Pittsburgh on Mondays, great classic hip hop, and other genres that you don't hear anywhere else in Pittsburgh.The owner is awesome and will talk music with you any time he has a moment. If you are a music nerd, come early and chat it up with Justin. he knows his stuff and will chat it up with you. I promise you will love chatting with him. Very cool guy. And of course the bartenders...all great. Very friendly. Will make you whatever you want, or mix up something special and surprise you if you would like. Again...I'm probably not cool enough to hang out with them, but when I am hanging out at the bar, they never remind me of that.
5	One of the most eclectic venues in Pittsburgh. Shadow Lounge has a great variety of acts that it pulls in.I just went to their Titletown Soul & Funk Party and it was a really great time. Great music, fun crowd, pretty decent prices on drinks. I'll definitely be going back for Titletown and in general, Shadow Lounge is a great place to see alternative acts in Pittsburgh.
5	Best jazz open mic I've ever seen. Possibly the best in the U.S.
4	AVA/ Shadow Lounge is a place that I would take my out of town guest on a Monday night.  With the live music and well mixed drinks, it is a place that is sure to be a good time. If you're luck to nab a seat/table near the door I would recommend it.  Since the live music can be loud, it's a great way to enjoy the band and still carry a conversation.  Definitely stop by and check it out- you won't be sorry!
5	Um, amazing. Is this real life? Or is it just a shadow? Just kidding about that joke. But seriously, I was blown away by the drinks, specials, servers, food, manager, space....that I couldn't understand why it wasn't packed on a Monday night that happened to be Martin Luther King Day! Callen (I think I am spelling her name right) is an incredibly sweet, efficient, and talented bartender; Solomon on the grill whips up a KILLER (but without death; veg friendly) tofu and bean fried taco; and Justin is an offbeat, dry, and very cool bar owner who is interested in providing an open space for his community - they have held a huge number of widely different acts in the past, and plan for more in the future! Look out! Geeeez, guys, AND you have drink specials erry dey? Thank God I got there on $4 margarita night. Nothing impresses me more than a dern good margarita, I don't care if it comes in a tall glass.The bar itself (I don't think we're in AVA anymore, Toto...) can get mildly confusing if you don't bother to learn the layout until you're three margaritas deep, so let me advise you in advance: AVA is the part that is glowing green, and feels like a cozy, well, lounge...Shadow Lounge is the rest. There is a large, yellow room containing the main stage, and a blue, intimate room with a half-bar. Who wants to go with me on a Wednesday for ~experimental~craft~drink~ night? Oh, and no, they're not hiring.
4	Enjoyed the winter solstice concert Saturday night. Fun scene, cover benefited charity, drinks were decent (nothing spectacular), but the grilled cheeses moved this review from a three to four star rating. Fun night, cool spot. Will go back!
4	This place is great and gets more diverse crowd than any other place in Pittsburgh. The layout is good, drinks are cool and music is just great. The place is great place to chill out and is not as crazy as south side or station square. This place is a hit or miss though. Some days you get lot of fun people and on other days, it is deserted. The cover on weekend is mostly $5 though on some special event days, it is $10. Overall, AVA is one of the most underrated place in Pittsburgh for night out.
2	There were zero other people here aside from my friend and I.
2	i was here for a concert the other night. apparently, there's much more to the venue than the side we were on where the stage was, but it was a pretty small area for a pretty big crowd. ok, so we arrived shortly before the opening act and ordered beers. $4 for a yuengling bottle isn't ideal, but whatever. we snagged a table with stools near the door before too many people got there. by the time the opener was over, the place was packed shoulder to shoulder, and whether we stood or remained on our stools, it was nearly impossible to see the stage.i liked that it was an intimate venue, but that many people packed into such a small space, with expensive drinks, and not even a good view? not the best venue i've ever been to...
4	I agree with Stacey B. I am not cool enough for this place. I Spoke with Jay Malls briefly, and he was indeed cool ,This is one of the best R&B DJ's since Venus Flytrap. (from "WKRP in Cincinnati" )I hope to stop in again soon . It is worth the trip.
4	It's surprising how long it took me to get here, then I hear a rumor they're moving soon anyway! Geez... way to be behind the times Rachel!I've been interested in a bunch of the nights they've hosted before, but have never made way way over. I went to celebrate one Miss Aja J's birthday for Hip Hop vs House night. I'm a big hip hop fan, but not much into house. They had two dueling DJ's and an MC hosting the event. I actually liked the mash up of the two genre's. It was definitely better than just house.They have about 5 beers on tap, which I think is impressive for a "club." Especially different since it was much more than Miller Light. They actually had a Pumpkin brew on tap, which forgive me for not remember, I was into! At $5.50 it wasn't breaking the bank, but it wasn't a $3 Miller Light fo sho! We came a little early, but it seemed like the night really started to pick up around 11pm. Yep, I'm old, I left at 11pm. Lame, I know! I hope they find a new home, because I think it's a place we don't have anywhere else and I'm happy to have been finally!
