4	I had the braised short rib served with roasted parsnip, potato puree, doused in a homemade barbecue sauce. I'm a big fan of short ribs, so the bar was set high when I ordered this dish. The meat was tender and broke without the assistance of a knife. The unctuousness of the meat was not fatty, but moist; it was highlighted by the nectarous barbecue sauce that I could have drank by the glassful. The short ribs' distinct flavour comes through no matter what the preparation is, no matter what cuisine it subscribes to. The intrinsic savoury characteristic and beefiness makes my knees weak and eyes glaze...
5	I'm going to go ahead and give some serious props to Nolah! Oh my god is this restaurant good. Southern cooking, we do not get too much of around here, but their Shrimp and Grits is to die for, as is the seafood gumbo, crabcakes, well basically everything that we tried was super delicious. We had a hush puppy as an amuse-bouche and it was delicious as is their biscuits. I didn't know what to expect coming here, but if you want some serious comfort food, this is the place to be. I still can't get over how amazing their grits is. SO GOOD.I wish I was able to take photos but unfortunately lighting was quite dim. The service was great, seats were comfortable, and overall it's not too big of a place but super quaint. I'd definitely come back again!
5	I Love the atmosphere here! Such a nice Friday night. The lobster cake sample is the best! The mac and cheese are rich! The people are nice! I'll try the veal next time tho. Literally a interest place with fun menu to explore. Just want to go there again for the next time.
5	We were given a heads up regarding a Cajun restaurant on the West Island. My companion and I wanted to go out for dinner; in celebration of the start of our vacation. We decided to give Bistro Nolah a try.  We couldn't be happier with the choice. By Montreal standards, we arrived early and had our choice of tables, indoor or the terrasse. We chose indoors; I'm not a big fan of outdoor eating. The waiter was courteous, knew the menu and was extremely professional. Welcoming but not fawning. (Personally, I hate fawning.) Nolah has a very good wine list; we decided to forgo the wine and chose cocktails instead. I had the West Island tea - a cute take on Long Island Ice tea and Dave had a spicy Caesar. Both drinks were delicious and should have been our clue for what was to come. The waiter brought us both complimentary Hush Puppies. Delicious, not too spicy, fried to perfection; I ordered crab cakes as my appetizer and my partner  chose the fried oysters. My crab cakes were tender and seasoned perfectly. It is very easy to spoil a crab dish, with too much seasoning. Crab is delicate and the chef at the Bistro proved he understood how it should be treated.My companion's fried oysters were the same, the batter and the oyster were partners. Too often there is simply too much batter and the oyster loses any hope of being found. He was much impressed. Our entrees? As luck would have it; the catch of the day was, catfish!! Our favourite fish dish. The presentation was eye-popping. It was almost a sin to eat it. The catfish was served on a bed of sweet potato, with perfectly done carrots, fresh green beans, a persimmon, halved with what I believe were gooseberries as accents. A tablespoon of caviar on the top of the catfish brought everything to center focus. You know how the expression goes? You can't tell a book by its cover? Well, regardless of how beautifully this was plated, the tastes were even more so. The catfish was flaky but moist and chock full of flavour. The sweet potato was in perfect balance with the spicy coating on the fish. The vegetables were perfectly prepared. While we love La Louisianne; I have to say that I prefer the Bistro Nolah. La Lou can, sometimes, be too heavy handed with the seasoning and spices. Nolah gets it. If you live in Montreal and want to check it out? Blue Haven Centre, 3669 blvd. St. Jean. Reservations can be made at 514 696 9797
3	Went twice.....first time food was amazing but service super slow. And there were only four tables in the restaurant. Second time food was so/so and service was still super slow. Neither time was on a weekend. Not to the fault of the waitstaff so much, the kitchen takes forever to cook the food. An hour and thirty before we were served our main dish! Restaurant could manage a little better. The short ribs were tasty but the sweet potato soup was a hit the first time and tasteless the next.
