5	Never been in here physically.I have used their services many times via their easy to use website. Phoenix Flower Shops is much better than online services that "box-up" your flowers for shipment - then the recipient has to "set-up" the flowers themselves... My girl certainly appreciates their professional delivery service.Local company, great selection, reasonable prices, and on time delivery.http://www.phoenixflowershops.com/
5	Great Service...Tempe location...Broadway st.
4	Great on-line service.  Their website is very easy to use.  I too have never been in shop physically but have used them twice for floral delivery.  On both occasions the flowers were amazing!  The flowers are shipped on time and the monthly newsletter is very informative.  I have learned things about holidays I never knew before.  If you refer others to Phoenix Flower Shops they get a discount for their first order!
2	Ehhh, look elsewhere. Good customer service when you call in, but that's where it ends. Shop elsewhere.
5	This review is long over due.   I grew up in AZ and now live out of state.  I still have a lot of family and friends in AZ so anytime I need to order flowers I always order through Phoenix Flower Shops.  I've never had an issue and the flowers I've ordered (over the internet) and they have always looked just as beautiful as the pictures which you can't say about a lot of flowers you order online.  Recently I placed an order for a friend and used some of my reward points on my order.  To be honest I've never watched how many points I had etc.  To my surprise 2 days later I received an email from PFS saying they had redeemed too many of my points for my order and for the inconvenience they were going to replenish the points and also gave me additional points for the mistake.  How often does that happen?  That truly is was customer service is all about, fixing a mistake before I even realized it, more business could learn from this.  I sincerely appreciated the email and the effort made to "make it right".  There are other businesses you can call on a mistake and beg for a simple solution.  I have used PFS for years and will continue to do so.  They truly define customer service and create exceptional beautiful work!
5	I stop in from time to time for fresh stems for the house.  The flowers are fresh and high quality, and the staff is very friendly.  They will stop what they are doing to come and help me out with the selection process every time (even though it's typically a low dollar purchase) - Tip: Fridays are half off day for floral stems.I don't send arrangements all that often, but the next time I do so in Phoenix, it will be from Phoenix Flower Shops!
1	Called and specifically asked if they could guarantee delivery between specific times on Valentines Day, once assured I placed my order.  15hrs later I get a voicemail asking if I could move the delivery to today and if so they would throw in a box of chocolates free of charge.  After being put on hold for a total of 30min and hung up on twice they finally found my order and assured me that everything would be delivered today.  Well the flowers were delivered today but no chocolates along with misspelled  and misquoted words on the card.  When you charge $15 for delivery I'd expect some level of professionalism. I will NEVER order from here again.  STAY AWAY and order from 1-800-FLOWERS.  I had wanted to support a local business but in this instance I will stick with a national competitor.
5	Wow.  Incredibly easy to work with.  Very friendly on the phone.  Confirmed everything about three times very clearly yet the phone call start to finish was 5 minutes or less.  Receipt emailed.  I would love if all customer service over the phone was so easy!!!
4	Very satisfied. I ordered flowers to be delivered for V-Day somewhat last minute and they were delivered on time and the recipient said they looked fantastic. I even had to call and change the delivery date last minute and an actual human being picked up the phone!  Im so happy I didn't decide to support the price-cutter online flower shops. It would have been cheaper but who knows what would have shown up and I doubt I would have been able to call to change the delivery date :-)
1	Would five 0 stars if I could. They never delievered my flowers and never even called me to inform me of what happened. They were just going to keep my money. Will never use them again! Though i did get a full refund from them after I called 2 days later to see what the hell happened.
5	My wife just passed an import exam and I wanted something special.  These folks came through.  Beautiful lavender roses, well arranged, delivered on time, and they lasted for more than a week.  They did a great job at a decent price.
