4	My family and I had so much fun going paddle boarding on Bartlett Lake! We came in on a Saturday early afternoon without reservations, and were able to rent 3 beginner boards for an hour. There were a few other groups paddle boarding at the same time. The good news for beginners is you get to learn and start in a protected & calm area and then you can choose to go out onto the lake with the boats. It was my sister's first time and with a few minutes of explanation from Chad, she was up and standing. I was a little nervous about getting run over by a boat but as long as you hug the shoreline, there is little risk for that. However you can get some serious wake from boats...fun but make sure you're ready to fall in! It is an absolutely gorgeous way to experience the desert - the lake is surrounding by beautiful big boulder cliffs with cactus growing everywhere. We really had an awesome time.Looking on their website, it seems that you do not have to pay the $6 Tonto parking fee if you are just going to the marina to rent paddle boards or kayaks. However you'll still have to stop into the little trailer that sells the parking passes to ask them to let you into the marina area.This company has some really bad reviews from their Peoria location but we didn't experience any of the frustration experienced by other Yelpers (thank goodness). My only complaint is that the business could greet people who wander in because there is no real office storefront and we wandered around a while trying to figure out who to talk to about rentals. We ended up just waiting next to the big stack of boards for 20 minutes or so before someone asked us if we wanted to do stand up paddle boarding. After we were done I noticed the same thing happening to other groups. So if it's busy, just do the same and someone will help you eventually. It's worth a wait!
5	Chad was awesome!! He helped us out getting started while on vacation for a short 2 days. I would totally recommend him to anyone and have told all my friends in the Scottsdale area to go give him a shot and learn how to stand up paddle board. I think the next time I go out I will be purchasing one of his amazing custom handmade stand up boards and bringing it back to Orange county CA. Thanks Chad you rock!!!!!
5	This is the second time we stand up paddle at Bartlett Lake Marina. We enjoyed ourselves both times. We plan on returning again soon. Chad is cool and helpful. Thank you Chad for making your company available to stand up paddle at Bartlett Lake Marina.
