4	The food is excellent of the items we tried.  The prices were higher than we anticipated or we may rate it 5 stars. The staff was prompt and friendly.  They had live music by an entertaining Irish gentleman and nice but a bit loud for our 3 month old but that is to be expected at a sports bar & grill...We will come back to try other menu items and see what kind of happy hour they have
2	Like many places in Maricopa this is another eatery that falls short. The food was so-so. We both ordered chicken sandwiches that came with fries. The chicken was dried out and cold, and the fries were exactly like McDonald's...eh. The service was decent, although our food went to the wrong table and was left there until the customers let them know it wasn't theirs. It was then brought to our table. Hmmm....eh...okay so I'm somewhat of a germaphobe! I don't want my food sitting at another table. I am aware that those people's table very well may have been cleaner than the kitchen but I couldn't see the kitchen so...We did like the decor and the environment. They have a few billiards tables and a handful of tv's with sports and movies playing. They have a patio which is nice but apparently smoking is allowed because it was coming in through the door and into the restaurant. Not okay with that...Would we go back? Maybe... just for one more try. Although I would lower my expectations.
1	Went for drinks with a few friends. Waitress was friendly and kept up with drinks. But this isn't the place for us. Just a bit on the rough side for us.
1	Went here tonight to celebrate my sons safe return from Afghanistan where he turned 21. The waitress turn him down because he still has a "vertical" drivers license. Then he showed her his military ID but she still refused to serve him, so they lost out on a healthy tab from him, me and my wife. Too bad, it might have helped this sad little dive break even tonight as they only had 3-4 other customers.
1	Came to watch some Sunday football and enjoy the company of friends. The bar is absolutely freezing colder inside than outside. The waitress had no clue what the current specials for the day were. Placed an order for 10 wings and was given an order of 5. The mens bathroom has no working stalls and the ladies room had no towels for drying your hands. There was a puddle of standing water under an exposed electrical outlet in the hallway leading to the bathrooms. All in all  the meal was mediocre and the rest of noticeable issues makes you wonder whats going on in the kitchen.
1	Walked in sat at one of the pub tables. 8 people walked in after me and 8 people got drinks before me. After 10 mins of just sitting there I walked up to the bar to order. The kate gosselin hair cutted lady brought me my beers. As she walked away I requested a menu. 10 mins later the waitress walks out of the office "not Kate" and I hear "Kate" say that guy wants a menu. No matter how cheap the beer I won't be coming back here. Oh the 4.99 kids pizza is a .99 totinos u can get next store at bashas.
