5	Maurice and his guy were fantastic!! They arrived early, were professional, prepared, worked hard, were gentle and very friendly. They helped unload our 17ft Uhaul into a 2 story house after a move from Seattle to Las Vegas. We hired them for 2hrs, but they only need 45mins to completely unload and organize all the furniture and boxes to their assigned rooms. They damaged NOTHING and were even offering to help reassemble furniture afterwards. Wish I would have had them for the loading back in Seattle. They showed up with their own dollie and hand truck. I was amazed at how efficient they were. Would hire them again in a second and probably will once our lease is up. VERY satisfied customer.
5	My move was truly made stress free! Maurice and his partner are professional, prompt, and knowledgeable.  I was making the move to SoCal. They packed everything perfectly! Since my things were going in storage when I arrived in LA he even explained to me how to pack up my storage which was a great help! Thank you Maurice for making this a positive experience!
5	Maurice and his crew were life savers!  I am so glad I decided to good ahead and hire them to help me move.  They were extremely reasonable and did a fantastic job.  Highly recomend, worth every penny.  And on top of all that they are super nice!
5	I've never had a move that was fun before. But Maurice, and his 2 co workers made that possible. Talk about less stress??? We laughed the entire time. Even though it was a fun day, we got everything packed into the truck, moved and unpacked without any damage to anything. In fact, they helped kind of repair some stuff that was already falling apart!!! I could go on and on. These guys are the best. Professional but personable. Quick and efficient, safe and secure! Awesome job and I WILL be calling them again.
5	This really was a "Less Stress" move! I was so glad that I selected them for my daughter's move out of her 1-br apartment!   Maurice and company were fun, professional and so quick!  The move was completed right at my planned budget.  I would definitely recommend them for anyone looking for a moving company!
5	I moved from San Diego to Las Vegas last week.I was nervous about the timing on when I would arrive and if "LSM" would be available to accommodate us.  I came with my wife and 2 kids 1yr and 3yr old.Sure enough, Maurice contacted me that day and was checking up on me and my drive.  I knew I was going to arrive late, but Maurice said, "I got you when you get here."  That was an awesome feeling.  He was at the house before I knew it.They tackled our full, 26" U-haul truck within the time frame they stated.  They are very friendly and professional.  Yes... moving is stressful, but these guys make it LESS STRESSful!
5	I will definitely be using these guys again if we move.  I had done some moves on my own the past few years and felt burnt out on the up and down stairs routine with furniture and boxes and a friend to help.Someone I know recommended them to me and they were at my place moving stuff in the truck within a few minutes of arriving, and they are really approachable guys.  They only charged me 2 hours for a 3 hour job (although we were talking a bit in between boxes) and even put my bed frame together for me (was boxed up and needed assembly)    The rate is reasonable and you can tell they are experienced.  Everything was nice and neat in the truck and they put everything right where I wanted it without a ding or scratch.  I will not go back to doing moves myself after this experience.  Apt name too, no stress on move day.If you need some good hired hands for your next move don't hesitate to call Maurice up and get him to help you out, you won't regret it.
5	Fantastic and friendly movers!  I hired Maurice and another mover through a u-haul partnered website, but will definitely work directly through his company next time to deal directly with the company.  Super friendly, helpful, and actually made the unload fun!  Moving is already insanely stressful, and having kind and courteous help during the process seriously takes a load off.  As I'm writing this, I'm noticing a few unintended puns.  Guess they have their marketing in order :)Would definitely recommend and hire these guys again.  Fast. Friendly. Good times. :)
5	I would highly recommend Less Stress Movers.  They made my move the easiest one I have ever had.  They get everything done quickly, effeciently, and cheaply.  I will definitely give the owner Maurice a call again when I ever need to move again.
5	The move went so smoothly and was done faster than I anticipated. This is my second time using them and the rates are very reasonable for the number of people that they send out.
