3	On a recent trip to Montreal, I was so pooped by 8:30 pm that I was ready for bed. But then I slapped myself in the face and said, "It is 8:30! Get out of bed and explore the city, you fool." So I wandered down Rue St-Catherine close to Chinatown and found Nyk's (or maybe it is just Nyks). It was quite dark and wooden inside, but the volume of the music was just right and there was a good mix of clientele (old ladies having a slice of cake on the terrasse and a gaggle of kids who could be no older than 18 by the bar). I ordered a half pint of the Coup de Grisou from Cheval Blanc, a very yeasty, fruity beer served with a lime. The escargots on the menu were good, but I wouldn't have even known I was eating snails since the dish was smothered with a thick layer of melted cheese (maybe this is the norm, I have never eaten escargots in Montreal before). The rest of the menu is typical bistro fare, and the kitchen seems to stay open until pretty late.Don't go for the view though. There is some major construction going on across the street (might have something to do with the Film Festival).
4	i really enjoyed our session of pre-gaming in montreal at nyks bistro pub. after walking around the city, and spying a dimly lit, inviting room, we saddled up to the bar and began ordering a whole bunch of beers that we had known only in the bottle back home. each beer came in its proper glass, which was a nice touch, and to boot we greatly enjoyed a little snack of escargot covered in melted mozzarella and accompanied with warm slices of baguette. if i had this bar at home, i would be a happy regular, and a good deal more relaxed on a friday night. the promise of good food, and beer served with a proper foam head is such a great thing, and a testament to the culture of montreal. kudos to you guys. i'm jealous.
4	My favorite restaurant we visited during a trip to Montreal. The food and service was amazing. My friends and I all ordered different dishes and there wasn't one that disappointed. There's a nice selection of beer available and the atmosphere was very inviting, a warm and welcoming feel. The price was very appropriate considering the quality of food.
4	My wife and I recently visited Montreal for the first time. We set out to discover the shopping of St. Catherine's street. About halfway down we began to get hungry and wanted to eat lunch and grab some pints and began reading menus outside restaurants. This menu grabbed our attention the most and the beer selection was unmatched in the area. They even have some of their own micro brews on tap. My wife got a cider she kept calling the Michael Jordan cider and she loved it. I went with some of the McLauren brews I think they were called and enjoyed those as well. We got here about 11:30AM and the crowd was minimal. She asked if we had reservations and we said no, we were just visiting and dropped in. I was curious why they would need reservations, but as we sat there drinking waiting on our food I quickly realized why. Right after noon, the place filled up elbow to elbow. It was clear this was a good place to eat for the locals during lunch hour. I ordered the fish and chips, and it was honestly the best fish and chips I had ever eaten before. I have had that dish over 100 times and seriously this was the best way I had ever experienced it. My wife got the Philly cheese steak burger, and she was not as impressed with her choice. It did not look like what we experience in the US as the standard, it was more chopped looking and almost tasted and resembled BBQ. She did enjoy it, she just mentioned she would not order that again. I had heard such good things about the micro brews they had on tap there, I was hoping we would get a chance to stop back by there at night for some drinks, but our time didn't allow for it. I definitely recommend stopping here though if you are in the area, you won't regret it even though it is on the pricier side, but what isn't in downtown Montreal.
3	This was my first stop after arriving in Montreal.  A bit exhausted from being up early to catch the flight in from LA, I was craving a good ol' burger and beer, with a low-key atmosphere.  This fit the bill perfectly.  The decor is dark and wooden, and reminded me of a contemporary Irish pub meets classic bistro.  Service is friendly and courteous (and  they helped with directions to my next stop later), but a tiny bit slow.  Although, I presume this to be because food is not just a means of calorie intake in Montreal.  It is to be enjoyed and relished. :)  Which I did.  The burger is cooked to a well-done (they don't ask how you want it prepared), and I got mine with Mozzarella cheese - and it already comes with grilled onions on a tasty bun.  It definitely hit all the right belly spots.  Paired with a local brew (hmm.. I forget the name and unable to find it on their website, but I believe it was a Molson pilsner?..  if that even makes sense).  The meal also comes with a green salad and fries.  Excellent!  I like how in Montreal, most meals come with either a salad or fruit - and not "extra".Total was less than $20.  Good food, nice ambiance, cool location.  A pleasant introduction to my first night in Montreal.
4	Busy place for a Tuesday night, but the service was fast, food was delish and I'd definitely come back!
4	Went while in Montreal on vacation.  Atmosphere is thoroughly Bostonian (if that's a thing)... dim lights... warm bar... good beer selection... and not bad food either.  A solid choice for a bite to eat if you aren't looking for fancy-pants cuisine.Met a few local guys who work nearby at the theatres/perf arts center... and it just seems like a nice group of staff/regulars.Give it a try!
4	Good location and a nice pub atmosphere with outdoor seating.  Maudite  on tap makes me happy. Ordered the mussels and they were okay; Nothing to write home about.  If you are looking for a good pub with decent food, this is the place to go.
4	This pub was by far the most consistently crowded place around the jazz festival area in Montreal. My friend and I wanted to go where the locals looked like they were, and this seemed like the place to be. We sat at the bar and was immediately served drinks. I love the atmosphere- really casual, great music, lots of people and great service. They speak both English and French, and the menu was in both languages as well. I ordered the poutine with grilled chicken and it was absolutely delicious. The fries were cooked perfectly, the gravy had fois-gras and was so tasty, and I loved the cheese curds and chicken. Not too heavy and rich- it made for a great satisfying dinner. I was really happy with this place and would definitely come here again!
5	Nyk's is our favourite place in Montreal.  Not just because it is down the street from where we live and is at a great location, but because the food is great, the beer is cold and the owners are super cool. Everything we have ever had on the menu has been spot on (I've eaten there maybe 20 times).  Try their soups, they are some of the best I've ever had.  They also have homemade sausage on the menu that is awesome.They always have specials on their chalkboard that usually feature something unusual (I've seen kangaroo, deer and bison).  They also usually have a fish or other seafood special  on tap (this summer they have had mussels quite a few times).  Nyk's is also a great spot to hang out and people watch - it's right off St Catherine where the street is blocked off for the various summer festivals so there are tons of "interesting" people to see.  In the summer they have the outdoor sidewalk patio open and the large doors to the inside open.  In the winter you can hang out inside and watch the Habs on the bar TV. They have a good variety of Quebec and World beer on tap and a full bar as well and have 5@7 specials.Did I mention the owners being cool?  They are - I usually have my favourite beer on my table before I even sit down.  They take the time to ask how you are doing and make sure you are having a great experience.  It's like hanging out at a friend's house who is an awesome cook and has lots of beer taps!  Go once to try it and then go back to just hang out.
5	Ended up here two out of our three nights of vacation in Montreal. It was down the street from where we were staying and had the largest beer list I could find in the immediate area. We ate here one night and it was good, pretty standard bar food with French additions. The other time we just drank at the bar. The local beers were great and the waiters were very friendly and helpful, even let me practice the few words of French I know and gave us advice on other places to go in the city. Will come back next time for sure, would totally hang out here if we lived in Montreal!
4	A very good, laid back place for a meal and a beer or two.I got the steak frites and several cold local beers.  The steak was juicy and perfectly cooked to order.  The fries were nice and crisp on the outside and had a perfect texture on the inside.It was a beautiful sunny late afternoon when I ate there.  I occupied a table right next to a huge window that was open and letting in the gorgeous weather and a nice view of downtown.The waitress that took care of me was very nice.  When it came time to settle up, a young man helped me.  I don't know if this is just a difference between Canada and the US, but he made sure to remind us to tip before he even gave me my change.  Maybe he has been stiffed on the tip a bunch of times.... but it was off-putting.  Recommend!!
4	This place keeps saving my life downtown when all I want is good food, a pint, a whisky, an intimate talk with good friends... Somewhere dim and prettily lit with friendly service who don't mind your mellow pace or if you're making inexpensive moves. It's small, and not cheap but not over priced, fully bilingual, bathrooms are downstairs and awfully close to the kitchen, but otherwise tasteful. In this area it's nice to tuck off St Cat's into a place that's not a chain, not a scene, nice looking enough to feel like your life is unfolding beautifully with choices that aren't too bad at all.
4	We are in Montreal working a conference and another attendee recommended Nyks.  After a 13 hour day on our feet we trudged there from our hotel.  Once in, we knew we were in the right place.  Seated in a cozy booth with drinks delivered quickly we perused the menu.  Everything ordered was great, but to us the standout was the fish and chips - what do they do to make cod so good?  Drinks were well done and service just right.  If I lived here this would be my go to pub.
4	Excellent food. Fresh and fast with an excellent selection of beer/wine. The service isn't the best, but that's Montreal in a nutshell.
4	Went there with a few friends and didn`t have reservations. We waited like 10-15 mins for a group to finish up and we were good to go. I got the lamb sausages which were pretty good, bit of an acquired taste but I expected that. Pricing is reasonable. The place is pretty small with a small terrace but it`s very open, so you don`t feel like you have claustrophobia. One of friend got the veggie burger, she gave me a bite and it was surprisingly delicious! Another friend got the duck poutine which I tasted as well. It was also really good. My other friend got the bison which I think was one of the specials, he said it was good but a bit too tough. I never had Bison but I guess it would be tough, not sure. Everyone enjoyed themselves and the waiter provided great service. I`d go back.
4	My friend chose this place on our usual yelp Friday event. We didn't have reservations but only waited 10 - 15 minutes and got seated outside. The waiter was nice and the ambiance seemed chill. I ordered a tom collins well a few... and they were good! To eat I ordered a vege burger and it was hands down top 3 best vege burgers I've had I loved it! I had fries on the side and they were good too. My friends all had different things they tried my burger and wished they had ordered the same. I will definitely be returning here.
4	Nice little pub downtown. I like it because it is somewhat hidden  .... I mean not surrounded by a bunch of other bars. On Saturday night, you can hope to be seated right away around dinner time. Not the typical pub food, way more eatable.
4	Great burger and nice selection of local beers. When we visited the place was quite packed but we still managed to find a table. The staff was also fast and friendly and they don't rush you out of the door just because you haven't ordered a drink 5 seconds after you finished your previous one. The vista is probably not the nicest due to some bare land on the other side of the street, but it doesn't really distract from the stylish interior. That and I'm just a fan of having stuff listed on blackboards ;-)
4	NYKS is a very solid pub if you are looking for good food, local beer, and a relaxed environment.  I stopped in last week with a couple of coworkers because we were looking for some dinner and beer within walking distance of our hotel.  NYKS seemed like a good fit and we were happy with the experience.The service was probably more like three stars; they forgot our appetizer and were a little slower than I would have liked but we weren't in a rush so this wasn't an issue.  I wasn't too hungry so I just ordered a French Onion Soup but that was very good.  The local beers were also good and the selection was decent.I won't say that there was anything that blew me away, but it is exactly what we were looking for and I would happily go back again.
4	Why oh why did I not get the duck confit poutine?  Seriously, ordered the mussels, which were good, but didn't hold a candle to my sister's poutine. I may go back, like now. To expand, excellent burger selection, including ostrich, and a few different tartares. Local beers on draft and in bottle. Lovely atmosphere and very friendly staff.  But honestly, the duck confit poutine is just ridiculous.
5	Loved the casual, friendly atmosphere. I expected standard pub fare, but got the best steak I've eaten in Montreal. I'm jealous of Montrealers who have this as their corner bar.I can't stand it when restaurants just hand you a cold, hard roll, so I was glad to see some fresh warm bread to start. It was perfect for dipping the savory cream of celery soup, which had a great flavor yet didn't taste too heavy. The main course I had was a flank steak (bavette) of bison with a whiskey horseradish sauce with fries and a side of roasted yellow squash, zucchini and bell peppers. The sauce didn't really taste like whiskey or horseradish, but it was damn good, so who cares. Steak came grilled to a perfect medium, and was very tender. I know entrecote/contrefilet is the local favorite around here, but this flank steak blows it out of the water.
4	Yum! Great service and even better food. Diverse menu with a generous host of daily specials. Warm goat cheese salad was superb. Pulled pork BBQ excellent as well...fries and salad served with most sandwiches which I appreciated. Great atmosphere, fresh air and plenty to look at on the walls with all the artwork. I will return! Good selection of draft beers, was happy to find Carlsberg and Guinness.
4	Loved the atmosphere at this place. It's a great place to stop in and have a drink and a quick bite to eat. The service was quick as well, even though they had a huge group of people they were waiting on as well. I tried the pulled pork poutine and loved every bite of it!
5	Okay.. I'm a global traveller so yes I do keep it objective and in context.  This treasure off of St Catherine's is 5 star period.   The food could easily be 5 star US restaurant , but it's a lively packed open air , music scene.  Love it, made friends. Had drinks and the award winning pulled pork poutine.. , cognac. I was in heaven for hours.  Staff is top notch , work hard and it's the best of St Catherine's. Go here ask for Sabrina, Ricardo, and tell them you want the best.  Their night be a wait and this is not a quiet sit down. It's fun and happy. Go!
5	Great little place with a cozy neighborhood vibe. $5.75 pints from 4-7 makes it a good spot to sit outside and watch the world of Montreal!
4	This place is solid beyond words. The food is great especially their duck confit poutine, which was amazing. The duck was tender, the fat was rendered (although some of it sat at the bottom of the dish). The fries were fried to perfection and the gravy was just what the whole entree needed. We also got the calamari which tasted fresh and was sizable. The fish and chips which were okay. And the pork sausage which was a bit disappointing - tasted a bit dry and overdone.The service though was great. The ambience was fantastic - we went on a warm summer night and the doors and windows were opened up to the street. It really gave a laid back European vibe which we loved. People were in and out since this place is pretty popular. Would definitely come back for some wine/beer and some more eats.
4	I have eaten here several times and I will keep coming back.  It is a lively place that spills out onto the street in the summer.   It is worth paying attention to the special board.   I have had amazing, duck, rabbit and seafood specials at a really fair price.The fish and chips are the best I have had in the city.   The only flaw I have come across is the burgers.  They tend to be dry.   Other than that, it would be five stars.
