4	I love indoor tanning! Not as much as Paris Hilton, but I would rather catch my UV rays indoors because it is a controlled environment. I went to Energy Tanning to fulfill all of my pre-spring break tanning needs. They also offer ten tans for $10, and since I was only looking to get a little bit of color before I hit the beach this was perfect. The front desk assistant was extremely friendly! Since this isn't my first time with the bulbs I didn't really need much help or advice. But I know that she would have been more than capable of helping me out if I needed it. The set up is very similar to places like Celebrity Tanning. They offer the five different types of beds (each has different strength bulbs) and pricing is based on the type of bed. The beds and changing rooms are very clean, and I am really looking forward to continuing my tanning experience here.
4	I am halfway through my ten tans for $10, and I am really pleased with the results thus far. The "Tanning Consultant" set up a tanning plan for me on my first visit, and I am already getting a little color! The coupon I used allowed me to try all five levels of tanning beds. I've never done anything above the first level (mainly because it was the cheapest), and I'm really loving levels four and five. They have the most browning rays, and the results are almost instant. Here is the site I used to get the coupon: www.tanningnearyou.com
5	The best tanning salon in the valley. Always friendly and looking out for the clients best interest when it comes to tanning. Inexpensive and awesome beds.
5	Started going here just over a week ago and I have to say I'm very happy with the experience. The staff is informative and helped me pick the best plan for what I needed and the tanning beds works great. I use the level 4 "Dr. Muller" bed and already have a nice base tan after going 3 times (4 minutes first time, 6 minutes the 2nd and 3rd.) I've been to other tanning places in the past and it would seem even after 5-6 times there would be no color. Definitely check them out.
5	I have been going here for 6 months and I love it.  Great staff and it is clean.  What more do you need?
5	Excellent staff that caters to all your tanning needs.  Always friendly, expecially Alana
5	Energy Tanning is the best tanning salon I have ever been too! The staff are very friendly and cater to everyone's personal needs.
2	Thank god this place closed! Someone needs to tell the owner Mike his shit stinks.  His ego is so big it fills the entire salon.Would love to see more specials that you guys don't run throughout the whole year
5	I went to Energy Tanning/Tan Factory before my prom and they had great deals that were exactly what I wanted. The tanning beds are always very clean and the staff is very friendly and helpful.
