2	OK, first of all:  THEY MOVED.  No longer located on Flamingo, they are now located right on the Strip.Secondly, the store was populated (the one time I was there) by two ditzy blondes who -- when you add them together -- MAY have had a two-digit IQ, and a brunette who was either smart enough not to open her mouth or dumb enough not to know she was supposed to talk to customers.Oh, yeah, and there was a old(er) guy with salt-and-pepper hair (and a beard to match) who actually had to make the drinks, because the scantily-clad girls (one in a bustier and garter belt, one in a baby doll, and one in a bra and panties -- don't they know steamed milk can be HOT???) didn't know how to make a straight espresso, let alone something as complicated as a latte!  (OK, I answered my own question:  no, they DIDN'T realize steamed milk was hot -- they never touch the equipment!)Two stars because the espresso was indeed better than Starbuck's.  Minus one star because there is no one there with enough intelligence to count out correct change without having someone help them.  Add one star because the girls were cute, in a really creepy, Humbert Humbert-and-Lolita, "only in Vegas" sort of way.  And I swear I really DID go for the coffee . . . it was recommended on the yelp! Vegas talk page!
1	With a name like Sexxpresso I was expecting the Hooter's version of coffee.  I got the Hooter's part but the coffee was horrible.  Espresso was somewhere between burnt and rancid.  Blech.It'll take more than Hooter's to get me back.  I don't care what the schtick is, you've got to have decent coffee.Blech.Blech.Blah.Yadda.Yadda.Yadda.
2	Possibly one of the most unusual places i've been to.  My tuxedo rental place was "close" to here so we stopped by a couple times for coffee.  The baristas are in bikinis...so yeah it's a bikini coffee shop. The girls were very nice and complimentary.  I'd say a step above Rock of Love material.  If you can make me good coffee you could wear 3 parkas for all it's worth.  But alas, the coffee was mediocre.  My friend ordered the Erotic Pleasure, which was white chocolate mocha, and he seemed to enjoy it...but my coffee was bland.  And once i purchased it, she forgot to make it.  I paid for it, then watched her forget to pour it out for me.  I was in disbelief. The size of your coffee is either B or DD.  It took me a minute to understand that.  I swear I stopped by b/c i heard they had good coffee!
2	This teensy place is located on a forlorn part of the strip; you know, that stretch bridging New Vegas and Old Vegas that is adorned only by low-lying cheap T-shirt and souvenir warehouses...the part that reminds  you that you are in the bone dry desert.As my friends and I (all of still us hungover at 4 p.m.) walked under the daze of the mid-afternoon sun, coffee seemed like a necessity and SexxPresso seemed like just the quirky (and indeed only) thing we needed.Tittering, we perused a small wall of shabby nylon lingerie, patent leather (a.k.a. cheap vinyl) bondage gear, and glow-in-the-dark dildos before walking up to the counter, where a scruffy, middle-aged, not unobese guy in a yellowed white tee (or was it a wifebeater) greeted us. Bemoaning the state of the economy and the prudence of Vegas tourists nowadays, he took our orders. Behind him, a hipless bottle blonde who looked like she was 12 years old (this is not to imply that the employees at this business are not of age; she just looked that way for sure) fumbled her way around the machinery, ultimately producing our steaming cups with downcast eyes and a flourish of limp synthetic lace.I forget the name of what I ordered, but I guarantee you that the title was unironically smutty. Back in the daylight, I took an awkward and slightly guilty gulp of cherry-infused mocha. There was nothing wrong with the temperature or the quality of it, but for some reason, I kept thinking about flavored lube and worrying that it was the secret ingredient. Right then, my cocky male coffee connoisseur friend, the only one who could have potentially enjoyed this whole scene, aptly expressed everyone's feelings - "BLAAAAAGH! You CAN'T mix SEX with COFFEE, man...now all I feel like is that I'm drinking that 12-year-old girl's ASSSSS...tasting her ASSSSSS...."We walked the rest of the way in depressed silence and got our blood flowing with the Stratosphere rides instead. I want to wish this severely undervisited place luck, but unfortunately, a coffee-cum-sex-shop is not neither a turnon nor a picker-upper, especially not on the dead part of the Vegas strip.
