5	OLDEST AND STEEPEST INCLINE IN THE UNITED STATES!The MONONGAHELA INCLINE is one of only two surviving inclines in Pittsburgh, PA. There used to be seventeen here - yes, 17 inclines! This one was built in 1870.Have you ever been to Pittsburgh? There are some really steep hills there. Inclines were an important part of the transportation system, especially before the automobile. From the top of the incline you can see the GOLDEN TRIANGLE of downtown Pittsburgh, the new HEINZ STADIUM (home of the STEELERS) and the new PIRATES BASEBALL STADIUM. You can see the confluence of the famous THREE RIVERS - the Allegheny & the Monongahela that come together to form the Ohio River.  If you look close enough & far enough & with imagination you can see the world from here.FANTASTIC VIEWS!  ONLY $1.75 EACH WAY - UP & DOWN!  IT SPEEDS ALONG AT THE RIP ROARING RATE OF 6 MILES AN HOUR! AN EXCITING RIDE, IF YOU'VE EVER HAD ONE!THE VIEWS ARE TO DIE FOR . . . THIS IS A GORGEOUS CITY! IN MY OPINION THE BEST VIEWS ARE AT NIGHT.  BUT TRY BOTH, SEE WHAT YOU THINK.
5	If you are going to visit Pittsburgh, you have to do ride the incline. I think it's a rule. It's a rule Joey, isn't it? Yeah. Joey says it's a rule. Don't make him kill your snowman.The best time to do it is at night when you can take it up to the top of Mount Washinton and look out over the city from the amazing view.Just be aware that the incline blazes at a heart stopping speed of 6 miles per hour. Make sure you hold on tight.
5	As others have said, the Mononogahela Incline is a must see.  If you're in the 'burgh, you gotta check the box.Although this is considered a landmark and an attraction, real people use this thing to go from homes on top of the hill to the transit system and the city below just as was done over a hundred years ago: "Look kids!! Rrreeal people use this!  Don't get too close, though, they might bite."It is conveniently accessible from Station Square (which is not a must-see).  It enables easy access (for a fare) to the top of Mt Washington which provides one of the most photographed and beautiful panoramic city views I know.
4	I like transport and this is pretty cool.  great views and a ride up the hill are reward enough (top of the hill much to our chegrine had not much in the way of cafes or resteraunts for breakfast)
4	This was cool - and way cool for public transport.  And cheap entertainment, too, $2.50 for a round trip (within 3 hours).  At first we thought maybe we'll be up there longer than 3 hours but once up there realized an hour would probably do it as we didn't find much in the way of breakfast places unfortunately.
5	Fun little old-style entertainment:  for 2.50 you can take a round trip up and down the steep embankment to a stunning view of the downtown, with an overhanging observation deck.  Rather confusing on how to pay, since nobody is at the bottom and it seemed you could just walk out the top without paying....but being the good Mormon boy I am, I had to ask.   A little scary thinking as you are sliding up the hill, wondering what it would be like if the thing broke and slid down, but then it hasn't done that in 100 years, right?   At least there were no disaster pictures.   If you are lucky you will meet friendly Pittsburgians that will become your free personal tour guides at the top!
5	The inclines are the easiest way to show visitors a great view of Pittsburgh. You can easily walk to this incline from Station Square and the Station Square T station. This is NOT the incline you want if you're looking for food. Take the Duquesne Incline for that.You pay at the top and you do need exact change. If you don't have it, there are change machines in the lobby at the bottom.Be sure to sit in the front car for the best view!
5	No complaint.  Nice ride, well maintained, easy to get to.  Exact change, pay at the top.  Two and a half dollars per person round trip.  Once at the top there are great views at the Fagan overlook.  Bring binoculars or a zoom lens but can also appreciate with the unaided eye.  I'll post photos if possible.  At the top, across Grandview, about a block away I glimpsed an ice cream store, a coffee shop, a bar/restaurant, a National City Bank (how much longer post bailout will that be around?) and a nice mural. I found 15 minutes to be enough of a look, but it was freezing and windy that day.  You may want to appreciate the view longer.
5	One of my favorite places, and ways to get around Pittsburgh. It has an AMAZING view, and there are tons of good places to eat near by. STOP FOR ICE CREAM! You will not be sorry. They have good prices, and the banana splits are HUGE! There is also a good little coffee shop, a great (and cheap!) pizza place, an okay Chinese place, and a ton of other little shops to stop at. It's worth the worry that the car will break and plummet down the hill onto station square!
5	As part of my job, sometimes I have to do home visits.  I had to do one today on Mount Washington, and as it turned out, the Monongahela Incline was the best way to get there.  The Monongahela Incline and its counterpart, the Duquesne Incline, are both a sort of combination cable car/elevator that go up Mount Washington.  Per the Port Authority's website and brochure, the Mon Incline is the oldest one in the world, built in 1870.  It was built so residents of Coal Hill, now called Mount Washington, could get to the city and their jobs below.  How the Mon Incline survives today is a matter of forward thinking and location, location, location!  The company that owned it was going to abandon it too, but instead decided to modernize it.  Then, in the 1970s and 1980s, two events helped secure its future.  The Station Square Mall and was built out of the old railroad station and facilities located at Carson and Smithfield Streets, right across the street from the incline's lower station.  Then, when the light rail system was built, a major station was built a block east of the incline.  Plus, it's handy to reach the bars and restaurants up on Shiloh Street.  So not only is the Monongahela Incline popular with tourists, it is a practical way for people who live up on Mount Washington to get Downtown or to the South Hills.  There are overlooks up on the cliff just to the west of the upper station.  On one of our earliest dates, my now-husband and I went strolling up there.  If you have out-of-town guests, or are visiting Pittsburgh, there is no better way to see the city, especially at night.
5	Pittsburgh has a gorgeous skyline, no doubt about it. I am so happy I was able to take the incline and see for myself at night. It's really cheap too to use the incline, just remember to bring change with you because they use an exact change machine. The change machines aren't too good and a local was nice enough to spare me a dollar (where ever you are, thank you!). There are a few small restaurants along the side streets too for ice cream and coffee but they weren't open by the time I made my way up. This is a must see if you'll be visiting the city.
5	When I called the Port Authority for directions on how to get here, I butchered the name so badly that the woman on the phone laughed and told me that she never heard anyone pronounced the name that way. LOLAnyways, come up here for great views of the Pittsburgh skyline from Mt. Washington and go on the oldest cable car still operating in the country (built in 1870). It's only $2.50 roundtrip per person. However, make sure to bring exact change with you or deal with the change machine. Once we got to the top, it was wonderful. There are several observation decks along the street so you can have different views of the city. After checking out the view, we went to a nearby bar and watched the Steelers/Chiefs game. If you are visiting Pittsburgh, put this on your must do list!
5	The Monongahela incline (Mon incline for short) is really cool in that its something you don't get to experience anywhere else.  FYI- sit in the first car closest to the bottom of Mt. Washington if you want to see the cityscape on the way up and down.  It's no big deal if you can't get a seat in the first car, you'll just have to wait til you get to the top to see the skyline. It's a pretty short trip to the top so don't expect a long ride to take pictures.  You can take pics at one of the several viewing terraces along the top.  Do remember to take exact change with you or you will have to go back to station square to get change.  It does have a change machine to break 1's, 5's and 10 dollar bills but don't expect to get change for a $20 from someone there, because chances are they've already given out all there change to someone else whom didn't have change.  The view of the golden triangle at the top is breathtaking and I can understand why it was rated #2 most beautiful.  The ice cream parlor at the top is worth stopping in for a treat.  Take the time to read and look at the historical artifacts they have on display in the station on top, it's really interesting.  The incline is open pretty late so you can see Pitts at night when it's all lit up.  It's a must if your ever in Pittsburgh.
4	Definitely a must do activity if you're visiting Pittsburgh!Take the cable car to the top of Mount Washington and walk along Grandview to the Dusquesne Incline which you can take down.  Enjoy the spectacular views of the Pittsburgh Skyline!  There are several observation decks along Grandview and the photograph opportunities are amazing.  Highly recommended both during the day and at night.*** Park your car in a lot on Carson.  Make sure you have exact change for the incline.  Spend some time at the incline station on Grandview.
5	Started off my trip to Pittsburgh with a little trip up this incline and so glad I did! The trip up in the little wooden car is short and sweet. You'll arrive at the top of Mt. Washington in just a few minutes and you'll have the best views of Pittsburgh right in front of you.The round trip is $2.75 so it's absolutely worth the little trek up!
3	On a recent trip to Pittsburgh the tourist in me talked my former resident companions into going on the incline (a funicular).  After trying to figure out where to park for it, we arrived to a tiny old building with no A/C and no ventilation whatsoever.  Still, it was fun, historic, and a new experience for all of us - so we endured the pass-out-inducing heat for 30 minutes while the cars exchanged their position along the incline.  Once at the top of Mt. Washington (I think that's what it's called), we took our panoramic pictures and headed to scope out the neighborhood (and find a beer to replenish the 10 pounds we lost sweating on the incline).  The incline was definitely something I would recommend to other visitors to Pittsburgh - it gives you a wonderful historic experience and an even better view - just bring along one of those water-spraying-fan things or avoid it during the heat of summer!  Also - bring exact change - they don't make change for you!
5	Good way to get to Mt Washington and see the city....bring exact change, or just give a little more and they won't mind :)First time to Pittsburgh, and would do it again, but maybe go down the street to the other incline...looks they have a better view of the "3 Rivers"
5	What a great view of the city!!It is so absolutely worth the $3 to go up and down to see Pittsbugh!At the top of the incline, you're in the cutest neighborhood in the mountains. I forget its name, but there are ice cream shops, cafes, and restaurants.  If you're staying in Station Square or visiting Station Square, this is a short walk across Carlson to get to the incline entrance.
5	A must do Pittsburgh tourist attraction. One of two inclines left on Mt. Washington out of seventeen. Very cool experience from the history of this great city. Inexpensive at a $2.75 a round trip. You pay at the top station, exact change only however, there are change machines available at both stations. A return ticket back is good for three hours which is more than enough time to explore the areas with in walking distance of both the top and bottom stations. Of which there is no shortage of things to do, there are river tours at the lower end and a very cool neighborhood at the top with ice cream, coffee shops, bars, restaurants, and Packs and Dogs (a must visit for the best beer selection in the area!). The fact there are only conductors at the top station creates problems with people being rude, not knowing how things work, those things. Best solution? come at off peak hours when there is less traffic and enjoy a car to yourself :-)
5	My first trip to Pittsburgh. I rode this puppy twice: once at night, and once in daylight. Magnificent views from the top of Mt. Washington, and a cute little neighborhood, too. So cool to ride a piece of history!
5	It's slow.  It's cramped.  Many times you have to wait in line.  I'll be darned, though, it is a great ride with a great view.  It is so sad that only two of these great machines are left.  Not only is the incline a great way to actually see the city; but it is also a wonderfully functional piece of machinery used by non-tourists as well.  The pedestrian connection it makes with the south hills, the flats, and downtown -- while at some point historically quaint -- is a facet of everyday life that I can ALWAYS sink my teeth into.
5	If you are in town, this is a really great way to get a good look at the city! Its also an extremely convenient way to get from Mount Washington to the city below! It can feel a little old, but I heard it was (or is going to be) upgraded. The inclines are excellent - check it out! :)
5	True story: I took the incline every day for school downtown. One day I had my headphones on and was in my zone (probably Britney Spears The Zone) and some guy taped me on the shoulder. He asked me how much fare was. I asked him if he needed one way or a transfer back down. He seriously looked at me and said, "Why would you need a one way ticket?" I was dumbfounded by this question. I said, with a pause "...because people live up here..." I don't know if he thought maybe the houses were fake and just for fun or what. Moving on. The Mon Incline is probably the busiest of the two inclines in Mt. Washington. It's because it's right by the main part of Station Square, another very touristy destination. There's pro's and con's to taking this incline. I would definitely say more pro's because again, it's right next to Station Square, it's lets you off right by the main street, Shiloh Ave., in Mt. W. and of course has the fantastic views at the top! the con's are that it can get VERY busy and backed up during the summer nights or if there's a major event going on in the city (Fourth of July, Steelers Games, New Years Eve, etc.). As I've stated before, it's also part of Pittsburgh's public transit system so if you're visiting from out of town, you may see some grumpy people heading home from work. I also had to point out to a confused tourist that a radio tower she had pointed out to her family was in fact NOT the Cathedral of Learning at the University of Pittsburgh. If you're a history buff or looking for more information on the inclines I would head to the Duquesne Incline, which is on the west side of the mountain. Overall this one is the most convenient!
4	I went up the Monongahela and down the Duquesne. It was a nice walk. Like the rest of Pittsburgh, the houses are beautiful and the topography is a photographer's dream. This Incline doesn't have the attractions of the gift shop and the pictures like the Duquesne, but it still gets the job done. It's fun just to lift up the incline and watch as the views evolve.
5	I rode this thing with my two sisters and we could not help but yodel that little Alpiner type song from The Price is Right.It's really fun and cheap. The neighborhood at the top is super cool. Great view, friendly staff and such.
4	Of the two Inclines -- the Duquesne and the Monongahela -- the Duquesne is way cuter.  It has cheery red and yellow cars inching up and down Mount Washington like party hats.  The Mon's cars remind me of Dickensian funeral carriages: black and brown, with tar paper? leather? stretched over the tops.  The Duquesne's cars are open and airy.  The Mon's are compartmentalized.  The Duquesne has a little museum at Upper Station.  The Mon just has...a station.But.  The Mon is still worth the ride, if only to compare the two Inclines, which is what husband and I did.  We parked at the Duquesne Lower Station, rode it up Mount Washington, walked down Grandview Avenue to the Mon, and rode it down Mount Washington.  The views are just as good as the Duquesne's.At the bottom of the Mon, you end up at super commercial Station Square.  The walk back to Duquesne Lower Station along the river, with a stop at the Clinton blast furnace, is quite enjoyable.
4	Built in 1870, this incline is the oldest of the two remaining, it's also the steepest, running on a forty-five degree angle. Owned and operated by the port authority, the "Mon" Incline is used regularly by Mt Washingtonians to get to work, school, and to get to Station Square. Tourists also love the ride, taking rides up from the South Side to Grandview Ave. and enjoying the view.
4	This is essentially a sweatbox up a big hill. It's actually a lot of fun. You pay your $3.25 (for round trip, you can stay at the top for 3 hours), go up, check out the city lights at night and enjoy some brews and ice cream at the little restaurant strip at the top.The whole thing feels very old school, which adds to the fun. Definitely a must-see when in Pittsburgh, though I can't compare it to the Duquesne.
5	I've visited Pittsburgh as a tourist about every other year for most of my life.  And nearly every trip includes a ride up the Mon.  It remains just as fun (and a little bit scary) as when I was a kid.  Few cities boast a view like the downtown Pittsburgh skyline as seen from Mt. Washington.  Bring your camera.I recommend the Monongahela incline over the Duquesne incline because it is convenient to Station Square and a "T" station.  However, once you're on top of the hill, take a walk over to the Duquesne station.  It's about a mile away with some seriously graded hills, but you'll be walking along the skyline and next to some impressive hilltop homes.  At the Duquesne station you'll find all sorts of historical exhibits and a gift shop.  The outdoor platform might be the best view on the entire hill.  Bathrooms are not convenient at the top of Mt. Washington, so make a stop at Station Square before you head up.  Also, I always travel to Pittsburgh with lots of quarters and one dollar bills.  The inclines and the "T" require exact change.
5	What is a tourist delight can be my nightmare at times, but how can I blame people for wanting to use this wonderful piece of nostalgic machinery?People ask me all the time on my daily commute about the incline. I wish I knew more about it. Built in 1784 maybe? The incline over looks the Mon River to downtown byway of Station Square.  Many of the inclines brought vehicles, horses, supplies and workers up to the top of the mountain now is truly a mode of transportation for commuters and travelers from all over the world.It's ideal for tourists of all ages. Grab lunch at Station Square or even on Shiloh Street once you arrive after you 3 minute incline ride. Go for a walk down Grandview Avenue and admire the houses we all wish we could afford. You must get as many pictures of yourself as possible on the overlook. I've lived in Mt. Washington for 8 years and still take my picture there.Some things to know before getting on:1. The attendant does not make change. There is a change machine but it does not always work.2. It is not heated or air conditioned. If it's 100 degrees you will sweat and if it's freezing outside you will be freezing inside of it.3. Sometimes it breaks down. Don't worry, you will not die. It's protected. People think the cords will snap but even if they do (which they won't) there are breaks along the rails to catch you. Remember this thing is very old so it's bound to have its bad days too. We all do.No matter how long you'll be in Pittsburgh for you must ride the incline. You will not regret it.
4	This makes me feel like a kid all over again! The excitement of going up the incline, the suspense before the cart door closes to take off, watching the people and cars getting smaller and smaller, the cranking sound of wheels and cable, makes the 3.25 round trip fee totally worth it. The view of the city is breathtaking, now remember this is coming from a newbie to the city :) The only part I was bummed about was that some of the shops up top was closed since it was late sunday afternoon that i ventured here. I am going to have to come back again so i can wander the shops.
5	what a fun thing to do in pittsburgh w/ your sweetheart, bff, kiddos, or really anyone.  a relatively short walk from DT pittsburgh across the smithfield st bridge.  just $3.25 for an up and down trip -- beautiful views from the top!!
4	This incline puts the "fun" in "funicular". It was opened in 1870 (while Ulysses S. Grant was president) and still has some of that 19th century charm. ...Until everyone onboard pulls out their digital cameras and smart phones.There is a viewing platform near the Upper Station with some nice views of Pittsburgh.(I wanted to make a joke about it being more like the "Monongahela Decline" but the Incline was too neat to write something like that.)
5	I truly enjoyed riding the Mon Incline with Darren last weekend. We did it on a whim and got such a nice, romantic view of the city. Many people, of course, use the incline daily as a way to get to and from work, but you don't need to have any particular place to go in order to enjoy it. Maybe it's because I'm a country girl at heart, but I especially got a kick out of it. The inside is really nice and old-fashioned. You also never know who you'll end up sitting next to and talking to. Just remember to have exact change like you would when you ride the bus!
4	A great place to check out at night while the Pirates are playing. Time it just right and not only will you get to see an AWESOME view of the city, you might just catch a free fireworks show too.Remember to bring exact change for the fare because they do not take credit cards or give change back!
3	Catch the car at the bottom of the hill and take it to the pay station.  There, you will pay a fee to see the views the incline offers.  It is an exact fare, cash only business, which merits 3 stars (in this day and age?  C'mon!).
4	This is a must do at least once in Pittsburgh and the view of the city makes it worth the while. Bring exact change and if it's a hot day cool off at the nearby ice cream parlor on Mt. Washington since the incline doesn't have AC.
5	It's embarrassing that, even though I grew up in Western PA and have been to Pittsburgh numerous times throughout my life, I've never ridden up either of the Mount Washington inclines. Since I'm visiting the 'burgh this week and staying at Station Square, I made it a point to walk across the parking lot head up the hill during the warm, summer evening.Tid-Bits: - The 142 year-old historic landmark is run by the Port Authority and it only costs a few bucks for a round trip ticket, which you have to pay for at the top. Have exact change.- Each car is divided into 3 sections; max of 8 riders per section.- Both cars run simultaneously upward and downward, so the wait for a ride is fairly short.- It runs until at least midnight every night, so if you're heading up for a meal, drinks and/or more drinks, you don't have to feel unnecessarily rushed during an evening out.- The view of the Pittsburgh skyline is beautiful from the top platform.Go up there, take some pictures and find a nice place to have dinner. It's worth it.
5	MUST DO!  If you are visiting Pittsburgh and want to experience something unique you must try an incline. Inclines were numerous in Pittsburgh decades ago but only two remain. Little exist in the US so grab this opportunity while you can. It is cheap and a great opportunity to experience Pittsburgh.
5	A fun, really easy to do tourist experience that only costs a couple of bucks - great value.  What stood out was the operators - all really friendly and full of information which you don't always get at some of these kinds of places.
5	Coming from a tourist's perspective, the inclines are must-see when visiting Pittsburgh! I'm fairly certain that we took 'em more than once because the views are gorgeous and it's just a fun activity for anybody to do. If you get the chance to go at night, do it! The lights are beautiful & there's an observatory area at the top!
4	As an out-of-towner I have to give props the Monononononongahela for being a viable form of public transportation in a city that seems to be struggling a bit in that sense, but as for being something super amazing for tourists to see, I wasn't terribly impressed.At $3.50 for a round-trip ticket, it'll by no means break your budget, but I don't know that it was necessarily worth the headache of trying to buy a ticket at the top with one attendant on duty and what appeared to be a line full of people who had never seen a touch screen device before. The view was pretty cool but the realization that the incline isn't a ride and is a form of public transit is sobering.
5	Beats the hell out of climbing that hill!This is a fun experience due to the novelty.  My friends and I took it with their three year old and we were as excited as him.  Views at the top are epic.A bit pricey at $3.50 but worth it.
4	Nice slice of history. The inside of the Mon Incline is very museum like and I think would be a great place for out of towners to get a glimpse of historic Pittsburgh.At the conclusion of a work related awards dinner at The Lemont , I had to get myself home. I was feeling both lost and overwhelmed because besides that night I had never been to Mt. Washington and it was after 10pm.  I walked up the street and seemingly out of no where happened upon the Mon Incline and I am so thankful. No sooner had I went into the trolly station was one boarding.  If you are ever inclined to go to Mt. Washington for a day the Incline is the way to go.
5	Great link  between South Side/Station Square and Mt Washington.  Also provides a good view of the city!
5	After seeing the incline , I knew I'd have to make a trip up just for the story. The view of the city is lovely and for 3.50 it's a cheap amusing thing to do in the city. Catch the sunrise at the top!
4	This is a tourist attraction. It is cheap and brings you to a nice view and can be done in a pretty short period of time. The lift is a smooth ride and it gives you a brief opportunity to exchange stories with fellow travelers. As long as your expectations are reasonable, it is a fun thing to do.
5	What a little treasure.  I am glad there are still 2 Inclines in operation.  Such a fun thing to do while being a tourist in Pittsburgh.    It was hot and there's no air conditioning - but It's great they kept it old.   It was built in the 1870's and seems just as rustic.  You do need exact change tho!
3	I'm giving this 3 stars because I'm giving the Duquesne Incline 4 stars.  This is a great spot for a date.  The night views are tremendous and so are the day views.  The views aren't as great as the Duquesne Incline.  This incline gives you more of the right side view of the Point State Park side of Pittsburgh, meaning you will see more of the downtown Pittsburgh high rises.  Bring your camera and take lots of pics.  There are several lookout extensions for closer pictures of the view of Pittsburgh, which is amazing with its many bridges.
5	The Mon incline is a great way to experience the best views of Pittsburgh from Downtown to the East End.The inclines are part of the Port Authority of Allegheny County and you can get on with a bus pass. Get on at Station Square and take it up to Grandview Street, where you will find several lookout points on the top of the mountain. Finish up your Mt. Washington experience with a short stroll to Grandview Bakery on Shiloh Street, then back on down the mountain to downtown.Both nighttime and daytime visits yield amazing views.
2	The Dusqune (or however you spell it) incline was way prettier. This one was just meh.
4	Monongohela (if that's the way you spell it lol), is really beautiful and even the ride up is quite fun. It was my first time ever to the pittsburgh area and I gotta say this was an amazing way to see rhe beautiful city! For only 3.50 round trip or 7 for me and my fiancee in total, it is well worth the money spent. Once up top, lots of look out points available. The only reason I rated it 4 rather than 5 stars is because if you dont know the transportation system, this could end up being a farrrrrrrrrrrrrr walk to get to! As with any other city, wear your walking shoes!
4	How I could live in Pittsburgh this long and not ride the inclines is beyond me. Fortunately we made time to do it this weekend after dinner in Station Square. Little did I know we would need exact change to catch a ride to the top and back. (Who carries exact change?) We set to work searching my wallet and my wife's purse to make sure we had the $7 on us, while simultaneously turning down other passengers asking if we could break a $20. Looks like this is a common problem and probably warrants implementing a new system. We came up with the cash between us and stepped into line for the next ride up. The doors opened and, disappointingly, nobody got off from our compartment. A whole group of kids decided to just keep on riding. We opted to catch the NEXT next ride up and fortunately we caught an almost empty car. It's worth it to sit on the bottom side of the car to catch a view as you're riding but you can't beat the view of the city from the top. It makes for a great photo op and is a great place to watch the sunset.
5	A must visit on any trip to Pittsburgh.  It is located just over the Smithsfield Street Bridge on the South Side of Pittsburgh.  It costs $3.50 for a roundtrip ticket, which they claim requires EXACT CHANGE, but it doesn't.  If your amount of requested change is reasonable, they will have it.  The treck to the top: The train goes about 6 MPH, and I highly recommend sitting in the lowest level against the window.  This will give you the best view as you ascend or descend.  At the top, there are various lookouts in between the Monongahela and the Duquense Incline.  These give you picturesque views of the Pittsburgh skyline and the Ohio and Allegheny Rivers.  What to do at the top: Take lots of pictures.  There is an ice cream and coffee shop up there.  You can also walk across and take the Duquense Incline down.  The views are great at sunset and nightfall when the city is lit up. Sadly, PNC Park is blocked by the buildings, but you can see Heinz Field very clearly!
5	LOVE the Mon Incline. It holds a special place because it was the first date for my fiance & I. He is originally from Florida and I brought him here to show him the real city view - Mt Washington. I also take my niece on here often. She loves it. It's only $2.25 (one way.. $3.50 round trip) Anyone new to the city or if you have out-of-town family members visiting should take a ride on the incline.
4	Every time I bring people to Pittsburgh that have never been I must always take them here to the Monongahela incline.  This one is convenient because it serves multiple purposes. There's meter parking in a lot on Shiloh so I can leave the car there, walk across the street if I want a hot dog and/or beer and if kids are along there's Diofore's ice cream which isn't the greatest but hey it's ice cream.  At the end of Shiloh there's an observation pad with a great view of the city.  From here you can see Heinz field, all of downtown Pittsburgh and directly below is Station Square. The thing is you can take the incline down to Station Square and while it's not really what it used to be back when I used to go here more often it still has some good places to have a drink or grab a bite.  I you go to where the fountains are you can have a good view of the city and Mon river where there are several places with patios and such.When you're done you get to ride it back up again.  I much prefer leaving the car up he hill.The last time I checked it was 2.50 a trip.
4	There was a little trouble getting the car (up lift) started,  but eventually we were on are way. Beautiful view of the city...now going back down.Follow up - we waited in line to return only to be told 20 min. later that the down lift was broken and it will take 1:30 to 1:40 for the repair truck and 1hr to 1:30hr for the buses or we could get a transfer to the other lift a mile away or walk back down which was not advised. so we're having lunch at Micro Diner (more on that later) and wait for a bus.
5	It was AWESOME!!!!! The view when you get to the top is totally worth it! It's $3.50 for round trip and I would bring exact change because they didn't give us change when we didn't have the exact amount. But it's so freaking cool! A total must see because of how breathtaking the view is. And the total experience was just really sweet!
