2	Stopped by today to try the newly advertised Beijing Beef. It is advertised as Crispy, Tangy and Tasty. It was limp, no tang what so ever and yes it has a taste, purse sweet. Yucky poopie. Of what can ne expect of Panda Express. The place was clean and the employees very friendly.
3	Panda Express admittedly tastes better when you've been eating American food an entire trip (and I'm not talking about Native American here).  It was okay as far as Panda Expresses go.My gripe with the place is that the drivethrough is way too important for the servers.  As I waited in line (with one person in front of me and several behind me), I noticed that they fulfilled four drivethrough orders before even looking at the woman in front of me.  That to me seems like a bad serving strategy.
1	Customer service is always and I mean always bad here and the food is just ehhh also but I continue to go here for a bowl of white rice which that they can screw up.
1	I like Panda Express food but over the last few years their servings have gotten too small. We used to get the Panda Feast, I say used to because we quit going there all together. They used to fill those qt. containers until they could barely get them closed, now they fill the containers a little over 3/4 full, but charg full price. This just wasn't happening with one particular server but all of them so I think maybe their managers are telling them to under fill containers. I don't know that for sure, but what I do know is that I am not particularly fond of getting ripped off so to avoid getting burned we just don't go there anymore.
4	This location is always super yummy, fresh, and friendly service. I am not sure why it has such low reviews because every time I have been to this location over several other near my house it is consistently better than the others. We have been coming to this location for at least a few years. The store seems to always be busy so the food is always fresh. When I go to other locations I always find myself wondering why I chose Panda, this location make me want to chose it again in the near future. We will be back soon!
1	Terrible service and empty pans. We have been to this location three times and every time they have empty pans and are understaffed. Never have the apologized for the long wait.  I will not return to this location.. I will stick to the one on Estrella.
2	Hit or MissSometimes you have a craving for a certain food but you really don't want to take the time and trouble to get dressed up or sit in a restaurant so that's when you go for take out. Tonight I had a craving for Chinese, and  I wanted someplace close.  So Panda Express it was. As I waited in line I noticed that many of the selections were in short supply and two of the advertised "specials" were completely empty.  I assumed that the cook was in the process of refilling the empty trays. However, I was wrong.When it was my turn, I was advised that it would be several minutes before new entrees would be ready, so I was limited to what was on hand.  To be honest I  did not find the food to be very tasty, certainly not even good fast food Chinese. So this is my conclusion of Panda Express.  No, the quality and taste is not that of P.F. Chang but you could do worse in a pinch.  I satisfied my craving for Chiense while watching my favorite television shows. Sometimes, it's all about choices.
