2	4 stars for stock. Negative 2 stars for terrible customer service, and it should probably be more but I'm feeling generous.I walked in and there was only one other customer in the store. The worker, I'm presuming owner, was in the back playing on her computer. She never once greeted me, asked if I was looking for anything in particular, if I was ready to check out. Nothing. I was invisible, and I was there for about 45 minutes. What the hell. The other customer had to *track her down* to pay, and she didn't seem happy about it. Their stock is the only redeeming quality - and I won't lie, compared to some other stores in Vegas, their selection is fantastic. They had not only older novels, but tons of newer novels in great condition. Looking for Game of Thrones? They have about fifteen copies in paperback. They also have an extensive childrens and YA section, which (although I'm twenty two) is a favorite of mine.I'm surprised this store has survived so long with such terrible customer service.Tip to the owners: SMILE and say Hello to the people who are giving you money! I would have purchased today if I had been greeted even once, or engaged in conversation -- but instead, I left feeling sour. Buying books should not be a negative experience. The reason I don't buy solely online is because I like face to face interaction with other book lovers, but they certainly don't work at this store.
3	We've been stopping by here once or twice a year for the past eight years or so.  I'm giving up one of my best kept secrets by saying this, but I've picked up many a great cookbook here on the cheap.  Customer service can be a little terse - but hey, I'll take a Mom 'n' Pop with a little curmudgeonly character over a chain store manned by bubbly Barbie's any day!
5	This family-owned used bookstore is about 16 miles away from my residence, but the trip up there (and back!) is always worth it.  As I recall, there's the mother, the father and their 20-something daughter.When you first enter this tiny place, you're immediately impressed with the cleanliness of it, and the condition of the books.  You can tell that they really love books, but maybe not as much as they do their customers.  They thrive on repeat business (as do most places) and they go out of their way to make your visit a pleasant and most enjoyable one.They're very helpful, friendly and accommodating, and I have never had any kind of an "unpleasant" visit there.Here's a suggestion, if you live far away from them, as I do:  Call them up or send them an e-mail, so they can save you gas & time, if they don't have exactly what you're seeking.
3	Staff is friendly, selection is so-so, which is about what can be expected for a shop of this size. Middle of the road for used bookstores in Vegas.
3	Pretty typical used book store. The huge selection of paperback romance, a new age section.. A little bit of everything else. Prices are ok, but nothing super special. Staff.. Well, I wouldn't really call them rude, but they really don't seem to care if you spend money here or not. Dead Poet Books is better, but this place is worth a look if you have some time on your hands  and you happen to already be nearby.
1	My whole experience here was short and unpleasant.  I had about 10 books I wanted to get rid of, some recently on NY Times best seller's list, but not all.  I walked into the store and saw an older man on the phone, saying in an annoyed tone "just because you HAVE that book doesn't mean we want to BUY it from you..." Bad sign #1.  Then a lady came and looked at my books.  She was a little less rude than the man was being on the phone, but every book I pulled out of my bag was met with her saying "No.....no......no....."  Then she told me that none of the books I had would sell, and that I'd be better off giving them to friends.Being turned down is one thing, being looked at and treated like you just carried a bag of dog poo into a resale store to sell is another.  I wish them luck with their business.
2	Can't say that I was too terribly impressed. I had been in previously and bought a bunch of inexpensive hardbacks to fill a bookshelf, so I didn't pay much attention to the inventory. This time I went in looking for a specific book. They open at 10:00 and I walked in about five after. Upon entry I noticed an employee behind the counter with his back turned to me eating. Kind of hard to believe he didn't hear me come in I for his attention and asked if he could look up a book by title. "What are you looking for?" he asks. I tell him and he says "I don't have that." Really? He's got the entire inventory committed to memory? Maybe he is a savant or has photographic memory. Not much personality and not very friendly. I would have expected more from a "mom and pop" type of shop. Found what I needed on Amazon. Really no need to come back here.
