5	Fat Burger is one of those places I always go to when I'm in town.  They have awesome burgers and fries that are made right in front of you, Subway-style.  Prices are about right for a whole meal, and since they're located near ASU, there's plenty ofcollege flavor to go around here.  Their menu is basic, but I would say that Fat Burger is comparable to Seattle's Dick's.  Yum!
5	Fat Burger has been my favorite hamburger place since I first was introduced to it in high school.  My school was only a few minutes away, and when we could, my friends and I would sneak over to Fat Burger for a delicious escape.  Now that I'm at ASU, it's closer than ever!  Better than In n' Out, better than Sonic, Fat Burger is your ticket to hamburger heaven.
4	Great casual burger joints with a little more class than a drive through. They customize your burger just the way you want in front of you and the huge fries are really yummy too. I don't eat a lot of fast food, but I would trust Fat Burger more than most places for a great burger! Also try a great milkshake!
2	Pfft. If I wanted to pay for overpriced burgers and fries, I'd go gourmet. Instead, I'll drive down the street to In-n-Out for something worthwhile.Only drunk college students head here late at night.
4	I love fatburger...i prefer it over in-n-out because the fries are spectacular and the burgers actually have meat in them. Now, I might be starting a war on this subject but if White Castle was in AZ, I would take that over both.  Fat burgers are good, juicy, and quick....and STEAK FRIES I LOVE STEAK FRIES.  Also, I agree with Stephanie L...if you don't like drunk college kids...then choose another location.  I like the bacchanus atmosphere myself.
1	Disgusting.  I would never eat here again.  Gary and I went to Mill on Sunday.  We wanted to go to the bookstore and to try someplace new. When we walked in, he said, let's go, I don't want to eat here.  But I said, no, let's give it a chance, it's always packed on the weekends.  I ordered a cheeseburger with onion rings...  they were out of onion rings and lettuce... so I ended up with a cheeseburger and cheese fries.  Gary had the Bacon, egg and cheese sandwich and chilli cheese fries. We got our food, the hamburger bun was old, stale, rock hard... which pretty much ruined the whole sandwich.  The cheese on my cheese fries was not melted.  They forgot the tomato in Gary's sandwich.The guy at the counter didn't understand English and I couldn't understand him, so ordering was quite the complicated procedure.  A few hours later my stomach was hurting so much.  I thought I was going to die... and spent the night throwing up.I will never eat here again, and I may even listen to Gary when he says let's go some place else.
3	It's the little things I like about FatBurger... you know how most fast food places give you what - like, one packet of ketchup, maybe two - then give you that gluttonous pig look if you ask for more? Well, there's a bucket on the counter at FatBurger. Take all you want. Nice. And there are napkin dispensers on every table. Nothing like making a mess and having to first get up and walk across the room to be able to clean it up.I avoided FatBurger for years because, well, it's called FatBurger. Didn't figure they'd serve anything besides meat. Most burger places don't. But ever since a friend of mine introduced me to their veggie burger a while back - a seriously thick Boca patty on a whole wheat bun - I now stop by once a month or so to get my veggie burger fix. Coming in around nine bucks for a meal deal with fries and a drink it's definitely a little pricy for fast food, but I have to admit - it is that much much better. Burgers are loaded up with fresh toppings, and the fries are delicious - thick & crisp (and generous portions). Never tried a shake, but I heard they're good.
3	it was Ok, the meat lack some salt or some magic spice (like other places). The place looks kinda crappy but attention is ok. Still I think I'll stick to my carl's...more juicy and tasty
2	What I want to know is who the hell puts sweet relish on a burger? Especially a burger that already has dill pickles.. I mean I love pickles as much as the next asshole, but I fn HATE sweet relish, so it pretty much ruined the whole thing. Aside from that, my curly fries were perfect, and they have Cherry Coke.. so here, have 2 stars.
2	Makes me hungry for In-n-Out.
5	Ive been here twice... in the same week.(guilty....) the first time i walked in and it smelt heavenly!! i could smell the grills smoking away :) i love the retro interior... the silver and white tables and walls... i guess us blondes just like shiny things... who knows... i ordered a regular burger and a drink... the service was quick and orderly... i liked that there was a lot of room for people to wait and for those of us already seated don't have to have butts in our faces while we try to eat... that's a perk for sure... the location isn't to bad either... and like i said its huge for being a burger joint on such a busy street.... the Second time i went i had the turkey burger.... it was AMAZING!!!!!!! it didn't make me feel like i wished i hadn't .... it tasted in some ways better... and my favorite part of these delicious burgers is that they put RELISH on them as well and PICKLES!!!!! yum!!!! if i could... i would so eat here everyday.... mmmmmmmmmmmmm ::drooling::
3	We went in here tonight. We weren't really hungry so we were gunna split a burger. We ordered the baby burger and it was incredibly small. We had to go buy another. Its overpriced in my opinion. The fries were alright. I like crispy fries so I was disappointed. The burgers were good but they better have been for what we paid for them. My wallet is still angry with me.
3	Fatburger's the kinda place you come for lunch or a late night meal like when you leave the bars after 1a. I like the interior of the Fatburger on mill with its retroness and it's multilevel set-up. Altho climbing those stairs when drunk is not that fun. It's slightly pricier than other joints namely Five Guys and way more than In-N-Out. Usually a burger just comes with the regular fixings, lettuce, tomato, onions and pickles, but everything else is an add-on... like cheese, bacon, chili and egg. I do admit, I like that they have a fried egg as an option coz that's yum. I also like that they have other things apart from a burger, and that is a Turkeyburger and a Bocaburger.I usually get a Small Fat and if I'm really hungry a Medium Fat. Their onion rings are pretty good, and their skinny fries are better than their fat fries imho. Anyways... if you're looking for a good burger and willing to pay a little extra, Fatburger is not that bad... it's alright and reliable especially on Mill Ave. =)
2	I'm not sure what it is about FatBurger that's caused it to fall out of my good graces so, but here we are at two lowly stars. Maybe it's because my first FB experience was at the Las Vegas Strip FatBurger, at three in the morning, surrounded by hookers, pimps, punters, johns, pushers, bookies, trannies, and all remaining manner of late-night underbelly. It added charm, whimsy, and terrifying people watching.Since then, every time I've been progressively more disappointed. We've reached the nadir here, with burgers that lack any real flavor to me, unless I punch them up with the tasty cholesterol of a fried egg on them. I don't know what they're NOT doing, but when Smashburger just down the street is creating a burger of kings, jam-packed with SMASH flavor, I can't help but be disappointed at the lifeless patty of beef crying out for a savior of spice. Alas, none to be found, it forces its way down my gullet, falling into a heap of shame and indigestion.The fries are, well, they're run-of-the-mill frozen steak fries.I suppose for someone that bills themselves as the last great hamburger stand, I really wish they'd focus on, you know, making great hamburgers. For now, I'll swing down to Smashburger or, in a pinch, shame-eat at Five Guys.
1	Not a fan of this location, I do think it's great they have Boca Burgers though.  I generally thing FatBurgers are great, and employees are nice but this one the employees are always so unpleasant.  And the food is simply not as good as the other locations.  This one is simply a disappointment.
1	Wow. I've never been to such a slow fatburger. I ordered a burger and fries - no one in line, and 1 burger in process ahead of me, and it took more than 30 minutes. I don't think the cook was aware you can start another order while one was on the grill.  The quality was standard Fatburger - it's a chain.  Don't come unless you have lots of time.
2	Its a fun gimmick but, why would I go back here? Its not like there's a paucity of good burger places around. I realized I could stop when I saw that they just had the same place everywhere, and I mean everywhere. Its kind of depressing, especially after you get all clogged with Fatburger. Seriously, give it up. This place isn't that good, just familiar if you are from the west.
1	Ok I used to love fat burger, but this location is horrible... my bf was looking thru his burger and found a ROACH leg in it... I argued that it wasn't a roach leg, but then I looked it up on my phone it definitely was a roach leg.. so he complaint to the cook an he said it was relish 1st of all relish is green the leg was redish brown... anyways this place looks filthy... YUCK
3	the boyfriend drags me here after the occasional night out of drinking and im susceptible to give in to my red meat cravings...i probably would not go here sober..he would however i would not.you can top your burger with anything from bacon to fried eggs..and as many as you want. the small size burger is the perfect size for me..but they have some stupid ridiculous size that might as well be a baby calf itself..but who am i to judge.anyway good greasy food i guess when your sloshed and you're bound to see some sort of ghetto fight breakout while waiting for your food. food and free entertainment is always a good combo.
3	A solid place to get a freshly prepared burger. I like their onion rings also.
2	Compared to other FatBurgers I've been to, this one is lackluster.  Despite being a chain, the burgers here are not as tasty for some reason, maybe due to cooking technique?  The shakes are more watery than thick, and employees are generally disinterested and indifferent.
5	after several fatburgers i feel it is still to come clean and admit i have become a really big fan. i have never had a bad burger. This is my favorite and only place that i do eat a burger at. i was a hater at first yes. But Fatburger worked its way into my heart and i admit they know how to make a delicious f-ing burger here!!Consistency in their food is solid here, and nothing better than being able to count on a place where you will always get a good meal...over and over again.Kudos Fatburger
1	I had no choice but to eat here... we were meeting friends. I will never eat here willingly again.I paid $12 for a double burger (no extras), a drink, and fries.... What a freakn' rip off.The burger was OK. It was juicy and had some flavor it was only because they use very fatty meat and salt the hell out of it... yes, I can tell, I'm a very good cook. hey burgers are cooked well done - no surprise here for a low-quality burger joint.I got the thick cut fries, thinking they'd be good... WRONG. Welcome to FatBurger where we serve fries that are exactly like you can get at the grocery store freezer section.  They sucked - period.one word sums this place up... AVOID!
2	Very meh. Didn't really care for the atmosphere. Very forgettable and bland. You'd be better off trying somewhere else for dinner and saving time, money, and your stomach. Not. Worth. It.
3	A lot of these reviews made me laugh because I'm not quite sure what people were expecting - it's FAST FOOD, (albeit pricy fast food)lol! I had a Groupon so my friends and I went all out so that we could get a variety of things.  I thought the staff here was really friendly, even bringing food to our table.  The shakes are amazing and I love all the topping options!  The veggie burger is tasty and my friends devoured their beef burgers.  Although the curly fries are the most popular, we decided the skinny fries are the best. Thumbs up!
3	This was my first time eating here and the experience was alright. The employees were nice and prompt to take my order. I ordered it to go and was disappointed when I got back to work and noticed they had put everything on my Chicken Sandwich when I had asked for it plain. It wasn't a big deal scrapping off the lettuce but it's always annoying having to fix your food before you eat it. They had 50's music playing and the decorations were in the same vein although it didn't really have the overall 50's diner feel I think they were going for. All in all, I still enjoyed my food and will probably go back to this place in the future.
5	As far as burgers go, this is my absolute favorite place to go. I love the fact that the burgers are made fresh and ginormous! Then order the fat fries (or you can choose shoestring or curly) and you are eating in true American fashion. Don't worry if you don't eat beef they do offer a turkey burger that will keep you coming back. The shakes are an amazing must have and not to mention beer as well. You will leave this placed stuffed for about $11 per person that's including drink, so if you want to go cheap, tasty and all American, go to Fat Burger their amazing
1	Don't order the turkey burger!!!!  Mine was smaller than advertised, machine processed rather than hand for,med and tasteless.
3	I find this place a little expensive. . I wasn't really a big fan of this place. Food to me was just ok, nothing special. There is 3 different burger sizes and I don't think the medium burger size example was true in size. My burger was way bigger. I would get the small next time.
3	I like the concept... quality burgers with several ingredient options. Good decore, friendly staff, cooking seemed to go well, but ingredients seemed a bit stale.
2	I only ever go here when my boyfriend is craving a greasy, tasteless fatburger. I can't stand these things. Like another poster said, they just make me hungry for In-n-out.
4	Great Classic Burger and an old time diner feel! Can be a bit inconsistent with over cooking the patties at times, but overall great job.  Love the unique chili and egg toppings and choice of skinny or fat fries.
3	I felt sorry for my heart as I was eating this ball of grease, but fast food is fast food and sometimes you just want a disgusting burger because you're too lazy to make something good at home.
4	Located in Tempe on Mill Ave next to ASU, I would never have found this location.  However, a Groupon brought me here.  Since I love Fatburger, I couldn't resist.  I ordered a Dbacks Double Cheeseburger combo meal which included Skinny Fries and a Med Drink for $10.29.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fatburger-tempe-2?select=vL82qa-aXQzv-vRpL31tLw#vL82qa-aXQzv-vRpL31tLwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fatburger-tempe-2?select=vSRn9_Ir5QPyjtC02et9sQ#vSRn9_Ir5QPyjtC02et9sQIf you've never been to a Fatburger before, it takes a while for them to prepare the Burger because they make it fresh.  The food is awesome.  The Burger is huge and juicy....full of flavor.  I left stuffed and satisfied.Return Factor - 70%
4	I love adding the bacon and fried egg, I guess it also makes for great hangover food. Dumb how we came one day and they ran out of burgers! -_-. I wonder how the XXXL Burger would be =D.
5	Very friendly, good service. The food was excellent and will be going back. Great selection of burgers and made the way you want it.
3	I chill at White Castle 'cause it's the bestBut I'm fly at Fat Burger when I'm way out west!So the lyrics led me to this place but I must say it didn't live up to the hype.  The burger wasn't terrible, but I've had better.  WHAT-A-BURGER beats the hell out of it.The burger patty reminds me of the patty at Freddy's Frozen Custard, Culver's, and Steak and Shake.  I had mine built with the default config which includes sweet relish.  I knew that going into it and thought i would try it.  It was a mistake - just plain weird.  Hold the relish next time.
2	Compared to other burgers this place falls way short, sadly i was disappointed! It's just a greasy pile of mess. If you want a burger that has great flavor and the toppings feel fresh then try on the other choices on Mill. The fries had very little seasoning and were just not appetizing compared to other joints. Honestly i wanted to give the place 1 star but felt that was too low and i like to reserve those for places with really bad food and really bad service. The service was good here they greeted you as you walked in and left.
5	Why don't you try Fat Burger from now on? You can get can get a cheese and fries for 2.95, faggot...
2	Methinks not... but the employees were awesome and they do serve $1 PBRs. Mill is not known for having great food options and Fatburger lives up to that reputation. The burger patty was very surprising thin. This chain must have gone down hill pretty fast after their rapid expansion. The prices are a little much for what you get. I would at least expect the bun and other ingredients to have been fresh, but I was disappointed.Try eating elsewhere!
3	This was an OK burger. This was my first time there and it was just that. I find that the only thing that separates these burger places are just how they build their burgers. I personally like 5 Guys better. I wasn't too impressed with the fries. It was a decent burger.
