1	This T-mobile store has very bad customer service.Okay so today is Wed.Feb 9.11 My bill is due on the 6th date of every month. I totally went in on the sixth paid my bill, only find out two day's later that I can't send any text messages, because one of this stores employees by the name of Tierra turned off my messaging plan that I have had for 2years now! I know wtf right? So I go in the store super irritated because I had to delay my plans to get my messaging back on my phone, the manager was very rude interrupting me the customer while I was talking, however I left went to another store that had excellent customer service! I had to drive a little further but I need text messaging on my phone. So today I'm talking on the phone to a couple different friends of mine, then I go to make a call at exactly 4:12 my phone is telling me your flex account balance is too low to complete this call so I'm like wtf I try like 6X while I'm driving to this whack t-mobile I'm like maybe those same ppl aren't here today or hopefully they got fired...lol so I walk in super calm this very very ugly little black kid with yellow eyes walks up can I help you with something, Of course I'm like I can't make out bound calls on my cell phone can you fix it yes step right over here mam. so I guess he thought I was lying about my phone having issues. so he calls the t-mobile store and says sarcastically looks like your phone is making calls to me now you try so I call one of my friends and guess what my phone says your flex account balance is to low to complete this call. I made sure it was on speaker for this little ugly black kid with a busted grill...so weak right now So I told him can you just fix my ish please! mam do you want me to help you of course I said yes because I did not feel like going to a different store. I told him I know you feel stupid you where just trying to be smart when your really a dumb ugly phuck of course I told the little ugly fart after my phone was fixed...Lol I freaking hate t-mobile!
1	awful service - just plain rude on the two occasions we had to go in. On the first visit they couldn't be bothered to help with a software up-date even though there was over half an hour before closing time. They sent us down to the Chandler mall for the up-date. On the second visit a lot of hassle over a warranty replacement.I was dead against the ATT and take over, but I'm wondering now...They should fire the manager of the store for such poor service.The service at the Chandler Mall center is much better. Any dealings we have had there have been very good.
4	I guess they must have changed the manager since the service has improved significantly. Went in to add an extra phone to our plan. They couldn'y have been more friendly or attentive. My wife and son still on the T-Mobile plan.  T-mobile reception is overall seems to be very good. My sons Samsung Note 2 is awesome.
4	I just went in to switch to this carrier. I had a great customer experience. They were able to explain the process and fees clearly and concisely. Im looking forward to receiving my phone and continuing with this carrier.
1	I wish I could give them zero stars. My Iphone was acting up and the screen was not working at all. I took it in to this store for them to fix it. Rather than fixing it, they saw I have iphone insurance and said they would send me a new one. Turns out, all I had to do was press the lock and button to restart it and it worked fine. Sounds simple, I know. My problem? Why didn't the associates even try to do that? Anyway, I got the new phone in the mail and sent it right back. I followed all of the instructions. Guess what? Tmobile "lost" my phone in the mail. I was charged 700 bucks for a restocking fee on a phone I never even touched or looked at. A phone I didn't even need. Do not trust this store. Do not trust this company. I plan on switching companies as soon as possible. I can't believe this companies ethics. I'm disgusted a company would take advantage of a young women like they did me. I hope this store reads this review and knows how broke this college student is because of your uneducated employees.
5	I went in today because I needed help with my phone. . It wasn't connecting to LTE.  I wasn't even in the store 30 seconds. And someone came over to help me. The fix was pretty easy.  The one flaw in their customer service is the queueing system. A clerk has to interrupt their session with another customer to acknowledge and add to the paper queue list. They should have a clerk like Verizon or AT&T has. You're greeted at the door,  and someone logs you into the computer and your name shoes up on the big screen monitor. No yelling across the sales floor, no stopping with the current customer.
2	I have been here several times because it is the closest to my house and the most convenient for me.  Once, I walked in and waited for about 10 minutes without any acknowledgement that I was even in the store.The next time my phone was broken and I was really anxious that I was going to go in and be more stressed out...which I was.  I felt like the salesman was trying to deal with me quickly and giving me answers that he thought were correct but were misinformed.  I work in sales.  When I get a question I am unsure of the answer for, I do quick research.  I would rather make a customer wait a little longer than give them some false information.The sales team does seem very young and they seem to be trying, but, maybe a little more training would help.
