4	I really enjoy this place, its connected to Surf City Bar & Grill, aside from that your greeted by a very friendly staff once seated your given complementary homemade chips with a roasted red pepper salsa (yum). The menu is simple but if your looking for simple this is a great Mexican Cuisine Casual eatery for North Las Vegas. They do have a children's menu and the staff is very patient even with the most obnoxious little ones (my lil guy). My favorite is the Grilled Chicken Soft Tacos with Chipotle Tatar Sauce Muy Bueno! Recommend for a laid back atmosphere.
4	I've been here a few times, and the food is always tasty.That's not to say what the first impressions are like, because the doors are plain, solid wood boards, making you think either they are closed down, or a car drove through their front window.  Seriously, guys.  Get some better doors with some detail on them that don't look like they were made in shop class.The service is generally very good.  Today's server took forever to notice that we came in, waited, then eventually seated ourselves, but she was sincerely apologetic about not hearing us come in, and was always around for the rest of the meal, so we were "good" after that.I normally get some seafood related meal, and of all the choices, they haven't disappointed.  The appetizers are tasty as well, as is the chip salsa.  Margaritas?  Well, you can't go wrong with a good tequila, now can you?Prices are reasonable, and it's never really crowded when I go in there.  The food is flavorful, but not so spicy that you'll end up with a severe case of "rumble tum" later.  Just enough flavor to keep it from being bland,  And it works.As I've said, I've been over there a few times, and while I don't travel in that area of town too often, at least I know of one decent Mexican food place over there.My only regret is that I didn't grab a margarita today.  Don't ask why.  I'm still pondering that myself.
1	This was a one time experience. Restaurant is on the side of a bar. Decor is ok, you get the vague feeling of entering a small village near the ocean...Was seated by a very nice hostess, waiter brought salsa/chips. Salsa is tasty/warm, chips stale. Order very simple combo dinners, tacos/tamales, cheese enchalada/chile rellano. Waiter screwed second order up presented me w/ enchalada/tamale.He corrected his mistake,but took him 10 min, served me the same rice/beans on the original plate. Tamales not home made, came from a box of tamales, that you could buy at Costco or Sam's. So on that note we decided this was not a place we wanted to eat
4	Found this on Restaurant.com and figured that since I had a free $25 credit coming to me, I may as well use it here.  Sure glad I did!First - it's part of and connected to the Surf City bar & Grill, so Yelp should actually lump the two listings together.  There's a door and a wall between them, but they're basically the same place.  One difference - you can only use the Restaurant.com coupon in the Cafe, not in the bar area, so don't go after 9pm when the cafe closes if you're using one.It's a nice, laid-back surfer/mex type of atmosphere.  Bright multi-colored walls with lots of stuff that reminds you of a beach in Mexico.  Very friendly staff, absolutely wonderful margaritas and a pretty big variety on their menu - I didn't find it "simple" at all.When you're first seated, some guy appears from thin air and plops a plate of chips and super-yummy spicy salsa in front of you before your butt even has a chance to warm your seat.  It's that quick.  We watched, and it happened time and time again to everyone who was seated after us.  They sit, guy miraculously appears with chips and salsa, and then he's gone - all within 20 seconds.  Amazing.GF doesn't do tomatoes 'cause she's allergic, so they even gave us a side of bean dip (gratis) with the chips so she could enjoy them as I scarfed up the spicy salsa dip.  We weren't even to our last chip when they whisked the remainders away and brought us a fresh plate.  Didn't see that coming either.Best advice from here - get a margarita.  They've got a bunch, none are cheap, but all are delicious.  They don't use margarita "mix" here, but go old-fashioned with sweet & sour and triple-sec in a variety of ways, all of which sound great and four of which me & my girl can vouch for as actually being great.Food is of a surprisingly good quality and served fast, fresh and hot.  Special orders (I hate onions, so no pico de gallo please) were no problem and the staff was attentive throughout the meal.  It wasn't too busy the night we went, but still nice to get a "have a good night & come see us again soon!" as we left.Just a real nice place.  Decor was cool but not gorgeous, staff were nice but not beautiful, food was excellent but not out-of-this-world-memorable or surprisingly different from any other sit-down Mexican place, and the margaritas... well I can't find a single area in which they didn't excel completely.  Best I've had in a while.  We'll be going back, and doing so often.  If I can just get a designated driver so I can try some more of those yummy margies!
4	Not a bad restaurant. Atmosphere and Deco was a little cheesy! Service was very good. The guy checked on us many times and was very friendly. He brought us a new bowl of chips and salsa after 5 minutes. I really liked their roasted pepper salsa. We ordered the appetizer platter and a combo meal, which included a burrito and a taco, plus rice and beans. They were both very good and the portions were big. We ended up only eating half of the appetizer sampler and not even touching the other one. I probably wouldn't make an extra trip to go there but it was a good alternative to the restaurants in that area.
4	I like the cheesy mexican hut decor lots of seating. Chips and salsa alone is why I make the 30 min drive to NLV.  I enjoyed the following: Nachos, chimichangas, tacos, burritos. And yes, their chicken wings were good, too.  I especially liked their mess of cheese, fundido. Gabriel the manager and his staff are always friendly.
1	This Place is worn down, the seats are torn and its dingy.  The food is wannabe Mexican, not quiet Tex mex either.  Go somewhere else.
2	The best thing about this restaurant was the variety of margaritas.  The food was just so-so at best.  The service, too, was merely average.  I asked for queso dip and was provided a plate of refried bean dip.  We won't be back.
5	Wow.  Heard about this place from a friend at my last job, but didn't go for a couple months.  Hit it on Friday with my girlfriend.  I'm angry at myself for waiting that long.Let me start with the food.  They start you with chips and salsa.  Chips are good quality chips, cooked until perfectly crunchy.  The salsa on the other hand, is out of this world.  It is seriously some of the best salsa I've ever tasted.  I basically filled up on it before my food even came.  I regret this decision.I ordered the Pollo Asada.  Chicken was perfectly grilled, veggies on it were delicious, and their Spanish Rice is great.  There were carrots in the veggie slaw they gave me.  I hate carrots.  The slaw was still delicious.  I do not quite comprehend this myself, but it was great.Girlfriend went for the Veggie Burrito.  Not only did they remember no sourcream when she forgot (she asked about other dairy items, so they understood she didn't eat dairy), but they subbed the rice too since the rice that came with it standard had dairy.  She said it was absolutely delicious, and a truly unique vegetarian burrito.The server was a truly nice happy guy, they were quick to refill my water, or ask if we wanted more chips (if you see above, maybe too quick), and again just all around nice no matter who went by the table.Finally, we both ate for just over $20 before tip.  So, yeah, great value for your buck here.  I cannot recommend it enough.
2	This place was close to work. I got there at 11:30am and had no wait. In fact there was only 1 other person in the restaurant. The waiter brought me chips and salsa and I placed my order. The chips were not fresh. The salsa was homemade with 1 huge piece of cilantro ( about 6 inches) in it. The food came fast and tasted fine. It was served plenty hot. Not an amazing place,but not bad either.
5	I love the veggie burrito they have here.  It is unlike any other vegetarian burrito I've had before.  The service is great and food is fantastic.  Do want, do want, do want.
4	Awesome, love this place! Great traditional Tex-Mex style cusine, free chips and salsa while you wait and cozy mexican atmosphere. Go here before On The Border!!! HIGHLY RECOMMENED!Not five stars due to price, they charge just a little much for what you get, but it is SO DELICIOUS!
4	Coming from Southern California, I've been fairly disgruntled with the Mexican food in Vegas since moving here 14 months ago. But despite this place being down the street, we didn't try it until recently, skeptical -- but are glad we did!The atmosphere is kind of like On the Border Meets Islands (if you're familiar with that chain) . The food seems to be a mix between the Tex-Mex I recall from living in Dallas and California-style mexican food. It's a little more on the tex-mex side, I'd say, though you can get shredded or ground beef, if beef's your thing.The chips don't appear to be homemade, so that's a bummer for me, but they're still pretty tasty. And the salsa is a nice smoky chipotle.  Chips and salsa is a So Cal staple which we've struggled to find here, for some reason.The fajitas I had were good, too. Were they may favorite ever? No, but I'd order them again! Their beans are delicious, too. I'm not as big of a fan of their rice as my boyfriend is -- he LOVES it -- but it's also quite tasty.  They have a nice selection of items and we've gone back sevearl times now -- once to dine-in and we've gotten food to go from them a few times. Their service has always been really great, friendly, especially the bald-headed gentleman -- REALLY nice and personable.  Great, now I want Que Mas for dinner...
5	Just found my new fav Mexican restaurant.  The atmosphere is really great.  The food is amazing.  Chips and salsa are fantabulous.  Drinks are good prices.
5	This place is a hole in the wall, but the Food and Service are second to none!!
3	Eh... sadly, the last few times we've gone there/ordered take-out from there, its been less than awesome.  There's something in the ranchero and enchilada sauces, some kind of spice, that they are getting REALLY heavy-handed with. In fact, even the smell of it turns my stomach now, sadly. I can't put my finger on what it is... oregano or maybe cloves?  Whatever it is, it's not a good thing.  Their rice has been especially dry and clumpy the last few times we've ordered, as well.Their beans are still delicious, their salsa still rocks, but I do think they could pony up for some homemade chips. It's not that hard to make them and it would make their great salsa stand out more.Their service is still great, too, but overall the place is just not as awesome as it was for me before. Bummer.
5	LOVE the Sizzling enchiladas!!! This hard to find location is so good, best Tex-Mex style I have found in the area. My family loves this place!
4	Food is great. Chips a lil salty but a lot of food for great price. Server was very friendly
5	Excellent as always!  Great service and food.  Clean and cleverly decorated.  Try the seafood flautas appetizer!
5	Wow! I have finally found authentic mexican food in Las Vegas! This place is affordable. Service is quick! Waiter always had a smile on his face very good service. Best part of all the food was amazing. I was hesitant to try this place but I decided give it a try and it's 5 stars in my book! The only small complaint is at first smelt a bit of cig smoke since it is connected to a bar. However after getting your meal you forget all about it.Can't wait to come back and try again!
5	Had the carne asada burrito. Excellent service from Ernesto and Gabe. I like the fresh made chips and salsa.
5	I saw this dive of a hole in the wall many times and just drove by. I was sure it was a real toilet to go eat at. It is located in a strip mall type property next to Surf City Bar and Grill...another dump, I was almost positive. I got tired of all of my usual restaurant.com coupons and as a last resort I purchased one for Que Mas. My wife complained the entire way there that the last place she wanted to go after work is a trash can to eat dinner, but none the less, we are cheap and we did had a coupon!We walked into the restaurant and was pleasantly surprised by the authentic Mexican look and feel to the place. The person who greeted us (not surprisingly) was pretty authentic himself. We were given a menu and warm, homemade tortilla chips with homemade salsa. Nothing canned about this place! The menu was inclusive, but not over full. It was easy to read and understand. Prices reasonable.The service was very fast and we were eating in no time. I had the Steak Ranchero, and it was the best Mexican food I have had since I went to Isla Mujeres, Mexico! I would say that the only thing that wasn't authentic Mexican was the owner! Surf City Bar and Grill...the "dump" next door...is a very nice bar area where they serve food from Que Mas. They are connected by a hallway, but separated so that food can be served in a smoking bar! Very smart! We will be back!I would recommend Que Mas and Surf City Bar and Grill to family and friends!
5	We went to Que Mas for a second try. I was hell bent on finding something wrong with this place. My first experience had to be a fluke. Sure enough, I had the nacho's and they were not as good as the steak ranchero...who would have known? Nacho's here are for an appetizer and although large enough for a meal, I will stick to the more traditional and actually order an entree! Silly me!
5	Service is awesome, and the food is great.  Nice "Mexican" feel, and homey atmosphere.
4	It's like almost being in Mexico on Isla Mujeres. Very comfortable the food is great as well as the service a must go if you have not been here, the lunches a reasonable and filling, plenty of chips and salsa very friendly staff.
3	Nice place and good salsa but wasn't impressed with my sizzling enchiladas. The waiter was very nice and the service good. I may come back to try something different but nothing real special about the enchiladas unfortunately.
5	So glad we stopped in this place.  The service was great.  And so was the food.  It was especially fresh.  We all ordered different dishes, and they were all great.  I can't wait to eat my leftovers tonight (couldn't eat it all at lunch).  Thank you yelpers for your good reviews which encouraged me to try it out.
4	Based on Yelp! reviews, we went to this place and were extremely happy with our choice. My gf had the steak ranchero, and I had the chile verde.  Both dishes were well prepared and tasty.  And consider that in LA where we live, we have many choices for Mexican cuisine.  Yet, Que Mas easily stands up to any of them.  The curious thing for us is that we dined around 8:30 p.m. on a Sunday night.  We were the only diners in the place.  Worried that the food quality might suffer because of the slow business, we found that are worries were misplaced.  The food flavors couldn't have been more satisfying.  Give this place 4.5 stars at least.
4	((Nom nom)) this place is soooo good!! I recommend getting the hand-made guacamole! They make it right at your table! Also their salsa is to die for! I got the sizzling enchiladas (mostly because a yelp review at a picture of it and it looked Devine :) ) yummy! I was full from the guac and salsa it was so hard to eat haha yum! Highly recommend! It's location is hidden and it's sort of a hole-in-the-wall kinda place, but in my experience those are usually the best kind of places!
2	After reading reviews we were expecting a great homemade Mexican meal. Didn't think the quality of food was that great, there were whole tomatoes in our salsa, the rice and beans were not very hot, and my que mas burrito tasted very bland. Won't be going back or recommending this place.
2	Actually went to Surf city Bar & Grille but it's more a bar so we ended up in Que Mas attached . Well it's mexican food nothing special. Nothing great to talk about. Had to try once won't go back.
3	Military discount, kids menuOtherwise standard mexican restaurant.
5	Ernesto was great. Food was just as good. First bathroom I've seen on this side of town with zero graffiti in. Resturant was very clean. No dust anywhere. Very chill place to eat. Salsa was food too.
5	Have been twice in past two weeks. Chicken enchiladas were good. Carnitas and Chili Verde were fantastic. Loved the chips and salsa. Some of the best I have had in quite awhile. Will be returning.
5	Another wonderful meal -chicken and steak fajitas - quick and delicious.Large portions - 2 of us ate and there where plenty of leftovers...My friends had a huge margarita and finished it all ~ I drove ;)Service is always polite and attentive!
5	Our family loves coming to this place. They always have great chips and salsa. The service is great and the staff is on top of it. It is a family atmosphere where we can bring our children for a nice dinner.
3	The food was really good but the service was horrible. We got seated right away but waited at LEAST 15min to get our drinks and our server.  When our server (male, quite, hair down) finally arrived he asked if anyone has taken our drinks or orders and we said no. And from there, i was expecting some sort of apology or some sign of "sorry" but nothing. We got our food and it was delicious. Their dessert was so-so. Our waiter never came back to us to ask us if everything was ok and if we needed anything. He never refilled our drinks. I was disappointed. It was Mothers Day and she wanted to have a great Mexican dinner. I'll go ahead and say i will give this place another try and hope they dont disappoint again.
5	My husband and I went for dinner and it was amazing! The service was beyond great and the food was even better! Best fajitas we've had in a long time!
5	Food and service is always an A plus!!!!! We love coming here! Their salsa is bomb and food delicious! You have to try it :-)
5	Great food, great service.  We've been here lots of times and the food is always good and the servers are always friendly and fast.  Price is reasonable and portions are just right. Everyone we've taken here has enjoyed it.  Highly recommend!!
2	The chips and salsa are the best thing here that I have tried. Their tortillas are like the ones you buy at the store and their beans taste like Rosarita canned beans. This is probably a good place to go for drinks and appetizers but not so much for a meal. The staff was very friendly. Ill probably go back just for the convenience.
5	We have been dining at Que Mas for almost 10 years now. The food is consistently delicious. Right from the free warm tortillas and tasty salsa to every menu item. I recommend the beef chimichanga and grilled burrito. Both are so flavorful and zesty. I always leave too full to move. The service is second to none. I love this restaurant.
5	Amazing Mexican food. The service was fabulous as well. We started with the complimentary chips and salsa, along with guacamole and cheese dip. Our waiter brought the ingredients for the guacamole and prepared it right at our table. It was fresh and very tasty! The cheese dip was served in a skillet with veggies and seasoning mixed in.  I had never had cheese dip like that at a Mexican restaurant, and it was GOOD.For our entrees, I had the Arroz con Pollo (chicken with veggies, rice, and cheese) and a cheese enchilada. My boyfriend had the super nachos with shredded beef. Both were very big portions, hot, and delicious. We can't wait to go back!
4	Que Mas is one of our favorite Mexican restaurants in Vegas. Friendly, efficient service and delicious food. Love their salsa and chips. My husband usually orders enchilada plate with pot beans instead of refried beans. And I love their steak tacos with avocado. Great food - generous portions. Good service and descent prices.
4	Sometimes the best restaurants can be found right under your nose-passed this place many times on my way home from work. Was craving Mexican and after seeing the reviews decided to venture outside the box of my usual Mexican haunts. I ordered the Enchiladas Vallarta and savored the creamy cheesy sauce.  The entree was served with white rice & black beans, a nice change from the typical Spanish rice & refried beans.  I washed this tasty meal down with a perfectly potent frozen Margarita!  The decor was Cantina-cute!  Nice neighborhood joint to enjoy a cold delicious beverage with an equally delicious meal.
3	The food was average and everything is overpriced. My friend and I were playing video poker the whole time yet only 1 drink was comped. Kinda disappointed because I was hoping to find a good hole-in-the-wall Mexican joint with video poker.
3	The food was mediocre. Our waiter took our order and he was clearly forgetful, yet didn't think it would be a good idea to write down our order, so of course my order was wrong. After the busser gave us our food, the waiter didn't come check on us, we had to flag him down to let him know the order was wrong. After that we never saw him again, it was just the busser helping us, who was very nice, if he would have been our server from the beginning our experience might have been different. *****Also I had regular beans in some type of small nacho bowl yet under my lettuce my rice was mixed with refried beans which doesn't make sense unless they are using other peoples unfinished rice and beans and hiding it under the lettuce.
5	My husband and I loved this place. Its really authentic and we love the soup. The service is always amazing and we wish we still lives close by.
5	I ordered the beef burrito and my wife got the cheese enchilada! Very delicious didn't look like a lot of food but was stuffed about halfway through! Definitely will be coming back here again
4	A hidden gem in North Las Vegas. Came here on a whim because I was craving seafood but wanted to stay local. Lucky me a friend of mine suggested it. The restaurant is much larger than it looks from the outside. Typical but charming decor. Remember that Mexican restaurant, Acapulco? Kinda reminds me of that place, minus the balloons. The food definitely exceeded my expectations. I ordered the shrimp tacos with rice and beans and a horchata of course. Huge portions, enough to share. Plenty to choose from on the menu. I think I'll try the streak fajitas next time cause that looked amazing. The kid menu had a great selection as well. The staff was very attentive. Refills before we even asked and the chips and salsa kept coming. They were a bit slow on taking our order but no biggie. All in all, good food and great service. 4 solid stars.
3	First time here & food was great but SERVICE was horrible!! We had fajitas & a seafood burrito was awesome!  We will go back, but planned to ask for a different waiter.  The server,  Manuel,  was unpersonable & not welcoming!  He seemed like he didn't want to be there. -forgot my water with no ice -no utensils & napkins - got us forks but only 2!! It was 3 of us & baby.  Is there a shortage of forks? They had to bring 1 more & he sent a girl to do that. -forgot my guacamole -didn't get our Military discount after asking Few other things & just disappointing.  Such a shame... Hope next post will be better!
