3	Enjoy this place before it is really "discovered" by folks in the West Valley.  Located NW corner of the 101 & Northern in the large shopping area.  It's on the right when you enter the main street that leads up to the movie theatre.Traditional wood snugs, nice lineup of taps, and proper glassware for the pints of Guinness.  We only had dessert and it was quite good, though the portion was a bit small.  Pints of Guinness were served well with a proper pour and the logoed glass enhances the experience for this beautiful ale.Menu looks to offer traditional pub favories with a modern spin on some of them.  Prices were reasonable as far as pubs go, especially compared to that Lis Dun Varna up the street.  I will be back soon for appetizers and main course, but so far as dessert spot with a few pints this place is great.
2	Well this was the first #wvfn. The #evfn usually draws 40+ folks so many of us were anxious to see where things went. We had about 20 folks at one point and here goes the report.I got there about 6:02 made the wrong turn and so when I asked about Happy Hour was told I just missed it . I asked about a small extension and was rebuffed.  I mentioned that we were a larger group and that the should consider going to 7pm, and that it probably costs them $300 in sales by stopping at 6pm as oppose to the old stand by of 7pm. Deaf ears.I ordered mu usualy Pilsner Urquel which came back a) flat and b) no foam ..come on Czech's like some foam and c) I think they flew to Pilzen to get the beer. I did not order food, I would have but since happy hour was not offered I passed.I did get to sample a sausage from my buddy next to me. His meal came with 3 and while the sausage as tasty the meal was cold, as was the potato leek soup. We were outside in fairness but still I was expecting a little more.The shining moment were the waitresses, they came by often and asked if we were ok and needed anything. So I am thinking it was not them who flew to Pilzen for the best beer made. We got plenty of attention which has always been a problem with #evfn. We shall see as our group grows.
4	Ok....my 2nd review of an "Irish" pub.  And we're getting closer.  Good ambiance - I really thought it looked much like a few pubs I visited in Dublin (tho no pictures, that I saw, of the famous revolutionaries, no flags, no old photographs.  But a good draft beer selection.  And a really good Irish menu - we had the fish sandwich and the banger sandwich (lunch menu) which included chips (french fries) and I ordered a side of curry dip for the chips.  Good stuff.Good Irish music (cd's) playing in the background - not obtrusive.  And a very good wait staff.  The bartender greeted us the minute we walked in. But sorry, folks, music is Thurs thru Sat and no Irish music that they admitted to - cover bands instead.  So I'll keep looking, but I'll stop here when I'm in the neighborhood.
4	I should just stop calling these reviews part of my cider tour of the Phoenix area and seek sponsorship from Strongbow instead because it's the only draught they, being bars with an Irish theme, have other than the one blowing up my arse about these being Irish pubs that is.Don't worry by my second pint this review gets friendlier. Let's start with the appetizers and the curious price of curry and chips. $8.95.The price of the curry sauce and the chips ($2.50 and $4.00 when ordered separately)  is an application of new math that I find puzzling. *Ok the first pint is warming me up and it's time to praise the banger wontons Nope it's not an Asian street gang but a dab of pork sausage and herbs within a wonton wrapper.  These are really good, pretty inventive and the spicy sauce that comes with them ( seems to be HP , Vinegar and something I can't quite put my  tongue on ( horseradish?)  , while good, is a little  overpowering for the center.  We really liked these.Pint 2:My wife had the beer battered fish and chips and loved them but she'll get to that in her review. I had the shepherd's pie boxty , basically ground lamb/ beef  wrapped up in a potato based crepe/ pancake.  The filling was light, moist and nicely spiced  unlike the usual attempts by most places to hide up a culinary crime scene. E.g If you can't do the thyme...  The accompanying veggies, asparagus and peppers were a nice touch and you can see the visual appeal of the dish on the accompanying picture. Desert. We had. ok we ordered,  the Irish whiskey creme brulee , most of the desserts here are about as Irish as George Takei, and it was absent of any whiskey taste that either of us could discern.It's OK but a let down given the promise.    Knocking off .5 stars for that and the appetizer pricing. Food came out really quickly  in under 10 mins. It  was about 1430 when we came in and the place was kinda quiet. Mallory provided great service throughout.*I wrote their corp office and Eric returned an explanation within an hour. the disparity in the chip/curry conundrum lies with the curry sauce. The "side" of sauce is supposed to be 3oz less than the appetizer.
3	I expected better food.... I met up with 5 other friends for some grub and some drinks. I had the Corn Beef with Cabbage and it so so freaking boring I needed to add the spicy Mustard to give it a little flavor. Friend 1 had burger...dry and tasteless Friend 2 had Turkey burger....bland and boring #3 had corn beef taco's boring and tasteless ....a taco tasteless????? #4 had a burger...same #5 had fish and frys...the fish was good the frys were cold The drinks were good, but I is not hard to make Captain and Coke, Stoli and Coke, Jack and Coke, some fruity drink and a beer. I wish it was better....
4	I liked this place.  It was totally cool you could go and play the Wii or Battleship in the next room.  I thought that was awesome. Keeps the kids away from tripping all over my table.Met up with friends one night... had a couple of super strong beers, it seems.  I like Guiness with Blue Moon (a black and blue) and this one seemed to hit me harder where even on just 2 of them I was like "Whoa I gotta stop".For the dinner... I had those folded thingies like the one in the picture... for the life of me, I cannot remember what they are called.  Mine had the corned beef and cabbage... It got rich quick... I couldn't even eat a quarter of it.  A friend had a salmon one that wasn't so rich, but tasted awesome. Another had the fish and chips, which I usually never try but tried there, and they were good.  So good that I went to another bar in Surprise and was pretty disappointed with their fish and chips.The music is fun... the people are easy. I will definitely suggest going back.
2	Moist, fresh food from a chain, on the west side. Who'd have thunk?--actual STEAMED fresh vegetables, not micro frozen. see what little effort it takes?--loved the "buffalo" potatoes; nicely cooked, bite-size, drenched in wing sauce with ranch for dipping. BING.--really pricey for what it is. $14 for a basic salad? where do you think we are, Scottsdale?--too many windows, too much light to be a proper pub--decor from some pick-by-page-and-letter Irish kitsch catalog.--um. there's a metal fishnet thing on the ceiling!--all two- and four-tops except for a giant picnic-table size 16-top: you can't bring your extra 0.6 out of 2.6 children -- who needed him anyway?--ding for leaving my half-and-half on the bar for 5 minutes; this is a PUB, lady! Don't keep me from my Guiness and Harp!Something surreal about the popup mall that sits across from a dead field. And right on the corner is the Auld Dubliner. Far too many windows for a proper pub. Fill those in, man! And what do we get to look at? The empty dead field across the street.Although very moist and fresh, the food here is mostly bland. Thank God for Coleman's mustard. Between us all we emptied the entire jar onto our food; ok, most of it was on my plate, but hey!
4	I am actually really liked this place. Despite the reviews being a little mixed we decided to stop in and try it for an after work happy hour. During happy hour their aps are half off which was an instant positive in my book. I tried both the corn beef tacos and the Irish quesadilla and enjoyed both. The tacos took my by surprise in a good way and definitely left an impression since I keep thinking about them every time we pass. Their nutella brownie was delicious and overall our service was very friendly. My only complaint was that as the afternoon progressed our waitress disappeared. She forgot a cider refill and messed up the bill a bit, but it was obvious she was stretched a little thin. Some of the people in my party did not enjoy their apps as much as I did mine so I was glad I made the choices I did. I definitely see us coming back and trying out more of the menu.
3	Quite a few Irish Pubs have sprung up in the West Valley; one by the Peoria Spots Complex, The Auld Dubliner, and most recently one at West Gate. I have been to each spot and I have frequented TAD many more times. I like the atmos at TAD however I question the rusty farm tools and nets hanging on the walls. After coming here for a few happy hours over the last few months, and taking advantage of the special pricing, happy hour is a good time to come. Some of the happy hour specials are $1 off draft beers, half priced appetizers, and extended lunch menu definitely makes this time of day a better value. TAD has a selection of about 12 draft brews including one of my favorites Smithwick's. On one visit I tried the Fish N Chips which are pretty standard and tasty. **Bargain hunter alert ** Tied into the happy hour, TAD offers lunch portions until 6 pm -- smaller portion and more cost effective.The Auld Dubliner is a solid spot for happy hour.
3	Decent food, semi pricy drinks, decent service. Sometimes you feel ignored other times it's all good. They say they have strongbow which is my favorite cider / beer But they hit 3 strikes with me, I went there 3 times and every time they were out and said they always have it. The corned beef is a little plain but the steamed veggies and shepards pie is decent, I do see myself reaching for the tabasco and spicy mustard a lot there :( It's good enough to occasionally stop in but nothing to rant and rave about.
4	Been back several times now. The only fault  is the price which seems dissonant with the address. Isn't the  whole point of  Irish food, least as mythologized,is the hearty cheap nature of it?  $14 for a boxty is taking us for eejits. So far the best we've found on the West side but I'd rather hit McCaffrey's up unless I'm really close to this one.
3	I had a coupon for a buy one get one free meal, so of course we had to check it out. The staff was friendly but the building was small. The beer was good and the food okay. The entertainment was setting up as we set off to see a movie at the theater down the way. I am going to give it another try. If you sign up online, they send you coupons for free meals and money off your bill.
4	We made the trip to The Auld Dubliner on a Saturday late afternoon to have some drinks and a snack before the hockey game.  We were all hungry and everything on the menu sounded delicious.  First off drinks . . . Guinness please!  As they say, "when in rome," or in this case "when in an Irish Pub."Now time to decide on food.  So many choices!  I ended up going with a grilled veggie sandwich called Ploughman's Sandwich.  My friend got the Chicken Pesto Sandwich and the boys both got a boxty; Shepards Pie and Cornned Beef.  Right as the server was leaving, we added an order of the Spicy Potatoes, I had to try them!While we were waiting to get our food, which didn't take too long, there was plenty of fun stuff on the walls to keep us busy; for our first visit anyway.  When the Spicy Potatoes arrived, we couldn't wait to jump in.  Small, new potatoes, fried and tossed in wing sauce, sprinkled with blue cheese crumbles and served with ranch.  These were by far the star of the meal!  The Dubliner had a perfectly tangy wing sauce that I wanted to put on everything!Once we finished those off, which did not take long at all, our food arrived and we were all pleased with that as well.  On my veggie sandwich, the ciabata was perfect; very soft, which isn't always the case with ciabata.  The sandwich was great, and also helped to clear my sinuses with all of the horseradish.  I love horseradish, however if you don't, I would suggest asking for it without the sauce.  The boxtys were good sized, not too big which is a plus when none of us wanted to get tired, we had a hockey game to go to!  They were served almost like a crepe, folded in quarters, with the filling oozing out of the side and scattered on top.  Very tasty!!I can't wait to attend another sporting event in Glendale so I have a reason to return to The Auld Dubliner.
1	We made a trip to the Auld Dubliner after the movies a couple of weeks ago.  We arrived about 10 pm and the place was crowded.  They had a live band and it was so loud that I couldnt hear anything!  We sat down and ordered drinks and waited about ten minutes for them.  After that we ordered off the limited late menu and I had the Corned Beef Sandwich and it was one of the worst meals I have ever had.  The texture and flavor were horrible.  My wife had wings and was not impressed.  The prices were very high for what you received.  We will not be making a return trip here.
2	I have been to this place over 10 times...  I am sad to say the food is getting worst and worst...  What gives?  Each time we go, I hope it gets better.  Nope...  The service has gotten worst too.  Hum, I might not return again...  But my husband loves the place...
4	The original #wvfn meetup spot! Great spot just off the 101 for cold brew! Bring 4 friends and order Irish Car Bombs! They have a great "slapper" for the experience. Still waiting for the video (hint @clintus)
4	I came here yesterday before going to see the movie The Bounty hunter (quite enjoyable if you ask me, go see it!).I drank a Sniakebite (okay 2 really, but they're so good. Half Guinness, half cider) and we split the Corned Beef Tacos.The tacos sounded weird but came highly recommended by our server so we gave them a try. WOW! So full of flavor! The horesradish crema gave it the perfect kick. The tortilla had a slight crisp to it and the cabbage gave it a nice crunch.  Had our movie started 15 minutes later (okay, okay, I really mean if we got there on time) we probably would have ordered another plate....and more beer.
4	This is a nice looking and fun Irish pub for Peoria.  Located in the Park West complex, which is beautiful, but I feel was part of the overbuilt boom in the Phoenix metro.  This malls location is in an area that doesn't fit the demographics.  It's just to nice for the area and I don't know how it will survive.  Most of what you see are vacant store fronts and beautiful landscaping all around.The inside of the pub is made to look like as authenic as can be.  This and the great beer selection make this a step ahead of several other Irish pubs out there.  The service I've experienced has always been good and I'd say if you're in the area pop your head in and take a look at the digs with a cold beer.
4	No major changes to report here. Tried the corned beef sliders this time and they were incredible. The cheddar ale soup on the other hand was just ok.
4	My husband and I met up with a friend at the pub on a Sunday late afternoon (4ish).  It was fairly empty at the time.  The decor is quite nice, the place seems airy and open and overall the service was excellent.  We were mostly there to chat over pints, but sampled a handful of the appetizers.  The hush puppies were awesome and I would highly recommend them.  I don't tend to spicy things, but I understand that the jalapeno jelly was excellent.  A quick bit of spice with the sweetness of jelly.  We also tried the pork rolls which were crispy on the outside and tender and delicious on the inside.  The potato boats (or skins or whatever they call them), were well executed as well.Since we were there for a few hours, we decided to order the chicken boxty, which was excellent as well.  The potato was cooked just right, the chicken was tender and juicy and the white sauce was to die for.  It also came with a side of steamed veggies that was well cooked (not mushy, not too crisp).I would certainly visit again.  And try the hush puppies.  Trust me.
4	This place is fun and the staff at least from my experience were great.. The design of the pub is unique and is definitely designed for a social experience.  The lunch here is good the dinner is forgettable but this place is a pub and you need to expect that. The beer selection is great and that alone is a winner for me.
