3	The decor at Eggs Frutti is so much like that of the inside of a Fruits & Passion store that you might even expect to leave with softer hands. All I'm really referring to actually, are the brilliantly white walls which are adorned with gigantic meteor-like images of fruits. Besides that though, this new brunch joint is pretty typical.The large fold out menu offers everything you'd expect - eggs, omelets, waffles, pancakes, and shakes. Daily brunch specials such as grilled salmon and salads are handwritten on large sheets of paper and stuck to the wall.My friend very unfortunately found a hair (the second in two visits! he claims) in his poached egg and wasn't pleased at all. Meanwhile, my fluffy waffles served with a side of creme anglaise and our other brunch table mate's plentiful plate of french toast and all of our various juicy fruit smoothies were just delightful.
4	Surprisingly nice breakfast joint, nice potatoes. Close to the old Picasso's ( I miss that place). Service, food and coffee were fast and good. I shall be going back.
4	I love this place and crave it all the time. I can't wait to go back to Montreal to enjoy it once again.It's one of the nicer breakfast/brunch places in Montreal; bright, open and clean. The menu is exhaustive - eggs, pancakes, crepes, etc. There's nothing missing.I particularly like the lox platter - every in-season fruit is specially cut and adorns the periphery of the plate, where a bed of lettuce is topped with a pile of lox. Bagel of your choice is served alongside with some cream cheese. Perfection.The prices are good, the portions are what you'd expect...however, the service here is consistently lacking. Don't expect water refills, only coffee. Don't expect to get your bill too quickly either. Food comes out quick but flagging down your server is quite the challenge. I never come when I'm in a rush though and manage to stay perfectly content.
5	Excellente nourriture service impeccable samedi gratuit pour les enfants
4	I get to go there often with my girlfriend... It's a nice place for breakfast and prices are reasonable.. The service could be better sometimes but i guess it's the same for any breakfast place when it gets busy..I certainly recommand this place.. go check it out for yourself......
