5	Being newly opened, was skeptical walking in. Loved every bit of food served. Very authentic taste.
4	Someone in the world HAD to write a good review of this place.Thursday night was date night, and my wife and I like to try new places. I found a LivingSocial coupon to Spice Cafe and we had talked about getting Indian food for weeks, so I thought let's give it a try.What a gem. Being open less than 3 months, the outside was very DIY but the inside was very nice, good seating, nice nooks, very clean, very family friendly. There was not a soul in the place. We sat down and looked over the menu, our server didn't speak much English which is always a good sign for delicious and authentic cuisine.The wine was served out of mini-bottles (not my favorite selection, but cute for the setting). The menu was at least 6 pages long, and I'm sure they could cook anything to curry perfection. We ordered a tandoori chicken appetizer, followed by garlic naan and a lamb curry dish that was sizable enough for two, and a side of jasmine rice. We opted out of dessert as we were filled to the brim (and I've never personally cared for Indian sweets). I have to admit however, that my wife is not a fan of very spicy foods, so we order mild dishes, though I'm sure Spice Cafe can bring the heat if that is what you are in to.By the time we were finished, there were a handful of families sitting around all of which seemed to have connections with one another. It was a perfect discovery.I give it a 4 and not a 5 only because of the less than ideal location and ambience for a perfect date nigth, but word on the street is they have a great lunch buffet, and would be a good spot for dinner with friends.Next time I visit: on my plate will be the lamb samosas to start and a variety of curry dishes with roti for entree to share among friends.
3	I think there is a law in America that all Indian restaurants must have a lunch buffet. In accordance with said law, as I walked up to Spice Cafe on my lunch break I was greeted by an A-frame telling me the buffet was $8.95. Sounded about right, so in I went.The buffet boasted a good amount of choices, a few more than the slightly cheaper one at Passage to India. The standout was the Paneer in...pinkish orange... sauce. They had a fish curry that I really wanted to like (mostly so I could write about how much I loved the fish curry) but it was (unsurprisingly) overly fishy. The naan was a little crispy for my liking but had good flavor.Some of the waitstaff was a little green (It took a few tries to run the gentleman in front of me's credit card since he was a First Last, III) but i can forgive this. It was also dark, like noticeably dark, which was odd. I'll have to come back when they aren't doing a buffet (and perhaps hav ethe lights turned up) to see what kind of spice they can really turn out, but for a lunch when my tummy is really rumbling, they are going on the list of options for sure.
5	Incredibly sweet staff and excellent food. Closest to Indian flavors since I went to India.
5	We just had an amazing lunch here.  Cobi Manchurian was very tasty and for our entree we had malai chicken that was delicious.  Highly suggest it.
4	Spice Cafe!  I like this place much better than Spice 9 in Concord.They have a very tasty lunch buffet for 8.95.  It's kind of pricey for lunch but not for what you get.The cold items set up and where you pick up your plates is a little awkward.  But they have a very smooth and refreshing mango mousse.  Also some fresh salad and different sauces.There is a different buffet selection each visit.  They have some vegetarian options.  I love the Naan, butter masala chicken and the tandoori chicken. I have never come here and been disappointed.  I do have some concern about the fluctuating sanitation rating but I have not seen any issues with cleanliness, the atmosphere is quite classy even though it's a casual restaurant.
4	Saturday lunch buffet was great!  More options than I expected and everything I tried was delicious.  The only problem was the service.  One lone employee was trying to seat customers, serve drinks, clear tables, and bring people their checks.  He was polite and constantly moving, but it was far too much for one person to keep up with.  There was a sign in the window that they are hiring, so perhaps more employees will improve the service.
2	Well I must say I was very let down here. After not having good Indian food for a while it appears this period will be prolonged, as the food here is anything but good. Yes, I know buffet foods aren't great, that's why I was really hoping I could order something off the menu. Nope, it's just a buffet.Although there were a couple of vegan options, none of them were tolerable. Each plate seemed to be bad in it's own unique way. From over cooked to a poor balance of spice, indeed, there was an array of bad to try here.But it's not all bad. The place looks nice and there is good seating. Also, is all you can eat. For me that meant picking at a couple plates and leaving to go grab a snack elsewhere.
3	Another buffet spot to add to the Indian scene in the university area.  I didn't see a menu so I think they offer the buffet all day everyday, of course I could be wrong.  The restaurant is laid out very nicely which was quite impressive, however I found the limited buffet to be just ok.  I like more of a variety and Spice Cafe just didn't deliver for me on this visit.  I realize they're still pretty new so I'll give them another try in a couple of months in hopes that they add a bit more to choose from.
5	Hands down!! The best Indian cuisine in Charlotte, NC!! And believe me, I've looked!  I heart this place!!
5	Loved the taste of Hyderabad Dum Biryani
1	Zero in cleaness ... Poor in service
4	Awesome biryani.. love there chicken and mutton biryani.. rest are ok..
5	We tried cut chilli with old monk beer we liked it very much.....
4	Very good indian food.  Went with a bunch of co-workers and had a variety of food.  I had the chicken biryrani and vegetable samosas - both were delicious and so was the naan.  I tried my friends rogan josh and chicken tikka masala - the rogan josh was very good and the masala was probably one of the best i've had.  Will definitely come back here again.
3	First visit to spice cafe!! Heard it was great!  My fork and taste buds will let me know!!!!Ordered take out.  Chicken Tikka Masala...veggie vada, plain naan.  I will have to return for Chicken Biryani.
3	They have a really good lunch buffet on weekends. I went here on one Saturday for lunch. I am quite satisfied by the number of dishes and quality of dishes.The veg biryani is great. The okhra curry is delicious. I like that they had pani puri and all the stuff to make pani puris. The dosas are nice.I would recommend this place. As a vegetarian, this is a decent place for a nice lunch buffet.
4	'Spice Cafe' was the very first restaurant I've been to, after getting hitched and moving to Charlotte. Some very good memories in here. Can't help it, if I'm being a bit baised.. :)On a serious note, we were in Charlotte for about five months and the best 'Chicken Biryani' I've ever tasted is here. If you are in Charlotte, craving for some good Biryani then this is the place to be.The buffet on the weekends is great too.They have a wide variety of both Veg/Non-Veg dishes on the menu. The serving people(waiters) are usually university students working part time and they are a bit amateur, otherwise the staff is very hospitable and the service is good. The 'Chef' occasionally hops out of the kitchen to interact with the diners, only during the non-busy hours though.That was cool.After moving from Charlotte, we've been to several other restaurants and I can still vouch for the best 'Chicken Biryani' here. Definitely worth it!!
1	Used to be good, not any more.                                                                     Though this restaurant is expensive when compared to others, the taste and quality used to be good. I was left with nightmare  on my recent visit. We ordered special chicken 65 and chicken biryani. chicken 65: Too much of food color and didn't taste good at all. Chicken biryani: I strongly believe that it's was the leftover for morning buffet.. Rice was mashed up, and wet..
1	They served my dinner, after a long wait, to another table!!!! The other table didn't even order but had no problem eating my dinner!!!
4	I would appreciate these guys for doing a Unlimited Dosa night - it's a bold move . I went early evening and was served with close to 5 dosas , I was unable to finish all of them though , sides were awesome , especially the red chutney ( tomato) .Plain Dosa - good Paneer Dosa - not so good as panner was plain could have added some masala n some salt .Kal Dosa - pretty big , for unlimited dosa Uthappam - was not so cooked on the middle, but was good .(big one )They took sometime to serve dosa .My advise to chef - please don't serve chutneys right from fridge , doesnot taste good . Otherwise you are doing a good job .Please advertise this dosa night more , so that everyone get to try them !  ( good strategy needs good marketing too ) , will come again sometime next month for more dosas . For anyone who does not what dosa is - it's rice crepe , it's crispy and yummy served with different sides - sambar , chutneys and podi . Masala dosa is stuffed wih mash potatoes (Indian style)
5	A la carte is the soooo much better than the buffet. It's pricey but more flavorful. The best Indian restaurant in town. Go spice cafe...try mutton, malai kofta n pepper shrimp...yum yum yum Dosa'sare awesome too!!!
1	the worst indian restaurant experience ever - went there on a weekend for the buffet - there was no systematic seating, people walked in, grabbed the plates, and started eating while standing as there was no seating available.  people who were standing in the line are not fools to just stand and wait. people just walked and grabbed seats without considering the line, and the owner didn't seem to acknowledge the fact that there should be a wait and everyone should follow the line system. I cannot speak about the food as i didn't get a chance to eat there, but i was very put off by the whole arrangement, and left without eating.
4	This place is great the food is amazing. and cook the way is suppose to be cooked spicy not bland. Tandoori chicken I couldn't stop eating it goat curry so delicious if you like spicy  flavorful dishes come here you won't be disappointed....
3	Food taste is good.Recommend a to-go here.
4	This place was really good - unfortunately the owner sold his restaurant to a small California based chain - Peacock.  I imagine the owners of Peacock tried to cash in on the immense popularity of Spice Cafe as it was packed on the weekends for their buffet.Unfortunately, the new Peacock restaurant is TERRIBLE.  The food is disgusting and I imagine they may not be around long...
