5	I selected Badger Brothers after reading, contacting, and talking with literally dozens of "movers" on Craigslist. All of the other movers could barely muster a sentence, let alone provide with with a quote or any suggestions/details.When I contacted Eric, he was friendly and professional. I gave him the details of my move and he assured me it would be an easy move and that it would take about 3-4 hours to complete.Two days before the move, he called to confirm the meeting time and place.Moving day came, and Eric and Adrian arrived exactly on time. They wasted no time getting to work, loading the contents from my storage unit into the U-Haul. I helped as much as I could, but with as fast and proficient as the two of them were, I was only getting in the way.They made short work of the load; it took maybe one hour to empty my 10x15 storage unit into the truck. Everything was packed securely and logically. The guys were super friendly during the entire load-in.They followed me to the new location, and once again immediately went to work, unloading the truck. I moved into a 2-story house, and those guys made short work of the stairs (both upstairs and down to the basement). They're both beasts, easily carrying box springs and tables solo, but never once did they bump into or damage anything.We were done before I knew it; they helped rearrange a few items inside before leaving, and were still done in 3-hours flat. I also asked them about the 1-star reviews and they explained that Adrian suffered a freak knee re-injury a few weeks ago, and it put them and others in a bind. Based on how hard these guys worked, I'm shocked they don't have more injuries. They really are hard working and relentless.I feel bad that some folks had issues as a result of Adrian's injury, but I'd not only highly recommend giving them a chance, but I'd offer you won't find nicer, harder working movers in the Madison area. Their rates were fair, and I'm super thrilled with their work.
5	Enough cannot be said about the professionalism of Eric and Adrian. They helped me complete a somewhat complicated move from Wisconsin to California last summer with absolutely no issues or headaches. After agreeing to an incredibly fair price, they showed up on the morning of our scheduled move and packed the truck with lightening speed. They took great care with our stuff and brought all the necessary wrapping supplies to protect our furniture. They then made quick work of my girlfriend's apartment and were on the road. We were a bit hesitant because they were going to beat us to the new place, but we had a friend meet them and let them in and sure enough, when we arrived, everything was in our apartment and not a single thing was damaged or missing.Eric and Adrian helped us tremendously and we *HIGHLY* recommend them! They are trustworthy, friendly, and punctual - what more could you ask for?!It's unfortunate that there were a couple of bad experiences listed here, but I have to believe that these were extenuating circumstances or just a bad day for the guys. They are great! Book them without an ounce of hesitation now!!
5	We hired they guys for a second time. They were on time, polite and worked hard. We threw them a few curve balls with a second address pick up. They were more than willing to help and even cancelled personal plans to stay til the end. Great guys with a super work ethic. They are the only ones we will call.
5	Excellent. Best movers in Madison. I have hired numerous movers over the years  but these guys are the only 5 star company. Reasonable, professional and reliable. If you hire anyone else in Dane County you are making a serious mistake.
