5	If you weren't paying attention then it would be hard to notice this cute new nail salon in the Northwest. Situated right in front of Centennial Hospital, it would be a shame for any nurses and doctors to miss out on amazing leg massages. Surprised they opened at 9am but even more surprised by how amazing my leg massage felt. Trina used so much pressure and took her time. So worth the continuous visit! Got the gel pedicure for $40 omg so reasonably price and so much better than the surrounding salons!
1	Since was close by went in for a pedicure. Only 2 people working had a long wait. Things were ok until after I was done, girl who did my pedi was WAY too rough and had cuts on my feet from pumice stone. Have never had this happen before. Also noticed they used the same metal scraper/to take off dead skin on 3 different people. They just rinsed off in sink between  clients...Umm ..does not seem like a safe practice. Will never be going back.
5	Friendly and welcoming!  Did a great job! Wonderful quality of work!  Clean environment!  I will be a return customer!  Looking forward to many more great looking nails!  Can't wait to try a pedicure as well!
5	Thought I would check this place out since I live so close..I'm very happy I did! The staff is very friendly, Gina in particular did my nails, and she did an amazing job! Reasonably priced. Clean facility. Relaxing. I will be a returning customer!!
1	Horrible! Please don't waste your time or money. I got a pedi and gel layover with gel polish and two days later the gel start peeling. Two thumbs down! They should change the name to "Nails you Hate"
4	I had angel to give me a stiletto full set. Nice work. The shop is very clean and relaxing. It wasn't busy when I went in so I had no wait time. They have a tv you can watch right in front of you so that was cool. Most places I been to either the tv is really low or they play music at the same time which bugs me. I'll be going back again.
4	I got acrylics taken off and a regular manicure. The lady was nice, gentle, and did a good job trying not to hurt me. Total cost was $20. They charged me $5 to take off acrylics.
