3	I wouldn't ordinarily review a Baskin-Robbins 'cos it's a big chain and you get the same product everywhere, but the guy working behind the counter was so enthusiastic and friendly I had to mention it. He greeted everybody as they walked in, gave suggestions on the product (I said I liked the reese's peanut butter cup after I sampled it, and then he wanted me to sample the heath too for contrast), encouraged additional samples ("hey have you tried THIS?"), cracked jokes in his european accent, and then later, as we were sitting there working our way through our ice creams, he brought by little dixie cups of chocolate shake ("hey, a guy just ordered a shake and there was some leftover in the blender so I'm bringing you some!") ...and finally a "Bye, please come again" in the most totally sincere manner...
4	I went to this Baskin Robbins and had so much fun I couldn't believe I forgot to Yelp it.  The ice cream here is the same great quality as the ice cream in all their other stores (although here in the Southwest they had English Toffee while they haven't had that in Ohio since the 80's I think!)  Anyway, the guys behind the counter kept me laughing the whole time I was there. Such friendly people who clearly enjoy serving the public and spreading cheer.  I think at least one of the guys is Russian, based on the accent.  SO FUNNY, these guys.  Please, go spend some money there and keep them in business.
4	Nothing beats Baskin Robbins on a hot summer Las Vegas day. Heck... even during the winter you can find me in there ordering. Granted one thing that makes this store unique to other ones, (and by that i mean the ones i have been to), THEY SERVE PINK BUBBLE GUM ICE CREAM!! WOOHOO!!!!Yes ladies and gentleman, I love me some pink bubblegum. LOL And most importantly, the staff here are all awesome and deserve our business.
5	the friendliest staff in any food establishment or service industry bar none.  I'm not sure what the owner is doing but the staff is consistently cheerful and attentive.  But then again I have met owners on two occassions and they were awesome.  They make suggestion's about cake choices and go out of there way to greet you when you walk in and thank you on way out.  I need to make sure my customer service in my biz is like this.
5	now has self served for 88 cents! yuuuuuum!
4	Summer is here and Las Vegas almost fooled me for a while. Cold in May... The last few months were also not as hot as previous years... Then BAM! Where did this excruciating heat come from? This past week has been hot enough for me to want to hibernate indoors until fall, but instead I decided to stop by for some ice cream. As Emmagelle B has stated in the previous review, they serve an .88 cent cone that comes out to .95 cents with tax. For this price, I was expecting a dinky cone that would disappear in two bites. When the girl behind the counter, Amber, handed it to me my eyes bulged in disbelief. It was more than I had expected and a steal at this price. Fantastic service and a great deal. Another reason to go out for a cone.
4	dollar cones on tuesday and wednesday.. can't beat it!
5	You scream, I scream, we all scream for ice cream!!!!Man, do I love ice cream and throughout the years Baskin-Robbins has been my constant. I have never wavered from my favorite, chocolate chip cookie dough. Whether it's in a shake, on a cone, in a cup, or in an ice cream cake it's definitely my go-to flavor. No other cookie dough ice cream compares at the competition.I particularly like this location for a couple of reasons: 1.) they maintain a clean store 2.) the staff is friendly and helpful. Plus, they don't mind giving out a ton of samples to my indecisive 7 year old ;)3.) the prices at this location are more competitive than other BR locations4.) they have kids scoops for $.99 on Tuesdays and Wednesdays, no limits (an ice cream aficionados dream!)5.) they always have extra stock on hand of the various ice cream flavors (unlike another BR location that ran out of all the popular flavors on a Wednesday night. What?)On top of all that, this location has a wonderful outdoor area in the courtyard where you can sit and enjoy your ice cream al fresco style.P.S. sign up for their birthday club for you and the kiddo's. You get a free scoop of ice cream on your birthday as well as a coupon for $3 off an ice cream cake. You'll also stay on top of limited edition ice cream flavors as they release. I say, why not?
4	It's Tuesday and I'm in the mood for ice cream. Whatever will I do? Head to Baskin Robbins that's what. Kid's cone for 99 cents? Can't get better than that. I was craving some chocolate and peanut butter, my old standby when daquiri ice isn't available. Service was standard and I was in and out in less than five minutes. They advertise all their specials on the doors and it's definitely a bargain, if you're wanting a cone on a hot day in Henderson.
4	99 CENTS KID'S CONE TUESDAYNo restrictions on size or age of ice cream lover.  Here's an opportunity for "broke your mouth" (808 slang for great tasting) and not break the piggy bank excuse for some crazy and old fashioned ice cream creations.Yu-go chauffeur's all time favorite is of course his Rocky Road and because I'm always a kid at heart, I'm attracted to Martian green, purple and red color of the " Razzle Dazzle Swirl. I think Yu-go chauffeur may have discovered a new favorite.Some of you may remember Baskin Robbins stores being all white and very little in colors outside of their brown and pink logo.  This store is far more playful in color and a suggestive attraction for all ages. Everything pops at you and that includes the ice cream selections.
1	I loaded up the family and the free ice cream coupons. ..everybody was excited for the treat! When we arrived they would not honor the coupons...even when they called the manager at home! Lousy service and poor customer service. Thanks for nothing!!
4	Love this Baskin Robbins! They have very friendly staff. My husband and I love coming here for late ice cream in the evening. That seating area outside (right next to Starbucks) is really nice. We love to hang out there and enjoy the wonderful BR treats.
2	Came in as we saw the dollar cone special and ordered 4 cones including 2 kids.  They never mentioned until after the check out that they were giving us regular cones and only the kids cones were a dollar.  Yes we should have read more careful or even asked but I would have hoped they would have been more heads up about this when ordering kids size cones especially when it was 3x the cost it would be evident it wouldn't make sense to order in this manner.
2	Where do I begin.....?So, my sister decided late last night that she wanted a malt... This is actually my first time in a BR, and it will most likely be my last. Walking in, there was a family of four in front of us, and then, about 10 other people (in different groups walked in.)A young lady was helping us, and we had four shakes/malts to order. By the way, their shakes (for a small) start out at almost $6. A little over priced if you ask me. The girl only took our order two drinks at a time. 1 strawberry shake, 1 rocky road malt, and two malts that had half chocolate ice cream, and half vanilla ice cream.Needless to say, the family of four was helped, and went outside.Another group of four was served, rung up, and left....so on and so forth.Two older gentlemen even came in to buy pints of ice cream, and left before us. While starting our last two drinks, the gal opens up a drink carrier, and places the drink carrier in the cooler....onTOP of the ice cream barrel. My sister and I sat at the bar, and waited for our last two drinks.Almost 15 minutes, and $28 later, we left the empty shop. With pink ice cream on the bottom of our drink carrier.
