4	I have to say, I'm a procrastinator when it comes to my eyes. I don't go to the optometrist nearly as often as I should and I over order on my contacts to delay the inevitable trip to the eye doctor I have to make. On this occasion, I waited until last minute again. I was down to my very last pair of contacts when I needed to find an eye doctor asap! I have been to many different locations in the past and have never found a place that made me a loyal customer. Until now. My fella and I walked in midday on a Saturday and were lucky not to have to wait in line. Good timing, as a family of 5 popped in a few minutes after us. This was my fella's first time to an eye doctor, so he just wanted to make sure everything was still A-OK. I just needed a check up and a new contact and eyeglass prescription. Dr. Knisley was very friendly and so was all her staff. She spent extra time with me discussing other options for my contact needs, which I appreciated. She discussed all the pros and cons of all the options I was interested in and even suggested some other ones I hadn't thought. She gave me plenty of samples to try out to see which ones I preferred and a prescription for all of them as well. When it was time to pick out glasses the sales people were friendly and patient. I spent quite a few minutes perusing the racks looking for just the right frames for my face. Even my fella was getting bored. The checkout process was painless and they gave me several options to work out the best deal for my insurance and my pocketbook. I have a fantastic experience here and I think I just might have found an optometrist I can be loyal to.
4	First time at the optometrist and I was pleased with my experience. They had no problem using my insurance the whole experience was painless and quick. The only thing that took forever was waiting for my girl to pick a pair of glasses she liked.
5	I've been coming here for eye exams since middle school, so when my left eye started acting funny I went here right away to get it checked. Thank goodness walk-in's are available and usually isn't a hassle. There's definitely a waiting time but not more than half an hour the most (plus it's inside a mall so you can just walk around in a nearby store to pass time). The staff are nice and accommodating. When the guy who took pictures of my retina found something off with my left eye, he immediately informed the optometrist. I've been getting a different optometrist everytime I go here but this time I got Dr. Knisley herself. I'm glad that she kept on working with me until she found out whats wrong with my left eye, rather than just saying she doesn't know and refer me to someone else. She said that I had a small tear on my retina and was referred to Retina Consultants of Nevada, where they can further look into my condition and possibly get a surgical procedure. She was very thorough and even told me to call her if anything goes wrong with the place she referred me to. I like professionals who actually care about their patients and don't just see $$$ signs. The store is also quite nice. I usually find a great pair of glasses after I get my prescription from them. I will keep going back since I've always had a nice experience here.
1	A pal of mine once said "Cheap buy, cheap get" and that's exactly what you get when you go into Visionworks.  My boyfriend has had to take the glasses he purchased there to be repaired SIX times. Each time he goes in there, the attitudes of their staff has been absolutely attrocious.  We went in there for two purposes, for my boyfriend's glasses to be repaired *yet again*, and for me to purchase not one but two pairs of glasses.You know what I got? The same exact crap service my boyfriend has received there from the get-go. When we walked in the store (early afternoon on a school day), we were NOT greeted, we had to flag someone down just to have them snottily ask us,"Did you sign in," as if it precluded them from showing a single ounce of good customer service skills if we hadn't. When we said we hadn't, we got another snide,"Well you need to sign in."After showing more than patience by waiting over an hour, only to be ignored, never even checked on once and having other people be helped that arrived and signed in after us, we walked out in disgust.Don't even bother setting one toe in the door at that place. I hate seeing good people get treated like garbage.  My sunny and very cheerful disposition along with my legendary patience got put to the test. By the time we walked out of there I was talking about grabbing two-by-fours with kung-fu grips and having 'Come-to-Jesus' talks with CEOs.
2	Visited on 12/29 for eye exam and was approached about ordering glasses.  Was told glasses with anti-reflective coating would take 10-11 days to come in but on vacation and only here for 5 more days.  After stating this, was promised glasses were "guaranteed" to be ready by 1/2, the last full day in Vegas.  On 1/2, was told they were broken in delivery.  Had to go back to store for refund processing.
1	Please do not waste your time coming here for glasses.  I can't speak to their doctors because I didn't get my exam here, but I can speak to their salespeople, pricing, and choices.I came here because they had a BOGO deal going on and I really needed a new pair of glasses and figured I would get some prescription sunglasses while I was at it.When I first walked in, everyone was friendly enough.  I was really underwhelmed by their selection of glasses, but managed to find a pair of sunglasses that I was okay with and a set of frames for regular glasses that would be all right.  When I sat down to talk about lenses, I was not asked what type of lenses or treatments I wanted.  The salesman (I don't know what his name was) just said that they would do the glare resistant.  I asked how much that would be and he quoted me roughly $350 (this was a BOGO deal, mind you, so he was quoting me a price for JUST the crappy $100 sunglass frames).  I said I could do without the glare resistant treatment and that I just wanted basic lenses...he reluctantly took it off.  Then he said "Okay so then you'll have regular lenses in the eyeglasses and polarized in the sunglasses".  So again, I asked him to quote me the price.  It knocked it down to about $310.  I told him that I wasn't in the market to spend upwards of $300 on one pair of glasses and that I would just take my business elsewhere.  Only then did he give me a quote for BASIC LENSES, which is what I asked for in the first place after being quoted such a high price.  Finally he told me it wouldn't be more than about $220 with basic lenses, and I agreed.  When he rang me up, it was closer to $250, but I was so tired of dealing with him that I just paid.  I was told to come back in a couple of hours and BOTH pairs of my glasses would be ready to go.My sister and I walked around the mall for the two hours that it would take for the glasses to be ready.  I wasn't feeling great about the purchase because I felt like the options were limited and I just wanted to get out of there so badly because of the salesman's attitude.  We stopped in to LensCrafters, and I saw way more options for around the same price, and I liked them much better.  I was quoted $320 for designer frames and completed lenses on a pair for eyeglasses and sunglasses NOT during a BOGO sale.  I figured I would pick up my glasses at VisionWorks and if I ended up disliking them I would return them and go elsewhere another day (luckily they do have a 30 day money back guarantee).When I got back to VisionWorks to pick up the glasses, I was told that the tinting machine was broken and that I would have to pick up the sunglasses tomorrow.  I live across town from the mall, and after my poor experience with the man who had helped me earlier, I just asked for a full refund.  They gave it to me, but not without trying to get me to take the eyeglasses home.This place was MUCH better when it was Eyemasters, and used to be the only place I bought my glasses.  After today, I'll never go here again.
5	I had an awesome experience here. I was in and out with my glasses in hand(i didn't know it would be that easy), and the girl taking care of me, Lauren, was EXCEPTIONAL.
