3	2.5 HTB is your average American style buffet. No frills or thrills here. The kids enjoy eating here because they can pick what they want and it always includes some form of sugar at the end. The salad was fresh, but the salad choices were slim. The Roast beef was cooked more then i prefer but had good flavor. The pasta with chicken was good, added salt. The potatoes au gratin were really good. They added potato chip to the top lol. The rice was good, added salt The banana bread cake thing was good but a little dry. The staff was excellent, Bob kept the table clean and asked if we needed anything, but without being in my face. The manager guy gave me a good deal too. @ kids @ $.99 and mine @ senior price. The 3 of us at for $12.00. Not too bad (plus 1/2 star)
1	Went here for breakfast...The first thing I noticed was the weird smell from the parking lot. The restaurant is located right off the freeway in an old plaza. The entire building looked old and run down.The lady waiting my table brought drinks and silverware to the couple sitting a 3 tables down. I did not get the same service. I found that odd.The food selection was poor. They only eggs they had were scrambled eggs and eggs sunny side up. The bacon tasted very gamey and the pork sausage was dry. Most of the items looked like they had been sitting out for a while.For less than $8 what can you expect? I would try another home town buffet but would not go to this specific one again.Also the bathroom was a 4 out of 10 in terms of cleanliness. It smelled and looked liked it had not been cleaned that morning.
3	Still about the same. The kids price is $1.99 and the adult was over $11 something. The kids really like eating here, they can get whatever they want. I usually get the salad, which is always a good start. Then head over to the roast beef and mashed spuds. The roast beef was tough but the pot roast was excellent. The ribs were good too.
2	Owned by the same parent company as Old Country, and much of the same food, but just not as good (or should I say not as mediocre?)This location is close to my job and they give a 20% discount if i show my badge, so I end up here sometimes even though it's not so great.The food's ready to grab and eat, so that works well for lunch hour.The digs are showing their age and wear and tear, but most of the bussers seem to keep things tidied up (as they try to earn a tip from you, even though they don't even get you drinks anymore)Pretty much everything here used to be better a few years ago.  The last several visits I've encountered things like wilted spinach one visit only to have my complaint remedied by NO spinach on the next couple visits.  That's what i get for being picky i guess!Your lunch here will consist of such delicacies as cheese enchiladas, cheese pizza, macaroni & cheese, fried chicken, mashed potatoes, green beans, corn bread, spaghetti, chicken dumplings, soup, jello, and an iceberg/romaine lettuce mix, and a few other things.  'tsabout it....day in and day out, with an occaisional 'teriyaki' chicken & white rice or grade-school-cafeteria-grade 'meat' patty on dried bun, or something like that thrown in to keep you on your toes.They used to offer both ice cream and yogurt in soft serve machines, but usually it's only one or neither.  Just like the main courses and sides, the dessert selection just isn't what it used to be.The creme brulee and prime rib must be held back until the weekend when they charge that $2 more.
2	CLOSED, but I posted a pic of a funny sign posted on their door.
