4	I was looking for a new OBGYN and a friend referred me to A Woman's Place.  No matter how many times I've had my routine exam I always get nervous. Dr. Cooper and her staff are very friendly and put me at ease.  Overall a great experience for something I don't look forward to doing every year.
4	I came in here literally praying from the horrible reviews this place got on other sites... I was expecting unprofessionalism to the max- I was in and out within 20 minutes- and thats AFTER filling out my new patient paperwork. Of course it was uncomfortable- I'd never come here for fun- but as far as the front office staff & the Dr goes- it wasnt bad at all!
3	This place is ok.  They do see you in a timely manner, most of the time.  I had decided to do the endometrial ablation surgery and went in for the pre-op after visiting the office on a few occasions before and had good experiences.   The doctor I had seen was not able to do the surgery, so I had to meet a new doctor who would do the operation.  The new doctor was about 30 minutes late. I got my lunch hour extended to 90 minutes instead of the usual 30 minutes to make the appointment.  After about 30 minutes, I had to get dressed in order go make it back to work because of drive time.  As I was leaving, they said the doctor would be with me in a few minutes, but I could not chance being late to get back to work.  What made the incident uncomfortable, is the pushy receptionist kept calling me, almost in an harassing way to get me to reschedule.  I did not want to go back there and finally I had to call them to ask them to stop calling me.  I still have the voice messages and wish I could post them here!
5	Dr. Cooper is one of the kindest doctors I have been to.  She explained everything she was doing and the options we had afterwards. The front office staff were very kind to me as well as the nurse. When seeing any doctor, I always allow extra time and more for an Ob/Gyn since most births do not come by appointment.  One could also call before an appointment to see if the dr is on schedule.They also called the next day with test results and were very nice.I will be back!!
