4	I try Mexican cafes' or grills all the time, most of the time I'm disappointed. Not this time, this is a new establishment, only opened one week. I noticed a steady flow of customers while I enjoyed my Tortas, The beans and dip were a plus and appeared to be homemade. If you want a treat, treat yourself to La Tortilla.
4	Went to La Tortilla today for an easy lunch.  Had bookmarked it earlier this summer after reading Marshall's review because I realized it must be nearby, but I hadn't heard anything about it prior.It's located at Sunset Station's backdoor -- across Warm Springs, in that odd mall that houses Sears, Lakeshore Learning, etc -- it's actually in a little joint  across from Jason's deli. Ok, enough about the location (although, for me, that was the tricky part...)...the food's easy and delicious.It's family owned...and Marshall is right, the tortillas are fresh -- made to order in fact.  Their meats include carne asada, carnitas, chicken, shredded beef and pastor.  They serve up burritos, tacos, tortas, bowls, salads, even enchiladas, mulitas and flautas -- fish tacos, too.   They also  have terrific homemade tamales - chicken or beef with a terrific homemade red sauce.   We tried several things -- from the chips and guac (super fresh), a shredded beef taco, a fish taco and a pastor burrito.    The owner's brother who was running the counter and taking orders brought us a taste of their beans -- they were really great -- not the usual tasteless mush.  Salsas were all fresh and interesting.  The whole restaurant was sparkly and clean, too -- I was impressed.  They don't have beer -- this is a simple takeout or eat in "fresh mex" -- but  seriously more authentic than most ever attempt to be.  If you question the cleanliness of Roberto's, wouldn't dare darken the drivethru of a deltaco or taco bell, but love Mex, and live in Henderson, or find yourself in the neighborhood, this is a good bet.
5	we've been here a few times and the food always hits the spot.  good mexican food.  i've had the crazy gringo burrito and the fish tacos and both were awesome.  my fiancee loved the bean & cheese burrito.  in addition the guy behind the counter is really nice and welcoming.  i know everyone has their particulars about good mexican but i recommend trying this place.
1	yep - closed...sad.
1	This place didn't last long and now it is gone. Good luck to the owners next time.
