5	I love this place .  we were having alot of trouble finding an invatatioin company to work with for our wedding, mostly because we had a concept in mind that was not a typical invitation.  They worked with us, and had it all ready to mail out within 4 weeks.  It was awesome. Our invitations came out perfect, and Kristin did some graphic design for us as well as create our emblem.  They were fantastic!
2	One word: disappointing!  Here's a quick recap- in the end I got pretty decent party invitations but it was a tough road to get there.  Joanie of PaperCrazy seemed to not care about my job (it wasn't a big one); there were too many edits that took too long; I had to go back twice to get my invites because the actual colour was way off from the proof.  I don't recommend using them for small jobs.  If you'd like more detail please keep on reading.I contacted PaperCrazy with a very specific idea for my daughter's birthday party invites.  I emailed them an image of a Sesame Street lamp post I wanted to recreate on the invites. Joanie (from PaperCrazy) agreed that they could do what I wanted within my timeline.  Price included two colored invites and envelopes. I chose red & yellow as the colors. The first draft I received and it looked like something I could have thrown together!  Even though they were quick to get that 1st draft with the image I wanted they were really slow about the rest of the edits (that were all really simple).  Joanie gave me the impression that I was burdening her and that she didn't care about the final product she was giving me.  It's like she was just trying to get it done.  The edits I was asking for were very simple, like spacing, font sizing, things a professional should have caught.  Even though the final draft invitation wasn't "perfect", I was running out of time and they didn't seem to care to make any changes. So I agreed to that draft.  The most frustrating part was that printed invites I picked up weren't even yellow and red! (Not like in the proof).  The yellow was a gross yellow-green.  You think a professional printer would catch that.  I mentioned it to her when I picked them up and she blew me off.  I brought the invites home to get a few different opinions to make sure I just wasn't being picky.  Everyone I asked agreed that the "yellow" wasn't a yellow, it was more green-snot-yellow.  I emailed Joanie the next day with my feedback and all she offered me was a refund.  Like that helps my situation!  I asked her to to reprint them.  She obliged but wasted two more days emailing me names of printer yellows.  Considering that the yellow in the proof looked fine, how was I to know what different hues of printer yellows would look like!?  I had to go back out of my way to pick up the new invitations.   I understand that they were busy with wedding season, but didn't appreciate getting the 2nd best service Joanie gave me. Papercrazy maybe a little cheaper then other local printers, but you may have to give on customer service.  I won't be a repeat customer and wouldn't recommend PaperCrazy to a friend.
5	Joanie (the owner) at Paper Crazy saved the day!! I originally went to Papyrus in the mall to have my wedding invitations made and was jerked around for weeks until finally it was a week before the wedding invitations were supposed to be sent out and I was in a panic because I still had no wedding invitations!! I came to Paper Crazy hoping they could help me and they were incredible!! I needed special envelopes that weren't included with the ones I ordered and they found them and ordered them asap! They even stayed open late for me a couple times! AND they got my invitations done for cheaper than the other store would have done them in plenty of time for them to go out and not be late! Joanie was so helpful with the invitation etiquette and showing me how to put them together (they had a lot to them)! They even printed my guests' names and addresses on the envelopes for free! And did I mention they're also a post office so I was able to buy my special wedding stamps right there and send them out?! I can't say enough good things about Paper Crazy (and Joanie)!! Thanks again for saving my wedding!! :)
1	BEWARE! Not sure about the stationary half of the store but it's also a USPS. I have sent a phone and another gift through this location and both items arrived opened with nothing in them. I will never send another piece of mail through them even though their location is a block away! Don't send any mail through this location!!!
4	great paper and card stock selection
5	Great family owned business... I have zero complaints! My fiance and I ordered invitations for our wedding from them. We recently had our save the dates sent out... AMAZING! EXACTLY what we wanted! I'm not a very creative person but Joanie took my random ideas and created beautiful invitations. She worked directly with our photographer to get the picture we wanted for our save the date maganets. I can't say enough great things...I would like to point out to "Ashley S." that there are dozens of people who come in contact with mail and packages once it leaves their offices. It's not their  fault... I've never had an issue and they have MANY regulars from the neighborhood and local businesses.
5	I have only used the USPS section of the store. The service was great, friendly and they were very helpful in getting the correct shipping needs for my package. It arrived safe, in tact and on time.
5	PaperCrazy is the perfect name for this postal office. It is not your typical post office location because they offer so much more. Need to make some creative wedding invitations or flyers this is your place to be. This small corner location has a full service friendly postal service. With express mailing options and much more. Need a box that is okay because this place has plenty of mailing supplies to get your packages to the place they need to be. I have used this location many times and had no problems with my mail not getting delivered. I can say each time I have been here I have received wonderful service. What is nice is that it is not busy so I am always in and out. The fact this locations opens up at 8:00am is another perk.
3	A small shop with a limited selection of paper that I found to be a bit expensive and uninspired. I walked out empty-handed, but this place might be better suited for someone looking for stationary. The woman behind the counter was a little condescending, too. Clean and organized, but a disappointing experience for me.
4	This is the most pleasent Post Office experience I have each and every time I use them. Very quick, always very helpful with rates, and shipping times. I am always in and out in such a short time on my way to work. To be honest I have never used them for paper service, but today while on the rare occasion that I did wait, I noticed some great products. May need some invitations soon, and will use them. But the postal service is fantastic, highly suggested.
5	The people here are very friendly!  So happy to find a cute little gem like this store.  Convenient, inviting and lovely!
5	Love these guys.  Great prices, quality product, easy to work with.  Highly recommend.
