5	The Mobile Tint Team tinted the windows on my Subaru and did an outstanding job.  I had a new stereo installed at Car Stereo City in Kearny Mesa and they contracted out the tinting to the Mobile Tint Team.  I couldn't be happier with the job they did and highly recommend their work.
5	Easy to schedule an appointment, love that they come to you, and did an outstanding job on my brand new Volvo. Looks sharp and is great quality (comes with a warranty). Not to mention they beat everyone else in price! I would highly recommend you call The Mobile Tint Team if your need your windows tinted!
5	Top notch tint job.  They came to my house and did the windows on my van.  I always look very carefully for imperfections on stuff like this and found none.  Very nice attention to detail on something you MUST have done to your car if you live in the valley of the scorching hot sun!
3	The Mobile Tint Team tinted my windows on my '96 Jeep Cherokee.  The tint comes with a lifetime warranty for as long as you own the vehicle.  I was pleased with the results.  My vehicle looks better from the outside and will be cooler when the summer months come upon us, again.  The only downside is that there was a lot of old tint pieces in nooks and crannies of my vehicle.  In other words, the old scraped off pieces of tint were found in my vehicle and I am still finding pieces of old tint in my vehicle.  I had my vehicle washed prior to delivering my car and would've liked if I didn't have pieces of tint hanging around my car still.  It's possible that might come with the territory of getting your windows tinted.  I did not have the Mobile Tint Team come out to my home but rather met them at their home.
5	The Mobile Tint Team did a fantastic job on my Civic!  I have used other companies in the past, but these guys were by far the best! Not only is their work outstanding and their prices the best, but their level of customer service is what makes the biggest difference. They are so welcoming and go above and beyond to deliver great service. There are a lot of companies out there that can do good work, but when you have customer service like The Mobile Tint Team, that is where I will always take my business.
5	It is SO easy to write for this team. They are the best. Friendly, professional, and a job well done. Thank you! Recommend to everyone.
5	These guys did a FANTASTIC job, and were sooo nice and accommodating.  They came to my place, during the weekend, which was very convenient.  They have excellent customer service, the warrantied tint looks GREAT, and the price was great!!!
5	hands down the best!!!
5	Great price.  Great service.  Great quality.  Could not be happier.  Called late on a Saturday afternoon and they worked me in on Monday morning so my truck could sit and the tint cure while I was out of town for the week.  Showed up ready to work, showed me all my options with patient explanations and finished quickly AND cleaned up after themselves.  The tint is installed flawlessly.  Nothing but good things to say.  Go with these guys.  You won't regret it.
5	I had my SUV tinted today and it turned out AWESOME! My car already feels so much cooler. Shannon and Kip were super professional and very knowledgeable about their product. Their tint even comes with a Lifetime warranty. Price was super affordable, honest, and it took less time then I expected. The price I was actually quoted was exactly what I paid. Shocking! Stop calling around and getting quotes from other places. Call the Mobile Tint Team and make your appointment today you will not be disappointed.
5	We had a great experience with Drew from the Mobile Tint Team.  I admit to being a little nervous about using a mobile service (as opposed to a business with a store front), but Drew couldn't have done a better job.  He arrived on time, was professional, explained my options, clearly quoted me a (low) price, was fast, clean, and the tint looks great.  He even did all the little windows on my Prius for no extra charge.  I can't recommend these guys highly enough.
5	My roommate's friend had a good experience with Mobile Tint Team so I thought I'd give them a shot on my Civic. They are a home based business which means less overhead and less cost. However, they have been installing tints for a very long time and it shows in the high quality of work. Great service and great price - a win-win. I will be recommending them to all of my friends with untinted windows.
5	Kip did a great job on my Jeep. It took less time than quoted and he came out to my house. How convenient! Not to mention, I get a lifetime warranty through the manufacturer of the tint, something we did not get for our other car through another company. Now that tint is bubbling up and that company is no longer around. Call The Mobile Tint Team for any tinting job. You definately get what you pay for.
5	Awesome awesome awesome!!! We saw them at a neigbors house and asked them to come look at our bathroom windows that were once tinted (old house) they came and looked at it but had to schedule for another since we just chased them down and they had other appointments. It was very awesome for them to even come look though. So the next day they came, and removed the tint in our bathroom AND the tint in our truck back window. It was so dark we couldn't see out of it. Originally JUST for the removal of the tint in the truck we were quoted at over $70!!The Mobile Tint Team did our bathroom and our trucj for about $30!! WE couldn't be happier!!!
5	I trusted the other reviewers on yelp and they are spot on!  My crossfire looks fantastic!  The film is perfect.  No orange peel, no dirt in the film.  I cannot rave enough about it.You will not regret using these guys.
4	I found TMTT through fellow Yelper's and was satisfied. Rather then having my wife's new car done at our residence, I opted to have done at there shop in Tempe. Shannon was great and although forgetting to mention they would not warranty the tint over existing tint  (New car and wasn't sure). She took the vehicle in and removed tint/Added desired darkness.
5	Mobile Tine Team needs to be the first business you go to if you need window tinting!!! I  have a 2002 Sonata Hyundai whose rear window tint became bubbled and blurry. I started out by contacting Hyundai of Tempe who recommended American Eagle to replace the tint. The fellow I talked with at Hyundai of Tempe also stated that most tints come with a life-time warranty. Since Pitre Hyundai is no longer in business, I was referred to Hyundai of North Scottsdale. I called them, and they had no idea who would have performed the tint in 2002. Feeling exasperated, I finally looked in my glove box and found the dealer information on the tint... Being ten years out, that company was no longer in business, "The Tint Specialist, Inc."... So, googled SunTek (the window films used) and got a hold of a great person, Sarah, who readily gave me 2 names to contact locally. The first number didn't get me anywhere... the second number was a huge hit.Meet Shannon of Mobile Tint Team. Gracious and caring (about 95% of what makes a business work).... said they would certainly honor the warranty work. Set up an appointment 2 days later-we needed to take our car to their business as we do not have a garage- which if large enough they could do on your location. Kip greeted us, and we left our car. Three hours later I get a call from Shannon that there may be a problem with the warranty-as we did not send off the customer information within the 30 days after receiving the car. Geez, I never even remember seeing this card!!! I was worried... didn't know what the cost would be... and knew that Mobile Tint Team should receive reimbursement for the work they did. We were told to plan on 2 hours... but it ended up about 3 hours. To illustrate why this should be the place to go, Shannon was willing to pick me up at my home and drive to the shop to get my car. At this point, she also said, "Don't worry about the warranty...the important thing is your car is done...and we'll work this out." Ended up that my husband came home and was able to drive me to Mobile Tint Team. Met Shannon for the first time, and she allayed my worries... Something to the effect that warranty was AOK... and, that SunTek has always done well by them. Which makes me want to plug SunTek.... No charge for replacing the rear window tint. The window tint is GREAT!!!! Kip and Shannon own a business that we need to support locally. It's been a long time where I felt the proprietor of a business actually cared whether or not I was a customer. When and if I buy a new car, I would ask the dealership to bring my car to Mobile Tint Team for window tinting. Honest, customer-oriented... you couldn't ask for a better place.
5	Took my girlfriend's car in to have a previous tint job from another provider replaced and was very happy with the results.  Kip cut the film clean right to the edge of  the windows with no blemishes...  On top of that the pricing was great.I will definitely be taking future vehicles to Kip and Shannon!
5	I used the mobile tint team for paint protection (clear bra), and window tinting for my new BMW X1. My experience was solid in all aspects. Very responsive to my questions up front about the product used, as well as options (for paint protection on different parts of the vehicle). Informed me upfront that it would take about 5 hours to complete both services, and were able to complete it in about 3.5. Solid workmanship on the paint protection film (i have done it myself on previous cars... never again after finding Kip and his team), and the windows look sharp. A few liquid blisters right after installation, but Kip assured me that these would go away after a few days (which they did). Prices were very competitive. Great experience. Definitely recommend.
5	Got the windows tinted on my Versa. They did a fantastic job. Very pleased with the results. I would recommend highly as a place to get your auto windows tinted. The proprietors Kip and Shannon were very personable and professional.
5	Bought a new whip a month ago and the windows were just not dark enough for me. I cant stand people peeking at me to see what I'm doing at stop lights or in traffic.Booked a Sat appt and they had me out of there in just over an hour. I hung out while they did the tint and they let me use their WIFI so i could get some hw done. Very nice guys and the tint job is perfect. i waited until today to write my review since i gave the tint two days to sit and was able to roll my windows down for the first time today and everything is perfect. I got limo black on all the windows and a shade lighter on my driver and passenger. I love it.they do a really good job here..i highly recommend !. CHECK IN on Yelp for $20 off !!
5	Had my brand new CR-V tinted by the Mobile Tint Team. Kip showed up at my house on time and did an absolutely phenomal job. Not too mention that the price was the best out there as well. HIGHLY recommend these guys!!!
5	Kip was great! Super nice guy and does fabulous work! I even got him to tint some windows in my house. Kudos to an excellent tint job on my car!
5	Get your windows tinted in your underwear!! That's what I did!Sure beats taking your car somewhere and sitting around in an uncomfortable waiting room with screaming kids for a couple of hours. Kip comes out to your house and tints your car while you play video games in your underwear, and he does it at a very competitive price. My four door Corolla was $160. ($140 with the Yelp Special)If I actually had to shower and put some cloths on to go down to Danny's Car Wash, it would have cost me $199. Kip was really personable and easy to talk to. I asked him a lot of questions and he was really happy to answer them.If I ever have something else I need to tint, I will never consider anyone other than Kip.
4	I used Kip to strip and re-tint damaged tint on the front window of a Mustang today. He showed up at the agreed upon time. He was courteous and quick. The work was done well and looks great! I particularly appreciate the life time warranty he provides.
1	If I could put negative stars I would. Setup an appointment a week in advance and the guy doesn't bother to call or say I'm going to be late. He just doesn't answer his work. Pay attention to the bad reviews. Do not do business with this guy.
5	We got the recommendation from my sister-n-law, who also had her Lexus tinted. They did an amazing job, I am so happy with my windows. Kip was very helpful and knowledgeable about what was needed that would satisfy my want for dark windows yet keep me out of trouble with the law! He also drove my husband to work after he dropped off my car. So in love with my windows, I will definitely recommend Kip and the Mobile Tint Team.
5	I can't speak to the mobile aspect of the business, but only to my experience at his shop. I scheduled an early Saturday AM appointment. I called about 10 minutes before my appointment. to say I'll be there no more than a couple minutes late and was informed by his assistant that Kip wasn't there yet. I suspect that many people flake out on Saturday mornings so I didn't mind waiting a few minutes. The guy that was already at the shop was cool, we had a great conversation while I waited for him to get there, and I was kept entertained by the personal nature of the shop (RC boats, RC planes, mountain bikes, etc). Some fancy-pants people might be put off by the shop not looking corporate, but I'm put off by many things corporate (that is, when quality takes a back seat to shareholders demanding maximum profits).As I always do before spending much money, I researched as much as I could stand about tint materials and nearly did it myself. The bulk of this rating is based on the quality of materials, the quality of work that still is perfect (2 months later), and the amazing price of $120 total(!) after my Yelp discount. Lastly, Kip himself was my type of guy: easy-going, personable, and a guy with a lot of interesting hobbies.To summarize, I should probably knock off a star for waiting a little while for him to arrive (I think it was just about 10 or 15 minutes), but I have to give it back for the extreme value and quality of work.PS: if anyone wonders why most of my reviews are 4 and 5 stars, it's simply because the ONLY thing that motivates me to take the time to write reviews is to acknowledge/reward people and businesses for a job well done.
2	Tried to call to get info; no answer and couldn't leave a VM because their mail box is full!  Not a good sign ....
