5	As I'm always on the lookout for deals and had been wondering about this salon for awhile, when I got the notice for the Re Salon and Med Spa groupon I just couldn't resist. $25 for a $50 haircut - SOLD!You will find fantastic decor with a modern flair and the old brick walls of the firehouse, with information on it's history prominently displayed from behind the front desk. I was promptly checked in and offered some delicious fruit and mint infused water when I arrived about five minutes early for my appointment. Although I had to wait 20 minutes for my stylist, I wasn't perturbed due to the chill vibe and great magazines that they had available. The session started with a head and neck massage, then moved into shampoo and deep conditioning (with hot towel wrapped around your locks), then concluded with a top-of-the-line haircut. The stylist that I had today, Andrew, was very personable and answered my questions about the med spa portion of the establishment. And I love my new 'do!Upon my inquiry, Andrew led me upstairs where I met one of the owners (Lindsay) who showed me their face imagery machine and let me have my picture taken to judge me against others in my age group on the amount of wrinkles, sun damage, bacteria, etc that was on my picture. She then proceeded to walk me through some options of their services that could help out my problem areas - and didn't apply any pressure to buy anything, which pleasantly surprised me. There are four parking spaces in front of the renovated brick firehouse and many behind, so don't freak if you don't snag a prime spot. With such a convenient location, long hours, and friendly staff, this place is a must visit for a haircut or color, make-up application, or multitude of spa options on the second floor. Maybe we'll meet in the waiting area as I've just found my new favorite salon!
5	Best. Salon. Ever. Can't say enough about it. First went there for a manicure and it was the best experience. They carry all the hot new shades. It was so personal, I felt so comfortable and my nails looked fabu!Second time I went there, I went to get a haircut fixed from a previous visit to InSync salon. Gigi was recommended by a co-worker of mine and I'm so glad I took her advice. Gigi was great! She listened to what I originally wanted and not only did she fix my cut, she made it better than I could imagine. I actually enjoy doing my hair. She also recommended some product that I absolutely love! And I am a product whore!Everyone there is so nice and what they've done to the place is so amazing. Even though they made it their own, they've kept the "coolness" of the old firehouse. You wouldn't believe the services they provide. Super awesome salon that I highly recommend. You won't be disappointed.
5	I went to Re after reading some reviews on Yelp and doing a little research. I just moved back to Charlotte and was looking for a change from the same lady who had cut my hair growing up. Let me tell you, I found the place! Kim Kennedy cut my hair and did a FABULOUS job. The location is great- right in South End. It is in an old firehouse which is also very neat with the exposed brick walls. Upon arriving, the receptionist offered me a drink ( I had a glass of white wine) and then Kim came and got me shortly after. The decor inside is very sleek and modern. The staff was friendly and pleasant. I hate to admit this, but I hadn't had my hair cut in over a year and needless to say, it needed it BAD. After Kim got done, I felt like a new girl. She also thinned my hair for me because I have a TON. She parted my hair a little differently than I used to do and I love it. Overall a great experience and would recommend anyone to check it out!
1	I began writing this review a I waited at Re and here is what I had to say:The receptionist greeted me, and when I explained it was my first time she asked me to wait one second, spoke to another customer and then made a phone call. Another receptionist arrived and asked if I had been help, and her coworker admitted she had not begun to check me in. I was told there was some paperwork (as is custom for a first time wax), but to have a seat and they would bring it to me...10 minutes later, no paper work, no one had spoken to me, and I have read all the magazines.Additionally, this is a salon and med spa, and they are listening to the radio which just played a commercial for bud light and lime. I would prefer a classier atmosphere when I am about to spend over $100 in 30 minutes. No telling if my wax will be any good, but I highly doubt I'll ever come back.Now, the aftermath:As my appointment time approached (I arrived 15 minutes early, just in case), I was brought upstairs to the upstairs waiting room.  Someone who appeared to work at the salon walked out of one of the rooms, shaking khaki shorts who looked as though they had just come out of the washing machine.  The upstairs receptionist was making phone calls about selling Latisse (which was buy one, get one free for the month) and paid no attention to me.  After my appointment time, plus 10 minutes passed, I decided to leave.  I got up, and the receptionist looked at me and hung up the phone.  I told him it was my first time visiting, my appointment was 10 minutes ago, and no one had even attempted to explain if and why I was running late.Long story short: will never go back.  I just feel like no one ever paid me the time of day, and that's really disappointing.
4	I just had my first appointment at Re after attending the Yelp! Holiday party this past weekend, and I couldn't be happier!  Heather Chodor was my stylist and she did a fantastic job!  I was offered a drink when I arrived, and only waited a few minutes even though i was early.  The hot towel treatment that is standard with every cut was fantastic!She really listed to what I wanted and I got a great cut.On my way out the door I was offered a complementary chair massage by Brian, which was one of the best massages I've had! so relaxing!I will be back!
5	PRAISES to the massage therapist Brian Cole for helping my disabled son before his surgery.Brian uses Myofascial release techniques that helped my son be prepared for his surgery and I could just kiss him at this point. it has made a huge difference in his post op so far. Love ya Brian! also I think I could adopt and keep you for working on my trigger points at the Yelp event and again a little during the appointment for my Boy!You are great! and I will most definately need you again once he has mended fully to get rid of my knots! The salon is absolutely gorgeous inside, the staff are all amazing people who made me feel at home each time I was there. Stylist Jane cracks me up- she is someone I could easily see myselft hanging out with on a daily basis. What a fun girl, and being curly headed myself I think she knows her stuff.I will be coming back here, but not sure when.my ONLY negative is that the upstairs is not wheelchair accesible, and I know this was a former fire station so why would there be a elevator! right! but that is my only negative because we had to carry my son up the stairs- again praise you Brian! hugs for all you did, I greatly appreciate it.
5	I have to admit I am not a fancy smancy salon girl, I am a fly by the seat of my pants, sometimes inexpensive, sometimes expensive.  Walking into RE Salon is like a breath of fresh air, it has exposed brick walls, plenty of natural light and gorgeous white leather chairs.  Jesse Ryan has cut my hair twice, the first hair cut was super short and choppy and still looked great after seven weeks.  My hair is super dense, it begs to be texturized after ten days of a cut, so seven weeks makes my heart sing.  Sometimes you get your hair cut and then the second time is never as good as the first time, but today, I loved my hair better than the first time.  Awwwww, Jesse, it feels like the first time.  Enough Foreigner, I have to go put some paste in my hair and see how many ways I can wear it.
4	Gorgeous space, talented staff...what more could you ask for in a salon & spa? Jesse is the man when it comes to haircuts. While he's adept at all lengths, it's the short lengths where he really shines. He updated my cut to an edgier version that I'm loving. As for color, I visited Autumn for a partial highlight...and was very impressed she focuses on balayage as her technique. The application looks soft and natural and I loved the gloss she applied afterwards. Next time I'll be going a bit darker, though. Price points for both cut and color are mid-range to a touch above.  The space is a stunning, remodeled fire house full of really friendly, educated staff. Whether you're looking for a salon service, facial, mani/pedi or a more medically backed option like fillers, re Salon should be on your to-try list!
4	Finally! After almost 4 years in Charlotte a salon that fits me.The space is beautiful and minimal without being sparse or sterile.And something about real exposed brick makes me comfortable.All around good vibe. You can take the light rail if that works for you, or there is plenty of parking which is a huge plus. Additional parking is in the back, so don't panic when you first see the meager 3 spots in the front.Jane is my stylist She listens, makes suggestions if you want her to, and just generally does a great job - both cut and color. Also, she's super cool.Disclosure: I had seen Jane before at her previous salon, and loved her there, but loathed the vibe of the salon.I'm not dedicated to any particular brand of product, but they use Bumble & Bumble styling products which I happen to like and use on occasion.My new salon. The end.p.s. HOT TOWEL HEAD WRAP.
5	I love Susan Miller at Re! She is an amazing Esthetician. Susan analyzed my skin using Visiage and came up with a treatment plan which included the use of BBL and  after only one treatment session with Susan my brown spots have almost disappeared and my skin  has been tightened. If you are thinking about spending money on your skin I highly recommend Susan.
4	Well oiled machine! From the time you call in to book your appointment, to the time you check in, until the moment you leave, they have you going from one station to the next. Typically my hair appointments can last up to 4 hours, but the last two times I went here, I got out with a good looking 'do in 2.5!I got my color from Autumn and cut from Jesse. Both gave me what I wanted and I felt they stayed true to the photo I showed them. Each one specializes in a particular area and it shows that they do it well. I loved getting a hot towel wrapped around my head after the wash! Bliss.The salon itself is high class with a modern touch in a very cool converted fire house (pole still there). Upstairs you'll find the nail tech, massage therapists, and aestheticians. You could spend an entire day here getting pampered...however, you will pay a very pretty penny to do so...so save those pennies to pamper yourself, you'll be glad you did!
5	I stopped in today to spend a bit of time removing some hair. I had always wondered how painful it would be to have a Brazilian waxing as part of what people term "manscaping." I have tried other methods that seem to last a month before the area returns to a hairy state.Its difficult to find a spa or salon that performs this service for guys and to find reviews by guys who've had this service done & are willing to talk about it. Apparently manliness comes into question when one submits to having one's pubes ripped from their body.Anyhow I first went to Yelp where I was able to get an idea of where to start looking. Ladies are the primary source of information for this service & in the end I spoke with a close friend who works at Re Salon to see if men could get a Brazilian there. As it turned out the service was available for guys & gals. So I booked an appointment & went down to meet my fate.Re Salon is housed within an old fire house on South Boulevard in front of the Arlington Tower. (The pink glass building.) My specialist was a lady named Elizabeth. The spa part is upstairs but you check in downstairs at a desk on your left. The salon takes up the bottom floor. I was led upstairs and sat in a small waiting area at the top of the stairs. I was quite a bit early for my appointment due to my own nature partly and my nervousness at what would take place. Elizabeth came out & introduced herself & led me to a room where I removed my pants and briefs and lay on my back on a table. I had a towel covering my groin. She talked a bit about the service & what it entailed. Apparently the wax's color, blue, meant that it was a newer formulation making it easier to grab & pull away hair.I asked her if she had a lot of male clients and she said she had a few every month. She said that they mainly came in to settle bets of manliness made under alcoholic boasting between friends.Okay, so what you really want to know is was it painful? Yes its painful. The less hair the less pain, but some areas are going to be painful no matter what the length of the hair is. The nice thing is that Elizabeth makes you feel comfortable & instructs you how to breathe... In through your nose & out through your mouth as the wax is suddenly removed from your body. I would say that 90% of the treatment has a pain level I would peg as annoying. The few times that I actually made an O face the pain was intense but very short lived. The entire service was over and done with in 15 minutes. I had my waxing in the middle of May and I still don't need another appointment. I think now its been 6 weeks. I think that Re Salon & Spa has a very comfortable atmosphere with wonderful people staffing it. Everyone is friendly & they make you feel at home. The waxing is quick & efficient & Elizabeth is very personable & professional. Definitely ask for her. I'd like to try some of their other services when I get a chance and I'm looking forward to a return visit.
5	Awesome!!!!!  I LOVE LOVE LOVE Heather!  She rocks.  She knows how to cut thick hair while giving it texture so it is AWESOME!!!!  I get so many compliments on my hair.  I had High/Low Lights in my hair with a cut and it was Supurb!  She is the BEST
5	Re Salon and spa has the FULL package!!  The decor is trendy and has an uptown "cool" vibe.  From the moment you walk in you immediately get the sense that you are in a place full of professionals with cutting edge equipment, talent and style.  Re is no doubt one of those places that you can trust with any of your "maintenance" needs because they are on top of all the latest and greatest.  They are classy and polished!  I had the pleasure of being serviced by the dynamic trio today!!  They are all experts in their individual fields which made for a glamorous, pamper-filled day for me!!ANDREW--Color, cut and stylist.  He has done my color twice now and it is right on!!  He does a beautiful job and really knows what works for your skin tone and underlying hues.  I have to also give him props for a fabulous blow out.  I have a monster frow and it is super frizzy (especially in this humidity) but he handled it like a pro!  My hair was shiny, straight and vibrant after a visit to Andrew's chair.  Plus, he is super friendly and easy to talk to...not overbearing or too chatty..which is perfect.  JANIESE-She is a fantastic Esthetician.  She gave me a mini-facial while trying out the new Sonya Dakkar products on me.  The cleanser, exfoliator, mask, serum and moisturizer were all amazing.  I was afraid to get a facial because of my sensitive skin but Janiese used products that would work with my skin type and my skin was glowing afterwards!  It feels so silky!  She has such a gentle touch and an ease about her that it made for a completely relaxing experience.  She is very knowledgeable and has tried just about every product out there so she can give great suggestions.  She has also done my waxing and that is always done to perfection as well.  Overall she makes the experience enjoyable, relaxing and fun.  She isn't overbearing or "salesy," which I appreciate.  She is one of the best I have been to.DASHELLE-In all honesty, one of the best pedicures I have ever had!  I sipped on my glass of wine while relaxing and chatting with Dashelle.  She is adorable and pays close attention to the details.  I had the spa pedicure which included an exfoliation, mask, lotion, oil treatment, etc.  It felt amazing and my feet are so smooth!!  And how cool is it that you get to keep the polish as part of the deal??  Love that!  Once again, another talented employee of Re Spa.  I will gladly return over and over and hit up my dynamic trio as often as possible.  Definitely worth going...enjoy the vibe and I highly recommend the above professionals to make your experience top notch.
5	This place is the deal! Jesse is now my new favorite person. If you are looking for a short, edgy hair style, he is your man.
3	Had pedi-mani. The service was fine but I don't think it quite warrants what they are charging. Have had better experiences for less.
5	It never fails... I cannot accurately find this building at night. I tried using the Arlington Tower as a landmark but tonight storm clouds formed an ominous backdrop and the Arlington blended right into them. So I made a u turn and popped back around. A nice gentleman told me that I could park at the eye care center and from there it was a short walk to the facade of the salon. I spoke with the valet for a few minutes then opened the door. It's amazing what a difference there is in the ambiance of the salon at night versus during the day. At night the space seems more intimate and ethereal. My therapist tonight is Aly. I arrived fairly early and was escorted upstairs. There was some sort of party going on. I'm sitting in a wing back chair watching.Aly came & got me & we moved into the Moroccan room. Its at the front of the salon upstairs. I sat in a high back arm chair & took off my socks & shoes. I put my feet in a tub of hot sudsy water & away we went. We started with a pedicure. I'm not really sure about the exact sequence of steps because it made me feel so good, but I'll try and give an outline. First my feet soaked in the sudsy water. Then the nails had all the dirt & lint removed from underneath them. Next the cuticles were shaped. Then the callouses were removed. The nails were trimmed and buffed and a eucalyptus masque was applied as well as a salt scrub. The scrub was purple & sparkly! My feet were then massaged & a matte finish was applied to my toes. At some stage my feet were wrapped in hot towels.The same process was done to my hands. The result was amazing. I actually felt a lot better than when I had initially walked in & the good feelings continue. Re Salon is definitely the place to go whether you're a first timer or you routinely use spa services. Until next time...
5	Sometimes you just need to walk on the wild side - that being said, changing hair salons after many years is as wild as I can get.  But yelp reviews of Jesse and his expertise with short hair drew me in.  I was greeted immediately and directed to a waiting area, nice cushy seats and lo and behold a glass of red wine to fortify the task ahead of me.  Jesse greeted me by sitting down next to me to talk (think he was really doing a fly by to see what miracle he needed to perform).  Then onto the chair (wine firmly in hand) to discuss my football shaped hair cut.  Jesse listened - OMG what a concept!  Then a wonderful shampoo, hot towel (heavenly) and Jesse started working his magic.  All done and ten years had fallen off my face onto the floor to be swept away - Halleluiah!  A quick hug and out the door with assurances that I will return in 4 - 5 weeks to rinse and repeat.  Side note:  left hubby at Nikko just down the street at the bar to wait for me.  When I walked in he greeted me with - now that's what I'm talking about - he loves the new look and so do I.  But the real test came this morning when fumble fingers had to try to recreate "do" from last nite - piece of cake - blow dry and tossle and I was out the door.  Highly recommend Jesse - he will not disappoint
5	Beautiful salon, professional stylists, and a relaxing mani/pedi room! I was in Charlotte for my East Coast wedding reception for my husband's family and friends and I needed my hair and nails done. My planning was late, but Re Salon was able to squeeze me in for a blow-dry and a mani/pedi as well as a mani/pedi for my mom. The mani/pedi room was so relaxing and surprisingly quiet - we never heard the blow driers from downstairs. And my hair looked great for the wedding photos!Seriously wish Re Salon was in Los Angeles, it would be my go-to salon!
5	I recently moved to Charlotte and was anxious to find a good salon and stylist in the city. I've gone to Heather at Re Salon twice now, and she's done a fabulous job both times! My hair is long and straight, and I'm pretty particular about how I like my layers cut. She cuts my layers perfectly, they blend well and grow out well. The salon is also really nice, I love the old building and the ambiance they've created. It's also reasonably priced, which I appreciate. All in all, I give it two thumbs up! I'll continue to go to Heather at Re Salon!
5	Charlotte, look no further for a well-done mani and pedi! No, really!Service: impeccable. The front desk people were nice and guided me upstairs to the next person to have me seated for my nail salonist - who, Dashelle, rocks (does a clean job, very friendly, and all the works!)Venue: from an old firehouse that was ready to be knocked down, but saved by the city of Charlotte -- made into a salon. You can see the charms of the place, like the brick walls. I love how spacious, lofty feel, clean, cozy, and trendy it feels in here. Every space was used for the bar area, hair area, lobby, laser rooms, lipo rooms, and nail spa rooms.Price: I would say a little higher than the usual place for nails -- but it is worth $35 for my pedi for good service and being pampered. I had 2 bad lucks with other places, and this one fits the bill.Who to ask: I saw Ally did one of my friend's mani, and she did a fabulous job. I had Dashelle, and I looked at any flaws on my toes, and I did not see any. So, she gets an A+.
5	I've consistently been very happy with the results I've had from Re. The staff is also friendly, cool location, trendy vibe and nice building. Highly recommended to anyone looking for a new beauty spa in Charlotte.
1	Re Salon has some awesome stylist and med spa techs but that rude older receptionist will end up costing them customers. I've ignored her awful, curt remarks on every visit but after yesterday I had to post a review. She needs to be removed from that position. She can't multitask without acting stressed and treating the customers checking in and out like they are a hassle. She's is going to end up costing that place.
4	This is my one stop shop! I have been coming here for about two years and have never reviewed them on yelp. Dash does a great job with mani/pedi and is such a nice person to chat with. I just got my eyebrows done with Elizabeth and it is amazing once you have a professional do them verses yourself for an entire year (long story). Hair is next week so I will update then.
5	It's just the perfect atmosphere. High quality without being pretentious. You feel pampered as soon as you walk in. Welcoming and organized staff are seamlessly transitioning between clients and services with ease. Been to a lot of salons in Charlotte and after my first visit today, Re will be my go to for any pampering needs. Even just for a hair wash- that are spot on an doing a great job. Big props to Jane Ritz, my stylist- she listened to what I wanted and made magic happen! Can't wait to go back.
4	Nice people. Excellent environment. I think they are a little overpriced on the mani-pedi. I have gotten the same or better service for cheaper. Other than that, I would come here for everything else, especially to get pampered.
2	I have had facials and pedicure/manicures here.  The services are fine...actually probably the best pedi ever.  However, they are late pretty much every time.  And not just a few minutes late, either.  I mean 10-15 minutes or more!  This last time, over 30 minutes late!!!  I am not exaggerating, either!  I feel this means they don't really value their customers and this last visit is the last time I will ever visit Re.
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed Re Salon yet! I get my hair done here because my stylist, who I used to see at Modern Salon at Phillips place, moved here. I've seen Jane for 8 years and am a loyal customer! I am so thrilled she made the decision to leave Modern. Modern can be stuffy and elitist. Re Salon is nothing like that. The atmosphere and customer service are awesome. Very modern and clean. I'm always greeted and complimented when I check in and leave! Makes me feel special :) Do yourself a favor and book an appointment with Jane at Re. You won't be sorry.
4	I had Heather, who was great to work with. I explained my grievances about textured hair, what my vision was and she helped me meet that expectation. The interior design was beautiful. The only reason I give it 4 and not 5 stars was the location off of a busy street. Difficult to turn into the parking lot without holding up traffic coming off a major road.
5	I look forward to the moments when I am inspired to write a review because I've experience something wonderful, and I want to share it with the world. Yes, Re is actually that good! I don't know if it's the clean, bright atmosphere, the friendly stylists and their creativity, the wine... Or perhaps just a combination of it all?Michelle is amazing! She's friendly, talented & has such a sweet personality! Did I mention she gives The best head massages? I've tried a number of salons in town over the last two years, and have decided to end my search because I've finally found my favorite of them all! The stylists at Re are usually pretty busy; to call and get an appointment with the person of your choice, at a time that is convenient for you - well, I haven't had that kinda luck each time. But that has actually worked in my favor, because now I can tell u that whether you see Jesse or Heather or Michelle, you won't be disappointed! By writing this review, I am probably further reducing my chances of easily getting an appointment with one of these folks, but Re and all their stylists deserve to be praised! They are pricey, but you get what you pay for. They do a good job of assessing what their clients want, and I can only speak for myself, but I've always walked out of Re feeling like a million bucks ;)
5	I have now gone a few times here.  When you first pull in off of East you may be a little intimidated as I was. ( Choice of parking up front or in back) Quickly I filled out some paperwork and was offered wine. Always a plus.   My first visit in was actually just for a blowout due to traveling all the time I don't feel I get a great shampoo always and spoil myself. Since Charlotte is lacking in blowout bars and understanding this concept I thought I would give them a try. I was paired with sweet bubbly Jessica she understood I needed a good shampoo and blowout only and did what I needed. I noticed my hair looked a little thicker than I prefer but still great for first time.  Low and behold a few weeks later I was home in Charlotte again after a tragedy in my life while back where I normally get my hair done; my colorist moved to Austin and quit doing hair. I decided to let Jessica and the salon have at my hair. Being a blonde and naturally thick coarse hair I am very peculiar.   I was again greeted with a glass of wine and spoke to about options and soothed thru process kinda like the parent with the kid at day care. Over all she did a great job on my color my cut is something we will learn together as my hair is difficult very thick. Overall time management was great. I also love to later hours if they are needed.   Coming from Houston/ Dallas /L.A the prices are very reasonable. I'm looking forward to my next appointment with Jessica and to try out the very reasonably priced pedicures.  I have found my new colorist in Charlotte which is a relief since moving here.
5	So I just moved to Charlotte on Monday.  I start my new job in one week and was in dire need of a color and root job.  I took a chance on yelp and was not disappointed! I'm a redhead and reds are not an easy thing to get right.  But let me tell u Autumn did a fantastic color job that will bring me back to Re!  I'm super picky, I was with my last colorist for 10 years before I moved here. I won't stop there, Maria did a awesome cut and blow dry that made everything come together.  Today I was cared for by 2 individuals to my usual one in KY, and even with a generous tip that was well deserved I didn't spend any more than I'm use too.  Thanks for making me look and feel fantastic, I will definitely be back!
5	Visited Re for the first time last week and got a cut with Andrew. He was fantastic. By far one of the best stylists in Charlotte. He listened to what I wanted and really helped make it a cut that worked for my face frame and style. I'll definitely be back. Kudos!
5	I've been a client at Re Salon for quite a while now. I really like the salon and the people who work there. But especially after a couple of visits with Arturo (hair styling, haircut), I finally felt the urge to leave a review. He is so good at what he does that you can sense that he is a natural in this field right away. He is an extremely capable and creative professional. He can profile you right away (in a good way :)) with the techniques he was taught and gives you the best results you can ask for every time. He not only is very personable and genuinely pleasant to work with, he also is not afraid to give constructive, sensible suggestions and feedback on what the client is trying to achieve. I couldn't be happier with the end results both times I've seen him. Thank you, Arturo! Glad you joined Re Salon!
1	I actually had came into this salon a couple of months ago. And although this salon is very beautiful and clean, it was not what I expected at all. First, I had to wait forever, literally about 20 minutes for my scheduled appointment. The receptionists were rude and unfriendly and as I'm sitting in the waiting area they're gossiping and snickering and making me feel very uncomfortable, never even saying a word to me since I sat down in the chair. After I'm finally taken upstairs, I have to wait ANOTHER 5 minutes while the lady is literally talking to another customer about her vacation...seriously. I'm standing there so awkward like. Then after my appointment, I was showed downstairs while the lady is again talking to someone else and said she would meet me down stairs to get me the information I had asked her about, and I have to wait downstairs again for another additional 10 minutes. As a new customer I felt very unimportant and the salon/staff was not hospitable at all. Very stuck-up and judgmental atmosphere. And the services are WAY over priced. I will not be returning ever again.
1	I am new to the Charlotte area and it was time for a facial so I booked an appointment with Re Salon. I usually get a Deep Pore Cleansing Facial back home in Atlanta. I went online and researched several places and found Re. On the listing of available services on Re's website, I noticed they did not offer Deep Pore Cleansing which is a very common/popular facial so I gave them a call to inquire if they offer this facial (specifically requesting deep pore cleansing), after being placed on hold to confirm with the Estheticians, the receptionist responded that this service is indeed offered but I would have to first come in for a consultation. After that I asked for the price ($110), which is what I normally pay for this kind of facial. I booked an appointment for the same day and when I got there I noticed it was a full service facility (including a hair salon with pretty loud music). I had the consultation and was told that they truly do not offer a deep pore cleansing, I was pretty upset but they reassured me that this is a med. spa and that the service I want could be under a different name. After which, I told them that I go to a med. spa back home where I get this service all the time. The actual facial experience:-Normally a deep pore facial would start with cleansing the face and eye areas. However; the esthetician completely missed my eye makeup and didn't remove it.-Fast forward into the facial, I was telling her where to make extractions in addition to not being able to feel the vapor on my face (the whole purpose of the vapor is to "open" up your pores)...Anyways bottom line is the results were sup-bar as I still have clogged pores on my cheeks, chin, and forehead...the only area she managed to get was my nose. I did pay for my facial but I will never return to this place and hope that I can find a more spa-like experience like I did at home. This has been the most awful spa experience to date, especially given the $110 price and they couldn't even get things right and clean my face properly. The experience itself was not "spa-like" and there was not a shred of serenity considering I could hear the loud music from the hair salon blasting through the door, on top of that I had to constantly remind the esthetician about all of the areas she was missing instead of relaxing.
5	Shortly after moving to Charlotte I became in desperate need of a makeover. My hair was very long and because I hadn't had it trimmed in a while the ends were looking extreeeemely rough. I decided that I wanted to start fresh and have it all chopped off. Since I am very picky about my hair I didn't want to go to just any old salon. So after reading other reviews I decided to try Re Salon and Spa. I didn't request any one in particular so I was put with Brittany. I got so lucky because she gave me the best haircut I have ever had! I was really nervous about going short since all my previous attempts at a short style had failed epically. But Brittany gave me a long bob that looks amazing, is easy to style, and is very versatile. Not only is she an extremely nice person but she really took her time to figure out what style would be best for me and to make sure the cut was perfect. I am so excited because I am going back to Brittany for a bayalage color application today! :) Brittany had done bayalage to her own hair and it looks amazing. A very natural, sun kissed look that she says is very low maintenance (perfect for me). I will check back in to let you know how it turns out. Can't wait! LOVE THIS PLACE!
4	I am a huge fan of Re Salon & Med Spa! Everyone that works at the salon is amazing - all the special attention you receive definitely makes for a great experience. I have been going to the salon for 6 months now and have had multiple visits - everything from cut & color to mani/pedi. If you are looking for someone who is magic with color & cut you have to see Bethany - she is definitely one of the best!
5	Came in for a massage on a Saturday.  I came in and I was having a really bad day.  I was feeling very emotional and it just felt so amazing to get some of those bad vibes out of my body.  Mare's hands were magic!  She felt like she had five arms working at the same time!  It felt amazing and I will definitely be back!!! :)
5	Brittany Sneed is the best!!!! She consulted with me about what to do about my hair color which I thought was a botched job, but then I am very picky about my hair and especially the color. She is like a "gene in a bottle" as she fixed it and now my hair looks great!!! I feel like I have found the perfect stylist, because Brittany is a true professional. Re Salon has a good vibe, everyone is friendly and the Valet parking is nice! I loved this place!
5	I LOVE Re Salon and Med Spa!!! This is THE "One-Stop-Shop" for all of my beauty needs. I can get my hair done, facial, my Botox/Filler, Mani/Pedi all in ONE place! Everyone is so professional and experts in each of their specialties. It's awesome that Re offers everything I need to keep me looking beautiful from head to toe!!!
