3	Of all the places to drink in Vegas we ended up here twice mainly due to proximity.  The service is a little random but if you are staying in the Luxor this is a good place to have a drink at a reasonable price, drinks are under 10 and beers 5.  The lighting is cool but that doesn't make up for the ugly people.  What would one expect from the Luxor? You get what you pay for. On my next trip to Vegas you will find me eating hotdogs and drinking dollar beers at Excalibur.
4	Ok...I'll admit. I loved the Kir Royale they brought me.And the big screen TV so we could watch football (he watch, I drunk).
3	What Aurora has going for it is that it is right by the front desk....making it a great place to meet up with your friends before leaving Luxor to head somewhere else.  I sent or received the "Meet at Aurora in 15 minutes" text at least 8 times in the 3 days I was there.It's your typical hotel lobby bar, but recently remodelled and dressed up to look a little more upscale lounge.Drinks were expensive and you could tell they had the b team working during the day.  I would put a couple of bucks in the video poker machines at the bar, play slowly, and get a comp'd drink each time I was there.  Even if I lost $5 and tipped the bartender $3 I still made out better than paying cash for the drink.
3	Staying at the Luxor (see my review of Luxor for caveat), this centrally located lounge was pretty much our taking off point for whatever we ended up doing that particular evening.  In fact, when the missus and I arrived in Vegas at around midnight, our friends were at Aurora, ready to welcome us w a few nice cocktails.   Even though it's smack dab in the middle of Luxor, with a load of activity all around (it's sat between the Casino and the front desk area, where even at the latest hours the queue for check-in was 20 deep) it seemed quiet/cozy enough and nicely tucked away. Plus they played some nice funky, down-tempo house to set the vibe and mood, and to offset any hustle and bustle that was going on around you.
4	As far as casino bars go this is one of my favorites. The bar tender was nice but lacked enthusiasm. He did make me and my friend a mean drink though! I ordered the Titanic which is now one of my all time favorites. It's a signature drink for this bar but it has St. Germain Liquor!  YUM! Yea, it's $10.00 but it's worth it, plus it's kind of relaxing to sit back and watch the color tubes in the ceiling. We prob. saved money having a couple drinks here before going to cathouse, where the drinks are much more over priced then at Aurora. Just go order the Titanic, you'll see what I mean.
3	This bar is fine if you're staying here but it's nothing to seek out if you're at another hotel. Cocktails are good and there always seems to be ample seating at the bar.
4	I love to gamble at the Luxor for some reason.  I just really like the Egyptian decor and wait service is always on point.  While walking through we decided to stop at Aurora for a few drinks before hitting up some tables What a cute place. Love the decor and the service was on point. Bartender came up to us right away and I wanted to try their signature drink, The Aurora.  This is made of Stolichnaya Blueberi, Blueberries, Juice of a Lime and rock candy Syrup. NICE! Strong and just right!.Okay:  friendly crowd, strong and tasty drinks, good service. And the best part was getting invited to the penthouse on the 30th floor there for a cocktail party by some high roller gamblers who were getting their drank on there. Which was awesome!  Um, Nat will be back!
4	Nice, upscale lounge.  I really liked the ambiance, dark modern furniture, glass icicles with colored lighting, hanging from the ceiling over the bar sort of giving the bar an air "aurora borealis" feel and add just the right amount of color.Mixed foo-foo drinks average $10, but are made strong and yummy.  We came to this bar plenty of times, a couple of times there was a live band that was pretty good,  I loved the female singer her voice reminded me of Lauren Hill.Every evening we would stop by for the meet and greet for free champagne, appetizers, coupons, & the raffle.  My BF won tickets for Fantasy (boobies woohoo!) one day and another day we won a T-shirt.  They were even giving away a return trip to Vegas with limo service and then some.
4	This lounge is located in the hotel Luxor and it's right next to the hotel registration desk and the casino. It has a nice view of all the rooms and it's kind of neat just looking up because the walls cave in. It's a open area with an bar in the middle. They have seats scattered everywhere so you can enjoy yourself with a group. But if you don't have a group, then you can sit at the bar and enjoy yourself some games. They have some kind of electronic computer games up at the bar. I'm not sure what it is, but I know it's some kind of games or games. Bartenders were nice and the drinks were really well made. I would definitely recommend this place.
3	$12 for a mediocre Mojito and served with attitude?  Blah!The service here is terrible.  I only like the place because of the location within the Luxor.  The Mojito I ordered here with my group was good but not $12 at 5pm good.  I'd rather sit at the penny slot machines and get blotto for a penny a spin and a $1 tip to the drink waitresses.Sure, the decor is nice for the Luxor and the location is pretty sweet.....but you can do better.  Especially for a club priced drink............at 5pm........
3	When we arrived at the lounge we waited forever.. then realized we obviously had to go to the bar to order. The atmosphere is very pretty. We had an old bartender who made SIMPLY AMAZING drinks. He took time and care for our drinks and they were GREAT! Then.. a younger male bartender came on to work aside him.. he rushed the drinks and they were dive quality at best.. I expect alot more when I'm paying $12-$15/drink!! Would go back though, plus it's right next to registration at the hotel.. talk about convenient!
1	This is a fine place to meet friends or just sit and watch the action.  The service is horrible however.  Only about 6 other people there when I was there and it took over 20 minutes to get a beer.  The waitress never came back and I had to go to the bar for a refill. Customer service at this hotel needs an upgrade as much as the hotel itself.
4	No better place to wait for your airport transfer after a premature checkout at the Luxor. Straight across from the bell desk. Sip it slow, and no hassle.
5	checked into the Luxor at 1:30 am and needed a cocktail after a long journey.  We were treated great while using our first gambling dollars before going to sleep.
3	This was a great place to get our 5 am cocktails on. It's a generic hotel lounge type spot, but it hit the spot.
2	We went here Thursday afternoon because we were staying at the Luxor and we were ready for some fancy drinks. The bar is beautiful with a great atmosphere, however; the customer service was lacking. After waiting 15 minutes (in a half empty bar), we gave our order. I was charged an additional $3 pour fee on an already pricey martini (not previously mentioned by our stoic server). These 2 drinks took almost another 15 minutes to make it to the table. After the drinks finally came, our waitress put the receipt down and said "I'll be right back for this." So after waiting a total of half an hour and spending almost $30 on two beverages, we felt rushed out.
4	Priced a little high, lacks entertainment and has a bad location on the strip. They have a two drink minimum, and it'll run at least $30 a person. However, the drinks are very good and it's a good place to be with friends.
2	You walk in and the bar looks quite appealing.  Loungy, open, separate but connected to the casino and a cool design.  Once inside, POOR service.  You read and hear about Vegas hurting but I experienced very few people really working for their money.  I stood at an empty bar had 3 bartenders look at me and pass me while doing something else.  Simple volume bartending, the more you ring the more you make.  If you pass me while doing something you can let me know you'll be right with me or ask me what I need, then whatever you are doing, you may be able to double it and in turn make twice the money with half the work.   Apparently way too complex for the Aurora bartenders.  Our cocktail server was super nice yet our drinks took forever.  I thank her for her service but ding the Luxor for the slow service (process).
4	Dimmed lights, dark corners, pastels highlighting the bar and those premium vodkas, and soft leather seats secluded into the corners and vast area of the lounge. Walking in, you almost need to be careful because you could potentially trip in the dark. Soft lights flow through the area where people sit and a little shine gives away to check out faces and bodies. The drinks were on Luxor, so I took the opportunity to check out the lounge. I invited myself to a set of leather couches, sank and and let my feet have a rest from those sky high heels. The service was a little slow but it was a good break from the loudness and the cloudiness of the casino.When our waitress came, she told us our options for our complimentary drinks: well drinks or beers. Since I already had a vodka crab about an hour earlier, I was hoping for some difference. The Hawaiian sea breeze did the trick, with a splash of cran juice but complimented with pineapple juice and well vodka. Her suggestion really hit the spot for me. The tangy sweetness of that pineapple did wonders.There seemed to be a couple of bartenders and two waitresses that were ether running back and forth in their 80s leather boots or trying to rearrange the furniture. The boo and I decided to enjoy each others company for a while in the dim setting and the privacy without the banter of others or the wait staff. Very clean interior and overall a good time, just wished they had food and some sweet melody to relax to. It's continently located right by the check in counter for Luxor. Mm great place to relax for a break.
2	Seriously weird place.I don't believe it's run to its fullest potential. Maybe I'm too old for this scene? Maybe I just don't get it. I believe that if you offer table service, it should be more than clearing the tables. Servers come by to collect empties, yet don't ask if we want another round. I do admit it's a nice central place to meet up with friends before going to a bar that values customers. Remember to go to the bar to order.
1	The ambiance was nice. But the bartenders were rude. We were handed our drinks and never heard from our bartender, Herbie, again. What's the point of looking at something nice if the service is poor. Pretty on the outside, ugly on the inside.
4	Great hotel bar.  Good for people watching , or just waiting for your flight.
5	My go to after work place in the Luxor... when Public House isn't open that is ;)  After horrible after horrible experiences at the sports book at the Luxor we finally tried this place. The bartenders here are very friendly and welcoming. They have a pretty extensive choice of beers on tap & liquors. The lights above the bar are really cool too. They look like glowsticks! Overall a great place to lounge and grab a drink late night.
5	Great service, my boyfriend wanted to watch a soccer game and they were extremely nice enough to change the tv in front of us, all smiles. I recommend the Green Wave (which has Malibu rum)Very relaxed ambience, perfect for the afternoon after going out.Oh and love love love the lighting
2	Some of the bartenders make up rules for coupons and whatnot on the fly. My boyfriend just ordered an old fashioned and said it was sweet..it's whiskey. I got a fuzzy navel and it just tasted like watered down juice. Ugh.
3	Just swung in here for a quick drink and a little bit of video poker. The bartender was nice and made our drinks quickly. Video poker at all seats at the bar.
1	Overpriced. Of course. Shitty, inattentive servers? That was a surprise. You might as well just sit down somewhere at a slot machine and you'll get better service than here. Plus then, at least your drink will be a tip only.We spent our free drink coupons here and planned on getting a few more rounds to make it up to our server... we ended up just staying for the one. It wasn't even worth the free drink.
2	Overpriced. Only went because we had a coupon.  Service was OK but not overly friendly either.  Definitely don't need to go back...
1	Awful service, Awful drinks, and did I mention Awful service?So, was staying at Luxor, and decided to use the silly $20 drink coupon they give you at check-in. I think it's funny how it used to be 2 drinks free, and now it's a "$20 drink coupon" ... gets ya to go over by a few bucks for them.Anyhow.... so Saturday morning so bloody mary time... go in, bartender Joe was helping someone else. It was obvious he was agitated as he was saying "if you don't like it, leave" wow what a way to treat a customer. He turned around to us and gruffly said "I will be right there when I'm done here" ... great! (I should have turned and walked away right then).Bartender Joe gets done with the other customers, then comes over and asked what we wanted. I said we had the drink coupon and a FourSquare deal, and which was better to use if we wanted 2 bloody marys. He said he didn't know (what's a bartenders jobs to know then?) ... We decided to use the FourSquare BOGO check-in deal. He asked to see it on the phone, so we showed him. Then he asked to see the IDs of all four of us. Then he made the two drinks. When he came back with them, he asked to see the screen of the phone again. My friend who had the phone pulled it back out and asked why he needed to see it a second time. He said he wanted to check the expiration date, to which my friend replied there is no "expiration date" because check-in deals are real-time only. Joe just blurts out "I don't know what the attitude is all about but I'm getting sick of dealing with you" and reaches across the bar and physically snatches the phone out of my friend's hand with such force my friend falls backwards in shock. Of course my friend said that's extremely inappropriate, and asked for his phone back. Joe says "if you guys want these drinks, full price for you" ... Obviously we walked out. I went straight to the manager of the front desk as well as security and reported the abusive behavior. Needless to say, I will NEVER go back to Aurora nor will I stay at Luxor again. It's not worth dealing with employees who clearly are unhappy with their jobs and their lives.
3	Disappointed with the drink I got, Bloody Mary just tasted like V8 with pepper. The service was good and the atmosphere was awesome.
5	I go to Vegas on business a couple times a year and always stay at Luxor. This is the first time I stopped by Aurora and I must say I'm extremely disappointed I never gave it a shot before. The drinks were well made, the atmosphere was fun, and I had the most beautiful, amazing cocktail waitress named Brittany. Her friendly persona and attention to detail was perhaps the best service I've ever had at a lounge like this. Plus her killer body and gorgeous face didn't hurt one bit. On top of that, she was absolutely hilarious! She was mesmerizing. I will definitely be back soon!
3	I had a Bacardi Pepsi coke. I don't like Pepsi.  Not too good. Irish Killian Red not much better. My guest had a Pina Colada which was good. Service was very good.
4	Check in foursquare at luxor to get a 2-for-1 drink special.
2	2 stars for the ambiance and customer service only. As for the drinks and the price point for those drinks 0 stars. It was my and my fiances first time in Vegas. We went to celebrate New Years and our first stop was the Luxor. We went to Aurora bar and we were met by a very friendly cocktail server. She let us sit where ever we wanted and promptly took our order. We both ordered a classic mojito. Just from our first sip, we knew we wouldn't be ordering another drink.This was the worst mojito I've ever had. It tasted like plain club soda with a little sugar in it. The recipe for a mojito is simple. Take lime, fresh mint leaves, sugar or simple syrup and MUDDLE it (which is necessary to release the flavor of the mint leaves and dissolve the sugar). Pour in some light rum and a splash of club soda and shake it up to mix well. This bartender obviously didn't bother doing any of the proper steps. By the taste of my drink, I could tell all he did was throw in mint leaves with out muddling, squeezed in a little lime, a sprinkle of sugar and less than a shot of rum. Then he most likely filled the rest of the entire glass with club soda. The tiny bit of rum that he put in just sat at the bottom of the glass.I understand once upon a time in the US, a mojito was mostly found in south Florida, but since then it has become a wide spread popular drink that anyone would learn in bar tending 101. It is now as common place as a martini or a cosmo, so he knew how to make a proper one but didn't bother trying.Also, the bar was practically empty! Aside from me and my fiance, there were only about 4 other people in the bar. There is absolutely no excuse for the drink we were given. And to add insult to injury, they cost $12 each. If you want a good bar to go to on the strip, skip Aurora and try Public House at The Venetian.
5	This is my spot. I always stay at Luxor and when I lived in Vegas for a few months on a project I made sure to stop in here a few times a week. The bartenders all remember me anytime I'm there. It's really nice that I can not go to Vegas for months then stop in for drinks and they all remember me. I'm rating this place so high because I'm always treated like a person there. And they had a crazy cheap bottle promo going for a while. Love this place and it's great for people watching.
3	It like the Starbux next to it, but with booze. Great place to sip an alcoholic drink and a better wifi reception than in your room at the Luxor. Service is great and you can complain about overpriced drinks, but i got some work done here (i know, who is working in Vegas!)
4	Great Little Bar Tucked Away Inside the Luxor Pyramid in VegasSITREP"Aurora", the "Goddess of the Dawn", so aptly named since on one occasion, I think it actually was almost dawn when we left after late night Karaoke activities ending at 3am.THE SETUPWe actually cabbed back to the Luxor after Bazil's, but still a bit too wired to go to sleep and this place was still open.  Wait.  Let me rephrase that.  It's ALWAYS open.  Jesus - 24 HRS!  [This is SOOOO not Sacramento.] ;)WHY I LOVE VEGASThat's the remarkable thing about Vegas I still have to get to used is that most bars don't close - they are open 24 hours!  That's actually the thing I hate about bars in Sacramento, and even San Francisco & Seattle (my favorite Cities) - the bar security will go around and grab your drink at, what (checks his watch) 2am or even 1:40am and take the $10 drink you ordered that is still half full (because I am a sipper who likes to savor my martini or cocktail) - or forces you to down the top shelf goodness like it was some cheap shot.TRIANGULATION Located across from the lobby's front desk, Aurora can be that first distracting stop (as it was with me) before you get back to your room (and often a couple hour detour).MY DRINKAnyways, this was a fantastic chill spot.  As far as drinks go, I'm basic with a Rum & Coke, and it was great to see that this drink is cheap - commensurately speaking - when compared to other cocktails here as anywhere.LUXOR-DECORNice to watch people doing the table top games nearby, but just as interesting is the lighting-effects inside the bar on the ceiling.  And though the name-antecedent originates back to "The Dawn", in this instance, this bar's use of the name "Aurora", more specifically references those aforementioned lighting effects reminiscent of the Aurora Borealis or "Northern lights". THE LOWDOWNAurora has a great chill Vegas vibe, and if you don't really want to be in the Casino areas, Aurora had for me a fun environment  [Where I could enjoy my drink and have fun flirting with a group of ladies from the Czech Republic, whose biological clocks were still on Czech time, and so they were "up" already.] ;)
5	I had a wonderful time. Spent lots of money. When you tip well you have the best service. The drinks are very pricey, but they are anywhere you go. If you do not tip well, don't complain about the service. If you don't like that the drink is $14.00 dollars but a bottle and stay home.Your in Vegas!!!
4	Great classy bar to meet up with buds as they arrive at the LUXOR.  Great  venue for groups.  As we slowly trickle into The Luxor for a weekend  event or occasion AURORA is a cool n classy venue, and it's right across from the hotel check in area.  So, if you arrive first, check in, go up to your suite. Freshen up, and come down here to hunker down for a few hours and sip your cosmos.  Because of the wide openness of the venue, you will be visible to your buds as they arrive.Great for groups in that the tables and chairs and little stools are all easily movable. Sure, you'll be paying The Strip prices for your drinks, but they are pretty good.  Natch the cocktail waitresses are super attractive (all colors shapes and a sizes in a very cool modern way that works) and skimpily clad.Not so much a place for local Las Vegans. But when I first moved here in 2009, my soon to become my boyfriend of 6+ months agreed to meet me here even the drinks would be at The Strip prices because I felt COMFORTABLE with the venue.I'll have to remember to take some pix next time I'm over there.
5	The five dollar bloody marys are the bomb!Atmosphere is awesome but a little loud. Say and smoked cigars while drinking unlimited $5 bloody marys. Also have $14 version with premium vodka. Tammy B is the server of choice. She is awesome!
5	Great place to enjoy a nice cigar and drink. Our server Tammi was fantastic! 5.00 Sky Vodka drinks was a plus too. Being open air, we didn't choke out ourselves or anybody else. Very nice place!
