4	While I should be excited about my first trip to a country that does not border the US, I'm not.  With back pain lasting a month and counting, all I can think of is a 10-hour plane ride and 10 days riding in a car.  Both preferable to having to get up and walk around.  But thankfully, there is a store for everything in the Valley.David helped me find a Tempur-Pedic lumbar cushion that I can use until my thoracic spine hurts too much.  Then I can switch to my Tempur-Pedic travel pillow until my lumbar spine is done.  At that point, I can move to my inflatable pillow that I can use vertically.  He also suggested a blunt object to stab in my eye to help me forget about my back when all else fails.  Well, not really, that was my idea.I also tried out a few of the Tempur-Pedic beds.  Expecting it to feel like the foam mattress pads you buy at Wal-Mart, I was shocked at how comfortable they are and with a 20-year life!  It could outlast me.  There was one that when adjusted to the right spot, I was virtually pain free.  Now, it's just a matter of whether I really want to spend $8000 on a piece of furniture that I will only enjoy when unconscious.  It was a really nice bed though.
5	Excellent customer service. Very high quality products. I have never regretted anything I've bought at Relax-The-Back. The owner/manager, David, is very helpful and knowledgeable. My most recent purchase was a Liberty chair that is heavenly to sit in. I can't believe I put up with a clunky uncomfortable chair for so many years!
5	I finally decided to step up and buy what I know to be a great piece of furniture, a zero gravity recliner from Relax the Back. Ive been a fan of this store for many years and this location provided some excellent service. Thoroughly knowledgeable and very accommodating, I will likely be back soon for a sweet office chair. The daily discomfort in my lower back hasn't felt this comfortable in years. The only drawback is that I can't get my girlfriend to get out if it!
