3	I've only eaten at The Pita Pit during late night trips after the bars, so my recollection is a little fuzzy at times. But from what I can remember,  the food will satisfy your late night hunger.After last call, this place is always packed out. They stay open till the wee hours of the morning so you can grab yourself some grub after your late night of partying. The line moves pretty fast, so don't worry if it's out the door when you get there.If you've never been here before, it's basically like Subway, just with pitas. You order your base pita, then add the toppings you want. While the food is pretty tasty, it really isn't something I'd absolutely crave for. It may be one of the healthier late night options for food though, so I have to give it some credit there. If you like greasiness, then you won't find it at The Pita Pit. Also, consider getting 2 pitas because 1 really won't fill you up, but maybe that's just me.So The Pita Pit is 1 of several options you'll have if you're late night food searching in downtown Charlotte, & it's probably one of the healthier choices. Prepare to wait in line though & think about ordering more than 1 pita for yourself.
4	PIta Pit is another of my work lunch favorites. From the falafel to the cheese pitas, I've never been lead astray by anything on their menu. The tzaziki sauce is as good as it gets, and the staff will get generous with it if you keep asking for more. I like to get my sandwiches so stuffed that I can barely get my mouth around the freakin' things.The food is good, which means that the lines are long during lunch hour, so only try to go if you've got time. This little strip of Tryon makes me happy because there's several options close together: Soho Bistro for excellent Chinese takeout at reasonable prices and Fuel Pizza are the Pita Pit's next door neighbors. It's a great little area to go get something for everyone in your office.Most of the time, I'd land at the Pita Pit for the wide variety of veggie options. Their pita bread, also, is a miracle of food science. It's stretchy and bready at the same time. I wish I could have these things at home.
3	Pita pit is kinda like Subway: it's fast-food, but it doesn't usually leave you feeling sick and remorseful. Most of the ingredients are fresh and healthy (if you avoid the cheese-steak, which is hard to do), so in most cases you can't go wrong with what you order. Most of the sauces, veggies, and meats you're choosing from are actually really healthy, especially if you're sticking to veggies. I always go with chicken breast, and then I have my pita stuffed with lettuce, tomatoes, peppers, onions, and hot sauce. Other like to add various cheeses and sauces (like greek sauce), with good results. Important note: this place is open late, so if you're stumbling home from downtown bars, you can grab a late-night snack. That is, if you're willing to wait in a long line with the other party people...
5	Loved this place when I lived in Charlotte. This is the after hours spot in Downtown Charlotte. Located in the center of all the clubs, also a staple of all the local bankers at lunch time. The grilled chicken pita is delicious. They have a list of condiments and veggies you can add on. Great hummus and pretty good tzatziki sauce. The portions are extremely generous. Definitely bang for your buck!
4	With plenty of great restaurants in downtown Charlotte, this is not where I'd choose to eat a regularly scheduled meal.  On the other hand, at two o'clock on a chilly December morning I can't imagine anything better than a hot, tightly wrapped philly cheese steak pita sandwich from the Pita Pit.There might be a long line, but it's totally worth it.
4	I have been here at least four times over the past few years.For lunch and dinner, it is a nice alternative to a sit down restaurant in the downtown area. At 2:30 in the morning as a late night meal to absorb the alcohol and dull the intensity of the next day's hangover, it is truly a gift from the gods.It is a pretty funny sight to watch at 2:30 on a Saturday or Sunday morning where scores of highly intoxicated people are waiting in line for some of this greek goodness. Normally, a situation like this could be a recipe for disaster as people tend to be a little impatient when they are drinking, but everyone behaves themselves while they are waiting in line because they realize that the wait is worth it and they don't want to be asked to leave or lose their place in line. I personally recommend the Philly Cheese Steak Pita as it is definitely my go to option and has never disappointed me.It is really hard to convey how awesome it is that a place with this high quality of food is open this late into the night/ early morning.  It definitely does the job and provides a much needed alternative to another late night dining option known to some as Crap in the Box.
4	Pita Pit is hands down the best final stop on any downtown Charlotte drinking tour.The line is long, but the staff is very experienced at keeping it moving.  Also, you will seldom find a more drunkenly amiable line to stand in.  I made more friends in the Pita Pit line than I made at the last Yelp event.The food is...well...to tell you the truth I can never remember.  However, judging by the clothes I wore the night before, it can be a bit messy.Definitely go here before passing out on your next night of revelry, your hangover will thank you.
5	Awesome way to end a night of drinking - filling, just greasy enough and decently cheap.They also offer delivery and a number of healtier options that make it a good choice for a normal dinner as well...Also, the pita chips and babaganoush are amazing.
4	Healthy, tasty food??To bad I can fill one of these babies to the size of a chipotle burrito full of free toppings. Nom. And then eat 2 of them.$2 to deliver, get it!
2	If you are looking for something other than a typical sub sandwich or a slice of pizza for lunch, The Pita Pit is definitely a great alternative. The choice of fillings for your pita is pretty basic. It is very vegetarian friendly with almost as many veggie pitas as meat pitas. There is nothing spectacular about the place but its definitely not bad either.
2	We stopped here one Saturday afternoon before going to the Levine Museum of the New South.  We were hungry and we knew it was fast and relatively cheap.The guy taking our order had an attitude.  He forgot to give my wife her drink cup and when she asked for it, he looked in the trash to see the ticket because he thought she was lying.  It was his fault too because she ordered a combo.I got some flavorless dry grilled chicken thing.  Yes, the chicken is cooked on a grill, but it's more like reheated than cooked.  The veggies were sparse, as were the condiments, and they wanted to charge her an extra dollar just to put some hummus on her tuna pita.  The tuna pita was also very dry, as if it was straight from the can and drained with nothing added to it.Now I know why this place is so popular with the drunk crowd - they are the only ones who could tolerate it.  But the owners even gouge them by charging them "late night prices" after 11pm.  I probably won't ever go back up here unless I find myself drunk - but I would just as soon it the nearby Fuel Pizza, and that's not saying much.
5	So yummy! Can get a little pricey, but so worth it! If you're not starving, I'd recommend sharing with someone. I always get the grilled chicken caesar pita on wheat, no bacon. I crave it all the time!
3	I've been meaning to try this place for awhile but never really had the chance. Usually I'm in uptown to have dinner with my wife but yesterday I had the day off, wife was working, and I was with my 2 year old daughter. We wanted to have a nice afternoon and she had asked me if we can go on a choo choo. Took the light rail in from Tyvola and walked to the Pita Pit. Had the Falafel. First question they asked me was if I wanted it grilled or microwaved which I thought was weird. I said "grilled". The combo was add a soda and a bag of chips. Total came out to around $9 which I thought was way pricey but was good. Would have felt better if for the price I would have had fries instead of Lays or Doritos. Most Falafel places I am used to in Major cities are priced around $5 for Falafel + soda. It did taste great though. Dissapointed they don't have french fries.
5	This place is the BEST.  Pretty healthy and filling.  I would order beforehand online to save time.
3	I work across the street from the Pita Pit, and go frequently - it's a good thing I like the food, because the service is pretty poor.  The guys that work there pretty much all act like you're troubling them by ordering food.  One of the worst overall staff attitudes I've ever seen anywhere.On the flip side, everything I've had is good (as a pita or a salad), and it's fairly healthy, so I go back regularly.  But if the attitude gets under my skin a little bit more, I won't be going back.
5	I don't very often dish out 5 stars to restaurants, but this one deserves it.1. Cheap excellent pita choices.2. Quick in and out attitude without negating customer service.3. Open till very late at night - get yo drink on, then go grab yo pita!I usually order either the Irani special or the Falafel - both all the way with jalapeno peppers on the grill.If you end up going after a night out, don't get intimidated by the long line here - their experienced wait staff will quickly negotiate the line. You will not have to wait a long while.
5	Boy, in the night time, the stores in the area are closed with limited options. This place stays open until 11p. That was quite a find.Had the Souvlaki Pita and it was really good. Had a number of sauces and toppings (covered by the pita option already).Staff is very attentive, polite, and stays smiling through the last hour.A definite plus for staff and food accessibility plus tastiness.
4	If you want to grab a quick bite at a place that is somewhat healthy, this might be a good option.  There is usually a wait because the place is packed - at least whenever I go there (Lunch during the work week).  Still, for me it is worth the wait.  There are a lot of Pitas to choose from and you have the ability to customize everything to your own taste.  Aside from the waiting, and a slightly high price for what you get, I do like this place.  A word to the wise: you may want to get your food to go since there is not much in the way of seating.
5	I don't know what it is but there is something about this place that truly gives me happy face. I always get the dagwood. Mmmmmmm. Great prices, big a** pita's, and they are super tasty. I LOVE this place. Good middle of the night muchie joint too.
4	Sometime in the past couple months since my last review, a guy started working during the lunch our that I pressume to be the owner.  Service was big complaint in my last review, and that has completely changed - it's vastly improved.  Food is still tastey - one of the best places in the area for a quick, reasonably healthy lunch.
4	Pita Pit is my lunch of choice when I am too lazy or crazed to bring in my own food for the work day. The interior is clean, the food is fresh, and the service is always friendly. Now if you are heading over there during the work week, be sure to take note that this place is PACKED between the hours of 11am-1pm. Everyday. The line moves quickly, but you'll probably get jostled around a bit before ordering your pita. And if you don't work uptown, I imagine parking can be a big hassle, so this might not be the most convenient.I always order the hummus wheat pita. It's delicious and they cram a ton of veggies into it (I literally choose almost every veggie they have, plus avocado, and there are no additional charges). The pita ends up being so large that I eat half for lunch and then save the other half for dinner. Two meals for around $6.00 is an awesome deal!
3	Kinda pricey for a pita for lunch (about $9 for chips and sammich-no drink) but the quality is there. Lots of fresh toppings and pretty big pitas. It's not really a true pita but more of a marriage of a wrap and a pita. It gets kind of hectic and crowded but you move through the line pretty quickly. I've heard people b!tch about the lack of friendliness of the employees, but gosh-darn they are busy. What do you expect?Chicken Crave is probably the best I've had out of the lineup of choices.Your pal,Walter
4	Why go to a regular sub shop when you've got the Pita Pit? They grill the meat fresh for you, and you can pick out extra ingredients just like you can at most sub shops.For some reason, I always like the bright green and orange colors when I come in here. The place feels so alive and bustling, I just can't help but leave happy.
3	- Good hours of operation.- Pretty good quality of food. (some meats looks like pre-packaged Oscar Myers deli meat from a grocery store)- Quick lines- Menu isn't too much where you're spending as much time reading as you would eating.- About 6 tables- A lot of toppings- As another person stated... They are NOT really Pita's as you may think but more so a Large Pita sliced open and stuffed.
4	Best 2am food uptown.
4	Great selection and always made to order.  I like both of those!  Pita Pit is one of those places I always forget about while making my lunch decision when I'm at work and for that, shame on me.It's very clean always, the service is super fast paced and they get you turned around and back on your way in no time.Get here early though, it gets slammed!
4	Oh Philly Cheese Steak Pita! Lets just say that's definitely a favorite for me here. Located right along the base of the Hearst Tower next to several restaurants, I can see why this place would get business. I came here after a wonderful yelp event to fill the rest of my stomach (and to soak up some of that alcohol.)This place will probably remind you of how Charlotte is really a city, and that restaurants at the bottom of skyscrapers really do exist here. This place would be a wonderful spot to eat at for lets say a quick lunch, or a light dinner. Now, to my Philly Cheese Steak Pita: It was amazing. I did however put my twist on my pita as you can choose the many different options of toppings to add to your pita. The originals I kept: provolone, peppers, onions, the normal things that came with the pita. The extras I added: lettuce, tomatoes, olives (yes, I know who puts olives on a philly cheese? And my answer: an awesome person that's who.)Anyways, in the end I came out with a full and happy stomach, a little sober, and my satisfaction meter was topped off. Pita pit is wonderful for those quick occasions with a group of friends and good times.
4	Coming here reminded me of the lovely college days.. the constant need for easy, cheap and large-portioned foods. A hole in the wall kinda place with a hot grill and a nice arrangement of veggies, condiments and various sauces. I ordered the Grecian Delight and deee-lightful it was! There is a vast selection of pitas on the menu. The concept is basically a pita reflection of subway sandwiches. Choose your hearts' desire from the menu and add as many toppings as you please. Very good, filling and cheap. Best part? We totally jammed out to old school R&B playing through the night (BONUS POINTS for good choice in music)!
4	Love their Plant Strong options.  They have online ordering so I can just walk in and pick it up.  Love their Hummus Pita.
5	Love this place! I love the options available to choose what to put into your pita. Everything is prepared in front of you. No surprises behind the doors. Good staff and clean place. Good location as well.
4	Seriously. How could you not like a pita crammed full of veggies, falafel, hummus, tzatziki, and hot sauce? I used to frequent Pita Pit in FL and this one carries forth the glory of pita greatness. I always order something different. Falafel, chicken, steak, just straight veggies...it's always good. I love that they cram as much as you want into those poor pitas. Who cares, though. The more everything drips and falls out of your pita, the more enjoyable it is! Maybe sit and eat it though...Not exactly street food if half of it falls out onto the street. Pretty cheap, too. We always eat with drinks and a bag of chips for around $15. Also, these dudes are open super late. Great when you're in Uptown after everything else has closed on a Monday night. The only downside of this location is the parking situation. Shocking. Uptown is always a pain to navigate if you're in or on any sort of motorized vehicle. We usually park at 7th street and make it a quick trip to go.
2	Although this chain has been around awhile (I remember one opening in Austin back when I was in undergrad, so you know, a it was definitely at least a million years ago).So being a newb, I asked a fair amount of questions as I was placing my order over the phone.  The lady on the end wasn't the friendliest, which fine, I get it, I should have determined what additional fillers I wanted and whether hummus was an additional side.  The falafel wrap was decent, although probably not the most delicious falafel ever.  I remember marveling at the massiveness of my wrap, but it was mostly lettuce.  Tahini sauce isn't available as a sauce (wtf?) so I had hummus added for a bit of creaminess.  I mean it was all right, served its purpose of offering a bit of stomach padding before a night of drinking, but I am not about to venture into another Pita Pit unless there's absolutely nothing else.  Also worth mentioning, the hummus and fried pita chips I ordered for others to much on - the chips were legit glistening with greasiness.  Ick.  Just FYI, Yelp and iPhone maps will lead you astray.
4	I only ate here once and enjoyed is so much.  I can't wait to go back.  Its basically you can create you own pita.  The toppings are fresh and the line moves pretty fast.  Its a charlotte must hit in my book.
5	Love this place! I have gotten the Gyro almost every time; and in the three weeks I've been in Charlotte have probably been here 7 times! Super-fresh, super-fast! The store is always spotless and workers are always friendly. Only bummer; I'm a HUGE fan of tzatziki, I make it at home all the time and the tzatziki here is really sub-par and not very authentic :(, but even having a Gyro on the menu I'll still give it 5 stars :)
4	Philly steak pita is my go-to. Great lunch spot. Now that the nice weather has arrived they pull back the windows that open out to College St.
4	NOTE- it is NOT on Tryon...it is on College St, between 5th and 6th, right across from Merts Heart and Soul.I had the Chicken Souvlaki- was really good. Very healthy- all the sandwiches are around 300-400 calories. I like the Subway-esque topping bar at the end, you can add any veggies or sauces (hummus, hot sauce, tzatziki, etc).
4	Great pitas and lots of variety of toppings/fillings- veggies, cheeses, sauces, dressings, etc.  It's designed more as a take-out place, so if you plan to eat there, there are always plenty of tables, but be prepared that it gets pretty noisy.
4	I have been meaning to check out Pita Pit and decided to head over today around noon, and there was a line out the door. Not knowing how things works, the individual who took my order explained he only needed my meat selection and I would choose everything else down the line.  As I waited I observed the organization the staff has and the line moves pretty quickly. Everything is prepared fresh, heated in front of you, and you can choose any toppings, and there are a lot, before finalizing your pita. They tighly wrap the pita so nothing falls out and was warm when I got back to my desk. The only thing I will say is the pita got a little soft so it did turn out a little messy as I enjoyed it...no worries though, it was worth it.  I will definitely keep this place in mind when I am looking for something a little different than a plain old bread.
5	I have visited Pita Pit many many times and it is always my favorite!! I have been for lunch, dinner and midnight snacks! My favorite pita is the chicken pita!! They are usually quick, the food is hot. I love all of the options. Wish they would bring the swiss cheese back but other than that I love Pita Pit :).
4	Haven't had Pita Pit in years and this location definitely helped me relive the good memories from many years ago! The staff was super friendly and courteous and my pita was delicious!
4	The Pita Pit is a great place to go if you have to run out of pick up something fast and healthy.There menu is vast and I am working my way down it as I go. I have been there a couple times when I needed to stay on a project I was working on but I really needed to get something good to eat.Thankfully these guys are close by. As most places in Uptown(downtown) the lunch time line will be long but they keep it moving.I haven't found a bad pita I didn't like. So I will give 4 stars for good food, fast service, and great people behind the counter.You will want to go there during a non-rush hour time to look through the menu since the move people through quickly.
4	I came here with a friend who highly recommended it, and I'm a big fan and ready to join the Mosh Pit.  It's like a Chipotle assembly line setup where you order your proteins which they grill hot in front of you, and pass you down the line to select your favorite veggies, sauces and other toppings, and they roll it into a nice easy to eat fresh pita (choice of white or wheat).  This think is easy to eat, and doesn't spill all over your suit....and it fills you up, but in a fresh non-gut bomb sort of way that normal monster burritos do.  The chicken breast I had was fresh white meat (non-grizzle) and perfect.  I shall return to the pit of glory.
3	I had been warned before going in that you need to know what you want before you order, so I did, or so I thought.  The special's board had a "local favorite" without a description so I asked the guy at the register "What's the Aloha".. He yelled back, Ham, pineapple, chicken, teriyaki sauce. Sounded good.  So then I sort of wandered along the counter not having any idea where my order would turn up.  I was then asked by one counter person, what my order was and white or wheat (She had to repeat herself twice because as one reviewer said- it was LOUD.)  I told her my order, then the next guy asked me what I ordered. Again, the Aloha.  He wanted to know what toppings I wanted.  I had no idea- the sandwich already sounded fairly complete already.  Anyway after yelling back and forth I came up with a couple of toppings, but wait- not done yet.  The THIRD person asked (yelled) at me what was my order.  Again, the Aloha. So what sauce did I want.  Besides teriyaki?  She didn't answer just put teriyaki on it.   We then sat to eat and more yelling ensued.In short I would rate the food as 4+ but the experience was no higher than a 2.  Loud, crowded, strange lay-out, poor communication from the staff.  But if you know what you want, and aren't eating there, you'll probably enjoy it.
3	Giving this place a conservative three stars, but has the makings of four stars.  I will give this place a temporary spot on the lunch rotation when uptown.  Came here to grab a quick lunch with a buddy who works uptown to talk shop.  I grabbed a pita and buddy grabbed the salad.  Salad was insanely huge with everything possible.  My pita was considerably smaller but tasty as well.  I recommend the Grecian, if it's still a special that's up there.Tip:  I would try to avoid this place around 12PM because it became insanely packed.  To be fair, it looked like they did a good job of moving people in and out of there, but I didn't really pay too much attention.Looking forward to returning here after a late night of drank.dmo out.
5	Forgot my prepped meals and was in a bind. Pita pit came thru for me in just the right time. I don't think you can really do any wrong in what they do....Love how they post the calories beside everything for the calorie minded eaters! As well as provide a nutritional breakdown pamphlet.
4	Tasty and healthy? Awesome! I'm pregnant and had a taste for something fresh for once so I went online and placed my order since I knew what I wanted. This place is always crowded which means it's a favorite. My chicken crave pita was to die for, my only regret is that I didn't get two because I was still hungry afterwards. :-/
5	IF you are reading reviews for this place- you are there at the wrong time! Come 1:30 to 3AM! This is where the party people go after the party - to get some really good mid-night food. Fun! You will see a typical downtown scene here
4	Been here twice for lunch and its pretty decent. The first time I was expecting just another fast food joint and while it does have that type of vibe/service I was surprise by how good the food was. Yes, you build you meal like a subway, in which you choose what you want in your pita-sub and you can add chips and a drink. But the combinations are pretty good. Plus the have sauces and other ingredients that or places might not have; like Hummus and tsakiti sauce. So if you want something "Healthy"(depends on what you order) and quick, this is a great choice.
3	Management has changed. Service has been a hit or miss since the change. Overall, still a decent place to grab a quick pita sandwich in uptown Charlotte.
4	I had an issue with Pita Pit and an employee with questionable sanitation practices.. but the GM has been in touch with me to assure it's been addressed and taken care of. Thank You!!I'll give it another go since I really do love your Pitas!
4	The people who work the late shift here deserve a medal. Or holiday. Or the biggest hug ever. Seriously, how would you feel if you were at work and an army of blackout drunk people stormed into your office? They deal with it every Friday and Saturday night.I'll be honest... I'm usually not sober when I end up here. I'll make fun of the other drunk people and act like I'm completely fine. I dunno if anyone buys it.My go-to order is the buffalo chicken loaded with some type of combination of mushrooms, jalapenos, banana peppers, insert whatever veggie I'm feeling and a bunch of tzatziki. I usually take it to go so I can eat it at home in pajamas. However, if you can snag a seat sit and stay for the show of the endless parade of the inebriated.I have to give props to the workers here. They handle it all in stride and are pretty good sports about everything. Don't be discouraged by a long line. Pita Pit can pump orders pretty quickly so they wait is never all that long. If you want to avoid the madness, make sure you get here before 2am to get there before the rush.
4	Such a yummy sandwich shop, very quick and open late (for those drunk nights).
