4	Great supermarket! The highlight of our trip to Montreal was picking up giant crunchies and sampling local pastries here. We picked up picnic stuff and ate at the boardwalk on the banks of the St. Lawrence River.
4	This was one of the highlights of my trip to Montreal (similar to Angela C.). I love going to grocery stores in different areas to check out the different foods they have. Their dessert section looks amazing with all the fancy and yummy looking cakes. I purchased some grain cheese (curds) which I've never had until I came to Montreal. I also bought 4 mini Guadet pies as they were on sale and they were so delicious!! Looking back, I wish I bought the larger size as they were a better deal but I had no idea they would be that tasty. One thing I found odd was that they didn't have any chapstick.  Oh well, no big deal.
3	This location of IGA is conveniently located within the Complexe Desjardins, unfortunately on the weekend the only open entrance is inconveniently located within the mall. This wouldn't be so bad if they would label the doors better.Nice thing is they're open later than the rest of the mall. SAQ included. So unfortunately if you're looking at stocking up on alcohol in the evening on a weekend, you're stuck shopping here.  Surprisingly not bad for their mini SAQ in store carries a decent amount of beer and wine. Any other liquor and you're out of luck though. Staff was friendly with trying to assist however.The produce here is relatively fresh, which was surprising and this location is a pretty large store with aisles and aisles of everything else you need.
4	I visited this store several times during my visit to Montreal because it was located in the same building as our hotel, Gouveneur Dupuis. This grocery store really impressed me with its selection and cleanliness. Last time I was in Montreal I frequented the Provigo near the intersection of Ave du Parc and Sherbrooke, and this IGA store is so, so much better. The store is very clean and new and the selection is far better. The cheese selection in particular is very worthy of five stars. They also had an extensive selection of baked goods and a small selection of wine and beer, including my personal favorite, wine in little juice box like containers. I was also really impressed by their selection of soaps, which included soaps from Provence we spotted in the Jean Talon Farmer's market for 3-4 times the price they were selling for at this IGA. I picked up a bunch of those. I look forward to returning here on my next trip to Montreal. However, my only complaint is that this place closes a bit early, around 8 or 9 I think. It would be nice if it was open later.
4	A friend and I came here to grab lunch during our stay in Montreal and I was really pleased with the selection of ready made foods they had for us to choose from.The staff here was very friendly, and I spent less than $15 for food that would have cost twice that in New Orleans.I left with pineapple chicken, egg roll, macaroni salad, two boxes of cookies, and some other items I can't recall at the moment and they were all delicious.  I was pleased with our choices, I would recommend stopping in if you are in a rush and want a lot of options for lunch!
5	OMG, such a gift! Located in the lower level of Desjardins Complex and below the Hyatt this is the alternative to forever dining out at city prices.  There's packages of a variety of FRESH cut up fruit and a container of  yogert for breakfast. I had a prepared Seafood Lasagna that was delicious (even not heated) for lunch one day, fresh made Sushi the next, sanwiches and wraps to die for. Grab a bottle of wine, bagette and block of cheeze and have a great pre dinner party in your hotel room. LOADS of other prepared foods at reasonable prices. After work the store is crowded with locals doing their regular food shopping. It's a great way to 1) avoid fast food. 2) eat what you want.. 3) not overeat when away from home and 4) save your coin for a favorite four star meal.
1	Please do not patronize any of Louise Menard's stores, she forbids her employees from speaking English.      http://montreal.ctvnews.ca/exclusive-employees-at-iga-franchise-told-they-can-t-speak-english-to-each-other-1.1343299
1	Dont Go here... These people violate human rights!!
1	Will never shop here stay away they are prejudice against English speaking people. They have reprimanded their staff for speaking English to each other while on break, and said speaking English or Spanish would cause a ghetto in their company. No thank you I'd rather shop where I'm not hated for the language I speak.Btw I selected 1star because I couldn't give a lower rating.
4	Groceries in the downtown coreWhen I am in Complexe Desjardins, I always stick my head in here.  It offers Air Miles and a lot of the usual things the rest of the chain does.  For an IGA, it's a little on the small side.  But there is one feature here I haven't seen anywhere else.The cheese counter is HUGE.  Two full refrigerated shelves of the fancy stuff, in addition to the mass-market cheeses elsewhere.  But if you're all by yourself, take a look for the remnant basket.  There are bits and pieces of wedges left over from making trays.  You can get two or three small chunks and make a fancy cheese tray for one, for about $5.  Your inner mouse will thank you.
3	+ Incredibly helpful folks here (the fella working here went on a crazy jiffy cornbread mix hunt with me. sadly, we couldn't find it. finding baking products in different country can be quite difficult).+ Easy to return Items.+ Beer selection here is bigger & definitely better than SAQ's. + Perfect for simultaneously shopping and crossing off my to-do list of going to"Montreal's underground city"+ Nowhere near as awesome as Trader Joe's, but it reminds me of a Ralphs or Shaw's in the states.  - Wouldn't recommend purchasing their premade salmon lox/bagel. Not all that appetizing.
4	Conveniently located in a touristic area this store offers a large variety of food and drinks (alcohol including). I shop here every time I stay in Montreal to get some sparkling water, snacks and food (when I don't feel like eating out).
3	This grocery store was conveniently located close to our hotel in Montreal.  They are also connected to the Underground City.The store was neat and tidy.  Product prices were reasonable.  Wide selection of products.Was bothered that the security guard kept following me.  I must have looked suspicious.  Anyways he stopped following me after I went up to him and said hello.I would shop here again if we were staying in the area.  Otherwise, I would not be a regular here.
