4	Such a nice mani/pedi! This place is great for a clean, quick, cheap mani/pedi.  Only $10 for a mani and $20 for a pedi, can't beat it.  The staff is super friendly and did a great job.  It was small, but not stuffy and they talked to us while we got our nails done, which was nice.  Although there are tons of nail salons in Pittsburgh, I think it's hard to find one that's cheap and still nice...until now.  I'll definitely be back!
4	Ok- so I literally drove by this place, because it is close to my dentist/optometrist/shoe repair and decided to try it.  It is much closer to me than NY nails.  I was pleasantly surprised, by the cleanliness and the staff, which appears to be a family.  A mani is $10 and a pedi is $20.  They also recently got new spa chairs with the built in massagers which is always a plus.I actually get acrylic nails here as well, and the price isn't too bad.  For me this place is quick, easy and a good price.  Although I'm sure that it probably gets busier in the Summer, it isn't too crowded now, which I like.
4	It's been really hard for me to find a good manicure place that I like.  I find myself comparing them to the places I use to go to in Los Angeles and they don't even compare!  Anyway, I found D&M nails recently because this helpful woman at the downtown Saks recommended for me to go there.  It's a family owned nail place and you literally see the whole family working.  The parents and the children are all there working hard.  I went there recently and they did a good job.  Depending on how long my manicure lasts me, I will probably go back.
5	I feel like I am constantly giving people 5 stars, but its because I only go to places that I LOVE!  I have been going to D&M exclusively for years.  My nails always look amazing, the materials that they use for pink & white is better than many other nail salons in the area.  Make sure you get a punch card if you get something done that requires routine maintenance.  Family-run establishment, great people
5	My first pedicure. Not a big event for women but for guys, it's a novelty. I hurt my knee so cutting my own toenails is literally a pain.The husband and wife team welcomed me and got down to business quickly. The process was painless and very beneficial.  I can't comment on the esthetics of toe nail paint offerings like the ladies can, although I did spot a nice shade of yellow on the rack.In and out in half an hour.
5	This place is a really great find.  While it is not a 5 star day spa I gave it 5 stars because I got a great French pedicure for $25 and it was as good as any plain pedicure that I have had at a fancy salon.  The technician was very thorough and cared a lot about how it looked and how I felt.  I made an appointment but honestly I don't think it mattered.  You are probably just as well walking in.  I will be back there regularly :-)
3	The good: the price ($30 for mani-pedi), the staff (young, family-owned/run, nice sweet little daughter running around), the paint job (well done). The not so great (or, the get what you pay for): it's not clean, the experience isn't luxurious or spa-like, and the tools are not sanitized. You won't leave pampered, but you will leave with enough spending money in your pocket.
1	I called to ask the price for a pedicure and what was included. The guys says $20 for a pedicure. I ask what that includes. He says he doesn't know what I'm talking about. So, I ask again, what is included, polish, callous removal, etc.. He says "You put your feet in the water..." and then he hung up on me. I called back to ask why he hung up and he said he'd answered my question. If this is how they treat people on the phone, I sure wouldn't give them a dollar.
3	I went in for a manicure without an appointment. The owner was very friendly. She took my friend for a french mani and her daughter took me. She barely looked at me and was quiet, which wasn't a big deal. The daughter was rough with my hands and when she was cleaning up the cuticles, she ripped out a chunk of skin from my left ring finger and it immediately started bleeding. It definitely hurt but she put some stuff on it that helped calm it down. No sorry was uttered...just kept on going saying that if I put my finger in water it'll be fine. My nails turned out nice despite the bleeding part. I would try this place again though I would probably go with the owner next time.
3	I'm giving this review 3 stars because I've had 2 good experiences here and 1 recent not-so-good one. I've come into the salon twice before to get a main/pedi and have had a nice experience. The man that did my nails was patient and really took the time to make my nails look great. I'd like to share my most recent experience yesterday. I called on a Saturday morning to make and appointment, and the women on the phone seemed annoyed, but told me they had openings at 2:30. Great- so we came in at 2:30 and the 2 young ladies rushed us through our mani/pedis, were less-than-gentle with the cuticles (one of my toes still hurts a little), and sort of pushed us out the door. I think we were their last customers, so I understand they wanted to go home...but then why tell me to come in at 2:30? I would have come in earlier to make it easier. Kind of confused about the whole experience, so I think I'll try another salon from now on....kind of a shame, because their prices are very reasonable. I hope my experience was just an anomaly, because before yesterday I would have recommended to come here.
5	Just had a pedicure and a shellack manicure by Rico. He did a wonderful job. His family owns the salon and they are great people. There is plenty of on street parking and the facility is clean and comfortable.
5	Got a french manicure and regular pedicure and both came out great! Not only does this place have the best prices in the city, their attention to detail is wonderful! Also there is plenty of street parking which is a a major plus. The massage chairs were a nice touch during the pedicure and everyone is very friendly. Will recommend to all my friends.
5	Listen... I've been getting my nails done for almost 20 yearsn I've been all over Pittsburgh to find the right salon. Yes I have found places that do better designs but not much better and honestly these people are great. The mom is always nice pleasant and is a beast at eyebrows . The men there take so much time on you and always talk if you want to. Swear one thing I hate abt nails salons is I feel like they talk shit and won't fix shit if their wrong. NOT HERE these people are Awesome.  Please believe id be honest.
5	Coming from New Orleans and not being a local finding this spot has been a gem! My nails and toes looks awesome. However the price is higher here than New Orleans and it's to be expected!  I'm guessing this will be my nails spa until I leave...Thank you!! BTW MAKE SURE YOU HAVE A DOLLAR IN QUARTERS FOR STREET PARKING!!!
5	This is my favorite nail salon in Pittsburgh! The staff is super friendly and professional, and my pedicures always seem to last for a long time. Prices are unbeatable for the quality and service, too. I've been coming here for 4 years and have never had a less than stellar experience.
1	I expected great service, but l left disappointed! My pedicure was rushed and my feet looked exactly as they had when I walked in, after paying $25! I will never go here again!
5	Got a shellac manicure here and am really pleased with it. The guy that did it was meticulous with his work and took his time. He was also really nice and friendly. Manicure was only $25 which i think is a fair price.  Will definitely be going back again.
5	I'm so happy with the treatment and service I received here today. My nails look amazing! This whole time I had been going to a place that would always make me wait, rush through my mani and pedi, and was more expensive. Not anymore!
5	The service and quality here are amazing! You can't beat the prices in Pittsburgh! I highly recommend this salon.
1	I want to like this family run place, but if you get the daughter watch out! She does a very cursory job and seems to be hating it the whole time. My pedicure was no better than I could accomplish On my own. Very sorry I tried them again.
