4	For the Waterloo university market, this is pretty good--would say the students are a bit spoiled. Probably just a notch below Richmond, BC, still a great value for $7.49 for the medium-sized bowl of braised beef noodles, your choice of thick or thin. Plenty of Bak Choy, sprouts too....and soup base surprisingly little if any MSG. Nice decor, 4 booth seatings. Good size for rest. Good suspicion that it's Taiwanese-owned too. Lots of parking.
2	Too bad
4	I love Chen! Great food, fair prices. Excellent value
4	Value for money! I love their shredded garlic potato and all the chicken dishes! Wholesome portions and great prices
4	Chen's is about as good of Americanized Chinese food that one can find in the plaza. I enjoy the atmosphere and the people who work their are always friendly.
2	Not good
2	I don't doubt the quality of the food, it was pretty good, especially for the price. The interior was pretty well decorated for a university shop, however the service was terrible.Went with a couple of friends, waited to be seated by standing near the entrance. They did not see us at all for the longest time and the restaurant wasn't even busy at the moment. So we took the liberty to self-sit oursleves, and then kept waiting for  the servers to see us. They didn't so we had to wave them down before the server even realized they had new customers. We ordered and one of our friend's dish was entirely forgotten. They never came to check on us, or even look at us to see how we were doing. I've been here more than a couple of times and the service has always let me down, so I'm sure why other people think the service is good. This probably doesn't always happen, but this experience sucked, therefore 2 stars....
5	Cheap, wonderful food. I love how they offer free bubble tea (great flavour too) for dinner, and the dinners are cheap, filling, and delicious. Chinese-style Chinese food, tastes exactly like Chinese food should. Good decor too. Although I've ordered the combo meals and the taste varies from cook to cook, it's always good enough for me to want to come back.
3	Typical Chinese restaurant in the UWaterloo plaza, although one of the busier ones. Had sweet and sour chicken with rice.  Decent food, cheap, and served quickly.  The decor was also nice compared to surrounding restaurants but bathrooms are not clean and are stacked with trash, boxes and cleaning supplies.  Would go again for take out.
3	I heard they were a lot better couple years back, but now they they can't compare to some of the other restaurants in the plaza. They tried improve their menu a year ago and that has made things a bit better but they're still iffy in my books
4	You go to lunch at the plazaYou walk right by Chen'sMaybe you've made it all the way to Mel's or BK.Regardless of where you ended up, you will just ask yourself 'why didnt I just get Chen's'Then you will go to Chen's. And you will be Happy.
2	The food is oily and expensiveI think the prime reason why people come here is due to the locationOtherwise, there are many better places in the plaza to eat.
4	The food at Chen's authentic and freshly made to order. Its right next to Engineering 5 so its very convenient to students. Sweet and sour pork is a staple Chinese Canadian  dish. As a Chinese born Canadian, I've probably tried hundreds of different variations. The fact is, a lot of people manage to mess it up. Chen's made it right.This was the best sweet and sour animal I had in Waterloo so far. The dish radiated oily freshness. With every bite you could feel the crispiness in each piece of sweet animal.  The portions are generous leaving you full and overweight.
4	their fried rice and hofeng are good and very tasty, though quite oily. the servers are nice and the place is quite organized. not the best chinese place i've been in, but a better one in university plaza.
4	Quite good! I thought that good Chinese food in waterloo was unheard of until I went to Chen's. Always fresh and tasty and huge portions for the price. I would recommend the beef and green peppers with rice. The spicy pork with rice is tasty however it is WAY too spicy. I love spicy food but I ended up drinking over a litre of water with that combo. Next time,I'd ask for it to be mild.
1	No thanks. Ordered something, received something else and when I explained the mistake there was no apology nor did they try to rectify the situation. Food was a little oily for my taste and will not be coming back.
3	I'm not sure why people are complaining about the food being "expensive" when pretty much every item on the menu is under $12. I even got short ribs (which were delicious) on a sizzling plate for $12 when short ribs are $25 at the Korean restaurant next to Chen's. The food is good and definitely worth it MOST the timeSome tips:-Don't dine in with friends unless you want all your dishes to arrive at different spurts of time (sometimes up to 10 minutes apart) -I have found hair in my food ONCE (I eat here pretty often, ~1/week) so watch out for that-Do NOT order pad thai-it's horrible here-DO order the spicy pork! It's delicious! -Takeout can take up to 30min when it's busy-Free bbt after 5pm to dine in customers!
4	Chen's, probably the best Chinese food on campus. I usually order the chicken shanghai noodles which is quite good. It's probably the sauce they put in it , but it keeps bringing me back. For plaza food, its also a decent price of around $8 for a good amount of food. They also have free bubble tea after 5pm - it's not the greatest but hey, it's free.
