5	OMG! I FOUND MY BIRTHDAY DRESS @ Pink The Boutique! ...and THEN...I found another GREAT Birthday Dress that I loved... ;( but you can only have ONE BIRTHDAY DRESS! So not only was the staff sOOO helpful in my selection of which one would be perfect for the occasion, but the other customers too! Which says a lot about a store...I felt like a Birthday Queen should!They have super BRIGHT COLORS! Fun textures, patterns, and styles, everything the current trends are revealing! Can't wait to re-visit Pink!Birthday pictures soon-to-come!
1	i was trying to find a dress for an event this coming saturday so i stumbled upon this store because it looked really cool from the outside. as i enter, there was an elderly blonde woman who did NOT utter any hello or how are you whatsoever. i'm NOT trying to be on my high horse here but as i have worked for retail for 4 years, i was constantly trained to be bubbly and ALWAYS GREET THE CUSTOMERS. so i was a little bit turned off, i knew i would be treated like this from snobby boutiques because i was just wearing jeans and a sweater but i like to dressed relax while i shop just to test how a place customer service rank in my opinion. so i looked around and noticed their stuff isn't bad, i'll give it 4 stars. 2 minutes passed by and some woman came in and lo and behold, the sales lady light up greeting her w/ the biggest smile...i'm not sure if they knew each other or the customer was a regular but that really fuckn turned me off. she even went around the cash wrap to assist her client w/ a big smile the whole entire time. i definitely give it 1 star for customer service. it's a really cute boutique but no thanks.
4	Love love love pink! Better than Patty's Closet, hands down. If you're looking for a one time outfit to wear, this is the place to come. Affordable, chic and stylish. Don't be caught wearing the same dress at the club ;P
3	The clothing selection was pretty cute. I have to say when an older woman told me I might want to go up a size on a particular dress I was a little miffed. I would prefer to figure that out myself than some woman tell me to go up a size. The prices are cheap but so is the clothing. Honestly Forever 21 has better made clothing and at the same price or cheaper. As long as I hand wash my stuff from Forever 21 it lasts a season. Im pretty sure the chiffon dress I bought will last for one wear. I was a little annoyed that the dress was all wrinkly and not ready to wear. I found it odd that you would not steam the wrinkles out of clothing you sell.It is a cute shop though and I like the lay out. I just would not be back again or suggest it to any of my co workers.-Lots of accessories-Cute purses-not very many shoes
4	This store is great really cute clothes and reasonable pricing. The women who works there is very nice and helpful. I was gong in about once every two weeks....then one day another woman was there who called herself the manager or buyer....not sure but she is so very rude!! She is hardly ever in there thank goodness!! If I see her I guess I can come back when she is not in the store. She is the only reason I didn't give the 5 stars ;-)
4	This is a super cute boutique with awesome clothes. I was able to find a sweater and some leggings here for $60. Don't forget to check in or Instagram a pic of yourself in their clothes to get 10% off your purchase! My one complaint is that their pants are weird sizes...their skinny jeans were so skinny I couldn't get them over my muscles...maybe that's more my problem than theirs. Also, super cute faux leather coats but I felt like t-Rex in them, even the large was too small.
5	This is my favorite place to shop in Vegas- cute stuff and the owner is so friendly and helpful! I just wish the place was bigger!
5	A great boutique store in Boca park across from Kona grill . Lots of cute summer skirts and dresses. I scored two adorable skirts, a black cocktail dress,  a slimming casual dress and a beach cover-up.  All were between 30 and 40 dollars! DOH!  I missed the check in deal! Don't forget to check in before you finish your purchase!
4	This was my first time coming in here. Cute boutique located in Boca Park. They have a good selection of clothes and accessories. I came in looking for a studded bracelet and found exactly what I wanted. Jewelry was a little priceyer than Forever 21.  Clothes are also on the higher side. They have a cute loft area with sale items so don't miss it!  The salesperson Karen was super nice and friendly.  A nice change from most boutiques. Had a great experience here and will definitely be back!
