4	Again, thanks to Yelp, was able to look up the location of this store. The store is well organized, women's shoes on the left; men's shoes on the right. I found a few shoes that looked cool, but had no idea of how they would fit. The really nice girl working their said she could help me choose a shoe based on my walk. I've wanted to have someone examine my walk but never had the chance. After a few walks down the "runway" she gathered enough information to tell me that I, like most people, over pronate towards the inside. She showed me two shoes that would best help adjust for this. I tried them both and felt like I was gliding on air, but didn't really know which one felt better then the other. So, I kept switching shoes, walking around, trying one on each foot and walking some more, and so on. She was extremely patient because although they had already just closed (we got there 15 min before they closed), she didn't try to push one shoe. So after another 5 minutes, and way past closing, I picked one of the shoes. The overall experience was pretty good, the girl was extremely helpful and knowledgeable about shoes and I felt like I was getting a solid shoe that will help me run better at the gym. If you are looking for a good shoe, don't go to the "walking" store at the mall across the fwy. You'll get more selection and great service here.
3	After having lunch nearby, we walked in to New Balance just to check it out. The store is fairly small and very organized. It seems like the inventory on hand is very limited. I noticed some clearance shoes starting at $49. So that's exciting. The staff is very friendly and eager to assist. They also have some apparel which is neat.
5	I have difficult to fit feet, and sales rep Sarah was very helpful and encouraging.  Now I have very comfortable shoes, and my feet and I are quite happy.
5	Wifey recently bought some running shoes.  After wearing them for a day she noticed a spot rubbing her ankle.  Seemed like a mfg defect to us.  She took the shoes back and they immediately ordered her a new pair since since they didn't have a pair in stock.  She got a call in two days and picked up her new kicks without a problem.  Outstanding customer service.  We'll definitely do business with this store again.
