4	I'm a little surprised no one has reviewed this location yet.  Oh, well.  Now that would be me.I've enjoyed Jamba Juice for a while now.  It's nice to break from the usual fast food/convenience store beverage fare, and it's healthy, so what the hey, you know?I personally get the "Orange Dream Machine", an orangey, sherberty (my spell check is currently hating all of these new adjectives, but it's going to have to deal) concoction that has never failed to disappoint.  If I'm feeling particularly sassy, I might get one of their limited food options to go along with it, but normally I just get the drink.Granted, it's a little higher than the standard "McSoda", but it's not outrageous, and as I've said elsewhere, one sometimes has a need for fruity-fruity drinks, even of the non-alcoholic variety.Nice little stop-in to grab and go, and pretend that I'm continuing my part to eat better.
3	First- I love the fresh fruit smell walking through the threshold. It's uplifting.  Next- I dropped 2 stars because upon walk-in no one was there to greet. They were both in the back. The guy ringing had good eye contact but never once smiled. No great customer service. The kind to move through the motions of take cash and hand out order, that's it, on to the next. The drink took about the average wait- 3 mins but felt longer since there was no connection.  The drink tasted good but the only "boost" I got was a bored boost. :/Last- The plus is free wi-fi and they sell pirates booty. And they have a fairly large seating area. But who wants to stay in a boring vibe of wasted space.P.s. It might be different with a different set of staff
3	I love jamba juice over trop smoothies. I guess you can say its a so cal thing, since there arent trop smoothies there. This specific jamba really had not the worst, but slowest service ever. I walked in there and no employees to be found. Waited a few whole minutes til they finally came out. Even then, the service was kinda sad. No smiles from these people and not even an apology for keeping me waiting. They looked like they needed the boost more than I did. On the other hand, it must've been the hour I came in. I've been here previous times before and it wasn't this slow. *sigh bottom line is I'm a forgiving person but I believe great customer service should come at every hour of the day. Maybe then our live could fall into peace.As for what to get... When you do decide to come here or any other jamba, I'd suggest trying something you wouldn't always drink. Like my personal favorite; peanut butter mood! Just trust me on this one.. It's worth the slow service I had :)
3	went in after going to csn charleston campus, and had time to kill before my internship.there was nobody inside!!! thats rare for 930am, at least at any other jamba juice/tropical smoothie place i've been to. it took a minute for someone to come outside but she finally came out and took my order. got my usual aloha pineapple.as i was waiting i noticed they have california flatbreads!!!! after she made my smoothie i ordered a flatbread. one of the other employees walked in. i tipped because i felt bad for some reason. and they do the "tip, tip! hooray!" thing.pretty damn yummy! got the smokehouse chicken. very impressed that jamba juice is expanding their menu.
4	Love Jamba juice!! Stop in one day at 7pm ish and it was happy hour! Not sure if they still offer it but regardless I would still come in to get my fix! Try the WHITE GUMMY BEAR!
1	Out of all the jamba juice I've went to, this place has the worst service I've ever received ! They over flooded my drink and they just wiped it for me. Ask them if they can switch the cup for me and they just gave me the cup and walked to the back. I found that terrible service.
5	Awesome smoothies and excellent customer service. There is always a long queue at this location but the staff is efficient and friendly. Definitely recommend.
4	I'm new to "healthy juicing" and didn't know what a good thing Jamba Juice was until I tried their major competitor here in Las Vegas "Tropical Smoothie". Yikes, no estarle me gustan! Jamba Juice not only offers the tropical and healthy fruity smoothies but it also has a small (and hopefully growing) number of fruit and veggie smoothies which contain a full serving of both fruit and veg in every smoothie and are blended in such a way that you don't realize there is veg in the drink.Its very good. I'll be going there today. See you there!
2	Come on Jamba J, give me a mean green juice NOT from concentrate. I am waiting for you to make it fresh!
4	Something I recently discovered that I LOVE: Smoothies that taste like candy. And I don't mean super sweet smoothies that give you a toothache either. I mean smoothies that taste like specific candies, like white gummy bears and pink Starburst!Neither of these items are on the menu at Jamba Juice, but you can still order them, and the employees won't bat an eye.. In fact they usually tell me how much they like that 'secret' flavor, or mention which one is their personal favorite. There is just something fun about ordering something that isn't listed on the menu!In addition to fun secret flavors and friendly staff, I also really like the consistency of the smoothies I get at Jamba Juice. The location isn't really convenient for me, so I don't go often, but I am definitely a fan!
4	I go here for one reason: Wheatgrass shots. They make em fast, they don't grumble when you want a 4 oz shot, and they serve you with a smile. What more do you need?
3	Back and forth on this place and Tropical Smoothie. Definitely a good place for a quick snack or pick me up.
4	I love jamba juice :) fresh cool and refreshing any time of day. I have always gotten all fruit beverages even before they put it on the menu! Citrus squeeze no sherbet with extra strawberries yum. Well last time I got peaches instead which definitely didn't taste good haha. Or my other favorite strawberries wild no sherbet extra strawberries also known as the Strawberry whirl, definitely makes ordering easier. Always get the surveys because you get a free sixteen beverage with purchase of any other beverage so BOGO this is the only way i will come over and over because they are definitely overpriced.Diego is a pretty cool employee, always friendly and gets a smile every time he sees my boyfriends name on the ticket, also Diego :)
4	Same as any other Jamba Juice store: Friendly service, tasty and pricey smoothies.
4	My absolute second favorite place for smoothies, and coincidentally the second location we go to. This is a corporate store. Saw a promo online for gift cards, when you buy a certian amount in them, you get a free 16 oz. smoothie. The clerk said it didn't apply here because it was corporate, but the offer was still honored- sweet. So, we got a aloha pineapple- strawberries, strawberries & pineapple sherbet. Pretty tasty.  Menu is classic, in-season, tasty bites, fresh-squeezed juices, make it light, coffees & teas, boosts, shots, and frozen yogurt. Many choices here! Set-up is similar, square space, some seats, clean interior. Seems empty, most people take the smoothies to go, I suppose.Join the club as an "insider", website is user-friendly, and connect on facebook, pinterest, and twitter.
5	There aren't too many Jamba's in town, but I love to take a drive to take advantage of their bogo and $1 deals.  The location here is very nice, making it a one stop shop.  Service is excellent and very fast.  There is a little bit of seating inside and outside.  Parking is a plenty.
4	this location has gotten better with every visit customer service is a + !!
5	My absolute favorite place for smoothies and personally I love their oatmeal too. My only bad review is that they dont have many locations and that their not open 24hrs.  :-(
2	I wasn't going to even review this Jamba Juice since everyone I've been to has always been consistent, but man was I disappointed in the staff at this location.We walked in (Friday afternoon) and the person in front of us was buying a wheat grass shot.  I guess he didn't have enough money because the cashier covered the rest with money in the tip jar, but the customer didn't seem that appreciative.  So they get the guy a wheat grass shot and I'm ready to order, but the cashier has all his attention still on the guy with the wheat grass shot, even though his other co-worker is explaining if he needs a juice chaser.  So with one hand holding his cell phone, he gets our order.  My mom hands him a $50 for a total tab of almost $20 and he says he can't accept it. Instead of simply explaining it's a store policy, he tries to explain why, talking about counterfeits and what not. Here's a tip, don't make your customers feel like they are trying to pass counterfeit money lol.  So we pay with credit card and he hands us the receipt to sign with no pen and just stares at us.We get out smoothies and after a few more minutes our food, my mom's order is fine, mine is the wrong item.  A few more minutes and they correct it and everything tastes fine (which saved this from being a 1-star rating)I could tell this cashier had no sense of urgency as the line would get longer and longer and he'd seem distracted and not speeding up his pace at all.  After the line cleared and we were the only people left in the store, I could hear the staff dropping f and s bombs in the back.  OK I'm no saint when it comes to language, but it is not professional and NOT what I expect at Jamba Juice. I've been to several locations in Cali, Wisconsin, Texas, Florida and around Vegas and this was hands down the worst experience.  Did they not hire the happy enthusiastic employees for the day-shift or something?
3	Tried the veggie/fruit smoothies called apples n' greens and it tastes like yucky baby food.My southwestern chicken chorizo breakfast wrap on the other hand was hot and TASTY! (Unlike tropical smoothie where their "hot" items ate barely warm)
3	Jamba Juice is a good way to get a healthier snacking option in when you're craving something cold and sweet. I like that they have a wide variety to choose from, and make it easy to adapt the flavors to your palate and needs. The boosters rock, too :)
5	I frequent this Jamba Juice at least twice a week since I work down the street at meadows mall. Everyone is super friendly even early in the morning! I am not a morning person so it's nice that someone is happy to see me:) The chunky strawberry topper.... AMAZING!! It's pretty much a thicker version of a strawberry banana smoothie mixed with peanut butter, granola and flax seed topped with bananas. I always add a free shot of the energy boost. It sounds like an odd mix, but it's addictive once you try it!! It's an awesome breakfast alternative that keeps you full for hours. I freaking love it!They've got a loyal customer :)
1	Slowest Jamba Juice I have ever been to. Super long line with no one taking orders. They weren't very friendly either. Usually I'm used to being greeted when walking through the door at a jamba establishment. They were very slow at taking our order. And slow at making the food. They called our name, and the drinks were the only thing done, the sandwich was still sitting in it's wrapper next to the oven and the pretzel  hadnt been been put in either. She pushed the drinks at me and spilled the Macha green tea shot all over me. (I started writing this review earlier and it just went down to one star). Didnt say sorry about spilling it and then. After a few mins in an attitude she said sorry. We get our food, and they haven't even started to remake the drink she spilled all over. So I had to ask for them to remake it. Jamba Juice shouldn't take 35 mins. Ridiculous!Also more expensive than my usual places but that's probably because it's in Vegas.
2	Service too slow with four people working and only two customers. Drinks are delicious though!
2	If Jamba Juice is going to charge about $6 for a "medium" sized blended juice, they should give you a MEDIUM sized blended juice.  It seems as though their drink sizes have decreased in volume.  I was greeted as soon as I entered this place, but after that the teenaged female employees were kind of rude, and  they messed up my single drink order.  Two employees apologized, but both were not sincere.  It's too bad...if the value and service were better, I'd visit more often.  I know the Jamba on Craig is MUCH better!
3	While Jamba Juice is my favorite smoothie place in Las Vegas, this location has the dirtiest bathrooms. Worse than that- they give you a key connected to a spoon to access them - huge sanitation no no. Worse than a gas station bathroom. I will not return to this location.
3	Although this Jamba Juice is a bit dirty in their customer section, a great thing about them is that they have great customer service and really nice employees. Yet, their employees are pretty slow at making smoothies. When they have a long line, it takes a bit of a wait..but tier smoothies are pretty good FUN TIP: Unlike other JJ's, every time I ask for something on the secret menu, they know how to make it ;) I like asking for Fruity Pebbles & chocolate covered strawberries!!
3	Yelp 100 Challenge 14' * 19/100Spacious and sunny location, always a good thirst-quencher option on a warm day. Cute billboards lining the walls and to go plastic Kamba juice bottles to your right. I have never been too big a fan of Jamba Juice, mainly because mommy and I make our own smoothies at home...also, talking over multiple, loud blenders isn't exactly my cup of tea. The light mango a go-go was a refreshing option. Far from extraordinary but I liked its consistency. Says in one of the billboards that if you're 'not happy with your smoothie, we'll make you another one no charge'. Wouldn't complain about that policy!
3	Decent spot for drinks. Glad they finally joined the juice movement with veggies instead of just fruit, but somehow the kale-based juice I ordered the other day was still blended with a ton of ice and was more of a slush than anything else.Service was okay. Two male staff were fawning over a cute Asian chick when I walked in, and took their time getting to me. I got bare-bones communication to place my order and get my total. Extra star for having the LV Weekly and The Sunday stocked to grab on my way out.
4	I'm not a big smoothie person and definitely not healthy. When you go into this place it's bright and the menu is real big so you can choose. Since I love fruit and not veggies, I had to get one that fused them both. I've only been there once so I don't remember the name of it but it was so delicious. I recommend this for a smoothie stop
3	This Jamba Juice is okay 'tho I didn't realize that a Large sized Pomegranate Paradise cost $6.19 plus tax, where in California I thought it was less, but could be mistaken.The service here was okay and this is a good decently safe location with easy parking.The receipts they give usually has some sort of offer if you log onto their website and take a survey you get a special coupon code deal.  If you sign up for their email newsletter, the often send you special discounts and BOGO deals too, so their marketing department is pretty proactive dishing out worthwhile offers for discounts as a benefit for being engaged with the company
2	The smoothies are ok. My husband ordered an Artisan flatbread. They gave him the wrong one and it tasted horrible. The workers seem friendly enough. We probably won't be giving our business to jamba juice again.
4	service was great
5	For some reason, this location's Acai Super Antioxidant Smoothie is sooo much sweeter than any other location I've visited.  Other than that, their employees were fast and friendly during my visit.  I'll probably come here again.
2	Called ahead for two large smoothies and placed my order with an efficient male employee. About 10 minutes later I arrived and waited at the counter for about 15 minutes before anyone even comes out of the back. It's a female employee and she's glaring at me like she wants to kill me. Thankfully the drinks were ready (although messy and dripping everywhere) and the transaction was conducted without a single word being said by her. Where was the other employee? Who knows. Why was she so pissed off? Who knows. Maybe I interrupted an 'employee meeting' or something. Anyways, good drinks like any Jamba, just be prepared to be treated like a pile of dog doo on someone's doorstep.10/30/14 @8:29am
1	I went in to use the Groupon for Jamba Juice. At first they said I couldn't use the groupon for juice, only smoothies. After I corrected them, they charged me .50 for tax. Then they said that the groupon was only good for $7.00 even though it said $12.00 and the girl had me mark it redeemed. Horrible customer service and the juice wasn't that great either. Probably not going back.
