1	Talk about some crappy customer service... went in there today and there was a guy waiting at the register to pay for his stuff, no one was to be found anywhere... after 10 mins or so, we couldn't find what we were looking for. When we were walking out the poor guy was still standing there and no one helped him. I personally would have just left. My husband wanted to say something but we were in a hurry. there were 3 workers all in the back chit chatting and gossiping. And one standing outside smoking... Really? Get to work! you don't get paid to stand around and have customers wait on you. Petsmart is way better than this place and they actually care about their customers, so don't waste your time coming here.
1	Not a great grooming department & customer service stinks.Firstly, I called to make an appointment at  the grooming department about 2 weeks in advance and ask that the main groomer tend to my cat because this would be his first time at the groomers. They agreed and I set up the appointment. Upon entering the grooming area the groomers were all outside smoking and no one was at the desk. I waited for about 15 minutes and then I went outside and asked to speak to someone regarding getting my cat groomed.After they came in we discussed grooming and agreed on getting him an oatmeal bath, nail clipping, and trim. I had asked that he recieved a lion cut due to the Vegas heat. I was quoted an hour for the entire service so I was excited about the time due to the  fact I would be able to pick up groceries while he was being pampered. But before I left I noticed that here was some non-needed loud dryers going on in the back room (which had no animals in it). I asked that they only use the dryers when needed due to the fact that he is scared of loud noises, they ignored my request and tried to take him to the back. He of course would have none of that and they had to turn them off anyway.When I arrived back to pick him up he was just then getting dried. Another hour later they said he was done (2 1/2 hrs so far). They put him in his carrier before I saw him so I assumed he was done as we had discussed, payed them a pretty penny for the work, and went home. When I got home and took him our of the carrier I found that half of the agreed upon services were not completed. He had no lion cut, had danrif all on his fur, and his nails had been jaggly done. Needless to say I will not use their grooming services again.In addition to the bad grooming services, this Petco has awful customer service in store. The cashiers are rarely avaliable up front and if you have questions or need anything you have to wonder around the store for some time to find someone. I personally refrain from going to Petco and instead reccomend Petsmart.
5	hey N LV yelpers!came here yesterday to pick up my teacup yorkie puppy new toys. :))This location is nearest to me. I'm a huge fan of petco's 2 for $5 toys. My puppy loves getting new toys and with petco's great deals... I can afford to pick up new toys often. I also found a steal at the markdown bin... a nylabone product for $4.Customer service is great! Peggy one of the workers there was really nice. We talked a lot about yorkies.I walked out with a bag of nylabone's denta bones + toys + nylabone teething bone and a happy puppy.I'll def come back here for all of Ebi's needs. -Miss Yelp 2011
3	After we adopted our kitties I visited this Petco a few times to price food and litter. Not really impressed with the store. It also always smells funny. However, after we had to switch them to a limited ingredient diet I found that this store was a good stopgap. It is close to our house and has a small selection of some of the grain and gluten free food which I cannot find at the other pet store.
1	I was there today and there was only one person running the store. After 15min trying to find what I needed with no help I went to the check stand and there was a former employee complaining with a store associate about how bad it was to work there and that she had quit her job there, and I just wanted to buy my stuff and leave but the only checker was busy with another customer. Point is there are people who really want to work for this company and do a great job, but when employers become picky and will only hire because of  your looks or your friends or employees with benefits, the business will suffer badly.  This Petco is dying a slow death because of very bad business practices. It wont do any good to contact the EEO about this, they just turn the other way. Sorry Petco you've lost my business permanently!
1	The toys and bones were not for me! I'm a high class hound and deserve the supreme.I ain't barkin' around!
2	I came here due to needin a new better litter box. Right before here I went to PetSmart just to compare prices OMG this petco is DOUBLE prices for same exact litter boxes other store offers. I find that insane. Other then that.... It's a nice store, people are friendly- enough. But definitely will price compare before buying from here!!
1	Horrific.Went in looking for a new bird cage. As I walked in, there were 4 employees standing around by the door and not one greeted me. Not one asked if I needed any help. By the time I picked out the cage I wanted (which was rather large and heavy)- not one employee offered to help as I brought it to the register. Once at the register, not one employee was in sight. I stood there for some time. One of the groomers saw me and continued to groom her dog. A couple more minutes passed and then she looked over at me again... and this time finally called to get an employee to the register.Once the employee was at the register, he was actually pretty rude. But he did finally ask if I needed some help. At this point I really didn't need it since I knew I was going to be buying a large cage so I parked close. I declined the offer and then he gave a snarky remark along with a mumble under his breath.What the hell was/is their problem?! Now I know why I never go into this dump. Dump? Yea, it's also dirty.Go to Petsmart instead. I've never had a problem with their service.
1	Walked up to the door a half hour before posted store closing time. The girl at the door looks out and tells me they're closed. Thanks for nothing.
4	Knowledgable and caring staff.  well stocked and neat.
4	We have changed our cat food to all grain-free due to allergies. They carry Blue Buffalo brand, and we really like their dry for her. We were surprised at how many different canned food brands they carry as well. Brittany was very friendly and cheerful as we checked out.
