2	If you're looking for a dive bar without the skeeze layered on thick, consider this gem. I know, why call it a dive if there aren't painted-up hussies propped on bar stools and you're not afraid to contract something lasting from touching the bathroom features? Because it's more like that neglected house down the street owned by the Cat Lady that has chipped paint and an overgrown yard, but when you stop there on Halloween she always has those awesome popcorn balls. Or that ottoman that's a little frayed around the edges and is patched with duct tape to keep the upholstery skirt on, but it's the comfiest damn foot rest. Despite the looks, the bar is a local watering hole that attracts your quirky neighbors. Someone brought in the pelt of a javelina they'd shot the day prior to show it off to his buddies. Ever seen one of those ugly things up close? You just might get the chance if you decide to check it out. Chuy's two doors down will serve as a neon-lit mecca for mass consumption, while Baseline Pub will remain the watering hole in the wall that's a little more mellow and a little rougher around the edges.Happy hour is twelve hours long, from ten to ten, so they don't really have any drink specials, but the prices are cheap so that's not really an issue. Plus there's the requisite pool tables that every good dive has, so you've got something to occupy your time in addition to conversation with the locals.The down side is that the mixed drinks are a bit on the weak side, so stick with beer. The music selection kind of sucks at times, with either country western or classic rock playing. (Cross your fingers for the classic rock.) The waitresses are pretty inattentive as well, so make sure there aren't any lapses in conversation, because silence sure drags long without something to quench your thirst.
3	It shocks me that this place hasn't been reviewed yet. It's been a staple in the Mill/College/Baseline community for a long time now.BSP is one of those places where you go, you like it, but you realize something is missing and you just don't know what it is.I still don't know what it is and I first went there in 2002.The inside is very nice, tvs are situated nicely around the tables, food is okay and there is outdoor seating. I never find myself going here to watch games though or even to go grab a meal.I was here for an ALCS game in 2004 and it was the most packed I've ever seen it. I haven't seen it that way since, not even for football.Now I go in on a very irregular basis because various softball teams I played on have had their post games here. I notice on weeknights it has somewhat of a Cheers atmosphere. Regulars sitting up at the bar who know waitresses (who also double as bartenders) by name. I think the inside might just be too luxurious though. Furniture looks more like a restaurant and I think the average sports fan (and this is a sports bar) likes more of a dive bar feel.I couldn't understand why Doc & Eddy's, which is right up the road, gets far more patrons for sporting events. It's a more divey bar with similar food. I know it's got more to do with it than having pool tables and air hockey.The Woodshed is also walking distance to the west. I think BSP just toes the line between casual restaurant and sports bar and that might be what's hurting it. Looks like a place you might take your girlfriend for dinner rather than your buddies for a playoff game.It's so well situated between Kiwanis park and numerous apartment complexes that it should be far more popular during game times. I've just been in far too many times when people at the bar exceed people at tables. I still can't put my finger on it...
5	the pub. my favorite place to go to happy hour. the drinks are strong and cheap and the company is great. All of the bartenders are on a first name basis with most customers and are genuine and awesome. Service is always spot on and the drinks are the same. some have said its a locals only type place which majority is locals but anybody can come to the put and have an awesome time. love love love the pub!!
5	The Baseline Pub is awesome.  I have been coming here for some time and I am always satisfied.  Now this place is a total dive bar, yet it has all of the intangibles:  a hot bartender, good music, thick drinks and a cast of regulars that belong on a TV show.  The pub is ringed by hi-def flat screens.  They have a wide variety of sports on all day and they will be carrying the NFL package this season.  There are 3 pool tables that you can usually get on without much of a wait. Electronic darts, Golden Tee Live and Big Game Hunter also available. Happy hour is pretty much all day long, you can get a tall Goose and tonic for $5.50 and the beer is pretty cheap too.  They have several running specials on Jerimiah Sweet Tea etc., but I just stick with Vodka.  Even at night the prices are more than reasonable.  Stop by for a few and get to know the Pub.
5	One of the greatest places to have a beer and meet good people.
5	The best little Dive Bar in Tempe!!!! HAPPY HOUR MONDAY THRU FRIDAY 10-7. Pooltables, Darts, and a Ping Pong Table.Juke box and Ice cold BEER!!! Come join the fun!!!!!
4	Great sports bar! Really friendly service and clientele. The quesadillas are slammin!
4	Best service in the world at Baseline Pub. The locals are the coolest. The Bartender Beth is the best. The Wings next door are the Bomb!
4	I enjoy this place so much... I am a hole in the wall kinda bar goer, and this place is fantastic, pool, darts, and good times are always had
3	Run of the mill Dive bar.  They don't have menus, but you can order from the adjacent Chinese place and they deliver. The Chinese food is damn good!  Pool tables are worn and uneven but playable.  Mixed crowd of all ages coming and going... Its a gerat place to stop and just get a drink or two.  Wouldn't recommend it as an all nighter. The bar snack of choice is shelled peanuts.
4	I'm used to the cringe-worthy bar tabs that can be accrued while bar hopping in Tempe. After frequenting Baseline Pub on several occasions with my friends, I've been pleasantly suprised by their inexpensive drink selection and shot prices. This bar is a great dive. TV's, darts, pool tables, cool bartenders, great drink prices and always a fairly lively crowd. Not much else I can ask for.We stopped by the other night for my friends' birthday and I ordered a round of a very specific shot. When the shots arrived, it was easy to deduce that the bartender didn't know how to make the ones I asked for. I was happy to order another round of the correct mix, but she comp'd the round for us and kept the peanuts coming! We'll definitely be coming back soon.
2	"She's new, go easy on her" said the other waitress. An hour-and-half later, the food we ordered was delivered--but not all at once... to our party of nine. The food was typical for a bar so my 2 stars ought not reflect upon that. The only redeeming quality of this place is that it had no sign prohibiting firearms.
3	Pretty small bar, had a few beers at the bar and played a few rounds of pool. I went during the late afternoon. I only went it because a friend invited me to drink a few with her. other than that I dont really want to go on my own.  seemed cool, pretty relaxed place.  But any place that has at least 2 or more tables is OK with me..
3	If you ever wonder what kind of bar the bros and other jerkoffs in your high school would go to, this is the answer. I love the fact that they have cheap drinks and that it's walking distance from my house, and that there is a steady amount of legit nice locals from the area that frequent the bar. I can't stand the douchy jukebox and the Ed Hardy aggro steroid crowd it attracts. I know it's not really the Pub's fault so they get 3 stars. If you're in walking distance and wanna grab a few cheap drinks check it out, but if you're looking for a Saturday night ritual replacement joint, skip it.
4	Welp this place is a good bar to time travel at.  And when I say time travel I mean that the drinks are cheap and you will most likely have an AWESOME time with friends or the perhaps the locals that frequent the place.  They have a ping pong table in the back which is awesome to get the blood and competitive blood moving.  The bar is a bit on the smaller side but who's not already used to rubbing elbows at a bar.  Because of the cost of drinks though, fratty type dudes bring their packs and on occassion it does turn into a testosterone ridden slump which I think the ladies sometime like.  Overall, with a group of fun loving booze worthy friends this place is definately a fun destination!
5	Awesome
5	Great dive bar! Great people! Tempes best dive bar!
5	My
3	Peanut shells at your feet. Loce this type of bar feel. Darts. Billiards and golden tee. YES !
3	I don't have much to say. My friend left me waiting here for her because she was late getting out of ASU. It was pretty dark, kinda divey, but the beer was CHEAP as heck so I had one...or two. Didn't eat anything or look at any menu. A bit musty for that. Bartender was fine, but it was early evening and not too many people around.
5	Awesome bar, very friendly local spot, plays great music and has darts, pool, golden tee, etc... They have free peanuts and popcorn as well! Camey is an awesome bartender, would definitely come back again!
2	Sold me drinks before close and rushed me out. Don't sell me drinks if you are going to be rude and rush me out of your bar
