4	Two days ago at my annual "lady doctor" visit,  a cyst was found on my thyroid. Had some bloodwork done, then was sent next door to AZ Tech Radiology to have a Thyroid Ultrasound.Let's see . . . It was easy to schedule an appointment, and the front desk staff was very personable, unlike most places I've been to. Tammy the tech was friendly enough. I'm not sure about any of the other locations, but I had a good experience here.
5	It's sad when people at the radiology place know you by first name after a year of surgical hell. Came back here in February for MRI and CT scans in the pursuit of figuring out what was happening with my back. Erm, kidney. Hah. As always, appointments were easy to schedule, and everyone was polite and helpful. Got results back super fast. Will was my MRI tech. Funny dude, too bad I was mega cracked out on sedatives and couldn't interact with him a little more. James did my CT with IV contrast. In and out a lot quicker than the MRI.Again, good experience overall . . . but honestly, what person in their right mind likes being trapped in a tube for hours or feel like you're pissing yourself while being pumped full of dye?! No issues with billing and insurance, either.Recommended. And hope to have no reason to come back here for a long, LONG time!
3	Wish people would listen. I have had a ultra sound done and a CT scan done. The only complaint I have is the office staff miss communicating with doctors. Under my poor insurance 3 out of the x number of doctors are covered. Low and behold the doctor to review my results was not one of the ones and I have now a $959 bill to pay for lab work. The ultra sound was showing I had all kinds of ailments that would require surgery, then I got a follow up CT scan and was told everything was fine. The Ultra sounds are not as accurate. However I still get to pay for both regardless of the results. The staff and technicians are excellent the equipment is current and everyone is very well trained. Again only complaint is communication between billing, insurance and doctors.
1	Worst place. Staff is horrible and rude. Always rescheduling me.
3	Nice techs once you get back.  Waited well over an hour.  Each time I have an appt the wait gets longer. Still waiting.  The local newspapers date back 7 weeks!  At least have current reading material.  Think I'll bring War and Peace for my next visit.  Still waiting.  Tech apologized profusely.
1	terrible customer service from people who should probably be only working for mcdonalds. went to pay a copay including my bill and credit card and was told to sit and wait for the 15 customers waiting to be called for their scans completing their paperwork. after 15 minutes i left the building never to return and instead will give SMIL all my business. i probably would have had about 45 minutes to wait just to pay a bill. no thanks.
1	So I arrived at the Radiology place at 3:20 (they asked that we sign in at 3:30 for 4pm appointment) - I was checked in.. I sat there and sat there and sat there... at 4:45 the receptionist says,"has anyone taken you back?"me: nopereceptionist: did they tell you they were running late?me: nope...then she looks at my paperworkThe manager at the radiology place called me back about 5 minutes later and informed me that they didn't have the knee brace thingie that would fit around my knee - we tried the one he did have.. no go.. he also told me the table that they put us on for the test is stuck at 2 1/2 feet high.. I'm 5'2" and both legs are hurt (1 with cellulitis the other knee is the one we were testing for tears)Apparently the knee brace thing that would fit me has been out for "repairs" for 3 months? huh? You telling me I'm the only plus sized woman you've had to do an Open MRI for in that long? I was a little skeptical but I kept it to myself as usual.. In the back of my mind I wondered if they were making up this "story" to avoid starting an open MRI at 4:45pm when they office closes at 5pm.. but that's the cynic in me.. I put my weight on my paperwork... no one looked at it and went.. OH CRAP.. we don't have that plus sized knee thingie! Send her home.. or find somewhere that does.. no they made me wait and ignored me.. the woman who has been extremely anxious about this test for days since she couldn't make it through the closed mri.I walked out the door.. called my Uber.. and cried.. I was MAD - adding insult to injury - ignore me for over an hour then tell me you can't complete the test because the apparatus for bigger people is out for repair?.. I understand machines break.. trust me.. I've dealt with them but this wallflower is just upset she was made to feel like some freak. *sigh* I'm sure they didn't mean anything by it.. it's more of a drop in communication.. but not a good experience. Even my experience with the closed mri was much more friendly and gentle. Here it was sorry lady. you are too short and too fat to take a test here.. let's send you to the one that's 30 miles out! bahI will not be back.
