4	The best place to go if you are trying out for the first time. The first visit is only $39 plus tip. If you like after first try, they will ask you to join their 6 month membership for $49 plus tip. They weren't so busy when I first started going there but now they had gotten busy so you need at least 2-3 days to book an appointment. The nice thing is they even open late 10pm.
4	Ok its not a fancy palm springs scottsdale santa monica spa, but hell it does the trick. They always take same day appointments and they do the trick.. The staff is nice and dont make you uncomfortable ... Its ashame it has a negative review .. It's not your total spa experience but still, its not dingy or dark .. and its not in a creepy strip mall, its right next to the chipotle, the property is still new and good shape... Anyhow I was relaxed after my massage. I love that they are open late, and they are 49 bucks plus tip....
1	was not impressed at all! I have had many massages and this one was by far the worst I almost felt like I had walked in to a clinic, Heres your paperwork fill it out and we will be with you shortly, In fact its even set up like a clinic all together. My massage was not great it was very basic like someone just learning in school. I didnt even feel relaxed not to mention the ladys hands were ice cold and she stopped every minute to pump more lotion out of her fanny pack that also was rubbing against my head at certain point. why they dont use massage oils kind of boggles my mind. I gave her the benefit of the doubt though thinking maybe she has just got done with school but her license said 2007! its 2013! I also dont like they have what is expectede to tip posted everywhere. I work for tips for a living myself tips are based on customer service and your experience. Very unproffesional to me. Then when I went to pay I get this long sales speech ....I really dont want to hear it then they throw it out there if you ever try to go to any massage envy it will be $98 you will not recieve any discounts. Well dont worry I will never be returning or tell anyone to go here. I was looking for somewhere closer to my house than I usually drive but you guys have me convinced the 20 minute drive is worth it!
1	My first massage that I had there I thought was pretty good, I decided to become a member therefore was locked in with them for 12 months.  The next couple of massages were not enjoyable at all.  They were late for my appointment, therefore my massage time was cut short. I finally found a therapist that I liked, but then she quit after a few months I was there.  My last massage was awful, the therapist was rough and she reeked like cigarette smoke. My membership was done on November 2013, I was in there for a massage and notified the person at the front desk that I would like to cancel my membership (must give a 30 day notice). She told me that I would receive some kind of e-mail from the manager and to look out for it (never received anything).  I was told my last bill would be the beginning of December.  I found that I was billed in January. I contacted the office and was told they had "no record" of me giving notice.  I was NEVER told that I had to give them something in writing, nor did the lady at the front desk ask for this when I told her I wanted to cancel - I would have done it, I was right there.  The manager calls me and tells me that I need to provide something in writing, I immediately e-mailed her with the request. She responded stating that she would e-mail me back some paperwork to sign, promised me it that day.  NEVER received it.Not only am I not getting my money back for being charged in January, I can't even get the paperwork to cancel. WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER. Would NEVER recommend this business to anyone.
1	Not very big, or fancy place.  The pricing is totally designed for their membership program.  It's set up like this: $49 intro rate, then $59 a month for one massage, and a discounted rate if you get another one.  If you don't join and go back, its $98.  This place is not a $98 massage place, the location, design or staff.  Now, there could be some good therapists on staff who only want to massage part time, which is why they work there, but most are not worth $98 an hour.  The most I have ever paid for a massage was $80 and included a spa treatment, and was a heck of a lot nicer than Massage Envy!It's very weird to have a front desk person so involved in the experience, but it's because they are there to sell you the membership, and some can be really persistent.  I guess if you travel a lot and always want a place for a massage, Massage Envy could work for you.  They have evening and weekend hours which is great, but . . . that's about it.My own massage here wasn't that great, and it wasn't even a full hour, it was 50 minutes.  I asked for a full body and she didn't even touch most of the front of my body.  I tipped---the signs about it everywhere are tacky---but I wish I hadn't.  I also wish I had spoken up and said it was a terrible massage, but I just wanted to be out of there.Insider info says they only care about getting membership; they hope you'll sign up, pay, and not come in, because either way, they get your money.I won't be going back to Massage Envy, there are far better spas in Madison and surrounding areas.  The lower price is part of their selling point, but when it's your body and you want to relax, trust me its worth spending more and investing in a good/better/best massage experience.
1	If you like to hear, "We are booked" in an unpleasant and dismissive tone, then Massage Envy is for you.  It has been months since I have been able to get an appointment within the same day or the following day with any therapist.  I agree with the other reviewers that some of the massage therapists are horrible and reek of cigarette smoke.  I had three therapists who would not shut the hell up during the massage even though I politely just answered their questions and didn't try to engage in conversation.  I get a massage to relax and escape from my job, not to discuss it or worse, their job!  There are two positive aspects of this company.  There is an excellent massage therapist (Charles) who doesn't apparently smoke, gives a great massage, and is very nice.  If you are stuck in a contract with Massage Envy, work with him.  The other positive is that there was a very friendly front desk person that I believe may have been promoted to manager.  Unfortunately, his friendliness has not extended to who is at the front desk most days.  The employees who answer the phone or greet you seem to have had the life sucked out of them.  Are the customers so bad that you are THIS miserable?  I doubt it.  I wish someone could tell them that a smile goes a long way. In any event, if you can look pass the front desk people and are willing to schedule enough days in advance with Charles, then I can recommend it, but absent those two considerations, you would do much better to save your money or spend it on a more professional establishment.  Incidentally, Massage Envy has recently been purchased by new owners (about September of 2014), but there has been no noticeable difference.  I know that they have been bought out because my massage therapist wouldn't shut up about it during my massage.
