5	I was privileged to be the first customer of this brand new buffet, this morning!  It's very nice inside, with both booths & tables, & they hit the ground running with about 125 food items, plus sauces & dressings.The food was pretty much what you expect at the largest Chinese Buffets, but there were some great surprises, such as the amazingly good Stuffed Chicken, the Bacon Broccoli, & the Crab Stuffed Shrimp.  Everything else was tops, too.  For instance, the Mongolian BBQ included delicious (expensive) Chinese Snow Peas, & the superior presentation of the "regular" items, such as Kim Chee (zingy, but not TOO hot) wasn't lost on me, either.There was a good selection of just-made Sushi, plenty of desserts, & the staff members were just precious.  On top of all this, they had all of their ducks in a row on this very first morning in business.  (Take note, Pacific Seafood, Glendale!).This wonderful place rises all the way to the "Top 10" for me!Open 10:30 AM.  Lunch Buffet $7.49/$6.75 Sr.
4	Well we have another good Chinese super buffet in the valley and it is pretty good. They offer a few taste treats you do not see at the other Chinese buffets like bacon wrapped shrimp,stuffed chicken,steak kabobs,Polish sausage grilled and bok choy all of which were real good.The service is quick and friendly and the place is clean. So Yay I am a fan. With all these new super buffets opening up they just keep getting better and better, one year ago I would have given them 5 stars but now there is to many good Chinese super buffets to give them all 5 stars,but this place is close the food is good and you will leave HAPPY.
2	It was my hubby's decision to try this buffet.  They remodeled the Big Fat Greek Restaurant, ok.  My hubby has been sick after eating here.  And 4 days and counting.  =(  The only thing he tried that I would not was the clams.  Seafood at a buffet place has always been a no no in my book.  The rest of the chicken, beef, pork, etc dishes were ok.  Nothing special.  Some steaming trays were left empty, they did not refill food.  The service was outstanding (that is why 2 stars).  Try at your own risk!  Steer clear of the clams.
3	Main reason for coming here is they have Mongolian BBQ.  The only place in west Phoenix that offers this specialty. And it's delicious. They also have a variety of shrimp, seafood, and meat dishes. My Favs are chow mein, bacon wrapped shrimp, walnut prawns, egg custard tarts,and BBQ pork.  Priced right! Overall if you are looking for a buffet this is pretty good.
4	We went on a Saturday night and the place was pretty full. They had everything you would expect to see at a Chinese buffet. I only had the sushi, but it was really good. The crab legs were just ok; definitely not fresh, but not terrible. I did notice a couple of empty trays, but I also noticed that the servers were bringing out new trays all the time.  Service is quick and polite. Desserts were awesome. It was a little loud, but not obnoxious. I will be going back :)
2	This place started out well when it opened.. But they start doing what all other new buffett places do, by starting to "cut back" by not preparing fresh food as often, and restocking less often, especially for their "costlier" items.  Lin's down the street, on the other hand, do a great job of keep their standards up!  Hence the lines out the door whenever you drive by!
2	Buffet used to be our favorite chinese spot on our side of town that was until we came on a Monday night.  The service is good and the options and selection is good.  This place has Mongolian BBQ, Sushi, and all the typical Chinese Buffett fair.  It is pretty clean for the most part.  They do not replace items as much as I think they should so I find that some of the food taste lets just say not so fresh.  If you go here go on the weekend and use a coupon.  They have pretty cheap beer so I suggest getting one of those too.  I would also suggest only going on the weekend or when they are busy because they do not replace the food at all on the weekdays when its not busy.  They let it sit there until it gets eaten.
1	Smell terrible from the minute you walk in. Facilities are clean, but the food is terrible. Chicken, beef, and pork dishes are not hot. Plus the food has bland taste. Egg rolls were cold and are lacking ingredients. I am not very picky when it comes to the restaurants I eat at; there is something I can generally find good to eat. But this was the worst food I have ever ate. I would save your money and eat at any other establishment in that area.
3	Food here is okay, and they keep the selection fresh by rotating their offerings. Sunday is crab day! The wait staff are jackasses, but at least you don't need to deal with them too much. Prices on Sunday are ridiculously high, go if you're starving and can eat your money's worth.
1	We went on a Sunday night 1-15-2012 for my wifes birthday and I will not likely go back.  I had been there twice for lunch and it wasn't bad, however my experience last night was horrible.  Most everything I tasted was bland and no egg foo young.  What chinese food buffet doesn't have that item as a staple food on their menu.  Won Ton soup, with only liquid in the pot, nothing else.  As I said before, the food was mostly pretty bland and even the hot and spicy dishes were not very spicy at all.  Too top it off, not looking at the prices before I sat down, two meals and one ice tea, $28.08 which was ridiculous for the quality of food we ate.  Taco Bell or Subway would have been a much better choice, or Lin's which has never been disappointing.  NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	I enjoyed the pleasure of being the first customer ever here, back on Nov. 24th, '10.  Lately it's been getting low ratings, & my previous 5 Star review of it brought me a flame from a fellow Yelpite, so I thought I'd better get back over here & see what I was recommending!     :-OWell, it's not all so bad!  Upon entry, I received a cheery greeting from cute little Ms. China with her cute little pony tail & her cute little...Sorry...  Let's get on with the review.     :-)Some of the 5 Star qualities this time:*  Pretty restaurant inside with a very comfortable ambiance.*  Temperature, lighting, acoustics, including soft Chinese music, all just right.  Lots of customers, but not lots of noise carrying around.*  Serving area laid out well to handle the crowd.  (Want a nightmare?  Go to Sweet Tomatoes in Tempe!)*  Friendly, 'just-right' table service. *  Lady buzzing around the serving area regularly making sure all the food was kept properly stocked up, stirred, etc.  Excellent!*  Big selection of 124 food choices, not including toppings.*  A good selection of attractive Sushi.* A good Mongolian style BBQ offering 4 meats & plenty of veggies & fruit.  My plate was delicious!*  Some other stand-out delicious dishes today included the Seafood Salad & the Broccoli Salad, with it's chicken breast meat & peanuts!*  The reason there are no Won Tons in the Won Ton Soup is that they keep them fresh in a steam kettle next to the chicken broth!==================Ok, there was some subfivestarness, by today's high standards set by competitors such as Crazy, Pacific Seafood & Hibachi, for examples:*  Food mild overall, & arguably under spiced.  I like lots of zest, but to say it was "blah" is a little too critical, I think.  I feel sure some of their (many) customers think everything here is just right.  My "flavoring up" the food more would apply to:*  The Hot & Sour Soup.*  The Kim Chee.*  The Egg Foo Young gravy.*  The fried chicken wings.*  The only so-so soft-serve ice cream, & cones only, no Sundae fixings.  The new standard for a 5-Star Chinese Buffet is 6+ flavors of REAL ice cream, & maybe soft-serve too.  (Crazy Tempe gives you TEN total!)SO, this one drops down to 4 Stars, but it's NOT 2 STARS by any means!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet $7.99/$7.19 Sr.
5	Friendly, during busy time the food is always fresh.
1	This was the worst meal we have had in a long time. The food was cold on the inside. Not sure why because you could see steam coming from the warmer but it was. No flavor and incredibly over priced. Two meals and 3 drinks ( had our 3 year old) and it was almost $30. When we questioned the food we were told "she says it is fine". Not sure who she is but we asked to speak to the manager. The server left and came back telling us that the "boss lady" is not here. We again asked to speak to the person in charge and her response was the same. She finally asked if we would talk to a guy working there.  He tried to say the food was so cold because of the a/c. We payed for the drinks and left. Will never even consider going back. Just hope we don't get sick.
1	My husband and I were around the area and couldn't decide where to eat .I was in the mood for some variety and also wanted some crab legs so we stopped in. The cost was $11.99 per person which was a bit higher than other buffets in the few mile radius. But I was hoping it was because they were gonna have a great selection. We arrived at 7:30 pm and the dining room was about a third full. All the food trays were not full (not even half full) and the food looked like they had been sitting there for a while. I was just still looking forward to my crab legs though. Well the crab tray was never full and when it was replenished, they only brought out about a pound at a time. Let me tell you I wasn't the only person eyeing the new trays brought out,but I was the farthest from the buffet table. So I didn't get as much as wanted..just a couple legs. The majority went to a table of 4 big young men who had the eyes of a hawk and speed as fast as lightening. Oh well..So I told my husband he could pick the next place for us to eat at, even if it is fast food ...which I despise. We won't be going back here but I still wasn't able to leave China City Super Buffet behind after I left. My stomache started hurting on the drive home...
1	Yuck! Food old and service was terrible! Dont try askin for sushi the wont make it for you with out a bad attitude. Will not return!
1	I agreed with Gary K. (his description is right on the money). This place is mediocre at best. Much better selection at Hibachi grill or Lin's Garden.
1	I give it 1star because the crab cakes were horrible and smelt nasty & tasted disgusting.the waitress said it was normal but how! please fix.
2	Sub-par food.  My mom found a mosquito in her food.  That was enough for us.  On a bonus - the mommy in me - They have a baby changing station in the bathroom.
1	Absolutely terrible! First sign of trouble was weceaited in front almost 10 minutes and finally just seated ourselves.  Flagged down an employee and told them (4) for buffet and ordered drinks.  We normally look at buffets to see what they have, bit we had been running around fir hours and were hungry so "figured" it would be good...it was a Chinese buffet, we should be able to find decent food eh?  I mean, the China Buffet in Surprise is good spool...we took a risk, and lost, BIG TIME.   Food tasted lukewarm, sweet and sour chicken "rubbery"and sauce "watery."  Took forever for drink refills, desserts tasted stale.  Nothing good to say about it!  Went with husband and our (2) teenage sons, they all barely ate.  After about 20 minutes of picking at our food ended up going to Jack in the Box after wasting about $40 here...(2) enthusiastic thumbs down!
2	So I think the time of closing posted on the front door was 10PM...we arrived at 8PM...that's a kinda normal dinner hour right? Well most of the food was gone, the only thing I saw them refill was the lo mein...Meats tasted burnt and/or overly smoked. Salmon was so dry, it was enough to almost cut the inside of my mouth. The hot and sour soup was not only lacking in flavor but also smelt like a dirty foot just walking out of the gym.The only thing I really enjoyed was the kimchi. It was the best I've had in a LONG time.The sushi was OK...at least it was cold I guess.Probably around 8:30PM all the staff sat down in the dining room to eat, I mean EVERYONE...cooks, waiters, hosts and hostesses...leaving all the customers to pretty much fend for themselves. We sat for prolly around 10 minutes waiting for our check to be brought to us. For 2 dinners, one soda and one water, it was almost $30!!! Are you kidding me?? Especially when most of the food was gone and so old that it looked shriveled up and nasty??? The kimchi isn't worth coming back to this place...Nothing is worth coming here...
3	The food and selection are reliably good if you go when they first open or when they are ramping up for dinner. Never at the end of lunch or dinner. It's all just leftovers by then. Mostly old n' cold..We went to the Avondale location Sunday night with some out of town friends. We had our handy 15% coupon that they distribute liberally in the local mail. When we went to pay they had forgotten to give us the discount.. When we told the cashier that  they had forgotten she asked for the coupon. We told her that they had taken the coupon when we were seated, as they always do. She flatly refused to give us the discount. When we asked for the manager she claimed to be the manager. We told her what poor management it was to hassle us at all over a 15% coupons you can get on the internet.. We asked for the number for the owner. We asked if she was the owner too and she said "Yes." -- Really??!!?. She eventually even held her hand out in front of our friends face.I haven't been treated this rudely in a long time. Especially at a restaurant I visit fairly frequently with my family and friends.. We had just told our friends how good they were and then this happened.
1	If i could give them a 0 i would there food is gross.There service is the worse.I wouldn't step in there if my life depended on it
4	When ever we feel like eating Chinese food, we enjoy eating at this location, we get great services, and the food is tasty.
1	I was not impressed by this chinese buffet. The only things that were good were the sushi and the location. The servers only speak enough english to serve you. And their food offerings are of very low quality. Their prices are way too high for the lack of food quality. They had crab legs that were so tiny, I could barely get the meat out of them. Also, their fried rice tasted like dirt. Their chicken was dry (except for the chicken on a stick). I won't be going back here at all.
3	Food is a pretty standard Chinese buffet assortment. A little bland overall but a couple of selections I tried were surprisingly good. Very clean and the decor was nice and service was decent. I will visit again.
5	Back on 11/24/2010 I was privileged to be the first customer ever at the Grand Opening of this new Buffet & it was just great, right off the bat!  By January 2012 they must have had a different chef or something.  The flavor of the food had slipped a little & they lost a Star from this reviewer.  Well...Woohoo!  Maximum wonderfulness has returned to China City Avondale!     :-))*  Immediate, friendly greeting from hostess.*  Very comfortable dining room and booth.*  Just-right Chinese music playing in the background.*  Excellent table service.*  Big selection of 122 food choices, plus sauces & dressings.*  All serving trays kept stocked, stirred & so on by vigilant QC lady.*  Flavor of the Hot & Sour Soup, Kim Chee, REAL Egg Foo Young & gravy, fried chicken (& everything else) was back to where it belonged!*  Good variety of delicious Sushi!*  Tasty 4-meat Mongolian BBQ!*  Lots of seafood including such treats as Bacon Wrapped Shrimp!*  Speaking of bacon...  Awesome Bacon Broccoli!*  Everything was the right temperature.  In fact, everything about everything was right.  This is how to run a business!!What a pleasure it was to feast here at this TOP PERFORMING restaurant where the weekday Lunch Buffet is still only $7.99/$7.19 Sr.     :-))
4	Your average Chinese buffet. Every meat on the buffet was high in sugar. But they had a very good vegetable selection for my vegan wife. Basically if your craving a Chinese buffet this one is about as good as any.
5	Delicious! They have different areas in the buffet. One area has crab sushi and California rolls and the the other area has deserts, other area has nothing but vegetable stuff.  Then you have your traditional stuff like hot and sour soup, egg drop, and wonton soup, and then a different one for meats which ranges from BBQ style meats like BBQ chicken, or you can pick the orange chicken kinda stuff that's coated in those sugary sauces. So it depends on your tastes. If you don't like sugar coated chicken they have regular ole BBQ chicken as we'll! I was skeptical at first from some other reviewers that all they had was sugary meats but they actually have a lot of other options,I was actually pleasantly surprised! I thought originally that It was risky going here based on reviews and my parents sketchy tastes... but it turned out to be absolutely delish! Very clean! I make it an effort to go here every time im on this side of town when I visit my parents now!
4	I came here during my lunch break to check out the lunch buffet.  For $7.99 this place is a great deal.  It's very typical for what you expect from a chinese buffet, most everything I had was decent with nothing being particularly memorable.  A couple things I didn't like, but it's a buffet...you just leave it on the plate.  The food quality gets 3 stars.  The cheap price gives it another star.  If you're in the mood for a chinese buffet, you can't go wrong at this place.
5	This is my place!! It's a Chinese Buffet so please don't expect elegant steakhouse quality food. You know what you're getting at a Chinese Buffet. The food is great and the selection is even better. You can't beat the price and they have sushi and hibachi as well. The seafood never looks all that appetizing, but I usually stick to chicken anyways. The booths aren't the most comfortable, but so what. The place is always packed at lunch time, but there is plenty of seating.
1	Unfortunately, the food is less tasty than average Chinese food. Second, right as we were escorted to our table there was a long hair stuck to the table and the host said they forgot to clean the table! Third, my husband found a hair in his broccoli and the waitress said " don't worry it's just a eyelash!" WTF!!! Then she called the manager and they were arguing with us making a huge scene and all we tried to do was alert them so they are aware! The next time I decide to eat buffet, I will travel all the way to 75th Ave & Mcdowell. Good luck whoever wants to be humiliated and not satisfied after they eat!
2	Oh goodness where do I even start. The customer service was okay, but the food was really not that good. They had a lot of old items out at the buffet bar that looked like it had been sitting out for 3 to 4 hours. I've been to my fair share of Americanized Chinese buffets , but this one was really Americanized and when I mean Americanized I mean it tasted so bad there wasn't even a hint of authenticity was in there. Most likely I will not be back. You would probably have to drag me. The only reason why I did give it 2 stars was because they had a pretty wide selection unfortunately they failed to deliver on the taste. My wife and kids didn't really care for it either and besides you really can not take the kids word for it. Thank God for my wife's cooking though and by the way she is Asian and her food is awesome!
1	When this place opened it was very good. That is no longer my perception.  Nothing is worse than to get cold food on a buffet. When the stir fry is tasteless you know it is time for the eatery to go on the OTL. Off the list. Food quality is cheap. They don't even have duck sauce for spring or egg rolls. Additionally the sweet and sour sauce isn't thick. It is runny and taste like sugar water. I cannot stand places that draws  you in with good quality cooking and then take short cuts and distribute lower quality product months later. The food is sub par. How can you get can peaches to look like gray matter? The fruit wasn't even ripe. Watermelon was mealy. No pride in this establishment whatsoever.  Do not eat here folks.
5	Went in and got lunch carry out for $9.06.  Stuffed the box full with sushi, orange chicken, general tso's chicken, bourbon chicken, and a shrimp mixture. And yes, all of that fit, I just had to pile it high, but they don't care, which is why I love it!Sure, you could go get a lunch combo meal for $5 at any other Chinese place, but here you get variety and get as much as you want.Staff is always friendly and they do a great job refilling anything that is even remotely low.
3	It's your basic buffet, nothing special, but nothing particularly bad either. Exceedingly so-so.
1	Was that food? Ranch dip taste too sour like rotten, fried dumpling meat taste like mixed meat, most dishes taste bland or doesn't seem like food.. nothing else to say just not worth it to spend money for
