4	I have often ordered take-away food from I-Ching.  As a vegetarian I can only vouch for the vegetarian portion of their menu - which is well sectioned and fairly extensive.The salt and chilli beancurd is beautifully crisp and savoury, and I have always had deliveries arrive in a timely manner. Whilst the interior of the restaurant is slightly out-moded, I have found the waiting staff to be generally friendly.  The restaurant is in a calm enough setting for the dining experience to be relaxing, and last time I visited they were playing a selection of 80s love songs (for some reason) which I actually enjoyed rather a lot.  I have never been disappointed by I-Ching, finding the food to be consistently delicious, non-greasy and a little more exciting than some other Chinese options.  It's definitely the right price for a treat at the weekend.
1	This was our first take away in Edinburgh and I was not impressed. The place in itself leaves a lot to be desired, it was a bit dirty and didn't inspire confidence.However we were hungry and live rather close so our choices were very limited. I ordered sweet & sour pork which was ok, though I idid find the sauce to be very vinagary. Which kind of ruined it. My partner got the chicken with green onion and ginger which was ok. Overall it wasn't hideous. It was edible and we didn't get sick but not going back unless completely desperate and we have not a drop of food in our flat.
4	I-Ching is a good chinese takeaway stroke restaurant, one of many dotted along Slateford Road. The food I have had from here has always tasted fresh and some of their sauces deviate from the normal chinese fair (curry and satay in particular, in a good way) and the chef's specials I have tried are really good. I also really like the spring rolls, which are always nicely crisp on the outside without being overcooked.I have only ever gotten a takeaway so can't comment on the restaurant experience but the staff seem pleasant enough from my interactions with them. The price of their dishes is maybe 20p more than the neighboring places but this seems fair given that the dishes I prefer taste better (bar the lemon chicken which seems to be the same in every chinese ever!). Portion size is average, not massive but not small essentially a good meal size.Overall though I have never been disappointed by the food here and would happily recommend it.
1	Sad to report that 'I Ching' closed permanently on July 1st.Just posted for info and 1 Star only denotes the fact you cant eat there anymore!Never a good thing when a Local Business bites the dust.CheersPete
