5	For those of you who have heard of this funky fresh store, then you know how great it is. For those of you who have never visited one, now would be a good time. While they have locations all over the country, those of you who shop there will know that each location is different. One of the main reasons why I love this store is because yes, it is corporate, but each store acts as it's own free-standing location. There are no stiff rules, no set floorplans, and you will always find unexpected vintage items and home decor. A walk around this store is truly a treat for the senses, with all their great lotions, candles, pretty patterned clothing and awesome jewelry. The store associates here are always accomodating and genuinely cheerful. You can tell that they enjoy their job. You will always find great items in the sale section, and you can almost guarantee that every time you come back to visit you will have a new batch of products to browse through. Come here if you have time to spare to enjoy it, or if you are in a rush and need a quick something - you will not be disappointed!
4	This is a must-stop-by for my girlfriend every time we're at the South Park mall. I actually don't mind coming here all that much, which says a lot. It's a nice-sized store, but it doesn't feel like a heartless chain, if that makes any sense to you. The people who works there are nice and helpful and usually smiling, and it's just an chill environment. Definitely less mallrats in here than in a lot of the other stores at this mall that cater to the young female audience. As for the clothes, there's some pretty cool stuff in here, and I say this as an unknowing dude. And they have tons of options--it's just dresses and clothes but all sorts of accessories and nick-nacks.
4	If you were ever a fan of the magazine "Victoria" (NOT as in Secrets) but as in, Victoriana, you will love this store. If you have a unique and some what whimsical sense of style, you will love this store!  If you adore patterns, rickarack, carpet bags, old fashioned things, girly stuff and quaint styles, you will love this store! Umm... I love this store.One draw back, if you are ample, you will find nothing to fit anyone over a size 12 at the largest which somewhat limits the experience.
5	Wonderful store!! Customer service is great and the clothes are divine! The clothes are eclectic yet sophisticated. By far my favorite store! Two thumbs up!
5	Love this place! This is one of my favorite stores and I have a credit card bill to prove it. Although they do not have a men's section, it's such a cool store that my husband likes coming here too (there are comfy chairs that he can sit in while I shop around). This location is great, the space is large (as they usually are), and the employees are friendly. They have a great selection of clothes, accessories, jewelry, and things for the home. The prices are steep and I wish they would have more sales, more often...but during the times I splurge, I splurge here. For the eco-conscious in you, they can email you a receipt...whoo-hoo, save paper.
4	Ah, Anthropologie. The scent of delicious candles and diffusers wafts through this pretty space...inviting you...no, beckoning you to come in and lay down your credit card. But no, Anthro, you won't rope me in to spending $150 for a cardigan. I'll save my time and money for the sale section, which can be plentiful. For granola chic, this is the place to be. Some brands are constructed better than others but the store is always creatively displayed and full of smiley employees. Online sale items vary greatly from in store items, so it's always worth to cross check if there's something you fancy. For great scents and an eyeful of fun housewares and girly duds, Anthro is always a fun stop.
4	Did I just die and walk right into heaven?? I think I seriously just strolled right past the pearly gates and didn't even realize that I'd died because of the extreme awesomeness of this place. I've always said I don't have a style. I'm not too much of a girlie girl, and despite my tomboy ways, I've still got a very feminine streak inside me. I've never been able to determine if there was an actual style for me out there. I just wear what I like, and match most times, but probably don't at others. I'm an artist, and have always said I should have been a hippie. This place pulled me in with it's cookie jar owls, and fox door knockers from across the way. I had never heard of this majestic store, and my life changed the day I crossed it's threshold. I DO in fact, have a style. I probably would wear just about everything in this store, and would keep it until it fell apart. There are books, and comfy chairs throughout the place, and interesting decorations to pull you father into it's clutches... what's this in the back left corner?? This small magical room?? Why, it's a sales room!!! Oh my... Why after all this outpouring of love am I only giving 4 stars? The PRICES! Wow, this place is So expensive. I pride myself on being a freebie finder and coupon clipper... I just can't envision myself paying $120 for a shirt! Yikes!!! If I'm in the mood for some whimsical day dreaming or artsy window shopping, I'll definitely make a long and much needed stop in here.
4	I spotted some great sales today at anthro, which motivated me to write a review about the store. I have been a long time shopper of the south park location but has never really bought much of anything from the store, I think I own more non-clothing items than clothing-items from them. Reason being, I feel like even the sale items are not affordable enough. However, I spotted some great clearance items today and picked up 2 dresses and a skirt. My best experience was the fitting room. The lady who was working the fitting room(blonde, wavy long hair, petite, tan) was very courteous. I can easily say it is the top 3 fitting room experiences I've had in my life. She greeted me immediately after I walked into the fitting room area, took the clothes off my hands. Then she hung my clothes up in different sections in the room. Asked for my name, introduced herself and wrote my name outside the door and told me if i needed a different size or something to go with any piece, just let her know. Now, everything up until now may seem pretty standard for an athro experience, however...after being in the room for about 5 min, she checked on me by calling me by my first name, asked if i have any clothes i do not want and wants to take out from the fitting room...that is very nice of her, who doesn't want a less cramped space? lastly, when i was finally done with trying out my clothes, she was still very pleasant, said it was a pleasure and smiled the whole time. Let me just say, I am sure working the fitting room can be QUITE annoying, so she is definitely very good at it, I wish I could tip her!This location is smaller than the northlake location, mainly that is why they were running such a great sale, to clear out room for new items.
