5	As a walk-in, I found a new home away from home in the world of beauty. The senior stylist Katy was not only warm and welcoming, she was incredibly informative on all things Aveda. The salon is clean, employees friendly and helpful, and the owner enthusiastic about her new location. I'm thrilled to have located this neighborhood find via Siri. I plan on being a regular, and encouraging family & friends to become Cora Bella beauties, especially with their referral program perks!
5	I recently purchased a Groupon for Cora Bella, and was more than pleasantly surprised! The salon was not only in the perfect location (right outside the Concord Mills mall), but the space was stylish and inviting. I was met with friendly smiles and a talented stylist who had taught at the Aveda Institute for the last few years. Thanks to the Cora Bella Salon, I received an excellent haircut and partial highlight without hurting my pre-holiday piggy bank.Thanks Cora Bella for a wonderful experience! Best of luck to your new salon!
1	Unfortunately I didn't have a great experience. It's definitely in a good location and the place is pleasantly decorated but I'm not happy with my haircut. I bought a picture with me with the haircut I wanted and didn't get the result. It's shorter than I wanted and it looks and feels heavy. The name of the stylist was Erika not sure if it was a junior or senior stylist but from the results I would say inexperienced. I also got a blow out which was poorly done as well. Frizz everywhere and not straight on some parts and in the picture I showed it was straight mine was styled more towards the inside. It's unfortunate since I'm definitely looking for a permanent stylist.
1	Don't do it! Worst experience. It doesn't even deserve 1 star but I had to put something. Bought a Groupon and what a waste of time & money.  I think this place is a total scam and I'm not even sure the "stylist" that did my color & cut is even licensed. They appear to be an Aveda salon but that is how they are scamming people expecting high quality service. I've been going to Aveda salons for years and have never had such an awful experience. Not worth saving money. My cut & color was poorly done. I hope this review prevents people from going to this salon, I'd hate for them to feel the way I do about my hair...disappointed.
1	NEVER AGAIN!!!! My daugher had the misfortune of getting her hair cut yesterday by a senior stylist. If that is what a senior stylist is capabable of, I would sincerely be afraid to go to anyone at this salon. She has a full head of long, thick hair and asked for an inch and one half to be trimmed. When she got home, the layers that she were given at the crown of her head were the job of a BUTCHER! Thankfully, hair grows back but not as rapidly as one wishes! It's not just that it is shorter than requested, or that the stylist did not listen, it is more the fact that the stylist has no clue as to cut hair and give a proper hairstyle! My daughter did not check the reviews beforehand but she learned quickly that it is a must. She learned today that Groupon had 4 terrible reviews for this salon! A hard lesson learned! FOREWARNED IS FOREARMED!!!
5	I got my hair cut and styled and I was very impressed with my stylist, Brooke.  She was very thorough and listened to what I wanted.  I definitely plan on coming back and bringing my daughter to get her hair cut as well!  Bravo Cora Bella's for hiring great talented stylists like Brooke!
2	I had an bad experience at cora bella I got my hair lightened but it faded within a couple weeks. The staff was very rude I even referred a couple of friends but needless to say we won't be returning:/ when I say staff I'm mostly referring to the receptionist who wasn't helpful and had a serious attitude problem.
