4	I'm a big fan of Villa!  I love the fact that it is a classy lounge with modern styling.  I also love that there is no smoking!  I'm not a smoker and the one thing I hate about going out on the South Side is coming home with my hair and clothes smelling like smoke.  This place has a nice mix of everything.  Whether you want to relax by the bar downstairs and watch a game on tv or head upstairs to hit the dance floor, Villa has it all.  I also love the outdoor patio that is open during the summer.  This place also tends to attract a classier group of young professionals, which I like.  The next time you're in South Side I would highly recommend Villa!
5	Best lounge in Pittsburgh.  Great scene, great music and food is awesome for happy hour or late night!!  Go there every week at least once.
5	Went here for new years, and have been on a couple other occasions.  Good atmosphere, clean and upbeat.  Friendly bartenders and a good layout.  DJ they had busted out some pretty good mash ups too. would highly recommend if in the area.
3	Way. Too. Loud. At least it's non-smoking though...Guess I'm getting old.
4	Went here with a friend for happy hour on Wednesday.  It was totally dead, but I can see how this may be a great hang out on the weekeneds.  Tasty drinks and food and bit more upscale than your regular Southside Bar.  Will definitely check it out again.
1	Yet, another bar on the Southside that is a reenactment of your Jr. High dance. NO ONE IS DANCING. Is it because the music is a mediocre mix of dance played by someone with a laptop? Not sure. Is it because there are 5 guys for every girl? Who knows. This place doesn't know what it wants to be, I'll give it props for trying to look nice. Must every bar in Pittsburgh have "the game" on? What is the point of going out in this city? There is space upstairs for dancing but it is not conducive to dancing. Get someone who will play good music, and turn down the lights. On second thought, this IS the Southside and most people who frequent these bars wouldn't know good dance music if it hit them upside the head. This bar might as well play Lynyrd Skynyrd, AC/DC, and Lady GaGa, like every other bar on the SouthSide
4	Great place to go for an evening of dancing.The music can get a lil boring though as the dj's can be repetitive.Drinks are a lil steep but not that bad.
3	Nice place for a drink, with good views for people watching.  Had the lobster mac and cheese, which was very tasty, with four cheeses and a decent amount of lobster. Beers were a bit overpriced. Live piano music was nice, but it was extremely to loud. Service was good. Would go back again.
4	I went here again recently and the drinks were tasty and strong and there was a live band, which at first seemed out of place in this joint, but it turned out to be enjoyable.  I had the peach pear matini - Delish!  We didn't get anything to eat b/c we had dinner at Kaya.
1	This place is literally racist. Went there Saturday night in a group of like 10 people, one of my friends is black. The rest of us got in without a problem, but he showed his drivers license AND military ID, and they didn't think it was legit despite him being 24. We even had a cop come over to look at the IDs and he thought they were legit, they still wouldn't let him in. There also wasn't a single black person inside, which can't have been a coincidence. Don't give them any business, they don't even let in blacks if they're in the national guard.
4	I love Villa. I end up saying this every time I go here! I LOVE that is it smoke free, I love their selection of flavored vodkas, and I love the bartenders, they're friendly and not rude. I also enjoy that most of the time I am here it seems to be an older crowd. A nice change of pace for South Side!
3	Oh, South Side bars. You're like an ex-boyfriend who sends a text one day saying he wants to see how you're doing, so why not meet up for a drink. You think, "Maybe he's changed? Maybe he has learned how to care about other people? I'll give it a shot." And then, you meet up for that cocktail, and instead, he's just packed with 21 year old hoochies in Kardashians for Sears Collection ensembles,  shit-faced and vomiting on Carson Street. Well, maybe that's more so South Side bars than that dude, but still. In my experience, that vignette fits Villa. Granted, there are fewer Kardashian Klones here than, say, S Bar or Diesel, but it's still...not my idea of a great time. The drinks are fine, the prices are typical, it's a bit too shoulder-to-shoulder for me, but there's nothing truly horrific. The crowd does seem a tad older than some other SS venues, but I observed a lot of plaid button-up shirts under sweaters, an inordinate amount of hair gel, a lot of stilettos (on a freezing rain forecast night), and an abundance of real-or-faux 'designer' handbags, but perhaps less booty shorts and hair extensions. At times, I felt like I was back at a frat formal. So, if that's not your thang, you may not have a good time. I'm just sayin'...I suppose that, to be fair, two things have happened: I outgrew the "blackout drunk = fun" phase, and the South Side became less low-key and more bumping-bass. (Call it the Jersey Shore effect.) In the future, if I was with a group of friends that wanted to come here, I'd begrudgingly oblige. But, I won't be returning of my own accord. Oh, South Side of yesteryear, full of dive bars and diverse, diverse crowds, I MISS YOU.
2	Hmmmph.  Sometimes I don't know how to start a review for these kinds of places.  "These kinds" being a club...or klurb (that's the let's get down version).  I judge a club on one thing and one thing only.  Is there good music playing and can I shake my booty?The next statement probably makes me old.  I like to hear a mix between fun top 40 jamz and some old school Biggie, Salt n' Pepper, Rumpshaker, Back That Thang Up, etc., etc. etc.  This place flips between remixes and techno/house.  One thing that I hate most is bad remixes.  When you hear that song you love and start screaming "OMG I LOVE that song" and then it quickly, ficky ficky, changes to something else that the DJ thinks goes with it.  Ugh.  I just wanna dance!Another thing, I know working a bar where you can hardly hear what the person is ordering may not be the funniest thing in the world, but seriously peeps, everyone there seems dead.  They all look bored and tired.  I had a bit of sticker shock too when both our mixed drinks came to $14.  It's Pittsburgh folks, if there's no "infused, fancy schmancy cocktail (fill in the blank) I really would prefer to not go above $10.  Weak (like the drinks).  I'll stick to JImmy D's to shake my booty with my Biggie!
3	It's a club with a huge line to get upstairs.  Lots of music blaring, people dancing etc etc.  I will admit, the upstairs is quite nice.  When I step in the place I forget that I'm in Pittsburgh--definitely more of a big city vibe.  While this place isn't quite my scene, it's certainly worth a visit for those into clubs.  Judge for yourself.
4	There has not been a single time where I don't have a good time here.  Drinks are a bit high, as in stingy happy hours and such, but the outdoor patio upstairs and impressive selection if EDM for Pittsburgh.     The ventilation here is great.... Not too stuffy despite how crowded it can get.  The bathrooms are very very clean, thanks to the great attendants.  There's plenty if seating too.. I love those couches outside!
1	0/5 stars if possible!! Worst bar/lounge I've ever been in my life!! The bar tenders there were extremely rude & the whole bar was extremely ghetto looking. Poor service, had a horrible time. Save your money, time, & LIFE and go somewhere, anywhere else! This place is embarrassing and should be shut down.
