3	This is a brand new beauty supply in Tempe. It's only been open for about 3 months. A woman working at Sally's recommended it to me. It is in a great location, so hopefully I can avoid having to go all the way out to Phoenix to Mid-K.  It is spacious, clean and the set up is reminiscent of the beauty supplies back home in NY.  The prices are good and the owner was helpful.There is a nice variety of things, but i think they need to work on the availability of products for natural hair.  They lost out on a higher rating bc I realized that I was given the wrong item on a product I cannot return.
5	When I walked it in I was greeted the people seemed really nice and helpful any question I had they answered it they had a variety of hair wigs and other things.I didn't see where the rudeness came in but I didn't feel like they where rude honestly I'm from from the Bay Area and the beauty supplies out there are always busy so the gift they even had time to help me was enough for meThey should try to get more longer lengths in their small hair bundle pieces because sometimes people don't want to buy a whole pack of hair but just want to add a little color to the their head !!
5	From the moment you walk in the staff is extremely kind and helpful. Everything you need is in this store! Amazing location! Tremendous selection for everyone! I highly recommend.
5	I came in here for a wig after a recent bad short hair cut. The lady who helped us was very nice and helpful. Didn't limit me to the amount of wigs I could try on and seemed very knowledgable about the product. And the prices were much better than I expected. I will probably return in the future for extensions one my hair is long enough.
5	I'm a HUGE fan of Remy co! The staff is always super helpful and friendly, which is so hard to find these days when you visit a hair store. When I want a product not sold by Sally's I know I can come here and find it for a decent price. Don't forget to ask about the customer loyalty card!
