2	I moved into this building (luckily into a rental) in November. It looks very cute and nice on the outside and my apartment has been updated with vinyl floors that look like hardwood. It also has very cute custom paint on the walls. As it looks very appealing as to the reason I moved in, there has been nothing but issues since I moved in. The walls are thin, so if your neighbors play music, you can definitely hear it easily. Also, the tenant above me has hardwood floors so I can hear them walking back and forth. So far since I've moved in, I believe they have shut the water off at least 10 times to do maintenance. The day I moved in, there was a flood in the club house. There has been a pipe burst outside that flooded the parking lot. Today there was a flood and they had to turn off the water to the whole complex. When I called the emergency after hours line, they said it happened at 2am. It is now almost 7am and they haven't notified anyone by any means of communication that nobody in the building will be able to shower this morning. I've also had a problem with bugs, I have found a few baby cockroaches and centipedes in the unit. I'm a very clean person so the bug problem is a huge surprise to me. I have notified my property manager with the multiple issues as well as the building and it seems its always someone else's problem. In other words (mine, the tenant). Which is B.S. if you ask me. I gave it a two star rating because it does look nice and there is very good security 24 hours a day. If you are thinking about moving in to this building, I hope you read my review and take everything into consideration!
5	Re: Rachel M.'s comments. This is a condominium community. It was built in 2003 as an upscale property with some things lacking. The family that built it has been in legal trouble all over the country, the father now in Federal prison. Since becoming a condominium, the Association has constantly upgraded the property. The unfortunate water issues were a result of the connections to to city water outside the buildings that were corroding due to the inferior materials used in construction. The water shutoffs and burst pipes were while replacing them all with high quality piping and valves outside. It is completed. The water issue you referenced  in the clubhouse the day you moved in was caused by the resident living above the fitness center over stuffing her washer with too many towels and mats. All owners were also required to replace all water fittings and hoses in condos to be metal ones to be more secure.  Being in Arizona, ths complex has so few bug issues it is eerie. Any issue needs to be adamantly addressed with the owner of the condo. Burns Pest Control will come out to any condo on Fridays for only $20 and the owner of the condo needs to pay for it. I own 5 condos here and live on the property, I had 1 small issue in a tenants apartment and it was taken care of 3 years ago. The complex also has Burns come regularly to spray the property in and around the buildings.As for the floors, it sounds like the owner above installed wood floors on the sly without a unit modification form as required by the association, and installed them without using the proper underpadding. That she should have complained to the management office and the owner above (one can find them on the county Assessor site). The property has undergone massive expensive upgrades, all 3 pools and the hot tub spa were dug out and redone with new pebbletec finishes, the concrete decks and pavers are all new. The hall trims are all repainted, we are getting new carpet this year. 58 security cameras are almost completely installed adding to the secure feeling here. The landscaping is redone and updated. We are in the process of installing entrance gates to access the property.Yes, this property, like most others in Arizona, many condos were foreclosed and rebought by owners and investors. The investors here are a different breed. Many of them or their agents are here daily , all are very attentive to tenants needs, many of the condos are upgrades with tile, granite, crown mouldings, new appliances and other items. It is a very appealing place to live, I own investment units, liked it so much, I actually moved in one myself.
5	Biltmore Square has been a blessing to me as a previously new person to living on their own. I was looking for a centrally located place to live and still be in the "nice" side of central Phoenix. I have an AMAZING landlord who upgraded my 1 bedroom prior to my move in. I have only had one issue with my toilet leaking and they came out to fix it immediately. I live on the 1st floor and will say that my ceiling can be a bit noisy from my upstairs neighbors but it's not that bad. I am never home during the day and rarely on weekends so it doesn't bother much and it's not too overwhelming that you cannot fall asleep. The grounds are always kept clean and they have a cleaning service that cleans the entire grounds every morning. I feel very secure in this complex. I am a young, single woman who comes home at late hours in the night and have NEVER felt unsafe, even with the lonely Phoenix homeless people lurking around the corner by the local stores. I am a Phoenix native and feel so lucky I found a great condo at a great price. I am relocating to California and cannot find NEARLY as nice as a condo complex as Biltmore Square for a decent price. If you are single, married, young, or old...you will love living there. Every place you live in will have it's problems and it's a part of life, but, Biltmore Square is a safe, nice, and friendly environment to call home. If I could, I would transplant my condo into California so I can take it with me!Also, if anyone is looking for a great 1 bedroom/1 bathroom in the perfect location near Downtown Phoenix AND Scottsdale, let me know! It's up for grabs August 1st, 2013.
