5	I was introduced to Ritas while living in New Jersey. I love this place. It is a treat for your mouth. Real fruit in most of the flavors.  The custard is a real custard..not like the crappy stuff they they sell at Freddie$. This is a rich thick dairy desert that is way more creamy than ice cream or soft serve. A must have.
5	I am so happy to see a Ritas open up right by my house!! They have only been open for about a week but I have already been three times! Im addicted. The owners are husband and wife and are the nicest people around, very welcoming, and let you sample anything you want without feeling rushed even when there was a line! My favorite is the swedish fish Italian ice with vanilla custard (GELATI) If you havent been yet be ready to be addicted so good!
5	Fantastic new addition to our community. They create different ices almost everyday, have an idea for one? Tell them about it. The ices's are great, but ice/custard  concoction called a Gelati will become an addiction they are so good.
5	I suggest the Gelati. This place is delicious. The custard is great. Even their sugar-free ice options were good (I don't always like sugar-free). It was my first time trying it out and I really enjoyed it.
1	Bad customer service; skimps on serving size.I visited as I am from the east coast and I remember the Rita's of Philly. However, they skimped on the custard in the gelati and when I commented on it, the worker rudely told me, "I think that's enough." Epic fail. I'll take my $5 to the grocery store.
5	Rita's, where have you been all my life? Oh wait, I know, back east. I am so glad you finally arrived in AZ. Ices and frozen custard. Have one or both, it's up to you. The custard is super rich. Tonight, I chose a gelati which is custard layered with ices. I chose the Swedish fish ices and they were yummy. Just like eating the candy. My husband had a strawberry starburst and that tasted just like the candy as well.  The customer service was excellent. The two gals behind the counter were very helpful when I told them that this was our first time in. They explained the options, gave us a few suggestions and let is try a couple samples. I am excited to come back after June 21 when a new flavor is coming; watermelon with chocolate "pits". Sounds like it's going to be great!!!
4	Decent prices, great coupons and deals if available. Mango gelati with vanilla custard is perfection for summer heat. Very friendly staff.
5	Had the Florida orange with vanilla custard on top. It was soooo good. I'll be back for sure. The custard was really sweet almost like icing, but mixed well with the ice. I think it would be a little too sweet for me by itself.
5	Glad to have one in Gilbert.  Missed these being from Philly area.   Bonus when they still have some Philly soft pretzels left.
5	Love this place!!! Everytime I go the staff is awesome and the flavors are new and unbelievably good! Never had a bad experience at Rita's and this is my fav Rita's in the valley! Thanks Rita!!! :)
5	Love it! Delicious desserts and friendly service every time. What more could you ask for?
5	Love love love Rita's. They change up the flavors everything is great we always get the fruit flavored. So good.
5	I've never had frozen custard before today and it was life changingly good. I had a choc/vanilla twist cone and a small tangerine Italian ice. Definitely going back for more.
