4	They do great work.  However wasnt happy with the constant policy change with checking into yelp and getting a discount. Ive been going there and they honored it with full face and then they acted like they never did it. I just wish i didnt waste my time and check in. Ill never do that again if im not benefitting from it as a customer...why bother
5	I absolutely love this place. I go to the one in Centennial Hills. I'm so excited that there is one orb up the street from my home now!  Thank Divine Threading for opening a closer, New location! ! Now all you guys need to do is move Sarah to this location.
5	First time coming in here and getting my eyebrows threaded. I've gotten my eyebrows threaded before, and this has got to be the nicest place ever. The decor is a stylish black and white with a minimalist aspect. Kathy threaded my eyebrows and was so helpful and professional. I felt very welcomed and will  be coming back. I definitely recommend this place.
5	Did a wonderful job got eyebrows done after getting a BAD wax job somewhere else. Very pleased will def be back :)
4	On Sundays, they're open at 12PM, but when I got there around 12:15PM the store was still closed. I live in the southeast side of town and I didn't want to waste the gas so me and my sisters just waited a bit to see if anyone would open the store. Luckily the owners came a bit after. Not a big deal to me. The lady who helped me out was very kind to me. I liked how she asked if it was okay if she could put astringent. This is very important to me since I have very sensitive skin. For some reason, the threading didn't hurt as much here, but I'm not complaining!Other than the little mishap about the store opening, I was satisfied with my experience here~
5	The ladies are so sweet.the first time I got my face done without being so red afterwards. I highly recommend this place to all my friends
5	I love this place! They get my brows perfect every time,  and they are so sweet and polite.
4	I appreciate that they clean their hands and yours in front if you prior to beginning.  I'm always satisfied with my eyebrows afterward :)
5	The owner was amazing! She was very sweet and gentle as possible since I am sensitive to pain. The atmosphere is very relaxing. She also showed me how to fill in my eyebrows to make them as smooth as possible! Great place to go!
5	I LOVE this place and this is my first time at this spot. I get my eyelashes done by Reina and this is her new spot so I came in and right away I was greeted and offered coffee or tea. The look of this place is simple classy and beautiful. Now I've never gotten my eyebrows threaded or even done before but I was watching one of the girls thread a few walk ins and she did amazing work, but I was sill unsure to get mine done. So I did my eyelashes and Reina is once again amazing! She's been doing my eyelashes for months and she always makes my visits relaxing, not rushed, and listens real well on what I want them to look like. When I got done Reina convinced me to get my eyebrows threaded. I believe her name is Katie or Kathy, really pretty girl. She cleaned her items and got to work and it stung a little bit, but whatever. I told her I wanted an arch, nice square shape and it turned out amazing! It looks so clean now without all the extra hair around my eyebrows. Ill definitely come back to this girl for my eyebrows. Thanks Divine!!
5	I decided to try this place out since it was very close to my home and I haven't had my brows done in about 8 months. As soon as I walked through the door I was greeted by the only person who was there (Harita) threading. I loved how she acknowledges customers coming in while also still working on a person.Once I sat in her chair , she gave my brows a look then gave me options on how she can do them. I've never been given an option before in all the years of getting my brows done. I love that Harita takes her time and is a perfectionist. She also showed me how to color my eyebrows with a bit of the brow powder since I was missing hair on one brow. She never ever pressured me to buy any products.  I normally do t get my brows done often but after leaving here I will be coming back very soon! This is truly my new fave spot to come to.
5	I just got my eyebrows done and this place was great! It was clean and beautiful. She did a great job on my eyebrows and was done within a few minutes. Quick and painless. I will be back!
5	I come here because it's close to where I live. I use their yelp offer for a free upper lip threading on every visit which totals $12. It's always clean and quiet. I like that they use aloe or whatever lotion to calm the threaded area and top it off with a quick little massage. They do my eyebrows real good, exactly the way I want, every time.
5	I have been to many threading places all around town. I originally went to the Divine Threading on Centennial but this one is much closer to my house. This is the only one I've liked enough to get a membership. The membership is well worth it if you're consistent with eyebrow maintenance. I am someone who goes once every two weeks. With the membership, every eyebrow session comes out to about $7-8. That makes it cheaper than most places in Las Vegas without having to sacrifice quality. This new store is much more spacious and it looks very elegant and upscale. Soon I will get my eyelashes done so I can update my review for that as well.
5	They always do a great job! My husband and I have both had threading services done here. Never had a bad experience. If you have never tried threading your eyebrows, I recommend you do. It lasts linger than waxing and pain is tolerable. Staff is courteous and friendly too:)
5	I love getting my eyebrows done here! The inside is so nice, and the waiting area is very relaxing. I have gotten them done by two different ladies, and they both were great. (I wish I could remember their names) My bf went with me the second time and the lady who did his eyebrows made sure they didn't look feminine, and he was very happy with the way they turned out. After they are done threading they put this aloe Vera type cream to help ease the redness and pain. I will be coming back every time, and so should you!
5	Harita is seriously the best! I was so upset today coming from another eyebrow threading salon (5 stars on Yelp) where they messed up my eyebrows, making them super uneven and thin. I Yelped for another place in hopes of getting it fixed and I am so glad to say that Divine Threading will be my go-to threading place in the future. Harita reassured me and worked her magic on my brows, not only fixing and evening them but perfected them better than any other place I've been to in Las Vegas. She is amazing!! In the end, she asked for nothing but a Yelp review and I created this account just for her. Also must I add, the salon design is super clean and chic; the pictures don't do it justice! Thank you Harita!
