5	Woke up this morning with a sick dog and a wheezy cat.   Saturday morning, but they still fit both of them in.  They have been absolutely amazing over the years, everything from clipping dog nails to putting my sweet older cat down after she was diagnosed with cancer. I also love that they have the place divided into two:  a cat side and a dog side, so that if I'm bringing in my cat, she's not surrounded by sniffing, barking dogs.  AND.....they have cats for adoption on a regular basis for only $40:  a deal!They are all around professional, caring people.  Thank you!
5	I had mixed feelings being at SRAH. I was stressed because my cat is not doing well, but I was also very happy to see all the cute cats there. The staff and Dr. Gullinson are the best. The doctor called me at home and took her time explaining everything that was wrong with my cat. I hate hospitals and so does my kit, but we like and trust the staff at SRAH.
5	Our regular vet is in NJ so when our 1.5 yr old, 62 # Pit Bull, Molly sustained a knee injury at the dog park, we sought out some friends for a vet referral. With so many local vets, we chose the one with the most referrals from our dog loving friends. That was Scottsdale Ranch Animal Hospital. They have 6 DVM's in the practice; which one to pick. I tried to make an appointment with one of the practice owners but couldn't get into see him for a week and we didn't want to wait. I was scheduled with Dr. Scotti Gullison. Dr. Gullison had a very good resume and I was OK with her. As it turned out she was absolutely AWESOME to the tenth degree!!! She made us feel very comfortable, was very competent and very thorough. She explained everything. She suggested X-rays and we agreed. While Molly was sedated for the X-rays, she was also examined by Drs. Stolper, Baker and T. Nick. So in reality, Molly got a super consult by the other docs in the practice, which included the one I originally wanted. The decision was that she probably had a partial tear of her CrCL (ACL). It was decided we would watch and see for about 3 weeks and re-evaluate. They also suggested a blood test to eliminate Valley Fever as a possible cause of her limping. It was finally decided that it was in fact probably a tear or partial tear of her ACL. We made arrangements to see Dr. Ross Lirtzman, a board certified canine orthopedic surgeon and owner of the Animal Specialty Group of Scottsdale.  Molly was operated on 11 days ago and is doing great. A little about the practice itself. SRAH is in its own free standing building. The building has 2 entrances; one for dogs, the other for cats. They do grooming and boarding. The place is every clean. It does not smell of dog or cat. Well appointed but not over the top. The staff is very friendly and caring. The advantage of a practice like this with 6 DVM's is something I did not recognize until Molly got her super consult. When you have something tricky, it is nice to have a second or third opinion. This practice lends itself to that. They are big but treat everyone on an individual basis. I would highly recommend SRAH to anyone looking for a vet or to change vets.
5	I have never had such a great experience with a vet.  I am so happy I was referred to this office.  The staff is kind, very helpful, and they love the animals.  The Dr's are thorough, give you options for care, and really take the time to listen.
5	Dr. Stolper has been a close family friend for years, but I never knew him on a professional level until I moved back to AZ last month. For nearly a week after we moved here, my French Bulldog was simply not himself. Normally an energetic little guy who loves to run, I couldn't even take him for a walk w/o him laying down to rest every few minutes. His ears were clearly bothering him, (he gets ear infections frequently), but that had never slowed him down before. I feared it was Valley Fever, so I called Dr. Stolper on Friday night. He was completely booked all day Saturday, but was able to squeeze me in at 7am, which was an hour before they even opened. He cleaned my pup's ears & tail pocket, clipped his nails, and prescribed medicine for his ears. He also determined that he might have pulled a muscle in his back, for which he prescribed a non-steroidal oral medicine. Less than 24 hours after seeing Richard, my Frenchie was back to running circles around the backyard. I was completely astonished! I've never seen anything like it- back to 100% in less than a day. It was a miraculous change after weeks of being miserable and clearly in pain. I will never take Napoleon anywhere else.  Thank you Richard, you are truly a Godsend.
5	We know Richard for 18 years. Our pets our family he saved and with much patience explains everything going on with our "girls" the senior staff dr nick and the grooming staff have been wonderful. Dr. Brown operated on one of our girls and  with his expertise is running jumping (which got her into trouble in the first place) and back to herself ! 5 stars aren't enough
5	In our house we call Dr. Stolper is the "Dog Whisperer". He has such a way with dogs that they absolutely love him. Dr. Stolper has been our vet since we moved to AZ in 1986.  My daughter who is now married and has had several of her own dogs still has Dr. Stolper as her vet. It is hard to find a doctor of any kind that is more clinically competent, compassionate. generous as Dr. Stolper. The office is clean and the staff is wonderful. There are not enough words to describe how much Dr. Stolper and his staff mean to our family.
4	We brought our dog here for necessary grooming services. The receptionist was helpful and we were able to get an appointment immediately. I note there are four dog stylists. Staff dealt with us quickly and efficiently for this first time patient. The services were accomplished and the dog ready before the promised time. The fee for service was slightly less than what we were quoted at a big box store nearby which couldn't provide service until the end of the day. My only disappointment was that the front desk was understaffed and not too effective. We had to wait to pay. 18 hours later our dog had an e-card for his birthday and the humans got the opportunity to start using an online pet portal to manage the dog's health. If we need a veterinarian at our second home I think we will go here.
