4	Blizzarts has been around for over 15 years, it's a small lounge with generally awesome music, nice looking space but unpretentious, their motto is "be nice or leave" and THAT I can relate to. There is an open seating space near the window on St Laurent, a couple of big cozy booths, and a sexy little dance floor in the back in front of the turntables. Each night has a different theme, promoter, and Facebook group, making for a friendly community vibe.
4	Dropped by on a Tuesday night and they were slamming old school hip-hop (no cover).  It's right next door to Blue Dog - so you can co-mingle with the dubsteppers there on a Tuesday night or just pop in if you want to spaz out.Anyways - spent the majority of my time here.  Dope little bar with a crazy fast bartender.  The place was packed and he was the only server working.Cozy booths and plenty of seating around the bar with a little dancefloor in the back.  Unpretentious, fun and cheap.  You can dance or just drink while listening to some Golden era hip hop.I wish there were more places like this where I'm from.
5	Went by on a Thursday night and it was a fantastic fun crowd with a packed dance floor. This place is alive and served up some seriously, full on house music. I love the vibe and atmosphere. Be warned though, CASH ONLY!
5	I recently celebrated my 25th birthday in Montreal and chose this place for the festivities. Why you may ask? First off, the decor and  vibe of this place is somewhere between divey and classy, which I love!  Secondly, Saturday night is" MOD club"! If you love 60s soul music and British pop this is the spot for you! The music was great, the beer is modestly priced and we had one of the many big booths to ourselves. It was a good night!
4	This is my go-to spot on St. Laurent. I tend to go on a friday night and I go mostly for the music (old school hip hop and the like) and the crowd. I generally find the crowd to be chill and everyone is there to dance and be silly. Most times it is a bit older than the other bars in the area which is also excellent. Best place to dance on that part of st. laurent fer surrree!
5	Probably the best bar on The Main. Styles change nightly but bring a great vibe regardless. Get Nice Fridays are one of the best in Montreal - only good hip hop night in the city. Oh, and they make mason jar size Mojitos so there's that also. So if you're out an about, why aren't you here yet?!
5	After looking for local bars in Montreal on Google sought out this spot. I heard it had good music (which I'm all about) so I strolled in. Problem was, there wasn't a soul in there at 10:30PM but the bartender and DJ with a couple other bartenders coming in shortly thereafter. I thought about leaving but I hung around. Good decision. I got to shoot the shit with the locals and made some friends in the process while tripping out to some deep house on a Tuesday night. Who wouldn't like that? Good drinks, good music super chill peeps. Go!!
