4	I live across the street in Post Gateway so I considered this place a hidden gem when I discovered it. It is set up in true cafeteria style with many different stations. The menu changes each week and the items are different each day as well. The food stations normally consist of Chinese, Pizza, Deli, Salad bar, Comfort food and more. They also have pre-prepared sandwiches, soups and snacks like yogurt with granola and home made desserts. I believe some of the employees come from Johnson and Wales, but I'm not 100% on that. The staff is very friendly and the cafe is actually pretty affordable. For instance, everyday you can create your own deli sandwich made to order, add a small bag of chips and a fountain drink for only $5! A (big) slice of pizza, small side salad and a drink is about $6. If you create your own salad and add grilled chicken plus a drink, you are looking at about $8. Either way, you will definitely get more bang for your buck here than most other places around Uptown Charlotte for lunch. The cafe is only open during the day, which sucks for me considering I'm always across the street. They close around 2:30pm every day and are not open during the weekends. Bytes typically feeds the office workers who work in this BofA building or work nearby. I usually look out of place when I roll in wearing shorts and a t shirt. =)Overall, this palce has good food for a small price and the selection always makes me excited when I first walk in because of the different choices offered each day. If you live or work nearby and are around during the week, I suggest that you check this place out for lunch in this area that isn't Bojangles, Chik-Fil-A, Subway, blah blah.
2	It is a corporate cafeteria.  Decent salads and sandwiches.  A bit over priced.
3	Bytes is a good cafeteria for the working folks down at GWV.  I go sometimes to get the cooked to order breakfast sandwiches!  Really pretty good.  The format however has changed a number of times.  The variety is basic office complex cafeteria!!!  The staff is always helpful.  The soups are occasionally pretty good.
5	I love this place - best place for a quick lunch for $6. The staff is great and make sure to get Brian to make your sandwich.
3	Stopped in for breakfast and for cafeteria style dining, it's A-Ok. Was meeting some colleagues before I headed out of town. If you work in the surrounding 'village' it's a nice affordable option to have. The breakfast options were minimal, but they had the standard fare. Eggs, sausage, bacon, gravy, danishes. You can build your own combination and be on your way or you can wait for a made to order omelette if you have time to spare. Was it the best I ever had? No. Was it an easy/nice place to gather with business partners? Definitely.
