5	The two ladies working here were very friendly and they cut my hair the exact way I love it and was my first time.  I like the decor inside - very much a guy place.  Great job! I'm going back!
5	Christmas comes but once a year, and so does my annual grooming session!This year, I decided to try a traditional man-spa to take care of my Novem-beard.  After scouring the Yelp-o-sphere, I came across Brian K's review for the Barber Crew.As soon as I entered, I was greeted with a Jersey accent.  It added an element of authenticity to the visit!  The ladies saw the "beast" that was and asked, "What are we doing today?"  I simply orbited around my head with a finger and replied, "This!"They sat me down, asked a few more questions (including if I'd like a beer!) and started the manscaping.The atmosphere exudes 1960's cool with old school leather barber chairs, dark stained wooden cabinetry, and classic conversation.  I arrived shortly after opening, and there was no wait.When the seemingly Herculean task of returning order to my mop and clearing the facial frontier was complete, the ladies cursed that they hadn't taken a before and after shot!  When I looked in the mirror, I couldn't believe the dude looking back was me!  They did a FANTASTIC job, and I really enjoyed the hospitality while they worked!Definitely worth the treat!  I certainly will make the trip back every few weeks to lop off the locks!GREAT service, GREAT people, GREAT value!Ray J.
5	I arranged for all my groomsmen to get a cut and shave on my wedding day, and we couldn't have been more pleased. Shannon and the staff were friendly, did a fantastic job, and were very hospitable. I'd recommend this place to anyone.
5	Although the location is a little out of the ways, it's definitely worth the drive to receive a quality men's haircut. The Barber Crew has all of the simple pleasures that a guy asks for in his barbershop: large TV's, leather chairs, and professional barbers that understand male lingo well enough to discern what we want done with our hair. The cut was excellent, the price was great, and the experience overall was terrific.
1	Wow.. Where do I start...Ok so I use this app ALL the time, and it has never once let me down, UNTIL NOW. Im born and raised from NY, needless to say, barbershops up there don't survive unless they give quality haircuts, there's just too much competition. I'm pretty picky when it comes to my hair. I lived in Raleigh for about 5 years before moving to charlotte, and I managed to find an amazing barber who cut hair better than anyone i had been to even in NY. Well now im in charlotte and in desperate need of a haircut so I search on yelp and choose this shop. Let me start off by saying I dont know if i got the wrong barber or what the case was but i dont know what the other people were thinking giving this place 5 stars. It gets one star for these reasons.1- 18 dollar haircut for ABSOLUTELY NO REASON. I got a 20 minute half*** cut, a "hot towel shave" on the back of my neck only.... WHAT? REALLY? Dont get me wrong, im not cheap ive spent upwards of $30 on a cut when its warranted but this was just a joke. I had hair on my face, not once was it brushed off. When I was shown my haircut I expressed little emotion to see if the barber would notice that I wasn't pleased, nope, just prepped me for my "hot towel shave". Even upon leaving I just got a measly, "Thanks" and they knew I was a first time customer because I told them. Just terrible service. It was dead in there too when i went.2. I looked at the guy getting a haircut next to me. He was almost done, I looked at his hair, and my grandmother could have done a better job. Upon being asked "what do you think?" The guy cringed with that sense of, "Eh, I hate it", and proceeded to say "Its fine". Barber didnt even bat an eyelash and prepped him for his "hot towel shave".3.Overall the experience was awful, and I hate having to down a business, but I will never go back there, I would rather drive 2.5 hours back to Raleigh to get a quality haircut, where the barber makes sure you dont leave looking anything short of top notch, you get a real hot towel shave, and you walk out feeling like a million bucks not like ****. Also for the record, my main barber charges $20 per cut plus tip too. Price is not a big deal as long as it is worth it, and this place was not worth it.If you have the stones to give this shop a shot, hopefully for the sake of the business i was one of very few customers that had that bad of an experience. Just giving you fellow yelpers my opinion.
