2	I've been here twice, and I'd characterise both of my experiences as "meh."First visit: My husband and I came for a late lunch on a Sunday. Despite the place being mostly empty, we ended up waiting for our food for approx 15-20 minutes. My hubby got the chicken club poutine, which was excellent. I got the regular burger, which was bland as cardboard. There was absolutely no spicing, and even with added toppings, the burger was devoid of taste. The pop machine had lots of selection, which was exciting, but it was hard to use. My fries were good. I decided I'd like to return to try the poutine myself, although I didn't want another burger.Second visit: Just came back from my second visit and it was incredibly disappointing. I went with 3 co-workers. 3 of us ordered poutines and 1 ordered a salad and burger. I ordered first, so when my buzzer went, I was surprised to see it was my co-worker's order. We switched buzzers and I expected my order to be next. 10 minutes later, all of my co-workers had their food and Union Burger had completely forgotten about mine. I went up and (after waiting a good 3 minutes for someone to notice me waiting) asked about my food, and they were oblivious. I mentioned my co-workers would all be done eating while I was still waiting for my food. They asked me to sit down and wait, after first asking me 3 times if I was waiting for the Buffalo Chicken poutine (to which I answered back, 3 times, "No, I'm still waiting for the Chicken Club poutine). 5 minutes later, they gave me my order in a "to-go" bag, figuring, I guess, that I wouldn't want to sit and eat even though I'd originally asked for my meal for here. What was even more disappointing is that after I FINALLY received my food, I didn't even get so much as a "Sorry about the mix up" apology. I asked if they had comment cards. In response, they gave me a free burger card... which is only apparently valid on Wednesdays. I don't want a free burger - I want to voice my disappointment at the bad service. And if I did want something from them, it'd be either my money back, or a free poutine since that is what I went in to get. Offering a free burger is a bandaid solution, and it's not even for a gourmet burger! Just their regular, bland as dry toast burger.Despite the fact that their poutine is great, after 2 subpar experiences in a row, I will spend my money elsewhere - preferably somewhere with better customer service.
4	The service is ok and the burgers are ok but the poutine is fantastic so I rate it 4 stars
5	Great burgers an fires here. Great service and the poutine is amazing.Will be back here for sure.
2	Expect to wait for a while. The burgers are OK and the tables are usually dirty because the place is understaffed. The price is OK but it does feel a bit overpriced considering the wait and the service.
4	Okay service, delicious burgers and fries.The line up was out the door when we arrived. It took about 10-15 minutes to receive our burgers and fries, which isn't the greatest considering it's supposed to be fast food.  This is one of the only fast food places I've ever seen that also has their liquor licence, meaning you can enjoy a beer with your burger.The bacon cheeseburger was delicious, with plenty of toppings to choose from.  The fries tasted fresh cut and were crisp.  This location has one of the new Coca Cola machines that can create over 150 flavours of pop just to your liking!
5	I ordered a french fry and a peanut butter milkshake and both were delicious. Would def return.
