3	Beautiful, eclectic furnishings that will brighten up so many rooms! But... terribly overpriced!!! (a tiffin lunch box for $85? crazy)I love the womb chair... although the name is a little off-putting...the chair is beautiful and comfy.This store will probably not be in business next year due to the unfortunate location.... buried within a narrow street below apartments, and due to their ambitious pricing. But, still nice to browse and get ideas.
3	If you are looking for high end, modern decor Design Within Reach is a stop you'll want to make. The furniture is too modern for me and reminds me of the SNL skit of "Nuni and Nuni." Hey, that's just what comes to my mind.Like others have mentioned, the price point is high...but if this is your style, perhaps it is worth the cost. If you need something more affordable, there are some pieces that you could pull off from IKEA. The employee was friendly and offered me a catalog as I was on my way.
3	Yeah, Tonya nailed it. They have some cool items, but it's definitely gonna cost you!
5	One of my favorite places to visit for sure - Something like Inspiration HITs me when I'm in this place!  It is probably INSPIRATION!  My two favorites are: The Arne Jacobsen "Egg Chair" deigned in 1958 and the "LC4 Chaise Longue" designed in 1928.  Every time I have sat in these chairs I felt so relaxed I thought I would quickly fall asleep, they are that COMFORTABLE!      A chair that almost "disappears" the see-through "Ghost Chair"  Designed by Phillpe Stark. Acrylic or Lucite, I'm not sure of the material, though that is what it looks like!   The Sales people are very friendly, knowledgeable and not pushy!  Beautiful and Modern store!  This is one of those places I bring anyone who visits me from out-of-town!
2	Truth in advertising would require their name to be Design Out Of Reach. A correct description of the collection would be "reproductions of modern and mid century modern classics", and yes you have to pay through the nose for a licensed copy, which these are.Charles Eames died 42 years ago, how much longer should his designs be copyrighted?
3	I walked in Design Within Reach, cool, modern store, conveniently located near Crate & Barrel at South Park mall, after pricing a $2,000 chair,  I hauled ass.Design Within Reach, yah, in reach of your black Amex.
