3	We went on the Friday night underwear night.. egads.. there was this guy in his undies bending over the bar.. I thought I saw a sign on his back that said, "Insert here" but it was pretty dark in there!Super friendly and no attitudes.. a great place to hang out for a while.
1	We went on the Friday night underwear night.. egads..I drank beer for free cause I was not afraid to be in my undies then I asked what the beer was?  ICE HOUSE....  I didn't even know they had Ice house on draft ..  Hell I didn't know they stll made Ice house in a can or bottle.  I asked for a lime and I was refused.  Partner was drinking "Cape Cod"  Vodka cranberry woth a lime  He was rerefused a lime I was dumbfound.  WHen I asked if I were able to get more limes we were then refused service.Sooooooooooo  The Eagle chain  is know aws a Levi Leather bar, this place smelled like it and looked like it however...  Swing and MISSI have been there before and everytime I go I say I would not go back.  Last time I was there the Bartender was soo fcuking spun he was falling all over the place.   I will not go back and I love to support the gay communityHorrible attitudes.. drunk and or durgged out bartenders REALLY SERIOUSLY  This place totally sucked!
2	I believe that "Skanky" would be an accurate description.This place is like a scene from the old Al Pacino film "Cruising" - only not as nice. Dark, dirty, smokey, and just kinda gross.I went on a Wednesday night, where the special was "drink free if you're in your underwear". I'd say about half of those so clad were older homeless guys and straight couples from the local trailer park (and one really really tall, built black guy in red lace panties). Now, I'm glad that these folks have a place to have fun, but it wasn't exactly the scene that I was hoping for.Because of the "dark and loud" factor, this is not a good place to meet or have conversations with anyone. Definitely not my thing.
4	All you need to know about the Eagle is that it is super cheap and anything goes. I mean you throw a twenty on the bar and they will take care of you. Drinks are very stiff so be able to handle your booze. Underwear night on Wends is their most popular even though the majority don't strip down. You can do karaoke pretty much anytime. Just a chill place to play some poker and people watch, staff are very chill. Years ago I saw a drag queen beat a bouncer within a inch of his life for telling him to take off his heals :)
1	Where do I start  My partner and I were there this past weekend. We like to visit eagle bars in every city that has one. Definitely the most interesting crowd of people. It was underwear night and every person in their undies shouldn't have. It was like the thriller video with trolls going thru the bar. Smokey I mean really smokey.
4	Las Vegas Eagle is a neighborhood bar with Wednesday night being the best night of the week to go. The Eagle is one of the lowest cost bars in Las Vegas to visit. If you are looking to have a great night out, dance, and meet some locals this is a good place to go. They have lots of great drink specials. As the bar tenders what special is going on before you order your drink.
3	I went on a Saturday and I was expecting it to be busy. It wasn't, though.Suffice it to say, though, I had a great time. The bartenders were quick and attentive, drinks were cheap, strong and plentiful, and the fellow patrons were...let's say...amusing.I'm glad I came here during the day to make sure I knew where it was ahead of time...a pretty good idea since it's in a strip mall and easy to miss.
2	While visiting Vegas, my friend and I looked to see what's around on Yelp. This place was listed and so we decided to check it out.We inputted the address into our phone GPS and it led us to a corner strip mall.  After looking, we see that it is tucked away into the corner.We noticed that there were only a few cars parked around it. Granted, it was a Tuesday evening.  My friend and I debate if we want to still check it out.  After a few minutes, we decide to go check it out and if we didn't care for it, we would just leave.We walk in and the place was dead.  Just as we were about to walk out, the bartender waved to us and said "Hello". At that moment,  we felt like we should at least maybe stay for a bit.  Including us, there were a total of seven people ... and that was including the bartender.The bartender was really nice.  He even bought the drinks my friend and I were having, which was a just a simple water and sparkling water. ha ha.  With it being karaoke night, two people were taking turns singing.  Often times it made for the conversation my friend and the bartender hard to understand.  After about 30 - 45 minutes, we decided to head out and check out a few other places. If it weren't for the friendly bartender, we wouldn't have stayed as long as we did.
1	Rude bartender awful experience. No wonder this place is empty. So sad. Could be great. But unbelievably rude service from female bartender made it an awful experience. She should be fired and this place should set  its sites higher.
1	I came here specifically  for underwear night.   LAME!!!  Only me and my bf were in our underwear.  And there were only 5 other people here.  Never again!
1	Horrible. Came out to meet friends Saturday night for there Drag Show. Ha figured it was a joke. We arrived. Sat there and guess what?  No show. It was there way of getting people in to increase there sales for the night by telling people the shows running late. Than oh hey. It's canceled.  Don't waste your time going to this bar. It's a waste of time and money.
