5	Scott does  a great job!!  He never misses a time. Let's me know when he will be there. I always look forward to chatting with him. He is extremely friendly to my dogs. Billing is always timely and correct. I highly recommend their service!!!
5	Great company. Sets up weekly, biweekly, monthly appointments. What ever best works for your schedule. I would hire again.
4	This is hands down the best service I have ever paid for.We have two large dogs and they plant landmines all over the yard. We also have 3 boys and it was their job to pick up after the dogs, which they didn't complain too much about. However, getting the right tools turned out to be quite the challenge. Everything we bought broke within weeks of purchase. Last straw was when we spent $60 on equipment that broke in 3 days. I decided I would rather pay for someone else to come out and do the deed than keep investing in equipment that just brake. We have gravel and grass and it's not an easy job to find all the landmines, but Scott does an amazing job, every time. This service is a good investment for us.
5	Love this company! I actually tried a different service in town but they couldn't commit to the same day for each week...always came whenever they pleased...even showed up on a Friday night at 7pm. What?!?!? The previous company also wouldn't give me a heads up by text to let me know they were on their way...said that would be an extra charge. Boo! Then I found Scott and Poop 911. He always comes on the same day, pretty much the same time, does a great job, and has no problem texting me if I need him to (without the extra charge). Scott is super nice, too. The other thing I like about this service compared to others is that they won't bill you until AFTER the service. Most companies I looked at around here bill you at the beginning of the week, before they come. I have a huge problem with that. Anyway...it's the best money I could spend. We have multiple dogs and I have a baby and zero time to go try and clean the yard, and my husband works hard and doesn't want to do it either. Without this service I'd have a half acre yard covered in poop. Worth every penny!
