2	Food is still good but the service has gone downhill in recent years.  I sat there tonight for a full twenty minutes with an empty water glass.  So did my wife.  Hard to understand early on a Thursday night.
4	This place is great.  I just dined there and had the RITA - a garlic/vodka cream sauce with penne pasta and a bowl of wedding soup.  BYOB!  The bar next store has basic beer stock so bring your own wine.This is excellent Italian cuisine and inexpensive.It's intimate seating with butcher paper lining the tables.  The staff was fun - this includes the owner.There are 4 small cafe tables outside in front of the place.  Tonight there were 2 tables outside with diners - this brick road had very little traffic.  The place was nearly empty when I got there at 7 PM but began to fill by 8.
5	BYOB with a $5 corkage fee.  this is a hole in the wall italian joint with food to die for.  the warm bread served with olive oil was delicious.  the greens and bean appetizer comes with spinach, garlic, onions, banana peppers, hot sausage and is simply amazing.  i ordered the mushroom ravioli special and was very pleased.  the price is reasonable and the BYOB is a win.  i will come back and i don't mind driving out of downtown pittsburgh to get here because the quality, the taste, the price, the BYOB, the atmosphere it's all worth it!
5	Love the menu.  Some of my favorites are beans and greens.  The Crabcakes are fabulous.
4	Excellent food, loved the bread and the olive oil / sun dried tomatoes dip was superb!  Now I am not a big salads person but the house salad with balsamic dressing was one of best I've had.  I had the 'blt chicken pasta with spinach that was also very good yet the chicken was a little dry. The waitress was friendly but it was very, very busy, so service got slow which I understand.  I just hate waiting 15 minutes for our server to realize we need our check.
3	Seated promptly and received bread and olive oil sun dried dip (promptly)..nice but the bread was nothing special, seemed day old.  Since this is an old long time place stuck to the basics and had the penne with marinara sauce..it was good.  Was able to have a few bits of the Fettuccine Alfredo which was nothing special.  BYOB was popular at many tables.
5	SAN FRANCISCO VISITOR ate here 3 times in one week.
3	First off, some pretty good eats here.  Tasty pizza and soups. That said, they really need to get their customer service in gear. The staff always looks stressed and annoyed. First time I went, no one acknowledged us and after a good 5 minutes without even so much as a "hello" or "one moment please", we decided to leave. I gave this place one more chance. Despite the fact that it was empty at lunch, we were again coldly received. There's an ever present "how dare you want a table" attitude here. After waiting a good 15 minutes to even ask us for our order, we had to succumb to the constant banging and slamming from a cook who seemed to let out her aggression with a mallet. Kinda intimidating to say the least.
4	This place reminds me of something out of the Godfather - "A place with good food where people mind their own business". Unlike the restaurant in the movie, however, you can expect a good deal of loud talking... which to me is very Italian.  The restauarnt is small and the tables are right on top of each other, which makes you part of the conversation from your fellow diners.  Couple that with the BYOB policy, and you're in for some loud talking (table next to us had at least a dozen bottles of wine of the table for a party of eight!).  You have to shout a bit to be heard by your fellow diners, but that's part of the ambiance.Aside from the noise, the food is fantastic.  I went with a party of four around 9 p.m. on a Friday and we still had to wait for a table, which is a testament to how good the food is in this place.  They have a pretty basic menu with a decent sized list of daily specials, which provides more than enough choice without being overwhelming.  Everything we tried was delicious - mussels marianara, cheese pizza and gnocchi with the gorganzola cream sauce were the standouts.  Sarafino's represents an outstanding value.  The food is well priced and the BYOB policy helps keep the cost of the meal down as well.  This is one of my new favorites in Pittsburgh - I'll definitely be back.
5	Had dinner here last night and was curious what the food would be like since the old Chef left to open his own restaurant. Joe, the owner, has come back to cook and the food is wonderful. He plans on doing more creative dishes and making the choices more interesting. Very good for his loyal customers. The place was packed and my wife had a veal chop the was huge and delicious. I had one of the regular dishes that I like and was also delicious. Even better things ahead for Sarafino's.
2	The location is great. The atmosphere is charming. The food is outstanding. The service is beyond horrible. Three waitresses congregated in the back area and had a conversation about Facebook and weddings and alien looking grandnephews at a volume that was so loud they should have just pulled up a chair and sat with us because I felt like I was part if the intended audience. The best part was the discussion about the one woman's first trimester and then her labor. And drink refills and seconds on bread were non-existent.  It's really too bad the help ruins the entire experience. A little service management would make this a great experience instead of a real loser.
4	The Greens and Beans are pretty good.  The have a hot sausage inside the dish that kicks it out of the park.  I love the crab cake salad.  It is a large crab cake that has no breading inside, you are getting all crab meat.  It is breath of fresh air!The restaurant is intimate and relaxing.  The tables are close, but everyone minds their own business.  They offer corking fees if you want to bring your favorite wine, or a first date.If you ask them for a recipe, they give it to you.  I asked them for their greens and beans recipe.  They gave it to me!!  I think they felt bad for me because I live out of state.
5	Sarafinos is consistently delicious! Greens and beans, Joey pie, polenta, gnocchi, Pasquale's, ducks special panini, red or white clam sauce-- you name it, it's delicious! Great little byob restaurant I highly recommend.
3	The food here is EXCELLENT. If you love independent neighborhood joints that stress deliciousness over decor, this is a great place for you. It has maybe 10 tables jammed into a small dining area that creates a bit of a family feel between you and other diners. Though it is BYOB, they are happy to provide glasses and open wine bottles. There is a listing on the menu for a $5 cork fee, though my table wasn't charged for it. So if you're taking wine, put a cork screw in your pocket or purse.As for the food, it really was quite good starting with the bread and dipping sauce. Our party of four had the signature greens and beans, a meatball panini, a linguini with red clam sauce (which my wife said was the best she's ever had), a linguini with white clam sauce, and a gluten free pasta with pomodoro sauce and everyone reported their enjoyment of their respective dishes.Sarafino's loses stars for a situation we encountered at the end of our meal. With several parties waiting to be seated, it was clear that the head waitress was encouraging our server to get rid of us. We were never offered a desert menu, had to ask for coffees, and suffer through a clearly exasperated head waitress verbally berate our server for allowing us to order it. While the food was out of this world, the servers must be made to realize that they are every bit as important to patrons enjoying a meal as the quality of food they serve. I will return to Sarafino's because the food was that good, but if the servers bicker openly and make me feel unwelcome again, it won't matter how good the food is, I won't be back for a third time.
5	Ah, back in Pittsburgh after seven years. Actually, I've been back for a few months, but hey, I had to hit all my fave spots again before I could start cranking out the reviews. You understand.Anyway, what I really want you to know is that Sarafino's is my favorite Italian restaurant, period. They're just as excellent now as they were before I moved. Not that I was worried they'd change, but it's good to know that this place has stuck to its menu and terrific daily specials.Sarafino's is small and cozy, and as cliched as it might sound, it feels like family. The staff are always friendly and inviting, the owner a great guy who cares about his establishment. It's always seemed like a hidden gem tucked away in Crafton, and maybe that's the best thing about it. There are a ton of Italian restaurants around Pittsburgh, and Sarafino's is in a league of its own, off the beaten path.So what's great here? Everything I've tried. The bread that is brought to the table has the best dipping oil I've ever had. It's sweeter than other places, and one could be forgiven for filling himself up on the bread alone. But that's just for starters. The famous greens and beans are just the thing if you're looking for something on the spicier side, and the wedding soup and pasta fagioli are fantastic.My favorite thing on the menu, though, is the gnocchi. I've never had better. It literally melts in your mouth, which is what a great gnocchi should do. It's never chewy, never tough. I always get mine in the roasted red pepper sauce (there are plenty of other sauces to choose from; they're all tasty) with meatballs. And man, I love Sarafino's meatballs. They're one of a kind, milder than others, but perfectly complement the dish, while also soaking up the flavor of the main entree.The seared steak panini and grilled steak salad are also must-haves. And the pizza? My fave in the 'burgh! A nice, thin crispy crust with a sweet sauce base and delicious toppings of your choice. Then there are the daily specials. The crab cakes with portobella mushroom on the side are amazing. Nothing but crab meat, no filler! And if they have the lasagna, you cannot miss out on that. It will split your mind open in a revelatory fashion, I kid you not. Then there's the veal parm, the ravioli...you get the idea.So for those of you who actually favor joints like The Olive Garden or Bucca di Beppo, knock it off. This is the real deal. Of course, those of us in the know don't mind keeping Sarafino's all to ourselves. But you'd be missing out on one of the best if you didn't stop by.
5	This place was awesome. I loved the fetuccini Alfredo, it was so light and creamy and made from delicious cheese. The pizza was warm, fresh, and the fresh basil made it all amazing. Will be coming back most definitely!!!!
4	After reading other Yelp reviews, I knew this was a must try spot. I went in with little expectation for the wait staff, but we were pleasantly surprised! Our names were taken down, we were showed where we could wait and only waited about ten minutes for a table. Our server was as sweet as could be and got our drinks and bread right away. If I had to leave after the bread and dipping oil I would have been ridiculously happy. The bread came out piping hot and the dipping oil was better than anything I've ever had. We ordered soup which came out right away and was tasty. Our meals came out only a few minutes after we finished our soup and we were not disappointed! I got the Rita pasta and my husband had the Sarafino pasta, both of which were incredible! We felt out of place because we were the only table in the restaurant without a bottle (or two) of wine! So we will definitely be taking a bottle next time we go!
4	Love this place. The food is excellent, the wait staff has always been attentive, and it's just a great little place that is fun and funky.
2	Small quant restaurant which used to have great food. We were their last week and had less than average service and the same type food. We took our own wine only to find out that they now have ONLY small juice glasses to drink your wine from. So there we were with a 25.00 bottle of wine we brought back from Napa Valley only to have it stifled in a tiny glass. The waitstaff said they did it to save money.. unfortunately they lost money on us because we probably won't be back . My boyfriend ask the question. .  What's next red solo cups? Average food, average service and now no stemware.. nothing special anymore..
5	Stopped for dinner and had an excellent meal. Was very good all the way around, food and service was excellent. We will be back for sure The only bad thing was we sat near the front windows and they need washed really bad..
1	Stopped in to get take out. Ordered a pasta dish & a salad. Got home (2 min. Away) & salad was wilted & nasty!! The pasta barely had any sauce on it & was tasteless!!! For a lunch that cost nearly $20 - are you kidding me???!!!! Don't waste your money - I never will again!!!!!!
4	Moving from a place with zero good pizza, my husband and I ordered a pepperoni/mushroom pizza for pick up.There's only a tiny lot and some street parking, so I'm sure it would be hard to park when it gets busy. When I opened the door to the restaurant, I was immediately overtaken by the wonderful smell. Maybe it was just my hungry stomach, but I was a little regretful we hadn't come to sit for dinner. It's a small, quaint restaurant and everything everyone had on their table looked delicious. The pizza did not disappoint. I'm sure we'll be back in the future to try other things from their menu!
3	I ate here with a couple friends for dinner on a Thursday night. It was small but nice inside and our waitress was ok but not great. The food was good but all 6 of us felt it lacked real flavor. Everything needed salt. We got the greens and beans that everyone raves about and none of us felt that they deserved the praise they had received. It was a fun meal but more bc the company and not so much the food. Not sure that I would go back and I literally could walk there.
4	I really like this place. The food is good as well as the service. The warm homemade bread is delicious. It is served with a very tasty sundried tomato dipping oil.   The menu is quite limited and salads are not included with the entrees. I enjoy the cozy atmosphere, but there may be long waits as the seating is limited.The restrooms are located upstairs and are on the dumpy side.  Tonight there were several things that made my dining experience rather frustrating. The air was stuffy, it seemed like the AIr conditioning was not working well.   There was also an issue with the power. The light would dim and the bright, thus happened every minute or so. Very irritating.  The last issue was a ceiling fan that was out of balance and kept making a constant "ticking" noise as it wobbled. I think some much needed building repairs would make a huge improvement.
5	Excellent, genuine Italian restaurant. I love the intimate atmosphere. The fresh bread always comes directly out of the oven to your table. The prices are extremely reasonable for nicely sized portions. It also means a lot to me when the owner takes the time to talk to his customers. On our last visit he asked where we were from, if we were satisfied, etc. I will absolutely be back.
5	I have heard so much about the place and finally had the opportunity to visit for lunch. I loved the atmosphere as it was nostalgic and having Joe cooking our food only a short distance away made me hungrier by the moment.The food didn't disappoint me at all. We were served a fresh out of the oven loaf of bread, delicious! My wife had a vegetarian sandwich with a side salad and after the hot bread and salad, well let's just say the sandwich had to be taken home! I had a veal over pasta and it was delicious! I would definitely suggest the paying a visit and don't forget your wine as it is a BYOB. The atmosphere is nothing fancy but is very cozy and exactly what you want when eating authentic Italian cuisine!
2	The food was just very typical Pittsburgh Italian food. Same sauces with regular pastas. Huge portions of overly garlic-y food. Nothing truly to write home about. I just wasn't impressed. The restaurant was an old pharmacy. So, it is tiny. I think there were 15 tables. I felt crammed in and there were only two other tables with customers. The waitstaff kept going into a curtained off area just beside our table to get supplies. The coffee was in a huge carafe. The atmosphere just wasn't pretty and cozy as it should have been with such a tiny place. The food wasn't terrible, but it wasn't great. I'm not sure if go specifically to Crafton for this place.
4	Told Friends:  We're coming your way, pick a dinner spot.  And they chose Sarafino's in Crafton.So glad they did!It's a nice corner restaurant that used to be a pharmacy (so I'm told).  Not a spacious dining area, but good for 6 or less at a table.The smell from the kitchen is strong...  garlicky and wonderful.The bread was fresh, crusty and disappeared fast.  I had the wedding soup which was pretty different, as I believe it had basil as the greens and no chicken.  Delicious and unique.Two of us ordered the special which was an alfredo and roasted brussel sprout pasta dish.  Mind you, I was excited to see an Italian steak salad that DID NOT include the typlical 'Burgh French fries - but the brussel sprout pasta changed my mind and it was so good.  So WAY good.Hubs, being the traditionalist that he is, ordered the red Bolognese with a meatball and a sausage - he was pretty happy, also.  Friend #2 ordered the house crab cakes, which she knew from previous visits were fabulous and they were pretty lovely, gotta say.We split the almond dessert - yummy and we should've got it TO GO as we were TOO FULL!The place is noisy and it doesn't take much for it to be crowded, but dang...  the menu has some items that definitely need to be explored further!  Be hungry when you get there--
4	This is our second time here and it is really good. Great pasta dishes. Small menu and small dining area, but pasta sauces have BIG flavor. A very relaxed, small town Italian place with the atmosphere of a New York City hole in the wall,...and that is meant in a good way.
5	Sarafino's is a lively but cozy place with a pleasant ambiance and good food.  I appreciate that the offerings are purposely prepared in a straight-forward manner, and not made with 11,000 ingredients--just old world Italian cooking is all. I had the special for the evening--two crab cakes with a house salad and a healthy-sized portobello mushroom. Those crab cakes were so much better than anything I have gotten in the Chesapeake Bay area in quite some time; they were light and lovely and delectable.My hub had the linguine and white clam sauce; I tried it--it was to die for.A highly-pleasing cappuccino for an after-dinner treat was only $2.95?  Say what?!As if it couldn't get any better, when owner Joe Caliguire was making the rounds in the dining room and found out that we hailed from the nation's capital, he comped us free dessert.  We got the tiramisu cake and almond creme horn, and were they smooth, smooth, smooth, baby!This is a peach of restaurant.  I should have bussed Mr. Caliguire on the cheek, but demurred.  I coulda given the wrong impression and then got the local people gossipin' and all that, since I never met the man before.No wonder he got restaurateur of the year awhile back.  He understands both food and people, and how to treat them very well.Pittsburgh--you are lucky and I am jealous.
4	My grandma and I went for dinner here recently and the food was delicious. I ordered the crab cakes; they were delightful. The dessert - moscato berry cake, was divine! The waitress couldn't describe it but I took a leap of faith and ordered it anyway. So glad I did. Huge chunks of berries baked into a vanilla cake with layers of wine flavored cream in between. I moaned with joy the entire time I ate it. The service was iffy, our waitress seemed stressed as soon as she had more than two tables. She rubbed me the wrong way when she refused to let me pack up my own leftovers. She didn't seem to have enough knowledge of the menu items. We will definitely be back though!
3	great greens and beans. Solid Italian food but not nothing outstanding. Large portions, BYOB, with jelly jar wine glasses.  Either bring your own stemware or a modest bottle of wine.  A good place to go with friends.
