5	One of the best manicures I've had!  I'm looking forward to my chip-free manicure for days.  The guy was very detailed, pleasant and quick.  I was in and out as a walk-in, in about 35 minutes.  They are one of the most convenient in Uptown.  Hidden away in the building on the second floor, it's a great find!
1	Horrible! I just left the place and the nail tech was not a happy man. Did not massage my legs or feet then had the audacity to charge me for a full pedicure instead of the express. The female asian manager equally unpleasant and rushed us out of the salon in the end then when I complained that I wasn't satisfied with the service and felt that I shouldn't pay the full pedicure fee, she disagreed even though the other male tech (not the horrible one) had the horrible tech come back to me to try to give a leg massage AFTER I complained. The horrible unpleasant manager STILL charged me for full pedi. HORRIBLE!
5	The Best Nail Salon in Charlotte!!! You must try the gel nail polish. My nails look like I had a full set put on, which in fact...they are my natural beautiful nails. I can't stop staring at my hands!!! Most convenient nail salon for those working Uptown. I am a busy mom, and hardly have time to get my nails done. However, this nail salon is across the street from where I work and I can easily go on lunch. If you let them know ahead of time, how much time you have...they will ensure you are done during your lunch hour. I have enjoyed their pedicures, the technician takes his time and ensures my feet are smooth as a baby's butt. My manicures have been nice as well. Nothing beats getting the gel nail polish. There is a $5 fee for the French manicure...but it is well worth it. You have a choice between the basic gel polish or the gel manicure. My research showed that cutting your cuticles before the gel manicure is not such a good idea. However, you can choose how you want your hands to look. This price might be a bit pricier than a nail salon on the outskirts of Charlotte...but they are clean (they use a new nail filer and buffer for each customer), fast, and detail oriented. I appreciate when the nail technician wants my nails to look as good as I want my nails to look.
3	I'm a fan, only because of the location, across from my office, and that you can get a manicure/pedicure in under an hour, although mine didn't, but they say it can.  However, three stars from a service perspective.  The service was a little slow and as some metioned the prices were a little higher, that seems like a understatement. I got a gel polish and pedicure and paid $65, a little high compared to other, much better services.  I will go back if I am in a rush, due to the location, however, not my 1st choice in the area.So, I changed my rating from 4 to 3. After getting home, my toes were so chipped and I ended up going to my regular place for a polish change. Sorry :-(.
4	I had a decent experience here, but I had a hard time finding it at first. I was staying at a hotel in Downtown Charlotte for work and had a day off, so I used Yelp to find the nearest nail salon, which happened to be Uptown Nail Salon. It is located inside an office building in a suite upstairs, so it is easy to get thrown off at first.I got a pedicure by a guy named Mike who was super friendly and attentive. He gave a great foot massage too. The place was very clean and the service and prices were great. I will definitely go back if I find myself in Charlotte again.
3	This place is FUN, FAST and Convenient..I searched on my Yelp app for a nearby nail salon and this was one of the three that appeared so I decided to take a walk on my lunch and get a pedicure and gelish before heading to Miami for a Bachelorette Party.I got seated in a pedi-bowl promptly and my nails were filed while I was soaking my cute little pups. We had conversations about Charlotte, NC and where everyone was from and how everyone like the city (I'm from NON OTHER THAN CHICAGO so Charlotte doesn't compare as far as things to do that are FUN and GREAT ADULT events). The guy who filed my nails left out and came back with a smoothie and we began to chat about health. Back to the service, the service was FAST and FRIENDLY.Selection: My CON is the selection of colors, I'm use to having about 100 Gelish or OPI gel colors to choose from however they have a smaller collection of colors so it limits your options if you are BOLD and DARING like myself.I will go back however I may invest in my own gel to have a variety that they don't have in order to ensure I get that variety. I may also try a FULL mani, I actually only got a file and nail color due to time constraints.
5	I was visiting from L.A. And came across this wonderful nail salon! Jackie and Kim took care of me and were soooo sweet! Felt like I was at home. I had a few glasses of wine during my pedi and mani! They're absolutely amaazzziiinngggg and I'll definitely be back! Definitely recommend Uptown Nail Salon! You'll love it just as much as I did! :)
5	I went here to get a manicure and a polish change for my toes last week. It's a little tricky to find, it's inside the Ivey's building on the second floor. It's really tiny for a nail salon, but they did a great job with my nails. So great, I went to put in more quarters at my parking station and decided to get a pedicure too! The people here are really friendly. Jackie did my nails and she did an excellent job. Over a week later, my nail color is still intact and free of chips. Mike is pretty funny too. At one point I was confused between three colors and Mike and Jackie chose one for me. I'm pretty happy with it now (uploaded a picture too). They don't have a huge selection of nail colors, but I was content with what they had. And the prices are reasonable for uptown. Mani+pedi was $40+tip.I'll be back, although next time I'll have my boyfriend drop me so I don't have to worry about the pay station.
5	Got an express manicure at Uptown Nail Salon today and it was great!  I only had 45 minutes during lunch and they did a great job getting me in and out.  When you arrive, they ask by what time you need to leave to make sure they have your nails done in plenty of time.  Had a nice selection of nail polishes (OPI, Essie, etc.) and everyone was very friendly and attentive.  Prices are great!Definitely going to make it a monthly (if not weekly) point to go in.
5	Staff is hysterical, entertaining, knowledgeable and kind. Michael and Jackie are the best! So impressed. Be prepared to laugh, great chemistry!
5	Michael is so nice and did a great mani/pedi. All on the staff was so enjoyable! Glad I was sent to here by aloft staff!
5	First time customer to this salon, and now I won't go anywhere else. My nails are flawless and by far the most enjoyable experience I've ever had.  The staff is great; upbeat, friendly and hilarious. Thank you, Michael for doing such a superb job. I am hooked and will be sure to send people your way for quality service!
5	It's a great nail salon. I had a wonderful pedicure & fill in!!! They were very attentive.
5	Came to Uptown Nails after reading reviews on YELP. Certainly glad I did. I decided to pamper myself and get the Uptown Pedicure...what a great decision. Mike did an unbelievable job. He is very professional, polite, friendly and very gentle. From the moment he removed my old polish to painting on a new color (he picked me out a beautiful shade of red), it was a wonderful experience. I can't wait to visit Charlotte again, I will certainly come again for a pedicure.
5	BEST PEDICURE I'VE HAD IN YEARS!My girlfriend and I were visiting Charlotte in October for her birthday and we stopped here as it was closest to our midtown hotel. We absolutely LOVED it. Michael gave me the best pedi of my life, and my girlfriend had a phenomenal mani/pedi too. It was a nice change to go to a salon where everyone spoke English, and loved the complimentary wine, too. And even though they were busy, they knew it was a special occasion for us and they didn't rush. Honestly, the pedi was the best I've ever had, and I've been to some really nice spas all over the world. Mike did such a good job on my feet that they were smooth and polished for almost 4 weeks. I only wish I lived in Charlotte so he could be my guy all the time! Sorry it took me so longtime to write this, Mike! But thank you for doing such a great job for us!!
5	Best nail place in Uptown Charlotte by far!!  Mike is awesome!  Clean place, friendly staff and free wine! LOL :)
5	Soo was awesome!!! I was visiting Charlotte for a business trip and was staying at the Marriott right next door. I called and he spent his lunch time to save my nails and my reputation. I had a horrible gel manicure before i went on this trip and they started peeling but he was so nice and took me right away. Great personality and great service. I wish I lived closer!!!!
5	The best manicure/pedicure ever.  Convenient location, great facility and terrific staff.  I can't say enough except I want to take them home with me to San Francisco!  The glass of wine is just icing on the cake with the terrific service.
5	Today was my first trip to Uptown Nail Salon. I moved here 7 months ago, but hadn't found a nail salon yet. I read the positive Yelp reviews and thought this would be perfect especially since I work in Uptown. Michael gave me the best pedicure I've ever had and the owner (I didn't catch his name) gave me an incredible manicure. Everyone there was so kind and genuinely cared about me and wanted to make sure that I was more than happy with the service. They closed at 7, but I didn't leave until close to 8 because they were so busy. It means so much to me that they took the time to fully complete my services and keep me past closing instead of rushing through the job to get me out of the store. I am very picky about my nails and was a little caught off guard by the salon when I first got there (it could stand be to updated a little bit) but I am so impressed by the service that I received. It was also only $40 for a manicure/pedicure and it was the best one I've ever had! I can't wait to go back. Thank you Uptown Nail Salon!
5	Great place to get nails done. Was in town and wanted to get my nails done. Walked in had to wait, but I wasn't in a hurry. They did an awesome job!!! Will come back if I'm in town again.
5	Good
5	I was in Charlotte for work and Uptown Nail Salon was able to fit me in on a busy Friday afternoon for a pedicure.  I was able to walk over from the work building and was seated right way in the fantastic massage chair.  I was also offered a glass of wine, which to me is the ultimate treat during a pedicure.  The staff was all so friendly and really funny to chat with.  Lala was AMAZING!!!  She gave an excellent foot/lower leg massage and a fantastic foot scrub.  Despite being busy, my pedicure never felt rushed.  I'm looking forward to my next trip to Charlotte so I can getting another great pedi. :)
5	My girlfriends and I usually start off our Memorial Day Girls Weekend trip with manis and pedis. This year our schedule got jumbled and we were scrambling on Saturday 5/24 to find a place to take us. By the time found Uptown Nails, only two of us wanted to bother with pedis. Because it was a Saturday and they were short staffed, there was a long wait. That said, the staff was very friendly and apologized about the wait. The staff worked us in between larger, scheduled groups. The complimentary glass of wine was a nice little treat, the second complimentary glass was an even nicer bonus! Even though we had them rush through, because we had somewhere to be, it was one of the best pedis I've had. The owner apologized about having to rush through everything, but he still gave me the best leg and foot massage I have had with a pedi. (That's always my favorite part.) It was just a happy place to be. Everyone was very friendly and the price was very good for the high quality you get. If you find yourself in uptown Charlotte, I highly recommend Uptown Nails. Call ahead if you can.
5	First time Here. I had a good experience. I would go back. Friendly atmosphere. I was offered wine but I had to go back to work so I declined and took water. My refill wasn't painful and my nails are smooth. Wish I had more time to get exactly what I wanted: Pink n white and pedicure. Next time though. Thanks L.
5	Great service and fun staff!  A colleague and I went for pedis and enjoyed our time there.  Thank you!!
5	Mike did my gel polish and pedicure yesterday and he was awesome! He took his time and my nails look beautiful! I highly recommend him.
5	Absolutely love this place!! I moved to charlotte about 8 months ago and tried tons of different salons but no one was that great... since I found this place I refuse to go anywhere else!! Su always does an amazing job!!
3	This was a nice enough salon; but I don't understand what all the big fuss was about in the other reviews. Main reason I went here was because of the reviews, and the fact that they said  a glass of wine is served with pedis- so I brought my daughter here on her 21st bday for some pampering. We were given water, never offered wine- and one of the girls even asked why we weren't drinking on her bday! And a lady who came in after us was given wine! Second, the signature pedicures were ok, nothing great, barely a massage- and I had asked for the special summer pedicure but didn't get it. Now, both ladies helping us were very nice, and the lady doing my daughter's mani was nice enough to do different colors for her. My express mani, however, didn't even last til I got home. But I like honest reviews, and the basic fact was this was an ok, not great experience. Wouldn't drive just to go here again.
5	Visiting Charlotte on a layover. Warm and friendly nail salon. Very helpful on finding places to eat and things to do.Very reasonably priced.Was a little tough to find there is not a sign on the street.  My glass of Mimosa hit the spot!
3	Very friendly employees but not the best service. The full set did not last and looked like the work of a beginner but she has been in the industry for years! Seems like a hit or miss on the service depending on which employee does the work. AP was awesome and pays attention to detail! AP gave me the best pedicure ever!
4	I'm new to Charlotte and have been looking all over for a good replacement of my nail place in DC. If you get your nails done often enough, you know that good quality mani/pedis that look great and actually last are hard to come by. That's why I was so excited that this place is only two blocks from my place AND exceeds my quality expectations. The only reason for 4 stars is that it seems that they're so busy that they could use more staff and/or more chairs. Unless you make an appointment it's hard to just walk in, which is different than places in DC where walk-ins were the regular. So, make sure you call before you stop by. I will definitely be coming here regularly!
4	I went hear today as my first time.  They are a great nail salon in uptown Charlotte!  I will definitely be going back.  They are moving in November to a new street front location off of Trade St. behind Kings Kitchen.  Definitely worth checking out!  The staff was friendly and everyone I spoke with spoke very good english!
2	Stopping in for a mani/pedi on a whim and was less than impressed by the condition of the salon and the lack of professionalism among staff. I'm very new to Charlotte and wanted to visit a salon of high quality.This is not what I received during my visit.There were no slippers available and my manicurist had me stay at the foot bowl while she did my manicure--mainly because i couldn't walk on the floor. Tacky to say the least. For the price I would have expected better services. The staff was super friendly and and conversational, however, some of the conversations were a bit too personal and inappropriate for the salon environment. They could do well with better hospitality, uniforms, better interior design and protocols. This was my first visit and will be my last.
5	Great Salon!! I will be making my 2nd visit today or tomorrow.  Mike did my nails on the last visit and I am looking forward to the next.  Very attentive, nice conversation (which is very important in the service industry). Plus he did a super, super job.
