5	What a great box!  Dropped in for the day, and immediately felt at home.  Everyone introduced themselves, and Leo did a great job of pushing me during the WOD.  I'd go back any time in Phoenix.
5	Max Force is amazing! I have had the opportunity to workout at several Crossfit boxes in the Phoenix area and this one is by far my favorite. The coach I've worked with the most is Heather, the owner, and I've seen huge improvements in my lifts and endurance since I've started here. She really takes the time to teach her athletes about proper technique and she is a great source for nutrition advice when you are looking to take it to the next level.Overall, the coaches are all very knowledgable and the programming challenges me to get better every week. My favorite part, however, has to be the community. No matter what your fitness level, everyone is very supportive and you always have someone cheering you on to finish strong.
1	I've been screwed twice on sessions I bought from this place! I've trained at this gym off and on for a year and use to love the workouts but apparently the gym is under new ownership and now my sessions that I bought are no longer good. I can't blame that on the new owner but this is ridiculous and I won't be returning or recommending anybody to go here.
5	Everything I've looked for in a Box! I've been crossfitting for 4+ years now and have finally found a gym where the coaches are knowledgeable, encouraging and always eager to help you reach your personal fitness goals.From nutrition to skills they really know their stuff! The community itself is awesome to be a part of, a real crossfit family, which is hard to find these days.  My husband and I love it, and appreciate the abundance of class times and open gym access. I don't know the old ownership group, but am very pleased with the current one. They program workouts and post them in advance as well as offer different clinics and special classes to fit our needs.The on-ramp for new members is awesome! They really take the time to teach you the correct skills, movements and give nutritional advice so you feel comfortable and confident.I Love that I can call this gym my affiliate and look forward to surpassing more of my personal goals with them in the future!
5	I have been going to Max Force for a couple months now and I could not be happier! I started at a box in south Chandler that is no longer open, and I never got the welcoming feeling from there that I get from Max Force. I have seen more results and improvement in myself these last 2 months at Max Force, than I saw in 6 months at my old box. All the coaches are excellent, the programming works, and form, technique, and mobility are always a focus to keep us all injury-free. Did I mention the owner Heather? She is pretty much amazing and my biggest motivator. I am so lucky to have met Heather and had the chance to join this amazing gym and family that is at Max Force. I recommend this gym to EVERYONE. :) If you have been thinking about trying CrossFit for the first time, Max Force is the place to be!
5	I've met great people at Max Force and truely enjoy working out with them. It is an amazing community to be a part of and makes it easier to drag yourself to the gym after work. Prior to Max Force, I was slugging along at a different box with very little improvement and no real sense of community. The gains and progress after moving to Max Force have been phenomenal. The programming and coaching is great. In just a few months, I can do things I never thought possible.
5	I dont always Crossfit, but when I do, I Go to Maxforce.. No joke, This is real work, this is not your People Magazine on the treadmill reading place. Results however come fast if you are willing to put in the effort. I always heard about this "community" talk and although was part of a box before in Chandler, I never felt that camaraderie until I joined the great Krewe at Maxforce. Im 42 and feel as welcome as some that are 17. I appreciate the coaching especially. Its really important that you have a coach that pays attention to your abilities, but also knows when you can be challenged to reach the next level.
5	I've been getting coached by the current owner of MaxForce, Coach Heather, since January 2014.  I was fairly new to CrossFit at that time, with no fitness background whatsoever.  I was struggling with my form on almost all lifts, unable to do unassisted pull ups, struggled with sit-ups, wall walks, handstand pushups, toes to bar, regular pushups and wall balls.  Once I began to train with her, I improved tremendously.  From kipping, handstand pushups, wall walks, unassisted pull-ups, wall balls, toes to bar, push ups, to my form, all improved with her coaching.Coach Heather is super knowledgeable not only in CrossFit, but in nutrition as well, which is just as important.  She is amazing and a true inspiration who will constantly motivate you and encourage you to keep going and not give up.  Although she has been my coach the longest, Coach Leo is just as awesome, knowledgable and encouraging too. I know that with the help of Coach Heather and the awesome coaches MaxForce has to offer, I will continue to make progress and become a better athlete overtime.  A great CrossFit community has been created at MaxForce, which I'm proud and happy to be a part of.
5	Can't ask for anything more from a workout program. Great coaches and great people to work out with, plenty of classes every day. Crossfit can be intimidating if you're new, but they have an on-ramp program to get you started and ease in to it. I'm in the best shape of my life, I can actually do pull-ups!
