5	They do a great job! Ive been going here for many years, and they are prompt and they have good customer service.If you go you should get the stylist Tommy, he is the owner and he styles hair as well. I recommend him for two main reasons, one he is very good at giving you the look you want, but he is also very funny. He talks to you and he has this chinese accent and its hilarious to listen to. but overall this place is awesome! incase anyone doesnt know they used to be Hong Kong Hair in the Cathay House plaza on Spring Mtn. and Decatur... same people
5	Wonderful place to get your hair done. I've been patronizing this salon since 2003 when I first moved to Vegas from San Francisco. Wouldn't even think about going anywhere else...
5	I've been going to this salon and seeing theresa since they were on spring mountain.. they've since moved to Durango to a more spacious building with more stations, a nail salon, waxing, and skin care! the salon is well managed and kept well,  everyone is friendly and welcoming.so now... I don't want to swamp my girl theresa, but she's the best! she's been my stylist for about 2 years... color and cuts... and she never disappoints me.  if I say... 'trim, but keep my length.' that's exactly what I'm going to get.  she always remembers what I did before and openly gives me an opinion if I need it.   I never feel like she hacked my hair off like most places I've been.  she's super friendly and personable and is very up to date with hair styles.  some ppl u show thema pic and say, this is what I want... an u get something totally different.  not with theresa!  she's on point...they are very professional and I will go no where else for my hair cuts and color...LOVE YOU THERESA! ;D
5	Teresa at Epiphany is my go to hair stylist.  She always cuts my hair the way I like it and talks to me the entire time to ensure what she's doing is what I want done.   If you show her pictures, she will do her best to mimick the cut.  All my friends in the Southwest area frequent her for trims, haircuts, and all over head color and highlights.  Everyone is always happy with their results.I recommend Teresa if you are in the neighborhood or simply looking for a good haircut/style!  She even gives you a nice blowout style when you're done with your haircut!!!  Definitely a plus!
4	I Have heard of Epiphany Beauty Salon, and great things about it. I now see you have one more incredible person there, My stylist Chris Garcia! He is simply amazing and kind and Great with hair! Chris has been doing my hair for 4 years now and I love him and don't really trust any one with my hair. He took my mess from a bad morning without coffee(never good) to wedding day picture perfect! I would recommend him to any one and Have. My best friend is having him do her hair for her 15 year wedding anniversary! I can't wait to see how beautiful she will be after he transforms her hair!
5	Chris Garcia has been doing my daughter's and my hair for the past three years and is our go-to stylist. Chris is knowledgeable, friendly, creative and terrific at what he does. He is an asset to the Epiphany family.
2	I had a gel manicure for the first time at this location and I was not impressed. The woman doing my nails literally just filed my nails and painted them. No soaking or trimming the cuticles. After she finished painting my nails (in record time) she didn't apply any lotion to my dry, hot hands after they'd been treated under the UV light used to dry the gel. When I asked if she could apply lotion to my hands she set the bottle in front of me and said nothing. If you're looking for more than a 15 minute treatment with no lotion, massage, or soaking then maybe try else where first.
5	try Elaines nails she is sooo good better than other reviews this whole salon is beautiful and clean
5	This place is Fantastic. I have been going here since i was in 6th grade. Now im in college Epiphany has a location. Is very clean and has great service.
5	Simply the best .....:)
4	Here is my first review and it's all thanks to Chris! Chris told me that he is usually an assistant, so at first I was a little bit tense. Soon enough, though, Chris got me real comfortable. He is very funny, I was laughing for nearly the entire haircut. He worked really well with me. I think that, for a guy, I have a lot to say and Chris was very patient. Chris likes to communicate, which I REALLY like. Onto the haircut, I came in with a messed up haircut that my friend did for me. Chris said she did a good job although I begged to differ. Haha. Well, what can I say? The haircut was comfortable, I told him what I wanted, and that's what I got! Thanks for a great job Chris. I'll be back!
5	I've been getting my hair cut from them since 2002.  The quality never changed and so did my satisfaction level.
1	Funny I came in with an epiphany to get my nails done and a crowd of willing to spend customers (5 all together). No one greeted us and when the clinician finally came over she told she was the only one on shift and she couldn't fit us in - it was Saturday afternoon and the place was empty except for the hair salon area. Anyway, it was definitely a bad first impression. I read some really good reviews but I'm pretty sure I won't be coming here again.
2	Everyone there was nice, but I did not like my haircut. After reading reviews on Yelp, I thought I'd try this place out. I took a photo of the haircut I wanted. A nice man cut my hair, but when I left I felt like I had some version of a boys' bowl cut. It was more of a barber-style cut than a salon cut. I won't be going back.
5	I am super particular about my hair. My hair is me and I am my hair. Lol.I've gone to about 5 people in the last year and I am not content with mediocre. Then ...I met Theresa (not sure of the exact spelling of her name) :D!She spent a lot of time on my layers, face framing and bangs. I am so happy to have found her. She is very detailed, as it everyone at the salon. My mom actually goes to Tommy and really likes what he does with her hair (and she is just as picky as I am).I am happy to say I have found a new hair lady!!BTW! They're prices are veryyy reasonable! I'm half Indian, I would know (:
3	The concept is cool, hair salon combined with a nail salon. It's a one stop fix. The place is really nice, clean, spacious, organized.. As for the haircut itself.. I was a bit disappointed.  My hair dresser did not listen to what I had wanted, instead did what he thought would be best for me. I understand that there were dead ends that needed to be cut off in order for my hair to look healthy.. but I told him I really did not want to take any length off. He cuts off 3 inches ..  and that was the end!
5	Nice..
5	This is my first review and all because of Tommy! I came to this place from the recommendation of my sister who was recommended by her friend. First time in my life that I got the haircut that I wanted. I tend to stay away from layers because of my failed past experience with it. It always ends up choppy or just uneven and messy. Well that was not the case after Tommy did my hair. When I came to work the next day, all I got was compliments galore! Thanks Tommy!
1	I wanted to give this nail salon a try because my mom loves it here. My mom made an appointment for both of us today, 9/25 at 4PM. We walk in and my mom goes up to the nail tech and she said we have an appointment to get our nails done and he said he had a appointment at 4PM. My mom said she made the appointment and the nail tech said "okay pick a color." I continue to pick a color and another customer walked in that the employees knew because this customer received a very warm welcoming. She said she had a appointment at 4PM. Me and this customer argued about having an appointment and the receptionist even questioned when I made the appointment and told me I could wait. I told them what's the point of making an appointment, I don't even want them doing my nails, and I'll go somewhere else. This place has the worst service. They could have easily accommodated me and the other customer but sided with their regular customer and even chose to question/argue when I made the appointment. I will never recommend this place to anyone. The treatment was just horrible. They only care about their regulars instead of taking care of new customers.
5	I cut my hair in the store this month, I like it very much.the hair stylist Gary is  so professional that I feel very satisfied with his skill!!! I need say thank you ,Gary!Very good! I will go back next month.
5	One of my close gfs recommended me this salon a few months ago and I have to tell you that I'm glad I came!! I'm pretty pleased to finally find a good and cheap nail salon! I was very impressed to find out that they only charge 20-25 bucks for gel nails! I also had the french pedicure which was $5 extra like most places.The gentlemen that took care of me was very friendly and really put an effort to work on my manicure and pedicure! they have several stations for more convenience, so you dont have to wait! So if you are in the area and your nails need some work, do not forget to pass by!
5	Make sure to ask for Tommy, he is the best! Been getting my hair cut from him for more than 5 yrs now
5	Great salon! Highly recommended. Ask for Tommy. I haven't had a haircut in awhile so to say my hair was a mess is an understatement. I told Tommy that I needed a clean up but I didn't want to mess with the length. I wanted light layers (but not choppy). He did EXACTLY as I requested and throughout the haircut he assured me that he wasn't cutting too much off. He even gave me tips on how to straighten my hair without damaging it. On top of a great haircut, everyone was pleasant and the prices are great.
5	Great place for a haircut! Gets it exactly how I want it every time! I have been coming to this place for years and years and years, and even before that when they were still on spring mountain. Tommy is great! I always ask for him!!
4	My daughter had her bridal hair  (by Tommy) and make up (his wife) done recently.    We didn't have a clear vision and Tommy whipped up her long hair in one hour and we all left happy.   She received lots of compliments about the hair and makeup.   Kudos to the couple.
5	My family have been going to Tommy, to get our haircuts for years. Even before Epiphany opened here at this location, it use to be near Chinatown.Needless to say I couldn't work the caveman look very well, and my father called to make the appointment. I would also like to make a note that I extremely dread haircuts thus explain the "caveman" look.Tommy was very friendly and professional, he trimmed my hair just as I requested without making it look too short. It was quick and painless, and ultimately changed my opinion on getting my hair cut at a salon.I will most definitely be going back here the next time I need my hair trim,Thanks Tommy :D
5	I started coming to Epiphany when they opened at this location. My hair dresser moved out of town and I needed a new place. Tommy cut my hair and I fell in love!!  He knew exactly what I was looking for when I tried to describe how my hair behaves. Tommy has continued to do a marvelous job and I keep coming back. Even after I moved to North Las Vegas, I find this salon to be worth the drive!
