5	Dr. Pederson's office is nowhere near where I live, but she is the only vet I will take my dogs to as long as I live in Las Vegas. I've never felt like she was trying to sell me on extra things or services. Last winter, my dog started getting very sick on a weekend, and I took her to the nearest  vet (NOT Dr. Pederson), and after taking X-rays she recommended exploratory surgery for $3000+, and that "there was a dog here last night, and he almost died because by the time they did the surgery, the intestines were almost cut through, etc. etc." Totally using the fear tactic, and freaked me out. I waited until Monday and took my dog to Dr. Pederson. She gave my dog some chalk looking drink to make sure there was no blockage and when she saw that it went through the dog's system, she gave us some soft foods, and within the next two days, my dog was back to her normal self. I also needed to have our dogs' teeth cleaned, and she suggested I wait until February because it's free anesthesia month, and it'll save me money. I can't think of one bad thing about that place. LOVE HER!
5	I agree with LJ.She may not be the cheapest for routine vaccines, but when there's a serious problem she is reasonable, helpful and anything but s rip off. And she legitimately cares about her patients. It's nice having that feeling when bring in your pets.
5	Dr. Pederson and Karen and the entire staff are amazing!!! I LOVE THEM! I took my cat, Panda, in for an ultrasound and found a problem with her intestines. We scheduled surgery for the very next morning and after a 3 night stay at the hospital, I am happy to report my baby is doing great! I had brought her to 3 other vets for the same problem, consistent vomiting, and after blood work and xrays showing nothing, I was referred to Dr. Pederson by my dad and I loved her instantly! All of the other vets said we needed to redo blood work and x-rays- why? What were they hoping would show up? More money for them, I assume. Dr. Pederson said there was no need to rerun these tests and ultrasound was the way to go. I know she saved my baby's life! She had necrotic intestinal tissue which was caused by a blockage and needed to be removed. She also discovered that Panda had some steel mesh inside which was used to hold things together after her spay when she was 6 months old (from another vet I no longer use). She told me she removed it because it was not necessary to be there and they should never have used it on her since it stays in their bodies for life. What?! I could not believe my ears! Here I had brought her to this other vet years ago (she is 8 now) who I trusted only to find out they did this botched job on my baby! Dr. Pederson just took it upon herself to remove that material and there was no extra fee for that. I am so appreciative! She wanted to do what was right for Panda, regardless. I am so eternally grateful to Dr. Pederson and her loving staff for taking superior care of my kid! She even stayed overnight with Panda while she was in recovery. Who does this?!?! Someone with a great love and compassion for our furry friends. They have me for life! I honestly cannot say enough great things about this amazing hospital. She truly has a passion for her work and is in it for the right reasons. So nice to find someone with integrity and compassion!
1	My parents took their yellow lab, Sam, to Dr. Pederson last spring when he wouldn't put weight on his back leg. She diagnosed arthritis (without taking an x-ray) and prescribed medication. Three months later (in August), they took him back when he wasn't any better. This time she X-rayed and saw the cancer tumor and immediately scheduled him for amputation of the leg. I live out of state and told my parents to expect the vet to want Sam to start chemo after the amputation. Dr. Pederson never mentioned chemo to them. I begged them to go to another vet, knowing that Sam's bone cancer would spread to his lungs and kill him in 3-4 months otherwise. They trusted Dr. Pederson (also, my dad was going through chemo at the time so they were preoccupied with his health).  I visited Las Vegas for Thanksgiving and on the day I arrived, Mom told me Sam had stopped eating. My dad took him to Dr. Pederson the next day. She told him that Sam had an infection but was "cancer-free".  She sold him some expensive dog food.  Sam still would not eat.  The next day I called Dr. Pederson and asked her if she wanted to do a chest x-ray.  She said no because Sam wasn't gasped for air enough. I spoke to my mom and she agreed to take Sam to another vet that same day. The second vet did a chest x-ray which showed 30 metastatic cancer tumors in Sam's lungs. Sam was put to sleep on the Saturday after Thanksgiving.
