4	I have lived here for 5 months. Diana Hansen, the property manager is attentive and responsive. Great Job Diana. All the vendors they hire to keep the landscaping, pools and buildings in good repair are doing their job well. It is always clean, well groomed and everything works like it is suppose to work. My neighbors are pretty cool too.
5	I lived at Bella Vista from April 2011-12. It was a great choice for me because I could walk to work and be in my office in 5 minutes. I had a one bedroom first floor apartment and it was an upgraded unit on the south side of the community facing east so I paid a premium for rent. I was close to the south pool and I usually had it all to myself. There are gas grills near the north end of the complex and charcoal grills all over the south side. The north side pool is heated and there's an adjacent hot tub. The community gym- while small- is well equipped and not at all crowded. Storage space was ample and I never had any issues with maintenance, scorpions or other pests.The leasing process was simple- I applied online and paid my deposits online. I also paid my monthly rent through the myequityapartment website. That made life convenient and I never had an issue using it.The only con about Bella Vista was the noisy neighbor I had upstairs, but she was nice and friendly at least. She also had loud sex sometimes, which was entertaining.Spring and her office staff are great. I don't know what the previous reviewer was doing when dealing with them, but I never had any issues remotely similar. The location is ten minutes from everywhere and safe and close to the conveniences that you need (groceries, gas, restaurants, freeways, etc.).
1	Read reviews elsewhere to get the real picture.  This place is getting really, really bad.  Corporate management needs to change out the office staff and enforce posted policies before this whole complex goes to ruin.  It's so sad to see such a pretty location be handled so poorly.  It could be (and used to be) a great complex.  Now it's not worth the high rent they charge, the crime you'll be exposed to, and the noisy neighbors.
3	One month after I moved in, the property changed owners.  Since then rents have skyrocketted due to apartment and community rennovations.  I selected this community based on location and rent.  Now with the increase in rent, I feel like I will be forced to leave at renewal.  Apartments are nice already and the new owners are adding flooring and new countertops just to charge more rent.  Also walls are thin.  My neighbor just bought a small dog that barks all day and night.  I can also hear the person above me walk (which I understand happens in apartments).The community also rents 3 bdrm apartments which bring along children.  The children are often running around unsupervised yelling and screaming in the courtyards.  Can be annoying alll day on a Saturday.In addition, the community is gated.  They will not give you a code to get in rather when guests want to visit, they have to find your name on the keypad which calls your cell phone.  Once your cell rings, you can press a number to open the gate.  Its a hassle for friends and if you need to have a taxi pick you up.
5	Bella Vista apartments are superb in terms of the renovations to make them even more attractive than before.  Management is above and beyond in terms of meeting reasonable expectations of your every-day citizen.  The men who see to repairs are timely in response and do not leave until a problem is resolved.  They cannot fix something which is not actually a problem related to the product being serviced but is the user's fault.  I have lived here for over a year and am handicapped.  Management is extremely helpful in every way possible to make this complex a home for its residents.  I have never heard water running above me.  Yes, I can hear them walking, but it is an apartment, not a private residence.Yes, it is a gated community which is a huge benefit to all who live here.  It is not as if anyone complaining about it now was not aware of it when the first drove up and signed the paperwork to live here.As stated earlier, the men who provide maintenance services have always responded in a timely manner and have fixed whatever the problem was.  They have been very polite and have offered assistance above and beyond the basics. They cannot fix the inability of an individual who is perhaps at fault due to insufficient experience with equipment.Again, management at this facility is superb in meeting the needs of residents.
5	Will take a minute to let everyone know what a pleasure it has been at Bella Vista.  Having been a resident for three years,  and renewing for another year,  it is my intention to stay indefinitely.   Every request I have made has been  PROMPTLY  taken care of with a big smile I might add.   The area is quietand secure and I find all my neighbors are respectful of each other's space.  After having been in a house for 35 years,  and taking care of all the problems of a home owner,  life at Bella Vista is a pleasure. The management team are anxious to take care of every reasonable request and I find every team member friendly and anxious to take proper care of the property.   As an example the maintenance team are outevery morning cleaning the common area and making sure all is in order.   The pool area features comfortable furniture that ties in with the overall look of Bella Vista.  All the buildings have been completely reprinted,  and the guests I have had in my unit have all commented on how great the buildings look.   I will recommend Bella Vista to anyone who is looking for property with a great location and a comfortable life style.  There is a great hotel across the street and restraints close by for and evening out.  In closing,  one can say I am a very satisfied  Bella Vista resident.  I
1	Renters beware of these apartments and the fake customer service you will experience.  The complex  seems quiet when you first move in but then you get noisy neighbors above you that bang, hammer, and let their kids run around all night long it's just satisfying.  I have tried to complain to the property manager numerous times and she says this is normal living noise for a tenant.  Needless to say the property manager and I don't see eye to eye...I have had the water heater go out, the refrigerator died after a month of moving in, and the paint on the cabinets chips off.  The tubs are outdated and they painted them white to look updated.I do love the location but I am counting the days until my lease is up.
