3	Nice place. Very elegant decor.Had a craving for Thai after studying for finals so i went during dinner time on a Monday night. Not exactly "A" material.Pad Thai (Chicken) 7.50For a togo order it was a bit...small. Other places fill the whole box up but one section was left empty for a wedge of lime and ground peanuts, that section could have had a few extra strands of rice noodle!Taste wise it was...sub standard. It was missing a lot of spicy and strong flavors associated with Thai food. Sugar must have been on sale, bit into a large piece of scrambled egg and tasted more sweet then egg, or sauce, or spicy for that matter.Yellow Curry (Chicken) 8.75Piggybacking on the Pad Thai, yeah sugar was on sale cause there was more sweetness then anything else in this curry. Had slices of chili but no heat. Very weak curry essence. Strong coconut milk presence.If this place was an authentic Thai restaurant it would get Zero stars. But they advertise as an Americanized Thai restaurant so for that they get the job done.
4	I decided to give this place a try and I was pleasantly surprised.  I've been back several times since.  I love the pineapple curry chicken and my friend loves pad thai.  His favorite part is that they bring you a tray with fresh peppers, red pepper flakes, and other fixings so you can adjust the heat of the dish to your taste.  We also mentioned on our first visit that we would have like some cilantro and they've remembered that request every time we've visited since.  Great staff, friendly service, wonderful food!
3	Americanized. Everything is very sweet. Ordered the Pad See-Ew, Tom Yum soup, and the Beef salad. Decent price, although I have to compliment their interior. Very modern and clean.
5	Have dined in most of the Thai restaurants in Vegas and Panna stands out above the rest. Service is phenomenal, and the decor is extremely modern and well done. Now, I know some people enjoy the coconut type Thai food with the sweet tea, etc. etc, but I prefer the Tough Love from my Thai. Panna makes truly hot, spicy food that can easily bring a grown man to tears. I'm sweating a bit right now just thinking about it. So, if you like authentic hot spicy Thai food, Panna is definitely the way to go.
4	If you are in the area, stop by for lunch or dinner.  The food and service is surprisingly good.  There is always room for improvement, but they are still new - so, keep an open mind.  The restaurant is very nicely decorated - modern, clean with authentic Thai touches.  Check it out.  Also, they are open to your suggestions.  Asked to speak to the owners if they are available.  I had their lunch special, Stir-Fried Basil and Chili with Ground Pork.  It was good.  Also, I had their Thai Beef Jerky - that too was good.  I look forward to visiting them again and trying their other specialty dishes.
5	If you're in the mood for good thai food, stop by. They  have a great Tom Yum Chicken soup, and my daughter loves the skewers. My favorite is the beef salad xtra spicy. The staff is VERY friendly and you get served rather quickly. They even deliver if you do not feel like going out.. This is our favorite place after soccer practice. I highly encourage you to give em a try
4	Thai food is just delicious but Panna Thai makes it irresistible.  Food is scrumptious with good portions.  Ambiance is very private, mellow yet warm & friendly.  Prices are very reasonable (almost like Thai BBQ).Overall ~ will be coming back for more!
2	Eaten inside once and we get take out from here often. We used to love this place but the food has suffered a little bit in the past few months and I'm sure the reason is lack of business i.e. changing from fresh mushrooms to canned and charging $2 to add a few to curry?!?! Yuck & pricey! They've also gone from using good quality cuts of meat to some cheap stew meat that is laden with fat in the different currys, this has happened on several occasions.The food is OK and the people are always friendly but it is starting to feel a bit overpriced for what you get. Nice atmosphere for dining in. I do recommend trying it and seeing what you think. We typically get the yellow curry w/beef and the basil noodle dinner, both were very good but quality has definitely been going down hill.
5	I've been to many thai restaurants in Vegas, but this one is my favorite. Why? Because they have the best sticky rice and pork jerky! I can't get enough of that stuff. Reminds me of eating on the streets of Thailand. They also have a great beef sate, its hard to find good sate, a lot of times you'll end up with a rough, dried piece of meat on a stick but not here, its tender and delicious! But if you're in the mood for something simple, try the pad see-ew, really good, the noodles are cooked so perfectly. I love it when I eat pad see-ew and there's that frangrant smell of the stir-fried noodles, can't really explain it, but it smells soooo good!
5	We got recommended by a friend so we gave it a shot It is a bit further from Vegas Strips but it's worth driving and try.The interior is clean and chic. Service is warm welcome.Price is reasonable compared to the portion and the quality of food.Most importantly the taste is very good and considered authentic.I love the Beef sa-te, Spicy Crab noodle, fried banana. We definitely will go back and try more dishes. Sooooo yummy!!!
5	This is a great resturant, the food is good and so are the prices. I ordered the garlic ribs and pad thai or whatever it's called and it came out to be under $25, so it's a cheap dinner place for 2. Friendly staff aswell.
5	LOVE PANNA THAI.  I used to Live in Thailand and sometimes feel like a Thai food snob.  This is authentic--they actually speak Thai there.  They are truly Thai style restauranteurs and people.  The beef salad is delicious if you want something healthy.  Best Thom Kar ever!!  My BFs mom from Texas still talks about it.  The staples are great Panang, veggies, Thom Yum, everything really.  The decor inside is warm but modern.  Often we just get it delivered.  I would def recommend.
5	I was in town for the weekend and got invited to a birthday celebration there. There were about 20 of us and yet the service was excellent! We ordered a plethora of appetizers and dishes as well as various drinks and honestly nothing was left out.What was really shocking was that they gave out free refills for the Thai iced teas! We asked if this was complimentary but they informed us that they usually only do it for regular customers like us. Talk about getting on their good side!Overall this was a great place to go for both food and service, the restaurant itself was very clean and tidy and even had a flat screen tv so we could watch the NBA finals. How did we end the night? Fried coconut covered bananas. YUM :D
5	Finally tried somewhere different than the usual few restaurants I usually go to in Summerlin. Driving way out to the southwest to try a new restaurant was a big adventure for me :)  Boy, was it worth it.  I go to Archi's very frequently, and I still love that place, but the Tom-Yum soup at Panna Thai was mind blowing.  This is the first time I've ever used that expression, BTW--"mind blowing."  Also loved the vegetable egg rolls and pad thai w/ tofu.  Service was top-notch.  Interior of restaurant was lovely.  I already can't wait to go again.
4	I love this place because not only does it have amazing authentic thai cuisine but it's not some hole in the wall with dirty bathrooms and horrible customer service. Which is all I seem to find when looking for a Thai food restaurant. The prices are fair and during the season they have delicious  sticky rice with mango. So worth the drive from the north side of town of which I live.
4	Went to this spot because it was close to the Putt Park. Sadly Putt Park was a huge let down, but thankfully the restaurant was YUMMY!We ordered a little bit of everything. The waiter was great. We were pretty much the only table there which can lead to servers being all over you or nowhere in sight but not our guy :) I will definitely go back.
4	I LOVE SPICY FOOD.....They have the best BEEF SALAD and the CHICKEN YELLOW CURRY I ever tasted in Thai Restaurants... Awesome place...I work in the same plaza, so we order there all the time for lunch... I'm always leave happy when I order from there...=)
2	This review is going to sound harsh, so let me preface by saying that I tend to review Thai restaurants based on my own opinion of the flavors in the food.  This means that quality of service, atmosphere, etc. are not necessarily going to sway my review much.  With that said, this place had GREAT service.  Even though I came in with a coupon for $25, I felt like a regular customer within minutes!  The atmosphere is very upscale, and easy jazz music fills the dining area.  Oh, and they do have good Thai tea.Now on to the food!  I ordered the tom kha soup with chicken (khi), the papaya salad, and the green curry with beef.  None of these were very memorable or impressive, unfortunately.  I also think that they Americanize a few dishes to some degree, but not as much as some other Thai restaurants.The Tom kha was sweet with no lemongrass or galanga root.  The over all flavor was quite Americanized, in my opinion, and there wasn't anything that really stood out here.  The papaya salad was vinegary in flavor, and otherwise not notable.  The papaya was very crunchy though.  The green curry was suggested by my waitress as her favorite curry, although she didn't seem very enthusiastic about her own choice.  The green curry was a bit thicker than a lot other places, however it was rather light in the flavor department.  It seemed more like a stew with coconut juice mixed in.  On the plus side, it wasn't overly sweet.  The beef was a little tough though. I asked the waitress if the sweet sticky rice with custard was extremely sweet, or just a little sweet... she said that it was too sweet for her, so I passed on the dessert.  Overall, I would say that it would be very easy to fall in love with this place if I lived in the area, and I didn't have a particular taste when it comes to Thai food.  However, I can't say that I can squeeze in that extra star for Panna Thai due to my picky, snobby opinions.  Sorry, Panna!
4	My wife and I went there for supper last night. This place is close to where we live. It was my birthday and I just finished doing a 12 hours shift. Tired and hungry, wouldn't really care less driving to other Thai restaurants in the Chinatown area. It took a while for the two of us to get seated. No one was waiting in line, but the one hostess/server was busy serving the tables and taking take out orders. Hence the wait for a table. We ordered wings of angel which was boneless chicken wings stuffed with a combination of minced pork and clear noodle, green curry chicken, pad thai, and duck noodle soup. The stuff chicken wings were excellent with just a perfect blend of seasonings in the minced pork and rice noodle. The duck noodle was also delightful. The soup had very nice flavor to complement the duck. The spicy green curry (even though we ordered it mild) was a little bit too hot for me. The pad thai was bland. Couldn't figure out why the pad thai (a staple in all Thai restaurants) was so tasteless. It wasn't until I got the bill that I found out the waitress put the order down with special instructions that said "no spice". No wonder it was bland. I would definitely come back and try some more of their other dishes like the yellow and green curry. Well worth the money, especially since we had the restuarants.com coupon. When we arrived there wasn't too many tables seated, but when we were about leave the restaurant was quite full. Pretty good business for a Wednesday night.  I deducted one star for the pad thai.
3	The decor was nice and exotic... food was decent.But the SERVICE OMG.We waited forever... and I had to go ask if someone could come and get our order.  They did not even give us anything to drink after we sat down.  I think the place is new, but seriously, if you wanna open a restaurant, train your servers.The whole experience would have been at least four stars if we did not have to starve.
4	The lunch specials include a broad range for just about any taste preference.  Ground pork with basil & chili hit the spot with miso soup and a small salad.  The service team is polite, friendly and attentive.  As a newly arrived resident of the Las Vegas valley, Panna is the 'best' Thai restaurant I've tried so far.  With my office close by, my return is assured.
3	Another Thai restaurant experience - lunch specials are the way to go I tell you!First off, Panna Thai Restaurant looks a bit more upscale than your average Thai joint, which I think reflects in the price as well.We walked in to a relatively empty restaurant on a weekday.  As the waiter brought us to our table, he immediately asked if we had any coupons (before we even sat down).  We did not, but apparently they do have a lot floating around and are a bit restrictive about how they are used.  I think they are also on restaurant.com too.Lunch specials are available everyday from 11 am to 4 pm.  They all include a fried wonton, fresh salad, steamed rice, and soup of the day.  (You can substitute fried rice or brown rice for $1 more.)  Started off with miso soup.  Interesting choice. I went for the Yellow Curry Lunch Special with Tofu "Thai yellow curry and Thai herbs served with Jasmine rice." ($6.95).   Fried tofu and potatoes were the main components of my dish.  Raw bell peppers decorated the top.  I wished they cooked the veggies with the curry though.  The fried wonton had peas and carrots in it - a bit different than what you normally find inside one of those things.  The biggest problem I had was with the rice.  It was mushy - too much water in the cooker!  It's never a good sign when the rice gets messed up! The Husband tried out their Garlic Short Ribs Lunch Special "Deep fried short ribs sauteed with garlic and black pepper sauce served with Jasmine rice." ($6.95)  It was a tasty dish and lots of flavor, but then again it's deep fried and it sounds like it would be tasty.Overall, we found Panna Thai to be just an okay experience.  There are definitely a few other Thai restaurants in the neighborhood that has a foot up on selection, taste, and price.
4	My friend and I went there and the staff was quite welcoming ... We went there during the weekday in the evening after a long day of work. The place was clean, well decorated and thier presentation of the food was nice. Thing i didn't like was ... the wait on the food was a bit long. My friend brough her daughter so of course the little one was getting a bit ancy ... after the wait ... the food wasn't that bad ... i enjoy their salads!
4	The Yellow Curry that i ordered was AMAZING, very flavorful and just spicy enough to keep every bite interesting.My only complaint is the amount of rice given... they only give 1 bowl of rice per order, and that is not nearly enough for an avid rice fan like me...(it also costs $1.50 for another small bowl)Also tried the Fried Banana as  the dessert and the presentation was ELEGANT, the fried banana was coated in coconut and it tasted GOOD with the lemony type sauce it came with.Great food and the price is definitely do-able.Would go back there again simply for their Curry.
4	Really yummy I would have the calamari and the the soup was delicious. The music is very relaxing and the bathrooms are really clean.  Also love the mango salad.
3	I got a certificate off of restaurant.com for this place, so I decided to use it last night with my boyfriend and my brother.We were greeted and seated when we came in. I handed the man the certificate and he looked at it and said okay. We got our water and looked over the menus.We ordered chicken panang curry, bbq spare ribs, beef pad see ew, and beef pad Thai. Each dish was a medium in spicyness. When we ordered, my boyfriend asked the waitress if it all comes with rice and she said that the ribs and curry did, so he asked her if it was enough for all of us or if we should order more rice. She said that we don't need more rice because we have the pad thai and the pad see ew and that's what you eat with the dishes. EXCUSE ME!? Who are you to tell us what we eat with our dishes? We're Filipino, we eat EVERYTHING with rice, even noodles! So of course we were a little embarrassed to even order anymore rice. The food came after about 10 minutes. My favorite dish was the panang, sooo good! The ribs were really good also, so soft and soo flavorful. The pad see ew and pad thai were average.The reason why I'm giving them 3 stars instead of 4 is because of their service. No one EVER smiled, asked us how we were doing, or initiated any type of conversation. I saw some other customers come in after us and the servers started talking to them, smiling, and even laughing, so they're obviously capable of doing so, they just didn't with us. I guess it's just one of those places that already have their favorite customers and don't do anything to try and get people to come back. Good food, poor attitudes = 3 stars
4	While I was a bit surprised that Pad Thai is not on the lunch special menu it is easily one of my favorite places to go for lunch.  Service is generally fast enough for an hour lunch and the $8 specials have decent variety.My fav is the yellow curry, though everything I have tried has been tasty.  Also, I love the decor.
2	Like using Ketchup on spaghetti.After much consideration, and a coin flip, we decided on coming to Panna Thai for dinner last night.  The interior was clean and inviting.  I loved the giant golden elephant paintings on the wall and their Christmas tree made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.  The service was fine as well.  The food is what deems Panna a 2 star joint.  We ordered the fried calamari and the pad thai with tofu.Fried Calamari - Large rings of calamari were a bit tough and quite dry.  The breading had an interesting flavor that wasn't offensive, just not something I was eager to eat.  It was served on a plate of shredded lettuce, but much of the breading fell off, creating a swamp like pile of dusty breading, very unpleasing to the eye.Pad Thai w/ tofu - The Pad Thai here uses a tamarind sauce, which tasted like Gochujang (Korean red pepper paste) and not much else.  This was like boiling spaghetti noodles, adding ketchup and calling it Italian.  The sauce was heavy, and slumped on my palate long after dinner.Panna falls short of being good Americanized Thai food.  I prefer the authentic flavors found at other restaurants (where's the kaffir lime leaves, fish sauce, galanga, etc...??) Bottom Line: Panna Thai is clean and inviting with good service, but the food leaves a lot to be desired.
4	Satay is something rather ubiquitous in my home country of Australia. Being situated close to South East Asia we have quality Asian restaurants in the same way the South Western United States enjoys incredible Mexican food. Satay dishes are so commonplace that in Australia they appear on the menu at regular Chinese restaurants.Living in Vegas now I've missed satay and even though Malaysian satay (my preference) can be hard to find, Thai satay is an acceptable alternative. Panna Thai takes that alternative and makes it in the best possible way.Every time we go here I order the Satay Chicken as a dinner portion and both sauce and chicken are incredible. It comes served with egg fried rice and the standard little cucumber salad and is delicious from first bite to last. The chicken is exquisitely basted and marinaded and the peanut sauce perfection itself.When my wife and I go here we usually enjoy the vegetable summer rolls as a pleasant, fresh appetizer to share and she raves about her vegetarian pad thai with fried tofu. I've also ordered the BBQ pork noodle soup which is similarly tasty, but overkill when you're ordering a big plate of Satay.Service is always attentive and friendly.My only real gripe with Panna Thai is their lack of a fountain drinks machine and the requirement to buy cans of Coke (or whatever) if you want something non-alcoholic other than filtered tap water. This, of course, means no soda refills.Overall though, Panna Thai is a great option. Their menu might not be as extensive as some, but they have more than enough to satisfy everyone.
4	I LOVE Asian food. LOVE LOVE LOVE it. Even if it is Americanized - seeing as how I live in America and all - I still can't help but embrace every greasy morsel of food every time I eat at an Asian restaurant. Even moreso, I love Thai food. Panna Thai just happens to be another reason I love Thai food. My boyfriend and I had a restaurant.com coupon because I joined The Dinner of the Month Club when they were having a crazy deal a while ago. I get a $25 certificate once a month, plus one complimentary $50 gift certificate for the year, and it all costed only $24 dollars for the year! Crazy, right?! Anyway, we decided to use our first one for Panna Thai, because I was craving Thai food (and honestly, who isn't?!)The restaurant is located kind of in the middle of no where.. on Fort Apache and Russell. It was 8 pm at night on a Saturday.. and there were like two other tables in there when we walked in. A slow night, it seemed. Nevertheless, I still wanted some Thai food, and with the decent reviews on Yelp, I decided I wanted to splurge.I ordered a Thai iced tea to start out with. I have never had a Thai iced tea before, so I am not sure how they are supposed to taste, but it was DE-LICIOUS! I would go back and get those anyday.For our appetizer, we had the ever-so traditional crab rangoons. My boyfriend agrees, as well - these crab rangoons were some of the best we have ever had! The crab to cream cheese ratio was perfect. Because the kitchen was not busy at all, our entrees came soon after. We ordered the Pineapple Fried Rice and the Pepper steak to share between the two of us. Let me tell you, these two dishes filled us UP! We were so full, and it was all delicious. I am a sucker for fried rice and the addition of pineapple was just the perfect amount of sweetness.While dinner was wonderful and the crab rangoons WOWED us, dessert was my favorite. And honestly, what kind of girl doesn't love dessert?! Because we were full, we decided to order just one dessert. We ordered the fried bananas with coconut ice cream. A-MAZING! I wanted to throw it up and eat it again, it was so good. Overall, it was a great experience. I'd definitely go again, especially to try more of the menu. It's pretty big, and this place definitely deserves a few visits in order to get the full experience of the menu! And I'd go  back in a heartbeat for those fried bananas. JIZZ IN MY PANTS!
5	We hadn't had Thai food in ages, and went here last night with another couple and our restaurant.com certificate.  It was our first visit here, and I'm happy to report that we all loved it.We shared a large Tom Kah soup, ordered it medium spicy, and it was perfect.  We also shared a Pad Thai, a Satay dinner (3 chicken, 3 beef), and Asparagus with Shrimp and Mushrooms from the Veggie Lovers section.  I checked the menu online before we went, and was surprised to find that the soup was a lower price in the restaurant than on the website.Six satay skewers don't divide equally by four, so I only had the beef, and it was terrific - tender and moist, with a great peanut sauce on the side.  The Pad Thai would have been fabulous, too, but our friends wanted it mild.  The waiter (owner?) brought the hot stuff on the side, which served the purpose, but I like it better when it's cooked with the food.  Still, it was delicious.  Next time we'll get it with a kick.The asparagus dish was also wonderful - the asparagus was done just right, the shrimp were a decent size and properly cooked.Panna has beer and wine.  I had the house Riesling, which turned out to be Chateau Ste. Michelle, not my favorite Riesling, but a known good brand.  The guys had Singha, the Thai beer.The service was impeccable.  The waiter returned several times to make sure everything was okay.  A waitress came over a few times, too.  The restaurant is pretty, with nice soft lighting and beautiful wall decor.  One thing that really impressed me:  we were the last people to leave the restaurant, so they were doing some closing cleanup on the other side.  I didn't see it, but my friend told me that they were spraying and disinfecting all of the menus.  I appreciate this, since I'm a bit of a germophobe, and don't like handling menus and then eating.  I also think it shows a concern that many restaurants don't have.I look forward to returning to Panna Thai!
3	Traveled here for dinner with a group of friends.  Restaurant has a nice, upscale interior.  Service was prompt and relatively attentive.  The table ordered chicken pad thai, chicken and beef sate, chicken panang curry and pork larb.  Although I did not taste it personally, the pad thai was described as "okay".  The pork larb was pretty tasty, although the requested "thai hot" it was not.  Sate was above average, with the beef outshining the chicken.  The panang curry was unremarkable.  Overall, a pleasant enough experience, but there are many other Thai restaurants that I would recommend ahead of Panna Thai.
4	Love this place.  Great food.  Great service.
4	Date night with hubs.  Panna Thai is very cute inside.  Much nicer ambiance than your average Thai restaurant.  In addition, they have a selection of wine and beer.  Also, exceeded my expectations for a Thai place.  We had San Miguel.  Dark and tasty.  No cold glasses though. Boo.Started with two apps: Wings of angel and royal duck.  The names are a bit whimsical.  The wings are stuffed with glass noodles, and ground pork then fried ultra light and crispy. Very good!  The royal duck was a really pretty presentation.  It was rolled in a tortilla/crepe thing and served with a way to sweet BBQish sauce.  We just thought it needed salt and spice.  Also, the duck was tough. Ordered two entrees: Choo-chee shrimp and Pad see-ew noodles with beef.  The shrimp were in a flavorful spicy red curry sauce with keffir leaves, served with rice.  They were good.  The noodles were chow- fun esque.  We ordered a 6 for the spice and they were HOT! We were sweatin' but it hurts so good!The portions were generous and the prices fair.  We had 3 beers, 2 apps, and 2 entrees....bill was $55.A lovely dinner. We will go again for sure.
4	I had a $25 Groupon about to expire, so we stopped here for dinner on the way to Town Square.  I had the Choo-Chee shrimp spiciness 3 out of 5.  My wife had the Garlic Garlic stir fry with chicken, 0 spiciness.  We had an order of fried egg rolls for a starter.The meal was excellent.  I could have ordered a level 4 spiciness, but now I have an idea of their index of heat.  Andrea was thrilled with the amount of garlic with her chicken and the rich brown sauce with the chicken.We ended the meal splitting the molten chocolate cake which was warmed.I am really glad Groupon helped me find another good Thai restaurant and I know I'll be doing take out from here for the Garlic garlic chicken in the future.
4	First time writing a review. Here goes nothing.. I ended up ordering the Pad See-Ew (Medium Spiciness) and my friends ordered the Sweet N Sour Beef, Choo-Chee Shrimp (Hot spiciness) and Calamari for starters with a couple Thai Iced Teas. It was pretty slow in there so we got our food pretty quick. The Choo-Chee shrimp was really spicy. I would not recommend the Sweet N Sour BEEF, Stick with PORK! Pad See-Ew was a little on the sweeter side even when I ordered medium spiciness. Calamari was one of the highlights though, it just melted in your mouth and the breading was perfect on it. Overall, The inside of the restaurant was very clean and the service was great! With all that food it came out to $50, which is a little on the high side but well worth it. Until next time.. Stay Hungry!
4	The $25 Groupon offer is what brought us into this off the beaten path Thai restaurant. We were not disappointed in the least. The food was great and the service was perfect.We started off with the Thai Beef Jerkey, it was a first for my girlfriend and she really enjoyed it. I had the Pepper Steak (I don't remember what level of spicyness I ordered but I remember thinking I could have gone a little spicier) and she had the Yellow Curry. The portion sizes were enough for both of us to have a little bit of each other's and when we were done we were satisfied and stuffed.I would go back to Panna Thai again in the future!
4	I am not very adventerous with my Thai choices, and like mine Americanized, so no complaints there.Beef Sa-Tay = So good.  Sweet, tender, with crispy grill marks.  The crispy burned pieces on meat makes me so happy.  Pepper Beef = Tender and a mild spice. My boyfriend likes this dish, but I am not fan of red/green peppers, so I just sneak a bite or two of just the meat.Pad Thai = Sweeter than other places, but always tasty.Pineapple Fried Rice = Comes with both Shrimp and Chicken which I like. I often ask for it to have a bit extra spice, but I think I like it better original.There was a two large parties in there tonight, so the staff was busy with them - but we didn't feel abandoned.I do have to say the ribs the table next to me ordered, looked delicious and might be the next thing I order!
5	We visited Panna last night.  I was a little aprrehensive since the online coupons have brought us to pretty run down places.  The moment we walked into Panna, I was pleased.  The lighting was dining room  perfect, the colors and decor were chic and welcoming, no typical greasy smell associated with asian restaurants.  The food was very impressive too.  good quality and fresh seafood and veggies and flavorful ingredience...and very appetizing but not too over the top presentation. We ordered the saute shrimp and egglant dish that came on a sizzling plate.  all veggies and seafoods cooked to perfection.  the basil & garlic dish with pork was excellent.  Kids got Chicken Satay, Angel wings, steamed dumpling, Pad Thai and  Pad na...all were good.  Maybe only the steamed dumplings lost a little steam.  Service was impeccable.  We are bringing our employees back to the restaurant again...tonight!
4	I like the decor, I like the people, I like the food.... but i wonder why no one ever visits it. Every time i go to the restaurant, My wife and I are the only ones there. SO I encourage everyone to try this place out. Its worth the money. If not, so the restaurant.com for a discount.
2	Outline: Very slow service, iffy food.Ok, I gave it 4 tries. This time it really did it. I would give three stars for food. Here is why: I don't think it's anything great, but it's not too bad either. Although yesterday my husband refused to finish any of the dishes and my 3 year old is literally throwing up as I write this. Last night he had fried rice and soup (she hadn't eaten anything else for dinner - very slim chance of a coincidence).All four times I've been there, it takes 40 minutes to an hour + to get done. And we are usually "fast" eaters. We sit down, we know what we want, we eat, and we're out. We go out every day and don't have time to sit around and talk like some people do.Ok, I can understand that also, but when it takes 10 minutes between asking for a check and actually getting one there is something wrong here. My husband had already left by then as my 3 year old had enough of sitting there that long. Good thing I paid with cash or I wouldn't be able to wait for another 10 minutes for them to run a card.As much as I want to like it, I can't, and I won't be going back.
5	Excellent food and service, Tom Kha chicken soup beyond amazing!Wayne Gorsek
4	So this is the 3rd restaurant we hit for my birthday dinner marathon.  =)The food really deserved the 5 star rating, and I'd take 0.5 star off for the waitress failing to refill our water/tea.  Since I had to round it, 4 star it is.The three of us ordered one appetizer, one salad, and two entrees.Satay Combo - two beef and two chicken skewers grilled to perfection!  I'd say that Panna Thai delivered the juiciest beef Satay in town!Yum-wun-sen (the silver noodle salad) - there were only 4 shrimps in this salad and no any other seafood.  I'd say this is seasoned to appeal to the locals since it did taste kind of  "americanized."BBQ Spare Rib - Fork tender and falls right off the bone!  The sweet BBQ sauce wasn't just poured on, it was completely absorbed by the meat itself.Sweety Duck -  I have to give this two thumbs up.  I'd say we eat duck pretty often since we visit the Cantonese restaurants in town all the time.  The Sweety Duck is up there with the tops, if not, even better!The decor and atmosphere are WAY better than the Noodle House 2 that's only one block away.  We'd definitely come back again!**special thanks to Julie C. who recommended this hidden gem that's very close to where I live**
5	I am in LOVE! We ordered;Lunch Specials BBQ Spare Ribs= Lots of tender meat with delicious tastey sauce. Comes with brown fried rice and wonton cripsy (this is so delicate, pretty and very tasty not greasy)Sweet & Sour Shrimp=It's not thick & overwhelmingly sweet, just perfect, served along with BIG shrimp, cooked to perfection plump & juicy with bell peppers, onions (i hate onions but I ate these!). White rice All the specials were under $8 and came with soup of the day. THIS IS THE BEST SOUP I HAVE EVER HAD! It's vegetable soup which had some bok choy, baby corn and sprinkles of heave because this is the most delicious non-meat broth I have ever tasted ! Don't hesistate to go, it's delicious and everyone is so friendly.This will be a weekly visit for us
5	Had dinner with the family here on Friday night. Have to say I was impressed. We had a restaurant.com certificate so ordered a few dishes. Had the Thai egg-rolls, which were delicious. Lighter and flakier than a Chinese egg-roll. Had the calamari appetizer and it was really good. Little salty but I like salty, plus the sweet chili sauce with it was yum. For dinner we had the Pad See Ew, Green Curry, and the Asparagus vegetable stir fry with Tofu. All 3 were amazing, especially the asparagus and tofu, it had shitake mushrooms in a brown sauce, that was just a great combo. Now Pad See Ew and Green Curry are a staple for me when I eat Thai, so I can use them to compare other places and I have to say this is one of the best places in town. Beats Archies hands down for sure. Proportions were big leaving plenty of left overs. To top it off it was really nice inside the place. Subtle lighting with dark woods and stone work, make for an excellent atmosphere. Could definitely bring a date here to impress at a cheap price.
5	We had a restaurant.com gift certificate that needed using, so we headed down there.  When we walked in the door we were greeted with smiles and shown to our table in a very nicely decorated restaurant with good atmosphere.To start with, we both had Thai iced teas that were fantastic and refilled before they were halfway empty. We shared a bowl of Tom Kha Gha, which was the best I've ever had.  For entrees, we had the Red Curry with Chicken and Sweety Duck, both of which were fantastic.  The duck was moist with a nice crispy skin and honey glaze, served with steamed broccoli.  The curry had a generous amount of meat and the veggies were fresh and not overcooked.  Dessert was the house specialty: Mango with Sticky Rice.  Excellent, though it's seasonal, subject to ripe mangos, so take advantage in the springtime! Homemade Coconut Ice Cream is also on the menu, though we didn't get to try it because we were stuffed.As mentioned in other reviews, the portion size is generous.  Neither my wife nor I were able to finish our entrees and it was packed up with extra rice to take home.Excellent, friendly service, good quality food at a reasonable price in a nice environment.  Adds up to 5 stars to me!  Oh, and they deliver.
4	I went here tonight for the first time because I had a restaurant.com certificate and was feeling like the comfort food goodness that is Thai cuisine.  When I walked in, the atmosphere was pleasant and quiet and the server was friendly.  I ordered the egg rolls, the tom yum goong, the pad see ew, and the red curry.  Everything was really tasty.  While it wasn't THE best Thai food I've ever had, it was easily one of the best places I've been to outside of China Town (though this place is sort of on the cusp).  My only (minor) complaint is that they didn't have the type of egg rolls I liked.  Definitely worth visiting if you're in the area.
3	I found this place on Restaurant.com.  I took my parents, my sister and nephew here when they came to visit me.  We ordered several dishes to share and they were all pretty good.  Mom really liked the Chicken Satay with Peanut Sauce and Chicken Pad Thai.  The prices are good for you and you get a lot of food for the price.  The atmosphere is really nice and the waitresses were all super nice.  If you drink half of your water or Thai tea the waitress comes around to quickly refill it.  This is the first Thai place that I've been to that doesn't charge you for a Thai tea refill.  I was very impressed with that.  My dish came out cold but that was the only negative.
1	I have really enjoyed this place the two times before we went awhile back but recently had a horrible expierence.  Not sure if they hired new folks but they were just rude.  My family and I a total of 6 of us with two little ones went in and the service was super poor.  There was only 2 other people in the restaurant.  When we went to order we just asked to have a chicken breast for my daughter and they said no whole meal...they were so focused on serviing whole plates they couldn't accomadate.  I even told them to charge us the full price but just a chicken breast is what I needed but they said no that they couldn't do it.  We asked for a side of broccoli and carrots and they said no.  It was ridiculous.  At that point I didn't care if they charged me $20 bucks for broccoli that is what we needed but they couldn't do it.  Finally my husband went to talk to the gentleman behind the counter and asked for the manager and he was very rude and said no manager here and there was nothing he could do.  My husband said we would leave so we all got up and went next door to the sushi place where they always treat us great.  The gentleman tried to make excuses saying it wasn't his fault and he didn't serve us and he was busy with the two other people in the restaurant.  They still charged us for food they never brought us and we were so frustrated that we gave them the money and left.We will never go back ever and I would suggest if you want a stressfree meal not to go as well.
2	I go easily twice a month and am in love with most of the food, it's close to home as well, adding convenience to it's charm!  I always order the monster which is a grilled shrimp salad, one that puts me in withdrawal after a week of not having it..    Stay away from the scallop tamarind dish and the steamed dumplings, two that I can recall that aren't stars on the menu..  Soo my issues come from the service, and yes I know that service may be lacking in a Thai restaurant.. 5 years ago!  I think it's an area that definitely needs attention and if their food wasn't as amazing as it is I wouldn't set foot in there again.     Tonight the server didn't greet us just walked up with a miserable expression saying "something to drink?", when did we give up on saying welcome, or how are you this evening or nice to see you again..  He took our order by pulling a piece of register paper out of his pocket, unwrinkled it and asked what we would like, leading to a deep sigh once I ordered two courses.  Mind you it's 8:45pm and the door says open until 10pm.    We finish eating our amazing dinner minus the steamed dumplings, not that they knew of us not liking them since no one asked us if our meal was good at any point.  Then that wonderful server came over dropped the check and reluctantly offered to box up some left over pineapple curry and rice.  I never asked for the check so when he came back I said "can we not get dessert?"  He said "the kitchen closed at 9:45" and I followed with "the door says you close at 10" it was 9:48.. his response "that's what time the restaurant closes"..    I was annoyed at this point and suggested they adjust their sign, or at least give their guests the option to order at 9:45..  Why let sales walk out the door?  I spent $50 on Thai food and undoubtably would have purchased two desserts!  Unfortunately we will probably skip this restaurant next time I crave Thai food and start a search for my next favorite.  It's a shame because the food really is delicious.
5	My friend and I came here last night around 9.25pm, but there was anyone. I guess everyone just left before we got there. I had their ice green tea(I never had it before) It looked so good - Bright green.we started off with Thai beef Jerky. It's yummy as it looks. The waiter came back and asked us if we had any questions about the menu, but we already knew what we wanted, so we ordered 2 PadThai chicken. we waited about 10 mins and the waiter brought our HUGE dishes to our table. After awhile, he came to ask if the food ok. The PadThai was actually delicious especially the chicken. I think they marinated the chicken. The musics that they played was so smooth and I noticed that It's a FM radio. So I asked the waiter what the Chanel that was. He said it's a FM from the UK. I'm coming back again.
5	The best Thai food I've ever tasted. Friendly attentive staff, service is top notch!
4	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (5 of 365)I was pleasantly suprised by how flavorful and yummy everything we ordered was!My friend and I came here over the weekend at around 3pm; so no one was in the restaurant.  We ordered: Pad See Ew Beef, Garlic Short Ribs, and Papaya Salad.The salad was refreshing, the short ribs had a great crispy texture on it and wasn't too salty; just the right amount of garlic flavor, and the Pad See Ew was one of the best I've ever tasted!  It was full of flavor, had an abundance of egg which I love, and you get to choose whether you want american or Chinese broccoli.  Awesome!The only downside was they didn't have any mango at the time we were there; and it's in season!  Not good.  I would have given it 5 stars if they had it!But I'll be back for sure!
4	I've been here a number of times for both lunch and dinner.  The prices are very reasonable.  The food is good and is a good value.  The service staff is very friendly and I have found this a good place to take kids, at least kids that know how to behave in public.
5	Delish! Coconut soup medium and garlic short ribs at least 1x/week! They are great for take-out and dining in. Always friendly - always good!
4	My boyfriend and I dine in occasionally, but most of the time we take advantage of their delivery service. Sure, it's just a couple of minutes down the road, but you know how it is when you get lazy.Our few experiences at the restaurant have been pleasant. We've never had to wait for seating. The service is always prompt. We've had the same waitress during each visit and she always has a smile on her face.We've come to like their Chicken Pad See-Ew with Chinese broccoli and their Beef Satay dinner. It's more than enough for the two of us. The satay is always tender and well seasoned and the fried rice that accompanies it is quite flavorful. The Pad See-Ew, though it is one of our favorites, can be off sometimes. Most of the time it's spot on (the chicken is tender and the noodles are al dente), but there have been a couple of occasions where it has been bland or too peppery. But again, it's not all the time and that's why we continue to get it. We have, also, tried their Garlic Short Ribs, Wings of Angel, Shrimp Panang Curry, Pad Thai, and Tom Yum Soup. Everything has been good, so far, so we'll continue to enjoy our friendly neighborhood Thai restaurant.
4	I love the food, I love the service, and I love the prices. I use Restaurant.com to get a discount to this place. The Pad Thai is decent, The Panang is Awesome! The Pad See Ewe is good too. That is pretty much all I ever order, so I have no opinion on other dishes. It is not the best I ever had, but it is darn good and with the friendly and fast service, and great price, you can't go wrong!
4	This place is great. Portions are really the only thing keeping them from my 5 stars. But the food is delicious. They make it fairly quickly, and the service is about what you expect for an asian restaurant :)
5	I dream about their Pad Woon Sen, that is their silver noodle dish with shrimp, pork, vermicelli, veges and sauce. Let me tell you about the sauce, it's a great balance of sweet, salty, sour and spicy which are the basis for most Thai dishes. Their tea is also really good quality Jasmine tea bags. I liked it so much, I took a picture so I can look for the brand and but it for home. Service is good because they kept filling out water and removed our dishes when needed.
3	Tried this place out for dinner tonight thanks to a restaurant.com gift certificate. Restaurant was clean and spacious. I'm used to the "hole in the wall" settings. This one has a nice laid back interior. We ordered shrimp pad thai, sweet chili basil with chicken, and crab fried rice. Portion of pad thai was a bit small but the size of shrimp was rather big. Spicy chili basil with chicken was good, but didn't taste anything out of the ordinary.  Same with crab fried rice.  This order was huge.  The latter 2 orders we took home to go since both portions were more than enough for 2 people.I would come back to this place if I were in the area, but I think I still prefer my usual go-to Thai place Noodle House.
3	It's not too often I'm in this area of town, but when my nerdy husband wanted to make a stop at Maximum Comics one night I figured it was a good time to try a new restaurant.  So we made the stop at Panna Thai for dinner.The interior is beautiful and would make a great date spot.  Great art on the walls, comfortable seating, an overall lovely atmosphere for enjoying your dinner.I started with the veggie soup after being told that it was ok for vegetarians.  It was good- a light soup full of veggies- but I have the sinking suspicion that it wasn't veg-friendly.  Well, on to the next...We had the summer rolls as an appetizer and I really enjoyed them.  Lots of veggies packed into the roll and the peanut sauce helped round the out the dish.  This might have been my favorite thing we ordered.For our dinner, we ordered yellow curry tofu, tofu basil noodles, and the asparagus with shitake mushrooms.  The yellow curry was good but a little bland and really only consisted of giant chunks of tofu with a few potatoes.  I still enjoyed it- I just thought it could have used a little more oomph.  We asked our waitress which noodle dish she recommended and she suggested the basil noodles.  This dish was really good and I'm a big fan of Thai basil.  However, I think it could be a great dish if there were more noodles to match the amount of tofu and veggies.  I'm not quite sure what I was thinking ordering the asparagus since I'm not too fond of shitake mushrooms...  I guess I was just assuming there wouldn't be a lot of them on the plate.  Well there were a lot but I did my best to be a big girl and eat them.  The asparagus and mushrooms were fresh and this dish had a lot of flavor, but it was another thing I had that left me questioning if it was vegetarian or not.Overall, I think this is a nice spot for dinner.  The atmosphere was great and our waitress was very attentive and friendly.  Some of the dishes needed a little love (and please more rice!) but I still enjoyed my time here.  I don't think I'd make the trip from North Las Vegas just for the restaurant, but if I were in the area would come back again.Heads up to vegetarians, they say they can leave the fish sauce out of what you order (whether you believe a restaurant or not is up to you).Don't forget your coupon from restaurant.com!
4	Excellent food and decor. Service was a little slow. But the food was worth the waiting.
4	I will update this as I try more from here but last night I just ordered one dish.  They are my corner thai joint so I'm sure I will go back more.  I ordered the cashew stir fry which has dried chile in it but I asked for it spicier and I asked for broccoli with it.  Super plus they were very accommodating and didn't charge me extra.  The pick up was quick and easy and the portion was very large.  It was definitely spicy and there was lots of broccoli, my one side complaint would be that it had a bit too much fish sauce for a non fish dish.  But I will just make sure to ask them to tone it down on the fish sauce next time.  Other than that it was delicious and I quit enjoyed my meal.
2	Let me put it like this... if i was caught in the middle of the ocean on a deserted island and the only place to eat at was this restaurant.... i would most likely starve! :) simply put I've had better... Now! don't get me wrong; the restaurant as a whole is nice and the music that they play is very soothing an great!!! but the food not so much :(
3	The food was ok. Got vegetable spring rolls, fried tofu, pineapple fried rice. It was nothing to write home about. Ambience was nice enough and clean. The bathroom was a little dirty and you could tell it needed to be cleaned. Where they really lost the stars was service. There was only three other parties in the joint and yet it felt like our servers were nowhere to be seen. I had some trouble understanding the waiter through his thick accent. They were very nice and friendly but I had to wait a while to have t water refilled and never got a refill on my ice tea.  I'm sure there are better Thai restaurants out here in the valley.
4	This is a nice place on that side of town. I really enjoy the atmosphere with high ceilings and a quiet ambiance. Try the desert - it's great.
2	its ok.  visited on a tuesday night.  had the chicken fried rice... chicken dry.  egg rolls were good with the right amount of spice but the rest of the family's meal which was a bit of everything was all in all nothing different or unique than any Thai take out joints.  just ok.  service just ok.  price average.  lets just say not memorable.
2	Decided to give them another go tonight. I've definitely experienced better, much better, and even from Panna Thai. The wife's pad kee mao didn't have the little corns, tomatoes and was just boring and not well thought out. My green curry with beef had a whopping 3 pieces of eggplant in it and they tried to make up for the lack of the beef's flavor with tons of heat when I asked for medium.Enough is enough and we won't be going back. There are far too many other options in the area to continue going there for lackluster food.
5	I was in Vegas for my anniversary and decided to try this place. Overall, I had a great experience here. The food was awesome! I was on a mission to find the best Thai Beef Salad and I think I found it here! The service was phenomenal. If you ever go to Las Vegas and want to dine away from Strip, this is the place to go.
4	My friend and I went to this restaurant on a Tuesday night. The ambience was very nice. We ordered the Pad See-ew with beef, Sweety Duck, yellow curry with pork, and coconut ice-cream. My favorite is the sweety duck, although it's a little fatty, but very delicious. the other dishes were tasty as well. We really liked their home-made coconut ice-cream. It has coconut shave and mango chunks in it, very creamy and coconutty. They also take the gift certificate from restaurant.com.
4	On this visit we shared a large bowl of tom ka gai soup which was loaded with chicken. It was on the spicy side and delicious, but IMHO it would have benefited by the addition of a little more coconut milk to round out the flavor. We also shared orders of sweet chili basil chicken and seafood eggplant. Both were above average, but the meal ended up being too much of a good thing.  A rating of 3.5 would be most appropriate.
4	After a long weekend in Vegas, we ordered take out from here and brought it to my friend's house.  The BBQ ribs were perfectly seasoned and tender. The wonton soup we had was chalk full of veggies.  Our only knock was the calamari - by the time we got home - wasn't crispy anymore.  Otherwise, it was fast, tasty and we will visit again.
5	Great food and the servings are big
5	I generally always stick with Pin Kaow 2 as my go-to spot for thai craving in Summerlin....but Panna Thai has given PK2 a run for its money!This restaurant is very clean and the decor looks brand new. Our waitress was new, a trainee, but she was very pleasant, conscientious, and a lead server or manager was basically over her shoulder the entire time making sure she was on point. Excellent service.We ordered:-Riesling-Cucumber salad-Summer rolls (non fried)-Chicken pad thai-Masaman curryThe cucumber salad was my favorite of everything, and all of it was delicious. The vegetables were so fresh and the dressing was very light (rice wine vinegar and something else I can't quite put my finger on). I was in crunchy, cucumber heaven.I will definitely be back to Panna Thai!
4	They have lunch specials here every single day, not just on weekdays. My go to here is the sate chicken skewers. Their peanut sauce is to die for! I wish they would sell it bottled so I could hoard it. I went with a group and everyone was satisfied with their meals. The lunch specials were served with a good amount of food, not too much or too little. Sunday around noon was not busy and we got great service. For dessert, I had the Thai sweet sticky rice topped with homemade coconut ice cream inside of a shaved coconut. Yes, you read that right. It sounds as good as it tastes too! Yummy!!!! It's not on the menu in the exact way I got it, but the waitress told us about it and we couldn't resist. I need to go back here to try more items on the menu. I liked it a lot!
4	Food was satisfying, service was good, and dessert was delightful! I have to say though... I've had same dessert twice, Sweet Sticky Rice w/ Homemade Coconut Ice Cream & the quality/ taste the 2nd time was not as great.My Favorites:Fried Calamari - Parmesan cheese?! Yup & it was goood.Chili Basil (Beef) - SavoryPad See-Ew - GoodYellow Curry - Full of Flavor & Spices
3	Just ok for me. Great service though.
5	I have eaten here twice now and each time it has been great! I food is always fresh, the customer service is always great. The staff is friendly, the restaurant is very clean. I usually go to thai spice or pho kim long but moving forward I will be going to Panna. I had the monster salad w/ shrimp, spring rolls and iced tea. Enjoy!
4	We bumped into this place on a date night when we were going to play mini golf next door, and what a pleasant suprise. The food staff and service were amazing. We ordered a bottle of reisling which complimented our dishes very well. The food did take a little longer than expected but it was worth the wait. We will be back for seconds...and thirds...and so on
4	Picked up food to go for an evening in.  When I arrived, the food was ready and warm.  The Yellow Curry is by far the best I've had in Las Vegas.  The beef Sa-te is also delicious.  I'll have to come back to try out their other dishes and service!
4	Delicious food, great dining experience.  One of the better in the southwest!I frequent the many Thai establishments in this area...and there are several.  Of the choices around, I give this place top marks.  Even before I look at the menu, Panna merits high marks for a great dining room and customer service.The food is always good and they put a little extra into presentation.  Not that I care much about that at Thai restaurants if the food is good, but it's a nice change.  This is a good spot for a business lunch, or if you fancy Thai on a social outing but are looking for a little bit more upscale setting.
1	I used to be a fan until today. First of all I know what chicken tastes like.  what I was served today was not chicken.  The server today no comments. My order was all jacked up.
1	Horrible horrible horrible service. We sat for 10 minutes and were not greeted so we got up to leave and all they did was wave us goodbye
4	There were two waitresses both very nice they greeted and seated up as soon as we walked in. We both drank water.We got crab wontons... They were so good! Light and crisp with good amount of filling and crab taste. Sweet n Sour sauce with them tasted good. Tom Yum soup sweet n spicy soup with mushrooms and shrimp was delicious. Good flavor, spice & lots of shrimp. Cucumber salad... I HATE cucumbers for some reason but I tried this. It was amazing. So cool and refreshing with a lil onion in it and the dressing was nice. The cucumbers were actually great!I got basic chow mien with chicken... The noodles and veggies were good but the chicken was not. I should have gotten veggies only! My bf got sweety duck. The sauce was good and it came with lots of broccoli. The sauce was yummy on the broccoli but the duck was very dry and pretty gross. :o( Other than the meat everything was amazing! I'll def go back someday and try some more stuff or at least get the things I know I liked!! They have a deal on restaurant.com, spend $35 get $25 off!
5	We love Panna Thai! My husband and I eat here at least once per month, sometimes more we love certain dishes but also branch out. Sme of our favorites include the panang curry, spicy eggplant, and the coconut soup. I have spent three weeks in Thailand and know that their favors at Panna Thai are close to the real deal. We order it with lots of heat and they do sometimes under-deliver but I'd rather have it not spicy enough the way too spicy. The service is always great, the dining room is always clean, and the food is always fresh and hot. One thing we'd like to change is to have fountain sodas instead of the can... But oh well. We definitely keep going back and keep telling our friends and coworkers, too.
4	The atmosphere at this restaurant is a bit more upscale than most Thai restaurants while menu prices are more than reasonable given the quality of the food.  On this evening over  1/2 the restaurant was set up for a large party, but our karma was good as we were able to order before most of the guests arrived. We began with yum-wood-sen, glass noodles with ground meat and shrimp with Thai spice and lime juice on lettuce.  For entrees we shared orders of scallop tamarind and spicy eggplant.  All three dishes made our taste buds jump for joy.  Our bill came in a few cents short of the minimum purchase requirement so I had to order a soda for takeout.
2	I got carry out of tum yum soup and panang chicken, the tumyum soup was good but the panang chicken was terrible!! The sauce was so runny it seemed like they added a ton of water to the sauce and it had absolutely no taste at all.. I love panang and have gotten it at many thai places and none have had the sauce so runny and watery
1	Presentation was nice and the dishes were pretty good, but servings were a little smaller than other Thai restaurants. As we were leaving I took one of their brochures and asked if they deliver to my housing area and they said, "Sure". Sadly, the day I called for a delivery the girl stated, "It's like 4 miles & too far, why don't you just come and pick it up." 1) The average/furthest distance for most restaurants is 5 miles. 2) My house is only 3.31 miles from the restaurant girly and I would've picked it up if I wasn't working on my car! 3) I had guests coming over for that night so they lost out on a $100+ tab. So Panna please don't advertise you deliver if you can't do it or your lazy asses just won't do it. Thank God for JACKY CHAN CHINESE Restaurant who delivered, even though they were 3.38 miles away...
4	I called in the other day for a delivery, but unfortunately they only deliver within 3 miles which my house is 3.91 miles away from Panna. However, the food is good and the service is always great actually better than other Thai restaurant in the area.
2	i dont even know where to start. THE SERVICE OR THE FOOD!!! OMG, service sucked and the food was disgusting. I walked through the front door and the chef and servers were just staring at me for 2 minutes before i even got greeted with a hello or how may i help you? Then we get seated and it was another 5 minutes before someone came and asked for our drink order. NOT TO MENTION..... this was during SLOW HOURS... it was 4:30pm in the afternoon.... the only customers at the restaurant besides us was another table of 2 sitting 3 tables down from me. We finally got a chance to order after 8-10 minutes. I ordered the chicken satay & green curry with beef and vegetables. The chicken satay lacked flavor and marinate but the peanut dipping sauce that came with it was actually decent... but they only gave you a tablespoon amount for 4 skewers of chicken. The beef green curry arrived and i was disappointed by the flavor. It was watery and it lacked curry flavor... and the veggies weren't even cooked completely. ....anyways... i wont be coming back. the food was too pricey for the crappy service and poor quality food. I'll rather go to Archi's or Thai noodle house down the street!!
5	Soooo good! Quiet, not busy, crab fried rice, red curry, and house saki -all amazing!
5	This place is really good! When we go here we usually get their delightful noodles, crab wanton and chicken panang.Their delightful noodles are so amazing it has thin rice noodles with tomatoes, green onions and amazingness. It is perfect if your looking for something light and not something very spicy. There crab wanton are one of my ultimate favorites. They are so crisp and always made to perfection. There chicken panang is good too but I sometimes feel it is a bit watery and should be a little thicker.Every time we go here we always get the best service and the people that work there are very nice and take very good care of you.If you like Thai food try this place out, you won't be disappointed.
5	One of the best Thai restaurants in town. Service is always great and attentive. The papaya salad and satays are my favorite apps and they offer brown rice as well.
4	Really great Thai food. High quality ingredients.
4	I love me some Thai and this strip mall wonder is a thunder from down under, spicey as you want it, with a nice kick.   We had the beef jerky appetizer and it was perfectly done.   We also had a duck soup, mmmmm...so good, and the wifey had drunken noodles, she loves getting drunken and having noodles too...lol.   Really, this place is pretty hot.  Not 5 star for vegas, but a solid date night no less.   Off the beaten path, so quite quite for the romantic evening.  Staff as stellar on service!
2	My husband and I had dinner here this evening and the food items we chose were very good. I had combination fried rice and he had pineapple fried rice and we shared crab won tons. However, this is where the good experience ends. We waited 45 minutes for fried rice dishes accompanied by less than mediocre service. As we were waiting other guests arrived and walked out from waiting so long. It's a shame because the food quality is excellent and this restaurant could be one of the best.
1	I didn't even want to give ONE star.. But it's the only way I can write a review and warn you guys about this place.. They won't greet you until after 10 minutes of staring at you like you have a head growing out of your shoulder. We sat down, waited for anybody to even come by and ask if we needed any drinks. So I tried to look by the servers and get their attention and they did look at me, but kept doing whatever they were doing which was nothing at all. It wasn't even that busy, maybe 5 tables and 3 servers. It's sad because I actually really like their food also my guy and I live right down the street so it was convenient for us, but man the service just straight sucks here. I'm a server as well so I know how these things work. I couldn't imagine doing this to anybody. The food is great we always love coming here, or did anyway. However this happens almost every single time.. We just kept giving them the benefit of the doubt and chance after chance.. Even the people next to us, just 2 people, warned us how they've been waiting almost an hour for their food.. That's absurd. We left and went to Archis Thai Bistro on Rainbow & 215. Always great service and we were in and out of there in less than 30 minutes.
5	This place is great! the atmosphere and decor makes you feel very comfortable. When I first walked in, they greeted me and sat me right away. The waitress was very attentive and outgoing. She tried to spark a conversation as well as made sure our drinks were always full. I was very pleased with the service of this staff. I ordered the Pad Thai with chicken and was craving rice but did not want to order another entree since I wouldn't be able to finish it. A convenient feature they have on their menu is that you can order a single serving of rice which was what I was craving for! I ordered the egg fried rice single serving. My boyfriend ordered the pepper steak. We both ordered the crab rangoon for a appetizer.The appetizer came out very shortly after we ordered and tasted very fresh. There wasn't a lot of stuffing in the crab rangoons, which didn't bother us since we ordered so much food. The only thing I thought was weird was they didn't ask for the spice level I wanted for my Pad Thai which came out not spicy at all. I would compare it to a 0 spice level from 1-10 scale. I prefer mine to have some spice but it didn't bother me because I could make it as spicy as I wanted.  The pepper steak came out with a generous amount of steak. We couldn't finish everything! We had plenty of left overs to take home!They took our dirty plates as well as replace each dirty plate with a clean plate after each entree. I loved that they took that into detail in their customer service/server training because I feel, it makes me feel more catered to. The service made my first time experience here fantastic and I will be back again. I would highly recommend this place!
4	This was our first visit for dinner using a Restaurant.com coupon.  It was located in a strip mall on S. Fort Apache Rd/near W. Russel Rd in Las Vegas.  We shared the Chicken Panang Curry, Garlic Garlic Shrimp, and the Sweety Duck.The server brought out 3 little metal bowls of Jasmine rice.  The bowls were really cute.The Chicken Panang Curry ($8.95) was my favorite.  It had large slices of tender white meat chichen.  The sauce was a good consistency.The Garlic Garlic Shrimp ($11.95) was served on a bed of cabbage.  The shrimp were large with the tails on.The Sweety Duck ($12.95) was served with perfectly steamed broccoli.The entrees were a little small and pricey.  The lunch specials from 11am-4pm daily look like a good deal.  I would come back for lunch.
1	I shouldn't have come at 4pm and expect too much. I ordered the basil pork. Some pieces were warm, some pieces were cold. The spring roll was cold. Oh, well.
5	We like coming here as it is close to the house.  Whenever I crave Pad Thai and Papaya salad this is where I need to be.  They know we're regulars so they alway serve us well and give us complimentary desserts.  Sometimes they already know what we want to order. LOL!
4	I heard that this is the sister restaurant of my favorite Thai BBQ on Jones so I've bookmarked this place and looked forward to going here ever since. It took me a year until I finally paid this place a visit. All thanks to Restaurant.com certificate, I went here with my sweetheart for dinner. We had to order a lot though just to uphold the certificate. My bf got the Pineapple Curry with beef and I got their Masaman curry with chicken. For our appetizer, we opted for their chicken/beef sa-te (satay?) and for the first time ever, we also got dessert: fried banana (coated with coconut flakes and deep fried). All of them tasted good, really good. The service was attentive and friendly. The decor was nice and intimate. The only thing that bothered me was their very see-through glass wall. Whenever a car would pass by or park right in front, their lights would blind the ones inside. They need to tint it a little. At the end of our meal, we could barely breathe since we ate more than usual. I was impressed by their fried banana since I'm very picky with both banana and coconut, so I was surprised at how I did not hate it at all. I just bought another Restaurant.com gift certificate. It must mean I really like this place =)
5	My second time visiting here was last night.Always order my favorite:Chicken Satay $7.95- These are HUGE. Feels like you almost get a full chicken breast with every piece and the peanut sauce is good!Crab Wonton $5.95- Not something I always order when out eating thai but I did here and they were cooked perfectly. I know they are fairly easy to make but I think everyone's had some pretty horribly cooked (burned, no filling, ect.. I know you're thinking of those bad one's right now) CW's and these are not the case here.Pad Thai $8.50- 5 spice & tastes like 5 spice. Comes with sprouts, carrot shreds, lime & peanuts on the side for flavoring as desired.All three of these are plenty of food for two people (this evening it was me -starving & my preggo buddy & there were leftovers!).The restaurant itself is beautiful. Large in size compared to most others & with a modern decor. I'd say pretty good choice if you're looking to impress someone & not break the bank here. Not to mention service is awesome.Overall my favorite Thai place right now with service, price & food added up makes it well worthy of 5 stars.
4	my first visit using a restaurant.com coupon- the food was tasty and favor-ful, but I must agree the portions are a bit small.. The service was top snotch and attentive.I would go back, maybe try the lunch special, yummy...
4	Our favorite in the area
4	Panna Thai is a hidden gem! Food is consistently great. I dine here at least once a week, usually get the Pad Thai or Spicy Basil Chicken-both are delish! If you want an appetizer try the crab wontons, satay skewers or the cucumber salad. Staff is friendly and attentive. It's a must try!
1	Ordered for delivery.  Food showed up 30 min late, was cold and they refused to address the problem and then blamed us and told us they said they were going to be late.  Are you kidding me?
5	The good...This is the best Thai food in Vegas, period.Price.Decor.The bad...They should cover\hide the storage area so customers don't see it.I don't give 5 star ratings unless the food is really excellent.
2	TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE SERVICE!The only reason I decided to eat here was because I received a special coupon from Restaurant.com -- it was not a coupon I purchased but a promotion Walgreens was running and I got a $25.00 gift certificate. During my lunch break, I met my boyfriend here and immediately saw an unprofessional sign which said they are no longer accepting the Restaurant.com coupon. I was instantly disappointed and I spoke to the waittress and said I had no idea it was no longer accepted and no where on the certificate does it say management may refuse to accept. Her manager cut in and told me she was no longer accepting the coupon. I said I didn't realize that but is there anything you can honor? She replied in a snooty attitude that she can't accept the coupon and it is not her fault and I can receive my money back from Restaurant.com. I told her I didn't purchase the coupon and so there's no money to be redeemed except for at this restaurant. I asked for her manager and she said the owner was not working today and I asked for his card so I can email him and she said she wasn't allowed to give out his contact information. I asked when he would be in so I can ask him about the coupon and she said he doesn't come in everyday and she has no idea when he'll be here. Throughout the whole time she was be very rude and pointing in my face and I told her that because of her lack of resourcefulness and inability to be polite, I could not eat here so she right away told me she can give me a coupon for $15 and I decided to take it and order some food. However, the coupon was $15 off a purchase of $50 and my boyfriend and I could not order enough food to equal $50. The food was good but I have had better thai food with definitely better service. I will not be returning here.
4	This was my second visit for dinner using a CityCoups.com coupon.  I was really disappointed that they were no longer honoring the Restaurant.com coupon.  This restaurant has a really nice atmosphere, where you would take a date.We ordered the Yellow Pork Curry and the Garlic Garlic Shrimp.  The server brought out 2 little metal bowls of Jasmine rice.The Yellow Pork Curry was ordered mild.  I like my food Thai Hot, but my friend cannot take the heat.  I thought the curry was more like medium-hot.  I could see the chopped chilis. The server said that the curry paste may be a little hot.  The pork was tender and the potato was a little on the soft side.The Garlic Garlic Shrimp had 9 good sized shrimp with the tails on served on a bed of raw cabbage.  There were chunks of dried garlic.  This is always my favorite dish at a Thai restaurant.One of my favorite Thai restaurants in Las Vegas.
1	The food is decent, but with the handful of times I've been there...worst customer service, EVER.
5	Since our dine in experience - we've order both to-go and delivery and have still yet to be disappointed - always on point!!  All of the curries and the crab fried rice are still our favorites!
5	Just great food.  The curry dishes are to die for!  Good service and attentive staff.  Highly recommend.
5	I work at the salon next to Panni Thai so I have had them for lunch for myself and for catering lunch for the salon many times. They have delious food (love the Thai pepper steak!) and the golden cup appetizer. They are very sweet and always take great care of us! I highly suggest giving this place a shot, you will be very happy you did!
2	We came here with a friend after they had been here before. We were all a little bit disappointed. Everyone but myself was completely overwhelmed by the spiciness of their entrees, and I had specifically requested no spice. The Pad Thai was not great, overly oniony and the noodles were sticky, not smooth. Seemed a little overcooked, Komol kitchen's was much better. My husband had the yellow curry and was not a fan. Decent service but the food was just not that great and a tad over priced. I do recommend their specialty lemonade, it was quite good!
5	Very friendly staff and amazing food, I've enjoyed their chicken satay like 3 times and I will be going back for more!!! I work in the same shopping center so it's awesome to have them as an option
5	Great food and price :) thanks to nana our waitress, look for her..
4	Went here for dinner an the service an food were very good? Had  the SA -TE Dinner an the Thai iced tea both were delicious. First time going here an will definitely go back.
4	Great food again an great service. Love the thai tea..has become a fav place..
3	Wow. Really mixed reviews on this place,so I decided to check it out for myself. My wife was craving something spicy,so Thai seemed the perfect choice.  We ordered some pad Thai noodles with shrimp and a plate of medium spice curry with chicken.
4	This place has really great yellow curry. Tom yum was not the greatest I've ever had. The vegetable spring rolls were amazing and fresh. Thai tea was good too. The ambiance in this place was great. It is a great Thai restaurant not in the strip area.
4	Good food. Good service.
5	Probably the best Thai restaurant I've been to. Been here a few times & nothing has changed.  Interior is exquisite, classy ambiance, super clean, friendly servers, good relaxing music & most importantly, delicious food!My favorites are Yellow Curry, Chicken Sa-Te, Garlic Short Ribs, Pepper Steak & of course, Pad Thai!The best part? THAI TEA is fresh, authentic & REFILLABLE. I know, I know. It's crazy. They were even so nice to pour me a to-go Thai Tea for the road.I LOVE PANNA THAI!
5	This is my favorite Thai restaurant in Las Vegas.  I had a City Coups coupon for 1/2 off entree with purchase of an entree.  The atmosphere was fancy and the service was friendly.We ordered my favorite Garlic Garlic Shrimp and tried the Massaman Pork Curry.  Both excellent and i would order them again.I still want to come back for lunch.
5	Overly delish food! The curry and pad thai was the best ive had in a while! The guy with the accent working the desk was super fun! He was very helpful and really entertaining while i waited for my food. Hey, he even broke my Thai tea virginity! At no charge :) Great place high recommendation!
2	Worst customer service ever. We waited for 15 minutes for water and our glasses were never full the entire dinner. There were two other tables so it wasn't a busy night. When the check came we paid and then they brought back a receipt with another amount. When we asked the waiter he said he had forgotten to add a few things an just ran it up instead of bringing back the revised bill. It's a shame the entire serving staff was so bad because the food was good. Ill stick to Archis.
4	This was my first visit for lunch.  They had a limited lunch menu.   I ordered the Garlic Short Ribs lunch special which came with soup, rice, and egg roll.  My food took over 30 minutes to come out.  The Garlic Short Ribs were luke warm, like they had been sitting there under the warmer.  They were crisp and the flavor good.  The egg roll was also room temperature.  There was no dipping sauce.  I would have liked a side of sweet and sour sauce with the egg roll.The server never checked on me until I asked her for the check.  I would have liked a spicy tray and a water refill.I also ordered some food to go.  The Angel Wings were very bland and tough served with a tiny container of sweet and sour sauce.  I would not order them again (King and I has the best Angel Wings in town).The Chicken Curry was served in a flat container with a lid rather than a soup container.  The curry leaked and made a mess.This was just one bad experience.  I like most of their food and will be back to dine in.
4	Very good Thai food!I like the atmosphere here...it's very clean and friendly.  The food prices were also good, especially during lunch time!  Most plates were around $7.On to the food!Basil Noodle ($8.50): "Pad Kee Mao", Pork, Stir Fried Thick Rice Noodles, Chili Basil, Scrambled Egg, Bell Pepper and Onion. This was not bad...not very hot though for a 10/10. I also found the pork to be a little thick and tougher than I am used to at other Thai restaurants.  THIS is one the dishes I compare all other Thai restaurants in town...and this one wasn't very noteworthy :(Chili Basil ($6.95): "Pad Ka Pao" in Lunch Portion, Ground up Chicken, Sauteed with Sweet Basil, Onion, Bell Pepper, Fresh Chili, and Jasmine Rice. This was a great version of the staple! The most spicy out of all the dishes...it was still far from a 10/10 though!  It was good though, and better than most out there!Panang Curry in Lunch Portion : Coconut Milk, Curry Paste, Thai Herbs, and Jasmine Rice. This was a great version as well, with just the right amount of spices, flavor and heat! I love Panang curry...and they have a great one here!  Again, better than most I've had out here!Pad Thai in Lunch Portion : Chicken, Stir Fried Rice Noodles, Scrambled Egg, Shallot, Bean Sprouts, and Tamarind Sauce. This was Grandpa's order...it was good! A bit sweet, but good overall!  I'd say it would be on par with the others I've tried.Thai Iced Tea ($3)...unlimited refills! It was a good rendition as well, but you can't beat free refills...yeeeee!Great choice for Thai food if you are in the area!Pics :
2	Tried this place out because it was near our house and our favorite spot is across town. The service was great and the restaurant looked very clean. The non-spicy pad Thai was a little spicy for my girlfriends taste but still tasted good. The fried rice however had me sick all day the following day. Looks like we will be sticking to our favorite spot across town.
5	We went for dinner a few weeks ago using a City Coups coupon for 1/2 off entree with purchase of an entree.  We ordered the  Pumpkin Shrimp Curry and the Mushroom and Broccoli with Pork.The shrimp had the tails on in the curry.  The broccoli was crisp and cooked perfectly.  The brown sauce was flavorful.  I would order both entrees again.We will be back.
3	This used to be my favorite restaurant but I am little reluctant to go back now. My friend was craving for thai food and I recommended to go this place.We had Tom yum soup , beef salad and Choo Chee soft shell crab. Tom yom soup, we added shrimp, tasted little salter than usual. beef salad , it was good but there was too much dressing which made the salad very salty. Finally Choo Chee soft shell crab came, it was fired soft shell crab with coconut curry and very very salty!! The curry on top was so salty that I felt like I was eating curry concentrate and my tongue was feeling numb from trying to eat  that stuff. I am not sure if they changed their chef, but food has been inconsistent from last few visits
2	Surprised this place has 4 stars! The food wasn't terrible but being next door to such amazing Thai places that set the bar so high (Surangs & Corner Thai), you've got a lot to live up to. We got Pork Pad Thai- spice level 4 no complaints here, was good !Papaya salad - spice level 4 but papaya was really soggy with the sauce and wasn't sliced the authentic way, which really changes the texture.Vietnamese egg rolls - the neon orange sauce was way too sweet, no spice at all. Not home madeSticky rice - even though it's only a $2 item it's what I look forward to almost the most. This seemed to be really old. The second we took it out of the bag it hardened up and was inedible. ;(
3	It's small, food is excellent! Polite courteous service. Well... the Panang is still excellent, but the noodle dish was dry noodles with dry pork, tasteless and useless. They didn't add the chicken I paid extra for either.
5	I've been to a few Thai restaurants in Vegas (yeah even Lotus of Siam... Which has great food but the ambiance of a bus depot)... This is hands down our favorite Thai restaurant.Nice ambiance, great pricing, and the dishes are amazing. I usually stick to the Crab Wantons and Pad Thai but they have a new tapas menu that is insane. Everything we tried was a winner. Hidden Thai jewel in the southwest. I promise you.
5	Great food , the crispy duck salad was amazing.The curry chicken was good also , we wait a little bit more than regular for the food cause they was busy on the take away.But after all great food !!!
5	Came here for lunch 2 days, and was honestly thinking of giving it just 4 stars until the second day when I got the pink noodles.  This place has really good food, I really don't have anything to complain about, but it just wasn't blow my mind status...until I looked at the regular menu and saw the pink noodles.  SO GOOD!!!It's a bit sweet but at the same time spicy and you can choose what types of noodles: thick flat, thin noodles, or egg noodles, and I got mine with the squid and shrimp, and they didn't skimp on that amount either which was spectacular. I was sooooo happy with my food!!I also ordered the asparagus and mushrooms, smaller plate but definitely a good size, cooked well and the mushrooms tasted amazing!!I will probably be back in the area again sometime for work and I am definitely planning on coming back here for some of that awesome food! :)
5	I'm actually impressed of this place, nice and classy decor, awesome service, food was great and at a fair price. I plan to be back here again :)
5	the best thai food in vegas hands down!!! their pineapple fried rice is to die for!!
2	This restaurant is just a pretty face with zero substance. Similar to an Australian male stripper I once met. Really nice to look at, but once he opened his mouth I couldn't run away fast enough. On to crappy Thai food.I walk in and am instantly taken back by how current and sharp this space is. They spent money in making it look appealing and it does! They were also playing some current American music which was unusual to me, but I liked it. Only one table was occupied by a couple when I placed my takeout order. The order taking was slightly awkward as I mentioned to the guy (because I am always entirely too friendly and can't help it. Unless I used expensive, yet bad moisturizer that is making my f*n face stink and the smell is killing me!), I mentioned that I have been dying to try this place.. He asked if I have ever had Thai food before. I wanted to ask him if he had ever brushed his teeth before. Again, I was nice about it. I placed my order for Panang chicken no rice and he then said," Medium or Mild". I responded with,"HOT". He gave me the look, but than wrote down my order. I paid and he said it would be a few minutes.....I don't mind waiting because I am in an especially good mood these days. The only couple in the restaurant pays and leaves. The music is turned off. The music never comes back on. I waited close to 30 minutes in silence for my order. I would have waited longer if I didn't get up and walk towards the kitchen. It had been sitting there for who knows how long. RUDE. I smile, grab my food and leave. Immediately I open the container upon walking in the door since I'm ravenous for some spicy curry. First impression- Panang sauce is really watery..... Second impression- Panang Chicken has tons of Thai chiles, but zero flavor other than heat. No basil or kaffir lime leaves. No complexity or richness to the sauce. Only pure coconut milk taste or lack of. Dinner fail. I really wanted to like this place and had hopes that this would be my new go to Thai spot for date night, but they just don't deliver on any level here. My suggestion is go anywhere else in the area for Thai unless you belong to a Coconut Milk Meetup Group or something. In that case knock yourself out. Literally.
5	Love this place.. Especially the curries they serve.. I love em all though, from spicy basil chicken to the spicy/ garlic eggplant. Hmm! The best thai food in town. I think.Will recommend. Staff is soNice and courteous!
5	I am a big fan of Thai food and Panna has the best Thai I food in Vegas (I think its even better than Lotus of Siam (which I thought was good but not great).   I had their tom yum soup which was delicious.   The restaurant itself has a great ambiance and it looks very clean.  The service is also great.
2	Good food but pretty terrible service. It took 15 minutes for the 1st course then another 40 minutes for the 1st entree to come out. Overall not a good experience, they didn't even ask how the meal was.
5	Best Thai food around the southwest area. The satay beef or chicken is to died for. Also, larb with sticky rice is my all time fav.
5	I've tried many Thai places in Las Vegas, this one is hands down the best.
4	came in here for dinner tonight on a recommendation from a friend that was craving larb.  it was clean, service was friendly.  ordered the larb (obviously), i had the basil flat noodles, and my friend had the duck soup.  the food was surprisingly very good and satisfying.  the larb was flavorful and even though we got the spiciness of medium it definitely had a kick.  i had the basil noodle with squid with medium spicy and it definitely had some kick to it.  a great thing about this place is free refills with their thai iced tea.  overall it's a good place.  only downside is this place is a bit pricier than thai places nearby (aka thai noodle house) but the ambiance is more "date night" type rather than quick bite to eat stops.  you can't go wrong with trying this place.  you're gonna get a good meal especially if you live on this side of town and lotus of siam is a bit of a drive.
5	We've eaten here 3 times now, trying different items, and every meal has been wonderful. Friendly staff, comfortable decor, great service... Highly recommended.
5	love this restaurant!! each dish is wonderful but my favorite is their fried rice
3	Found this place via Yelp because I was craving some spice.  I had ordered my food ahead of time for quick pick up.  I decided to order the garlic short ribs since this dish had been one of the recommended as I read through the reviews.  When I arrived they greeted me with big smiles and since my order was not quite ready, they pointed me to have a seat in the mean time.  The atmosphere is like your typical Thai restaurant, big furniture and large art.  When I got my order I quickly took it back to my office to enjoy.  I decided to order more salad then having rice.  I think I jipped myself because there was not that much salad.  However, there was plenty of garlic short ribs.  I give it an A-OK rating because there were some pieces that were rather dry.  I thought it was going to be full pieces of short rib, but it was cubes.  So I didn't quite have what I thought I would of gotten.  The taste is good, but warning that you will be burping that garlic all day long.  LOL.  I probably will return to try out some other dishes.  Seems to be a hit or miss and I'll be determined to find that special dish.  Every place has a special dish.
2	I tried this place years ago & fell in love with it! I tried it again today because my office wanted to try something new that the doctor hasn't tried. I am going to base my review on my food today & not how I felt about this place years ago. I got the Chicken Sate lunch special. The chicken was good. It comes with a peanut sauce that used to be my favorite part. The cucumber salad was good as well but not as I remember it to be. The part I didnt like the most was how much rice that came with the lunch special. It didn't compliment the amount of chicken I got with it. Also, I am a big fan of Spicy Thai Beef Salad and they didn't have that here... I mean it's a Thai restaurant? Lol It's really not a bad place and I'll eat here again. Just my experience today wasn't up to par.
5	I always enjoy coming here... I would always come here on a weekly basis because I used to live a couple of blocks away...It has a nice ambiance...Servers are very nice and attentive...I always order the Garlic Short Ribs, Beef Panang, Shrimp Pad Thai, Fish Herb Salad, Beef Sate and Thai Iced Tea to wash it all down with...I recently visited this place over the weekend and the menu is updated with a larger selection with photos.Over the years the place has gotten better and better.
5	Did I seriously not write a review on this place yet? I've frequented MANY thai places (all in LA except for Lotus of Siam), and this place is pretty dang good. LArb- 5 star. THe best I've had. Maybe they had a good day, I dunno, but it had a great amount of lime and cilantro with a serious kick. DELICIOSO!Drunken Noodle- 5 star. AKA Pad Kee Mao.  SOOOO GOOOOOOD. LOVE. Panang curry- 2.5 star.  Meh, I'd skip this. It was heavy on the cream and tasted a bit too americanized for my taste. In general the food here is a bit more americanized than authentic thai. I like the decor, and the prices are awesome. My fave here so far is the THAI ICED TEA.   I can really taste the black tea in there instead of the one's that are just diluted with a bunch of cream in it. And free refills? Too good to be true. That's unheard of in L.A.  Def Try.
3	The food was 5 stars all the way!Tuna tartar appetizer is a must....egg rolls and dumplings are great too!Service was extra slow! There were only two young ladies working the dining room doing everything...I felt bad for them but this made our experience slow and long. We will eat here again....I think we will just order take out and enjoy at home!
5	This place has finally won me over again! Despite of my last review I wanted to give this place another chance because it was one of my favorite places to get Thai food. This time around I came to dine in during my lunch break. It wasn't busy which I appreciated because I was having a short lunch today. They had recently changed their menu so when I had ordered the "monster salad" the waiter looked at me clueless. It's now called the "grilled shrimp salad".My salad came out as quick as I devoured it!  It was so delicious. It had just the right amount of spiciness where you can still eat it and not kill your taste buds. They were not cheap with the shrimp either. They put so much shrimp I finished the veggies and I still had shrimp left over. Writing this review makes my mouth water.. I want more! I want more! Lol
5	After several lunches, I have found this place has grown on me.  The flavors, the service, the ambience, and yes, even the price, are always on point.  Even the simple cup of soup served with the lunch special is delicious and comforting.  How does one make broth with vegetables taste like that? The next time I'm sick, I'm going to call in an order just for the soup.The chili basil chicken with brown rice is my go-to menu item for lunch.  I like that brown rice is an option.  I also like the free refills on Thai iced tea.I leave feeling satisfied and happy.
4	Panna Thai is a cozy restaurant in the corner of a strip mall. The decor and ambiance of the restaurant is above average for a restaurant of this size and popularity.  The wait staff was fairly attentive and friendly.I had the beef salad, which they do a little differently than most Thai places... the beef is done barbeque style, so it has a smokey flavor. Overall I prefer the more traditional pan-seared marinaded steak for this dish.
4	Awesome food. The ckn larb gia was fantastic. Nice and spicy. Full of flavor. It came out quick and hot.  The Thai tea was delicious.  The chicken pad thai was a little dry. Their jasmine rice is very fresh. Great atmosphere for a business meeting or an intimate dinner.  Would recommend to anyone
4	Super friendly, open late (til 10pm), amazing tofu pad Thai, and they cater to vegans. Happy girl! Glad it's so close to home.
4	sooooo good! The crab wontons are delicious and I usually get the spicy crab noodles. The portions are HUGE and everything is cooked fresh and hot. I only give it 4 stars because the staff isn't always very nice. Definitely a great take out place :)
5	This place is great! I have food allergies but love eating out. They always take care of me and keep the "can't haves" away from my food. I love their chicken pad Thai! If I had the money I would eat here everyday! The best part about this place is the fast delivery and you can order online/in app. That's right, I love this place so much I downloaded their app! Lol. We dine in every now and then but with a new baby delivery is just better if the baby is fussy. Great place with great staff. Would (and do) recommend to friends.
5	Love, love, love this place! Its my to go thai joint. Food is yummy and service is an A+. Lunch prices are such a good deal and good sized portions. One of my fave's!
5	This is one of my go to spots for awesome Thai food.  They are located near my old house and we frequented it at least 2 times a month. I am a huge fan of all of their appetizers, but their entrees make this place shine. I have tried many Thai restaurants in town, but this one still beats them all by food quality and price.  I love their pad see ew, it's hard for me to stray from that, but all of the other dishes I have tried are amazing as well. Ranging from their beef/chicken satey, crab noodle, fried rices, and soups, I can't find a single negative thing to say.  Definitely recommend if you're in the neighborhood, and if you're not, make the drive and see for yourself. Also need to mention, their prices are unbeatable.  Most plates are all under $10, you can't find that quality of food at that price anywhere in town!
5	Mongolian Beef is where it's at. Best Thai food we have ever had. Probably the only restaurant we will ever rate 5 stars.
5	Another great meal at our fav thai restaurant.  Had the mango chicken this time an it was awesome. It comes witj white rice an the flavor is great. Its sweet an just enough batter on the chicken is perfect. Great portions as well. They never disappoint.  Great food an great service.  Also had my favorites crab wanton an egg rolls. Thank for another great meal.
4	After my perinatal visit I decided I was really hungry. I wasn't sure what I was craving, but I knew this side of town had a vast amount of restaurants that I had been wanting to try. I consulted with Yelp and settled on Thai food. The restaurant was very spacious and clean and the host was welcoming. There was only one other table occupied as I came in at a weird "limbo" time of about 4pm. I ordered Thai coffee and Basil Noodles with seafood ($13.25) spicy level medium. I gotta say, pregnancy seems to have made me into a wuss when it comes to spicy food. Either that, or subconsciously I was not looking forward to the punishment that is severe heartburn. The portion was extremely generous, I would say enough for two people to share. I had them box up about half of it and had it for dinner little bit later. It may appear pricey to some, but it was an entree big enough to share. My total with tip was a little over $20..so not exactly cheap for one person, but as I said before, the portion and the quality justify the price. They did not skimp on the variety of seafood either. Their menu has a tapas section with many appetizing options. I am only giving them a four star because I want to try more of their menu before I decide it is emergerd the best thai food eva!There are enough items on their menu that I still want to try, so I will be back for sure.
4	This is one of my new favorite Thai places in town.  First, I love the menu.  Lots of bright pictures to help you choose and overall great choices.  I tried the spicy crab noodles and while it smelled funny, it was delicious.  Tango salmon was another winner that I recommend.
3	Staff is very friendly. Very clean and in a nice neighborhood. But the food was a let down. I ordered the tom yum soup, which tasted a bit sweet, I was disappointed with this one, because tom yum is one of my favorite thai foods. The pad thai was also disappointing. The only thing that I enjoyed was the crispy duck.
5	I love this place! I have almost tried everything on their menu and have loved everything. My favorite is the Chicken Saute. Everyone who works there is great, food is great, and it's clean!
5	This restaurant is has been my thai food craving go too. My husband and I enjoy their lunch specials. They have a big variety of creative appetizers as well. The thai tea is unlimited (seriously? Amazing) I have yet to try the thai coffee but I will next time! So far my favorite dishes are; soft shell crab, yellow and green curry, my husbands fave is noodle that has real crabmeat but I forget the name. I looooove ordering their fresh young coconut juice served straight from the coconut. All of their fried rice is really good. This place is clean with good service. Authentic thai food. I'm glad this place is close to home :)
5	Easily the best quality Thai food in Vegas. The servers are very welcoming and attentive. The price may be a little up there but their creative food selections are worth it. I love the fish salad, beef pad see eu, crab fried rice, pad Thai, and Thai iced tea. Be careful with the spice level (as with most Thai places I suppose). What's nice is that the flavors can stand alone with or without spice.
2	Lunch specials are priced right, however, the meat dishes tend to be overcooked, hard and dry. Will not be returning.
5	Hand's down the BEST Chicken Pad Thai I have ever eaten.  Ever.  Clean dining area.  Amazing.
5	We came in at 9:45, they close at 10:00.I know, I know. The last customers...rudeThey were very welcoming and politely reminded us that they were closing soon.I ordered the Panang, as it's my standard Thai food order. It's how I rank a place.The best Panang I've had in Vegas  so far.Husband ordered basil noodle, which is their rendition of Drunken Noodle, or Pad Ke Mao. His standard Thai order. Best he's had.This is our new Thai Fave.
5	I have been here a couple of time and really like to try more. The atmosphere was nice, clean, good decorated 5/5. Service was great! 5/5. Menu is amazing having pictures so help me to picture the food would like like 5/5. There is interesting appertizers. I had shrimp cake and it was good! 4/5. Groud pork Basil was great 4/5 Tom ka kai has 2 sides small and big which the small one is big enough for 2-3, taste was great, not disappointed 5/5. BBQ pork ribs fried rice is my favorite for lunch, very big, delicious and reasonable price!  5/5. Some are a little pricey if comparing with other restaurants 3/5.  But I would come back and try again!
5	Stopped here on my last visit to Vegas and was very satisfied. The food is delicious and the customer service excellent. You can order anything from typical Thai dishes to original creations, and can't go wrong. We had a large group so I was able to sample a lot of it, and loved it all. Try the ribs for sure. The scallop appetizer is great, as well as the fried spring rolls with mango salsa. And don't forget to order their fried banana with coconut ice cream! It's not the typical fried banana dish. They chop it up and roll them into coconut covered balls, and the ice cream is something special too.Overall a highly recommended place.
4	I've been to this restaurant 3 times recently with my boyfriend. I've had the chicken pad thai each time; he's had the curry chicken and cashew chicken. We've both enjoyed everything we've had there. The restaurant has always been rather quiet, which makes it a pleasant place for conversation, and is pleasantly decorated. Not 5 stars because the service is a bit slow and the spiciness levels seem to vary drastically ("medium' has meant both "just a hint of spiciness" and "so spicy it burns."Overall, a solid restaurant and one that I'll probably return to regularly.
1	Stay away from here if you're on your lunch break, sat and waited 40 damn minutes for our food that  never came and was never started. Terrible service
5	I normally get crab fried rice or spicy crab noodles, always awesome, food and service here is great, if your looking for Thai food definitely come to this place, like I said food is awesome. They're restaurant is very clean also, all the people that I have had or talked to here have been nice also.
5	Wow!  We drive out of our way to eat here when we are staying on the Strip. Best thai food that I've had in Nevada. Huge portions too. The peanut sauce is made fresh to order and is the tastiest I have experienced. The soup and fresh rolls are also good with evidence of  fresh cut veggiesGet the basil chicken medium spicy and you'll be good to go.  Service can be a pain during busy hours however.
3	Food is okay and everything takes forever. Appetizer took 20 mins to get here. If you have enough patience then it won't bother you that much. Just asked for my check 5 mins ago as we speak. Everybody works here is like in slow motion.
5	This is one of my favorite Thai restaurants in Lad Vegas.  I drive over 30 miles each way to this restaurant. Service: Is always on parFood: I love that they've added tapas style plates. I get to gave several of my favorite things at once.Atmosphere: It's a typical table and booth dinning, nothing special.  Television for those guys who want to stay up to date on their games.
5	The massaman curry, and spicy basil rice is sooo good! The Tom ka is coconutty and creamy! They even give free refills on Thai ice tea, which has never happened. I'm sure I'll be wired all night now and it's probably 500 extra calories I wasn't planning on .  The portions are a good size. We had leftovers of everything.  Go with the recommendations on yelp though. The staff is too timid to recommend anything other than the usual pad Thai. It's a little chilly in here.  I wish they would turn up the heat.
4	This is one of my favorite Thai restaurants in Las Vegas.  I drive over 30 miles each way to this restaurant. Service: Is always on parFood: I love that they've added tapas style plates. I get to gave several of my favorite things at once.  Be careful when ordering a spicy dish. We ordered most of our food medium or a #8 and it was really hot.  I drank more water and ate less food. Atmosphere: It's a typical table and booth dinning, nothing special.  There is a television for those guys who want to stay up to date on their games.
