4	Went with my collegues here one night to see a tremendous jazz singer, Michelle Sweeney. One of my co-workers makes it a point to go here each time she's on a business trip here. Though it was packed and the drinks were pricey- we actually lucked out and made our home at a table right in front of the stage. It was a blast! It's definately a great ice-breaker place. The decor is amazing- I could wander and gaze at it for hours (check out the pics). I'm sure the restaurant area is expensive and romantic, but I'm sure worth a try.
5	The House of Jazz in Montreal has a sophisticated atmosphere that feels like a classic movie. We had fantastic seats for dinner around 8:30 and stayed straight through to the second act that started after 10:00. The entertainment was spectacular. A few technical notes to consider if you go: parking is available on the street, and was a much better option than the pay lots (which were having cars towed after the lots closed early on Saturday, around 9:00PM!). The Maison du Jazz charges $5/person cover regardless of where you sit or if you have dinner. They also charged $2/person coat-check (which is not optional). Reservations are only available before 8:30, so we were fortunate to walk-in and still get a table; afterwards the wait was over an hour at best, and I did not see a table open up until we left at 11:00PM. If you do manage a seat, plan to linger and have a few rounds to celebrate your coveted spot. Dinner options were basically limited to steak or barbecue chicken. My strip steak was cooked well beyond the medium-rare that I requested, but was otherwise ok. Cocktails were made to spec and cost around $9 a pop (a bottle of wine would be much more economical, perhaps a nice Cava from Spain). If you time it just right, a trip to this Jazz club could be one of the most memorable moments of a visit to Montreal; if you're just a bit late you may spend a miserable night on the cold street. Oh and one last thing: dress well, look cool. Most men wore blazers and the ladies had cocktail dresses.
4	Jazz was pretty good. Scene was definitely interesting. Food was not amazing but not terribly overpriced either. The $5 cover was added to our bill which we found convenient. Atmosphere is really chill at this spot. Had a good time but not sure that i would go back. Heard this place was a much livelier spot when it was the old Biddles. Perhaps it's becoming a bit dated?
4	On my first night in Montreal, I was much later than the rest of my party due to a long wait at the border. As such, they had eaten already and I had not. The concierge at my hotel that suggested that we try this place that was right around the corner to please all.  His comment, "you won't be disappointed."  He was right.  For a purportedly famous place, this wasn't half bad.  It's billed as a jazz and dinner club with live jazz music every night it's open.  First off, the place was small which gave it an intimate feel.  It was full but but not crowded and we didn't have to wait for a seat (of course we was there on a late evening on Thursday too).  Being the only one in my party who was eating, we sat at the bar which didn't have great views of the stage.  This didn't bother me because I don't go to SEE jazz, I go to HEAR jazz and the club has great acoustics.  The tables (with few exceptions) have good stage views.  Table space is at a premium, BTW.  The jazz was a blues-jazz type improv group and was great.  Regardless of whether you eat or not, it's a $5 cover charge for shows.As for the food, the menu was mostly salads and barbeque chicken and pork ribs.  Now I am a vegetarian, but when the wait staff says their best dish is the chicken and pork ribs combo, by golly, I'll have the chicken and pork ribs combo.  And for someone who hasn't eaten meat in the last 15 years, it wasn't a bad way to fall off the wagon.  The pork was falling off the bone, the chicken was succulent and the portions were enough for two people.  The ribs are barbeque'd Memphis-style with a brown sugar and tomato based glaze and the chicken is grilled with the a less sweet barbeque sauce on the side.  The club's decor is funky and seedy: they have crystal chandeliers and old brass instruments on the wall with endless paintings.  The dress code: Montreal nice (chic dresses or skirts for the ladies, button down shirts and slacks for the men; no sneakers).  The prices were downside:  the entree was $25-30/plate, add on a drink ($7), the $5 cover charge and tax, and the bill was a hair over $45...for one person.  Not what I normally would have spent on one meal during a casual night out.Would I eat there again? No. Why? I'm just not that into meat.  Would I go again for the show?  Absolutely; even on the off nights, the jazz is white hot.
3	When I showed up, at 7:45pm, there was not much going on. The music supposedly starts around 8:30pm. But they have a really fascinating, and endlessly entertaining clip reel playing while you wait. It is all sorts of old jazz clips (Satchmo, Ma Rainy, Herbie Hancock) and it is hooked up to their great sound system. I was on my own, so it kept me entertained. The music was pretty mellow when I came. It was a piano led quartet, nothing earth shaking, but decent. The food was ok. I ordered the ribs/chicken combo. The ribs were tastey, but not tender the way you want your BBQ, and the chicken was dry  in spots, but again, tasted good. I would say the star was the cole slaw. (of all things)  Desserts were nothing to mention, and a note to iced tea drinkers, theirs is sweet, as, I suppose, you would expect from a BBQ place. The service started off alright, but by about 9 I was pretty sure my waitress was the only person working the floor. It prolonged the meal quite a bit, but seeing as how I was charged an extra $5 to see the show (on top of the rather pricey food) I was fine with the extra wait. Hell, at least they weren't rushing me out to turn over the tables.The decor is absolutely awesome, hard to describe. Looks great, though. Lots going on!This place would be better if you were with friends.
3	The company I work for recently had our Christmas party there (there were 85 of us and we took over the restaurant).I imagine it would be a fun place to have supper and stay for some tunes.  But it wasn't conducive for an office party.  It was too small for cocktails before dinner.  It got roomier once we sat down for supper.Supper was good ... cole slaw, fries, 1/4 chicken, a couple ribs and dipping sauce.  It tasted like St. Hubert's.  The music during supper was really LOUD and we wouldn't hear each other.  We had to ask to have it turned down a bit.  The band was good.
3	This place is nuts.I'm surprised that every review isn't about the decor of this club. It's kind of beyond description; it was actually a bit dizzying.Also, no one mentions the panda bears out front. Some sort of panda bear jazz group? Or the awesomely cheesy Blues Brothers guy tacked on the corner of the building? Or the retro cocktail menu?What an experience.To be fair, once you get past all the nuttiness, the staff was all friendly, our drinks arrived quickly, and people who listen to more jazz than I do thought the combo playing that night was good.
4	Now I consider myself a fan of jazz music, but with over a decade of going out in different clubs and bars throughout Montreal, I never once thought to visit the House of Jazz. After going there for the first time to celebrate a friend's 30th birthday, I will definitely consider going back before going to many other places. Since it was Saturday night there was a 10$ cover charge. It was the birthday boy's idea, so nobody really complained and I was just happy we paid 10$ to get into a jazz bar rather than a strip club.The first thing you notice as you walk in as how much of an old school feel this place has. It easily felt like I can be in a New York or even in a New Orleans jazz bar. The lighting is great, and the accessories and pictures throughout the bar make for a great atmosphere while you sit back and enjoy some good music. I did not get a chance to sample anything from the food menu but did try their signature alcoholic coffee drink which was pretty good, although a little too sweet for my taste. The one thing that bothered me and my group of friends, was how hot it was in the bar. This was an early October evening and it felt like it was well over 30 degrees in there, which had most of us sweating.A second visit to the House of Jazz is definitely in store for me in the future, as I am curious about their food items and menu. I'll just make sure to visit on a weekday to avoid the 10$ cover charge on Friday and Saturday.
1	Yeah well, it wasn't what we'd expected and was frightfully expensive. $50+ for two tiny, thin cocktails and less than 10 minutes of music on a Saturday night . The doorman said we could sit at the bar but then we were diverted off into a "doctor's waiting room" already occupied by a large party. The two of us were the only outsiders in the odd side room and felt like party crashers. We also could not appreciate the point of enjoying the performance by watching it on low quality video on big TV screen and hearing it through speakers in the ceiling in competition with the conversation of folks who could have cared less about the . We were given the choice of enduring it or leaving. We left, but were still nicked for the cover charges, the mandatory coat check fees, drinks and the rest.
4	I had a great time here this past weekend.  It's the kind of spot where at one point I looked around thinking, "why the heck haven't I been here before!"  The music was awesome, and just the right volume.  I was there with friends and we could still talk and also watch the show.If it wasn't for the food I would have rated it 5 stars.  The food was good, but not 5 star good.  I ordered the rib eye.  Nothing spectacular, and unfortunately that fries that accompanied it seemed like they were frozen from a package.  (my apologies if they are not...)Whether you are a jazz music fan or not I am sure you will have a great time here.  The audience was of mixed ages from early 20's to experienced ones...service was a little slow, but with the music to enjoy it wasn't a big deal.Not noly will I go again, but will bring my guests here in the future.  I'd be proud to share this place as a representation of Montreal culture.
4	Great ambiance and Jazz.   The decor is sort of over the top/heavy on decorations, but it is kind of fun..    We ordered the chicken nachos and the caesar salad.  Both were good and well prepared.   The drinks were a bit on the watered down side, but the music was good.  Overall a nice experience.    There is a cover !
5	I love this place! Service is always top notch, and the entertainment is great! From the moment I walked in, I knew it would be a good night (well, night*s* - I got the same feeling both times I went here). The music is soulful and full of life. Mirrors line the stage and stage ceiling so you can watch the musicians work their magic from any seat. The decor is pretty over the top, but that's what I love about it. Giant chandeliers, wine bottles on the wall, stained glass and grape-cluster lights, horse and dog statues - quite a bit of visual stimuli. The waiters and waitresses are efficient, friendly, and very attentive. The chicken and ribs combo is really good, and the chicken wings have a nice kick. The escargot were garlicky and delicious. The potato skins are nothing to write home about - they're topped with imitation bacon and lack a bit of oomph. The martini with port is pretty good, too. The creme brulee trio is presented nicely, and is quite good. There's just something about being here that puts the rest of the world on hold so that you just enjoy good company, good music, and good food.
1	Between mandatory coat check and music cover charge, I had paid $14 before I even sat down at my special, young adult table; conveniently located obnoxiously close to a floor speaker.The food was of a price that I'd expect from Baton Rouge with a quality and selection I'd expect from St. Hubert. Thank goodness I had a coupon off a deal site for this place. I managed to avoid wasting an obscene amount of money on the dining experience and instead opting for only wasting a moderate amount. The service was way to slow for 2 dishes (one being a salad). However, my waiter extremely helpful in notifying me, using a beautiful assortment of circles and arrows, that the tipping is to be done on the original amount, not the discounted one.I had high hopes for this place but it's clear that the 20-25 age group are looked down upon here. When the service goes sour, the food isn't good enough to be the sole justification of dining here.
3	Food was all very good, service was friendly and attentive. Always a nice atmosphere with the live music.
2	Do not come here to eat. This is a nice place for drinks and decent music, but the food service was awful. The prices were outrageous, even for Montreal standards. The quality of the food was very poor and the waiter seemed inconvenienced that he was serving us. This was relatively early in the dinner service and the place was only about 50% full, so there was no reason for the poor service.
1	I don't know what the hype is about. Seriously.We made reservations for 7pm and were promptly seated immediately in front of the stage. We asked for a different seat in the room left of the stage as we didn't want to be deafened.Food is not even worth mentioning. We got chicken rice soup (soup du jour) and buffalo wings and potato skin combo. Both seemed straight out of the package. Soup was peppery and better. We then waited. And waited. And waited an hour for our entrees to arrive. The waitress eventually acknowledged us (after my long stare downs) that the kitchen (and not the service) lost the paper and our ordered were lost. By then, it was already 930pm. We were starving and wolfed down our entrees by 950pm. Was the food good? No. The ribs were wayy to sweet. My filet was not bad. Was it worth the 27 and 33 CAD$ respectively? No.I'm from NY. I've been to my fair share of Jazz clubs. Was this place phenomenon? No. Was it pricey as if it should have been? Yes. I'd rather not return and not recommend it to others. Save your 140 CAD$ and go elsewhere.
3	Visiting a jazz club is an iconic Montreal experience.  House of Jazz was recommended by our hotel and they didn't steer us wrong.  The place oozed atmosphere, with giant chandeliers reflecting off lots of mirrors, plus stained glass ceilings, bronze statues and massive wooden bars.  There was an intimate smoky feel to the club but without the smoke.  Patrons included a nice mix of regulars (fans of Bob Ricci, a regular Sunday night performer), plus visitors and those celebrating special occasions.  The crowd definitely skewed older earlier in the evening.The menu has a BBQ/New Orleans slant.  I ordered the chicken and rib combo, a half a chicken that was fall off the bone tender, plus 4-5 ribs that followed suit.  The barbeque sauce, though, had a different taste.  I generally prefer something sweeter and a more traditional sauce would have been better.  But, overall, the kitchen turns out pretty good food.If you visit, call ahead and make a reservation, especially if you're a table of two.  Otherwise you might end up in front of the band in a noisy spot not conducive to talking.  You can avoid the cover charge by eating on the patio, but you'll lose that jazz club feel.  We found a small spot on a railing bar that was the perfect spot for viewing all the action.All in all, we had a delightful evening.
3	I had to think of some options for a jazz club, and while there are quite a few places to go in this great city, La Maison is a bit of an institution and it was also convenient at the time for where I was staying.The place as you probably know from reading, has a mandatory coat check, cover.. etc...I did not have any of the food, but settled in at a much later time to hear some music and just have a drink and take it in easy for the late night. The vibe here is classic, huge amounts of wood, chandeliers, green naugahyde booths with brass rivets, giving a great feel.  Much eye candy in ambience.  The waitresses wear flapper style feathers from their hair, and the place feels classy, but it also looks like that even with the cover they don't really enforce a dresscode either.I am a big cocktail fan, and the options here listed are some of the basics, with a list of martinis that range to basic standards to has beens (apple and chocolate I am looking at you).  My wife went for an Americano, props for having this on the menu and I asked for a Brandy Alexander which unfortunately was made with milk and not cream like it should, but this is disclosed on the menu.  It was also served on ice which in my opinion is a big no no.I get the impression they are not big on the cocktails here, this is not a cocktail nerds paradise by any stretch.  Drink service is also a little slow, but nothing horrid, but a floor manager dressed impecably would often come out with what appeared to be warmed home made chips with salt and black pepper to our table and others.Still the place is a bit pricey to see some music, and you are paying for the atmosphere.  I liked this place but certainly didn't fall in love with it.  It also has decent acoustics.  But if it's in your area it's worth checking out, it is an institution no question.
5	This place is for Jazz lover more than foodies .... but for those who have been there before, their food and wine collection has been significantly improved.
4	Came here for the jazz, not the food.  There was a $10 cover on a Monday night, but since we wanted entertainment on our vacation we were OK with that.  The band was great and we thoroughly enjoyed our night out.  The food wasn't great.  We did not order their 'specialties' and instead had potato skins, a salad, and caramel explosion dessert.  The potato skins were cheesy, but not great and the salad was a simple salad.  Dessert was good though with a fun presentation.  Come here for the jazz, not the food.
3	1 st time in Montreal wanted a romantic evening with the hub. Performance was nice. Seating should be more spread out. Lighting is awful, should dim lights more. Service was not great.  Slow service. Ribs were horrible.
5	Had a great time, went for my birthday and brought a tuango coupon with me.The food was really good tried escargot for the first time here. Also the salmon which was juicy and tender...I liked how for dessert the creme brulee came with three flavours one regular, one chocolate and the third one tasted orangey..mmmmmmmThe show was entertaining and made me daydream(lol), atmosphere very romantic perfect for a first date! ;)Will be returning!
4	Just a few mins walk from the Hilton where we were staying. Food was okay, but atmosphere, service and music great. Had a really good evening with friends.
