3	I admit it, one of my guilty pleasures is fast food.  I try my best to stay away from these joints, but I can't help it every once in a while.  This Jack In The Box location is most convenient because it's a few blocks away from my house.I like coming here because it's at the gas station I use the most and the drive thru is usually pretty fast.  The food is always hot and fresh and I've never had any issues with taste.My most recent visit, I ordered a Big Cheeseburger and a Bottle of Water.  Simple order, but one of my fav's.  It was as tasty as a JITB Burger can be.  It did the job.....filled my tummy.Will I return?  Unfortunately, yes.
5	I'm here a lot, it's right around the corner from me. The food is always correct,hot,fresh and the staff is always friendly.
2	Every time I come here the ask me to "pull around" after taking my money. No, give me my food now or give me back my money. The looks you get after saying this is amusing, they don't know what to do, and what do you know? My food pops right out! Thank you sir may I have another
1	I just went to this particular jack in the box, which used to be my favorite because they had great customer service. Not only did they give me the wrong shake, when I got home I took a drink and water bug shell was in my mouth. After swirling it with my straw I could see the entire bug was mixed in. I will never go here again. I am so disgusted.
4	Would give 5 stars to the people who work here- Always friendly and nice. As far as the food, it pretty good but not amazing- not a knock against this store particularly. Very efficient and convenient for me. Keep up the good work and bring back the All American combo- great value!
1	Omg freaking terrible!!!! Don't ever eat here EVER!!! pulled up asked for the 1st thing I wanted .....they were out..... 2nd backup..... they were out..... and finally the third thing as a double backup they had it but not the sauce I goes with..... didn't have my side item jap poppers.... didn't have my drink..... dr. Pepper.... wtf do you have?!?!?!?!?! Your a chain restaurant u should have everything all the time..... that means 1 thing.... The MANAGER IS AN IDIOT AND DOESNT KNOW HOW TO ORDER!!!!  Go to another jack in the box. This one is terrible. Crappy customer service too
1	Someone here is an idiot. Cashier repeated, "wedges." Receipt says, "wedges." But I come home to find their horrible fries with a sad amount "cheddar" substance and bacon on top. This was my diet "cheat." Thanks for ruining that and saving me a few hundred empty calories.
1	This review is not so much for this location but the parent company, Foodmaker Inc. Headquartered in San Diego, CA. Several years ago a manager at this location presented me with a special card that had no expiration, and entitled me to free combos, or other types of food. It seemed ironic to receive this gift after a short conversation with the manager,as I'm from San Diego and have been a big fan of Jacks since they were a local San Diego chain. It's almost as if I'm being rewarded for 50 years of brand loyalty. Several months ago this card was taken from me by someone at this location, he informed that their was a mistake, and that he needed to confiscate the card. I reluctantly handed it over, not wishing to cause a problem in the restaurant. I notified Foodmaker via e-mail about this and all they did was send me a form letter back, never contacting me personally. My girlfriend experienced a problem at the A&W next door, and not only did they personally contact her, but sent her 2 "Be Our Guest" cards, allowing her to have 2 free combos at any A&W store. Problem corrected in 8 days! After waiting another month, I again contacted Foodmaker asking for some sort of explanation, again the exact same form letter, with no personal contact. So thanks for nothing Foodmaker, after 50 years I'll be taking my business to A&W and In&Out.
