5	One of the best massages I ever had.Clean and relaxing environment. Great techniques that are different from someone just rubbing your back. You feel the results.Great place to relax and re-energize.
5	This was easily one of the best massages I have ever had! In addition, the spa is so beautiful  and peaceful, and the price is just plain low ($36 for a 50-minute "Thai foot massage" - it's all over, not just feet!) - basically, an unbeatable deal!My husband and I have been to their other location, as well, and this one is just as beautiful and just as delightfully staffed with kind, professional people.Enter a beautiful, silent room full of massage tables disguised as comfy chairs, separated by curtains.  You start on your back, with your knees bent and your feet in a lined basket of hot water.  While those puppies soak, you are treated to an extensive arm, shoulder, neck and head massage.  Then, an incredible foot and leg rub takes place, complete with lotion for your feet and amazing Thai leg stretches.  Finally, you turn over and enjoy a full back and leg massage.  I looked down through the face cradle to see a lovely little basket of stones (the carved one on top said "Happy"), which smelled wonderful.On this occasion, they really outdid themselves.  My masseuse, Min, was absolutely incredible.  I hurt part of my back that day, and when I mentioned it, she asked if I'd like her to focus there.  I said yes and, wow, she really did an incredible job!!  She was so strong and so expertly targeted.  It hurt so good!!  By the end of the massage, I felt infinitely better.  My husband's massage was also excellent, as we have come to expect from visiting the other location.We'll definitely be back, soon!!
5	My first Thai massage ever and I can't believe what I've been missing!  A wonderful cross between deep tissue, stretch and acupressure. It's fantastic. Your body feels fully revived when your finished. This place is beautifully done. Serene, professional, friendly. All the things you want at a terrific value. Don't hesitate to go!
5	When it comes to massages, i prefer deep tissue over swedish. After i read other's reviews about thai massage, i decided to give it a try. I booked for myself and my husband.  Bottom line is i love this place and i will most likely to return to this place.  It's a full body massage from head to toe and you're completely relaxed and energized after an hour.  And the price is insane.
5	This is a great place to pop in and relax for an hour, or more.  I have been now 8 times and had several different therapists.  The technique is consistent across the board.  From wearing high heel and genetics I have issues with my feet.  Reflexology seems to help.The place is new, very clean, and the price is right!
