4	Ok. Now this isn't the kind of place you go to gaze upon the beauty of the restaurant.. It's a little hot-dog/ french-fry dive located in St.Henri that just happens to serve THE BEST poutine! Andre, the owner/manager/full-time worker there, makes the most delicious poutine sauce ever! Also, if your in the mood to chomp into some real meat, they have the most monstrous jumbo burgers i've ever seen.. I think i'd call them meat pancakes instead of burger patties. lol. So if your ever looking for something to soak up the alcohol in your stomach after a night of drinking, or you've just got a hankering for an amazing poutine.. A.A.'s is the place to go my friends! :)
5	Okay.  Best poutine in the city.  Somehow the owner, Andre, has figured out how to keep the fries perfectly crispy under that amazing gravy of his.  His poutine makes me want to go out in the St. Henri area just so I can end up at his doorstep at 3 am.
4	Came here after reading the other good reviews on Yelp, and I wasn't disappointed - they're all true (including this one!).When I showed up, it's obvious that this place has been around for a long time. Like a lot of the other good poutine places in Montreal, don't be food by the fact that the decore hasn't been changed in 20 years - you're not here for the ambiance.I got the cheese burger and poutine. The burger was a good North American burger - a bit small by Aussie standards, but the toppings were all fresh. In the end, it was just a side to the "main" dish... The poutine was fantastic! the fries were good, fresh, but not too fried. The gravy was outstanding. It was thicker than most poutine gravies, very beefy. The cheese curds were fresh, and there were plenty of both on it. If that seems like a lot of time to spend describing fries, curds, and gravy, then you don't know how big a deal poutine is in Montreal. I won't say it's the best in Montreal here, but if you're serious about trying the "best of" poutines, you HAVE to try A.A.'s.
5	Great poutine. Rivals La Banquise, the traditional gold standard. I'd say La Banquise has slightly better fries, worse gravy, approximately equal cheese curds (smaller though, which I think is a minus), but has the advantage of atmosphere--but AA doesn't have crazy down-the-block lineups either, perhaps because with Greenspot and an especially cool LBP branch nearby, they aren't the only game in town. They put something crazy in that gravy, very distinctive...cinnamon maybe? Something mildly narcotic that just makes you feel a special something? Cheeseburger was awesome too.Cash only, pay after you eat.
3	A.A. is for Original Gangsters only.Ok, maybe not, but I know you smell what I'm cookin. I walked into the mostly empty shop on a cold late afternoon while the owner / cook / triple O.G. was choppin' it up (conversing) with his triple O.G. coterie. Time definitely stops when you walk in, as the decor - or anything really, for that matter - hasn't changed in over 50 years, per the owner.My quest to find Montreal's most satisfying hot dog led me here. I got one 'all dressed' as they say up North, and I think it just consists of mustard, relish and cabbage. I'm not sure how the cabbage is prepped, but it was like a pseudo cole slaw topping. The dog itself was average, the cabbage didn't do anything for me, but at the very least they toasted my buns.If you're into nostalgic restaurants and older men droppin' knowledge on us youngins' on how to truly conduct ourselves, A.A. is the place for you.-Beantowns Finest
5	Good poutine is good. Thick cut perfect fries topped with one of the best sauces and massive hunks of cheese curds. Need I say more?
4	This is totally my go to place when I want a poutine or a greasy burger or something that just feels like it's out of a 50s diner (literally, not like a modern crisp version of one).This is a far superior poutine than Banquise, if you wanna talk about "best" poutines. I love places like this. Totally old school. Totally awesome. Just stuck with what works for decades.
5	Indispensable poutine and burger joint in Saint-Henri. It seems they are recently closed for renovation but the place goes as authentic as it gets, not to mention it is affordable.
5	There's nowhere better to have a hot dog and a poutine at 5 in the morning, NOWHERE! Andre has been grilling up the big dirty for a million years, and although he's closed for renovations right now, when he reopens, he'll keep cooking it up for another million. The portions are insane, the staff is borderline crazy, sometimes rude, sometimes amazing, but this place can't be beat. Their hours are crazy too, basically Andre will not close down shop unless it's completely empty. I've gone in at six in the morning and he's still been slinging gravy during a snow storm, the guy is insane! I usually go for the small poutine and a toasted hot dog on the side, all dressed. If I'm feeling particularly like I want to kill myself, I get the Bacon cheeseburger. If you do the same, watch the handful of bacon Andre is going to throw on the flat top. That's too much bacon! It's so good. Please reopen soon AA, I need you.
3	Ok, this place has really great hours. They are open something like 20 hours  a day, 7 days a week. So, If you are in the area at 4am, this is your only option for food.Andre, the main guy is liked by everyone and pretty overworked. The food is not disgusting but I wish the prices were as low as the hygiene standards.
