5	Excellent, Excellent, Excellent! Arrived 15 minutes early, sent me an estimate within an hour, and out of six contractors (two that never showed up), I chose Flooring America. My new floors are beautiful and of high quality. The entire process was worry free and they were kind to my pets :-).  We look forward to using them again and recommending them to family and friends!
5	Flooring America installed our new wood floors.  They did a fantastic job!  I went into the store to look at samples.   Everyone at the store was really helpful.  The owner came out to do the measure and give us the estimate for the floors.  He had the estimate e-mailed out to me a couple of hours after he left.  The price was reasonable.  We ended up choosing maple hardwood in varying plank widths (4, 6, and 8 inch).They moved all of our furniture, including my antique dining room set, with great care.Their finish work is great.  They removed our old baseboards and cut and installed new ones we had purchased.  All of the corners and edges look fantastic.  They didn't damage our newly painted walls in any way.   Overall, The installers were very professional.I would definitely use them again.  I am thrilled with my new floors!!!!
5	Very speedy turnaround, excellent service, great prices (we compared with 2 other places), and excellent craftsmanship.We had a difficult job - stonework fireplace and weird angles that required extreme attention to detail and quality work. They far exceeded our expectations.Additionally, I had a really difficult time selecting the carpet color for another room. Tory worked with me for over two hours without rushing me. He showed extreme patience and understood that this is an investment that requires consideration. Highly recommend Flooring America!
4	When we bought our Scottsdale house it needed some updating. One of the last things to do was replace the tile floors. It had an off white 18 inch tile with grout lines that were impossible to keep clean. After a lot of research we settled on 18" Travertine and opted to also do the living room and the dining room. All told we had over 1,700 sq. ft. of Travertine installed. The bedrooms and the den are still carpeted.Flooring America did a good job.  We went on vacation when they did the installation so they were able to move all of the furniture into the bedrooms. They put plastic over the kitchen cabinets, closet doors and hanging lights.  When we came home the house was spotless. They wiped the walls, etc. down after they were finished.They did have to come back to replace some tiles and that was a bit messy. I don't know if it has to do with the grout line size (about the width of a dime) but I've had some of the grout pop out in a few spots. Easy enough to fix.All in all, it looks nice. They weren't the cheapest bid but their references checked out and the AZ Registrar of Contractors didn't have any complaints on them.I'd certainly call them in to give me a bid on my next tile job.
5	While the entire staff is very nice here, we have had the pleasure of dealing with Todd and Melissa the most.  We have had Flooring America install our carpet and tile and also one of our family members carpet, tile, fireplace and countertop.  We just had them do another project for us and had them remove and install a Black Granite countertop and backsplash. We are very happy with everything and would recommend them highly. Thanks Flooring America.
5	Flooring America installed carpeting in our master bedroom.  Todd was a pleasure to work with ... I was provided an estimate and an installation date on the same day he visited my home to measure.Installers arrived on time and did a great job with installation. And the best part, no additional fee for moving my furniture. They even put my bed back together.Great experience and would highly recommend ... thank you Todd and crew for a great job!Kay in Scottsdale
