2	You go here for airport food..that's what you good.Pizza by the slice, stromboli's and lasagna.Had to have some food before my flight...it's adequate.
1	I am disgusted that I succumbed to eating here, but I was starving and there was no place for me to grab food until I landed in Austin. Unfortunately, Sbarro happened to be the first restaurant that I saw after I landed in Charlotte. I ordered a slice of pizza, a spinach roll, and a water. I left $16 poorer and queasy. P.S. staff is rude.
2	I was in the Charlotte airport between flights and stopped at Sbarro by gate C14.  Just to echo what the others said, don't expect anything great here.  I got an edible slice of pizza with a crunchy, cracker-like crust.  I suppose it was their version of a thin crust. I had a salad with it for about 8 bucks.   The salad was coated in oil and vinegar dressing.  The pasta dishes did not look good, the marinara sauce looked thin.  Wasn't much different than most Sbarro airport fare.
3	I just landed and I was looking for something to eat. One guy behind the counter was like who wants this slice? And so I took it. I can't remember what was on it but it was pretty good. I couldn't stay long i had to catch a flight to Tampa.People in Charlotte have funny accents.
3	I was in here last week during a layover. Obviously it's not amazing, but it's not bad either! Service at the counter was friendly and I didn't get sick from my slice of pepperoni. The crust wasn't like a cracker either. I read the other reviews before giving them my $5, and you know what? Charlotte airport Sbarro is cool with me.
2	My favorite things at Sbarros is the stromboli with extra sauce.  It's not that flavorful but I think it offers the best value and makes me really full.  The prices here are ridiculous compared to mall prices.  $6.99 for a stromboli, really guys?!?  I guess its just that this one was located in the Charlotte Airport so the rent is higher than usual.
1	Staff was nice food was terrible. I'll never eat here again.
3	It's a Sbarro so if you're expecting great, or even good, Italian food you're WAY off. However if your expectations are in line, this version of the chain delivers their food quickly and from a friendly counter staff.  Seriously.. In an airport anything more than that is probably deserving of 5 stars!
2	I was craving some pizza here in CLT, so I thought why the heck not it will satisfy the craving. The piece of pie I got was nasty the crust was almost like chewing on a piece of cardboard  and just generally an unpleasant experience. The pizza for being a supreme had a flavor of nothing but fat and and salt, nothing else really.
1	Sbarro is mediocre at best on any given occasion however it turns out its especially bad at airport locations.
2	The good:- they have pizzaThe  bad- used to be clean.- tables, floor, trays are dirty- pricey
2	Fastest place to grab some hot food near the C gates at CLT airport but it's pretty subpar pizza. Also watch out there's two different prices for pizza - one for normal and one for specialty. Either way it's going to be $4.50-$5.50 for a slice which is pricey for the taste and quality.
1	Remember when Sbarro used to be pretty good mall pizza? Well, they left the malls in Tucson quite some time ago so when we had a layover in Charlotte, Sbarro sounded like a good choice. Wrong. Oh so wrong.I ordered a slice of pepperoni pizza, a Greek salad and a soft drink. Pricey but whatever, I'm in the airport. What I wasn't expecting is how awful the food was. My salad was full of limp lettuce and quite a few pieces were browning pretty badly. My pizza was tasteless and nondescript. It would be nice if they tried to keep the place a little cleaner - the place wasn't even packed so it wouldn't have been hard.Best part of my meal? The root beer.
4	I love Sbarro's I used to eat. This pizza as a kid at the local mall. Service was great and the pizza was as I remembered it. If you are here and want to grab something quick this is a good place to go too. When fling out of Philly I will be headed back here for my hunger needs.
1	Had a layover and wanted to get something to eat. The pizza was just okay but the restaurant itself was awful. The employees were unfriendly and if you didn't know right away what you wanted they would just walk away. The place was a mess! The tables were dirty, the trash was overflowing, and the floors were disgusting. They need to retrain their employees on customer service and how to clean. Ick.
2	Typical Sbaro menu. Unfortunately this  franchise is very dirty. I work in the airport. So I  see  it regularly not like the passengers who just pass through.They do a booming business due to the airline passengers but when I look around the dining area I think could use a power washing and a few gallons of bleach. Just think of what we cant see. Where is the health department?Hey manager! The  food is good but clean the dining room. Please!
5	The first time I made a stop in Charlotte I went to this very place. I did the same the two times after that (even when my flight didn't land close to the C concourse)Since my first visit, every time I have competing flights while going to the East Coast, the one that stops in Charlotte makes the last cut.The reason: very good pizza.
2	Worst Sbarro I've ever been to.  The pizza was rubbery and luke warm.  There were plenty of open tables but not one clean one.  The trash cans look like trash cans that come from large corporate restaurants.  The coffee and soda stations were not much cleaner.  Definitely didn't feel as if I was eating in a sanitized environment.  I can understand if they were busy then had would have some excuse.  To top of these interesting experience,  two employees just sat down to eat.  Unbelievable! Management has no regards for cleanliness.Sbarro,  what happened?!?
