4	I pretty much hate getting my haircut.  I really do.  I let it grow until I'm absolutely sick of it.  I just don't trust people to cut my hair and I don't really like spending the money.  My wife refuses to shave my head for me and won't let me go to Great Clips so I've had to find another place to get a haircut.  I had a serious problem with Mastercuts, which is right upstairs from this Salon, and I will never go back.  I have been to Regis Salon twice and have had my hair cut by two different people.  Both times my hair has come out pretty great!  I have been quite happy with it and will go back here again.  It helps when the stylist actually listens to what you want and doesn't just do what they feel like.  This review is based solely on that fact that I'm a guy and just need a simple haircut.  I have no idea about how they are for women.
5	I have been coming to this salon for about 2 years and i have always been extremely happy with their work. My hairstylist, Valerie, is super. She is great to talk to while I'm getting my haircut and is really great at doing my hair. During the shampoo she does scalp massages with mint shampoo that relax even the most stressed person. If I wasn't moving I'd still go there for every haircut.
1	I was a faithful client of Charmaine and Stacey for 7 years.Never had an issue. UNTIL both were away on vacation.I allowed the Manager "Valerie" to color my hair.When my hair was every color of the rainbow, popsicle orange at the top, and green at the bottom, she offered to fix it in 11 days, since she was going on vacation. I pleaded with her that I couldnt possibly leave the salon looking like a trainwreck, she made an appt for 11 days later. I wore a hat for 2 days, after peoples disbelief, I complained on the REGIS website. Corporate then had Stacey try to correct it, IT WAS BAD, we couldnt colro correct it on the 1st try so we had an appt for a week and a half later, as she loaded me up with product to condition me.Valerie came back and saw that Stacey had an appt to fix my hair again, and Valerie forbid all the stylists in the salon to never do my hair again.I was shocked. I tipped her, Stacey and wasnt given any reason why.I complained to Corporate once again, and tld them that I was banned from the salon, and the Gen Mgr was shocked as well. Corporate was great, they refunded my money, and said Im allowed back in and that she had no power to say that to anyone...but I wont be returning. She over charged me, was irresponsible, and then when her ego was bruised in front of her stylists she blamed the customer.Valerie is not a good hair stylist. It took 4 stylists in awe, disbelief and disgust to stand over me and try to figure out a way to correct me.I recommend going to anyone BUT Valerie. Shes a very bitter,and angry old lady with no respect for a client who had been utilizing the salon for years
4	It's been a long time since I got my hair cut here, but I wanted to say something because Mila is the best hair dresser I ever had. She was patient, she listened to and verified what I wanted to make sure she got it right, and she ended up giving me a gorgeous hair cut and color. Seriously, my hair never looked so good and it was exactly what I wanted. Plus, the experience was pleasant because she was so sweet and friendly. However, I'm unsure about the other people in the salon. There was an asian man in there, in particular, who was extremely rude to me and when I asked him about prices he inferred that I was too poor for him to do my hair. He shot me dirty looks the entire time I was leaving. I have no idea what his problem was. So I loved Mila, in particular, but the salon itself seemed mediocre with one giant ass in it.
5	Decided to come here to treat my mom to a Mother's Day hair cut pamper session and the end result for me and mothers hair was fantastic. These 5 stars are specifically for Christy though. The one star goes to the old lady who has her chair closer to the front and to the other two red heads. First off, everyone but Christy are snobby snobby snobby. I caught the three rolling their eyes at their customers to each other and talking about them and all their customers were doing was relaxing peacefully on their chairs. When me and my mother arrived the older lady was horrible at greeting us. She just seemed like she was ready to go home! She seemed like she didn't want us to stay because she didn't want to be the one ready to cut our hairs as soon as she was done working on her previous person. Until christy volunteered and said that she would be ready in a bit. The older lady didn't even escort us to the seating area and we were standing in front of the cash reg for 20 min. What a shit show host. All in all, go here for christy! She's amazing and she takes her time at what she does! Forget everyone else! I would've said never mind if I found out that any one of the three were about to cut my hair.
5	I have just moved to Vegas and needed a haircut.  I was at the mall so I went to Regis.  It was only $25 and Georgette did an awesome job.  I would recommend Georgette and the salon.  It will be my regular spot from now on.
5	5 Stars for Georgette...just got my hair cut there yesterday, 6/22/14, and finally found a stylist that gets it. Nice conversation, not mindless drivel. Listened to what I wanted and eased into it, fine tuning as we went along. $25 for cut and shampoo. She doesn't rush you through the cut or wash. Very relaxing. I've been to this location before with my kids and didn't have the greatest experience. (Everyone ran and hid when they saw 2 kids cuts walk in....sad cuz my kids are perfect in the chair) This experience was night and day. Highly recommended.
4	Went to the Galleria mall, wanted to get my hair trimmed ! So I walk in to Regis & michelle did a great job :)!! This is a good place to go to ....
5	Great place, the people are great at hair and eyebrows (that's all I've gotten done there) very nice and so professional. It's cool it's in the mall too just if you wanna do some shopping! But if you just wanna go in and out I recommend parking by Dillard's :)
