4	Really trendy spot (which is why it doesn't get a 5), but fun all the same... the decor is great, and the food and drinks are good (but expensive)... the unisex bar has glass doors with a neat twist, definitely not a place for the prudish...
3	Super trendy but in a good way (I think).  Straight from LA.  This is one of the places the beautiful people come to party.  Awsome fruity martinis.  Dark and loungy.  Crazy unisex bathrooms.Update:  I was back at Six recently and was bored out of my mind.  The martinis were way too sweet.  The music was too loud.  The lights above the bar were positively blinding.  There entire freaking place was "reserved" seating only even though the place was practically empty when I got there (it was only 10 pm on a Friday).  My friend asked, "Can we sit at a table?".  "No, that area is bottle service only."  Her second question, "Do you have any tables for paying customers that are here right now?"  Blank stare.  So... I'm sure Six is still a good time if you are in the right frame of mind.  I just can't give it a ringing endorsement anymore after my recent experience.
5	If the girls at Six are any representation of the quality in Arizona, who the hell cares if you're living in the middle of the desert.  Definitely the place to be seen in Scottsdale
4	I am not a dance club person at all.  Seriously, unless forced or obligated for a bachelorette party, I don't do clubs.  Six is a great alternative to the club scene.  Cool lounge atmosphere with great music and good drinks.  The down side is all the people doing ecstasy, drinking water.  I prefer the drunks to the druggies.  However, it is a cool place to mingle in Scottsdale.
4	Going to Six on a Wednesday is much different that a Saturday.  Midweek it was very relaxed, on a Saturday you could barely move inside.  Drinks are high-priced, but that is expected.It looks like I should have checked out the bathrooms!  There is always next time...
5	Oh, how I wish there was a place like this in Boston.  Another one of our stops on our AZ trip in October and boy am I glad we made this stop!  Its a great lounge.  A straight up lounge.  We didn't have a table arranged beforehand but when we got there my husband spoke with the manager who set us up nicely at a little table for two in a great location.  I was blown away by the DJ who was there that night...every mix was inventive and different....classic rock and hip/hop?  My two favorite types of music!  (We don't get that in Boston)  I'm one of those people who loves to check out cool bathrooms and the bathrooms here are just that.  They have the frost over the glass thing going on like Tao in Vegas.  The best thing about Six was that it was soooo inexpensive!  We laughed for a good 5 minutes when the bill came.   $60 for 4 Red Bulls and Vodka, 2 glasses of champagne and 2 beers?  Are you kidding me??!!  Awesome.  Totally awesome.  That easily would be over $100 in Boston.   This is an excellent lounge!Update:I have visited Six a few times since we moved out here and every time I have a lot of fun.  I also laugh hysterically at the inexpensive bill that comes at the end of the night.  Most recently my husband and I went on a night they were having a VIP Guest Appreciation Night; we were treated to a night out that cost a mere $60 and included many glasses of champagne as well as hand passed hor's dourves that were quite delicious.  (Mini tacos, chocolate covered strawberries and lots of other yummy things.)
4	Six has two Sides a DJ with dance floor and nice hip Lounge side.  best of both worlds.  played great music. trendy.  It's pretty cool.  hip decor and fun!  kind of small.  Bartenders could have been more attentive.  But with the huge crowds in town Back to back weekends for two BCS Bowl games.  I can see how they might get a little tired!  One bathroom for both boys and girls!
4	It's rare to find a trendy Scottsdale lounge that mixes good drinks, friendly staff, and a cool scene. Even though this isn't really my scene, every time I end up here I'm pleasantly surprised. The crowd is diverse --- Paris Hilton wannabes and shaggy fake blond Cali guys, fat guys and ugly women, laid back cool peeps, and of course the beautiful people. The bathroom setup is probably worth a trip if only to check it out. They don't seem to discriminate at the door, so all should feel comfortable despite the somewhat exclusive aura of the place.
3	Eh. From the perspective of a non-clubber, Six is ok. I actually really like the setup and the music has its good nights, but I've always found the staff to be less than helpful. They are mostly huge dudes that focus on crowd control, but I've been there a handul of times and have seen them push people around more than is necessary. I would much rather go to Six than Suede or Axis, but would prefer somewhere like Mickey's or Drift than any of those.
4	For a Sunday night, this place was crackin! A group of us rolled in after dinner at RA and found the party. It was not too busy to be able to order a drink and their bar was more than amply staffed. They have an army of attendants ready to sweep up broken glass, pick up finished drinks, and manage the bathroom lines and cleanliness. The DJ was playing a great (and fair) mix of hip-hop, top 40 and house/dance music. There was a $5 cover, which I thought was fair considering how heavily staffed they were and how relatively reasonably priced their cocktails were. A nice plus was that we were able to secure a free table opposite from the bar. Great view of the VIP and the floor. Whenever I'm in Scottsdale, I always enjoy having a few drinks here.
5	random thoughts drafted on my PDA while at 6- why do girls that have low necklines complain that some guys stare too much and some guys don't look enough- why do people DRIVE... they should 'outsource' to someone sober- having a tech job seems silly to an Arizonian- Why do people complain about waiting in line because that's where some people do their best work- College undergrads here look like they're 27+ to me cuz of the sun damage.  - 6 should make undergrads wear orange bracelets- Is anyone here NOT from the midwest??  I almost want to say "San Fran", even though I'm from Chicago, just to be different - Why do they refer to the bay area as SanFran or worse 'cisco- Why does AZ have a Chino Bandito and not 'cisco- Why do baseball players show me the numbers of the 30 girls that gave them numbers??  p.s. When I get a number its one number.  When a baseball player gets a number it home phone, work phone, cell phone, mom's phone, email address EVERYTHING.  Their scraps of paper look like essays!- If I say I went to Blah University its bad.  When I say I am a couple credits short of a B.S. the red carpet gets rolled out-Why are there so many cubbie fans here...  DId you know your precious Ivy wall is covered in ads now??  Cheering for a baby mammal Bear "Go Cubbies..." makes me wonder if US warplanes were nick named tadpoles, puppies or guppies would have a chance of defending the USS Arizona (oh wait, the USS Arizona sank! So maybe we should learn our lesson and......Cheer for a Padre.  Padres were a secret society of CIA that smoked out spies... cheer for a Diamondback.  Diamondbacks were used to torture German POWs kept in Papago Park... cheer for a Dodger.  Brooklyn Dodgers were air force that supported England unofficially before US official entry into WWII (did that war happen because Jap textbooks don't mention it) I have to get off my pda now.  a nerd clicking away is just too attention getting
5	Six always ends my  nights out in old town, and it usually goes a little something like this:StingrayDriftSuedePCLSixhomeFor some reason, my friends and I have an adversion to staying in one location longer than a couple of hours, and at 2am when the lights come back on, 98% I'm standing in the middle of Six. It's a dark, sexy looking place where the music is always good, you're going to run into people you know (whether you want to or not - always good for some drama) and yeah, the drinks are pricey but not by Scottsdale standards. I love six and you will too. Girls,  go through the back entrance and guys, try there too, it's easier than you think.
3	If youre feeling particulary wealthy and trendy, grab your birkin bag and head into Six.  What do you guys do that you thought Six was a cheap night out?  Maybe you were drinking well vodka (GASP) or something but when I go there (despite last weekend when we had a table and bottle service, DEFINITELY the way to go there, thanks CJ!!), I break the effing bank on peach martinis.  Six is known for them and the little gem of a peach gummy candy at the bottom of your glass which screams at you to buy more $11 martinis.  Eeek.   Quit bossing me around peach gummy.  Grrrr.If your sugar daddy of the hour isnt whining about feeding you drinks, you'll have a great time at Six.  Weekends are packed so bring your patience, and your size Large bladder because waiting in line for the bathroom is a bitch.  Once you get in there, they are nice...trendy with frosted windows, but the girls end up waiting forEVER while guys breeze right on in.  Annoying.The music is good, the clientele is top notch Scottsdale and VIP service is flawless.
2	Six is a cool place. Bartenders make good,stiff drinks. It seems like you see the same people there all the time. One thing is that I rarely go during the weekends because it is too packed and you can't even walk around much less talk to people without having some drunk ASU co-ed looking for his parent's credit card. If I go, it's usually a Wednesday or Thursday. I think the patrons that go there are mostly cool except the douche bag $30K millionaires that think they own the place.  Also, don't get a table there. They charge you $300 for a bottle but the waitresses take the bottle with them. I realize some people are too dumb to pour themselves a drink, but it ruins it for normal people like us; we have to wait for the waitress to come back which takes longer than you think.Overall, I wouldn't go to this place during the weekend. On a weekday, it's cool to go, listen to decent music, and chill with friends. I wouldn't say this is my favorite place to go out. If I had a top ten list, it'd be closer to 10.
5	been twice once a year ago friday night Packed I was shooting. its funny what girls do when you have a $35,000 camera on your shoulder no it wasn't for that show...it was for a reality pilot.... any way...decor-great really want to shoot there witch is a good sign...Bathrooms with the cool there see through then there not thingy....oh they do have bathroom atendents Im not a fan but I can't give em a -star for that there every where...good mix between Lounge and Club may be too small at times...DJ-the first time I was there I new the guy I took Electronic music with him at scc...and he got better since school...Appletini please. "that will be $5"....a I want one with alcohol in it...".yes that will be $5" what! I thought this was expensive Scottsdale? in LA just red bull NO vodka is $6! realy good drinks really cheap GOod.....I saw other reviews saying this place was too expensive?.....maybe I've been too burned from LA's/santa monicas $15 drinks Peps....ok heres where it could go south it all depends on what your looking for....yes theres ASU chicks dressed up going out with there parents Credit cards and the 30k millionaires... but if thats what ur looking for you found the right place...and it fits in a weird way yes there being "fake" but thats just like six is it looks like it should cost a fortune to drink and play here but it dosen't. Friday was "Fire Code" breaking packed, Sunday was pretty DeadBartender-not bad for what I expected. NIce, Fast, effeicant. no aditude...problem is I want to hate it but I can't yet so I'll have to investigate more...
1	Oh Good Lord Baby Jesus.  How I loath clubs like these ... nothing againts this place ... just the genre in general.I was there REALLY early but there were so few "ladies" and the guys for the most part looked like middle aged tools desperate for a date.Then again, perhaps a large part of it may have had something to do with the party in celebration of a calendar of Big Ten college girls in swimsuits (how novel!).This is EXACTLY why Scottsdale is ... well ... Scottsdale.
3	I really want to like Six more than I did, but I determined it wasn't for me when I realized I was ignorant of the Six restroom culture and customs.  Excuse moi. It had nothing to do with the Tempe 12 calendar babe celebration going on - which, with the titillating (no pun intended) video in the background, was pretty to look at, the pervy sausage fest who were early, or the textbook Old Town Scottsdale drones afraid to take group party photos for Stephy S..I'm always up for a place like Six when my lady friends want a night on the town. I love slick ultra-lounge spaces like this complete with my favorite Barcelona chairs and a fancy encased aquarium, but it didn't quite deliver for me.  We somehow lucked out with a VIP table because we were super early, I'm sure.WEAK:  * I had a few of the French/sweet potato fries the group ordered, and perhaps because I'm used to the fries at Delux, I thought they completely sucked donkey balls. * The restrooms are kind of rad.  There are a half dozen private loos with clear glass doors that become opaque when you lock the door.  Apparently those are all unisex until a certain time when they're reserved for women, even when there aren't any around.  At that point all the guys in the joint have to squeeze into one bathroom.  I was chased from going in to one of the bathroom (with no women around) by a bathroom attendant and schooled on the system.  Not cool. * Service was great until the billing situation was bungled and left people in our party confused on who was paying what, who was overcharged, etc.Even though it's not exactly my scene, I would come back on a weeknight (never a weekend).  It's not my cup of tea, but I can appreciate an upscale Scottsdale lounge when I see one....go with the right people and I'm sure you can have a good time, here or anywhere for that matter.And oh yes, congratulations on your calendar page Lauren.  You're famous.
1	What not to do while trying to get into a hip happenin (please note major sarcasm there) Scottsdale club after a few too many drinks and a sassy streak running on full steam by stephy s.Me: "Ohhhh shit, are we goin' to da cluuuuuhb? Awwwhhh yeeeahhh!!!"(Walks up to door guy who we'll call Aggroman to protect identities of big headed ego inflated jackasses)Me: "Hey, I like your emblem!"Aggroman: "What."Me: "Your emblem (reaching out to tap gold emblem on macho man's blazer whilst giggling like the smart ass drunk girl I am)"Aggroman: "ID."Me: "Jeez, was just saying I liked your broach, sheeesh."Aggroman: (visibly aggro and motioning me in) "Go."Me: (under my breath, which probably was rather loud) Dang, isn't this Scottsdale, what up with the attitude?!!? This ain't LA, shiiiiiiit (clearly I think I'm from the hood now with my gansta speak)Inside da cluuuuub what do we find? Well sadly, not nearly enough scantily clad sluts. I mean, I go to clubs for one reason and one reason only...sluts, hoochies, hood rat hood rat hoochie mamas and this place was strikin out big time. It did, however offer up a fun variety of cougars and possums, though! This gave me some hope as I was also told earlier in the evening that Scottsdale has, per capita, the highest number of Sugar Daddy's in the nation, so let's face it, I wanted to meet one of those too. Hey, why not, it was Wednesday after all and I was staying at the Valley HO!! :)After striking out in the Sugar Daddy and slut categories, I decided to entertain myself by taking camera phone pictures of random girls dancing, but apparently people are too cool to pose for fun pics like this. My theory is that Girls Gone Wild killed it for everyone! Thanks a lot Joe Francis!! Whatever. I got a shot of a half nekkid girl dancing anyway, so there. Moral of the story. Don't take me out to da cluuuuhhhb. The end. :)
3	Ok, I was reading the reviews of Six before I had to go there (emphasis on the words HAD TO) for an event this past Thursday.  So, I was prepared to expect, well, nothing really.  Six is not my kind of bar/lounge, but I didn't find it that bad!  Did I feel a little judged?  Of course.  But I guess i was still expecting a little more from this place.  If I wasn't with a bunch of people that I knew, I think I would have been a little bored.  And yes, the best thing about this bar is the bathrooms.  I had to say it.  I loved that when somebody was done, there was somebody there to sanitize it.  I was a little freaked out though, because what is those doors didn't work ...it was in my head for the few minutes I was in there.Maybe I went there on not a so bad night.  It wasn't packed (it was Valentines Day and all) and mostly everybody there was my age...(ahem....late 20's/early 30's)  I probably won't go there again, only if I had to.  But if I really had to go to the bathroom while in that area, I would go back in for sure.
4	The quintissential downtown scottsdale club. As snobby as it gets, but in an endearing way. I talked to Ice T and Coco at this club one time. For some reason I felt like I always was on the verge of punching somebody when I was in there. This place reminds me of the club in the beginning of American Psycho, reserved tables, the whole deal.
2	I have only been there once for like 20 minutes. First off the door man was really rude and just gave me the "what are you dumb" look because it was my first time there and I didn't really understand their door procedure. As if it's easy to figure out anywhere on which side of like 12 red ropes are the appropriate ones. The crowd seemed kind of dead to me when I was there. They were playing awesome music though. Nobody was dancing. Oh well, I guess you don't do that at Six. But what am I supposed to do? I can't sit down and I'm not one to just stand and stare really. I might have stayed a little while longer if my friends weren't so over it. Maybe next time? Not sure if there will be a next time.
2	Ew. Everyone and everything. Every single time I go here it reminds me to stay the F outta Scottsdale. I must stress that it's not 6's fault. Its just  that every single miserable person inside 6 kind of sucks. Everyone always looks so unhappy and hateful. Bitches are clocking you left and right. The bottle service chicks always act so bothered to pour you a drink. The dudes look kind of like chicks.Actually the doormen are always really nice here. I'm surprised at how professional and courtesous they are. The bartenders are pretty on point too.Oh.. and I always see at least one person I know - and HATE here. Which is kind of awesome. Maybe I like to hate too.Good thing I'm getting too old for this place. Play nice kiddies because mommy ain't coming back.
4	SIX is not the greatest club, actually its not really a club its more a lounge, i have given up on all the scottsdale clubs now that i'm a bit older, but if i do go to old town SIX and PCL and maybe Crown Room are the few places i would go. The crowd has changed alot since 4-5 years ago, but this is evident all over scottsdale. I would recommend sunday night or wendsday night, when they play old school hip hop music its also a great time.
1	Been going to 6 since it opened. Always gave it thumbs up because it was always classy and you meet some cool people in there. Especially during the week.BUT in the last year or so it has taken a nose dive. Yeah sure it packed, with the  population growth this area has seen in the last 5 years any club in the Stetson rd area will be packed.The lighting in there sucks, it's so hard to see who you are talking to. The DJ's typically play the same stuff all the other clubs do, so it basically the flavor of the month. I like clubs who have balls to play something totally different. If something changes soon they may hold their good rating but for now I got to go low.
2	Oh Scottsdale nightlife, how I love thee. Even though I treat you like a child with a divorce, coming to see you every twice a month on the weekends.It would be nice that the dim lighting was turned up one more notch. It's obnoxiously way too dark. Shuffling through the crowd with the bar in sight its like that scene in Entrapment with Catherine Zeta-Jones. Yes, you know the one. Nice!! Next, if you have anything to say save it or learn Navy Seal hand signs because it's almost next to impossible to have a conversation. So, discuss on where you're going to next before you go in.Its just the weekend that this place sucks my left ball... the right one gets so jealous. During the week, they do their best impression of a Biltmore Lounge.
5	I had so much fun here... the drinks were really good and the atmosphere was upscale.  I definitely think the music could be a little better though... they tend to play the same things over and over again.  But other than that it was great.
2	Listen, I COULD have danced here... The night I went I thought the DJ was actually spinning pretty well. We danced a little bit but I kept getting weird looks from the collar-popped meat heads next to us (who weren't dancing). Their looks were saying to me, "You mean you're dancing... without a female ass parked up in your crotch? What the hell are you doing?!"Douchyness abounds. CK1 is heavy in the air. Drinks are expensive and even though we had bottle service, our waitress was over at the other table flirting most of the time. Oh, and she didn't know how to make anything.
5	Best. Club. Ever.
2	I danced my ass off one night here!  Had a blast, but thank god I didn't have to pay for the drinks!  Somehow we got passed the cover at the door too.  The decor is really posh/random.  I don't remember much, but I know it didn't suck BUT I'm pretty sure that's because the people I was with were awesome... not the place.
2	Seriously peeps... a country boy like me.... I've experienced SOOOOOO-MUCH better than this posh glory hole.  Met the "decorator"... not impressed.  Chatted with a couple of the servants... not impressed.  Had a couple of libations....  Not impressed. This place is Pedestrian.
4	Yikes. They're closed :-(
1	Thank god it's closed. My boyfriend once caught a guy trying to reach into my purse while I was making my way through the crowd. Another guy then straight up asked him if he knew where he could get blow, as he was from out of town and just ran out. That was our first and last visit.
5	I miss 6 and can't wait for the new spot to open up.  I know that they are going to be rocking it hard.  I spent many a good nights in this perfect combination of Scottsdale sheek, great drinks, good times and good music.You are missed 6, but it is time for a new approach to an old Scottsdale gem.  The bar that truly changed the way that Old Town did bars!!
