3	If grandma's creative brain exploded on a Sunday afternoon, this is what it would look like.  They have paints, glues for any surface or material, brushes, picture frames all shapes and sizes, seasonal arts and crafts, beads and bedazzlers, candles galore, styrofoam in weird shapes and blocks, construction paper, wood shelving that you can stain or color any way you like, fake flowers, glass containers, etc.  Also, if you're into scrap-booking Michael's is probably a dream come true.
2	I have been to several Michaels on the east coast some small some large, this one is a pretty good size. You'll probably be able to find most of your arts and crafts supplies here. Now the harder part is finding someone to assist you if you have a question or need to get something off the wall.I had come there looking for an easel, and sure enough I found one, didn't take me but 2 minuets. However there was an "ask for assistance" sign, so I set about on search of an employee to help me. After 10 minuets on safari I saw them, standing there, in pack formation. I awaited for a moment of silence between them and struck with, "excuse me". Then I had proceeded to ask for assistance.The pack looked stirred and their alpha male was clearly unhappy, as he gazed towards me with discontent. Quickly one of the younger females attempted to neutralize the situation and agreed to assist me.After our trek back to the valley of the easels, the lady rummaged through some boxes that I could have reached and produced the model easel I was looking for. Disappointed that my previous quest was folly but glad to have obtained what I had set out for, I thanked her and proceeded to one of their counter merchants.
3	I spent many summers practically living at Michael's...and now I have plenty of scrapbooks to show for it! I love craft stuff! Michael's is a great place for most of your craft making needs. They have a good selection of scrapbooking supplies, silk floral supplies, and baking stuff...you'll stay very busy once you spend an afternoon in here. They do not have a fabric section and I've found that there are other craft stores with a larger selection (e.g., Hobby Lobby). However, this Michael's is in a great location and is a pretty good size.
3	I wanted a unique Valentine's Day present and I was able to pick up the ingredients here at Michael's. I've managed to put together a decent shadow box as a gift for a customer here as well.Everything you could possibly need for art supplies. Pens, pencils, paint, chalk, paper products. A field's worth of silk and plastic plants too. And more frames than the LAPD needs for OJ Simpson!Prices are plus and minus. There are bargains to be found if you look closely.
4	I am a fan of Michaels, definitely. Craft projects, picture frames, seasonal decorations, silk flowers, bakeware - you are covered, and even better off if you remember to bring your coupons !The first few trips here I was not the biggest fan. I was used to ones the size of big box stores, not one squeezed into a strip mall. But as I learned my way around the store and realized how they creatively displayed more product than you'd think they could fit inside their walls - I have come to appreciate this location. Lately I've been drawn more towards the framing department, and they have a really friendly staff back there!Just don't forget your coupons! (or load them on your smart phone)
3	Hard to find what you're looking for, even harder to find someone to ask.  Takes some searching but I always walk away with good stuff.  Overall I would go back for my crafting needs if I didn't have questions.
4	I love Michaels! It is hard not to come out with nothing, unless you are broke.- have a smartphone handy, and look for a viewable coupon on their website to avoid the hassle of printing coupons. Show it to the cashier and get your deal of the week!- scrapbook paper selections are awesome!- bakery supplies for decorating a cake- lovely variety of Christmas ornaments- and the list goes on- a tad bit messy and cramped in the store- the minus, wish they had a better selection of floral decor. Also, even with the coupon deal, the savings are not great at all. Better off with Pier 1 for better selection that even they do not have for skinny tall vases.
3	Thank goodness for Michaels!Where the "semi-creative" can actually pull something together and create a masterpiece. Haha! I was "tasked" (ugh) to pick up supplies for our pumpkin contest at work. We had a "theme" (kinda)...but no clue of how to make that happen. Thank goodness the staff was helpful! Walking into Michaels can be a bit overwhelming...ok, extremely overwhelming, especially with a not well thought out vision. However, I'm pleased to say I managed to leave with some good stuff and my co-workers were happy.  So then why just three stars??? Simply put this store is just way too cluttered. It's not necessarily the fault of the staff, they really have no control of people leaving stuff just anywhere but it can make it hard finding what you need when you have to dig through cards, glitter ornaments, plastic flowers and stickers. But if you are every tasks out for work projects, I definitely recommend stopping here to get the creative juices flowing.
3	"Help! I'm completely overwhelmed and you may have to come rescue me." Actual text message I sent to a friend after walking through the doors.Holy packed store Batman. The aisles are all kind of cramped together. If you are claustrophobic, you may have troubles shopping here. No way my mom could handle this place.I wandered around for a good hour... just in awe of everything. And I mean EVERYTHING. It's like Pinterest jumped out of the Internet and exploded inside a store. Every craft item imaginable.Since I'm not very good at shopping, I did bring a list with me. And I, of course, couldn't find items on it. A very nice worker recognized the look on my face... the look of a person lost and confused. She pointed me in the right direction. Shopping list completed.The store wasn't very busy, but I did have to wait to check out. Only one cashier working at the time. So, I survived my very first adventure (and craft stored overload panic attack) at Michael's. Watch out Martha Stewart... I'm coming for you.
1	I have given this Michaels a 1 star and I wish I could give no stars to show how unprofessional and non-polite the employees are.My friend and I went to Michael's to get ideas for our holiday dinner, where we were looking for orchards and center pieces to put on our table. First thing it was hard to find someone to assist us and once we found a woman to help us, she was very unpleasant and didn't want to help. She really didn't know where any of the center pieces were and just passed us on to another store employee.Secondly once we walked to the counter where the other employee was arranging flower arrangements, We both stood there for at least 2 minutes until he decided to acknowledge that we were standing there! Once he finally acknowledged that we were standing there he neither help us like the other employee did! All he said was "whatever we have would be over in that section" and all he did was point his finger in the direction in which he was talking about, never lifting up his head from his project that he was completing on his desk. In all I never found what I was looking for and wasted nothing but time.I will definitely never be returning to this Michaels and encourage you all to do the same!!
3	Michaels is every Pinteresters dream store. They have every crafty item needed. Block of floral foam. Got it. Giant glass martini glass. Check. Baking supplies to make that Rainbow Cake. Yup, that too. My dislikes... It is cluttered and disorganized. The staff doesn't really seem to know what's going on either. But there is ALWAYS a sale. Never pay full price at Michaels. There is always a 40-50% off coupon you can get in the Sunday paper or online.
1	The worst Michael's in Charlotte. Everything is mislabeled. The employees know nothing and the manager doesn't know anything either. And let me not forget to mention I was in line just now for 20 mins for 1 pack of paint that I did not purchase because the cashiers are the slowest humans on earth.
