4	Adler's is a nice place to go when you're looking for traditional fare, with a bit of a kick. I liked that you can find the old standbys on the menu, but they always make it their own. The service was friendly and prompt. We had a few questions about some of the entrees and our hostess took the time to answer them, without heavy sighs, or eye rolls(always refreshing).With our fish, we had a choice of home or french fries, steamed baby reds, or mashed sweet potato. I liked that it wasn't your traditional Wisconsin hash brown-french fry-baked potato trifecta. The french onion soup was good, but a bit salty. I've also heard that the ribs and vegetable puff pastry are delish!The owner, Randy is always there making sure every customer is satisfied!
3	Quick Review: stopped by for their fish fry this past Friday.  Service was good, fish was decent, price was meh.  Tip: sit in the bar; the dining room seems like an after thought and doesn't really "fit" with the rest of the place.Detailed review:Heads-up, Yelpers.  I've been maintaining two sets of fish fry reviews for quite a while now, and I'm getting tired of trying to write two unique reviews each week.  So, I'll post brief reviews here, but will post full, detailed reviews on my blog (I've had it since 2004): www.geekysteve.comThe 'ole fish finder took us to RP Adler's this week - a few coworkers had told us the fish fry was decent, so we decided to give it a shot.  It also helped that RP had New Glarus Naked on tap... oh, that beer is so glorious.We arrived just after 5pm and were offered our choice of seating: bar or dining room.  RP's bar is large, comfortable, done-up in dark wood, and filled with a nice selection of large screen TVs.  The dining room seems like an after-thought, with dark green booths, and carpet that sports a very "Denny's" or "Perkins" feel.  We opted for the bar.A server quickly introduced herself and took our drink orders.  She also told us about the fish fry options, which included cod or lake perch.  The cod could be had in a number of ways: deep fried, baked, blackened, or boiled.  Very interesting; and even better, you could "mix and match" the cod if you so wished.We pondered our fish options while she grabbed our drinks.  When she returned, we ordered the lake perch (served only as deep fried) with fries and a 3-piece cod plate (2 baked, 1 deep fried) with steamed red potatoes and a cup of French onion soup.She was back within a few minutes, bearing gifts that included a warm, soft pretzel roll and coleslaw.  The pretzel was fantastic (it's identical to the ones you can find at the Great Dane); I'm told the slaw was decent as well.The French onion soup arrived a few minutes later and it was quite delicious.  Slightly peppery, very velvety, and perfectly balanced flavors of beef and sweet onion.  The soup included bits of dark crouton bread chunks and a healthy slice of (somewhat greasy) cheese.  I really enjoyed the soup, even if it did show signs of oil/grease on the surface.We refilled our drink orders, and also sampled an Old Fashioned (Whiskey Sour).  Bonus points for muddling, but lost points for including an orange, and for being a bit watery tasting.  Fish arrived and we couldn't wait to dig in.  RP won't win any presentation points - my 3-piece cod plate included two ramekin-like dishes that contained the baked cod in one and the potatoes in another, with the deep-fried piece of cod stuffed between the two ramekins.Thankfully, the fish was better than the presentation.  The baked fish was moist, flavorful, and cooked perfectly.  The batter for the fried cod included Corn Flakes, which made it a bit heavier than I would prefer, but it was still good.  No signs of grease anywhere - always a good sign.The lake perch featured the same Corn Flake batter, which is a shame, because we prefer lake perch with a lighter breading.  The lake perch was also quite large and didn't have the texture that we'd normally prefer to see.Fries and red potatoes were decent, but nothing special.RP Adler's = WIN (barely)Service = 4 starsFood = 3.25 stars (probably closer to 3)Value = 2.5 stars ($60 for two with drinks)MISC = 3.5 stars (good bar area, decent tap selection)Summary: Not a bad fish fry; decent beer selection, good service, enjoyable atmosphere.  I'd like to sample some of their other food.
4	Good service and better than average bar food.  Good place to bring a kid.
3	So my lovely wife and I were staying at the  Hampton Inn up the hill where we had stopped for the night just passing through Madison. We were tired and hungry so the lady at the front desk recommended RP Adlers because we could get a free drink there if we showed our room keys...that's all she needed to say.We showed up and ordered a couple beers, a decent list of drafts and bottles, nothing too exciting and planned on what were going to have for the evening. We decided to just have a couple apps or whatever and just pick at a few thing. We started with the beer battered chicken fingers which came recommended. They were tasty but didn't leave me yearning for more. Next we opted for a salad trying to make ourselves feel healthy or something which was the same, no jumping for joy here. Lastly we wanted something to bring it home so we opted for the smoked pork mac n cheese. What a great combo this has to be good right? When it came out I was already disappointed due to the fact the macaroni was swimming in this cheese sauce. Don't get me wrong the sauce was good but I want to be able to eat my mac n cheese with a fork not a fishing line. Lucky for us the waitress brought over some extra bread to soak up the goodness. It was a relaxing place to enjoy a few beers, some sports, and some decent bar food
3	Great grouper sandwich.  A small restaurant.  Avoid the nachos.  Staff is friendly and took care of my nacho issue.  Reasonable prices.  Given that it is close to several hotels catering to business people, it was busy on a weeknight.
2	Stopped in here on the recommendation of my sister.  We were pretty happy with our meals.  I had fish and it was wonderfully done.  The price was a little bit more than I expected but reasonable because of how well done our food was.There is a lesson to be learned here for anyone that cares.  People are willing to pay a little bit more for a meal that is done right.  We think there are a lot of restaurants out there that need to hire a good chef.Great job at Adlers.  We plan to go back and see how some of their other entrees are.Ordered take out on a friday night.  Ordered the fish fry based upon another review.   Ok fish done well enough but nothing spectacular and rather skimpy in portion.  They say half pound but well, I would have liked twice as much.   The price was about double what it was worth.   We were really quite disappointed.I lower by two stars for this lousy meal.
1	We went there once and would never go back. There are too many good restaurants in Madison to waste your time here. My wife got the salmon and it was disgusting, I'm fairly certain it was frozen and simply reheated.
4	Food - very goodValue - fairService - can be hit or miss but generally good Recommended: Thurs/Fri fish fry, Sat prime rib, and you *must* get an Old Fashioned Definitely more fun to sit in bar/lounge if you like a lively crowd! The dining room almost seems like you're in a totally different restaurant.
4	Yummy food. I really like the salmon sandwich and bistro Bistro Filet Medallions.
4	Returned for the fish fry on 3/2/12, and wow - Adler's has done wonders with their fish since the last visit.  For full details, see the recent review on my site (check profile for info).Tip: Visit here for the fish fry and order the bluegill.  WOW.  Adler's landed in the top-10 after this visit.
1	I've never written a restaurant review before, but this was so disappointing I had to.  Burgers were premade grocery store burgers, the pizza tasted like frozen pizza and my mother in law couldn't eat more than a few bites, and "chicken" On the pizza and southwest chicken salad was unidentifiable - we still aren't sure if it was dark meat chicken or pork or some other mystery meat.  The service was awful too, they forgot to bring drinks, never asked how we were doing, and we're rushed with our food before we had time to finish the appetizer and rushed to take our plates away.  The price wasn't cheap either.  Never again!  Even if you are a bad cook you would be better off making dinner at home in your microwave.
3	Good food but a bit pricey. Need to keep the bar open later.
3	I've been here a couple of times for lunch with my family.  Thought I'd give it another try.  The food is pretty typical of the trendy pub/bar fare you find around in Madison.  Our food was pretty tasty but, portion sizes seemed skimpy for the price.  I had the pork loin special and the meat didn't even go out to the edges of the sandwich bread - which was just regular loaf style bread.  My wife had a salad with added chicken.  The size was on the small to medium side but, the cost for a simple Cesar Salad plus $3 for some chicken...wasn't quite there.  Sorry.  My son's burger was actually quite large and generous, in comparison.Service has been fine when I've been here but, it has always been SO EMPTY!  This time we went right at the peak of lunch, expecting a crowd on the weekend - the location seems very good, next to major shopping areas.  We were the ONLY people in the bar side, and there were only a couple tables with guests on the dining side.I can't say it was for bad food quality or service.  Both were good for us.  Had the portions been a little more generous, I'd have given them 4 stars.
1	I'm going to keep this short and honest: RP Adler's is overpriced, cheaply decorated, poorly staffed, and populated by a fairly douchey crowd. The food is poor and drinks are mediocre. Bartenders are surly men aged 40+ with no employment options at a legit establishment and the waitstaff 30 and under hired for "looks" and nothing else. Ladies -- you're not that cute, trust me.Cocktails are adequate at best. The food is poor -- just order one of their $9 burgers made from a pre-frozen patty you could buy at Copps for a quarter. On the whole, the place is a joke.There are many other bars in west Madison. Even going to Chili's should provide you with  a better experience. Stay away.
4	Some of the reviews on this site are obviously done by those who have an axe to grind.  We have been "regulars" at Adler's since it opened.  The food is always well prepared, well presented and one the rare occasion that something wasn't to my liking, I was given the opportunity to order something different.  (rare in other restaurants).  The waitstaff are not "under 30's" as another post implied.  They are mostly long-term, loyal employees of Adlers (including some male servers).  On a recent visit (last week) I had Adlers "Roast Chicken salad" and it was excellent.  In fact, it was more than i could eat.  The drinks are always well made and portion sizes are generous.  This is a great restaurant, with an owner that takes great pride in the establishment.  We will continue to go there and look forward to continuing to introduce it to our friends as a great, reasonably prices and family-friendly restaurant
4	One of my favorite non-chain places. Good food, quiet, plenty of space, friendly.
4	In town for the night and their menu was in my hotel. I ordered the blackened walleye, wild rice and corn chowder as a side. I travel quite a bit and this was by far the best "takeout" I have had. Can't say anything about the restaurant itself but as a take-out place I will order from there next time I am in town.
3	Madison is a city full of restaurants of this type.  You know, the brushed nickel, beer garden, a dozen or so beers on tap, burgers-and-wraps kind of place.But this place isn't bad.  For a quiet lunch on a Thursday there was a decent crowd, but we still got good service and a quick delivery of our meal.  So the burgers and wraps are good.  So is the beer selection.  I guess I could summarize this place as the type you wouldn't necessary think of going to, but wouldn't object when someone wants to come here.
3	Great service!  Very comfortable atmosphere.  Food was fine.  Nothing over the top outstanding but good and it was priced appropriately.
4	So this little place is a great place to stop and get some after-work drinks! Reasonably priced and food is pretty good too. It's in a nice little place near Brenan's however it is a little generic but not too shabby. I LOVE the fact they have outdoor seating, it is nice to see it because I feel like more and more places are getting rid of outdoor seating which should be the opposite. Again pretty generic but not too shabby for a quick bite to eat and drink.
4	I have visited Alder's several times and it's deserving of praise.I am going to brag on their chicken tenders.  I have visited several times with a chicken tender expert (or that is their favorite restaurant food and it is an adult) and they have raved about the quality and taste.  I tend to agree, but I could not make a recommendation on tenders alone.  Last visit I ordered the steak tip appetizer; it was delicious!  The steak was cooked precisely as requested.  The sauce for the tips was very flavorful.  The deep fried mushrooms were not too greasy and when dipped in the steak tips sauce was outstanding.I will now venture into other dishes as they are a solid two for two in my book.Dining wise, their dining room can be loud due to the high ceiling.  The bar is a nice atmosphere.  Beer selection was very adequate.  Service was quick.  Food was served hot.Definitely a recommend to stop by.
5	Sweet temptations (see my review of it.), this is good! Blue gill is awesome. I tried this first a while back in 2011, I think. It lives up to its upscale-casual reputation. Rosemary chicken was good. Come if you get the chance.
4	This nice little place had very good food in a quiet atmosphere. You can either sit in a bar area or a dining area. We chose to sit in the dining area which was very quiet most likely because we beat the dinner rush. The food was excellent and we even had dessert. The prices were reasonable.
4	I've been here a few times. Once for late night drinks in the bar, once for Friday fish fry with family, and once for happy hour appetizers and drink in the bar. All 3 visits were pleasant and met expectations. Both bar and dining area was clean and comfortable. Pricing was average. Food was tasty.  Service was good.
3	i tried the Prime Rib sandwich.  It was tasty but seemed to be lacking a bit of seasoning and the bread was a rather thick so it consumed the juices of the prime rib.  I did enjoy their fries (I'm not normally a fry person) and their soup of the day was good.  I would come back and try another one of their dishes.
4	Adler's was one of my favorite places on this side of town when I lived in Madison, and it's a place that I wouldn't mind going back to the next time I visit.  It's true that it's in the fairly-common-in-Madison category of upscale bar food, but with its relaxed atmosphere and generally good quality, it's an enjoyable place to catch up with friends, and good for conversation since it usually doesn't get too loud.The chicken tenders in particular deserve calling out, as they're what kept me coming back again and again.  Before discovering Adler's, I was in a chicken tender drought, as the place I used to go for them, where they were good enough that one of my vegetarian friends made an exception for them, had discontinued theirs.  Adler's, however, are fantastic, and a worthy replacement.  They deserve the "tender" in their name.  Sometimes they're just a bit too hot when the arrive, but if you can wait long enough that they wont burn your tongue, you'll be rewarded.  I'm hungry now just writing about them.Otherwise, the food falls into the category of pretty good.  Their burgers?  Pretty good.  Not really better than the Great Dane's, but not really worse, either.  If I'm in the area of Adler's and don't feel like driving in to Fitchburg, I'm not going to feel like I'm missing anything by getting them here.  This goes for most of their other dishes, as well.  The only disappointment I've had was the BBQ Pork Mac and Cheese.  This was something like $17, and for the price, there was way too little pork, and barbecue for that matter.  I appreciate that Madison's in the middle of dairy country and the focus is probably going to be on the cheese, but there's still at least one legitimately good barbecue place in Madison (Smoky Jon's), and there needs to be more than a smidgen of pork to call it BBQ Pork Mac and Cheese.But all in all, I'd definitely recommend checking it out.  It's probably not going to be your favorite restaurant ever, but if you live in the area, it's a pretty nice place to go to every once in awhile.
4	Still a very solid place, some 2+ years after my last update. We stop here for happy hours and lunches (with coworkers) and always have a good experience.+ Patio is nice and comfy - all tables have umbrellas/shade+ Respectable tap list+ Decent selection of bottles+ Great happy hour specials+ Nachos are outstanding+ Service is always friendly and very efficient+ Not haute cuisine, but it's solid chow
4	My boyfriend and I were staying across the street at Homewood.  We decided to give Adlers a try and really enjoyed it.  He had the Mac & Cheese with Pork and I had the Chicken pasta.  We both really enjoyed our meals and the wait staff was extremely friendly.  Thank you Adlers for a great dinner!
1	Service was great. Food was awful. Shrimp and mushroom pasta had the strangest flavor I've ever tasted - literally inedible. Caesar side salad was good size, but lettuce was soggy and shredded Parmesan cheese was as hard as sticks. Truly the worst meal I've had, maybe ever
4	Well,I have a nice surprise to share. I walked in to grab a quick burger since it was late and it was across from my hotel etc. anyway, rather than turn this into another exercise in creative writing...I'll just get to it. I was told by the bartender that the cod sandwich was excellent. I noticed they didn't have "fish and chips" on their menu however and I did remember how I thought their fried walleye diner was just "ok". I love walleye but way they did it was just ok.  Over fried, thick batter etc. Anyway... I asked if in could get the cod sandwich as a "fish and chip" dinner and They obliged. WOW!  Jack pot!!  This was some of the best fish and chips I've had on the road in the Midwest in quite some time. Three nice sized pieces, thin but nicely seasoned batter with a subtle crunch. Mind you, a 10Minute walk with the fish in a sealed container will leave some moisture in the batter and it will soften the crunch a bit - that's on me. Anyway - their fried cod is spot on - seriously. I may go back tonight and get it again. Living now in NM so good fish a chips are a rare find. Brian if you read this... Add it to your list the next time your in Madison!!!  I'll edit this review to five stars once they add "Fish and Chips" to their menu. Ok... So much for keeping this short
4	Absolutely fantastic food. I had the shrimp with mushroom pasta, and the portion size and taste was amazing. We shared cheese curds for an appetizer, and they make the top three I've had in madison. The waitress was very friendly and attentive, but the food was a little bit slow to be served.
4	A nice independent restaurant very worthy of customer support. The fish, particularly the Walleye, and steak dishes are all good and if the duck special with Door County cherries is available I highly recommend it.  Top notch! The Very Berry Grilled Chicken Salad was also delicious.
