1	First impressions are really important. I try not to make a judgement too quickly, but in this case...My appointment time was 10am.  They said to check in at 9:30am since I'm a new patient.  I arrived and checked in at 9:30am.  There were 2 other people in the waiting room.  At 10:30am, I'm called back for vitals and put in an exam room.  Said exam room was in desperate need of vacuuming.  What appeared to be cracker crumbs were all over the floor.  There was a good layer of dust on the desk and the white walls were really dingy.  at 10:45am, someone comes in and introduces himself as a medical student who is helping the dr.  Med student takes my history and looks at my chart, then basically tells me that there is no problem and I'll just need to come back to keep an eye on what brought me there in the first place.  Mind you, this is a specialist and I've already been referred to them from a primary care because we've been watching and now things are concerning.  So med student leaves and says dr will be in shortly. 11:15am dr comes in.  does the history and chart business.  orders tests and affirms that things are concerning.  Sends me on my way.So i check out, and i ask the front desk girl if the imaging center that the dr has written a referral to is on my insurance.  She is seriously bothered by my question.  I explained that I don't want to leave there with the referral, call to set things up only to find that they aren't covered, then have to go back to this office for a new referral.  Then I set up my follow up appoinment.  I honestly ask if being an hour late is normal for them, and if so, I'd like an earlier appointment time so that I don't interfere with my other scheduled things.  Front desk girl again is bothered and says "fine, how's 9am?"I don't think it's too much to ask to have an appointment be on time, especially when they insist you show up early.  I also think a dr's office should be clean.  And I also think that a dr's office should employ people that have good people skills.  I'll be finding a new specialist very soon.
1	Got in my first nap in just waiting to get called in to see the Dr. I have never felt compelled to write any negative review until now! This is my 3rd and final time coming here. Like the person reviewing before me waiting to see this dr. Is an insult. I am always on time and feel that my time is as important as this Dr. I no longer see the students. Last time the dr had been in a meeting and I waited for close to an hour just to see her! So far I have waited for 15 minutes. Appointment was at noon and it's only 12:40. Hoping to be out of here by1:00. Off for another nap!
1	Called to speak with billing about a June bill I received, for $30 copay, from a february appointment.Among other things, was told in a very irritated tone, by the billing person, that I "should have known" I owed the co-pay at time of service. I didn't know since I was coming in for test results only and had already paid the co-pay for the initial appointment. I ended up seeing the doctor for 5 minutes. Didn't occur to me that a co-pay was necessary and no one at the front desk asked for payment.Regardless, billing didn't seem eager to help or answer my questions. I hope they don't behave this way with their elderly patient base.
1	I went here twice and I will never go back. Both times I was waiting in the lobby for an hour over my original appointment time. But that isn't what really upset me, because I understand that sometimes you are running behind. When I had my first appointment the doctor never even asked me about any medical history, which was a first for me. I was in and out in a few minutes with barely any conversation. I was told to go get an ultrasound and come back. I came back for my second appointment and a Nurse Practitioner saw me first. She mentioned that some abnormal things came up on the ultrasound and the doctor would discuss it with me. The doctor came in and never even brought the ultrasound up. I decided that I would rather give my money to a doctor that is actually concerned for their patients and wants to have good communication with them. Communication with your doctor is extremely important.
