4	After watching this space for a year, I had given up on it opening. It was worth the wait.The space has been extensively renovated from the Antojito's El Toril days. And the food is excellent.  I had the Cuban sandwich, the spouse had the veggie. Both came with a cilantro sauce on the side. Both were delicious with a lot of different flavors going on. Our daughter had a steak and tomato dish that she really liked. The waitperson (very knowledgeable) explained that chicken nuggets were coming soon. I said, "The kid doesn't do chicken nuggets. She wants real food." So if you are looking for chicken nuggets for the kids, you may have to wait a bit. We split a custardy dessert that was fabulous to end the meal. I would have given five stars, but the menus at Surco did not have prices on them. To be fair, they are still waiting for those to be printed. We were handed color printouts of a menu and just figured we would be paying lunch prices, since we were there around noon on a Saturday. But when we got the bill, it was clear we were paying for dinner. This is what they plan on doing for Saturday business--a dinner menu all day. I'm not sure I agree with that, but that's where it is right now. Weekdays there will be a lunch menu, and I assume, a corresponding spike in affordability. The east side finally has a Peruvian restaurant. My only caveat is they are waiting on the real menu cards to be printed. Overall, I predict it will become a destination, even if the outside is still a little gritty. It's east side, after all.
4	The sign had been there for awhile, the owner told me weekly at the food cart they would be opening any day, but for a year we waited.  And totally worth it, got back from vacation and voila, Surco was open on Cottage Grove Rd, super close to the east side Y and Monona Drive, so easy access.  Y-U-M!!  The menu is totally different from the cart, and so are the prices, BUT don't freak out, the prices while higher are totally fair for what you get, both in quantity or quality.  Well, unless you're one of those Wisconsin-slim folks who require two plates of food or bottomless fries with a meal to fill you up.  We shared a quinoa salad with two kinds of Lima beans, veggies and a wonderful and not overly sweet mango sauce, and the Cuban sandwich with plantains and a really great cilantro sauce.  We ordered takeout, but most people were eating in.  Nice crowd for a Saturday lunchtime, hope this means they're doing well.  Get in your car, go eat there, they rock, and I love it when our loyal food cart owners open brick and mortar, so support them!
5	I live in the neighborhood so am thrilled to have this restaurant finally open.  I was amazed at the quality of the food, friendliness of staff and nice atmosphere.    I too wish I could remember all the dishes we had.  We had several appetizers that were beautiful and delicious.  The Cerviche Classico was superb and fresh.   I will go there frequently and hope others search this place out.  It would be worth the drive as I agree the location isn't the best for most.   Make the trip you won't regret it.  I also feel the food was worth the price and you can bring in your own wine for only a three dollar corking fee.  We did that and had  more than enough food for four people and left with a bill under sixty dollars for four people.   No complaints!
3	A bit overwhelming on my stomach. Yes, it's pretty good, but the amount of salt, rich flavoring (butter, cheese, spice), and amount of things fried were too heavy-duty for my simple veganized  digestive systems.The service was a tad bit slow in my opinion. Although, out waitress was very friendly. My bf ordered a rice dish (Arroz con pescados) in which tiny sharp clam shells were scattered - not exactly what you want to bring into your mouth. At the end of out dinner, We politely suggested that they remove those shell pieces from the future plates.I guess I had higher expectations based on other reviews. I appreciated the fresh ingredients, but kind of 'meh' overall.
4	We've been meaning to check out Surco for several months, but finally made it this evening. My only regret is that it took us so long! Catch up with Surco soon, while you can still get seating easily. They are supposed to get a liquor license by the end of October - once they have a wine list, I predict it will be tough to get in here without reservations. This is a charming little place, with superb food, nice atmosphere and good (but not great) service. Peruvian food seems calculated to encourage excess; all those varied influences seem to tempt an undisciplined chef to go all hot and spicy, or salt/soy sauce crazy, but the dishes we had were balanced, complex, and full of flavor. Especially, nothing was slathered or drowned - the saucing was perfect.  The entry is still the same weird layout from the previous restaurant, but the dining room itself is warm, clean and elegant. The only thing missing is some window treatment - the view of the parking lot is just not all that fine. Get seated away from the window, and the space is pleasant and inviting. My wife is not a dairy person, but the compound butters served with our bread course hit the spot for her! The small rolls might have had a little more crust, a little more tooth, but they were warm and tasty. One of THE signature dishes of Peru are anticuchos, beef hearts roasted on a skewer. We ordered them as an appetizer. The small cuts were perfect, firm but not chewy, and lightly coated with a fantastic sauce that includes, among other things, something called "black mint." Peruvian corn and a meaty slice of potato filled out a great introduction. The cilantro sauce, served in a chinese ceramic spoon, was almost a gilding for the lily. For dinner, we ordered the ceviche mixto and the lomo saltado. The ceviche, with fish, shrimp, squid and octopus, was served in a marinade with a strong but excellent balance of lime, salt, and heat. With peruvian corn and red onions, every bite was a different taste adventure. My wife thought the shrimp didn't work - I, on the other hand, was convinced that the marinade was just too rich for ordinary fish (whitefish? cod?) but perfect with shrimp. So she ate the fish, I ate the shrimp, and we shared the calamari and octopus. Happiness all the way around. Ceviche is great with a bland cracker, but there were no crackers to be had in the kitchen. Our waitress hustled up a couple more of those excellent rolls, warmed in the oven. The lomo saltado, called "al pisco", is grilled beef tenderloin, with sweet peppers and mild onions, all coated with an unctuous soy-sauce based glaze. (Again, sauced just perfectly.) This dish came with thick-cut french fries AND white rice. We would have asked for some sauce on the side, to mix with the rice, but after being a pain about the ceviche, I didn't want to be too pushy. But that rice could have used something, with all the competition on that plate; maybe a little saffron would be enough to bring it all into balance.The one thing missing here is service on a caliber with the food. Our server was certainly friendly and efficient. But at fine-dining prices, I would have liked a bit more personality and polish. The clattering silver and casual attitude are close, but not quite up to par with the rest of the space.
4	I dined with my husband on a Friday night.  The space is cozy, but we were seated right away.  The atmosphere reminds me of sitting in a good friend's dining room, with subdued lighting, tasteful music, and a very enticing aroma wafting gently from the kitchen.The best dish we ate was one of the seafood specialties -I can't remember the name.  It was shrimp, squid, clam, mussel, and octopus in a heap of saffron rice.  The flavor was well-balanced, and so good I did not want to disrupt the experience to take a bite if my husband's meal.  He polished off my dish when I got full.  Dessert was interesting - a soft caramel in a cocktail glass.  I think I tasted cinnamon.  This was topped with a sticky fluff of whipped sugar that was slightly browned .  The topping tasted just like a toasted marshmallow!
5	Peruvian cuisine? What's that? Is it like Mexican? No! Is it like that Argentinian beef stuff? No!  It's sauces you've never tasted, a blend of Japanese presentation with spicy new world flavors. Maybe you've heard of empanadas and ceviche but ground walnuts and peppers and spices blended into a creamy (no dairy) sauce (aji) on shredded Chicken? It will blow your mind. Different kinds of marinated potatoes with blends of sauces and vegetables that are gorgeous to look at and delicious to eat.Years ago, one of the best restaurants in Portland, OR  (Andina) opened our eyes to Peruvian cuisine. Surco just raised the bar in Madison. This is a step up from the well-liked Inka Heritage on Park St. We had a trio of potato treats and ceviche mixta as appetizers, followed by  Aji Chicken, a chicken fettuccine with saffron sauce dish and the Lamb special. Wow, wow, wow!They don't have their liquor license yet (by the end of the month, they promise) and that will put them over the top. A malbec with the lamb would have been transcendental.Seriously! One of the most delicious and flavorful dinners I've had in Madison. We'll be back when they get their wines in. I have a feeling this is going to be on the regular rotation.
5	We found Surco to be a great experience for our first time dining Peruvian. Our entrees were very satisfying. I had Pollo Saltado and my husband had something similar, but with beef tenderloin. The chefs work will not go unrecognized for us. The soup before the meal was fantastic too. The atmosphere was clean and calm, and the waiter was very knowledged about Peruvian decent. His recommendations about the menu were very helpful. We can't wait to come back again. Do not pass this place up!
5	YUH-UH-UM!Awesome Peruvian food tonight at an assuming east side locale. Don't drive by it though, there's delicious inside. Our server was spot on making awesome recommendations from start to finish, including an intriguing take on tiramisu made from lucuma fruit... a sweet complex fruit that's somewhere between pumpkin and sweet potato with a tinge of maple and cinnamon. GET THIS!
4	Surco Peruvian is the best Peruvian restaurant in Madison. Albeit, I've only tried one other Peruvian restaurant in town. The restaurant has a cozy atmosphere and amazing food. Boyfriend and I ordered the causitas as an appetizer and they were the best thing we ate all meal. I would go back just for the causitas. They were rich enough, and each little causa had its own complex flavor profile. For entrees, we ordered a ceviche classico and a pescado a lo macho. The ceviche was good but a little lacking in acid... fish tasted great though. The pescado a lo macho was tasty, but the mussels were overcooked to the point where I couldn't even get any of the meat on my fork; kind of a disappointment since mussels are one of my favorite seafoods. Overall, we'd definitely come back because the food is worth more than what you pay. CAUSITAS = AWESOME! And the waiter was very polite and informative as well. Considering Surco has only been around for a couple of months, I was very impressed.
5	So... Wine and beer is now available. It's limited to a few Argentinian varietals but the Malbec we had was excellent and paired beautifully with the lamb and the Lomo Saltado.This place rocks! Don't hesitate, just go!
2	Delicious food with incredibly slow service. The other reviews were so good, I hope we were just there on an off night. It was a Saturday, for what it's worth.So, yes, the food was pretty darn good. I might even give it five stars if I had received what I actually wanted to eat (more on that later). Deliciously smoky beef, tender chicken, al dente pasta in saffron sauce, perfectly cooked buttery rice, lightly crispy french fries. (French fries? Yeah, I wasn't expecting that either, but it works.) However. The service was about as bad as it gets without being actually rude. Five minutes to be even acknowledged, 10 to get water, another 10 to order, 30 waiting for food.... But slow was not even the worst of it.After that 30 minute wait, my husband's meal arrived, but there was no word on mine. A few minutes later, my food could be seen sitting on the counter ignored by the waiter - as it turns out, because it was beef instead of the chicken I had ordered. When he figured that out, he brought the dish saying he could serve me this one or have the kitchen make what I had ordered. Picturing another 1/2 hour wait, I took the beef. It was, of course, luke warm. And rare. Which, sure, lots of people eat, but not my thing. For the mix-up, we got a sincere apology and a free dessert. However, at no time did the waiter ever acknowledge or apologize for the extremely slow service throughout, leading me to conclude that it is the norm at Surco. All in all, it was about two hours....and not because we lingered.What can I say? Go for the great food, but make sure you have plenty of time on your hands.
3	This is a tough one. I live in the neighborhood and I love Peruvian food and this food was as good as I've had. I had the chicken sandwich with tacu tacu and it was awesome. The chicken was perfect: super moist and perfectly seasoned. The whole sandwich was sort of a piece of art. It's clear that whoever is in the kitchen takes pride in their work and has the chops of a chef and not a line cook. The interior was also very comfortable and a huge upgrade from the previous business.All that being said, I was in complete disbelief at the pricing. I won't say that the food wasn't worth it, but in this neighborhood, at that location, in this town, I don't see this working. My chicken sandwich was just about the least expensive item on the menu at $13. Most of the entrees were $16-25 and I think dessert (also amazing) was $8 or $9. I had my two sons along and they actually had two items available in a children's section. They both got the salchipapas (hot dog and fries) for $8. To be fair, they did serve a really nice squash soup to each of us included with our entrees.I'm not sure who's behind the business side of the restaurant, but I have a feeling they have some restaurant experience in a big city. They seem a little out of touch with the Madison scene. Most places with really good food have sandwiches available in the $8-10 range with entrees in the $9-13 range. You really need to venture downtown to start pushing these kind of prices and you need to have a location that isn't a rundown, nondescript, white house.I don't think there's any way this model is going to work at this location. Besides one couple at the end of our stay, we were the only diners between 5:45-6:45 on a Friday night. I do think a restaurant (and even a Peruvian restaurant) could be successful here, but it's going to need to be able to serve it's surrounding neighborhoods. The people around here just aren't gonna opt for these prices, regardless of the food quality. Bring your prices down to match what's available on Atwood and think about the lunch crowd too. Reasonably priced sandwiches to go would have a strong market at that location. I really want to support you guys and this should be a regular joint for my family of four, but at these prices, it ain't happenin'.
5	5 stars for food. The food is excellent and the menu is diverse. We had causitas, which were interesting and delicious but defy explanation. Try them!! We also had pollo saltado and the chicken sandwich, which both used high quality ingredients and were presented beautifully. Seriously, the presentation at this place rivals the most upscale restaurant in any city. Obviously, there is a true chef in the kitchen who takes real pride in the food being served. It is amazing. 3.5 stars for service, which is friendly but slow. 2 stars for location, which is out of the way and not the most attractive area.  The view across the street is certainly not what I expect from a restaurant serving food this fine.This place is worth the trip for the food, which it truly exceptional.  Though not served in the most pleasing of surroundings, the food manages to outshine many of the finer dining options in all of Madison.
5	I created a Yelp account just so I could leave a review on Surco. I LOVE this place. At first, I was a little taken aback by some of the prices, but once I received my meal I found the portions to be generous and well worth the money (plus I generally share a meal with a friend). I have tried only a handful of the menu items because it's hard for me to veer away from the ceviche classico, but I have loved everything my friends have ordered. The ceviche classico is 17 dollars for dinner, but there is so much fish that I have to share it with someone to finish it. The fish is tender, perfect with the citrusy leche de tigre and crunchy Andean corn nuts.... I find myself craving this. I also enjoy the Jalea which is fried seafood. This is tender, and not overly fried with soft tasty batter.  Delicious. My brother ordered Seco de Cordero, he said the meat was also tender and perfect. The carrot soup is awesome. I like the quinoa salad, too. Although the causitas are unusual for my palate, I still enjoyed the flavors of the sauces.I do agree with Grant F. below that the location does not match the quality of the food. Also, it would be hard to bring children and have a meal be more affordable, but for friends and couples it's on the high end of acceptable. I saw a comment about how the service was slow, but I think it's because they are new and trying to manage when there is such spotty attendance for meals. I've had two really great waitresses. I'm surprised that this place isn't flooded with people. Anyway, GO HERE! I want it to stay open so I can keep eating here!
5	Absolutely incredible. We had a four person party, and every single dish was done perfectly and with presentation and pricing that was appropriate for the demographic. The Peruvian beer they have (Cusquena) paired well with all the dishes as well. If you're looking for a new place to try, give this place a shot. Let's hope this place survives in East Madison!
5	Please don't let the location fool you, this place rocks.We were here on a Saturday night and I felt terrible for the server. Apparently a cook quit and he was making every third meal!!! (He said this after we asked... he was not in any way trying to make excuses for himself.)The wine list is small, but each of our wines were amazing. (I went with Novellum Chardonnay and he went with the Portillo Pinot. I'm not usually a white wine drinker but I had three glasses.)We started with the causitas. We were hesitant, but went with them. For starters they are BEAUTIFUL. Three separate egg looking shapes of citirus infused mashed potatoes topped with different toppings and sauces. A bit difficult to share but we sliced them in half and tried them together. Save the one topped with avocado, roasted Peruvian piquillo peppers and olive sauce... it's the best one. :)I ordered the ceviche mixto and cannot wait to get it again. I paired it with the aji amarillo per the servers suggestion and I owe him a huge thank you. The fish was perfectly "cooked". The aji ammarillo sauce was a bit too acidic for my counterpart which meant more for me... score. It's served with boiled and steamed perunivan corn which is on the sweeter side as well as some crunchy Andean corn nuts to give the dish some crunch. And finally, a couple of small wedges of sweet potato to really take some of the acid out. All together, you a light, flavorful dish. I WILL BE BACK.My significant other went with with the Tallarin Saltado... which was decent. I'd recommend it for the less adventurous. (AKA those who are leery of fish cooked in citric acid.)I really hope they staff this place better next time... and that they stick around! I don't know if I'll be ok without that ceviche again.
4	I am pleasantly surprised! After travelling to Peru a few years ago, I realize that Peruvian food is definitely an under-appreciated cuisine in America's food world. Therefore, since Surco's first appearance as a food cart in the library mall, I have been a fan. Yet, it took me a long time to decide to give its restaurant location a try. The location is really out of the way for us, plus many reviews mentioned its not-so-cheap prices. Our visit came in a rainy Saturday evening. The location could really easy fool you, but the inside decor is really elegant. Our waiter was very polite and professional. He explained the menu very patiently and clearly. Surco is a fine dining Peruvian restaurant and the price is indeed a bit steep. We two people share a Arroz con Mariscos and a Causa salad. The service was slow, especially there were only three tables of people in the restaurant. We waited 20+ minutes. Our server explained that it was because one of our dishes did not pas quality check and had to be re-done. Apparently the quality check kept good quality! Both plates lived beyond our expectation. The  Arroz con Mariscos came with good size. Seafood is fresh. More importantly, they are very delicate. I can taste the subtle intricacies the chef carefully put onto our dishes. Because of the location, I do not expect that i will come back here soon, but I highly recommend Surco to people who want to savor fine Peruvian food in Madison.
4	Excellent food...made while you are here. Yucca root fries were fabulous. A little pricey but worth. Nice east side gem that is off the beaten path.
2	Okay, before complaining, let me start by saying that the food here is still fabulous.However, there have to be some serious issues going on with management. Every time I come to Surco, there is a different waitstaff. And the last time I went (about a month ago), the service was terrible. The food took way way way too long and there were only three tables full in the restaurant. The server was super awkward (I felt bad for the fella). It may have been his first night waiting tables ever. Our entire party of 4 was very hungry and we had to wait about 45 minutes for any food to come out. Even stranger, we ordered 2 plates of ceviche, and they came out last. You'd think that if you were making your customers wait ~45 minutes for an appetizer, you might just wanna serve them their ceviche first. It's cured fish. It's been curing for like... at least 24 hours, so it's not like it takes much time to prep. But no. We waited, got our causitas (tasted amazing), and then got our entrees. By the time everyone was full from their entrees, our ceviche still hadn't come out. So I approached the waiter and asked to cancel one of our ceviche orders. I realize it's kind of a bitch move to do, but we had already been at the restaurant for almost two hours. Everyone was full and still kind of cranky from having to wait so long. So at this point, we all kind of wanted to go home. More importantly, if I'm canceling an order of something, what I'm really saying is "I don't want to pay for this." But apparently it was too late to cancel, so we got and paid for the two orders of ceviche.TLDR; four stars for food. one star for service. but I have to give a two star rating overall because the service was THAT bad. get your shit together, Surco, because you have the potential to be something great. get some waiters who know what they're doing and actually know how to speak to people without shaking from nervousness. also, make sure they know how to pour the effing water. and play music in your restaurant so your customers have something to do while they're waiting an hour for appetizers. kthx bye!
4	I had been wanting to check this place out for awhile, and last night finally had the chance. What an odd experience it was.The waiter was wonderfully awkward. He was nice and somewhat helpful, and I thought his weirdness was charming. I believe he was the only server there, and I could tell that he was trying his best. An awkward server is better than a rude one, of which I've had plenty. Good effort.For a Wednesday night, it was dead. My friend and I were the only people in there around 7 pm. We almost didn't go in, because I always get nervous when a place is that vacant. Seriously, this place needs your patronage or it will close. Come on East-siders, give this place a chance!The food was pretty good! I had the Seco de Cordero, which was delicious. Big hunks of well-cooked lamb in a thick gravy. The tacu tacu that sat on my plate was also very good, as was the red onion salsa. Just a really delicious plate of food. I'd order it again and again.My friend had the Pollo Sandwich, and he enjoyed it. The prices are a bit of a concern. For the neighborhood, I'd say it's too expensive. The lamb stew that I ordered was $22, which is way more than I'm usually willing to pay for dinner. I think the sandwiches were around $12, which is also a little expensive. But it was well-made food and something different, so I have no regrets.Oh, and that wait! I know that some others have complained about the long wait for food, and my experience was the same. We were the only two people in the restaurant, and it took about 35 minutes for our food to arrive! Now, I will give them credit for giving us some complimentary yucca sticks during our wait, but the wait was excessive.Overall, I was pleased. It's a warm little hidden gem. It's clean and comfy, and really has potential. I fear that if more people don't stop going there, it will close. And that really would be a shame. Give it a try.
