5	This mcdonalds may not have a playplace for the kids, but the decor inside is so non-mcdonaldsy, i gotta give it extra props. Unlike many of the newly remodeled fast food joints, the decor isnt cold & modern, but rather cozy & welcoming. There are brick facades, lattice dividers to keep it cozy, and tons of light & plants. I enjoy eating my occasional burger in here. Aside from that, i seem to get very fast & accurate service, especially at the drivethru. For what it is, its about as good as it gets.5 stars.
1	Employees look like they hate their job. Milkshake was like drinking milk. Food was cold and not warm at all.
2	I do not live far from this McDonalds location so I have been here several times before. Today is Tuesday, Jan. 29th@7:04am and I placed and paid for an order of sausage w/egg biscuit and 2 hasbrowns "to go" at the drive thru. The meal was bagged and handed to me by the store mgr. at the 2nd window. When I returned home, what I found was a sausage w/egg biscuit but only 1 hashbrown. A small inconvenience but when I am unemployed and pay for a portion of a meal I did not receive...I'm sure you get the point.Trust, reliabilty...out the window. For all who read this, be sure to check your order before pulling away from the drive thru window. I won't be patronizing this location for awhile.
2	Update. Im sick of coming here and having them tell me after a long wait in line that theyre out of whatever im looking for. Please. After a few times i get the picture.
1	I wish I could give no stars. I have literally had to call so many times to complain that I've stopped because it's clear no one there give a fuck about their customers. McDonalds corp just had the owner if this location call me and all she did was question me about all the issues as if I was the one who seemed sketchy. I even told them I don't want free food just get my order right.
1	This is the worst McDonald's I have ever been to.Yes, there ARE better McD's out there. Like the one on Boulder Highway by Joker's Wild, right before you hit Warm Springs.I have visited the last two nights here....Because I was picking up a friend of mine who got off from work, and we had a sweet tooth.....along with my family members at the house.Yesterday, we pull up and ask for hot fudge sundaes. Ice cream machine is out.Instead, we get two large sweet teas.....Which were overly sweet. Almost...gave off a syrup feel after I swallowed.Tonight, the ice cream machine IS working, so I get two sundaes, and of course, two large sweet teas.Sundaes look sad, because they are not in their proper clear plastic cup...they are instead in mini McFlurry cups....(not even filled completely, might I add.)My friend and I take one sip of our sweet teas....and they taste like dirty water.It's almost like they were trying to trick us.....Like, they didn't have enough tea, so they filled 3/4 of the cup with water.... Seriously, if I wanted the taste of unfiltered water, I would just pick up a hose out of someone's back yard. The women who work here, hate their lives. I mean, they are just wretched.One of the cars parked by the drive thru was.....vandalized with shaving cream, and what appeared to be eggs... Can't say I blame the perpitrator when these ladies can't even pour a glass of tea. .....I don't condone it, but hey, some people are crazy about their food.
1	Cold fries and best of all, a customer came in and ordered. The table he wanted had some kind of white creamy junk on it. He went and told someone and they handed him a rag. Lol
2	Parking not very welcoming to large RV's, and don't park next door at the convenience station they charge to park. Staff seemed confused on how to handle special requests, choosing instead to argue with a customer in-front of me and behind me.
