5	What are the first things that come to mind when someone mentions birth? Well I can bet from a guys perspective it is completely different from that of a woman that is preparing to give birth.  When we found out we had our second child was on the way the first things that I started thinking about were things like, oh no, I'm going to have to change diapers again, a slow medley also started playing in my mind while I was kissing the thought of sleep goodbye and all of this while my wife was starting to research her birthing options and making phone calls to check on what she called "The Important Stuff".  To me, making sure we had our closet stuffed with diaper genie refills was "Important Stuff", come to find out, making the correct decision about where or who is going to deliver your newborn is a little higher on the importance meter. We had a midwife as our provider with our first child but it was set in the hospital environment and seemed no different than having a standard doctor handling things, and since this was our first child what seemed like 490 Glucose tests and all these other tests that they kept requesting my wife go through all came off as a normal procedures and I had nothing to question. That is until we met Allyson. I came home from work and Becky had mentioned that we were going to meet with a potential midwife and she had settled on the idea of having a home birth.  Okay, this is where the differences shine. She was all engines go and I was riding the brakes, even though I knew we had a very normal uneventful birth with our daughter the thought of something happening just kept lingering in my mind and then the more pity things like, umm well who is going to clean everything up and can I watch TV in the warmed birthing pool prior to the delivery?? What guys doesn't want a hot tub in the living room. After meeting with Allyson we walked out of well-rounded momma and got in the car and both said at that moment that we have found the right person. From that point forward every thing went great, we switched off having our appointments at the office and at our house, which is very nice when it comes to building a relationship with your midwife. You can verify that claim with my three-year old daughter who thinks of Allyson as another friend to play with. This relationship that was forged I think not only made things easier on us but it helped my daughter to better understand what was happening and what things were to come in the very near future.  When I look back to the experience we had with our daughter, it went something like this.  Walk into the doctors office and sign in with the lady working the desk with a cold, get called back into the private room and wait 25 minutes to see the doctor/midwife for 10 minutes with the first 5 minutes being them reading the chart to make sure they don't call Mrs. Bryant, Mrs. Jones from the room next door.  With Allyson this was not the case, you can ask all the questions you want and go over all the "Important Things" until you are blue in the face and she wont be spending all the time she is with you rambling off random medical terms just to conclude your visit by sending you to the lab to choke down the worst tasting orange soda in the world, (I took a sip so I know). Everything was to the point and concise and within a matter of weeks we had spent more time actually discussing the pregnancy with Allyson then we did the entire time with our daughter, thus leaving us much more prepared for what was to come. The day had come, first and foremost let me add, I should have placed bets at the local casino, I had told my wife that I had this strong intuition that her water was going to break in our bed and Isaiah was coming and she just laughed at me before we went to bed... If only I could have recorded that moment at 3AM when I was nudged and she calmly said, " Um Raymond, I think my water just broke in our bed." Now I in no way want to sound Cauchy but I may have well jumped out of the bed to do a touchdown dance because I was on fire.  We made the call to Allyson and she was at the door in no time ready to go with all the necessary items. This is when I was really able to see the differences between a birth with a midwife and the standard hospital birth that we had experienced with our daughter. As a guy I tend to try and compare scenarios to things that I can fully relate with and being a tattoo artist for many years now, I compare the hospital birth to a tattoo shop, we want you to come in knowing what is going to happen and we may adjust your original plans a little to better fit our needs and then we want to blow that thing out so you are not sitting in our chair for hours on end while we miss opportunities to make more money.  This is a mirror of my opinion of a hospital experience but what we experienced with this home birth could not have been more opposite.
5	The care that I received from Allyson Butler is the reason why my son is completely healthy and happy. She made sure that I was having a low risk pregnancy before working with me. She involved my significant other in the entire pregnancy, made sure that my labs were normal, that my baby's labs were normal, that I had whatever kind of birth I wanted and even if on that day it had changed, it didn't matter. She had a ton of reading, audio and video materials to loan to mothers-to-be from her library. She also recommended classes that we could take to learn more about Lamaze, breathing technique, or breastfeeding. She had tips for how to cut baby's nails, how to get started on cloth diapers, and how to care for myself after the birth.I told her I didn't want an epidural and that I at first wanted a water birth. I ended up doing my prelabor in the bathtub then laboring on the bathroom floor in my own house. She was supportive of all the animal grunting sounds I was making and cheered me on. She gave me olive oil to rub on the baby's head, gave me fresh coconut juice when I needed rejuvenation, took some memorable pictures for me and my new family, counted his fingers, toes, took his measurements, had my significant other weigh the baby, and she even did the footprints. She was great with prenatal and postpartum care. She told me what diet I should be on, but also that I should just eat whatever I felt was right. She encouraged me to be me as much as I could be me during the pregnancy with respect to having a healthy pregnancy. She gave me suggestions during my seventh month as to what exercises I could do in the pool since the treadmill was starting to become too hard on my knees. Whenever she wanted to incorporate a teaching moment for other doulas or learning midwives, she would always ask for permission first. She respected me, my son, my significant other and our beliefs. She gave me lactation consultation and helped my son to latch on. She was great about scheduling if anything ever came up and fit me in even when she seemed like she couldn't. She was always reachable and was never more than a few hours away by phone or email. I am glad that I went with her versus going to a doctor or a hospital. Even when I had thought about having the birth in the hospital, she was still supportive of my decision and was ready to do the patient-transfer paperwork and then was supportive again when I decided that the hospital thing was not my cup of tea. For my hundredth review on Yelp, she's whom I'm writing about and Great Expectations Midwifery Care is what I care about. She did an awesome job and if I were to have other children in the future, I would definitely go back to her. I would recommend her to any of my friends and family.
5	After being released from my OB for not showing up for my appointments, it was time to look into other options. I wish I could say it was for more noble reasons that I came upon Allyson. My husband is the smart fellow who had researched the history of birthing and knew a home birth would be right for us. But the first midwife we interviewed took a while to answer basic questions such as, "What complications would necessitate us leaving the house for the hospital?" When asked the same question above, Allyson immediately listed several instances. She even brought out a doll and a 3D model of the pelvic bones to demonstrate. That's my kind of professional!  Direct, organized, and eager to share her knowledge.  I knew Allyson would be the perfect midwife for me. Like most women, I did not experience any complications during the natural birth process.Allyson and her apprentice, Romina, expertly and lovingly guided us through 18 hours of labor in the peace and quiet of my downtown apartment. I was 36 at the time of delivery, which is considered high risk, but everything went as smooth as it could.Post birth experiences with Allyson were also invaluable. She is as concerned for the mother as much as the baby, which is a level of service unique to midwives. Allyson's post birth home visits are a luxury I wish every family could experience. My experience with Allyson has changed my perspective on medical care, in general. I feel much more empowered as a patient, and know what good care looks like. Allyson spent one hour, I repeat, one hour with me during every visit. This provides ample time for me to digest information and to ask questions. Unlike the OB I had visited previously, Allyson proactively provides the information you don't know you need. Through Allyson I have also learned about home remedies, herbs and more.
5	When we last checked in on our hero Mamie P., she was 33 weeks pregnant and feeling frustrated with the obstetrics experience. We arrived at Allyson's office thinking that a midwife's role was mostly to pull the little guy out and be on her way. That first day is certainly critical and Allyson was the consummate professional whose expertise and support made this the most amazing day of our lives. However, we've learned that a midwife's care is invaluable long before baby arrives and well after. I will, dear reader, try to share some of what we learned, particularly from the birth partner's perspective. First we scheduled an initial interview where we spent over an hour asking questions, sharing our concerns and simply learning more about home birth. Allyson is herself a walking reference library of the most recent research on perinatal care. She can quote from memory the latest best practice standards, many of which have already been in use by midwives for decades. She keeps detailed notes on the health of mommy and baby and you'll be able to take these notes with you as you transition to pediatric care. If you are on the fence about a midwife, I'd strongly recommend taking the time to meet with Allyson or any midwife for that matter. The first of our bi-weekly visits started with exploring mum's health and our goals for the birth. Allyson and her apprentice Romina (Romina is also fantastic) reviewed momma's nutrition and encouraged our good eating habits while not making us feel guilty about some of our.... deviations. We had our records from the OB transferred over to her office and she reviewed these with us as well. At each visit Allyson tested momma's blood pressure, provided urine test strips,  and conducted other tests appropriate to the stage of pregnancy. She monitored the baby's heart rate with a fetal doppler and checked on the position of the baby by feeling momma's abdomen. The rest of the hour or so at each visit, Allyson asked or answered questions and encouraged the work we were doing to keep the little guy healthy and prepare for his arrival.Expecting parents have a bunch of decisions to make as the big day approaches. Should we get a vitamin K shot? What steps do we take if the mother tests positive for Strep B? Should we circumcise? Do we need a doula? A birth tub? What to do with the placenta? etc. Every visit with Allyson is a chance to work through these decisions with no pressure to follow cultural norms or do something simply because everyone else is doing it. Allyson respects your decisions as a parent and helps support you with research, experience, and her library of resources. She also has an amazing list of contacts for secondary services like birth tub providers and doulas. Any referral we've had from Allyson has been simply outstanding. Fast forward to the arrival day. Allyson and Romina show up and quietly unpack an arsenal of supplies. They join our doula Tiffany and me in supporting mom with words of encouragement, applying counter pressure, back rubs etc. In between contractions they setup of gear, and dig up extra supplies like towels and hair pins. They monitor the baby's heart with the doppler while mom is in the tub, on the floor, and in bed.I'll leave the rest of the details out because its the best part of the entire pregnancy and you'll enjoy the experience for yourself. Following the birth, Allyson and Romina made three more visits to our home to check on baby and mom. They helped with nursing, recovery for mom, monitoring baby's health and everything in between. This is a luxury which is hard to appreciate until you've had your first child. The day after the birth you are exhausted and mom has a lot of healing to do. The thought of driving to a pediatrician for checkups and waiting in a room full of sick kids seems overwhelming. Having these amazing experts in your home is a true comfort and pleasure. The birth experience is intense for the mother and the birth partner. Yes there is pain but a supportive birth team and experienced midwife can help maximize your baby-momma's natural pain coping mechanisms and create a wonderful birth story for your family. We're grateful to Allyson for her care, support and knowledge and of course we'd recommend her to all our friends and family!
5	Allyson is the BEST! I had a consultation with Allyson and I knew right away she was the midwife for me. My first delivery 5 yrs ago was at a hospital with a doctor, and although it was a natural and uncomplicated delivery I knew this time around I wanted a much more peaceful experience. I was so happy to have an hour at every appt to discuss all my concerns. Allyson always made me feel like I was in control of my pregnancy and with her help I would have the healthiest and safest delivery possible. Whenever I had lab work or ultrasounds she called me as soon as she got the results, she knows how stressful it can be to wait for results. My husband and daughter were always included in the conversations and in the measuring of the baby's size and heart rate. It made my daughter feel very special. We always left our appts feeling like we had just visited with a friend.When I went into labor, Allyson was at my house within 30 mins if not less. I wasn't sure how I wanted to labor, but she encouraged me to do whatever felt good to me. She showed my husband, mother and daughter how to massage my back, it was so nice to have them be part of the delivery. She was very soothing and gentle with her coaching. I wanted my husband to catch our son, but he was hesitant in fear of dropping him. Allyson walked him through it and made him feel comfortable with it. My husband caught our son and is so grateful to Allyson, he said it was the best experience he's had. I truly believe that Allyson's love and care for me and my baby (entire family) is the reason why I had the peaceful delivery I wished for. I could not ask for a better midwife, and if baby #3 comes along.....I will be calling Allyson.
