5	You have to try their falafel sandwich, it's delicous, healthy and affordable. What more could you ask for! I always get the mafe when they have it as meal of the day, it's a stew made from eggplants with a sauce based on peanut butter and tomato sauce. It's fabulous!Add the hibiscus drink and falalef balls and you got yourself a perfect meal.  What I love most about this place is how ''clean'' and light you feel after eating their food. Everything tastes so fresh and healthy.
5	This restaurant brings up some interesting philosophical questions for me. Should I stick to tradition, to comfort, to the classics, because I know they're delicious and never disappoint? Or should we all try to experience new exciting things - live on the edge of cultural and social mixing? How can one way be better than the other? These are the thoughts that arise when I try to decide between the traditional falafel and the falafusion at Panthere Verte. Both sandwiches are SO DELICIOUS (just like the rest of the food here - I could survive for the rest of my life on the ChocoChipMonk cookies). This place isn't lying when it says it has the best falafels in town.The atmosphere is casual, fun, and hip. There are plants! You feel at one with nature. You'll want to talk to the staff forever. And eat forever, of course.Definitely give this place a try if you're in the area and prepared to fight thieves! Your friends will be so jealous of your pita, they'll try to steal it away.
4	Very tasty vegan food. Most of their dishes are usually falafel and other vegetables wrapped in a pita. But it tastes much better than any falafel I had elsewhere.They have dessert items like sweet balls made of dates and chocolate and "viramisu" (vegan tiramisu) and also sparkling flavored tea.
5	"Am I a little drunk? Maybe, but I still give it a five," my husband.Bright, clean, open atmosphere. Small tables for small groups and one large table for, I presume, communal dining. Very casual and delicious food. It feels healthy in here :-)
