5	Extremely friendly and helpful staff! But they mostly deal with high volumes (500+) of commercial printing options. They helped me finding another local business that would suite my needs of making 100 USAF retirement pamphlets.
5	The Green Corner and t's entire staff couldn't be more helpful and professional. All your needs will be covered there! We have done through them the best business cards, post cards, posters, banners, etc. Whatever you need you can find it there and if they don't have it, they will make it for you!From printing to accounting services, your business needs will be covered there.Totally recommendable and their prices are competitive and their customer service is unmatched! Go visit them in person!
5	I just recently order my business cards and my logo design with them. It was very good experience working with their designers to get exactly what I wanted it. They helped me through the whole process, giving me their best and sincere opinion when I ask them. Business cards got in time for my meeting with clients and I couldn't be happier with the quality and result. Thanks Miguel and Jorge for your good work and dedication!
5	I travel into Las Vegas for business often and the green corner has always been my spot to stop.  The location is convenient.  The staff is very knowledgeable and has excellent customer service.  The location is organized and it is easy to get in and out of when you are rushing. I enjoy this business and would highly recommend it to the locals and outsiders on business.  Great place, great staff and conveniently located!
4	First off, they don't accept their Yelp check-in offer anymore, which is kind of a bummer.  But I am happy to say that I had a good experience with the Green Corner, albeit a bit slow on their part with the designing and the printing.  For the price, though, it was worth it, and I wasn't in a hurry with my business cards. I think they tailor primarily to the Hispanic market, but I had no problem communicating with Miguel.  I paid less than $70 for 1000 cards, including design & tax!  I don't know for sure if I will be returning as I am looking to expand my marketing for my start-up, but if I am looking for something simple and cheap, I'd go back there!
