3	Shopping center is nice. As far as shopping goes its mostly women's stores. They do have some stores for men but very limited. I mostly come here for the restaurants. Kona Grill, Cheesecake Factory, and many more.
4	This is a neat little shopping plaza that has a lot to offer!  It even has a Petland and Target..  If you need to take a day to just enjoy a nice walk and do some shopping.. have lunch or dinner.. this is definitely a spot that has it all.  Not just high end stores, but decently priced spots too like Ross,  Tilly's, and Rack Room Shoes.  [I think it was a rack room?]Lots of spots to eat too.. Mickey D's, Cheesecake Factory, Grimaldi's!  This is a ways from where we live... but when were in the area i'd definitely hit this spot up for some retail therapy.
4	Not sure I would consider it a "fashion village", but this is certainly an awesome shopping center. And I love that it's a one-stop shop kind of place. With everything from Target to Total Wine & More to REI to Bath & Body Works to... You can basically get just about everything you need at this place. It can get crowded, but it's never frustrating and parking is always available.
4	A series of strip mall shopping- spread across four corners. Here's a sampling: Ross*, Target Greatland, Home Goods, Kona Grill*, Cheesecake Factory*, PF Changs*, Claim Jumper*, Payless, Officemax, Verizon, Bath and Body Works*, Radioshack, McDonalds, Chilis, Tilly's, Grimaldi's, Sally's, T-Mobile,  Jason's Deli, Baja Fresh*, REI, American Apparel, boutiques like Talulah G, Hotties World, Pink, and Brighton, plus, others, like a Vitamin store, a Dental office, a Pet store, & Jewelry store. I'm missing some places, but you get the picture. One could spend lots of time here. I particularly like the Ross (not ghetto, and no unattended screaming children) and all the great dining choices in the area. All the asterisk-marked places, I've been to, btw. I heard that Fry's is coming to the area, as well (this place is always so packed).There is ample parking at each of the parts that make up Boca Park Fashion Village. Lunch and Dinner seem to be peak times, for obvious reasons. The tree-lined streets coupled with european design/influence make this area very pretty.
4	Boca Park is an epicenter for life on the west side of town. I can see why people love the Summerlin area so much. With fantastic food, drinks, and an easy accessibility to everything, it is a prime spot to be.The one down side about the fashion village is the late opening of their stores. I won't hold it against them that I am usually up and out the door at an ungodly time during my days off. 11am opening for their clothing stores made it difficult to do much of anything besides hang out at Sambalatte. Maybe I should be thanking them for opening an hour later because I got to try a new place. The upkeep on this area is pristine. Hedges were getting trimmed, stray items fished out of the fountains, and the paths litter free. A return trip for happy hour at Kona Grill will bring me back when Boca Park comes alive. I am looking forward to seeing the different atmosphere.
3	Close to Tivoli village, which has more shopping.. This centre is mainly weekend stores. Not all the workers are friendly and helpful. Good eats tho.
5	I really love this Plaza.  This is one of my wife and I 's dating spot.  The whole vibe is very unique make you wanna keep going back.  Of course they have few great selections of restaurants in the Plaza, there are Cheese Cake Factory, KONA Grill, Gordon Biersch, SambaLatte.. Etc.  And my wife love to shop at Pink and MIXT which I think are own by the same person.  Boca park is also right by Red Rock Casino, Tivoli Village, JW, Sun Coast, which is a great day/night hangout spot @ Summerlin.
4	Boca Park can be a destination for some great shopping, eating, or simply window shopping. The center hosts a multitude of different shops and eateries. I could name them all off, but I'll stick with a few I tend to frequent more often than others. As for sitting back and relaxing with a tasty beverage, you can do so at Samballate, a wonderful cafe. The center boasts two liquor stores - Total Wine and Lee's. My most frequented store - Target, it a nice size and includes a grocery section. Restaurants are plentiful too and my favorite here is The Cheesecake Factory.But the center has specialty stores as well - such as REI, a place where I tend to go with my husband. Overall this center is certainly one of the best in Vegas. Perhaps the only thing it is missing is a Patty's Cloest, or more locally owned restaurants or even a bakery. It's for that reason only I am dinging one star.
4	I always say there's two sides to Boca Park.  You got the Charleston side which has your basic stores like Target, Verizon, Ross, Starbucks, etc.  Then you got what I call the Tivoli Village side where you got Embers, Sambalatte, Kona, Cheesecake Factory, REI, and Grimaldi's.  It's like a different town, depending on which side you're on.  One things for sure, there's a ton of people watching here.  I was recently here and having a discussion with fellow Yelper Anthony M.  One thing we're wondering was "where the heck is the gym around here?"  No, we weren't trying to get a quick workout in. We're wondering because it seems like everyone shopping here is dressed like they are either coming back from the gym or going to the gym.  And again, some great people watching here.  I'm a fan of Boca Park and it seems like everyone else is too.  Parking can be a madhouse if you're trying to park near Embers or Sambalatte.  I usually take one pass then head straight to the parking near REI.  If I'm at Boca Park, it's usually for Sambalatte.  http://www.yelp.com/user_details_review_search?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ&q=sambalatte
4	When I lived in Vegas, this was my number one shopping destination.  Everything you need in one area, there's an amazing variety of shops:  Target, Office Max, Home Goods, Payless, Verizon, Bath and Body Works, Radioshack, REI, American Apparel, Talulah G, Hotties World, Pink, Brighton, Total Wine and Lee's Liquors. If you are looking for a place to dine, Cheese Cake Factory, KONA Grill, Gordon Biersch, SambaLatte, PF Changs, Claim Jumper, Jason's Deli, Baja Fresh to name just a few.Loads of parking and wide walkways, this is one of my favorite places.  Across the way is Tivoli Village, which is a part of Boca Park, but is the newer, - slightly more trendy area.
4	It's a cute little spot for shopping and dining.They have some great clothing stores which aren't too pricey.Me and my friend came here on a weekend, went to a coffee shop right by the Cheesecake Factory and walked around in and out of stores. Overall it's a nice place to hang out. I gave it four stars because its soooooo hard to find parking!
4	I've always been a fan of Boca Park.  The traffic can be pretty bad around it but compared to other cities it's tolerable.  Pretty much every store I shop is in or very near Boca Park... and several restaurants to chose from once you are done with your aerobic shopping.
3	Were it not for Sambalatte and Panera I'd probably never visit Boca even though it is within walking distance of my house but be that as it may I really cannot ignore the convenience.  Truly yuppie in the worst of ways with the sort of stores selling machine-stitched overpriced women's clothes and things that no one really needs I can only hope that the new developments occuring at Summerlin Town Center will mitigate my needs to deal with the six traffic lights between here and home but until that time comes I'll begrudging continue to visit as necessary - an occurence far more frequent than I'd care to admit given my obvious addiction to the coffee bean.
3	Yet another shopping plaza- nothing really stands out here to me, but I find the "fashion village" part of the name to be a bit misleading as there aren't many clothing stores here. One of the few REI locations is here, a handful of chain restaurants (Cheesecake Factory, Kona, Gordon Biersch) and the mandatory froyo and coffee shops, but little else.
4	This isn't a review of Boca Park as a whole so much as it's a review of the ~village~ (I.E. the back section that a lot of people don't even know is there).As everyone knows, Boca Park is a pretty one-stop shopping experience. One can literally find everything within. That being said, I didn't ever trek north of Vons in the past. But now I live within walking distance to Boca Park, so why not explore this part a little more?I have to say, I was impressed with the mini "village" like experience going on here. It was more compact and conductive to a browsing experience. There's a good amount of dining options (including a Westside location of Grimaldi's and Sambalatte) I think the biggest flaw is the fact that it can be so easy to miss, especially to those accessing Boca Park from Charleston (which is where I usually accessed Boca Park in the past). Oh, and it COULD have a movie theater too. True, the Suncoast is around the corner but their theaters are just so blah. The Final VerdictPros: Walking distance from homeHas "mall quality" stores in neighborhood environsSomewhat New Urbanist in feel.Cons:Easy to miss, depending on where you're accessing Boca Park from.Would be a perfect location for a movie theater, and yet it doesn't have one. Return Factor: 10/10. Always nice to have somewhere to shop and hang out in walking distance from one's house.
