1	Worst customer service ever back in mid-January.  I'm a pretty chill, easy-going dude, but by the end of this visit I wanted to put every McD worker in a Ric Flair figure-four leglock. Cashier was terrible.  Middle-aged dude looked like he was hating life (no comment here) and didn't greet patrons with anything more than a lazy nod.  He had to have been thinking, "What the hell do you want?"  A simple "Hey, what can I get for you?" would have sufficed.I'm an optimist, but my orange juice was half-empty.  I hemmed and hawed about pointing it out, but did so.  Chick on duty returned with my juice filled with ice.  Really?  You don't think I can tell that its ice and not juice?  Later, chick said that the orange juice was not ready yet.  Might I suggest a solution?  GET IT READY - ICE IS NOT A SUBSTITUTE.Bacon, Cheese & Egg Biscuit with no bacon, please.  It took them TWENTY minutes, FOUR different McD workers, and THREE breakfast sandwiches to get my friend's order right.  Not that difficult of an order - it doesn't mean a Sausage McMuffin without sausage; it doesn't mean a Bacon, Cheese & Egg Biscuit with egg; and it definitely doesn't mean a Sausage McMuffin without sausage, even the second time around.  During the BCE Biscuit incident, they still never gave me my coffee.  I politely informed the cashier, and the dude tells me he didn't forget it.  Let me guess, coffee beans aren't harvested yet and there wasn't even ice to try and trick me.  He then proceeded to pour me a cup.What a Mickey Mouse operation.  I will not come to this location again.dmo out.
1	Zero stars, this location can only be described as pathetic.  For starters they weren't able to serve a McDouble or Big Mac but had McQuarters available that clearly had been sitting around for a hour.  But honestly by far the worst part was they charged 30 cents each for two cups of tap water.  Literally I have never in my entire life been charged for a cup of tap water at any establishment.  I can't put into words how pathetic and sad and cheap it is to charge for that.  What a completely mismanaged franchise to charge for something like that.  It's flat out disgraceful and whoever runs this franchise should be embarrassed.  You run a pathetic franchise sir, no ifs ands or buts....
3	Slow service and didn't give my kids any sauce for their nuggets even though we asked for some. They were not very friendly either
