1	Coda - no thanks.I dont want to buy your crappy Napalean Nose Flute CD.I dont want to by an album called ''The Slow and Aimiable Camel" by the African version of Billy Ray Cyrus.I dont want to by ANYTHING even remotely associated with Billy Ray Cyrus.No, I dont want to hear 33 different types of rainforest noises or whale songs.NO, I dont want to listen to any form of local county music.NOOOOOOOOO!! I dont want to hear a bagpipe/country/death metal fusion band. F*ck Off Coda.
4	We all know there are few things in life more satisfying than pointing out the shortcomings of others, so I'll take great pleasure in highlighting how every other review of Coda has entirely missed the point. The shop is not aimed at 20 somethings who like Facebook and style bars, it's aimed at ageing old hippies, who are in the zone when sitting cross-legged in a dingy bedsit, out of their face on a cocktail of hallucinogenic drugs and Indonesian pan pipe music.Coda provides a huge selection of nonsensical music / noise for Edinburgh's tree hugging fraternity, and even if they don't provide the mind altering narcotics I'm sure they can tell you where to find someone who does. The shop fills it's requirement perfectly, and so deserves no less than four stars.
4	Wait a minute - what? Was I in the same shop as everyone else? I didn't see any whale CDS!Maybe my head was up my bum, but I don't hold Coda in such contempt as the other reviewers seem to. Sure, it's very specialised, but what's wrong with that? Why must every music shop be one big ole homogenised mess? And some independent music shops miss the mark, sadly, because they try too hard to please the "super cool" indie kids.I thought I knew about folk music until I stepped in here. The only artists I recognized were Linda Ronstadt, Stealer's Wheel and Runrig. But aside from well own and popular folk artists, they have a very generous selection of Irish and Scottish bands, not to mention world music. For tourists especially interested in picking up some new music, this would be a good place to look for traditional Scottish. The bands represented in here are real pioneering bands, so it's more related to the Scottish folk scene than the crowd pleasing stereotypical CD's you'll find in tourists shops. If you're particularly interested, they will dfeinitely have something more specialised.I'm not as into folk music as I thought, clearly - but if you are, this is a good place to start.
4	It's a pretty good CD shop, if you're looking for something in particular. One of my friends released a CD that was only available in the Tesco in my local home-town, but I went into Coda and asked them about it and I had it within 2 days. Great!The staff are really knowledgeable too, and if you want to find something new then this is definitely somewhere to come.
5	This place is great!  It specializes in folk, indie, country, etc.  The folks who work at the store were really helpful in picking out music.  If you are looking for top hits, skip this place but you will anyway. If you like Americana, folk, world etc, give it a try.  And if you are unsure why not stop in and support this business.
