4	The restaurant is located in the Wildlife Zoo and here are the things it is not...a fat fryer, a vending machine or a popcorn stand. Unlike every other food outlet I've ever been to in a zoo or aquarium, this is a sit down, be served, have a drink....yes, drinks at the zoo and they have happy hour spot with table cloths and a full bar/lounge!!! Is this heaven or what? It gets better, you an be seated next to any number of enormous fish tanks and watch all of nimo swim by while you sip a draft beer, a glass of wine, or just pick your poison! Now on to the food - it is good, it is fresh and yes, it is expensive. You will pay $8 for an average burger but how often do you have a burger in front of a 15,000 gallon tank with a cold one? If you have not, you must try it I guarantee your burger will be improved by the view. This place is a helluva lot of fun and I thoroughly enjoyed my happy hour and burger here! I will be back.
5	Can you spell f-a-n-t-a-s-t-i-c? As the previous reviewer stated, a very pleasant surprise awaits one when visiting the Tiburon Restaurant at the Wildlife Zoo and Aquarium in Litchfield. I live in Ahwatukee, the other end of the town, and decided to visit the newly opened Aquarium. It's a fine place to visit and see various water creatures, each one more fascinating than the previous one.Now onto the food...  If you fancy a splendid atmosphere, a delight for your palate, something out of the ordinary yet of fantastic taste, Tiburon it is. My favorite? An appetizer, which followed the cup of lobster bisque (served with a small bottle of Champagne, prefect marriage!). I had the roast duck tacos. The tacos were actually made of lightly fried (and shaped) slices of eggplant, served on a bed of guacamole, elegantly decorated with strips of vegetables. A perfect balance between the gamy tasting duck and veggies accompanied by guacamole. Ended with a chocolate cake of a richness I haven't tasted before. Not too sweet, just right! The owner, Alex, is very warm and chats with you about his dishes and more. The entire atmosphere is really enjoyable, eating next to a huge tank where fish and sharks swim around and around.I will definitely be back!
4	Not bad for a restaurant, especially next to a small zoo in the middle of nowhere.  The good thing is that you could enter it without going in the zoo.  The food is decent, but the menu is so minimal.The best part of the restaurant is part of the namesake: the shark tank.  If you seen that James Bond film "The Spy Who Loved Me", you are probably familiar with Stromberg's shark tank that he transports enemies and traitors to.  At Tiburon, the sharks are a little bit bigger than dachsunds.
2	I'm torn about Tiburon. On the one hand, to eat in front of one of AZ's largest aquariums is awesome, especially for reef tank nerds like me and my husband. It's just too bad that the restaurant itself isn't better. The menu only has one vegetarian main entree on it, so that's what my husband had to get. It was supposed to be grilled veggies with a portobello centerpiece. What came were some (as in not many for $16) limp veggies with maybe 1/3 of a portobello. When my husband pointed this out to the waitress, she spoke to the chef who said that he had run out of mushrooms. They comped us a dessert to make up for it. The creme brulee was fine- about like most served in chain restaurants. My steak was pretty good, but was served with a few giant acrid onion rings and lukewarm mashed potatoes. I realize that we are paying in part for the atmosphere, but it's really hard to justify when the food is so sub-par and the restaurant is obviously poorly run.
5	We've tried this place 3 times and have not been dissapointed...The Penna Pasta with Salmon...best pasta I ever ate...anywhere..frends liked the Trout...others didn't like the steak very much..but, hey, it's a fish restaurant.  The prices aren't bad when you consider the portion size is huge...service was very good...I did note that the sharks seem to intent on making the tank a 'sharks only' tank...Give this place a try if you like fish...also, they're in the Enterainment book.
3	I give this 3 stars because you are in a fancy place, but un-fancy food for lunch.  It leaves you feeling slightly disoriented.It's like, I have to wait to be seated for macaroni and cheese, a hamburger, or fish and chips???  And then $12.00 for the burger or fish and chips???Not that the food wasn't good. It was.  The fish was moist, the burger was well stacked and the view of the shark tank was great.I was just REALLY thrown off by my own expectations I guess.I'll have to try it for dinner.
2	We decided to have our Valentines Day Dinner here at Tiburon.  I called ahead and they were taking reservations for Valentines Day.  When we arrived the hostess asked us to take a seat in the lounge and they would let us know when our table was ready.  I ordered a drink from the bar and and an Iced Tea for my wife.  When I asked the Bartender for a straw I was informed that they do not provide straws as they endanger animals.  I thought that it was odd but ignored it.  20 Minutes later our table was ready.  Our table was right in front of the tank.  I thought the tank would be bigger than it was and I was a little disappointed at the fish in the tank.  There was a few sharks but they were all pretty small.  When I had made reservations I was told they would have a special Valentines Day menu.  Our waiter did not offer this menu to us at all.  We ordered the Duck Tacos for our Appetizer.  They took a while to arrive.  They were decent but not spectacular.  The decor was nice but my wife and my self both agreed that they were trying to make it a fancy restaurant but failed on many levels.  1.  The table cloth was not cloth but vinyl.  2nd the napkins were actually paper napkins folded to give the illusion of cloth.  Our waiter helped us choose our meal and was very honest about what was good and what was not.  When the food arrived it looked good.  I had the mahi mahi and felt that it was a little bland.   Over all I was disappointed with our experience and felt I had to apologize to my wife for a mediocre meal.  She felt it was a nice restaurant that just needed a few things to make it better.  She made the point that they do not provide straws because it endangers animals yet they serve seafood in front of fish?
3	Bloody Mary was good the location is neat as it's situated within the zoo and there's a large aquarium in the main dining hall.  The service was good and the food was good, I had the pizza.  Came in for lunch and I am looking forward to coming in for dinner some time.
2	The atmosphere is awesome-eating next to the aquarium.  Our salad was good, and the clam chowder was average.  We split the special, prime rib.  Had to send it back twice because it was way over cooked.  The third one was too.  They said there was no more, but one server said there was a whole other roast-and they were trying to find a med. piece.  We took the third piece just because it was getting frustrating.  Despite sharing, having two drinks, and no dessert we paid $80 (with tip) for an overcooked piece of meat.  No discount was offered, free dessert, or anything like you might expect.  Not even a visit from the manager to apologize.  We won't be returning, which is sad because we think the atmosphere is one of the best in the west valley.
4	A pleasant surprise. We opted to ear herr instead of the hot and Icee place in the zoo. Great idea. They have a full kids menu and surprisingly good adult entrees. The inside seating puts you right next to an impressive shark aquarium.  Great ambience and friendly service. I wouldn't drive out just for the restauant, but will definitely come back when visiting the zoo.
3	Take away the super cool aquarium, the albino alligator, and the flock of flamingos and what do you get?  A poor mans Applebee's.  But you didn't come all the way out here for the food, right?
3	We had dinner here on 01.14.11. And we each had a bowl of the Lobster Bisque Soup and a Caesar salad - generous portions of each. Though a few more lumps of crab meat in the soup would have been nice.  A basket of warm Focaccia bread, served with herbed butter,comes with your order (which they will refill at your request). Everything was DELICIOUS!!!  The soup was rich and creamy - not fishy at all. The salad was cold and crisp! And the bread really complimented both.Our server, Sean, was very pleasant and attentive! AND, we were seated right in front of the aquarium/tank! Very cool!!!That said, I only gave it three stars because I'm not sure that I would easily pay $46.00 again for what we ordered.  Add the $10.00 tip we left...and the total is VERY pricey for a dinner of soup and salad! But for this visit, we had a Groupon ($20 for $40) This made it worth it! We think it's definitely worth another visit - either for the Wine and Tequila Tasting event they have the last Friday of Each month or for Happy Hour.
4	I just had dinner at this restaurant and it was great. The staff is friendly and helpful and the aquarium in the restaurant is great atmosphere. The food is really good. I had blackened red snapper with paremesan encrusted red potatoes and asparagus. The side salad was very good with mixed greens and a tasty house dressing. I would recommend this restaurant to everyone.
4	So after you treck around and visit the Wildlife Zoo and Aquarium; you work up a sweat and appetitie and end up at Tiburon. We tried it due to a Groupon deal. The place is definitely not your typical zoo cafe. It is pretty fancy. White linened tables, waiters in ties, a hostess!, and a shark tank as a view. The waitress came out promptly and took our orders. We then received a bowl of rolls. Rolls were hard but not in the stale way.I ordered the Tornadoes Napolean...basically two beef fillets sandwiching gorgonzola, onions, and bacon. The beef was very tender; the servings were pretty big. The side of mashed potatoes was dissapointingly lumpy! My hub ordered their Land and Sea...beef filet and lobster tail...he tore it up so I assume he liked it! My baby; we got the chicken finger's basket. It was delish! Yes, I tried it. I was full but made room for dessert. I ordered the creme brulee. Instead of the strawberries I wanted rasperries and they complied with fresh rasperries and a raspery glaze.  Woo! it was good; sugar was a little over caramelized.Total bill, close to $100. Budget tip: If hungry and want to sit by the shark tank without spending your diugh...order the kid's meals..servings were big and prices are cheap $5!
4	My boyfriend and I went there after spending the day at the zoo. In the beginning the waiter was awesome. She split a bowl of Lobster Bisque that was AWESOME. And he actually convinced me to get the Ma-hi Ma-hi instead of the crab legs i had my heart set on. The Ma-hi Ma-hi was good, the steamed veggies that came with it were a little undercooked in my opinion but over all everything was fantastic. My boyfriend got the rack of ribs (he was planning on sharing the crab legs with me). He said they weren't "fall off the bone good but were still pretty good." The waiter could have done a better job of checking up on us (we ran out of drinks fast, but other than that we give him 2 thumbs up. At the end of dinner our waiter even brought us a couple of hot towels to wash ourselves up with.
2	Okay the basics first - Parking is wide open because of the wildlife park, Walk right in and you will get a seat with no wait. I love it so far. I ordered the homemade meatloaf over a heaping pile of mashed potatoes (chunky style) and believe me I love big portions. This meal did not disappoint me. I feel it is a little on the pricy side - however the ambience is incredible with the giant shark tank set as a restaurant center piece. The dim lighting, quiet atmosphere, makes for a romantic setting. So okay- 2 dinners, desserts and couple of drinks each $120 out the door.I would definitely go back to do again if not just for the decent food and atmosphere.
3	This is now Dilon's---a BBQ joint with decent food. Their sauce lacks punch (the Cajun is spicy but just nasty) but the service was very good and the burnt ends where delicious as always. The beans are a particular treat compared to some other BBQ places.
3	Overpriced with mediocre food, but the atmosphere was fun!
