3	I used to use this pharmacy sometimes when I lived out on the West Side.  They were okay, but I had two problems with them.First of all, they didn't always have stuff in stock.  On at least one occasion, they could only fill like 1/3 of my 60-pill blood thinner script because they didn't have any more of it.  It's a pretty commonly used medication, but also not the kind of thing on which you'd have a sudden run that would deplete your inventory.  Having to come back a couple of days later was annoying.Also, they're closed on Sundays.  Local business and all, but definitely something that was EXTREMELY inconvenient more than once when I ran out of pain meds.
5	We are really lucky to have a neighborhood pharmacy like Neuhauser.   The pharmacist is always very thorough and friendly.  It's too bad they're closed on Sundays, but I appreciate that this is a locally-owned business and that they need a bit of downtime.  I think it may also be the only place in the neighborhood that sells bus passes.  Support your local businesses people!
5	Small town style pharmacy in the best sense of the term. Nice, friendly, and professional people.
4	We feel very fortunate to have a local, neighborhood pharmacy. Staff is always friendly and professional, and their customer service is top-notch. It is a great addition to the Monroe St. area.
3	I love me some small, old-schooly pharmacies. Not sure what it is about them, but I like 'em. I swung in here, while in need of some odd-ball items. After 5 minutes, I left with: wrapping paper, a bow, a pen, a nutrition bar, and a greeting card. Perfect. Staff was friendly, prices were fair. Tip: they are a hub for the USPS - avoid the lines!
4	I little piece of Monroe street that doesn't get much attention. Sure, they're small, but they have everything you need for on-the-go relief for chapped lips, sniffles, or a pounding headache. PLUS, it's a local neighborhood-y alternative to Walgreen's.My favorite this is that they've got a Post Office inside the Pharm, so you can stop by and grab stamps or mail a package without trekking to an official USPS location. Plus, the staff is uber friendly and they sell lotsa candy ;)
5	I had AWESOME service today. Seriously. The woman behind the counter was super helpful as I was strategizing mailing a large, awkward package and had no box (I just know that in this situation a USPS worker would have grumbled and rolled their eyes). When you're kind of in a hurry and want the job done right the small thing make a big difference. Important: **USPS stamps and shipping are cash or check only.** Because of this, the staff member suggested I purchase the envelope I was buying with a debit card, get cash back, and use that to pay for the shipping, saving me an ATM fee. She double sealed the envelope with tape. Again, really little stuff, but it made a big impression on me. I'll be mailing packages here from now on.
5	This is what people mean when they say "shop local." Friendly helpful staff who know all the regulars. Sure the store doesn't have everything a megapharmacy would, but there is a pretty amazing amount of stuff in the little space.
