4	A okay, service
1	Came in with my husband here and  the lady was just plain DISRESPECTFUL. My husband told me to explain how he wants his cut to the lady and when i did, she just told me to go sit cos i dont have to come with him and when i started explaining she gave me an attitude and kept yawning. Wth? Really. On top of that he had to make my husband repeat everything i said and act like nothing happened. Picked this place coz it was the closest and our usual stylist is out. Definetely not coming back here. I can't stand her attitude!
4	I found this Great Clips thru Yelp.  I'm looking for a reliable stylist nearby. Aurora did a great job cutting my hair.  She paid attention to what I wanted.  She was skilled and took her time to make it right.  it was gratifying because the last few experiences trying to get this particular cut done at other salons have been unsuccessful and frustrating for me.  Of course I  will have to see how the cut is over time.  So far I'm pleased.  Thanks Aurora!   I will tell my daughter and daughters-in-law about it---they are always looking for a good but reasonably priced hair salon.
2	Used to love taking my son here to get his haircut. But even checking in early online on my iphone app, I found myself waiting for a while at their register to be waited on. I was ignored by the 3 people who saw me. So we sat down since I thought we already did the online check in. Then 2 other customers walked in and they were greeted immediately. I had to let the lady know at the register that I have been waiting and the customer let me talk to her. So my son was up next. Just very poor service. Will not come here again. It's too bad the guy who always cut my son's hair doesn't work there anymore. He was an A++. Always fantastic!
1	Don't go to any major hair-cut place such as super cuts, great clips, blah blah. I recommend the barbershop right around the corner you will pay a few more bucks but you will also have a quality service. Don't come here for a stylish cut, or before a big date as you will get styled from a middle-age lady, who's style comes from a Target catalog, and can't touch a single straight edge blade. However if you must come here (great clips) get a simple-hair if you always wear hats or also if your on an extreme budget (just cut it yourself) or if you have no swagger, or you really don't give a f**k about how you look. (How come they always ask for a phone number?)
2	First off, I am usually patient with when it come to customers service because everything isn't perfect.With that being said, we called and ask if there was a wait or a lot of people there, and the lady said no. We get in our car and it took us literally 5 min to get there. When we get into the shop, there was at least 9 people ahead of us! Not just 2 or 3 or 4 or 5 but at least 9! So then one of the ladies asked us if this was our first time and we said yes. She said to check in and write our first name. We still were on the monitor list so we got up and ask if they could check us in and they said they did. Long story short, couple of people went ahead of us and they needed all of the information down to the address, for a simple hair cut. We waited a good 35 mins before they even called us up. The haircut is decent but the service is terrible. They are disrespectful and not good at taking care of their customers at all. I recommend going to somewhere else if you can.
1	We all know that sometimes people get busy and are unable to provide good customer service, which is always reasonable. Unfortunately, this establishment had several opportunities to provide us with DESCENT customer service and has failed every chance they were given.They provided us with inaccurate estimation of time. They were not able to check us in on three accounts. They took a couple of people ahead of us even though we were waiting there first. Overall, l they left a very distasteful taste in my mouth.I highly suggest to find a different hair salon shop. This place was TERRIBLE!
3	Eghh....you need a haircut and aren't too picky this is the place for you. I've been to better and I've been to much worse so I guess its all how you want to view it. It drives me absolutely nuts they ask for my full name and phone number every time I walk in. They don't need to know anything about me besides the fact I like my hair short usually a #1 on the sides and a square hairline in the back.Never fails every time its always your name please, your phone number. They shouldn't need those details so I just give them the lead singer of the band/group who was on the radio that was playing when I can in.I have a cow lick no arguments here. In six trips I've only had one person easily cut my hair and work around it without making me look like a Mr. Clean reject.  Today I was with a new lady who cut the sides too short and completely missed a few (5) long hairs on the top of my head and needed me to point them out.I will be back in a few months but may just have to go somewhere else as I hear some local shops have beer on tap. The idea of getting buzzed while catching a buzz intrigues me a little.
5	I was on vacation in Las Vegas visiting a friend.  He suggested I get my hair cut here.  When I walked in, I wasn't expecting much.  Seems like the place is convenient for male haircuts, not so much women's haircuts.  I didn't have an appointment, but I figured 2pm on a Monday, it should not be too busy.  I walked in and they immediately sat me down in a chair.  Sharon cut my hair and I am amazed at what a great haircut she gave me.  I've paid well over $50 here in LA to have my haircut with such precision!  She is very well trained.  I told her exactly how I wanted my hair to look and she did it, down to the perfect length for my bangs.Ladies, if you are in need of a great cut, go see Sharon!  It's a steal at $13!!!
5	Convenient and close to home! Great customer service. Receive a discount for writing a review...awesome! Great price and great stylists
5	Great employees with a short wait and they always give you the attention you deserve.  A++. I will ask for Lupe next time!
5	Sharon did a fantastic job. Quickly got me in for a great haircut
2	The hair cut is good, the gal that cut my hair had zero personality.  Overall the shop was dirty and I would not probably go back!
5	I haven't gone to great clips in a while because I'm trying to grow out my hair. I haven't had any complaints whatsoever with the stylists that have done my hair. I was really pleased and my hair is growing out beautifully. I would definitely go again if I need my annual haircut. I would recommend the manager  for the ladies. He does a really great job! :D
1	It's BS:They accept walk insThey don't accept reservation I was the 3 rd on in the shop Out of no where suddenly after 3 people walked in (because of their superior online check in system ) I'm suddenly the 8th one.  First I was supposed to wait 20 min max and now I'm here for an hour and I still have a bunch of people ahead of me Would you come here????I guess only if you have nothing to do and love to waste time Go to ****cutting edge****At least that's worth the wait And not ever any yelling customers
1	Just received the worst hair cut of my life. Jaime (if that's his real name - male store manager w/ blonde hair) proceeded to tell me "We are done here, get up and leave" after cutting off a chunk of my hair he wasn't supposed to. He offered to not charge me - which I wasn't going to obviously pay for regardless, but this review is in response to his poor attitude and his failure to try and retain a long time customer.I've had great past experiences with Great Clips at the Blue Diamond location and I hate going to new salons. It's safe to say, I will NEVER be back.
