4	Need a chicken fix?  I love the chicken club sandwich. My friend ordered the salad and could barely finish it--its loaded with healthy veg tooAt one point the play area was invaded by some unsupervised 10-13 yr old rowdy boys but after I told an employee about it, it was quickly taken care of.    good lemonade and workers are happy to help you with refills or anything requests you may have :)
2	I'll probably ruffle some feathers with this review since most people are pretty passionate about Chick-Fil-A; however this wasn't too good.As usual I'll try to start with the good.  Chick-Fil-A's are usually very clean and that's no exception here and it boasted a 96 sanitation grade.  They have a few healthy options like salads, fruit cups, and grilled chicken.  The employees are friendly, but it's in an annoying an obvious corporate-mandated way.  "My pleasure" is half of what you'll hear from the employees.Now onto the food itself...blah.  For $7 and a 10 minute wait I got a small, sad, dry chicken sandwich without much flavor, a small fruit cup, and a fountain soda.Sorry Chick-Fil-A, if I spend $7 it will be at Jersey Mike's where the meat is fresh and delicious - not reheated like this.
4	Pretty happy with my visit to Chic-Fil-A today...This location is on the back / corner side of Northlake Mall, but shares an area of "Northlake Commons", which has other shops & restaurants.  Therefore, for dining inside, you're sharing the parking lot space with a Red Robin & other shops.  For me today, I used the drive through...which is a long lane to just get to the ordering spot.  Of course, it was close to 12 PM, lunchtime, so the line was pretty long.  Luckily, when I got up to the ordering part (I had waited in the lane line for about 5+ minutes), it was quick to actually get my food.  The girl, Erica, who took my order was very pleasant & sweet.  My nuggets were HUGE - YUM! - & a nice surprise I got an extra one. ;) Surely it wasn't on purpose, but it was a nice surprise nonetheless.  The slaw was cold & perfect.  I'll be back!
4	clean, friendly staff, nice play area.  all in all a great lunch!
5	I think this location beats all other locations across the U.S. That I've been to. Right away I was greeted at least three times with smiling faces. Order taker was super nice and made sure we had our order right. Food was brought out to us, was asked how it was and even had a lady fill our drinks for us from out table.Great job to whoever runs this location and trains
