4	I've been to this car wash a few times using their fantastic coupon and my car gets spiffy clean inside and out.  However, this last time I ran into a problem.  The resolution was very professional and I'm happy with the result.
5	The prices are comparable to all the other area car washes. They are close and they do a great job. I especially love the turtles out back, though they probably need a bigger swimming area since there are so many. There was no wait at all.. In and out and finally have a clean car! No complaints. :-)
5	The prices are comparable to all the other area car washes. They are close and they do a great job. I especially love the turtles out back, though they probably need a bigger swimming area since there are so many. There was no wait at all.. In and out and finally have a clean car! No complaints. :-)
1	I have been to this car wash about 10 times now, couple times I got really good work done but for the most part the work was average and the pricing is in line with most anywhere else.  Yesterday though was by far one of the worst jobs I have ever had done!  I worked all weekend and when I got off Sunday afternoon I went straight from work to the car wash, pulled in at 4:53PM and the first thing I did was asked if they were still open.  Attendee said they closed at 5, I asked if I should come back another day (which I would have been fine with doing if he had said yes) but the guy  said no we can get you done no problem.  They had my car completely done within 10 minutes.  I paid for the VIP and definitely did not get a VIP job done.  I am a very detail orientated person so after every wash once I get home I go over my car and hit any spots that may have been missed.  This usually takes me about 30 minutes so no big deal.   Well last night it took 2.5 hours because the wash job was such crap.  I then knew exactly why my car was in and out so damn fast!  On top of paying for the VIP of course my car is an SUV so you always get charged the extra dollar for "over-sized car" of which I never see an extra $1's worth of work being done.  Anyhow I will not be going back to this car-wash.  I only go there because of the convenience of the location but I think I'll just drive the extra mile to the car-wash down the street from here on out.
2	I thought about stopping by last week after doing a yelp search and seeing the overall rating. Two days later I got a coupon in the mail and knew it was meant to be.I pulled up and instantly the guy was trying to upsell me. Fine, I'll get the 27.99 wash that's guaranteed for seven days. Then he proceeded to try to sell me on their oil change services...noticed my car was new and wanted me to think of them when I need my maintenance done. They include a free car wash, you know. Sigh, I prepaid at the dealership thankyouverymuch. End of discussion.The girl working behind the desk was nice. She rang me up, took the best coupon, and later rang me up real quick because I forgot money for a tip. They can do up to $5 on your card.The car wash was good, but as for the inside detailing, I'm way less than impressed. Most of three dead bugs were eliminated from my windshield (hooray!!), with a couple minor exceptions, but that should have been caught by Mr. detail expert. The inside was wiped down, but not the dash. The "pina colada" scent was non-existant (don't really care), and there are areas on the inside of the doors and cup holders where there is greasy residue from the cleaner. I hate to base the majority of my overall rating on the detailing alone, but I feel that's what you pay for and the majority of the time is spent on that.(sidebar...this is my first review from my phone so if there are typos, I apologize. I tried to correct them all as I was Swyping)
1	All these locations are just true crooks let's file class-action lawsuit against them for being thieves!
