5	I know everyone is going the way of Netflix these days, but I still really love Superstar Video.  They have a great selection of indie films and blockbusters, new releases and older movies.  And I love the 5 movies for 5 days for 5 bucks deal on the older videos.  It makes it so easy to rent an entire season of a TV show.Their new releases aren't too expensive, somewhere around $3.  No cards to remember to take with you either, you just give them your name.  And, you get to support a local business that deserves your patronage.
1	Prices are not bad but selection could be better. I hate the fact that I have to look at the guys broken leg and exposed bandage on his calf though. Place seem to attract seedy types makes me feel like I live in belleview. Finally place has a scent that rivals Jeffery dahmers old apartment. They need to smile more and lighten up on there indifferent attitude or I go to blockbusters and take business with me. P.S. This place prays on you with bogus late fees and DVDs that have a fingerprint on them, they also up charge you on expired candies bought from the dollar store and over priced soft drinks that you can by at bashas for a lot less. And how do you not carry boogie nights on DVD I mean really?????!!! Signed,Rock star superstar.
1	I have been going here for years now. I have always felt the customer service was terrible. The appearance of the staff is worse and the place really "feels" like a dollar store. Never the less, the prices have been reasonable and I like the idea of suppporting the local business... well not any more! I thought I had turned a movie back in, but when I rented another, they asked me about it. Low and behold, I had left it at my girlfrineds house. Ok so I go to turn it in. 13 days late now. I expected a fee, but it was $19.50 (with a big grin on the clerks face - mind you this is the first time I have ever seen an employee smile there.) I asked what the cost would be to buy it - $29.00. Keep in mind I recieved no courtesy call to ask about the movie when it was obviously very late. True it is my fault, but the fee seems excessive in this economy where redbox sells them for $15 if you don't turn them in and video stores are dying by the score. What really did me in was the fact that the one guy was practically laughing and the manger or owner did not thank me, apologize, or show any sign of empathy whatsoever. Superstar scores an "F"
5	I love Superstar Video - it is nice to have the personal touch - I have called them many times to find out if they have something and they have always been great about checking before I drive!  Long Live Superstar!
4	I've been going there since I moved to the neighborhood, about 7 years.  The prices are reasonable. And, better yet, you can find older titles as well as newer ones (unlike the few remaining video rental places). The staff has improved in the past couple of years. They are friendly and helpful.
4	Superstar is like a blast from the past...it reminds me of what video stores used to be in the 90's. The place is run by a gaggle of hipsters who have always been helpful. The video selection is pretty decent and they do daily rentals for just a little more than redbox ($1.79). They have a lots of TV series and a okay selection of gay movies.And, if your interested, the back room has plenty of porn to rent.
5	I love this place. The staff is super helpful, especially the one that looks like Jack White's half brother, Jacob. Great selection, too
3	The only reason they get 3 starts is because of the selection and good prices. However, I can't believe someone would actually compliment the customer service. I know everyone is entitled to their own opinion but seriously? What customer service??? They never offer any assistance and when you ask them any type of question they just look at you like you're an idiot or like you are bothering them. This happens every time I go in there! Whether it be me or someone else who is asking a question. The associates act as if they could care less and are not helpful in any way.
5	The only place where movies are the most important thing in the world. A legitimate 1990's dingy poorly lit video rental store. Amazing!
4	I just called looking for older movies and customer service was great and they are holding the movies for me!!
5	Superstar Video was there when home video began (I remember when they had a Betamax section), and it'll be there when it ends!
4	Oh thank goodness there remains an actual video store amid a tech-driven apocalypse! Reminds me of the neighborhood store I worked in as a teenager, offering good prices and an eclectic selection.
4	Thank goodness for the only local video store I know about - when redbox or Netflix won't cut it.  Wish there were more of these mom and pop shops. On the downside, they open at 10:00a but every time I go they open late so not sure what's the story with that on a time management perspective.
