3	I'd say this is a pretty good Off Broadway, but I was disappointed in the boot selection.  I felt like there was a lot more cheap looking, pointy toe, heeled boots and not enough cute flat ones.  I did find a very cute pair of gray suede Franco Sarto heels for a great price, so it wasn't all bad.
4	I highly enjoyed my visit to Off Broadway Shoes. Let's do a visualisation exercise: Here you are. It's mid-August. You're looking for a pair of "bone-colored" heels, appropriate for a September wedding, in which you're a bridesmaid. You've already tried all the department stores, the outlets, the discounts even (Payless! How you failed me!) and come up with a big fat zero. Enter Off Broadway Shoes. Lovely shoes galore. I honestly had to restrain myself and force myself to focus on the mission. In the end, I found two suitable pairs of shoes- not just appropriate for the wedding, but I honestly adored both pairs. One pair was nearly $60. The other was on clearance for $10. That's right, I said sexy classy heels for TEN BUCKS. You know I bought them both. You know- just in case the bride didn't like the one pair, I had backup, right? Well, that's my story and I'm sticking to it. To top it off, when I went to check out I earned a discount on my next purchase. It's not like I really *need* more new shoes- but I might as well use this coupon, right?? ;)
4	I'm a pretty simple guy when it comes to shoes. I usually need a new pair each year, and I know what I'm looking for. Back in NY I used to always go to DSW but have been unable to find one down here. Fortunately I stumbled across Off Broadway Shoes which is like DSW enough to warrant my business.There is a huge selection of mens shoes and sneakers, and all at decent prices. There's also a huge clearance section if you happen to be a bargain shopper. For me, the layout of the store, the selection and the price make it easy for me to run in, find what I'm looking for and then leave with my purchase in a relatively short amount of time. Until a DSW opens a store closer to us this is where I'll be getting my shoes and sandles shopping on.
3	Ahh, the daunting task of looking for a basic, no frills pair of riding boots.  I stopped in here today, since I couldn't find anything I liked at neighboring Northlake Mall.I've been in here a couple of times before & first impression is, this place is huge! They have pretty well-known brands, as well as other unknown ones.  The prices are pretty reasonable & thankfully, everything is neat & organized.  Luckily, the shoes are below their displays, so you're able to help yourself.  If you do need additional help, there are several friendly employees floating around.They also carry handbags & socks, should you need any of those items while you're shopping for shoes.
3	Average shoes for average prices.  They won't have the shoes you wanted, but maybe they'll have the shoes you'll settle for.
