4	Wow! Another new truck in the Vegas street food scene. Awesomeness! I was able to try them at the last event of Yelp Geeks Out. I ordered the Milwaukee and it was pretty good. Lots of flavor from the grilled onions and the mustard. I also loved the fries, I'm guessing they hand cut them from the potatoes. And if not, I still love the fact the potato skin is left on, which adds to the texture contrast. This truck has the same concept as Haulin' Balls, but with sausages. From trying both, I would definitely have to say I'd prefer these sausages over balls. Hahaha! Can't wait to come back and try the other sausages they have to offer.
4	Being a straight male, I am not into Sausagefests. That could be fun for you ladies that roam Vegas in packs, or you gay guys looking for a cruising selection.Actually, speaking of Cruisin the Sausagefest, that is exactly what this is, a Food truck, named Sausagefest, cruisin downtown, looking for wiener eaters!  It is only about a month in business, and when I saw it, it was parked right in front of the wiener cart on Fremont street. I don't think Fabian of the Cheffini's cart liked that. In the Sauagefest, Oliver runs the truck, and had his cook heat up the wieners for you. They serve eclectic Asian fusion type dogs, pretty good flavors to mix with that round steak to stuff in your mouth. Like Curry flavored, Italian, Langunisa Banh Mi, or other eclectic ethnic flaves, sauces and ingredients.  It was pretty darn good. And like most late night food trucks, they get a lot of good reviews, people love them. Why? Because reviewers are usually drunk out of their minds and anything tastes great! But these really do, even sober!
4	Finally tracked down Sausagefest at StrEATs. Originally, from Chicago's southside, we put the Polish and Hot Italian to the test. Both measured up! The Vietnamese rolls untraditional, but they totally work. It's a great bun to meat ratio. It's soft and chewy yet strong enough to hold all the tasty bites inside. The fries are skin on and fried crisp just like we could get back home, too. Rock on, Sausagefest! We'll be back for more.
4	Disclaimer: I'm rating this establishment as a food truck.  Of course it can't compare to certain establishments that offer a dine-in experience, but the food is excellent for the price (You can get a very satisfying meal for less than 10 bucks), so I'm rating it as such. Things such as schedules become really important to me so that I can adequately track down the truck and plan to go if I'm in the area on a particular day.Review:Sausagefest.  It's the 1:30AM phenomena that happens to a good majority of clubs on the Strip.  As a straight male, it's when all the eye candy leaves the club, and all that's left in the club are a bunch of drunk dudes that push and shove as they try to find out where all the girls are.While not a fan of the name of the truck, it's definitely a place that has great sausages.  Oliver says that all his sausages are made by a German shop in LA and has them shipped over. (He's right, I haven't really found any exceptional fresh made sausages from the local meat shops here.) But wait, it's not just the sausages, it's the extra toppings that make them even more amazing.Example: The Bollywood: Take a nice fresh chewy bun, put a sausage in it, top with ground beef curry and raita.  Yeah, it looks like it could kill you, but it gives your tastebuds life.  I assure you that even though it looks like a chilidog gone wrong, it tastes much better than a chilidog.Other sandwiches I've tried are the Bahn Min (really good, one of their signature dishes), and the Italian job (also good.)Fries are pretty good too.  They're the skin-on type fries.Does the food keep well if it's take-out?  It does reasonably well for trips less than 10 minutes (actually tested).  Fries, not so good (but they're pretty hard to keep in prime condition, no matter who's serving them).  They come in Styrofoam boxes if you order it to go.My only real gripe about this truck is that scheduling is a bit haphazard.  You basically find out about where it's going to be probably 2-3 hours before they're there (if you're lucky you get overnight notice).  Not ideal for planning. (-1 star here.  If they correct, they can earn it back!!!)
4	These guys dish up sausage that would make Linda Lovelace blush. & OK, I'll just come out and say it...I Love Sausage. There...now that that's out of the way.I caught the truck a while back for the first time during lunch hours just as they were setting up. As far as the truck goes...well, it's a food truck. Not much going on. They hit up the StrEATs parking lot across from El Cortez during lunch hours some days. It's right next to my building which is super convenient for me.These guys really serve up a quality product. The sausage as previously mentioned is huge. This thing can only be adequately handled by a french bagguette bun.I opted for the Polish with grilled onions, kraut, and a little fresh onion on top with a good spicy brown mustard and some hot sauce.Wow. Great black & red pepper flavor to it without being too spicy. Very filling. I don't think I would ever need a combo meal there. Just the sandwich is good for me.I did get the combo the first time, not knowing how big this John Holmes inspired meal was going to be.As I recall it came with some fries and some sort of mayo based side. Mac salad probably like most of the trucks do. (Are they co-op buying that stuff?)The only reason I won't give it 5 stars is that it's a little bit pricey considering I don't want the combo really. I just want the sausage. I think I remember paying $8 for the combo & I wasn't even that hungry at the time.If you want the fries it's probably right up your alley, but when I'm getting something like this i just want to carry & eat on the go. I don't want the styro container to contend with. I'm gonna hit it up again and see if I can get just the sausage.& I'll try more of the menu & decide how this place really measures up.
4	We were lucky that these guys were the ones that were serving up the grinds at last nights event at The Royal House. It smelled amazing.After a few drinks we needed something to absorb the booze so we walk outsideand order up some italian sausage with onions and peppers and an order of chorizo french fries. The sausage was pretty good but the fries..well thats a whole different story. They were amazing. Perfect shoe string fries covered in an amazing sauce. They were so good.I have to find this truck again..soon..just so I can eat those fries again.
4	Do you like the sauseeege?! If so this is a great food choice, you have to follow these food trucks on twitter or Facebook or you'll never find them. Half of the venture is finding them, the other half is the great food. The customer service was awesome!! The chorizo fries are awesome!!!
3	Gave this place a try at work a few weeks back, wanted to give it a try and feel like I possibly choose the wrong sausage to give a real try.  Ordered the 'lunch special' 1/2 chicken sausage and fries.  It was reasonably priced (been to long to remember exactly how much, but hey they brought it to the door at work!)Chicken sausage with onions and green bell peppers on a bun, but just seemed to be lacking flavor.  Looking back chicken doesn't have a lot of flavor, unless it's added I don't feel there was much added but the casing in this instance. Fries were a bit to greasy and lacking salt...but I've decided I'll give em another try based on the reviews and the rave from my fellow co-workers who have tried more than I from this truck and were very pleased.  Looking forward to giving them another try in two weeks!
5	Every time I see this truck I want to try something different, but at the end of the day I get the Longunisa Banh mi.Vietnamese style bun that's stuffed with the filipino sausage longunisa with the traditional bahn mi accompaniments of pickled radish and carrots, cilantro, and spicy peppers. Spread with a spicy chili sauce. Bomb. The owners are really cool guys and have done a great job tearing up the social media to advertise their truck. Whenever I see this truck around, I always order something.
4	i tried the Longunisa Bahn Mi today at a food truck meet up at Tommy Rockers. I was torn between that and the Sonora but a person who may have the owner picked for and he was spot on. I may not be Asian but my belly is! The sausage was delicious and the bun was awesome. Some chili paste and jalapenos were tasty and not too hot as i thought it was going to be, which i was fine with. The ranch fries were very tasty. FRESH CUT FRIES with some ranch seasoning..Yeah Buddy! Love fresh cut fries.
4	We ran into this truck at the Foodie Fest over the weekend.  We tried the vegan sausage with peppers, onions and mustard.  It was just as expected, nothing fancy but we're greatful that they recognize that not everyone eats meat.  I did really enjoy the bread.  It was fresh, soft and the perfect size for the fillings.
4	I love sausage! ;^)SITREPHaha!  And obviously I'm referring to the products of the Sausagefest Food Truck (I hope!).  Meeting some local Yelpers the night before at Yelp's Fremont Street Experience, I had a hankering to go back the next night to Fremont Street and take in more of the local sights since I pretty much stayed put the night before where our Yelp party was.  And boy am I glad I went out the next night.SETUPLike most Food Trucks, they employ at best a very random schedule that takes them all over Las Vegas (to maximize their coverage - and possibly avoid violating local ordiances requiring a food truck to not stay in one location for more than 60-90 minutes.As luck would have it, the Sausagefest Food Truck was making the rounds and I was able to catch it, and grab a great sausage with grilled onions and peppers.  Along with some fries we were looking at only $9.  Well worth it just to have something different and not associated with a Casino buffet for a change.PRODUCT DISTRIBUTIONThe vendor told me that they actually get their links from L.A. and they are delivered to them.  I can believe that since their spiciness rating from my tastebuds puts them on par with some of the best links I've had in L.A. when hitting the clubs their in Hollywood.I wasn't too crazy about the soggy fries, but that is just one thing mediocre amongst so many things done right.  A solid 4-Star experience.THE LOWDOWNThe Sausagefest Food Truck is a great local tradition here in Las Vegas!
4	I first had Sausagefest at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest @ The SIlverton. It was so tasty and had so much flavor that we went back for 2nds.Now I follow them on Facebook to find out when and where they will be next!I just wished they came to the Summerlin area because we would be in heaven.Our sausages were $6 each and had what looked like maybe sauteed celery and onions?!?! Either way it was just yummy flavor.I recommend following Sausagefest on either Facebook or ( I don't tweet) twitter so if you haven't tried them you can give them a try and see for yourself.
4	Across the land there is food being made in large, brightly colored trucks with hardly a vegetable to be seen.  This vegetarian girl wanders from truck to truck, hoping to find something to tame her hunger but she finds disappointment more often than tasty, meat-free food.  Until one day, a beacon of light shone by a bar and led her to: Sausagefest.Ok, I may be a bit dramatic, but it's hella tough for this veg girl to get some meat-free food truck goods.  So imagine my surprise when this meat-heavy Sausagefest truck showed up at Tenaya Creek Brewery and served up not only a veg-friendly sausage- but a vegan one!  And better yet- they had two flavors!So they may just be Field Roast vegan sausages but that is perfectly ok with me.  They are high-quality, full of flavor, and ready to take on whatever toppings you choose.  My husband had the Tenaya Creek Special, which had a Sage Apple sausage, sauerkraut, grilled onions, and grain mustard.  The regular version of this also comes with bacon (we of course nixed) and is cooked in Tenaya Creek's Calico Brown Ale.  I'm not sure if the vegan version is cooked in beer too since I only took a small bite of his to try.  It's very good, but I've just never been a sauerkraut fan.I got the Smokey Robinson (without bacon).  It has a spicy Chipotle sausage with barbeque sauce and grilled onions.  It's also supposed to have cheese, but I think they left it off of mine to keep it vegan which I thought was thoughtful.  Since I'm not vegan and pretty obsessed with cheese, I think next time I'll specifically ask them to leave it on.The bread for these sandwiches is great- a nice doughy inside with a slight crust on the outside and it's perfect for holding all the ingredients of your sandwich in place.  Also, the fries are a great deal (only $1 extra) and really tasty.  I only wish they offered bigger containers for ketchup.Don't worry, meat eaters, Sausagefest was popular with everyone I saw, so you should give them a try too.The employees (or owners?) are friendly, the food is good, and they are veg-friendly!  Peace and harmony has finally reached the land of food trucks!Note to vegans:  There is a $1 surcharge for vegan sausages.  Also, please check to make sure the bread is vegan before ordering (I forgot to ask).
3	Tried this at the Foodie Fest!  Overall a decent choice.I forgot what I ordered, but it was essentially a sausage wrapped in bacon, which had a nice crispness to the dog.  This was worth a 4 star.But we also tried the chorizo fries and it was very dry...not very fresh tasting at all.  All the oil was dried up, and it seemed like a dry topping almost...this is what brought the review down to a 3.  I don't know how you can mess up chorizo, but this wasn't the way I expected it.I'd skip the fries and go for the other options next time around.  You would probably have a much better experience.
3	A lot of us at work have been making fun of the name Sausagefest.  It is a rather amusing choice for a name, although some people are offended enough to not want to try the place!  Anyways, I was only brave enough to try the hot dog and fries. They were hot and tasted fine. I enjoyed the fries in particular. (BTW: Someone's review mentioned fishy tasting fries. Mine didn't taste fishy, but I've heard others at my job mention it from time to time, and someone said they're supposed to taste that way. I"ve never heard of such a thing and don't think I want to taste it!)
4	I've always smelt goodness walking to and fro in between classes, but never stopped to get lunch at the food trucks in the UNLV's free speech area.... Until Today! I walked out of class and found people with food truck lunchwares and saw sausages, fries, a table of condiments... I wasn't hungry, hungry so I opted for some Chorizo Fries (without sour cream) and was delighted to find yummy-chorizo-burrito flavored fries ! I managed to scarf the whole thing down before I even thought to take a picture :(Looks like its a must-try with their sandwiches next time they're around.
2	Saw this fun looking food truck parked outside the entrance to the convention center while I was attending the NAB show a few days ago. Decided to give it a shot for a quick bite as I had little time running back and forth between client meetings.Holy crap are they kidding me? All sandwiches were $10? Are we being held hostage here or what? I have to admit the Milwaukee Brat sandwich was pretty tasty but it was not all that large and not worth ten bucks. All drinks were $4 so for a brat and something to wash it down with was $14! If I would have gotten regular or ranch fries it would have been another $3. Yikes!I'm all for free enterprise and everything but why did my butt hurt when I walked away from this truck?
5	Sausagefest is a great food truck!! I love their Chicago Polish and the Sausage and Peppers. Also make sure you order the ranch fries; all they do is put Hidden Valley powder on them, but they are to die for! The customer service here is top notch. My first visit to this truck was lacking, and Jynx apologized for the 30 minute wait and gave me a free soda. Can't beat that. Good sausages, great prices, superior customer service. This is a must for all.
3	Tried Sausagefest for the second time this past weekend. The first time I found them at a fundraising event and ordered the Milwaukee Brat... YUM.. Nice brat topped with sauerkraut and served on a fresh toasted roll. Saturday, they were at Greenfest.. I wanted to change it up and they recommended the Baja Chicken. Chicken sausage topped with chipotle sauce and avocado. Unfortunately the sausage was overcooked and very dry. The chipotle sauce was very flavorful so it made eating the sausage a bit better, but it was then served on an average bun... nothing like before... or so it seemed like it. It was served with a side of fries, which I wish there were more.. Fresh with skin on the outside, crisp and soft on the inside.. We'll be sure and try them again and something new the next time I see then truck!
1	I had high hopes for this sausage truck but they definitely did not deliver! My overall experienced can be summed up in one word, bland. Seriously nothing special really. I honestly can say I could whip up better dogs in my own kitchen with my sausage stuffer!....Coming from California where i have had food trucks galore in both San Francisco and LA, this truck would not survive...there is simply no wow factor.
5	I'm sold! Got to try this truck at the 2013 Las Vegas Foodie Fest even though it initially was never on my radar.  Casually passing by, I noticed that aside from the obvious meat options, they also had veggie sausages for sale too.  Now, it's very rare that I find a veggie sausage to be somewhat of a departure from the usual soy- or gardein- tasting fake meat.  But, after watching a few people come back asking if their veggie sausage was really veggie or if someone in the truck jumbled their order and having the gentleman out front confirm that it actually was veggie by the look of the sausage, I was intrigued.  So I ponied up some money ($8, I believe) and ventured to try out the vegetarian sausage.  I had the Mexican Chipotle sausage "S & P" style with grilled onions and peppers and I was pleasantly surprised.  Retrospectively, I should have taken a picture of my sausage sandwich but it was so good that I just kept eating and forgot.  It was pretty tasty that I would go out to say that this was the best meal I had at the Foodie Fest this year.  Simply yums.  Yeah, it was a little pricey.. but the veggie option here cannot be outdone.  Not sure how the regular sausages taste, but the veggie sausage sure is a treat.  Nice job, guys!  See you around UNLV if I'm ever in the area.
1	Soggy fries and burnt franks. How do you manage that? Good thing they give such tiny portions so we don't have to feel guity about wasting much food by tossing it in the trash. That was a pretty insulting $7 spent. Go to 7-11 instead and get a spicy bite in 20 seconds instead of waiting in front of this crapdog truck for 20 minutes.
4	I am generally not a food truck person because I don't like standing in a long line to order food that you then have to balance on your lap or eat in your car.  There was a bit of a change yesterday when I tried the Sausagefest truck at the Ugly Sweater run in downtown Las Vegas.  There was no line and I could bring my sandwich back to an area where there were some seats and be comfortable eating.I walked over to the truck after fellow Yelper Edwin P. walked over.  I was looking at the menu boards when the gentleman said they had a breakfast burrito.  I looked at the filling and decided that would be it.  He gave me a choice of chorizo, bacon, or half bacon - half chorizo.  I went with the 1/2 and 1/2 option.In a short time, my burrito was handed to me.  It was quite large and it was very hot!  The burrito was filled with scrambled eggs, potatoes, onions, cheese, peppers and both chorizo and bacon.  I had asked for it spicy and the sauce they used was spicy although I could have walked back and gotten some Sriracha.The sandwich was very tasty and very filling.  I will look for the truck at CES where he'll be out front.  It will give me a chance to try something different.
4	I love it when food trucks come to UNLV because that means I can easily walk outside the library to grab something tasty. The Sausagefest food truck has been on campus for awhile. Yes, the name is suggestive, but the food is good. One day I had the baja chicken sandwich meal and another day I had a longanisa banh mi sandwich meal. A sandwich, regular cut fries, and a drink currently costs $9. They also have a card that's "Buy 9 meals, get 1 meal free!" and you can purchase a meal either at the Sausagefest food truck or their sibling truck, Tacofest for it to count.baja chicken - baja chicken sausage, avocado, tomato, onion, chipotle salsalonganisa banh mi - longanisa (Filipino sausage), carrot, daikon, cucumber, jalapeno, cilantro, chili paste, mayoI feel like there's too much bread/too little sausage in the sausage-bread ratio, but the food is delicious and I'm left full afterward.
5	Five star for a food truck.  Love the sausage and fries. Food, service, and experience all melded together for great experience.  I had the polish with fries and it met the expectations like the old Chi Town feel. The buns and fries were excellent. The sausage was thumbs up.  I will definitely return for more when I'm in Vegas.
4	I tried Sausagefest at last year's AFAN's AIDS Walk, but wasn't really impressed with my selection. I don't recall what I had, but I just remember that it was underwhelming. After the Ugly Sweater Run, I was hungry and still had my beer in hand so I figured I should get something to eat. After reviewing their menu, I was intrigued to give it another whirl.I went with the Mexicali ($7) which has a bacon wrapped beef hot dog, chorizo, cheese, tomato, onion, mayo, and mustard. It's served with fresh cut fries. Really good flavor and completely satisfying. I also tried their special, Pulled Pork Fries ($6), made with 12-hour smoked pork, cheese, BBQ sauce, sriracha aioli, cilantro, and onions. Good stuff! I love all the flavors in both selections. The dog is pretty pricey, but I'd much rather have this type of food at festivals, etc than stadium food! The guys were also really friendly and helpful with selections. It's a worthwhile choice for a food truck!
1	And they are lucky to get one star! I ordered a Chicago style dog, it came with grilled onions and grilled peppers. OK, well I guess they have never been to Chicago! Well I guess I'll roll with it, so I went back up and asked if I could get a little sauerkraut. The guy said sure and started to reach for it when the super friendly female worker (sarcasm) said, "no that makes it an $8 hot dog!" seriously, for 10 cents of sauerkraut? I said "well this really isn't a Chicago dog"  she said "too bad, it's what you asked for" really? At this point I just asked for my $7 back which she was more than happy to give. Advice to this Roach Coach... If you are going to sell something called a Chicago dog wiki it at least, second if someone wants 10 cents of a hot dog topping on a $7 hot dog, it's FREE.
3	We went to the Brews & Blues Festival at the Springs Preserve (an awesome event, BTW) and decided to grab a bite to soak up some of our beers. Although there were several food vendors to choose from, the Sausagefest menu was most appealing.My husband had the Smokey Robinson, which is a hot link with bacon, cheese, and BBQ sauce. A little too much sauce, but that was one tasty sausage. I wasn't as impressed with my bahn mi sausage. The longanisa was fine, but there wasn't enough of the toppings (cucumber, daikon, and carrots) to give it much flavor. We both enjoyed the crunchy rolls the sausages were served in, but we didn't care for the bland, overcooked fries we ordered as a side.I'd give this place a lower grade except service was friendly and super fast, and the prices weren't bad for a food truck ($7 per sausage). If you see the Sausagefest truck rolling your way, stick with the Smokey (or maybe the Mexicali, which looked good as well), and avoid the fries.
5	I love love love the Chipotle Fries.   This truck was a t my work for a few hours, and I ended up going back to get another order of the fries.   The Chorizo is so good on the salty fries.  The texture of the meat is more like bacon, but taste is still very Chorizo.The lady up front was very nice.  She handled the large crowd and multiple orders in a nice timely manner. My co-workers all had chicken tenders and fries and they loved their food as well. Thanks!
4	These guys were at the opening of downtown summerlin and the menu looked good so figured I'd give it a shot. Ordered the banh mi sausage and really enjoyed it. Very interesting take on banh mi that I thought worked. Ingredients were fresh and flavors all went together really well. Fresh cilantro, cucumber, sausage, sriracha (sp?). Worked for me. Also, they screwed up my order resulting in a really long wait, but they really turned what was a bad experience into a win for them... Comped the meal and really seemed sorry that it happened. Said they didn't have an excuse and they hoped I'd give them another shot. Well I will next time I see y'all.
