5	Jim is the best for customer service. He makes you feel like you are his only customer even if it is busy. For quality this place can't be beat.
5	They are the best out there. Quick and friendly. Will definitely be using them again!!
1	First off, I NEVER right reviews unless it's positive. Since I am a small business owner and work in customer service, I know the impact of word of mouth. Let me just say Meineke gave me the worst service I've received in my year and a half since moving to NC. First visit, a mechanic talked me out of getting my brakes repaired after I came in expressing concern about a grinding deeling I experience when I back up. Nothing is wrong, its just the brakes adjusting after it rains he said. Your brake pads & shoes have 40% left he said. A month later I was at Lexus getting my shoes AND rotors replaced. AND was told the front had 5% wear left... and like an idiot, I returned fir my last free oil change (2 free preferred oil changes from Groupon). From the beginning I should've turned around. I came in expressing I ONLY want my preferred oil change because they dropped the ball on the brakes. After explaining the last situation, there was no offer to rectify the matter in any way. A mechanic doing the oil change brought me to the back to show me my front brakes like I didn't just tell him what he was telling me. Then told me I need an air filter. Smh. Simple quick fix. I tell him to add it. Can't mess that up right? Wrong. It took an extra 35 mins to add the add filter. Then I get my bill and see they've only done a BASIC oil change. No topping of fluids, no rotating of my tires... so I ask what oil change did you do? The mechanic says Basic. And I asked, what does the Groupon say? He says Preferred. And I said, my car requires a synthetic blend. And what happened to my tired rotation? The mechanic said oh we rotated the tires too; I watched him do it. Everything that should've been done is handled miss. I go outside, and the same chalk marking that was there on my left rear tire, is still there, on the left rear. Smh. I was already late for my next appointment and beyond sick of this ordeal so I left. And the ENTIRE time this disaster is happening, the store manager is periodically coming out to greet everyone who comes in EXCEPT me. He hears my complaint, and NEVER comes out to at least apologize for any inconvenience. I just pray their basic oil change doesn't harm my engine. I will never in life return to nor will I recommend Meineke as a company to trust your car with!
2	Purchased the living social for two oil changes and tire rotation. The first one went great- they did an overall inspection and told me about a few things on my car that would need some attention in the future (included on a written report). He did try to get me to get a couple additional services for an astronomical price, but I passed. Today, I went in for my appointment for my second oil change & tire rotation. I also opted to have my power steering fluid flushed as they had previously recommended- which cost $60. After 1 hour, they told me my car was ready-awesome! I didn't get the same 29 point inspection report that I had gotten last time- but that was ok with me since they seemed to be super busy and I pretty much just got a free oil change and tire rotation. Got in my car and checked the menu. They hadn't reset my oil percentage like they did last time (no big deal though) but my tire PSI values were all reading the same (I went in with one low tire and I was aware which one it was). I walked back in and asked the guy if my tires had been rotated. He grabbed my receipt and highlighted where it said "Tire Rotation". I can read, thanks. I kindly told him that my tire pressures were the same as when I walked in and the low tire was in the same location. He said he would check with his technician. Comes back a minute later and asks for my keys. No, they did not rotate the tires even though it stated they did on my receipt. They said sorry, rotated the tires, but didn't even put any air in the one that was low. If they were too busy to do their job right, they should have rescheduled some appointments. My issue is that since they lied once, I really have no idea if they did the oil change & fluid flush correctly (or at all for that matter). It also wouldn't have been that big of an issue if the guy at the counter wasn't so cocky highlighting my receipt and instead check with his technician first. Just because I am a young female doesn't mean I am stupid and can be taken advantage of. I will NOT be returning to this location.The only reason I am giving them two stars is because my first experience was somewhat pleasant.
