5	Why is is that stall vendors and street food vendors make the best food ever ? By that I mean, it is uncomplicated, inexpensive, delicious and delightful and owners and servers are always cheerful, helpful and just downright awesome.I confess...I am not a Montrealais, which does not mean that by nature I do not enjoy food. In fact of the matter is I like to graze...kind like a vache Quebecoise! Satay Brothers is another little place, dear in my heart now that I've discovered it ...and shamefully so because I do not live the cosmopolitan and incroyable city of Montreal year around...but just visit and return year after year as it is becoming my favourite destination in North America.Let me cut to the chase...stand in line...just be patient and you will be rewarded with some of the finest southeast asian specialties like satay skewers...there is also a satay of the day...like Pork or chicken, whichever..there is also a fabulous entree soup called Laksa Lemak, spiced to your liking...my friend Michelle got ten spoons of sambal in hers but she is crazily adventurous and likes her mouth to be set on fire.There are also delightful little steamed buns, with various fillings...the day I visited was pork. In addition there are a handful of deserts but just as a heads up, they sell out quickly...and last but not least there is the popular fresh papaya salad.So when in the Atwater market area, try something new and support local merchants and these delightful people (owners are brothers Alex and Mat).The line is less long in early afternoon like 2 pm however, they are more likely to have run out of some of their dishes by then. They are very swift with some dishes while others take a little longer and patience it shall be rewarded :) FYI, they are closed on Tuesday and Wednesday for well deserved days off. A bientot chers Amis, your friend, Antoine.
4	Pretty damn good stuff. Probably best hot food in the Atwater market. The dudes there were edgy, which was offsettling and intriguing. I don't want to encourage it, but whatever. Keep it up fellas.
5	Satay Brothers is the best food I have had in Montreal. Full Stop. Run by two Asian-Polish brothers Matt and Alex who grew up in the hood and know what food needs to be and what is missing from Montreal eats.They source their meat from the local butcher and use the freshest ingredients. They operate a tight ship of flavor that will have you addicted upon first taste. I remember coming in for the first day this 2012 season and bought the chicken satay (which comes with marinated cucumbers and a to-die-for nut sauce), and Alex gave me a sampling of their Laksa soup. I sat down and was in no way prepared for the intsta-foodboner (WHICH HAS YET TO SUBSIDE ON MULTIPLE VISITS). Since I live in the hood I come fairly often, and not just because Alex has a charm no one can escape. Their satays change depending on the day (chicken, pork, shrimp). If you're really hungry go for the papaya salad that is a perfect addition of crunch and acid for the satay. I've never had the steamed pork bun but my friend did and he loved it. If only I wasn't gluten free I would eat their whole menu... in one go. Plus, they have a staff of some of the cutest guys in the hood. I don't mind. The thought of them opening a resto makes my whole body full of mini explosions in anticipation. Go here! Wait in the crazy line! Just do it. Honestly, it's worth it. So worth it. Plus, what else are you gonna eat? Carbs and carbs?
4	The Satay brothers are bringing to Montreal the tastes and flavours of what they were brought up on - their south-east Asian background. Major points for having their mom in the kitchen for the summer making sure that what they're putting out has the official mom "stamp of approval". Sharing with the Atwater Market and at the same time, transporting me back to a place where if I closed my eyes, I could swear I was 15,000kms away is an accomplishment in itself... up until my bubble was popped by hearing some guy yell out "AWAYE ostie", because I was standing there like an idiot, eyes closed in front of his car as he was trying to park.
3	Pricey for small portions, but food is pretty good.The satay skewers are small for the cost.  The dark meat chicken was nicely marinated and very juicy.  Pork belly buns were good, but also a bit pricey for the size.It was my first time having laksa and I will be hunting this dish down again somewhere.  This was my favorite dish at Satay Brothers.I liked all the food I had from Satay Brothers, but portion sizes compared to cost are my only complaint.
5	I go to this place once a week...and it is because it is awesome. Atwater market provides an absolutely great atmosphere,the brothers Matt and Alex are super nice..and the food is amazing. I try to have something different each time..they have a set menu and a weekly menu (everything is good!)Cash only and be ready to wait a few minutes because there is almost always a line up (but worth the wait ;) )
5	The food here is so delicious! I've never been disappointed ordering a meal or a snack from this joint. The food is always super fresh and extremely tasty. I've south Asian cuisine, and this is probably my favorite place to get it. The soup is very good, the sandwiches are great and they satays are great. The service is one thing that I would call almost restaurant like, you order find a table, and before you know it your food it right there in front of you to dig it to.
4	We went to Satay Brothers for takeout in September and it was fantastic!The mee rebus soup is quite possibly the best Asian soup in town!
5	This location is outdoors and closes during the winter, but now you can find them even when it's cold out, indoors at their newly renovated 20 seat resto in St Henri!! http://www.yelp.ca/biz/satay-brothers-winter-location-montreal
4	The Satay Bros are serving up some of the best south-east Asian fare here in Montreal, one of the few things I missed once I left the Pacific Rim. Their stall is in the busy Atwater market during the warm seasons and line-ups are generally long.I ordered a couple of pork satays, their grilled pork sandwich and the gado-gado salad.First, their satays were grilled to perfection. Very juicy and as requested, extra spicy. Homemade peanut sauce was a nice touch. The pork sandwich was good, but far to small to justify the $6.95 I paid for it. The gado-gado salad was awesome to cool yourself on a hot, humid summer day.
4	Straightforward, no-frills good eats. Tasty buns and green papaya salad. Easy, low-key vibe. Cute boys, too :)
5	I love me some brothers. How not to? They are outgoing funny and real. I rely on these boys and occasional girl to feed me at least twice a week.My preferred menu is the following:2x coco pure drank in quick succession6 sticks, anything but shrimp Gado gado, extra sauceKueh salatOnly down side is the wait but I am cool with that.
4	The line-up is worth it. Trust me! Perfect spot for a quick and light lunch after biking on the Canal or before running some errands at the market. The steamed pork buns are amazing. We also tried the satay sandwich which was sweet and savory and a fresh salad. The servings are small so perfect for snacking, or take a few if you're super hungry!
4	I brought my Malaysian/Singaporean parents to check out Satay Brothers, their first observation, no Malaysian/Singaporean cooking satays? Nope, just a bunch of Caucasian boys. We ordered; the buns, the Laksa, green papaya salad, chicken satays. The verdict from my parents: 2 thumbs up! They even went back for seconds, the guy was nice enough to let me parents try the Pandan sticky rice complimentary. I looove Pandan, so it was a winner for me! My parents has lived in Quebec for 30 years and now they can get a little taste of home. C'est beau les boys!
5	I have been going to the Satay Brothers all summer and I was never disappointed. The food is always fresh and tasty and the staff is super friendly, always talking and joking with customers. I generally have the green papaya salad and the tofu buns but the satays are also (obviously) excellent. The only downside is that the prices are a bit high for the size of the portions (around 14$ for small salad and buns). Still, it is definitely one of the best south-east Asiand food in Montreal. Must try!
4	Great place to stop for a bite at the Atwater market! The people behind the counter are always fun to talk to and service is always with a smile. There is usually a line up but worth the wait. Had the tofu buns with niki papaya salad witch was incredible. The chilies pack punch so if u can't take the heat move them aside.
5	The menu is short. But all seven orders we had were delicious. The line is long. But really worth the wait. The boys are all tattooed. But they are really nice and cool and real and cook good food. Going back again is a sure thing.
3	I visited Montreal for the first time. I got craving for THAI papaya salad for some reasons, and went to Satay Brothers to try out based on reviews from Yelp! Honestly, it was not that good. The papaya salad was too sour and the kebab was burnt. I also got laksa, which tasted just fine and the green pandan/sticky rice was not as expected, quite chalky (if it even makes sense^_^). It was nice experience though because the store is located in the Marche Atwater. It was quite pricey and the line was quite long. Worth trying for the experience though
5	Setting the bar pretty high for good food in general. The Laksa Lemak is crazy good! Great staff, very helpful. Try a sandwich! You'll love it!
4	Was looking for Laksa all over town and finally found it by accident on a bike ride to Atwater market.And it only got better, the laksa was really good, though not enough soup and a bit too creamy. The pork buns were the best i've ever had very comparable the Momofuku's nyc.The satay was great. The peanut sauce was a little too sweet. Problem with Montreal street food Is that it's as pricy as normal restaurants because there's isn't enough for competitive price.
