2	Since Basha is supposed to be a fast-food type restaurant, it was nice to see that there was a good sit-down section, like in a traditional restaurant. However, the speed of the service turned the fast-food into slow food. The waitress was nice enough, but there was only one of her, and many hungry patrons. The food is standard fare Montreal Lebanese fast food. We ordered some wine with our lunch (what can I say, I'm European!). Since we didn't want to be drunk getting back to work, we ordered the only wine which was available as a 1/2 bottle. It was terrible! All in all, there are much better restos in the area which are much better and cheaper, though often without the liquor license (try Chinatown, right close by). If you must have Lebanese food in the area, this is one of the only places to go.
4	I had chicken shawra twice at Basha Montreal Trust. I must say the second time I had it was really good for the price they are charging. A piece of advice, better go there around noon time when it is fresh and not too dry.
1	This Lebanese restaurant we gave a chance because it was convenient and we were pressed for time.  This is a half cafeteria half service restaurant underneath the Palais de Congress Montreal.   Whenever you get a gut feeling about a place or something, remember to follow it, with me after a few minutes the waiter that sat us had already rubbed me the wrong way.   This is a half cafeteria half service restaurant underneath the Palais de Congress Montreal.   When we first walked in my parents saw something from the "cafeteria" side that they wanted to order.   When we sat down I guess on the service side, he said he could not bring the food from the cafeteria side ( even thought it was the same food), and that we had to order form that side, I looked at him and he looked like he was almost going to kick us out off that area, so I told him I was gong to order something from the service side, so that made him less grumpy.   So I quickly ordered what was the simplest and basically safest thing off the menu I believe was hard to screw up.  Hummus, fallafel and salad combo, while my parents ordered from the cafeteria side and had to bring it to our side.   15 minutes later my Mom arrived with their food, I watched them eat half their food before I thought I saw my order up on the pick up area of the service side, but I figured with the long wait for something simple they were making it fresh, but no..... I caught them pulling it from the cafeteria side.  So if they pulled food from the cafeteria side, why couldn't they have served my parents food over too?   So in 25 minutes I got my order,  very disappointing, I knew it was going to suck, the falafel was colder than my hummus and salad.   Feels like it has been there for days and dry.   I dunno maybe they do falafel differently, but I have always had fresh falafel out of the fryer or pan, this was like dried out  and 2 days old form the refrigerator, they could have at least tried to fake it and microwave it.   I ate  some of it because we were pressed for time, the hummus was ok so that and the salad I basically finished.   I left 3 out of my 5 falafels untouched to send a message to the waiter and chef.When we left and paid we complained about the food, they were surprised we dared to tell them that in almost disbelief like what do you mean you didn't like it.   Oh well just saying folks..., and letting everyone here know how you guys run.    Oh and what rubbed me with wrong way with the waiter?  When we first walked in we were seating ourselves because nobody greeted us to do so and no sign to wait to be seated.   The guy came rushing out yelling in an irritated manner  at us not to sit where we were about to sit, loud enough to cause attention for all in the restaurant to look, normally I wouldn't give a hoot, but I was with my parents and one of them handicapped and they are very private people who wish no attention brought to them esp with a walker and such.   So I barked back well you better seat us in a spacious place because we need handicapped seating.   This caught him off guard, and his tone changed a little.   Anyways that was the beginning, I understand it's a cultural difference, French Canadian Lebanese trifecta going on here, but hey you should be nicer to customers in any restaurant in any country!
