3	This is a 3 star rating based on similar places. I don't know what The F. is talking about, but having grown up not too far away, and have been to La Belle over 20 times past midnight I can can safely attest to making it out without problems each time. Sure, it's kinda grimy, but in that greasy casse-croute kind of way...and if you visit often they remember you and give you some slightly friendly banter. In the middle of night, of course the more seedy folks will be hanging out, but what the heck do you expect - it's next door to a cheap strip club! I find it similar to any other fast food restaurant open that late.Ok so down to the food: the poutine is my one of my faves, it even made my husband into a believer (in poutine, that is). The burgers are pretty good, and the hot dogs are your standard Montreal-style. You can also get subs (which are good but so bad for you), Greek pitas, club sandwiches, and so on. Stick to the basics and you'll be set. Here's my issue: they can be inconsistent - once there was a gritty potato that made it into my hubby's poutine. It happens when you make fresh cut fries I guess, but they should be more careful. So there you go, get in, get your poutine, and get out - the recipe to success.
1	I used to love this place. This time the spaghetti is crap and the service is shit! Two young people working. I'm sure the other place is better!
1	By far some of the shitest start in history! There's a fat Greek guy that works the graveyard shift. ..what a douchebag, insults customers, gives so much lip.  Pity because place is decent looking and food is relatively pk for a belle pro. This Is how good places go under, by crappy staff thinking they are doing the customer a favor. Ridiculous
1	Worst service!!!!Tried twice and both times I've had the most unpleasant service, the night guys have bad attitude and absolute zero skills with PAYING customers !! It's such a shame cause the place has potential but I wouldn't go back simply because of the bad service.Poutine is good.. That's all I have to say!!
