4	Glad they opened up near the house.  When I need my Chicago "Fix" I stop in here.  Great Hot Dogs,  Italian Beef and Sausage.
3	The Italian Beef was yummy. I'd have to say ask for it dry if you don't like your bread soaked with au juice. Also, the hot peppers were "homemade" and weren't all too tasty, maybe it was a bad batch but it tasted kind of like it had been sitting around too long, or spoiled. Yuck threw them out. People were friendly, and I've heard other good reviews of the hot dogs. So I would try other items next time.
3	This second location for Lukes of Chicago keeps the tradition alive and well on the northeast side of the valley.Lunch at this location can vary; I have been here at 12:30 and walked right up to put in my order, I have been here at 2pm in a line of 8 people. I usually order the chili cheese dog and it's always wonderful and sloppy. Word of caution though, it comes very hot so let that dog cool down a bit before diving in. I also enjoy the fact that many menu items come with fries as they serve a great crinkle cut version.On the downside, I have had my order "lost" once at this location. To their credit it was a very busy lunch rush and it's a small place. Using the old style written tickets means these things can happen if one falls on the floor or gets bundled with someone else's ticket.If you're in Scottsdale and don't want to fuss with the fancy places or typical fast food fodder, give Luke's of Chicago a shot. It's nestled in the strip mall area directly next to Sam's Club/Walmart.
4	Great food trip back to Chicago!  Prices a bit higher than Chi-Town though.  And please get to work on the housekeeping in the seating area--a bit messy and not the most pleasant eating environment.
4	Went there after IM from someone in Chicago said they had a combo for lunch. The craving started: a good Chicago Italian Beef and Sausage combo!!! Since I was only about 10 minutes from Lukes, decided to give them a try.Getting there was easy. Parking: impossible. Luckily, someone pulled out and I got a spot. First look in the place and seeing the photos was pretty cool. But no pics of Sweetness??? Come on now!It's a small joint, exactly like it would be in Chicago. Service was what was to be expected: Place the order, pay and get the meal in less than 5 minutes. The cooking area was what was to be expected also: small quick, real grill. Of course, ordered the Combo, sweet, wet. That was the first test: If they understood, they knew what it meant. For those complaining that the bread was too soggy, order it dry! OK, now to the food review:Sweet peppers: cut a bit too thin, and not enough. What was on was very good.Italian Sausage: a bit on the spicy side, but Very tasty.Italian Beef: Very tasty.Bread: Long, but skinny. Needed to be about 1/2 inch thicker. But, very tasty. Very close to Gonnella. I would give this a thumbs up. Have to go back and try their good Vienna Beef Hot Dogs next!BTW - I was born and raised in Chicago, moved out here in 2005. This is the first place I've found that warrants a thumbs up for Chicago style food! If the owners read: You need a picture of Sweetness up. Richard J also!
1	I try not to review "angry", but I had something happen to me at Luke's yesterday that has never happened to me before. Let me begin by saying that the food at Luke's is really good, i am a semi-regular customer. The Combo sandwich is my favorite, definitely something two people can share. We went for lunch yesterday in a group of four people. The other thing you have to know about Luke's is that it gets busy and there is not a lot of tables. We happened to look at the time as we sat down and noticed the time was 12:01pm. We ate our meals, and just as the last person was finishing the owner came and took our trays. We thought that was nice he is cleaning up for us. The he came back to the table and said "if you guys are going to loiter and talk, there is tables outside. People are waiting for your table" at which point I looked around and noticed that every body was seated at that moment. I haven't been accused of loitering since I was fifteen at the mall food court!  We got up and left, looked at the time, it was 12:19pm. WE WERE THERE FOR 18 MINUTES!!! It's not like we were going to stay much longer as we had to get back to work. I will definitely not be going back to Luke's again just based on the poor attitude the owner displayed yesterday.
4	After a friend of mine (whom is from Chicago), told me to go to this place, I knew they had to live up to a good "Chicago" dog. It was perfect!Everyone who works there is just so sincere and gives great service.
5	I work right around the corner from Luke's, and thank goodness I can get a Chicago Style hot dog and get back within 10 minutes.  I haven't tried anything else on the menu, but then again, why would you?  A Chicago Style and Fries for under $5- a beautiful thing.
3	Decent Italian beef sandwiches.  Probably would not be my first choice if I were actually in Chicago, but for AZ, they are alright.  The beef is very tender and juicy, but the au jus seemed to be lacking in taste.
4	A co-worker of mine is often nostalgic for his Chicago days, and says that Luke's is the closest thing he has found to a Chicago-style hot dog in AZ.  So, on this gorgeous sunny day (how can you miss Chicago on a day like today!?) off we went to satisfy a craving for some Chi-Town goodness.If you can survive the parking lot rodeo that is the shopping area where Luke's is located, you are in for a treat.  Italian sandwiches, subs, burgers and of course, hot dogs.  This place is popular!  The space is small and the line to order can stretch out the door, so get there early if you want a table at lunchtime.I went with "The Original" - a pure beef hot dog with mustard, relish, pickle, and tomato in a poppy seed bun.  It is usually served with onions and peppers as well, but I like to make fresh breath a priority and decided against those.  I don't think there was any room left in the bun, anyway.  My friend had the Maxwell Street - a Polish sausage with onions, peppers and mustard.  It looked pretty tempting, too.  Both came with a side of crinkle-cut fries, which I upgraded to cheese fries in order to get a heart-stopping vat of cheese sauce for dipping.  I am not ashamed to admit that I ended up dipping the hot dog in there too.  So bad, but so good!I am now going to curl up under my desk and take a nap.
3	I went to Scottsdale for Spring training and a bachelor party. Barely made it out alive if it wasn't for Lukes and their tasty Italian beef sandwich. I never had one before but it's pretty much a French dip sandwich with sauteed onions, sweet and hot peppers. I ate it in about three bites. Nice soft French roll dripping with au jus and hot sliced beef layered with peppers and onions. I can't really ask for more. I also had their Chicago style dog but it wasn't as good as Colonel Mustards. I really miss that place. A real gem. It used to be next to the Grand Lake Theatre. I wouldn't even go to Caspars or (Kaspars) when the Colonel was around. Nice soft steamed poppy seed bun with German mustard and a dog that snapped when you bit into it. Hot peppers tomatoes and a pickle to top it off. Makes my mouth water just thinking about it. But................if your looking for Italian beef, Lukes is your place in Scottsdale!
3	Best Chicago Dog I've had in AZ.  From the fluffy bun, the tasty dog, to the crunch of the pickle and relish, I'm sold! Luke's is a regular stop for me when I'm craving a taste of Chicago.
3	I am no expert in italian beefs but i thought this place was pretty mediocre. I know theres's 3 major componets to the italian beef. The bread, beef and giardiniera.I ordered an italian beef with sweet peppers, which i think was the giardiniera but not sure? The bread was alright had a good crunch to it, the beef was moist but pretty bland and the giardiniera was week with little or no flavor. I thought giardiniera was supposed to be spicy with a vinegery bite and was really looking foward to that on the italian beef. On another note I had a bite of my girlfriends chicago dog and thought that was pretty amazing! The hot dog itself was great, natural cased with great flavor. Overall i thought Lukes was pretty good but i would recommend not getting the italian beef. Just stick with the chicago dog.
4	This place has the hot dogs that are closest to Chicago dogs in Arizona. I have visited this place often. I love their fries. The problem for us is consistency. Their food quality is not consistent. Lately, the buns have been hard. The buns are half of a good dog. We have also had their Italian beef. Sometimes it is a bit spicy. You can also buy a pound of beef and a loaf of bread to make it yourself at home.
4	Since I work right down the road from Luke's, I tend to see it a lot when I am roaming around looking for something good to eat for lunch. I have to say up front, I've never had a classic "Chicago" style dog, but I figured I would go in and see whats good. This was about a year ago, and since my first visit, I have been back multiple times. The service is what you would expect for a lunch time crowd. It can get busy, but the staff seems to manage it well. Of the menu, I have tried their chicken fingers, Italian sausages, hamburgers (cooked to order, so you have to wait a little bit) and their Italian beef sandwiches.  All of these items were good.... but nothing compares to the Double Dog, and heres why: They make it exactly how I want it, plain with two slices of provolone cheese melted on top. Amazing! You get fries and a beverage along with it, all for about $8.00. Not to say this is healthy at all, but come on, what Chicago style dish is? The Double Dog keeps me coming back. An Al's Beef is just down the road, but in my experience, Luke's is a better bang for the buck. I also really like that staff is very friendly and likes to strike up conversation. Again, I am no expert when it comes to Chicago beef or whatever...but If your in the area, and want a great meal for a decent price, Luke's gives you just that. No bells and whistles, just good food and a good lunch crowd with sports on to keep you company. I have yet to go in there and have a bad dish, or a bad experience.
4	A few weeks ago I wrote a review on Al's Beef and thought I would do the same taste test with Luke's. We ordered the Italian Beef Combo and the double Red Hots just as we did at Al's.  The beef was tasty and the sausage was great, no surprises just as one would expect. What it wasn't -- cut too thin & a wet mush which is what we had at Al's.  Again, sorry! The Red Hots filled the poppy seed bun and seemed twice as large. The Vienna Beef dogs snapped as you expect and had a really good taste  Yes, they were boiled too, but clearly someone was watching the stove so they wouldn't over cook. Now, in Al's favor their restaurant feels more Chicago-ish, say like a smaller version of Portillos. Luke's is definitely more southside with a lot of Chicago pictures, including 'Bad Rex" Grossman formerly of the "da Bears".The final tally came to just under $14, which seemed more than fair given the quality of the food and the portions.  Enjoy!
4	Luke's is really good.  Been here twice and really enjoy the classic beef sandwich with hot and sweet peppers.This place is definitely worth a try.  The fries are good too.
4	Great Chicago style food.  The fries are the best and the food is only made once you order, so fries are usually fresh from the fryer.  I like to go here for lunch and it is usually difficult to find seating.  There are plenty of choices for food, but I usually get the Maxwell Street Polish Dog, which is pretty good.  If you order a burger, be ready to wait a little longer, since they're going to cook it up after you order it.
4	Best hot-dogs I've found outside of Chicago.     Their Maxwell is especially well done.    The service here is good, and they've got an AWESOME (home-made) meatball sandwich that kicks the %$% out of anything you'll find at one of the bigger chain sandwich shops such as Subway.     Italian Beef is decent, more like so-so but the hot dogs and fries are worth the trip alone.      Good prices, especially for Scottsdale and food that fills you up and tastes much like Chicago.
4	The combo sandwich is awesome..great bread. The hot giardinera pepper mix is great on everything. Kinda pricey (combo &small fry no drink = $10.76) but worth it to splurge once in a while.
3	I had the Italian beef sandwich with cheese, peppers, and onions and I really enjoyed it. I also ordered some fries. They serve crinkle cut fries and they were hot and totally crispy. They have all the items you would normally see on any other Chicago hot dog style restaurants menu. Everything I saw come out looked good. Ill come back but i will say for my fries coke and a drink it cost $12. I think its a little pricey for a sandwich fries and a drink but it was good. They have no combo so everything is sold separate. If the prices were a little lower I would have given 4 stars.
4	Luke's has a solid Chicago dog.  They rock all of the traditional fixings needed to qualify for a Chicago dog and their fries are always perfect.  If you want the ideal side to dip your fries ask for a small side of cheese sauce.  They just moved to their new location (it's in the same complex just one storefront down) and they now have a different phone #. Don't bother trying to call the phone # on their website or on their Google Places until they get that updated. Just stop by and order- it's delicious.
4	The Italian beef was delicious! I haven't tried anything else but the Italian beef is better than most that I've had.The bread was tasty and the au jus definitely made it better.It is a little pricey but I'd eat here again.
5	They may have the best chili cheese dog on the planet.  You can get it with nacho cheese or fresh grated cheddar cheese, your pick.  Also, the home made jalapeno pepper topping they have is to die for.  Love this place.  Oh, yea, their onion rings are yummy as well.
5	Proof you can get the best Italian beef sandwiches outside of Chicago.  I can't speak for the rest of the menu only because of the ten or so times I've been here I only ordered the beef.   The Italian beef is definately a five star sandwich.  The hot peppers on top is a must.
2	Had the beef sausage with hot peppers with small fries which cost about $9.Although the portion size was big, I hated how soggy the kaiser roll was. Also, I noticed the hot dog was burnt on both ends which killed hot dog for me. Fries were fresh, but nothing special.
4	Good food; good service; consistent and accommodating.  They are an institution in Chicagoland and keep the quality high here in Arizona. The only downfall are the locations.  The original one at 16th & Indian School has a tiny-hard-to-navigate-through parking lot which makes it difficult to get in and out.  The North Scottsdale one had a small parking lot as well and heavy traffic but it's near the Walmart so you can always park in the corner of that lot and walk over.  When you want Chicago-style food, you'll do anything to get it.  Thanks Luke for bringing a bit of home to Arizona!
1	Yuck! Go to the original location on 16th st. & indian school. Soo much better!
5	Luke's is a great spot for a hotdog, but what you REALLY need to get here is their famous Italian beef sandwich. This location can be a bit tricky to find, so maybe use the Dunkin Donuts as your landmark, and Luke's is just next door to the North.Try the fries, they are great, and make sure to add cheese to your sammie, you won't be disappointed.
4	I've been here twice so far and I like the place. The first time I had the italian beef and sausage combo sandwich with Cheezy fries. Score on both of those, but way too much food.Second time I had just an italian beef sandwich with garlic parmesan fries and I was less impressed. The garlic parmesan fries are a joke compared to the artery destroying cheezy fries as they just just their crinkle fries sprinkled with garlic powder and a little canned parmesan cheese. I'll get the velvety cheezy awesome drowned fries again next time.The beef in the sandwich on the second visit was a bit dry as well. Sure the bread was greasy and juicy but that can't really make up for it. Perhaps the sausage brought extra noms to the party. Maybe it was just a bad day the second time.They do get extra points for having RC Cola which just totally made both meals even better than the usual fountain soda fare.Italian Combo sandwich: 5/5Cheezy fries: 5/5Italian Beef sandwich: 3/5Garlic Parmesan Fries: 2/5Clean: 5/5Service: 5/5
4	This is one of the best lunch deals in all of North Scottsdale. They have a seriously good Polish (Maxwell st. style). They also have comfy booths and a nice relaxing atmosphere.
5	Authentic Chicago style hot dogs and beef sandwiches.If you're a fan of Chicago-style food, you'll like Luke's.
2	GROSSLY OVERPRICED !!!This is a Franchise ..... not the Orginal.My opinion ... the food dosen't match up, to the original.Mind you .... its OK, but certainly not Great.This location is 4 miles from my house.I drive past them, on my way to eat at Taste Of Chicago, for my dogs.My wife and I, usually don't agree on many things.However, we agree on  giving Luke's a pass.
3	Well...I'll give ya this much.  The beef is good and the fries arent too bad either.  If I were basing my review solely on this, it would be a 4 and a half.  But sadly, this "One dollar sign" price logo is incorrect.  If you saw a fast food place that showed two dollar signs you would wonder why, so they surely arent going to let that happen...but this is no cheap lunch, and if overpaying for a beef combo is "Chicago style", than I will stop telling people where I am from.There isnt a person wearing a Bears jersey out there that isnt going to tell you that a beef needs sweet and hot peppers and needs to be extra juicy.  I know people that will laugh at you if you dont do any of these things.  But here, your base lunch sandwich is $6.85!  Then any one of those three things (sweet peppers, hot peppers or au jus) will cost you an extra .65!  So you are looking at over 8 bucks for a standard size beef sandwich before you add on fries and I really dont know anybody who doesnt order fries with their lunch.  By the time I was done with the smallest fries and the smallest drink available, I was staring at a $13 bill for lunch.  If I had brought a date with me I would be looking at a $26, 10 minute lunch.  And my credit card receipt at the counter where I order and go back to get my order when its done shows a line for a tip.  Are you guys nuts?The place does good business though it seems, so I may be the minority in feeling the pain in the pricing.  Its just that a fellow really should have some idea that this is no cheap lunch before he walks in this place...thats why I am writing this.  If money is no object and you are craving a real Chicago beef...I think you will be happy with Lukes.  But I truly need to draw the line at their "Chicago style" mentality when a working class guy in Chicago couldnt afford to come here for lunch.  If you want a suggestion guys...  In Chicago, what I paid for the sandwich (once again, over $8), would have been a combo having a fries and a coke too.  The average Joe cannot drop $13 for an average lunch.  Either change your dollar signs to two $$ or do your best to offer a fair deal to a lunchtime crowd.   At least I wish you would!  It was a good sandwich!  But not a $13 lunch.
5	A good friend of mine told me about this place. He started drulling every time he would say "Lukes" so I though I should check it out. Luke's most def. lives up to the hype. Great food and fast service. everyone in the place was talking about how good it was. Ive never seen so many people drulling over hot weiners all at once.
4	A little pricey, but if you love yourself a good Chicago-style italian beef, hot dog or polish, then Luke's is the place for you!  I loved Luke's growing up in Chicago, and I love that there's something very similar in the valley.The hotdogs come on a poppy seed bun.  "Everything" includes mustard, tomato, peppers, neon green relish, pickle, and celery salt.  No ketchup.  Just like a tried and true Chicago hot dog joint.  The italian beef is awesome.  Make sure to include the peppers if you want it done right.On the randomness factor.  They serve RC Cola.  I think Luke's is the only place in the world, let alone Arizona, that still carries RC.
4	This was just like getting a beef sandwich at some of the places in Chicago. I went in about 5 minutes before closing. The staff was GREAT. They were welcoming and gave me no indication they were getting ready to lock the doors.  My sandwich was excellent. Flavor and the Vienna Beef was a little slice (thinly sliced) of home. Go to Luke's. You won't be disappointed.
4	Good Italian beef and fries!!!
4	It's been a couple of years since I've been to Luke's of Chicago. The main reason being that they always seemed to run out of food in the evening. I happened to be out and about on business before lunch today and decided to check Luke's out today. I haven't been to the new location before today.I ordered the Italian Beef sammich dipped and with sweet peppers along with a large soda for $10.57. They don't have Coke or Pepsi, its RC cola here. When I opened up the butcher's paper that was encasing my beef, there was steam rising up. My beef was hot and ready for the taking. I basically inhaled the beef sandwich because it was so damn tasty. Excuse me while I lick my chops again. Probably the best beef sandwich I have had in many years.A couple of negatives in my opinion would be the Sox sign over by the booth by the soda machine and the price of the meal. $10.57 for a lunch at a fast food joint is up there in the stratosphere. I'm guessing the rent is pretty high in this area which jacks up the price for lunch. I'm definitely a fan and will be back!
1	Grossly overpriced!!  9 dollars for a fast food sandwich with no drink or fries.this is twice what Luke's charges in wi and wayore than the Chicago suburb location(they are not even in Chicago).  Good sandwich but not worth the money..won't go back.
3	Being from Chicago now living in Scottsdale for the last 7 years Luke's was our go to place when we wanted Italian beef. Were were even happy to pay the price. But the last 2 times we went the large beef appears to be the size the regular beef used to be. So we tried Al's and not even close to the same as far as we are concerned. But to pay for a large beef and get something that looked like about 6-7 inches (sorry didn't have my tape measure handy)  made us very unhappy. I mean 2 beefs 2 fries and a large drink for $25 you can eat just about anywhere for that and would expect to get what you pay for. As soon as the newness dies down we will be heading over to check out Portilos which I have heard is excellent and the prices are great. Wake up Luke's your food is good and usually not too much of a wait but give us what we pay for!!!
5	Best Italian beef I've tasted since living in Chicago. Even if I still lived there, I'd opt to eat at Luke's. Just to give everyone an idea of my taste, I always preferred Al's Italian beef when living near chi town.I don't know if this Luke's is the same as the Luke's that started in Harlem, but that's beside the point. After visiting so many places that promise to bring a taste of Chicago to Arizona, I've been very disappointed. Luke's is a breath of fresh air and finally lives up to the promise.The Italian beef has a flavor that is distinct enough to set it apart, but still remains true to the taste of Chicago. The fries are good and the mozzarella sticks are great. The servers were friendly and the walls are lined with photos of Chicago's downtown skyline, Cubs and Sox paraphernalia, and ice hockey was even up on the tv while I waited for my order.Although I'd prefer a good Chicago pizza joint, I'll definitely be going to Luke's every time I get a craving for Italian beef in the valley.
3	Excellent Chicago style Beef, thoroughly love their bread. My fave is the beef and sausage combo with provolone and hot peppers. The surrounding are very plain, so go for the flavor, not the scene. Of the 3 of the big Chicago Style sandwich joints around, Portillo's, Luke's, and Big Al's, this place would be my go to for a take out during a work day lunch.  Not really a sit down type of place, but the prices are kinda of high when compared to the other two listed, but probably edges out the other two in flavor alone.  The bread and Au Jus and meat combination are worth it.
5	I was brought here by two friends who live in Illinois, though not exactly in Chicago proper, who have been gushing about how good Luke's of Chicago's iIalian beef sandwiches for YEARS!  Now ever city has something it's known for: Boston has its baked beans, New York has its pizza, Hawaii has anything with pineapple or coconut on it, and Philadelphia has its cheesesteak sandwich.  Chicago has been lucky enough to have two specialty food items it's well known for - pizza and italian beef sandwiches - which must be why they were generous enough to share one of them with the Scottsdale/Phoenix area. According to my friends,  Luke's of Chicago was a family owned chain back in Chicago and one of the family members moved out to the Phoenix and that's why this one exists.  Now, I'm writing this review from (Davis) Illinois, but that certainly doesn't make me an authority on what makes for the best Italian beef sandwiches having very little basis for comparison.  What I DO know is that the sandwich I was served last Monday at this particular location of Luke's of Chicago - an Italian beef sandwich, baptized (dunked or doused in warm meet juices) and layered with sweet peppers and cheese was PRETTY FREAKIN' AMAZING.  I'm serious, this was a freakishly good sandwich, worth doing a little extra driving for.  My friends assure me that this is the best Italian sandwich I'll ever taste, and I may do a little comparison shopping while I'm in Illinois to figure out if that is indeed true or not.We also ordered some regular french fries and garlic parmesan fries to share and I admit I am also a fan. It was 114 F in Phoenix the day we came here, not a day you'd normally be looking to eat something hot, but that didn't dissuade us since we were on a mission.  I come out to Phoenix once a year from California but this was my first experience at Luke's, my friends went without me last year - still not sure I've forgiven them for that.
5	Luke's brings back all my memories of good Italian Beef sandwiches in Chicago.  I have visited all three of their locations and enjoy the food at each of them.  It is a family run operation and they are all great people.  A Chicago delight for all of us transplants.
4	Great hot dogs and sandwiches. Friendly staff, fast service. Genuine Chicago style hot dog shop. Highly recommended
3	I'm not to sure of what happened but they went from the best Italian Beef sandwich in the Valley to meh. The beef was sliced with the grain so it was a bit chewy and stringy. It also lacked in flavor and even though the bread was "dipped" the sandwich was dry. As always the fries were perfect and this is the only place in the Valley where they serve RC Cola. I love RC Cola.I'm hoping this was just a fluke, I have eaten here many times and have always had great food.  I'll try them next time I'm back in the area.
5	Same great food as their orig. location on Indian School but with just a touch more class and better looking clientle than the Phoenix location.  Guaranteed to add a few pounds and to clog a few arteries.
1	Had the Italian beef, it sucked & over priced!
