5	the library was a really exciting concept to me. i'm a writing major, so anything that pays homage to literature makes me smile.the food was absolutely excellent [i had the 'arabian nights' hummus plate and the 'animal farm' sandwich] definitely awesome for mid-range pittsburgh fare. the menu was pretty cute.the only thing that disappointed me was the decor. i wanted there to be more books around! everything was excellent, and i will surely return.
5	This restaurant came to the South Side about a year ago and after many good reviews from friends, I was finally able to visit last month.  It was definitely worth the wait!  The interior is simplistic, but charming.  The menus are printed inside old books, and the table tops are a collage of book pages, maps, and newspapers.  It doesn't look like a library at all, but the atmosphere was still quaint and enjoyable. Okay, now the food was fantastic!  Sometimes simpler menus are the best because you know the chefs are really good at what they're making.  Oh and the dishes all had book titles for names, surprise, surprise.  I highly recommend trying the sweet potato fries and their black bean hummus!   All of my family's entrees were excellent, so you can't go wrong with a dinner choice here.  Prices were pretty decent, too.  This place is an excellent addition to the Carson Street crawl and I will definitely return!
4	The library is my new favorite bar-food-for-dinner spot on the South Side. They have delicious apps such as the sweet potato fries with jalapeno aioli dip. Plus, they have a good selection of draft beers and wines to choose from, a smashing happy hour, and a low-key atmosphere. It's easy to let the night slip away here while drinking at a table near the bar. Unfortunately, I've only been here during the winter, but I hear that their deck is stupendous, and I look forward to enjoying it next summer.It's not often on the South Side that you find good food that you don't have to dress to the 9s for, so the Library is a welcome addition.
5	One of the best happy hour & late night special places in Pittsburgh.Late night specials during the week go from 9-11, and include half-priced drafts & apps.  They also do all-you-can-eat chicken wings M-W(I think those are the right days)...which doesn't really fit in considering this place strikes you as more upscale, with the interesting Library theme.The apps aren't your typical TGI Friday apps, either.  They include three different types of hummus with pita chips, seared scallops, cheese plates, and "Billy Goat's Gruff" which is a cheese-stuffed pepper that's amazing.  The apps normally  run $7-$10, so best to hit these during the special.  The salads, sandwiches, and the crusted salmon have been excellent, although I haven't been as impressed with the rest of the entrees thus far.  Entrees run from $18-$30, so definitely not the cheapest place to eat.  Also make sure to not just add random meats to your meal if the server asks; some of these can double the cost of the meal.  The beer selection is also very good and consistently changes.  Did I mention the half-priced drafts for late night and happy hour??  Be careful about ordering from the extensive bottle list; some of these are large beers that can easily cost $20, and it's not marked on the menu so make sure you ask if you're not familiar with something.P.S. get a restaurant.com gift certificate; we use these once a month, can't beat it...and it includes alcohol!
3	I had higher hopes for this place.I was drawn in by the theme and the reviews here. I must admit, the theme is pretty cool. I feel they could have pushed it further somehow, but I don't have any particular suggestions. I really enjoy the cut out book menus--I just wish they sat on the table with you so you could read them when you're through ordering!We may have gone in on an off day, but the food was just ok. My boyfriend ordered the aztec chicken soup as a starter, which our server forgot and brought out after our meal got to the table. He reports that the soup was "ok." He also got The Tempest burger, which was good but fairly standard. The french fries that came with were bland. I forget the name of my sandwich, but it was a turkey club with a fried egg on top--good! I ordered the sweet potato fries on the side and they were served burnt. We both got sodas and they were weak--the syrup needed to be replaced in the fountain. We told our server, but instead of fixing the soda fountain she simply offered a different soda. (I'm pretty sure she was new to restaurant work. We were one of 3 table in the place on a Tuesday afternoon and everything seemed to take her forever to do.) Since neither of us ordered an entree or drink, I may give it another try down the road. The service and food from my first visit left me unimpressed.
4	I've had to give some thought as to whether I wanted to give The Library 5-stars or not; it comes close. I might upgrade my rating after a few more visits.My first impression was this was going to be another so-so place when my wife suggested we try it. That quickly changed with the first appetizer (Our next time we will go between 5-7 when they are half priced) stuffed peppers. They were good. My wife ordered the chili. It was right up there, too. Very impressive and obviously home made. I had the chicken breast and the wife had salmon. She really like the entree. My chick was a tad over cooked and more dried out than I would have preferred but it was still tasty. The snow ball desert was wiped out quickly. I am looking forward to more visits at The Library. The price was decent and the place was clean... thumbs up on this one.
3	The Library had high expectations to meet since it was automatically associated with Bourbon & Branch's library in SF. One day I will realize this is Pittsburgh and nothing will compare to home.The bar was average, with the majority of patrons concentrated in the first room (as that bar was the only open one on a Saturday night there). The rest of the restaurant/area was empty except for a couple tables on the patio. For a place called the library, I expected more books/bookshelves decor - they had a few bunches sitting on deco fireplaces. It was cute that the menus were inside some of the books and the decoupage tables with various comics and news articles were amusing.
3	I went to The Library for the first time during a happy hour, when all appetizers were half-price. The menus are taped to the inside pages of normal books (mine happened to be a children's photo encyclopedia/trivia book), and the menu items are named after authors or famous books. A friend and I split "Arabian Nights," a dish with two kinds of homemade hummus and fresh pita bread. I also ate the "Dark Green, Bright Red," a dish with seared scallops served on crostini with pesto sauce and a tomato relish/salsa. Both were really good, and even better because both were half-priced during happy hour! So my scallops dish only ended up being $5!! When can you ever have scallops for that price?!I don't think I'll go there all the time, but for the price during happy hour, I'd visit again.
3	Just had drinks there...so the quick and dirty.Atmosphere -  typical midpoint Southside bar...could be Fat Heads, Blue Lou's...they all run together.  This tells you that their theme is not strongly presented...Price - Ok. A liitle more than the dive bars but it is nicer inside. Overall - A nice clean place to met and talk to old friends, which is what I did. Oh, at first I thought it was called Library for an area of Pittsburgh. Did not get the book reference until today... Hahaha.
5	Stopped in here for drinks and sandwiches when we were in Pittsburgh for a night in early September. After checking into our bizarre 70's era hotel, we took a walk across the river and picked this place blindly.The beer list is good. Maybe a dozen or so on tap, with some decent options. As I recall they had a good happy hour too for cheap drafts after 6 or something? Hard to remember having only been there once. They also have a pretty well stocked cold case full of bottled options.For food I had a sandwich, I think it was called The Animal Farm (all the food is named from literature, and the menu is stuck inside a childrens book). This sandwich was epic. Turkey, bacon, smoked gouda, lettuce, tomato, whole grain mustard, all topped off with a fried egg. Seriously. I would go back to Pittsburgh for this sandwich. Boyfriend had some kind of cajun chicken wrap that he liked, it was pretty spicy. i dont remember his sandwich much because i was immersed in my own. Good fries too.Good ambiance, kind of a hip bar. The bartended was chatty and helpful (we got there at like 5 so it was empty for a while before the dinner crowds came in). Seriously one of my favorite places we went on the entire trip.
3	I was confused when, during a phone conversation about dinner plans, my friend suggested going to "the library" to eat--it took me a minute to realize she meant THE Library in the South Side.As a book lover, I have to agree with the other reviewers who want to see a stronger book theme in the decor of the place.  Yes, the menu taped into hardcover books, the green lamps, and the decoupage table tops are cool.  I was sad that our server took our menus away after we ordered--I wanted to read the Babar the Elephant storybook that was one friend's menu.  I had the Alice in Wonderland sandwich, which was a portobello mushroom sandwich with roasted red peppers and Boursin cheese.  Since it was a blustery night, I was very happy that it was a warm sandwich, not a cold one, and a delicious one at that.  I do wish that the slices of bread were larger, though, because every time I bit into the sandwich, the cheese would ooze out the sides and onto the plate.  As my side, I ordered sweet potato fries, which were all right but not as crispy as I like them.  The smoked jalapeno aioli that came with the fries, however, was fantastic.  The food isn't that imaginative as the literary names of the dishes might suggest, but it's solidly executed.  The draft specials during happy hour (5-7 pm, I think) are a good deal, and the noise level during this time is still conducive to conversations with friends.  Service seemed to be on the slow side, but it did seem like we came in at the very beginning of the Friday night hustle and bustle.
2	This place has slowly started to go downhill since I've first been there.  The atmosphere is unique, but once it gets crowded, the acoustics make it difficult to hear your conversation.  The waitstaff is hit or miss.  It's either been great and friendly or unbelievably shitty.  The menu changes rarely and the food seems to get greasier.  Avoid the burger sliders on the appetizer menu unless you enjoy raw meat.
3	Location-wise, this place was easy enough to find, it is on the main road just right of the Birmingham bridge when you enter Southside.Don't let the name deceive you, think of this place as a hybrid between a library and a bar OR a library with a bar. That's what it felt like. The library vibe it had was segregated to one side and to the other side, it was like a regular bar, radiated with the color of sports from its flat-screen TVs.The restaurant area was more library themed. It was adorned with bookshelves, ONE old-fashioned green library desk lamp that I saw on someone's table, books with menus pasted on its front few pages, and the tabletops showing some pictures of history. The restaurant also cleverly labeled the menu and cocktail items off more easily recognizable book titles. That was pretty cool.We came here on a wintry Friday night for their happy hour from 9pm - 1am, which gives us $3 drafts and 1/2 Off All Appetizers! Surprisingly, there was no wait as we walked in a few minutes after 9pm. The bouncer was also nice enough to allow one person who was underage in our party to just join us and eat but not share in the merry joys of the drink. Seeing as how we came here for happy hour, we purely ordered off the happy hour menu and the drafts menu was ample enough with choices we didn't have to look anywhere else even though happy hour also takes $1 off the regular cocktails.Here's what we ordered and liked / disliked:Billy Goat's Gruff - Two roasted peppers that were roasted to the extent of it being burnt and for our party, we didn't like how the cheese mixed with the spicy chipotle sauce. We left the place with one still remaining on the plate.Dark Green, Bright Red - Definitely a must try on the menu if you like scallops. They give you around 6-7 scallops that are full of flavor that the addition of pesto can be made optional.Slaughter House Four - Your basic sliders, but just a tip, when the waitress asks if you want to add onions, bacon, etc onto it, they all come at an extra cost.Edgar Allen Potatoes / Sweet Potatoes - The fries do not come with truffle aioli anymore and when these were served to us, they were soft, soggy and cold. How do you mess up fries that badly?!?!The Tale of Ginger and Pickles - If you like pickles, you should try them fried. Unfortunately they fry a whole slice of pickle rather than in individual bite-size versions.
4	Good place to escape the crazy, Mickey Mouse scene that plagues much of the South Side.  More of a later 20s & 30s crowd but not a sleepy place.Had food one time and it was good, but I can't remember what we had now.  They have multiple levels and there's a pool table on the second floor.  Nothing special on the drinks, but we like to sit at tables and the servers have been attentive.
4	Since the first time I visited, I've been back three or four times more, and I've gotten a different meal each time. Considering I normally order the same thing everytime I go to a restaurant, a LOT of the Library's choices have appealed to me.My favorite so far? The Scarlet Letter: cheese-filled tortellini (my favorite pasta) with a tomato cream sauce (my favorite pasta sauce). The portion is HUGE, too. It's big enough for three servings, and tastes just as good reheated as leftovers. Believe me--it tastes AWESOME.I have also had the Jules Vern, which is basically a philly cheese steak.The Slaughter House Four--four slider burgers--tastes pretty good, too.I'll be back again =)
3	It's expensive, the cocktails are crazy, the menu is not so extensive. But i like it.  I like the outdoor seating. I like the silly book related names for the food and drinks.  And their appetizers are awesome.
5	The best fried pickles you will ever have.  Some people brag that they're a connoisseur of cheese, wine, and other shmancy things.  I'm a fried food connoisseur with a specific interest in pickles.  Go here and enjoy.Chicken tenders and sweet potato fries good as well.  Great happy hour specials, and an overall nice place with with a cozy feel.
4	Definitely one of my Pittsburgh favs.I've never had the pleasure of stopping here during a bar hop since Carson St. tends to irriate me in that vein, but I always have a great dinner/lunch/cocktail when I stop in. A little bit pricey for Pgh (and I'm semi-adjusted to NYC bar tabs), but I'm willing to pay for the clever decor and menu. Cheers to you, The Library!
5	The Library is one of my go to places  the South Side.   I have a frequent visitor of the Library for several years now.  First off is the food.  I have NEVER been disappointed here.  My favorites are the Thai Wings and the Alice in Wonderland.   Amazing flavor that never disappoints.  The sweet potato fries are a must have as well.   There is always a great selection of beers on draft - as well as great bottles as well.The best thing about The Library: the fact that they offer a "late" happy hour from 9-11.  $3 drafts and 1/2 priced appetizers make me very happy.   Especially for the people like me who are always running a little late.  Check out the Library - you will be hooked.
3	Unfortunately this place became trendy and it lost its nerd factor by blaring the TV's in the bar area instead of embracing its library-quality in the dining room.  I go back infrequently, but used to come weekly.  I would walk 500 miles barefoot for the sweet potato fries and jalapeno aioli.  The entrees are boring; go for a giant salad and add on another meat or portobellos or a sandwich - I've had 'em all, they all rock, especially the Prime Rib.  The appetizers are the real menu standouts; you can't go wrong with any of them.  5 stars if it wern't so bar-oriented and trendy now.
2	Their menus are fun.But I guess they aren't that fun.Uhhh...where's my pizza?
4	Half price apps you really cannot beat that!  I ordered the Billy goat gruff. It wasn't exactly what I expected of a goat cheese dish, but it was tastey none the less.  My friend said the slaw was amazing. Our waitress was a little slow and side condiments for the dishes were forgotten but overall good place to eat
5	The Library is a great bar on the South Side... Unlike some others in the area which are the essence of dives, or sort of a mess, The Library presents a casual, relaxed atmosphere to have a bite to eat and a beer (or two). They have great Happy Hour specials (I think we enjoyed $3.00 drafts when I was there) and an impressive selection of microbrews and domestic and imported bottled beers - The beers are presented in bound menus with cool descriptions and the variety is really awesome. The Library theme is enjoyable, though there is hardly a library's worth of books inside. Instead, there's a scattering of bookshelves along with TVs broadcasting games and an easy-going crowd. The Library is actually pretty large too. There's actually an upstairs area with billiards, games and an outdoor terrace, so you've got lots of options for places to sit too. It was blessedly uncrowded when I was there on a Saturday night in September and my friend and I had a great time. Though I haven't been to other bars in the South Side area, this is definitely a great choice for those looking for a more casual (conversation-appropriate) venue to have some drinks and fun night out.
3	This is really a 2.5 but I'm rounding up only because JB seemed to enjoy his Hunter S. Thompson. I on the other hand was not impressed, we started off with fried zucchini which came out extremely greasy, it was thinly sliced and heavily breaded; not bad but we've had better. For my entree I ordered the Alice in Wonderland, a veggie wrap served with a side of sweet potato fries. I wish I could tell you how the wrap tasted but unfortunately the cheap balsamic vinegar they use overpowered everything else. The fries were roasted which resulted in them being burnt and unappetizing.
5	Oh, Library, how I love thee!!Happy hour EVERYDAY from 5 - 7 and 9 - 11 with $3 draft, $3 energy bombs, and 1/2 off apps.  Are you for real Jill, you ask.  Yes, yes, good sir, I am.Their tap selection extends way beyond Miller and Bud Light, which I appreciate, and they have the best fried pickles I've had in Pittsburgh.  Plus, they have a bartender who looks just like Charlie Day and can sling drinks like a pro.
4	My wife and I arrived about 6:15 on Saturday evening. Parking is always a challenge, but we persevered and succeeded in finding a spot within 2 blocks. Walked in and were pleasantly greeted and immediately seated at a smalltable by a window.Menus are inside books and use names found in a place of study. The friendly and helpful waitress guided us for appetizers and our main courses. She suggested the black bean humus; okay, it was plentiful and delicious, great choice. I ordered the crusted tilapia which turned out wonderful tasting. The charred asparagus was super and tender and matched well with the garlic mashed potatoes.When we left at 7:30,the place was getting noisier,but not objectionable. We are fans and will be back.
3	The Library is quintessential Carson Street - a crowded, noisy restaurant full of local twentysomethings and a menu full of bar food. What makes it unique is its pseudo-intellectual theme. The walls and windows are lined with dusty hardcover classics, and the menus are printed in vintage picture books. Menu items are named for literature greats, with titles like Edgar Allan Potatoes and The Fairest Fowl.This effort at individualism makes me prefer The Library to other run-of-the-mill South Side bars. It's nice not to constantly experience the same sports-oriented, testosterone-driven atmosphere. The food isn't great but it's not bad either, and definitely hits the spot after a night of drinking. Another perk of The Library is that the kitchen is open until 1am, significantly later than most area establishments. My top criteria for a great dining experience is that al fresco seating be available in the warmer months. Not only does The Library provide ample sidewalk seating, but it has a sweet roof deck! If you're in the area and are in the mood for some "Ginger and Fried Pickles" I'd recommend checking it out.
5	This is one of my favorite spots in Pittsburgh.  Awesome happy hour and fantastic food. Appetizers are half off during happy hour, also offering 3 dollar drafts. Amazing draft selection that changes frequently.
5	This is easily one of the best bars in the city, and certainly in South Side.  Depending on the time of day, you'll get a very different crowd.  Because it's in a prime Carson Street location, college kids overrun the bar on Saturday nights.  But otherwise, The Library is fairly laid back.There is always a good selection of local beers on tap--East End, Penn, Victory (from across the state in Downingtown).  Happy hours are every day (5-7pm & 9-11pm) with 1/2 off apps and $3 drafts.  Another perk is that the kitchen is open until 1am, and the food is actually good.  I've tried most of the menu, and the closest thing I have to a complaint is that the portions are large.  For example, The Woman in White (risotto) could easily feed two.  And, yes, all of the menu options and cocktails are named for books.  The signature cocktails are more of simple twists on classics--Where the Red Fern Grows is just a cosmo with pineapple juice--and disappointingly cheap liquor is used.  But I come here for the drafts, not the Hugtini (yep, a cocktail made with that childhood sugar-water).  The menus themselves are retired hardback books--the decor is top-notch here.  The patio on the top floor is great for warmer months.
5	This has to be one of my all time favorite Carson Street eateries. It's actually in the old library building, very quaint. I love the menus, they actually hand you a book (my book was Of Mice and Men, my date got the Wizard of Oz) with the menus affixed to the covers. All the small plates, entrees, and sandwiches are titled after classic books. Lord of the Rings, (onion rings) Arabian Nights, (hummus) Peter Pan, (cheese sticks?) and many more. I ordered the plabano pepper stuffed with goat cheese and covered with a creamy chipotle sauce, called Billy Goats Gruff. It was crunchy, creamy and delicious. My date ordered Wings of Icarus, yep, wings done with a dry rub. For lunch I had the Alice in Wonderland, a meaty, marinated, then grilled portobello mushroom with Boursin cheese on ciabatta and sweet fries. The portobello took on the texture of a nice piece of tenderloin. Any meat lover would enjoy this and not miss it. The fries were yam fries, crunchy and delicious. My date got adventurous and ordered The Women in White, creamy risotto with mushrooms, which looked fab! This was my fourth visit here, I highly recommend the Library for a nice evening out.
3	Lesson learned kids, listen to the almighty Yelpers.  They know what they're talkin' bout!I'd seen the good reviews and had read that other Yelpers got some tasty wings and burgers here.  Then why did I go for the risotto you ask??  I don't know, it looked good to me at the time, I'm sorry!  All the dinner items actually looked good.  My risotto...flavorless.  I needed pepper and salt desperately.  Too bad the server came around every 2 hours (I may be exaggerating a bit).  But the service was spotty.The saving grace was the enormous cheese plate we got as an app (good for AT LEAST 4 people) and the farfalle pasta with smoked gouda cream sauce my hubs got.  I quit my meal like a bad habit and ate most of his. That cheese sauce was divine!  And the cheese app had honey drizzled on top which really made the dish spectacular.  So 2 out of 3 dishes were winners.  I can accept that.The creativity just oozes out of this place.  It's a library type setting and as we sat down two big books were set in front of us.  I opened mine to find the menu.  How freakin' cute!  I looked over and noticed this large cook book sitting next to me and I thought "what the heck is that doing there?"  It was the other "menu" stuck in a cook book.  My book, I discovered, was about dragons.  Now I've eaten and learned about dragons.  Now that's multitasking!I absolutely want to go back for their $8 all you can eat wings to give them a try.  And Mel U is right, a Happy Hour special offered EVERY day is unheard of!  And pretty awesome!  Scarfin' down wings and drinkin' half price...I'm in!
3	This bar has the coolest theme!  The whole place does indeed look like a library - not one where you borrow books, but more like a library/study in somebody's old house.  I went with four friends on a Monday night, and we easily got a table outside on their upstairs patio.  It was great to sit outside on a summer evening.  You don't get a great view from up there - it has high walls so you can't even see much of the sky - but it's still a way to get some air and escape the noise of the street.The menus are taped inside the first few pages of giant coffee table books, so all of our menus had a different theme!  One of my friends actually got quite involved reading his book and didn't want the server to take it away.  It's really a nice, clever touch.  We arrived early enough to catch the end of happy hour for $3 draft beers - they had a nice, creative selection.  We started with the Billy Goats Gruff - poblano peppers stuffed with goat cheese and chipotle cream sauce.  And wow, were they spicy!  We really enjoyed the creaminess, but they do have a kick so watch out!  We also got The Tale of Ginger and Pickles - fried pickles, essentially, which were okay but a bit sour for my taste.  I got some pizza, and it was a great price for way more pizza than I could eat.  Crust was very thin and not very crispy - it didn't have a really amazing flavor, but it was a decent meal and reheated nicely.I'd come back for drinks on the patio - for sure!  It feels like a refuge from the other places on Carson....
1	I went to Pittsburg back in April so this is an old review that never was published. Maybe they're great for happy hour but their hospitality was lacking!!! We walked in to grab a bite for lunch and not even one of the servers acknowledged our presence. We grabbed the menu after sitting at the table for a little while and still NOT one person acknowledged our presence! The menu was lame, it was like printed paper glued down to the first couple of pages of old books. We decided that it was not worth our time and money and walked out. Never ever going back, not if it was the last place open.
4	First order of business:  This is not a typical east carson st bar.  You can go here on a Friday or Saturday night, have a great meal, a handful of beers while sitting down and chat with your friends.  Try doing this anywhere else.Now that's taken care of, this has hands down the best happy hour I have experienced in Pittsburgh.  From 5-7 and 9-11pm drafts are $3.  Small plates are half off from 5-7 and 9pm-1am.  That said, the small plates (8 of 'em) are pretty solid.  Everything from sliders and fries to house made hummus to SCALLOPS and MUSSELS.  The menu goes way beyond that with another 7-8 sandwiches from $8-12 and 6 entrees from $9-25.The beer selection is solid.  Nothing unseen, but the draft list of 8-10 craft beers is a nice surprise especially at $3!  Bottle list is very extensive.I will be back, for happy hour!
4	Wow Pittsburgh, you have impressed me. Where else can you get huge portions of good food and creative cocktails at a reasonable price? I did not care for the "Alice in Wonderland" (portobello mushroom sandwich), but I really liked the "Moby Dick" (cod sandwich) and the "Hunter Thompson" (pasta). The onion rings were really delicious and different from ones I've had in the past. Also make sure to get the sweet potatoe fries (like I had to even tell you, how does one not order them if they are available?) I had the "James and the Giant Peach" (long island iced tea) which was super huge. It was absolutely delicious! Did I mention that it was like $7-8?! That is unheard of in LA or NY! Yes, happy hour prices are awesome too. Sam Adams summer ale for $3? Please sir, I'd like some more!
4	Definitely one of the best bars on Carson Street.  Its laid back and has a great vibe to it.  Really good for dinner or late night drinks.  Great happy hour here and some of my favorite wings in the city.  Try the wings, sliders and their huge calzones!
5	Well I knew right from the start that The Library was going to get a good review from me.  It has my favorite type of food atmosphere - the restaurant slash (NON-SMOKING) bar.  I like the bar side for the casual and laid back atmosphere and of course the restaurant half guarantees a good variety of food.But now I have to be honest and say that I've only eaten one thing each time I've gone there.  And that would be the chicken wings.  And that's because they're amazing.  They've definitely become my favorite wings in Pittsburgh.  And I'm a girl who likes her wings.  They're a really nice size for wing dings and the price is right.  I always get the garlic parm (my fav) and they come with an absolutely delicious crispy outside.  I LOVE me a crispy, crunchy wing.  I have no doubt that much more of their food is equally as yummy, but I'll probably never find out.  I'll be too busy eating wings.
4	Unpretentiously cool and... Good! Quick. Easy. Good quality. Relatively cheap. I got the portobella mush sand and it was excellent. Not normally too big a fan of roasted red peppers but the ones on my sandwich were spectacular. Definitely a neat vibe. The menus are re-used books of various kinds. Mine was the volcano and earthquake book.
4	Great happy hour! 1/2 off appetizers! The hummus platter is generous and delicious, I recommend it for snacking while enjoying a drink on their great rooftop patio. Love the patio on summer nights with the cool string lights, it's a nice chill atmosphere. There are a lot of "books" and crannies in this place: a small bar area (large bar), big indoor dining area, little sidewalk "al fresco" seating where you can people watch, HUGE upstairs and the rooftop. The idea of this place is awesome, menus placed inside of old books adds entertainment and a creative touch! Friendly service, good crowd, decent wine list, lengthy beer list and cool, creative plate names makes The Library a win in MY book :)
4	Went tonight for Happy Hour appetizers after work. Half price apps and 3 dollar drafts every night of the week? YES PLEASEEEE. Good food that fits with my budget. I ordered the Where the wild things are with their buffalo ranch sauce which I think is wonderful. The boyfriend ordered wings and we split the 3 sliders. The other member of our party ordered wings and the hummus and black bean dips. They also had Dogfish Head Punkin on tap which is a BIG plus!Our waiter seemed a little aloof and my water was empty until I finally asked for some more water while he was bringing the check. Good thing the boy had some water so I could enjoy my buffalo ranch sauce. He was working a party of 10 as well as a few other tables so I'll give him the benefit of the doubt. The chicken was wonderfully, about 5 or 6 big nuggets, I was expecting but so happy not to see the standard TGIFridays chicken tenders. They had a nice spicy breading on them. The wings were good as usual. I tried the BBQ but I naturally love the Buffalo Ranch as well. The Hummus/ Black bean dips were fabulous and it was a huge portion! I honestly was expecting half of what we were given. Served with pita and veggies I'll order that again! It seems like they've changed the appetizer menu, and I was a little disappointed in the selection. I missed the scallops and the pepperoni roll. Maybe they change this menu often I'm not sure, it was only my second time there. But, I do hope that if they revise it anytime soon they add a few more options on there. I feel like this is the best Happy Hour (definitely food wise) that I've found in the south side. Now that I'm working there I think this will become a regular spot..Also, mid way through driving I suddenly got really loopy. Having not drank anything I was curious. Maybe there was vodka in my water? Maybe that herby stuff on my chicken was something else? What ever it was I was confused. But I liked it.
3	Food is decent, and the drinks are ok. Not a hugh selection, but not bad either. The staff can be a little salty though.
4	The Library is wonderful!!! 1/2 price appetizer are excellent especially the mini burgers and meat and cheese platter. I love how they made me my favorite drink!!!! The menu's are books that you can keep at your table. Also they have recently started having West Coast Swing upstairs in Wednesday nights. Awesome.
3	Some of my friends really like The Library. I think it is alright, but I'm still a little confused about what all they hype is about. NOTE: I have never been here for the food so take this review as a commentary on the bar scene part of it.What the Library does have going for it is a top notch draft beer selection and a great happy hour where you can get any draft for something like 3 dollars. The happy hour vibe is really good, not too crowded. The bartenders are also knowledgeable about the beers they sell.I don't really like The Library post happy hour. It starts getting really packed and the vibe is kind of confusing. The Library just doesn't seem like place where everyone is packed in. It sometimes feels like that scene in Star Wars where they are getting crushed in the garbage compactor on the Death Star.The music choices often leave a lot to be desired.To sum it up, the Library shines around happy hour times, otherwise it is just like any other South Side bar.
4	The Library is one of my favorite spots in the city. While I lived in State College, the average Happy Hour was from 9-11, and coming back to Pittsburgh was somewhat of a letdown for enjoying enough reasonably priced food and beer. Fortunately, that's not a worry at the Library! They have a happy hour DAILY(Saturday and Sunday included) from 5-7 AND 9-11(and beyond, for the food). Yes, for 28 hours a week you can enjoy $3.25 drafts of any beer 12% ABV and below, and the selection here is usually good if they aren't low on stock. Also, appetizers are half off as well. Sharing with my vegetarian girlfriend, we often find ourselves splitting nachos sans-meat, and they're awesome. Not only is it a huge plate, but they're totally covered in well-distributed toppings. I'm also partial to the mussels appetizer, and the sweet potato fries with a smoked jalepeno aioli(ok, smoked jalepeno mayo) is super tasty as well.Sadly, when not on Happy Hour this place is fairly pricey for the sort of food they serve, with appetizers and sandwiches for $10+, and entrees ranging from $15-$30. I don't often order off the standard menu, but the salads we've tried have at least been good.The place is laid out with a bar immediately upon entry with some high-top tables and two TVs over the bar, separated by a wall into a dining area with mostly 4-tops and a muted TV in the corner. Sometimes sitting near the door in the dining area can be pretty chilly.They used to hand you the menu inside of book covers, but they sadly have not done that for the last few months. The draft list is on a chalkboard as you walk in and in the dining area, but I have never found the servers to be extremely knowledgable about any of the selections. Service is usually quick, and even on Friday and Saturday nights this East Carson spot stays comparatively calm.
3	The Library unlike the actualy library of which I will always be a life long fan. I fell out of love with this resturant.  My fling with the Library lasted for about two months.  I came to the realization that the flavors here, weren't enough, to keep me traveling all the way from the Northside.  Maybe in the summer when traveling is easier will I have another meal here.  I like that the menu items are named after book titles but very little is done with the food that inspires me to come back for more. I am not a fan of eating at places that have sliders on the menu.
2	The Library was once one of my go-to places...especially for their happy hours. The half-off appetizers (from 5pm-7pm & 9pm-1am) and $3 drafts (5pm-7pm & 9pm-11pm) were unbeatable. The apps were delicious, and they usually had a solid selection of beers on tap. Unfortunately, upon my last visit, we found that they had changed the menu around, removing a lot of our favorite "appetizers" to a "sides" menu, negating their "special" status. The new convoluted menu (well, convoluted to regulars) was incredibly frustrating, and while the beer deals continued on, it turns out the annoyance with this simple menu change proved that it was the food specials that really kept us going back. I was never a huge fan of their sandwiches or meals, but the apps were excellent...well before the special pricing, so that seemingly small change in the menu actually seemed bigger to us.Overall, for someone who's been going there since day one - or more realistically, the first week or two that it opened - I've seen the food go from AWESOME to so-so. The first chef there was excellent and he laid the groundwork for a solid, simple menu. After he left, things like the quality of the sweet potato fries went down hill, as they'd come out too soggy to really enjoy, and the chicken tenders were often overcooked. When it first opened they also had a Guinness dipping sauce that was amazing, but that, too, went by the wayside.While change is a constant in the restaurant industry, some changes are going to turn certain people away. For a place that I used to frequent once or twice a week to become an afterthought can sometimes come down to a person's change of taste. Unfortunately, in my case, it's a case of change of menu and quality.Regardless, The Library usually has a good tap selection, and the food there is decent. It's just not as good as it once was.
2	Their decor and atmosphere are one of the best themed bars here in Pittsburgh in my opinion, however if they kept up with the decor it'd be even better. For someone who is in the restaurant business, never not once have I seen a bar or restaurant with plastic on their windows, except for my own home. That honestly bothered me, and not only that I may be the worst quest but at least im helping you tear off the rest of the ripped pages from books covering your tables. Yeah I'm that girl, focused on one part that was missing a page visibly and made the table look rough and need lovin' I helped out the store and began to tear a little, not a lot, but a little. I stopped myself from being completely rude and devouring the table and one big swoop of a rip. Their beer selections are out of the world, and may require some particular taste buds, but they show plenty of variety. As for the food, I've had better bar food. I had their "Arabian Nights" which is vegetables, black bean hummus, and regular hummus (I think), pita bread, and vegetables, powdered with paprika. Seriously the black bean hummus, was the star of the plate. I've experienced better, my beer however which has to long of a name to remember, and I honestly think I let my friend order it for me, was good reminded me of a blue moon, with a lesser value citrus hint. I did start out with a coffee stout, and this is where I went wrong stouts are particularly thicker, and I do not care for thick beer. It had an overall good taste but the thickness threw me off. I would really love to try though a coffee styled beer, let the suggestions role..... I've been here once before and loved the atmosphere and theme, I just wish they would keep up with the decor, as for the food well. Mehhhh do what ya want.
1	A tale of two restaurantsThe Library used to have really good eats. Used to.But I went there for the first time in a couple years recently and was appalled with my meal. I ordered the scarlet letter:The Scarlet Letter - 16Cheese stuffed tortellini, spinach and mushrooms with a roasted red pepper cream sauceAdd chicken 5, portobello 5, salmon 8, shrimp 8, or scallops 12Lets start with the tortellini, low grade frozen crud improperly cooked.Red pepper cream sauce? Heavy cream cut with milk that was three days away from bad (I have cooked for a living for twelve years you can't fool me) and mixed with some okay marinara.*also charged me four or five dollars for "extra spinach" The worst part was the fact that the garlic and shallot were not even remotely sauteed and overpowered any semblance of flavor that might have otherwise existed. Gag-worthy.C'mon now.The cheese plate :Of Mice and Men - 14Prosciutto, capicola, genoa, assorted cheese and marinated olives drizzled with olive oil and served with two stuffed cherry peppersExcept that's not what it was.It was a handful of really mediocre green olives, water pressed spicy ham, hockey puck salami and not a trace of Prosciutto or stuffed peppers anywhere to be found.The cheese was a joke but not a funny one.This meal was actually offensive to me. Maybe you can trick some drunk college kids but not me. If you are going to buy the cheapest ingredients you can find at the restaurant depot at least price the menu accordingly. And teach your cooks how to actually cook food properly.Will never be back sorry boutcha
4	Library has one of the best evening beer happy hours in the city.  There I said it.  If you know of a better one, please tell me!  Late night specials are 9pm-1am - half priced small plates, and from 9pm-11pm $3.25 drafts.  The small plates aren't your typical TGI Friday apps.  The small plate pricing is inflated, so it's really only a good deal to order them during HH special.  Entrees run from $18-$30 and are overpriced IMO.  The sandwiches, however, are a great value, and paired with a large side of tots, you can't go wrong.  The beer selection here is really good, and consistently changes.  They might have one or two crap macro drafts, but the rest are solid micro drafts.  Did I mention the $3.25 drafts for late night and happy hour?  All drafts are 1/2 priced except for 10%+ beers, and they pour beers into pint glasses....good luck getting a $3 pint of Pumking at Fat Heads!  P.S. get a restaurant.com gift certificate; you can use them on alcohol, during happy hour (at least last time I was there you could.)
3	The Library is my new favorite late-night place for drinks and food. They're open until 2am daily. This makes me very happy, as my "weekend" begins on Sunday night. They have two happy hours: 5-7pm and 9-11pm. Happy hour specials include $3.25 drafts and "energy bombs" (any pinnacle vodka mixed with energy drink), and half off all appetizers.The names of all food are derived from literary titles, apropos for a restaurant called the "Library." Cute. I almost always get the mussels in white sauce. SO tasty. Try it. You'll be asking for more bread to dip in the sauce.  My favorite entrees include the "Light in the Attic" salad and the "Catch 22", which is buffalo chicken (or turkey/bacon) and cheese wrapped in pizza dough. Delicious!It's a friendly, casual restaurant with a great beer selection and specials.  Can't ask for much more.EDIT: I'm docking the Library a star because the last few times I've been, service has been TERRIBLE.  Once, on an early evening out, I read the beer specials on their chalkboard and picked one. The waitress said "we don't have that." So I chose another. That was gone, too. She also seemed confused when I told her to bring something similar to my other choices. On another occasion, we went for a friend's birthday and he wanted an ice cream sundae. The waiter brought him plain a bowl of ice cream. We thought he had misheard, so we informed the waiter that no, a bowl of ice cream was not a complete sundae. He rolled his eyes and said "well I guess I can get them to put chocolate sauce on it." Bad form, Library.
2	I just have to say its sad that I've not experienced some of the great wings I've heard so much about! I ordered chicken Parmesan and was so excited to dive into my half off happy hour wings! You get 10 whole wings for five bucks... That's gotta excite you! Sad thing was, they were tasteless and greasy.  I kept biting into them thinking it would get better. I assure you, it did not. I ate three and had to stop.  It was like eating grease flavored chicken.  The only redeeming thing about the meal was the tomato salad with huge pieces of mozzarella cheese. I really want to like this place... And I'll probably be back at some point. Heck, they still server beer.  That's good enough for me!Hoping and wishing it will turn around though!
4	Great food. Restaurant quality food and the beer selection is great. The prices are a little higher but that just drives away the rowdy cheap-beer college crowd. It can get busy in there but I've always enjoyed my time there.
4	Great honey Cajun wings and sweet potato fries!!!!
5	I came here for wing night, and I absolutely fell in love.  The fact that my cousins and I sat out on the back patio for about 3 hours and we were never hurried out made me feel like I was a returning regular.  I successfully tried all of the wing sauces, and they were all pretty banging.  You have got to try the Honey Cajun; it is miraculous (and I do not think I have ever used that word to describe food). Our waitress was also extremely kind and she even stood and talked to us for a while in between wing runs.  Over 40 wings and 3 liter pitchers later of Diet Pepsi, I was deliciously satisfied, and I cannot wait to come back to this place.  I LOVE THE SOUTH SIDE!
5	The Library is my favorite South Side bar for 3 reasons.1. Atmosphere. I love the decor. The downtown is nice, has a bar on one side & dining on the other side. Upstairs is a nice hang out place. Pool Table, Bar, Dining area, couches & of course books. There is also an outdoor patio with is delightful. I've sat up there during the day & at night. Both times its beautiful up there. You really don't feel like you are on the south side. This place is perfect for group happy hours, dinner with friends, dates, or just for drinks during a bar crawl. 2. Food & Drink selection. I'm always impressed with their food. I've had/or tasted quite a few things on there menu. They always find creative ways to make things in accordance with the 'library' theme. Also, being a vegetarian there are plenty of options for me. My usuals are Alice in Wonderland burger. It's a portabello mushroom burger with a delicious mayo sauce on it. Another favorite is the Edgar Allen Poe Fries! Which are sweet potato fries. The best I've had in this city! My third favorite is the Arabian Nights which is a platter of hummus & black bean hummus which veggies & pitas for dipping. It is so good & filling.3. The Happy Hour. Not only is there 1....there are 2! You can not beat that. Its usually hard to find a happy hour in this city that goes until 7. The library Happy hour is from 5-7 & 9-11. Are you kidding me? That's great. From 5-7 you can enjoy appetizers or they may call it "small plates' for HALF OFF from 5-7 & all there amazing selection of brews are $3.35. They are good beers too...you won't find coors light here. So I usually go there get Arabian Nights, Edgar Allen Poe Fries, a brew.....& it's under $10! Amazing. Also, if you going there with a group & end up having a few more at $3.25....it's still cheaper then going to any other bar. Also if you end up staying long enough happy hour will renew again in 2 hours. Which I have done before. There is a pool table & outdoor patio. It's overall a great time I highly recommend going there. it's also a great place to take out of town guests!
3	It's "i eat" I guess. Food is nothing to WRITE HOME ABOUT LOLLLL BOOK PUNS!!!!!That being said, maybe it's just the stuff on the appetizer menu cuz like I had a well made salad for lunch this one time u no??Service is fine.They have some aiiiight beers on tap.Definitely above average for pub food but so good that makes me want to...RE-READ IT????
4	I love the Library for a couple of reasons. 1. They have not one but 2 happy hours. 5-7 and 9-11 3.25 beers and 3.25  Pinnacle Vodka Bombs, mixed drinks and shots. If that wasn't enough they have half off small plates aka appetizers from 5-7 and 9-1AM. 2. Atmosphere! Jukebox so you can play your song for everyone to hear, pool table, darts upstairs and down. porch with hanging lights makes a pretty place to eat and take a date. 3. Beer! They are always kicking kegs and bringing in new beers. You can never predict what beers they will have because their selection varies so much which is amazing for someone like me that loves trying new beers and gets bored of the same old selection. 4. Pulled pork Nachos, which is a small plate so they are only $5 during the happy hours.
4	$3.25 drafts and half-priced apps at happy hour? Oh..you work until 7 and missed 5 -7 happy hour? Go to the SECOND happy hour from 9-ll PM. I always order a beer and the Arabian Nights, which is a hummus dish that could easily feed three people. Another delish item on the menu are the nachos...huge n' cheesy portion size! They have awesome outdoor seating area on the roof. BUT beware... if you sit with 6 or more people, gratuity will be added and the girl who ordered 30 dollars worth of waffle fries and $3.25 Pinnacle bombs will say she only owes 5 bucks and everyone will be down in the dumps.The Library has me book, line and sinker. (I had to get one in.)
4	Though my husband loves Library and comes here every Tuesday night, I have actually only been here four times - twice for work happy hours and twice with friends. Three out of four of my experiences were excellent, but sadly, my last visit here was a tad disappointing.I came here just a couple weeks ago for a work happy hour, and the entire top floor was reserved for my office's event. All drinks were paid for by my workplace, and over fifty people had attended. However, only one bartender was working, so over 20 people were in line at one time. Someone jokingly said to me that as soon as he got his drink that he was going to get back in line because it was so long. Considering the amount of money that my workplace had spent on this event, I think it was absolutely terrible service to only have one bartender upstairs.After waiting in a 10+ minute line for a drink, I requested a drink that was on a tap handle -- Full Pint White Lightning. Well, apparently, they did not have White Lightning on tap but another Full Pint IPA beer. I'm sorry, but if you don't have the correct branded handle, then just use some sort of generic handle. It's confusing to the customer.The reason that I'm still giving The Library four stars after a frustrating experience there is (a) my other three experiences were great and (b) they have such delicious food. The hummus served with their Arabian Nights small plate is exceptional. I've also had their Slaughter House mini pulled pork sandwiches which were delicious and surprisingly filling for their petite size. Their pizzas are very tasty, and I've had the opportunity to try several types. However, my two favorite things - the Frida Kahlo, nachos served with your typical beans/sour cream/etc plus pulled pork, and the Magic Pretzel, which tastes more like delicious breadsticks served with beer cheese - will absolutely blow your mind with how delicious they are.Overall, I really enjoy the Library and am actually craving a Magic Pretzel right now....
4	I love this bar! It has great beer on tap, although they do change it up every day so if your find your new favorite, drink up! It might not be there the next day. Their small plates are also very good. I have tried the mussels, the mini burgers, and the pepperoni rolls - all great! The bar tenders are friendly and let you try out various beers, and the crowd is pretty low key. All is all, great spot!
4	The Library has one of my favorite happy hours on Saturday nights:  Half off drafts and small plates from 9 to 11.  For 20 dollars I got a large plate of mussels, a Brooklyn Blast and two Southern Tier Chocolate Stouts.  I can't argue with a deal like that.  The food and beer list have always solid here.  The recent renovations of The Library have opened up the once constricted front bar area by removing the walls in between the pillars separating the dining area and the bar area.  The pool table has also made a move downstairs.  I think the overall vibe of first floor has changed for the better, giving it a more" bar" less "I'm standing over someone while they are eating dinner" vibe.  The upstairs can accommodate more hungry patrons now that the pool table has been removed as well.  I like how they have attempted to separate the "I'm here to eat" from the "I'm here to booze" crowd.  The Library is one of my favorite spots on Carson Street and I'll be back soon.
4	4.0 / 5 - Burger: Delicious, juicy, wonderfully cooked.Fun atmosphere and decor, though a bit loud for a library.
4	Awesome place that I somehow avoided until now.  I have to just ask myself why?  Stupid me, stupid stupid me.I was totally fascinated by the menu and had some find making the connections of the titles to the food.  Most of the items I wanted to order was only because I could say that I ate that 'book.'  Ultimately I decided on the 'Brave New World.'  What an amazing idea to place the burger IN a quesadilla!  Less bun, more meat flavor.  The burger was cooked to perfection and a decent size at that, it almost filled out the tortillas.  Mozzarella and cheddar cheese, some spicy mayo, and pico de gallo.  Talk about a fiesta in your mouth.  This is definitely a burger that you have to eat with a fork.  There is no way you could really pick this up unless you are wearing gloves and bib.  It's messy, but messy in a very good way.  Instead of going with the hand cut fries, I wanted the tots.  Let's face it, I'm a tots fan.  And for the $1 up charge, I wasn't too upset.  The portion size of the tots was big.  And they came out in their own little container thing.  Oh my, I was so consumed by the thought of that burger still in my head that I almost forgot the appetizer.  We ordered 'A Tale of Ginger and Pickles,' I mean who in their right mind would want to pass up breaded fried pickles.  If you've never had them before, you must try them.  Who knew that frying certain items would be a delight to your taste buds?The atmosphere in here can be categorized as a loud library with a pool table...and beer.  Lots of beer.  I especially like that they give you a list of the drafts on tap for that day with your menus.  I had me two while I was here and I must say, it's liberating to drink in a library.The staff were accommodating.  When we got there we sat at a high top table and soon decided to move because we were afraid the table was going to fall over.  No problem to them.  They came by often to make sure we had everything we needed.  The most awesome thing I think I liked about this place were the plates.  They were shaped like books.  I mean like an open book.  Food sat inside them so you really were 'reading a book.'
2	Sadly, I feel like every time I come back to this place it gets worse. I have fallen in love with their newer pinnacle drinks, the Sour Patch Kid is amazing! It tastes just like a real Sour Patch Kid. They are also on special at $4 during their happy hours.However, the past few times I have been here the service has been horrible. The kitchen is super slow, it took about an hour  just to get our app in one of the last visits. Then our food came about 30 min after that. We asked for waters and got them after our bill was on our table. They also seem oddly quick to try to take your plates away when you aren't even finished eating. During my boyfriend and I's most recent visit we had found out that they changed their fried pickles, and not for the better. The nicely breaded pickle spears have now become some barely breaded, barely fried, pickle chips. I think I've made the same quality fried pickles in my kitchen on the stovetop. Def not worth the money as an app. (we got them as a side to a sandwich) It seems like this place has continually gone downhill since they changed their menu and made certain things small plates and certain things apps. (during happy hour, "small plates" are half off, while "apps" are not. it's a super weird way to structure a menu, and the only reason why i can see they changed it was so they could not include certain things in the happy hour special) We were really disappointed when our favorite apps were now not being included as part of the happy hour specials, and it just seems to be getting worse with every visit.
2	We stayed downtown for the weekend to catch a Pirates game and, strangely, everything downtown closes at 9pm or so. When we got in town at 9, our dinner options were limited. So, we headed to the Library. The reviews on Yelp are mixed and, I agree. We had some good food (pepperoni roll, tater tots) and average food (nachos) and some poor service. The waitress was friendly but really slow. It was there happy hour so the food was 1/2 off. While they have a large beer selection was large in bottles, their draft selections were less impressive. It seemed to be all IPAs. I did get a nice bottle of chocolate milk stout though. Overall, the Library was fine and I wouldn't say our visit was bad. It was just average.
4	I've gone to The Library many times and I've gotten great food every time.  Last night was no exception.  I ordered the Catch-22 with tots (and yes I'm going to eat my tots).  First off, just let me say that I love the fact that you can get tator-tots instead of fries.  The Library always makes them crispy on the outside and soft and delicious on the inside.  Perfect.  I ordered the buffalo chicken version of the Catch-22 and it was cooked perfectly.  The homemade pizza crust was crisp on the outside and a little chewy on the inside.  The chicken was cooked to perfection.  The hot sauce and cheese finished off this delicious piece of win, which I had no problem finishing off.The only reason I can't give The Library a 5 star rating is that I've had some pretty slow service on several occasions.  I'm not sure if the kitchen was just backed up, but the food seemed to take quite a while to make it to the table.  Last night that did not happen, but it has happened in the past.I also appreciate the fact that they put money back into the place to make it better.  The plates look like open books now, which is a nice touch, and even though the menus are not in books anymore, they are nice new menus with a couple new items I had not seen before.
3	I came here on a (terrible) date a few weeks ago. I love how it looks, the atmosphere and the general idea behind the restaurant and bar area. I loved the selection of yummy beers too. I also loved that there are two happy hours with fairly affordable beers. You can't go wrong there! I ordered a portobella burger, and it was pretty lackluster. It left a lot to be desired. The waitress was mostly absent and took my beer away before I finished it. I don't drink to get drunk, so I was chasing beer with water. She didn't refill my water once. It was fairly loud, but that's to be expected. I was mildly entertained by the antics of other people there. It was a Tuesday night, but it felt like a Friday or Saturday. As a vegan, there's really not much for me to eat here. It wasn't bad, it wasn't good. I enjoyed the beers though, so that's why this place is getting 3 solid stars. Service, vegan options and pricing were seriously off target though. I might return if friends were going for drinks, but I don't see myself being motivated to come back.
3	Came here to have lunch and I can't really say anything except that it was "okay". There's a lot to choose from and almost anything can be made vegetarian but I wasn't blown away. Good list of beers though. There's also a really nice rooftop patio that I'm sure is really enjoyable when the sun isn't beating down.
2	As a teacher you would think I would love this place and it was nice that the food was named after books. But the place was Full I mean full of hipsters. Plus we had to sit upstairs  and I didn't really like that. The food was okay, nothing to die over.
4	I really am surprised that there aren't more 4 star reviews! I frequent here for both the food and for the drinks.  Hosts and hostesses have consistently been very friendly and quick to seat us.  Occasionally service is a little slow, thus why I've given 4 stars instead of 5.  The vibe is casual, and I rarely see too many drunken idiots there which is something I definitely prefer, especially if I choose to go out on the weekend.  I've sat both downstairs and upstairs at tables and the bar; no complaints on the seating.  Another thing I love is that it's accommodating to larger parties.The beer list is outstanding and there's definitely something to drink for everybody.  Prices are reasonable and I'm always given a glass for my bottled Franziskaner.  Servers and bartenders are always knowledgeable on the different brews they have and happy hour specials.As for my favorite part, the food! You'll notice from my other reviews that I'm a pretty picky eater and get the same meal at every restaurant.  Nachos are a staple anywhere I go, and this is no exception! I'm usually a pain in the a** and take off everything except for chicken, cheese, and jalapenos.  For my main meal, here it's The Fairest Fowl.  Tasty chicken in cajun seasoned panko, "pan fried and drizzled with our jerk sauce". This comes with potatoes and veggie of the day which always tastes fresh.  This  is probably one of my favorite meals, ever.  If you go through the photos on here you'll be sure to find mine.Again, another great restaurant in Pittsburgh's South Side!
3	We were looking for a kitchen that was open late night, and we found that and more at the Library.  From 9-11 pm small plates are half price, what a deal.  We tried the mussels, which were good, the fried pickle, the pork sliders and the hamburger sliders, all very tasty.    Get selection of beers on tap, including a "Mystery Beer."  This place is lots of fun.
3	Love this place for their late night bites special. From 9pm-1am small plates (appetizers) are half off. I recommend the peperoni roll-lots of cheese, peperoni and delicious tomato dipping sauce. The waitress kindly let us know that this and the pizza another person is our group ordered would take longer since they bake them fresh. Great place to go with a large group. There is always plenty of room to get table with the upstairs bar as well.  Love the atmosphere of a library inside a bar!
4	One of the better spots on Carson. Decent food/drafts and better than average atmosphere.
3	I came here with a friend on a whim before going to the movie. Because I love books, I was intrigued by the name. I like the interior, as there are plenty of books and book paraphernalia around to pique my interest.I had the hummus wrap, and of course, fried pickles to start. The food was just okay, but I did enjoy the atmosphere. I would like to come back for happy hour, because it seems like it would be fun. Also, the menu is huge, so I'm sure there are more things on the menu I should try.
4	Good food and atmosphere. Happy hour specials were great, too. Get the "Animal Farm" sandwich -- really good! We upgraded for pretzels on the side. Yum!
3	Good wings and sandwiches.  Menu is smaller than when the opened a few years ago. Great atmosphere.  Definitely recommended in the summer to sit outside on the deck. Drinks etc are nothing to write home about.
5	All the food is awesome and most of it is homemade... Definitely not freezer food. Bartenders are super friendly. Beer selection is always changing and always above average. Awesome happy hour deals. Overall good atmosphere. Highly recommend it for drinking AND eating.
4	I dig this place!  I dont think people know how good their food is!Its a great bar, the atmosphere is very cool and they have a great beer list -- although they often sell out of some of the seasonal craft beers but that's to be expected.I love their book themed menu.  The mussels are delicious, and the last time we were there I had the Sea Captain and his Wife, salmon with vegetables and a starch. Its always very good.This is a fun bar to dine at, equally fun to drink and play pool at.  I'm never disappointed when we end up here.
4	This is one of, if not THE, favorite spots of mine for happy hour.  I think I've paid full price here twice, at most.  Not because it isn't good, but $3 drafts/Pinnacle bombs and half off small plates spoiled me for the full menu.  Their hummus plate is huge and very satisfying, but also light.  The chicken tenders, pork sliders, and sweet potato fries are also delicious.  That said, the Animal Farm is my favorite sandwich hands down.  I think it's cool that all of the dishes are named after something literary - chicken wings are Wings of Icarus, pork sliders are Three Little Pigs, etc.  It's also a theme on the drink menu.  The James and the Giant Peach (peach long island iced tea) is so good, but I just discovered the Peach Ring; it tastes exactly like a peach gummy and I know, that isn't a fancy book-ish name.In the summer, they have a porch on the second level in the back and it's perfect.  It feels like you're sitting on your porch at home because instead of seeing the debauchery happening on Carson Street, you get to see the neighbors - it really solidifies that neighborhood bar thing.Only downfall is that the service suffers slightly when it's busy.  I was standing at the bar for a good five minutes before someone even acknowledged that they'd be with me soon.  However, I've had a hard time flagging down a server (who all wear short skirts and big glasses - nerdy, get it?) when it was a random week day afternoon as well.  So that could use some attention.  Otherwise, a great spot.
1	My friend and I went to hang for a bit. We asked for aTv show to be put on. Our bartender was awesome and turned it on after making sure it wouldn't upset any other patron. Everyone said it was fine and we were upstairs so it wouldn't effect anyone. We were almost an hour in and he came back and said management said we had to turn off. When we asked y we weren't given a straight answer. We spoke with the manager who changed his answer a total of 4 times. We pointed out that no one cared and it wasn't bothering anyone and he proceeded to talk to us like we were not smart. We ended up leaving and the manager was horrible. Do not go here!
4	The Library was my favorite neighborhood bar when I lived off of East Carson. They sincerely have the BEST deals in town. I adored the fact that their menus were all created from library books and that the menu items all had literary symbolism. It really helped pull in the entire atmosphere.Their beer selection was fantastic and though I don't know if it still exists, they had an incredibly generous happy hour and reverse happy hour where you could get great beer deals and discounted apps. It was a brilliant way to make a repeat customer out of me.The food is bar food, but certainly a step above greasy, toss into the fryer and slap it on a disposable plate type of food. Their Where the Wild Things Are chicken tenders were a great app to split and were served with fabulous dipping sauces. If I were feeling gluttonous, I would order the Animal Farm sandwich, which was a tasty, salty turkey sandwich with bacon and a friend egg, dripping with gouda. SO GOOD!Their pizza is great to split, though when I dined there, the cooks had their good days and bad days with it.I was also always a fan of their staff. They made sure to remember my name and beer preferences and always greeted me with a smile. The Library is one of the many things I miss about PGH and I certainly hope to make it there soon. The Library will be one of my first stops.
3	Missed Happy Hour by 15 minutes, and you could definitely tell because we had to wait for a high top, and by the time we sat down, the place cleared out. Happy Hour is from 5pm-7pm and 10pm-midnight. They offer half off small plates and $4 Drafts and a Pinnacle Vodka drinks and bombs special. It's awesome that a place offers two Happy Hours, but when you miss them, it's a little bit of a let down.The food wasn't bad...I've had better, and it took a little while for it to be served. The names of the selections were pretty cool and so was the library book menu. I had "The Last Queen of Hawaii" which was a BBQ grilled chicken wrap. The french fries were mediocre, and the portions were about average compared to other bars and restaurants.  The beer list was pretty good, and they offered about 10 or so on tap. The atmosphere is decent. I'm into bars/restaurants that have more of a rustic/dark lighting look to them, and this just wasn't quite doing it for me. We also came in cold weather, and I would consider returning during Happy Hour and sitting on the porch upstairs. I didn't get the chance to check out upstairs while I was there but plan to when I return.
4	I only come during their happy hour and it's always great and inexpensive, $3 drafts and half off small plates 5-7, 9-1. I love their changing beer selection and have tried almost all the small plates, which are delicious. They have this cozy back patio that I love to sit at during the summer.
3	I came here with a friend on a last second and poorly timed decision, and narrowly (and sadly) missed happy hour.  This is definitely a popular place for drinks, we had to wait about 15 min for a table for two.  I didn't have too high of expectations on the food based on what I had heard and read, but I was mostly interested in the beer selection anyway.Happy hour is 5-7, with a second happy hour 10 - midnight.  That's sounds like a pretty sweet deal to me.  I would like to make a stop back some Friday night during that second time slot.  The draft list was solid.  It's not quite on the level of some other places on Carson St, but you can't go wrong with around 10 quality crafts.The names of menu items and the menu itself were creative, but I think they could go a little further and really distinguish themselves from the rest of South Side.  It was like half a library and half Fatheads.  I ordered the Gunslinger burger.  The burger was cooked well but the pulled pork was less than succulent despite what the menu claimed.  The staff was friendly and our waitress was very attentive.  Overall, I felt the food and atmosphere weren't bad.  So essentially I agree with Yelp's mixed opinion on this place!  I would definitely come back during happy hour for some crafts.
3	Three words: Quiet Bar PittsburghNot easily found... this review is not for the food or this place on a busy night. But on a week night (yea sorry I am not a frequenter so when I do pop in here its with friends on a weeknight or for a date). This place is quiet with a decent beer menu, as well as wine mixed drink menu. The serves were friendly and attentive. If watching the big game isn't your thing there is space to sit and chat upstairs. There is lots of space here, the upstairs is a bit cold is my only complaint. But the space is nice and no thumping music so that you cannot hear the party next to you in conversation.
3	Well.......      I agree with other reviewers that their happy hour is pretty good.   I got a sour patch drink that was very large and good.   Now, our app was average pulled pork sliders.    For dinner I got the chicken with jerk sauce.   I was disappointed that I wasn't permitted to switch the starch and was stuck with sun dried tomato risotto (they also wouldn't allow me switch a topping on a burger).....    the risotto could use some seasoning and was just there.... my chicken was very overcooked and dry.   The sauce was awesome and green beans were good.    My husband got a burger that was very good and he was happy with his food.Our server was slow initially because she had friends at another table (they were served 10 minutes before us).....   she tried to be attentive when they left.  The decor is neat.   I like the concept.... chairs upstairs were uncomfortable particularly for a larger person.All in all it is OK and we probably will try out again.... it is just a bummer they aren't good with substitutions.... it isn't a high class French restaurant......
4	Good place to meet up with a few friends to catch up and get a drink. Half off apps and certain mixed drinks from 9pm-1am on saturdays
4	Good beer, good food. Great prices. It doesn't get much better for a casual night out. I recommend the Gunslinger.
1	The stuff is so over priced here it's ridiculous. We had pasta, pepperoni rolls and their cheapest bottle of wine and it was $85 before tip. The dry aged sirloin tar tar is cheaper at Meat and Potatoes than the pizza oven bar food pepperoni rolls here. Would not go back if you paid me.
4	I like to come during happy hour. They have a good selection of small plates, which are half off during happy hour. I like to get the Three Little Pigs with the fried pickles. It is a perfect amount that doesn't put you over the edge. The Library also has a good beer selection. The draft list changes all the time and it is fun to always have new options to choose from. I tried the Clown Shoes Clementine, which was pretty good. Overall, I really enjoy coming to the library. The outside patio upstairs is awesome when this Pittsburgh weather cooperates!
3	I have to admit that I'm not a huge fan of the South Side- the crowds are usually younger, the bars louder, and people get a little too crazy on the weekends. However, I have to say that I enjoyed coming to this place for a beer and some food last night. I was surprised at how extensive the menu was, and while I missed the happy hour by 15 minutes, the beer selection was pretty decent. I got a vegetable calzone which was insanely big coupled with a huge bowl of marinara sauce (oh yeah). I was able to sit upstairs on the patio, which was much more quiet and laid back. They even had a pool table and dart board upstairs. On the whole, a nice place to stop in for beer and above average bar food.
3	Well, we are officially moving out of the North Oakland/Shadyside area in less than 3 weeks, yay! :D We found a much larger apartment near the South Side Works for the same price so we went to sign our lease Friday! We wanted to celebrate with a drink and it was happy hour, so we headed for the library (it was our first time). We ate on the patio and shared some half price chicken nachos. Bobby enjoyed a long island (he's been on a long island kick for awhile now lol) and since we were on the porch and it was superr hot that day i just drank water.. even though we went to celebrate. Our server was friendly and we enjoyed ourselves. Some of the nacho chips were clearly stale but eh- what can you do. The two happy hours are a deal and since we're close by im sure we will be back
3	I came here last fall with some friends during the 5-7pm happy hour.  I'm not much into bar-hopping, so generally, the South Side isn't my scene.  However, I really liked the ambience of this place, and the food and drinks were alright.  I ordered the poutine (Lemieux), and its flavor was okay, but the fries were a bit too soggy in places, and it was served cooler than I'd like.  I don't remember much about my drink, to be honest, which means that it was probably a-ok, but not remarkable, as well.  However, the HH prices are pretty awesome!As a bibliophile, I enjoyed the library-themed decor, which included books, knickknacks, and wood paneling, on the second floor, the view of S. Carson from the windows, and the library-themed menu.  Also, I liked that it was fairly quiet, to the point that I didn't feel like I had to shout over other customers or TVs to make myself heard.  This is a rarity in PGH bars, esp. on the S. Side!  Based on my experience, I'd be willing to come back during HH the next time I'm on the S. Side with some friends.
4	Since moving to the Southside in 2010, the Library has always been a favorite of mine.  They have one of the best happy hours on Carson Street, in my thirsty and hungry opinion.  $3 drafts and 1/2 price appetizers from 5-7p and 9-11p.  Their appetizer (small plates) menu has changed quite a bit over the years, but it currently has a TON of offerings and you'll surely find something to suit everyone in your party.  I highly recommend the pickle chips, pulled pork sliders, and the sausage tacos.I have yet to try an actual entree here, but when I do,  I'll be sure to update.  My only complaint stemmed from a recent trip to watch the USA World Cup games.  For some reason, they won't play the audio from the TVs. So for one of the biggest sporting events in the country, we had to listen to Carly Ray Jepsen and Sugar Ray on the speakers.  They told us that its an issue with their sound system and it doesn't allow them to play the audio from the TVs.  It's 2014 and I wasn't buying it.  When the game went into extra time, we quickly paid our checks and moved to another bar down the street.I'll definitely be back to visit and eat, however, the Library won't be my first choice for sporting events.
4	The bartender gave samples of different beers and since as a patron we were very talkative he gave us samples of bloody marries that were specially made in house. Great place to go!!
3	I was last here during their  9-11pm happy hour on a weekday night. Nearly all of their drafts are $3,pinnacle drinks are $3, and all small plates are half off until 1am. My dining partner and I shared "The three little pigs" and "the magic pretzel". The three little pigs were 3 pork sliders (normally priced at $12-half off from 9-1am) and we added the fried pickles, which absolutely enhanced the flavor of the BBQ sauce and pork. I even made the comment that I was surprised that a restaurant not specializing in BBQ would have pork that was so tender and flavorful. "The magic pretzel" ($4 during the happy hour) consisted of 3 long soft pretzels served with homemade beer cheese. The pretzels were obviously just that,pretzels, but the beer cheese was absolutely delicious! In all we ordered 4 beers and these small plates and our bill came to $25. We will for sure be back to partake in additional small plates during the happy hour but after reviewing their menu we may need to revisit for a regular lunch or dinner.
1	This restaurant experience was just followed by disappointment after disappointment.  First, our waitress took 10 minutes to take our order.  Then when our food arrived, cold and sloppily strewn on the plate, it was so poorly made, we couldn't even finish our meals.  When I gave our waitress our Groupon (because I would never actually pay for this food & service) the manager refused to take it because it was not printed out.  (Even though it could be easily scanned from my iPhone)  When asked to speak with the manager, a man in gym shorts finally came over to our table after 15 minutes.  He was rude, unapologetic, and unprofessional.  When I asked if he could make a note on my receipt so that I may bring my printed out Groupon the following day and receive a refund, he pulled out his personal cell phone and called the owner, because he could not make a decision.  When the owner did not answer, he said he would call me the following day with an answer.  It has been a week.Save yourself some serious pain, and stay away from this tacky, over-priced, slum-of-a-restaurant.
5	I really liked it here! The food was surprisingly good and I tried a bloody Mary for the first time there and they made me a mini one before I committed to buying one (which I did). I thought that was super sweet. Definitely one of my favorite bars on the south side.
5	This is a really great bar to stop into while exploring the South Side of Pittsburgh. Established and reputable, The Library is a very nice bar. The downstairs is generally busy; however, it's possible to get some peace and quiet if you head upstairs where they have another bar and even more rotating craft beers. The craft beer selection is good and generally has good, reliable beers to try. When the draft isn't to your liking, check out the bottle selection. Can't attest to the food as I haven't yet tried it. One other thing to note was the fact that on my way out, the owner of the place ran downstairs to check his stock of beers that he keeps for himself and friends. Among them he found a 2010 Founders Breakfast Stout that he offered to me just because we had a good conversation about beer. He's a very generous guy and obviously cares for his customers and retains a passion for good craft beer. I'd recommend a place with such an owner to anyone. Be sure to check it out.
3	The Library is your standard south side bar / restaurant.  They go for a literary theme, but eh?  The beer and spirits selection is good.  The prices are good.  The food is your standard Sysco bar food.  Their happy hour special is pretty good.  The crowd is typically decent.  I've never felt like I was surrounded by idiots.This is your standard south side bar.
4	My husband and I and our 2 year old son went last Friday.  The food and service were great! I wrote a blog post about it if you want to read more details:  http://crayonsanddrywall.com/2014/09/18/the-library-restaurant-review/
4	Cool little place to get something to eat that's a decent price. Never ate here for dinner, but I think it's a great lunch stop. I like the "literary theme" of the menu, and the food was always tasty with a good range of options. No complaints and will return.
4	We visited Pittsburgh for a few days and were in search of some comfort food.  We looked to our friendly yelp app and The Library popped up.  Not only is the food good you can play pool and darts too.  Big TVs for sports watchers. The Hamburger was amazing.  They have fries and tator tots which were yummy.  The pizza is deep dish with the best toppings.  I'm not a wing person, but my friend is and she loved them.  I would say it was my favorite food we had while visiting.
5	The best happy hour on East Carson for foodies and "beer-ies" (that's a word, right?) alike.Half price drafts (5-7, 10-12) and half price apps (5-7, 9-1) means there's rarely ever an unhappy hour.A laid back atmosphere where you can enjoy your favorite local sports game, a round of pool (or two), and the witty literary inspired dishes.  I highly recommend the Book of Mussels (both red and white) and A Tale of Ginger and Pickles (deep fried pickles slices served with a great, drippy ranch). For beer? Their drafts are constantly changing and never disappointing.Also it'll make your family, friends, and co-workers alike think that you're constantly at your scholastic endeavors since you always seem to be on your way to The Library.
5	Crazy happy hour and late-night specials! This is one of the few places with an awesome (half-off) food special 9pm-1am with half-off craft draughts to compliment. The small plates that are on special for the happy hours are anything but small! I'm also a fan of Taco Tuesday... 3 of these babies with a beer is the best well-balanced lunch $6 can buy.
4	Awesome seating arrangements, luxurious bar. The place to go when your folks ask how studying's going. Try their pizzas, burgers, and especially their fries! The drinks are reasonably priced as well, so go crazy!
4	The library's theme is such a cool concept. Books in the windows, appetizers have book names and book pages on the tables. The plates are even shaped like books! So cool. As much as I like the concept of this place, I only come here to eat or drink if a special is going on or if I have a groupon or living social. Their happy hour is pretty awesome. We went last night around 9:20 and after 9 all small plates are half off. I didn't feel like waiting until 10 for drafts to be half off, so I ordered myself a beer. They print you out an updated version of their draft list when you sit down which is pretty convenient. I ordered helltown rapture IPA which was pretty tasty!For an appetizer we ordered fried pickles. Originally they ask for $9.50 but with the special they were $4.75.. Which is awesome because they are not worth more than $5. They literally are pickle chips that are breaded. They honestly aren't very good, but if you are craving fried pickles like I always am- they will do the job. They are definitely not the best fried pickles I have ever had- too salty and greasy and I hate that they are pickle chips( I prefer spears or fresh cut pickles). My boyfriend ordered their pulled pork sliders from their small plates and enjoyed them. The coleslaw on them really complements the pulled pork. I went all out since we had the living social for $25 and it was half off small plates... I ordered a veggie quesadilla ($5.25 normally $10.50) and also their pepperoni rolls (around $7 normally over $14!) . The quesadilla I have had before and love! The chipotle sour cream they drizzle on too is awesome and really makes the quesadilla. They don't fall apart and they are full of flavor. The pepperoni rolls were thick! You get 4 in an order which is pretty awesome. I literally could only eat 1 , they were so big! Stuffed with pepperoni but they could have been more cheesy! Not bad for $7 but not worth $14. The library is deserving of 3.5 stars but I rounded up. It's a cool place to check out, but like I said, go during a happy hour to get the most for your money! And check out their patio upstairs!
4	Finally I got to come here and no regrets. No regrets at all. We went on Trivia night and failed miserably...The half off bottle of wine really helped ease the pain of losing and not only that but the all you can eat wings really hit the spot. Not only was the wine half off but the waiter gave us half off because the wings were going to take longer than expected. The service truly catered to the customers and not a lot of businesses go above and beyond.
5	This all applies only to the unlimited wings nights Tuesday and Sunday. I only know what the wings taste like.This is at the highest echelon of wing dining. Along with quaker steak the unlimited wings deal here is excellent. $12 for like 14 DIFFERENT flavors of wings. Big fresh meaty wings not frozen crap. Cooked when you order. Brought out in a couple minutes. These guys really know their stuff. I've been here 3 times in 5 months. And I'll definitely be back often.The only thing to be aware of is trivia night. If they are doing trivia it takes the whole second floor. It lasts at least 2 hours and is loud and obnoxious if you aren't playing. You can't talk because in between questions they play loud music. So if you don't want that, sit downstairs where the vibe is energetic and talkable. Don't complain about what is posted. Don't like trivia? Don't come to trivia night.Anyway. Excellent wings. Excellent prices. And oh yeah, the servers really know what beer is available and make informed recommendations. I can't drink, but my friends said the descriptions were right on and the taste was great. They also let you try a little sample to see if you'd want it.Great place!
4	Best bartender so far out of the 3 we've been to from out of town. Expected more with the decor (just from other reviews). The menu was cute with the theme! Came at 10pm  Sunday so HH drafts n lots of food 1/2 off. The pizza rolls were huge n awesome!! Draft menu needs A LOT of work! But a great small selection! Clean place, nice clientele
