1	had them through my home warranty and they charged me 500 for a fan motor on my AC...way over priced but I was desperate and wanted it fixed. the new fan still didnt fix problem so it was a pretty big rip off. Would not recommend.
4	I think they are fantastic. I have had for at least 12 years. They have replaced or fixed the air conditioners, hot water heaters, appliances, garbage disposal, pool filter, and a lot more. Read the contract.
1	This company has been used twice for repairs through my Home Warranty company.  The first time the technician needed to get more parts for my repair.  He was scheduled to return the next day.  I left work to meet him there and he never showed up.  When I was finally able to reach the office they said their technician was unable to come to work that day and they couldn't reach him.  Finally I talked them into sending somebody else the following day.  He showed up but couldn't do the repaid because the first technician had MY parts on his truck (and still couldn't be reach).  What a DISASTER!  The 2nd time, and what I'm currently dealing with, the techincian came out and did the repair as scheduled.  One week later I have the exact same problem.  I called and called but got no call back so had to call the Home Warranty company just to get a call back.  Finally they called and said they couldn't come until Friday.  (it's Tuesday).  My pool will be green by Friday.  This is absolutely the worst customer service I've ever experienced.  If I did a job, and the job failed, I certainly would NOT make the customer (who is likely already unhappy) wait a week before I meander over to take a look at whatever I apparently messed up.  I would bend over backwards to fix my mistake in hopes of keeping the client as happy as possible.
1	This place is ridiculous.  We had a leak that we had a hunch that was coming from the wax ring under the toilet.  We called on a Saturday to report the leak, they took their $100 deductible and said someone would contact us in 4 hours.  Monday afternoon we finally received a call back and scheduled a "plumber" to come take a look.  I showed him where the leak was and where we thought it may be coming from.  I even showed him that there was access in the ceiling to see there was no plumbing inside the wall that the leak could be originating from.  He insisted that it wasn't the toilet and that it must be leaking from a crack in the foundation.  He then cut a 12" x 6" hole in the wall of my bathroom and said it wasn't something that he could fix.  So another couple of days to get a real plumber out and he checked the water meter and immediately agreed that it was probably coming from the wax ring.  He then confirmed our assumptions that it was indeed the wax ring on the toilet and replaced.  Now we have a nice sized hole in our wall that was cut for no good reason and Sonoran says they can have someone do a "rough" patch but they don't sand down the patch or paint.  I have no words for the level of service we have received in the past 2 years with this company.  We will definitely move on to another company once our contract expires.
