2	This place opened two days ago (I think), and I wanted to give the owner the benefit of the doubt because every business should be given some leeway in the first few days, but... I have to say, it was SUCH a disappointment. Where do I even start...C'mon, you have to consider that most of your customers are going to be people who've had this product from Pinkberry, Red Mango, etc. already so it's not like there aren't standards to live up to! My yogurt was too soft for my liking, and definitely didn't have enough tart. I don't even consider myself someone who needs a whole lotta tart, but it just wasn't enough. I got a small (called a "little") with strawberries, blackberries, and granola. The strawberries were nice and sweet, I was given a total of 3 blackberries, and the granola was mixed with almonds and dried raisins, or was it cranberries... I couldn't tell. By the time I had my last two bites, it had all melted and I had a dried raisin/cranberry stuck in my teeth. I wasn't sure if it was because the almond and dried fruit toppings got mixed into the granola, or if it's supposed to come that way, but I don't really like almonds, and would've preferred my granola to just be granola. The 3 blackberries was kind of a disappointment too. Granted, there wasn't much room for more, but 3? Really? At every other one of these places I've been to, they always leave a hole in the middle of the yogurt too, but at least they leave room around the yogurt for toppings! Oh, and it was a bit overpriced, but seeing as how it's the only one of its kind in Pittsburgh, I guess he can do this.All in all, it makes me question whether or not I'd go back. And that makes me sad, because I was really looking forward to finally being able to get my froyo fix in Pittsburgh.
3	I've been waiting for this place to open since I first heard about it a couple of months ago. As someone who grew up on the West Coast, Pittsburgh has a bizarre lack of dedicated frozen yogurt and smoothie places so I was excited to finally see a yogurt place.Karmic Yogurt is definitely inspired by the popular Pinkberry, and similarly has regular and green tea flavored yogurt (no pomegranate) and fresh-cut fruit toppings. I tried the green tea which is apparently made with real Matcha tea powder and had strawberries, mango, and kiwi on top. The fruit was fresh, and the yogurt was good although I agree with the other reviewer that it may not have been quite as tart and was a bit softer.Prices are fairly high, but are on a par with Pinkberry. I'd like to see raspberries as a topping, and perhaps a frequent customer card (buy ten, get one free) or something like that. Unfortunately, there's not anywhere to sit yet, but I'm sure that will come in time. The location is fairly good for Shadyside, so as long as enough people discover it, it will probably do fairly well. Also, what's up with the holes in the middle of the servings?
3	This ain't no Pinkberry either.The taste of the yogurt is ok, thought the consistency is not as creamy as it ought to be.I think Karmic yogurt marginally edged out Sweet Berry in Oakland, if only because for the same price ($4), you get three toppings instead of SB's pathetically stingy single topping.Unlike SB, Karmic doesn't even bother to attempt any sort of kawaii whimsical presentation that is de rigueur of modern froyo shops. But perhaps that is just as well -- the tiny storefront cannot comfortably accommodate even the customers waiting for their orders.
3	Oh, delicious froyo, why do you elude me in Pittsburgh?Karmic Yogurt is OK. They get the actual yogurt right, more or less, which is more than I could say for Sweet Berry. But my toppings included crunchy, unripe mango. Um, no thanks. I was going to ask for something different, but then a crowd (OK, like 5 people) rushed in and the tiny space was overwhelmed with people, so I just left.Also, cash only. Huh? Considering that this yogurt costs more than a fast food meal, taking plastic would be a nice gesture. McDonald's does, yes?
4	Frozen Yogurt is a special treat.  When you go to NYC you go to Pinkberry.  But when you are in Pittsburgh Karmic is the best yogurt shop around.  It is tart and has a great texture.  The fruit the use is fresh.  I typically get fresh Pineapple and Chocolate Chips.  But I think all of their toppings sound great.The building gets crowded, but what can you expect for a seasonal item.  They can't have a huge area that is wasted in the winter.  It couldn't hurt to accept credit cards.The food is great.  I recommend this to my friends and family when they are in Shadyside.
2	The last couple of times I tried this place, the yogurt wasn't very good, they still haven't added any decent seating, and the prices are still too high. Karmic waited too long - there is now a better yogurt shop in Squirrel Hill. Probably won't bother going back to Karmic again.
3	I wouldn't say that the yogurt (get the original, they have one other flavor and it is usually NOT good) is particularly bad, but the value is not. I am guilty of going there a lot, because I love fro-yo and live right next door and they accept credit cards (unlike a lot of fro-yo places around). The toppings, errm, I would stick to the non-fruit ones. The fruits seem frozen-then-thawed. However, a small size is $4+. I am good with a small, but if that is not enough for you, go to Razzy! Go here if  you are on walnut and don't mind shelling out money for just okay fro-yo. Don't go here if you are from California, you will probably not like it.
2	Its expensive and not the best tasting either. There are much better options in the surrounding neighborhoods.
