4	Went here with a group of friends for a banquet.  It is great for the unlimited re-orders so you can stuff yourself like it Christmas.  Jin (the main guy) was a brilliant host and was very helpful when I asked him questions about what food contained sesame oil.  If like me you have an allergy to sesame oil, the options are the ribs, northern chicken/beef, fried aubergines and the chilli green beens and of course rice.  All dumplings contain very small amounts of sesame oil so it would depend on what your tolerance is.  Overall a good experience and even better because we got a good deal with a voucher.
5	What can I say that hasn't been said about chopchop. They're pretty on it and some of their food is to die for. Some of it I'm not blown away by. I would however keep eating crispy northern beef until i exploded. other recommendations would be:Boiled pork and coriander dumplingsThe aubergines (obviously!)The fried green beans in chilli and garlicthe cucumber salad (vital if you accidentally swallow the chilli in the grean beans!)the pickled potato salad (for the same reason as above but a different cold tasty salad)the lamb and cuminthe potato and chicken thing that i've forgotten the name ofand of courseThe crispy northern Beef (or chicken or pork or prawn if that's your thing)It's the king of the menu.Haven't ever had space in the tummy for desserts so can't tell you if they're any good.My only criticism for chopchop would the terrible music they play all night. weird chinese country and western mashups are AWFUL! as are chinese style covers of pop songs. I wouldn't play music at all in there it's rarely empty enough it to be silent.
3	I've been in the Leith restaurant a couple of times now. It's just not as good as the Morrison Street one. The first visit afforded us a genuinely bizarre maitre d, who watched over us from afar with an evil glint in his eye and constantly pestered in a bid to get us out for 8pm on the dot. The food was Chop Chop good - yummy - but the creepy service was a bit too weird for me to handle while chowing down on dumplings. On second visit it was like entering a ghost restaurant. The space is really big and there were no covers to fill up the tables and give the place a bit of ambiance. It was also quite cold, brrr. And there was odd Chinese opera music playing really loudly over the speakers, meaning it was quite tough to have a conversation. We had to ask the staff to turn it down! Food on second visit was nowhere near as tasty as other Chop Chop experiences. I think it might have been because we were there on a Groupon deal and the restaurant had changed the unlimited banquet to reflect our thriftiness. There was no lamb with cumin (GUTTED) and the crispy beef was replaced by some kind of chicken dish. Needless to say I was a bit disappointed. But at least the service was tip top this time round! So, in summary. Go for the good grub if you don't mind sitting in an atmospheric vacuum. And don't get a Groupon deal - just go for the regular menu and join the loyalty scheme, because the restaurant will shower you in discount vouchers!
4	Many many visits here already - since the first day they opened. I agree with all the reviews on their dumplings and quality of food. I would like to make a special mention to the unlimited banquet for 4-6 people. That is truly unlimited and a great feast to be had for all!  What I like is their 'loyalty club' they remember my birthday - on which you get a voucher (hurray!) and sometimes they even do magic tricks at the table :o) I always take visiting friend and family to this place so I know they'll have a good time. The fact that I deduct a star is that sometimes when they are busy they seem a little understaffed, rushed of their feet. And some popular dishes tend to sell out (on more than one occasion) But don't let that put you off as they have very good replacements!
2	I've eaten here twice.. The second time thinking they might have improved from the first.. uhh... sadly not.Food, service, atmosphere are all much better at the Morrison Street branch. Yes the decor is horribly dated but if you're only going to a restaurant for their decor then may I suggest you MAY have the wrong approach....Even being a member of the loyalty club which gives me 10% (?) off my bill and vouchers (which they don't do anymore in lieu of getting a % off your bill) don't entice me to visit this place.We've also ordered delivery from here once.. don't bother.. everything arrives a bit lukewarm and soggy.. and we only lived about 5/10mins drive from the restaurant at the time... If you HAVE to visit ChopChop.. Head up to Morrison St.
5	I read the reviews on Yelp about it not being as good as the original. I went on Sunday night with a birthday voucher and it wasn't very crowded. The maitre'd was very friendly and the service was good. The food arrived super fast and was equally as delicious as what we had eaten at the Morrison Street location. We had the steamed lamb and leek dumplings, which we enjoyed more then the fried dumplings before, but both were delicious. My favorite is the spicy black bean potatoes with chicken and the aubergine. Both amazing!! We also had the chow mein and the noodles were excellent. I did notice the service charge, which I forgot to ask about, but they did honor my birthday voucher with 5 pounds per person off. I really enjoyed the dining there as well and will certainly go back as it is much closer to me then Morrison. They food is so delicious!
2	Was quite looking forward to eating here as I've lived in China and when I'd tried Chop Chop before about 2 years ago in the West End it was pretty good, but I was disappointed.The food was uninspired to say the least and a lot was over-salted. Everything seemed like leftovers that had been warmed up in the microwave. The chicken wings were nice once you got through the salty crust and the barbecue spare ribs as well (though I didn't think they were traditonal northen cuisine as Chop Chop claims to be). The lamb with cumin seeds was un-appetizing, damp and didn't have enough cumin. The guo tie hadn't been fried long enough so  were dry and anaemic looking where they should have been brown and crispy and the centre was dry. Not really good.It's fine if you're not expecting much but as one other reviewer said if you want to try dumplings you'd be better off just buying them frozen from your local Chinese supermarket.Sorry Chop Chop didn't mean to give you a bad review, but I've got to be honest.I like the fact that they're trying to bring authentic Chinese cuisine here but they've got to do it better or it's pointless.I hoped to be brought back a little and feel like I was in China again but I didn't feel that at all sadly.
4	I have read the mixed reviews and was anxious about going here incase it was a bad choice but I am happy to say we liked chop chop. We arrived around 5pm for dinner and it was only us in the whole place which was a shame. Our waitress was friendly, polite and attentive. We got a mix of different dumplings and they all tasted beautiful with a mutual agreement that they are best we had tasted. The mains of chow mien received a good review from the others in my party and my crispy chicken Northern style (I think it was called) was nice but not something I would get again. My chicken dish basically came in a sweet and sour sauce which was a little too vinegary but still tasty. I also thought the chow mien had a bit too much ginger but that's my opinion from my small tasting, as I say the others said it was the best they have had. The fried rice was fluffy and for one portion you get a good amount. We got a side of crispy squid which was AMAZING, it was the best we had tasted anywhere and we have had this a lot. I would defiantly get a huge bowl of this to myself if we go back. At the end of the meal we got asked if we wanted to sign up to the loyalty scheme which gets you 20% off future visits or something along those lines, will this be enticing enough to return? Not sure!
3	Um, so... I don't actually like Chinese food. Not, like, I absolutely won't eat it - I'd just never choose it myself. I came here for Paddy H's birthday and so, I should preface this review with that, and state that my twenty-ish quid for the unlimited banquet would have been better value if I'd actually dug into everything properly instead of tentatively nibbling and then just waiting for more chicken dumplings to arrive. It's already not cheap as meals go, even all-you-can-eat ones.However, my rating is based entirely on the experience as a whole and not my own personal foodie preference (because that would be just daft). Besides, I was informed by the gentleman on my left, who had spent no small amount of time living in China, that what we were indulging in was in fact extremely good, albeit the geographic and cultural equivalent of serving linguine, sangria, falafel and bratwurst on the same table.I believe I've mentioned my tapas hesitancy before - how I cling desperately to my favourite thing and guard it, snarling, from others' hands. This is also a large part of my problem with Chinese meals. This is not, however, a problem with the Chop Chop banquet - you can simply ask for more! MORE! MOAAAAAAAR!Simultaneously the good and bad side to this is that everything is made fresh to order, so if you don't ask well before you've finished what's already on the table, you're left sitting for a goodly while before more sails toward you. And, in the case of my beloved chicken dumplings, you might have to ask a couple of times. Given the size of the place and the number of replenishing orders they must take from people, it's unsurprising and somewhat forgiveable that the occasional order goes astray.The staff were efficient, if not overly friendly, and attended our table frequently. The real highlight for me, though, was the glittery tables. Just like Christmas in my mum's kitchen! Red glitter everywhere, yay!So - it's just fine, and on nights of better service this is a definite four-star place, but my own experience on this occasion, with some hyper-extended waits combined with a fairly high meal price, registers at a positive three.
5	I tend to not review somewhere after one visit, but I have to say that I really enjoyed this place.I came with with a group for a birthday, and if explained to me on paper the concept of "pay X amount and have as much as you want" I would be a bit turned off... in theory I LOVE this idea, but it just isn't normally executed well, the perceived value and adventure normally diminished by lacklustre food.  I'm happy to say that this wasn't the case here, everything that was available was tasty and quite more than acceptable... the only problem was trying to not eat heaps of everything!The highlight for me were the various dumplings... I love dumplings, and these didn't disappoint.  I wouldn't go as far as to say they were the best I've ever had, but I've certainly had worse and would happily have these again and again here.  The green beans with chillies and the chicken, potatoes, and peppercorns were also winners.  The fried rice was also nice, and not too oily.  Heck, I really enjoyed everything other than the lamb with cumin, but I think that's down to personal preference rather than it being a bad dish.  I'm not certain how it works for smaller parties, as there is less available on the multiple dishes for the same price option, but for a larger party you could certainly do worse than here... the place is clean, the staff friendly, they had decent beers, and it was an actual value for the quality of food on offer.As a side note, I'm sad to hear that their sister location near Haymarket isn't as good, but I would be tempted in based on my experience here.
