5	I've been playing music and buying musical equipment for 20 years now and this store is really cool. At the era of online buying, the most important thing for me as a buyer is customer services (or I'll buy online at a lower price) and the staff there is just amazing! Honest and with good knowledge... They've earned my trust so far.I was impressed that 2 weeks after buying an RME sound card, the sales guy did a follow up call to make sure everything was okay. Their price might be a little bit higher than the major stores in Montreal but with a service like that I don't even try to negotiate.
4	(I haven't tried the pro audio half of the store; this review is about the guitar side)Wouldn't call it world-class, but it's a pretty sweet little store in exactly the right location. Employees aren't on commission, so they aren't pushy, but they're also thrilled to chat with anyone who walks through the door. Lots of Eastwood guitars, for some reason.
3	Unfortunately, I had to write an update about this store. Sales services went downhill for the past 2 years. I don't know what happened but not the same experience at all as it use to be some years ago. I was in sales earlier in my career and I would have fired right away the guy who was in the soundcard department today. In sales, you have to value your customer and look sympathetic with them... if it is not in your nature to be like that, at least do it for the money they would spend coming back to you.I went twice in the past year and met 3 sales rep. 2 of those 3 were condescendent and borderline aggressive. I asked a total of 3 small informative questions and I kinda assume that when you spent as much money as I do I deserve a respectful answer. The other one was quite nice I must admit which is why I bought the item I wanted. I bought the rest somewhere else.My advice : You have the right to ask questions and be treated respectfully as a customer. If the salesman is not respectful and arrogant, please go somewhere else. Italemelodie is a great alternative and it is just a couple of streets up (Jean-Talon).
1	Unfortunately, like Martin, the terrible service I received in the non-guitar part of the store was actually bad enough that it inspired me to create an account on Yelp so that hopefully future customers are treated LIKE HUMANS!I happen to be quite well versed in modular synths and was initially very excited to have a chance to describe how they function to my girlfriend in the MOOG shop, since they have a nice one set up. I started to feel one of the salespeople hovering behind me, which given the price of the equipment, I found very reasonable, so I turned toward him so he could ask the obligatory, "Can I help you?", to which I replied, "No thanks, I'm actually just explaining how these work to her (gesturing to my girlfriend)". This would've been a great time for him to either chime in with a bit of excitement about the products and add in a bit of color commentary or simply walk away. Instead, the salesperson continued to hover after giving a begrudging "Well....okay". A minute or so after this interaction, with the associate still hovering, the gentleman behind the counter who appeared to be the other guy's boss gave a deliberate "AHEM" loudly to get my attention. When I looked over at him, he was BEAMING at me with arms crossed in a "get the heck out of here, peasant" stance. I met his gaze, and in disbelief, held it as I walked out the door in utter disgust that a shop owner could be SO CONDESCENDING. It is a huge shame that these two men created such an unpleasant environment, because this place has a ton of really neat things in it, but I would never return and support this business establishment as a result of the HORRENDOUS treatment I received.Hopefully, the self-righteous bald man behind the counter will somehow get wind of this review and change his ways, or just be fired by a superior who owns the shop. Hmmph.
2	The product selection is allright the employees try pretty hard to make you feel like an unwelcomed idiot, though. So pretty simple review from me: good products, very bad customer service.. At least when i went there a couple months ago.
