2	My wife and I had reservations there last night.  Poor choice! Not a bad place to eat, but a terrible dining experience. Parking was an issue. Despite our early reservations, the only parking available was in the next lot over. One had to traverse an earthen embankment and a grubby alley to get to the place. Tell your companion to wear something other than high heels!I dislike places that serve olive oil in place of butter with one's bread. I know it's fashionable, but it gives an impression of economy. That's fine for Macaroni's Italian Grill, but detracts from the tone of a place with Tarbell's pretensions. I'd prefer it if they'd serve both, or at least give one a choice. The soup of the day, potato and leek, was of delicate flavor but redolent of Potato Buds. Could it be possible that they're making this stuff out of a dehydrated product? The Caesar salad starter was a nonentity, and might have been improved by a little ground pepper, which wasn't offered. My bride was mightily impressed by the grilled salmon....some of the best she'd ever had, she said. The effect was somewhat dissipated by the peculiar potato product offered as a side. If you like to peel off and eat the crust around the edges of a pan just used to bake scalloped potatoes au gratin, you'll like this stuff. I had the pork chop, which was very good without being memorable. It's served with a side of what they claim to be 'wild boar bacon' and unidentified greens. The pork, independently, was bland and without much character; but spear a bit of pork, add to the end of your fork a fragment of bacon, and then a green or two, and the dish is much improved. Dessert was uninteresting. The sorbet was of the store bought variety....and not top shelf stuff, either....and the apple tart was bland and as dry as if it been left in the oven overlong. The ambiance of the place leaves a lot to be desired for a celebratory experience. It might work for a business meeting, but it ain't no place I'd care to take a date, ever again. The dining room is crowded and noisy, making conversation difficult and at times impossible. The tables are too close together and I had to endure a face full of server's butt whenever he waited on, or cleared the dishes of, the folks at the table neighboring ours. I suppose I've saved the best....or the worst....for last. I haven't been as rushed by the waitstaff at a meal since my experience in an Army mess hall at Ft. Bragg, North Carolina. The place is being run as a money making machine and that means that they are trying to turn over tables as many times as possible in an evening. Services is overly rapid and one feels pressured to finish up and allow the waitstaff to get the next course on the table. The object, of course, is to get you fed and out the door, freeing up a table for another party. My wife resorted to the tactic of picking up her fork when she saw the bus-guy approaching....otherwise he'd be on us to clear the plates containing food over which we were tarrying, in his opinion, overlong.The check was presented to us the moment it was ascertained that we had completed dessert but before the plates had been cleared. I returned it asking that she bring it on AFTER we'd finished our coffee. Which, by the way, hadn't been offered, either. To his credit, the dining room manager did come over to apologize for rushing us, and comp'ed our coffee. He explained that "the standard in America is to present the bill when dessert had been finished". I beg your pardon? Not in any place I've ever dined, and I was born in Ohio.This place seems popular enough on a Saturday night, but I certainly won't be gracing its dining room any time soon. At this price point ($175 including wine and tip for the two of us) I expect more than what was offered. Sorry, folks, I know this sounds like a rant, and to some extent it is. It was an important evening for us....after all, twenty years only comes once in a marriage (well, most marriages, anyway)... and we had hoped for a gentler experience.
4	My mistake for eating 2 hours before going out to dinner here. I was meeting our wineries distrubutors sales reps and this is the restaurant they choose. Again, another restaurant in a strip mall. However, tarbells unlike michaels does a year round business. I though this was a good restaurant, and I liked the over the top whisky bread pudding. Though, I only ordered chicken which is hard to do great since, I knew that it was one of the few entrees I could finish.  The place has a great atmosphere. They also picked up our wineries the next day which was nice of the wine buyer.
3	"So I guess it doesn't take a lot to win on Iron Chef."  Said my older brother, two bites into the pan-seared mahi mahi special entree of the evening that we both ordered for our main course at Tarbell's.  I breathed a deep sigh of relief that my foodie snobbist sibling also found the flaky white fish served with spinach, mushrooms and saffron-infused fingerling potatoes as bland as the clothing sold at Ann Taylor.  Maybe the head chef was on holiday in someplace warmer and more suntan lotion friendly than Phoenix, AZ in December?  Clearly this dull dish, seemingly devoid of the saffron hyped-up in our waiter's description, was not award-winning cuisine worthy of a nod from those Iron Chefers!Fortunately, since bro and sis H. never subsist on entrees alone when out to dine, we were able to drown our sorrowful bellies with tender rings of cornmeal crusted calamari brilliantly accessorized with a salsa verde sauce and a stone ground mustard.  Both sauces were so delectably fashionable with those little rings of fried squid that I struggled to decide which one to use with each crispy morsel!  I appreciated that the restaurant split the starter on separate plates so that my brother and I didn't have to resort to stabbing each other with our forks to claim stake on the rings as opposed to the always questionable tentacles.  (We are the hungry, fast-metabolizing sorts.)  Little touches like that are always appreciated, and while Tarbell's proved to be a foodie "don't" with the mahi mahi, the restaurant was a definite "do" with their impeccable service.  I liked that they charged us the same price for a more expensive bottle of Zin, when they were out of the bottle my brother ordered.  I also liked that they refilled our glasses for us, so that I didn't have to feel like a sloppy lush when my glass started to inexplicably disappear.  And it was very pleasing to both H'ers when the restaurant encouraged our request for a big ole fat glob of pumpkin gelato to be served 'longside the ginormous hunk of Kentucky Bourbon bread pudding we ordered for dessert.  Even though the block 'o bread approximated the size of two of my fists, we devoured every spongy, raisin-specked forkful.  This is the kind of dessert that makes me want to declare bread pudding the best baked good on the planet.  Or at the very least, enough to bring me back to Tarbell's for another taste of the Iron Chef-winner's cuisine.  Especially if the always generous bro H'er is paying the $134 tab (for two).  He's an OK date -- he doesn't judge when I spill pumpkin ice cream or salsa verde on my cute Anthropologie (and coincidentally, UNbland) tops.  I'll keep him.  Unless of course he tries to take the last calamari ring off my plate...
2	This place is OK.  The food was prepared very, very well.  But the dishes were really boring.  The scallops were served with a wear array of accompanying sauces; the desserts were uninspired; and the appetizers were unremarkable.  The food is actually 3 stars, but considering the price, it's gotta be 2 stars.
5	I'm really good at picking out Scottsdale restaurants, I've decided.  Tarbell's uses locally grown organic produce & I like the statement on their menu "Eat well and often" -- my sentiments exactly.  Hmm, previous poster found menu uninspired or food bland.  Me, not so much.  I loved the "organic field greens with wood oven-roasted apples,...goat cheese and golden beets" for a starter.  I opted to go with a fairly traditional entree of butternut squash ravioli with roasted chestnuts, spinach and brown butter and it was exquisite.  Three of us shared entrees, actually, so I also tasted a wonderful "Scotch beef with buttermilk mashed and organic broccolini" and "barbecue chicken pizza with house-pulled mozzarella and grilled green onions".  Other menu options included big eye tuna tartare with taro chips and ginger cucumber relish or cornmeal crusted calamari with salsa verde and whole grain mustard sauces for starters.  And a double-cut pork chop with butternut squash-thyme bread pudding...grilled Scottish salmon on a crispy potato cake with molasses lime glaze.. several pizzas...for entrees.  And our sublime dessert was a chocolate cake with house-made ice cream.  Sides included "maple glazed carrots & cranberries" and "Mark's mom's mac & cheese".  Something for everyone.  Excellent service (they also had a wonderful Reisling by the glass -- hard to come by), streamlined, upscale surroundings -- all in all, a terrific dining experience.  We'd go back tomorrow.
4	Its really sad to hear John S. factor parking while rating the food at Tarbell's. Perhaps he should have spent an additional couple dollars to valet; and olive oil served w/ bread instead of butter isn't really as "fashionable" as it is traditional, esp at Italian restaurants. One of my all-time favorites there are the spaghetti and meatballs. One of their signature dishes and probably some of the best I've had in town!  Our service last night was outstanding....as usual! The place is indeed small. Reservations on the weekend are necessary well in advance. So its easy to imagine that they try to turn tables quickly. No excuse, however, for a customer feeling rushed. Otherwise, the pasta dishes are especially fantastic and worth a small inconvenience. Bon appetite!
5	I don't know, I feel like throwing 5 stars on something is sorta silly, I mean what is perfection, hmmmm just kidding this place is perfect, if you love food (and ain't that what its all about) then tarbells is the cats meow for you. Its a tad pricey but your taste buds will be thanking you for days to come. Mark really cares about his product and pushes his dishes to new levels. Try the cheese cake with the rosemary caramel sauce, its not of this earth and it will ruin any other dessert exp you'll ever have.If you take a date there and don't get laid then you officially have no game and need to find cheaper places to go sucker.
4	This place is great!!Im kinda paranoid though about the frequency they touch your food. im not sure how clean their hands are.Some organic options, really good tuna.
4	We had a wonderful dinner here. We both visited during restaurant week and had the salad with apples which was a wonderful start. The butternut squash ravioli was delicious. Everything tasted fresh and unlike many restaurants that use butternut squash Tarbell's let the squash shine through rather than ladening it with sugar or other sweeteners. The sauce was a perfect accompaniment and the cheese on top melded delightfully with the ravioli and cream sauce. The sage leaf on top was a wonderful touch as well.  We asked the waiter to suggest a glass of wine and the wine he suggested went very well with the dish and was very enjoyable.  For dessert we had the chocolate cake which was very rich and wonderfully delicious. The ice cream on top helped cut through the richness a bit - finishing it felt guilty. The waiter was great. Overall it was a wonderful dinner. I would definitely go back on a special occasion.
3	I have to be honest. I wasn't really all that impressed. I mean, it was good, but I have heard people ranting and raving about this place for a long time so perhaps the expectations were a lot higher than they should have been.I got the scotch beef and it was delicious for the first few bites, and then I realized it tasted like the barbacoa from Chipotle. Service was good, but not anything outstanding.
4	Very good food. Had the pasta with bolognese sauce; very tasty. Bread pudding was divine. Service fair to partly cloudy. Table space is a bit tight. And, jaysus, does anyone put on decent garb to go out to dine anymore?  "Let's see: just finished mowing the lawn. Shit, shower and shave? Nah, blow it off honey, I'll go with what I got on..."MadMen on AMC should be required viewing where men actually put on a necktie when going to someone else's home for dinner. Not that a tie is mandatory, but put on a collared shirt and a jacket in the winter time. Might actually lead an onlooker to believe you're doing well...hell, you'll believe it yourself after a while; funny how that works.
4	A chef that can do great things with brussels sprouts always get major points with me, second only to one that can make creamy soups not laden with cream. Mark Tarbell does both exceptionally. On our last visit, I broke tradition of ordering the special of the night and opted for the chicken. Yes, big deal one thinks ... think again. There is something magical in that bird, a perfect balance of salt and crispiness. When available, I go ga-ga for the lamb with brussels sprouts and french lentils. Another must is the duck confit appetizer. Heaven. I typically don't bother with the pizza -- it is good, but not really an attraction. The by-the-glass list has several good selections, including a very well priced sparkling. The waitstaff is efficient, professional and friendly, something of a rarity even among many "upper echelon" establishments in the Valley. Yes, parking can be a bitch at that plaza, and yes, parts of the menu are a tad bit weather worn ... but sometimes there is nothing wrong with a little comfort food.
3	I have tried to love this place many times over.  As far as food goes, not on my list but the service is great!!
5	We went here for a belated Valentine's dinner. It was fantastic. Parking was a pain, but we eventually found a spot. They seated us immediately (we had reservations) and our server was very attentive. They immediately brought out bread (delish) and water. Not long after, our wine arrived. Speaking of wine, don't be scared when you see the wine list...I didn't see any wines by the glass, only bottles, so I simply told the server what I wanted, and there it was! I had the tagliatelle (sp?) pasta with wild mushrooms. SO good. I'm a big fan of earthy tasty yumminess, and this hit the spot. Why can't I do this at home?? Oh, and the soup... divine! The special was potato and leek soup. Perfectly smooth, must have been strained several times to get it this smooth. Very comforting. Hubby had the mac & cheese for an ap...YUM! That Vermont cheddar is just too good! He had the pork chop for his entree, and I will never be able to make pork chops at home again. Oh well! He thoroughly enjoyed it. For dessert we had the Iron Chef apples, which were perfect. We were pretty full by this point, but these three adorable little tasty apples were just the right finishing touch.The second best part of our night (the food was first, of course) was meeting Mark Tarbell! I tried not to act like a fool, but I watched him on Iron Chef, so it was cool to meet him! He was very friendly, very down to earth, and seemed genuinely concerned about our experience. He was walking around to all the tables...great chef! So for a nice night out, you can't beat this place. Enjoy!
4	I hadn't been to Tarbell's in while and I always enjoy the food there, so the Beautiful Carin and I went for dinner a couple of nights ago.As always the food was first rate.  Carin and split a Caesar salad (I think that's becoming a theme with us, but the Caeser here is pretty good, with anchovies on request). I had the salmon, which I hadn't had before, and it was good (I don't usually get seafood in Phoenix...even Salt Cellar, Wildlfish, Ocean Club, etc., don't really measure up to Portland, Seattle and SFO, where I spent so much of my misspent youth).Carin had the pan-roasted chicken, which is also quite good. On previous visits I have had the mustard Pork Chop (which I can also recommend) and the Cheese burger (which isn't as good as others in the area.Add a couple of glasses of Syrah and it was a very pleasant dinner. The service was good (attentive but not intrusive or rushed) and while not cheap at $100 for 2, it's not the priciest by a good big margin, and well worth it!I think of Tarbells when I want something that's comfortable but upscale and a little bit different (not just another steak or grilled Chilean Sea Bass with some kind of glaze). Mark Tarbell has thought this place out pretty well, and it's a very appealing spot.
4	Tarbell's is the restaurant I go to whenever I'm in Phoenix because the staff is always gracious and a pleasure to be around.  The food is not on par with the finer restaurants but I am rarely disappointed with my selections.  The Scotch beef is an old standby and the home made pasta never fails to disappoint.  Jim Galen gives some excellent wine recommendations so be sure to get his advice on pairings.
5	UPDATED IN AUGUST Excellent. About everything you'd expect from a high-end restaurant. I have to start with a long-ish story that tells a lot about the place: When we were sitting at the bar, Shaq walked in and went to the VIP private room. (Tarbell knows how to show off his VIPs--the private room has a glass door looking out to the other tables.) Anyway, Shaq's publicist (I assume) was sitting next to me and my wife at the bar and was in a rather heated discussion with the restaurant manager. She wanted appetizers served right away to Shaq and the other guests (who were already seated in the private room,) so that he could get on with whatever other celebrity things he had to do that night. The manager refused, saying he didn't want to interfere with the flow of the meal by serving courses rushed or out of order. To me, refusing to cater to a celebrity to maintain the integrity of the meal is the sign of a truly great restaurant. Anyway, onto the meal. First off, a first-rate mojito at the bar. I mean REALLY good. Ambiance is very modern and upscale, dangerously close to "see and be seen" but not quite going over. The food really was spectacular. A hand-pulled mozzarella dish (basically a caprese) with unbelievably fresh, rich cheese, sweet and fresh basil and tomato that was better than farmer's market heirlooms. Even the micro-greens on the side were nutty, fresh and delicious, without any of the bitterness you often get with sprouts. My wife had a fennel and orange soup. Not ingredients you normally think of putting together and I was hesitant to even try it, but it was spectacular! Fresh, light and wonderfully blended, subtle flavors. I enjoyed a cioppino that was surprisingly delicate and loaded with tasty seafood. My Cast Iron Pepper Steak was slightly disappointing. It had an overwhelming amount of pepper on it--really a pepper crust. This was easily remedied with a little scraping, so it wasn't too bad. The accompanying pan-creamed spinach and au gratin potatoes were incredibly rich and amazingly good. I actually enjoyed the sides more than the steak itself. My wife had a perfectly cooked Yellowfin tuna steak that was rich and wonderfully flavored on its own but the soy- mirin broth was somewhat overpowering for the delicate fish. We shared a marscapone cheesecake for dessert that my wife said was the best she's ever had. It had an unusual rosemary-caramel sauce that really put it over the top. Just an amazing sauce. Overall a fantastic dining experience. Michael made the rounds to all the tables (not something you see as often anymore,) the atmosphere was comfortable and casual and even though they were very busy the staff was attentive and smoothly presented an excellent meal. A truly wonderful dining experience.
3	So I had the pepper steak. The meal consisted of, crusted cracked pepper corn hand cut new york steak, pan creamed spinach with augratin potatos. The steak was prepared over done closer to medium well rather than medium, was rather tough but had good flavor. The spinach was actually sauteed no cream used. The potatoes were perfect. Service was good but not great, the server was unable to answer questions about the wine selections but did offer a suggestion from a winery a friend of his runs in Oregon. The Fox Family Farms red wine was a good compliment to the meal. The mojito I had as well was tasty and potent.
4	Pretty damn good.  I'd say that going on a weeknight you'd see more of the Geriatric crowd there, but who gives a rats ass? This is the guy that smashed Kat Cora's face in on Iron Chef!  His cuisine reigned supreme! :D Anyway I went with my girl, she had the chicken I had the linguine with clams.  Fan-fucking-tastic.  Her chicken was cooked PERFECTLY - they even got the skin ontop nice and crispy.  My pasta was obviosly fresh and the broth/sauce it was served in with clams was soo god damn delish I had to soak it all up with bread before I let the bus boy have my plate.  Desert - very good, I had something made of chocolate, but my dates desert  - the strawberry short cake, on a sweet biscuit was a bit sour and not as sweet as we hoped. NOT bad by any stretch, but not what we were thinking it'd be.  The waitress promptly took it off the bill when we told her we didn't like it, saying she wants us to love our experience and to come back!  RAWK ON! Tarbell's FTW!!
3	JKL chapter 2So at the risk of sounding like a Victrola I am becoming more and more disappointed with Valley bourgeois eateries. There is invariable something that becomes slightly bittersweet by the end of meal. Or beginning with Pizzeria Bianco.                                                    -side note-Sorry Chris, but your lines and wait times are outrageous. Simply because you are  the newest crush of Martha Stewart and Oprah should not allow your reputation to act like a Van Buren streetwalker. If people are first or second in line when it opens, they should have not to wait an additional hour to be seated. Phoenix is your bread and butter. If you lose us, your street cred will diminish faster than Lohan's descent into Dante's inferno. Ok I am done. So we arrived a few minutes past our reservations but this did not deter our hostess from seating us immediately. Very nice. And it was still busy at 8:30. Almost boisterous. We were happy. After a few minutes, servers presented us with chilled water and bread served with olive oil. The service was prompt on refills but not overbearing. Big point there. The bread was unremarkable as was the olive oil. Not very flavorful nor was the bread soft. But it was not bad. We then order tuna tartare and and house pulled mozzarella (their name for Caprese salad). The salad would only be adequate for 2-3 people to share. However, it was delicious. Arugula, basil..well you know the rest. Very fresh, flavorful. The balsamic was amazing. The tuna was fresh but nearly flavorless. If I closed my eyes while eating it, I would have insisted that it was salty diced roma tomatoes via bruschetta. We also order a New Zealand sauvignon blanc. It was a good selection. K ordered the pan roasted chicken. We started chuckling over this decision as chicken does not have various temperature deviations like beef or fish. So if they pulled off chicken well, that is a good sign. L ordered the bass but we were informed approximately 10 minutes later that they were out. Our spunky waitress apologized profusely.  L ordered Salmon with crispy potato cake with molasses lime syrup. I asked for the cast-iron pepper steak served medium. K enjoyed his chicken. This is good news for Tarbells. L's fish and crispy potato cake were overwhelmed with the molasses and made the dish seem like more like dessert. Our waitress got L a new dish (3rd times the charm, right?). The manager came over and apologized. But she like it better than the first (or is it second) although it was a bit dry and missing flavor. My steak was 2/3 medium and 1/3 well-well done. It was quite peppercorny. Good cut, but the temp was off. And it could have used some more salt  from the chef so I would not have to salt it so. Perhaps it is my savory tongue that is too blame. It was not bad, just not great. The side potatoes of this dish were divine.They comped our dessert, which was Warm Chocolate Cake with Pistachio Ice Cream. The ice cream was still solid when we got it instead of melting into some sweet fugue. The ice cream was tasty with hints of a liquor. L told me she thought our dessert was comparable to Safeway. Although it was comped, it still failed to wow us.The food was almost completely unremarkable. The service was great. I would take servers-in-training to show them what exceptional service is. But not chefs. Bittersweet....
5	This was my 2nd time here.  If you order the mussels for a starter, be prepared...  they bring enough to feed 4 people.  The wine sauce with the mussels was the best I've had. My only complaint, there was no bucket.  You have to shell on your appetizer plate.  I had a beef dish that was marinated in brandy or some liquor.  Delicious.  My wife had Mahi and she loved it.  The service is 5-star.  Wine list is insane and they have a lot of wines by glass.  They also have a great selection of rare drinks like buddhahand vodka.  Lastly, I'm always a big fan of complimentary valet parking.
4	I'm yelping out Tarbells a few months late beause I forgot to do it right after my first visit! Hubby took me for Valentine's Day this year.  Great little romantic spot.  He tried the spaghetti and meatballs-didn't like it at all.  Felt that the sauce was a little bland and watered down.  I ordered the filet-which came out perfect and melted in my mouth-so good.  The manager came by and asked how our food was-I encouraged hubby to be honest.  He was.  They apologized profusely.  He then ordered the pan roasted chicken-loved it.  They also offered to make me a new meal since it was Valentine's Day and "i shouldn't have to eat alone."  Hubby didn't mind so I kept eating.  Mark Tarbell came by after the chicken came out to make sure it was to hubby's liking.  What do you say to the owner/Iron Chef?  Hell yeah he liked it!In the end the wonderful manager at Tarbells comp'd our ENTIRE meal-4 glasses of wine, salads, appetizer and meals!  He said he did this since it was Valentines Day and they wanted the night to be perfect for us.  You don't come across such great service everyday.
5	My kids took me to Tarbells for my birthday.     It was not my first time...in fact I am a regular.     One might assume menu fatigue or something like that.    One would be wrong.Each dish we tried was phenomenal.   Fish of the day...lobster basil risotto...scotch beef.        I think Tarbells is better than ever under Chef Steven's culinary leadership.     The service is friendly and competent.      Every experience there is wonderful.Tarbell's is my favorite restaurant.     It should be yours.
5	Hands Down. The best food I have ever eaten. I've always watched the Food Channel and wondering what critics were saying when "flavors marry each other" or "food melts in your mouth". Well, I'm not a professional critic. But now I know exactly what they  were talking about. I ordered appetizer, salad, main course and dessert and had a food orgasm in my mouth!
4	It's a great date place. The food is good and the chocolate cake is ridiculously good.  I've been twice. Great service everytime. They have a small room for larger parties and with 8 people it was very, very tight, but I will definitely return! Parking is a real challenge on a weekend night -- get the valet.
4	Good wine at good prices. Pork tenderloin was excellent. Ribbon pasta w/ sausage was spicy but great if you're into that. Definitely worth a visit. Good mix of people, from 20s to 60s....casually laid back.
5	The only bad thing here, the acoustics...and waiting for a table even though we made reservations a week ahead of time for my birthday. (Waiting when you have a reservation and then having he staff expect you to spend money at the bar is just a pet peeve of mine) The food isn't overly fancy. Its just very fresh, made well with great ingredients. The scotch beef was fab as was the chocolate cake. The service was decent even though they were busy. It was hard because the tables are so close to each other, but it worked out ok. Def worth a try, but I would warn them that there are a few things they could work on, food isn't one of them. The portions are perfect and everything is cooked perfectly. AND my mom is a chef and she was with us and agreed:)
3	So Tarbell's is a nice place to eat, with friendly people, and a good neighborhood crowd. The servers, the bussers, the hostesses, everyone is nice. I can't stress that enough.We were ridiculously excited to try the food, after hearing so much about it for so long. It was like the excitement you get when someone tells you they are taking you on vacation to the most beautiful place on earth but you don't know where. You know, when you just are awaiting something spectacular but you don't really know how spectacular?The mussel appetizer was outrageous. There was a bowl of probably 50 of the biggest meatiest suckers I'd ever seen. Served with a garlic butter broth that I ordered more and more bread just to sop up... it was amazing. We went straight to the main courses afterward, which were much less appetizing to look at, and even more so to eat. I ordered the Ahi Tuna, which was served in three cubes, very similar to a tuna tartare appetizer. Served dusted in smokey paprika, it was almost as if I were eating paprika rather than fish. Needless to say, it was a huge disappointment. The girlfriend's spaghetti and meatballs, something Tarbell's is known for we hear, were nothing more really than spaghetti and meatballs. Then again, what all can you do with spaghetti and meatballs that nobody else has done? The side of mac n' cheese was well, mac n' cheese. Desserts were somewhat a saving grace, but only moderately. I had the bread pudding and enjoyed it well enough. It was sitting in a very bourbony sauce and carried a great aroma and texture. All in all, I'd say Tarbell's is serving two things... standard fare with higher quality ingredients (mac n' cheese, spaghetti and meatballs, bread pudding) along with experimental dishes that are hit or miss (ahi tuna, mussels) to overall garner a good but not great review from me. I'm sorry, but I just don't see it. If I order a piece of fish, I want it to taste like fish, not a paprika lick.
5	Tarbell's is at the top of the food chain here in Phoenix. In the dozens and dozens of times I have been here I have never been, nor have my guests ever been, let down.The drinks are outstanding, the wine list well thought out, the menu a perfect mix that makes you think "gee I wish I could have the Scotch Beef (best item on the menu) and Mark's Famous Spaghetti and Meatballs." Great News you can!  I will have a half order of this and a half order of that, and they say "no problem!"Anyway, Mark Tarbell has created a special place that all should enjoy at least once; but I recommend not limiting yourself to just once.Call for reservations, but keep in mind that the bar is a great place to have your meal as well...
4	I have been there many times, including business dinners. We always seem to get the same waiter with the pony tail. He never disappoints. The food is always consistent, and the restaurant is always packed. I really enjoy going here for good italian food.
4	This restaurant was a treat.  Having just moved from NYC, we are having a hard time finding restaurants that meet our standards.  This place was a delight to our taste buds! I enjoyed their home made pasta with sausage- the red sauce and peppers were a nice touch and the dish was perfectly spiced.Matt had their scotch beef and it was tender and perfectly cooked- he described it at succulent with a flavorful burgundy sauce.The real winner was their marscapone cheesecake- OMG! It was so amazing that we ordered one to go - to treat our babysitter/friend!A great date spot and the service was tasteful and impeccable.
4	I loved the Muscle starter, amazingly fresh.  Their fresh masseralla salad was very good as well.  I had the pepper steak and my date had the house pasta, just a note on the side they do have a very vegetarian friendly menu.   For desert we have the creme brulee, im not a big desert fan, but it was soooo goood!!! The servise was excellent as well. over all it was a great experience.
4	Other than the sold out specials at our 7:30pm seating at Tarbell's I was pleased with the restaurants' favorable aesthetic and crowd. I love an open kitchen where patrons can play audience to rising cooking flames and hot dishes ready to be served.Cubed ahi tuna and chick peas to start (sounded interesting.) And for my main, the vegetarian dish "made with love" as the menu stated - was indeed.  Not to be forgotten, a beautifully assorted dessert platter on the house as a birthday present and dinner topper boasting a rich array of decadent sweets including my favorite the mascarpone cheesecake with warm rosemary caramel sauce.Mark Tarbell, I'm hooked and I'll be back for more next time I'm visiting Phoenix's camelback area.
3	Like many of the reviewers here have noted, I had pretty high expectations before we ever sat down at our table on Friday night.  I had heard of this place as a foodie-favorite and I love supporting a local celeb-worthy chef.After a great cocktail at the bar (LOVE the atmosphere including the open kitchen -- very warm space with high energy), we sat and enjoyed the mussel app.  The size of this appetizer was disarmingly huge!  When the server brought out two large bowls, I was so confused that I asked if he had put in an order for each of us; the server kindly explained that it was just one order that he split for us (WOW).  I did not finish the app, partially because it was so huge and partially because it wasn't life-altering and I wanted to hold out for better flavors to come.I ordered the fish special (can't remember the fish name now, but it was a sea-bass like white fish) and my date ordered the peppersteak.  We did some splitting and switching on our entrees, and honestly...they were good -- totally solid.  ....but I felt bad for having such high expectations.  Solid wasn't what I was expecting...I was expecting impressive, surprising, can't-get-enough.Overall I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the food was good; I wouldn't hesitate to go here for a business dinner or accept an invitation to go, but I won't be picking it in the near future.  Because I wanted to like it so much, I hope that I do go again in the future to explore the menu a bit more and perhaps better understand the hype -- the potential seems like it should be there.
5	Last month, while at a conference in Phoenix, a group of about 16 of us made reservations and went to Tarbell's. I had heard great things about this place and being a bit of a foodie, I was excited about it. I began to worry because... well, you know when you build something up in your head and it doesn't live up to what you are expecting? Two months is a lot of anticipation!I was lucky enough to be seated with four other people that were big foodies too, which was perfect. We all loved food and, even better, we liked to share. Score! Still... would it live up to the hubbub? I've only watched Iron Chef a few times, but had no idea the chef had won it, quite honestly. Had I, I probably would have skipped the restaurant, honestly. I'm glad I didn't because this was one of those meals that I will remember for a good long time. One of the ladies at my table was also from Austin (where I'm from) and we are still working out how we can get Mr. Tarbell to move here (hey, if you're reading this, Mark, Austin is a super cool city... just sayin').We tried many of the things on the menu, I'll share my favorites... For the table we ordered the Brussels Sprouts as well as the Shisitho Peppers. I'm not a pepper fan, but those that liked them said they were well done. The sprouts were perfectly cooked and we managed to convert one person in our group that claimed they did NOT like them. Heh, apparently she loves them now. For salads, I tried a few, but my favorite was the beet salad. Absolutely must get this. It was amazing, the goat cheese was mild and the flavors blended beautifully. The house pulled mozzarella was also very good.For the main course, I had the Pan-Seared Ahi Tuna (rare). OMG. I have had quite a bit of ahi in my life, but this was, easily, the best. It simply melted in your mouth. The nicoise on the side was a perfect compliment to bring out the flavor for the fish as well as the potatoes that were served on the side. I also got to enjoy some of the salmon (divine) and house-made ribbon pasta (absolutely wonderful). The stand out for me was definitely the ahi, but really adore tuna, if done correctly.We also skipped dessert. Until we saw the menu. None of the four of us could decide on any one thing, so we each ordered something and then passed them around in circles. We got a few laughs, but hey, you only live once, right? I must say that the desserts were all simply amazing (and huge!). The stand out was the mascarpone cheesecake with rosemary caramel sauce (Oh my, I wonder if my spouse would think it odd if I booked a trip back there JUST to get a slice of this cake - Psssst, the recipe is on their website though!). We also had the bread pudding, which I was leery of, but it was, again, absolutely amazingly well done. We had the apples (which I didn't get to try, I'm allergic, but everyone said they were so very good) and the profiteroles (which one of my table mates had a bit of a When Harry Met Sally moment over). *laugh*The staff were attentive, answering our many questions. We never felt rushed and spent a good time talking and enjoying the company. The restaurant itself seems very unassuming in a small strip mall type of area. Parking looks like it could be a bit of a problem (we took a hotel shuttle). The place is a bit on the loud side, but nothing we needed to scream over. I would not hesitate to bring my husband or business folks here again. Though, definitely not a place for kids.Thank you, Tarbell's, for a memorable evening of good food, good atmosphere and good fun.
5	Be still my beating heart!When I moved here almost four years ago...I was looking for a restaurant to host a very special occasion for 7 guests.  I went around and checked out several highly recommended establishments and Tarbell's was my last stop of the day.  It was actually closed on the day that I arrived to check it out so I just looked through the windows into the restaurant and when I saw their semi-private partial glass enclosed dining room, I knew this was the place.On the day of the event, we had two vegetarians in our party and that was not a problem at all (I think their food was actually the best).  Instead of getting an entree, my son ordered three sides and he was completely happy w/his meal.  I recall having the raspberry mojitos and chocolate martini and both were sensational.  Dessert was also top notched and to make the experience even sweeter, Mark Tarbell came by to congratulate us and thanked us for choosing his restaurant to host our special event.From beginning to end, our meals felt like it was taking us on a culinary adventure.  Service was also excellent and everyone in the party agreed that we'd come to a very special place indeed.I've been back to Tarbell's on a couple more occasions since then (always w/guests in tow) and the experience has always been the same...everyone leaves completely happy.  This is a very memorable place and I would come here more frequently if it wasn't so far from my house.
5	Just a great local restaurant  -- great food (with nice twists) and exceptionally service
5	Excellent place, excellent service and excellent food.You can't go wrong here.  Highly recommended.
5	My favorite Restaurant in Phoenix by far, I keep searching for better, but who knows why!Dishes that separate Tarbell's from others: Soups to die for Caesar the way it was meant to taste Pommes Frites as heavenly as any in Paris or                                      Brussels Sliders to crave many days after Scotch Beef I continue to dream about Pan Roasted chicken - I NEVER order chicken in a                                      Restaurant, except here Mac & Cheese good enough for dessertIf this isn't FIVE STAR in Phoenix, I can't imagine what is, but I want to go there!
5	I have never had a bad meal here. It's a bit pricier than a lot of other places, but I'd rather pay more and GET more than fill up with a bunch of filler. I should probably eat in more so that I can eat here more often!
5	I have been here a half dozen times but realized I hadn't written a review after my last visit. I love Tarbell's, plain and simple. The food here is always spot-on and they have some of the best comfort food selections. The spaghetti and meatballs are so good I have had day dreams about them!  Their mac and cheese is smashing as well, we usually get an order of it for the table to share. I recently got the scottish salmon and it was top-notch. For dessert, their creme brulee is amazing- wow! It is definitely a treat to eat here!!
5	Several years ago while on vacation in Hawaii, my wife and I attended a cooking class led by chef Tarbell. Since then, we have wanted to go to his restaurant. Recently we were in Phoenix for short getaway and made it for dinner. The corn bisque was fantastic and the rest of the meal was just as good.We tried two different desserts. I ordered the bread pudding and my wife had a cheesecake. The whiskey sauce on the bread pudding really had a whiskey taste to it which was a bit overpowering for my wife's taste. Her cheesecake was very tasty.
5	My boyfriend and I went here for our anniversary, and it was very good. The ambience was a little old school, but the food was great. We split a light salad to start and the waiter had them split it onto two plates for us, which was really nice. The salad was flavorful, but not overpowering. I had scotch beef for my main and he had BBQ pork. They were both delicious! I could have licked the bowls. Finally for dessert we had this amazing cheesecake with rosemary caramel sauce. It was so rich and wonderful. This place is a bit pricey, but it is so worth it.
4	Everytime I come here, I feel that I am transported to a restaurant in a different city.  The meals here are delicious but the quality over the years appears to have diminished somewhat.  My favorite is still the creamed corn, no matter what I order off the menu, I always get a side of creamed corn.  The rest of the menu is solid.  I tend to bring clients and out of town guests here.  For my day to day cravings, the meals are a little too heavy but for an occassional treat its not a bad bet.
4	Good food and good service.  The Olive oil they used was really flavorfull.  Felt the prices were higher than the quality and quantity of food given or would have gave a 5.
5	4.5 stars rounded up to 5.  Excellent restaurant.  Had a great meal at Tarbell's.  Ambiance and service were very nice. Food was truly wonderful. We had the famous spaghetti (trust me-its a main course) and the special ravioli. Both were very tasty, cooked to perfection and the ingredients and spices just exploded on the palate. Also, prior to that had the beefsteak/'tomato salad, and the house salad.  All greens, fresh, crispy and tasty. Nice wine list.  Split the bourbon chocolate bread pudding to finish the evening. Highly recommended for fine dining in Phoenix.
4	Had an early Valentine's Day dinner on Sunday.  This is our favorite place in town and the food was wonderful as always, but soup came room-temperature.  They quickly replaced it with steaming-hot bowls, so no harm no foul.   My only real problem is that the service was rushed.  The waiter was friendly, but not very attentive and food came too quickly. (Yes, that is possible for a romantic dinner out!)  Maybe they have spoiled me, but I expect a bit more from this place.
4	The place exemplifies the casual elegance that Phoenix is renowned for.  This is the type of place you eat at before a night at the symphony.  The food, the service, and the atmosphere are all excellent.
5	This is my favorite restaurant!.  They do everything right.  The food is amazing the service is amazing and the overall customer service can't be touched.  This establishment is the whole package.  A few of my favorite dishes are the scotch beef and the chicken sausage pasta.  The cheese pizza is divine as well.  No wonder Mark beat Cat Cora on Iron Chef America.  Try this place you will not be dissappointed!
5	Tarbell's is top notch in all areas!  Food quality, service, ambience, amazing!  I recently took ten business associates there for a meeting, and I got nothing but compliments the next day on such an excellent choice of restaurant!  Definitely try the Spaghetti & Meatballs as well as the Mac N Cheese, and even the Pizzas are to die for.  And the burger too!  You really cant go wrong here.  Warning the deserts here are HUGE (yet amazing).  One desert is enough for 2-3 people!
5	I have no complaints about Tarbell's. I've eaten here more than a dozen times and have never been disappointed. I met the owner Mark Tarbell, which made me fall in love with this place even more. They use as much local organic produce as as they possibly can and rather than throwing away all the used vegetable oil, they re-use it for the owner's car which has been converted to run on veggie oil rather than gasoline. Fantastic for our local economy and the environment. The service is fantastic, food is orgasmic, very lovely atmosphere, great wine list. I've ordered so many items off the menu that going into luscious details on any one and not the other would be an injustice. Every time I eat here I catch myself saying "this is the best ______ I've ever had".
5	I have eaten here several times over the years, but it had been about two years.  I have always had a great meal here.  This time I had the halibut with beans and mushrooms in a broth (it was the special of the night).  This is the best piece of fish I have ever had in my life.  The service was also excellent.  I am glad I refreshed myself on what a killer restaurant this is.  Incredible!
5	In my business I'm fortunate that insurance company people come out every quarter to wine and dine me, and I always get to pick the restaurant!I've been hearing fabulous things about Tarbell's for years, and have been making my way to dine there for awhile. Last night was THE night!As I walked in the door, the hostess was smiling and the owner/chef Mark Tarbell was standing right there to welcome the guests - and since I'm a huge fan of Iron Chef America, I was incredibly excited to meet him. The waiter was soft spoken and really pleasant, and the bread they bring to your table was delicious. Upon perusing the menu, there were several things that caught my eye - the Crispy Chickpeas, the Calamari and the House-Pulled Mozzarella. I'm a huge fan of the last two (and they were really good), but the first one had me a little skeptical. The Crispy Chickpeas were DELICIOUS! Crispy, a little cheesy, and just perfect.The Tuscan Kale also had all of us a little skeptical, since kale is generally bitter. Not so with this delightful salad, I could eat it every day!For the main course we ordered the Mr. Fish of the Moment (halibut), Pan-Seared Ahi Tuna and the Cast Iron-Seared Pepper Steak - ALL of these were absolutely perfect in temperature and flavor! Dessert is a must, especially here! We split several desserts - Mascarpone Cheesecake  with Rosemary Caramel Sauce (TO DIE FOR)Profiteroles with Vanilla Bean Gelato & Chocolate Sauce (AMAZING)Southern Bread Pudding with Kentucky Bourbon SauceThe "Beloved" Chocolate Mousse Featuring Guittard Chocolate (MY FAVORITE)I tried and loved them all!Bottom line - this is now at the top of my favorites list. I would eat here every day if I could afford it!
4	Tarbell's has good food, good service and a comfortable ambiance. I had the beet salad and it was amazing! The halibut had a nice broth and the pea leaves were a nice touch! My only complaint is that the stringy part of the pea leaves (the shoot) should've been removed (not edible). In Chinese cooking, a lot of labor goes into removing this stringy portion of the shoot. The beef dish with the buttermilk mashed potatoes were melt in your mouth delish! The ice cream cream puff dessert was good, but not to die for. My friend and I stopped by after going to a kids soccer game and we were a bit underdressed. The wait staff was friendly and it wasn't  problem.
3	We missed what the fuss is all about.  Had heard about the place forever, finally went and had just ok experience.  Wedge salad for $11 bucks?  Sorry, you lost me there...esp when I ordered it without the famous blue cheese and got charged the same anyway. Nothing fatal about this place, but with all the other great restaurants around Scottsdale, I would go elsewhere.
5	What took us so long to find this place?  The food is wonderful, the service is top drawer, and the atmosphere hits the exact right tone of hip.  We eat in restaurants frequently, and this is as thoroughly fine a dining experience as I have had in a very very long time.  Can not wait to return.
4	We had dinner here the other night.  Wonderful, very good service, great suggestions, they gave us a really good seat.  The mozzarella is amazing and the chicken sausage pasta was done perfectly... enough for two to share.  A great experience with very good prices, you are paying for the high quality food and not the location.  Loved it!
5	Sweet Pea and I finally got to Tarbell's for dinner the other night.  I've lived here my whole life, but have never gotten there for some reason or another, so it was time.  What a great all around meal.  The food, service, atmosphere, everything was just top-notch.  Sweet Pea started out with the field greens, which he liked, but I had the kale salad which was excellent.  I'm a kale fan, but I've never really eaten it raw.  I'm a convert now, because I loved the salad and ate every bite.  We then had the scotch beef (him) and vegetable plate (me) with a side of the chickpeas.  The ingredients tasted so fresh, and the olive oil with the bread was really spectacular.  I've never tasted olive oil so fruity and delicious, even in Spain.  We would normally have enjoyed their extensive wine list, but we were in the mood for cocktails on that particular night, so we ordered mojitos.  My were they delightful!  Just the right balance of tangy and sweet- we both hate our mojitos too sweet.  Finally, we finished off the meal by splitting the strawberry shortcake.  Again, fresh and delicious.  We will definitely be going back.
4	After reading yelp reviews for over an hour, I  found this restaurant whose chef happened to beat Cat Cora in Iron Chef, I had to try it.  We passed by it earlier when driving and the strip mall is nothing to write home about.  In fact, it looks very 1970's.    I never thought there would be such a good restaurant in this mall.The service is absolutely OUTSTANDING!  The water glasses never were more than half empty, food came out quickly (not pushy quickly), and the waitress did an AWESOME job describing the dishes.  She clearly is a foodie.  Being a foodie myself, I like hearing people describe food very expressively.  Wine - fantastic wine list!  We were looking at wines and the waitress recommended one which was fantastic.- Carpaccio - good and alot of it.  (it was a bit heavy on the salt and I love salt).  Mussels - you get a ton of them but the flavor wasn't as flavorful as I would have expected. The chicken sausage w/tomatoes, fresh pasta ribbons in a parmesean broth - EXCELLENT!   Bread - excellent.  My expectations were that of a 5 star restaurant, the experience was 5 stars, food 4 (only because of being an Iron Chef winner).  Menu is well rounded and offers many differen options - all farm fresh.
4	Yeah... I did it. I was in the Phoenix area and could not resist checking out the Iron Chef competitor and toppled Cat Cora. So with taste buds set for battle and stomach ready to receive I ventured in.The restaurant is quaint. The waitress was incredibly helpful. I am one of those "tapas" eaters...yup I enjoy a little bite of everything and especially if it comes in the form of outside my comfort zone. Granted, the items on the menue here are fairly standard fair, but done exceptionally well. I had the swordfish and beef carpaccio. Both were absolutely excellent. The service was top notch, it did get a bit noises (but the noise was fun energetic chatter...which was nice). Visually the food was average...but probably better than most restaurants. What I apprecaited was visually it was still manageable and you didn't feel as you didn't know what your next step was...take a picture, poke it, smell it...stare at it. Anyways, good stuff, I will be back!
5	I decided to try this Tarbell's after reading all the great reviews and it didn't hurt to hear about the owner winning on Iron Chef. I have to say this was a wonderful meal.I had the Scotch beef and my wife had the salmon, great flavor and quality. The service was very good, our waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu and made great recommendations on what to order. Very glad that we chose this place while in Phoenix.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix and certainly worthy of the Iron Chef.  The decor is kool, without trying too hard - and the food is absolutely fabulous. If you're looking for a full-flavored dish, try the spaghetti and meatballs - they are to die for good.  Made with organic tomatoes and hefty, beefy orbs...delicious.
5	I try to eat here once a month.  It continues to be exceptional in regard to service and high quality.  One of Arizona's best restaurants.
5	Everything that I have ever ordered (or eaten off of my partner's plate) has been superb.  We usually can't resist getting appetizers and dessert along with our meal because everything is delicious.
2	Had high expectations from zagat   Nice decor.  Good service  but the food underwhelmed.   Carpaccio bland except from the lemon squeezed on it. Calamari greasy dipping sauces boring. Cioppino very southwest like chile with seafood.
4	I love how many great restaurants in the Phoenix area are in strip malls. It always makes me giggle.  Atmosphere is nice - it's contemporary and has good energy.We shared the calamari appetizer, it was great.  Nothing highly unusual, just good calamari.I had the chicken sausage pasta dish.  It was yummy, but not as good as the scotch beef my parents ordered.  GIven the chef won "Iron Chef America" (only challenger that season to beat an Iron Chef) - I expected the food to be a bit more adventurous. It's pretty straightforward - almost comfort food.Our service was great - the server had been there a long time. She was friendly and attentive.
5	We have been to Tarbell's numerous times and it is always an excellent dining experience. Most recently we went for dinner on Valentines Day, 2012.We were promptly seated then water and bread with EVOO were served moments after we arrived. Our server was very informative, extremely pleasant and non-intrusive. Chef Tarbell came by our table and chatted for a few minutes then each course came out as the previous plate was lifted. The food is always fresh and delicious. My wife had the beet salad and I started with the potato and celery soup.  We both chose the fish of the day which was red snapper flown in from Maine. The bean medley that accompanied the fish was just as good as the entree itself.  Chocolate cake with pistachio ice cream polished of a wonderful Valentine's dining experience.Bravo Chef TarbellPSWe love this place so much because it is a place for foodies that is not pretentious. It is a business casual affair and the decor and layout are very appealing.  The windows always catch our attention because they remain impecibally clean.  You'll SEE what I mean.
5	Excellent birthday dinner!  Spot on service and the food was delicious! You can't go wrong with the Scotch Beef - met in your mouth good!
4	Nice bar and bartender. Had a drink and waited for the rest of our party to arrive. Had a Palma Fizz- like a vodka tonic w/ ginger which added a unique flavor. Wife had a Mai-Tai.Calamari for appetizer and Kale salad. Both were excellent.Our table got the Pepper Steak, House ribbon pasta, scallops and the Scotch Beef. All were excellent/ very good. I ate a combo of the scallops and steak. Both were cooked perfectly.Dessert we got 4 to sample. Caramel Cheesecake, Creme Brulee, Choc cake, and Bread pudding- all good. So many great desert choices. I will have to go back to try the Choc Mousse.Overall a very enjoyable evening. Server was great. Wait staff attentive. Will be back.
2	Ok, to be fair, I am that rarest of breeds: a vegetarian foodie. I realize that gives me a lot more challenges at many restaurants, but I have to say I was really disappointed with the food at Tarbell's. I had read all the reviews about how he was an Iron Chef competitor, etc, so perhaps I was expecting too much.We dined very early, so there was no issue with parking or crowding in the restaurant as many other reviewers had mentioned. We were seated immediately. Server was pleasant and informative as well as prompt. I have no issue at all with the service. In fact it was quite exceptional. It was the food which disappointed.I asked the server about vegetarian options. There was a seasonal vegetable mixture on the menu and the server convinced me that was the way to go. We discussed a few other options, but I went with his recommendation. When it came to the table the presentation was "interesting" but not especially appetizing. The flavor wasn't disgusting but certainly not great. I ate about a quarter of it. The server asked if I disliked it. I told him it was edible but not great. He instantly offered to replace it with something else. Points to him. I declined a replacement because there really wasn't anything else vegetarian-without-alteration on the menu that evening. I declined having him take the item off the bill as I did eat part of it. Without being asked the server informed me later that he had taken my entree off the bill. I forget what we had for dessert. That's a bad thing. Dessert should be memorable. All in all the bread was really good, the rest of the food was only ok, the service was great, ambiance was ok and the price was WAY too high for what we received, even with my $22 veggie-pile entree removed from the bill. I'm not a cheapskate and I am no stranger to a $200 dinner, but it better be a darn good experience for that. Sadly it wasn't. Dinner companion and I will not be returning.
4	I liked the fact that this was a smaller place, so thus a more intimate dining room, although the tables seemed a bit close. The wait staff was very friendly and mostly attentive although I do feel like other tables got a bit more attention (I think it's because I tend to be a younger diner at these types of establishments, which means I won't order as expensive items or won't tip as much - so wrong, but I digress). The house bread that was served was especially good and served warm - mmm.Our table ordered mac and cheese and onion strings to share. Both were super delicious, the onion strings came with a phenomenal dipping sauce that I loved. For my entree, I ordered one of the homemade pasta dishes which was very rustic and delicious, although the chicken sausage was a bit heavy handed with the fennel seeds. The others at my table ordered the special of the night that was some sort of fish and polenta that looked great. My fiance ordered the scotch beef which he loved as well. We also all ordered dessert, carrot cake (meh, I've definitely had better), chocolate mousse (pretty good, but standard), bread pudding with a bourbon sauce (super rich, pretty good), and homemade sorbets (the lemon being the best and very refreshing). I would say definitely check this place out, especially for special occasions.
5	After reading all the fantastic reviews on yelp, my husband and I to go to Tarbells to celebrate our first anniversary. We had made reservations, and were seated right away. The service was as good as it gets. And the food, was amazing. My husband ordered salmon, and I had the pan roasted chicken. Both were amazing. I never knew chicken could taste so good. For dessert, we split a piece of warm chocolate cake with pistachio ice cream.  When the dessert arrived, "Happy Anniversay" had been written across the rim of the plate, in chocolate. It was such a nice touch. Overall it was a fantastic dinner at a reasonable price. We will definitely go back to Tarbells.
2	I don't understand how this restaurant has become so popular.  Regrettablly, I have to eat there a few times a year as my boyfriend's father likes this place because of their round table in a semi-private room. Last night was hopefully the last time I will eat there until the Holiday season.  I ordered the Fire-roasted Seafood Chowder.  It was bland and lukewarm.  It tasted like someone opened a can of ro-tel tomatoes and added chuncks of overcooked Salmon.A chef should be ashamed to serve such a dish.  If it would have been just my boyfriend and myself dining - I would have sent it back without hesitation.  Did I mention that this "chowder" was $18 - ridiculous.I gave it two stars because the server was nice - but the food alone is one star.
5	I had the pleasure of dining with two lovely ladies this past Tuesday evening. We were coming here for Restaurant week, but ended up ordering straight off the menu. From start to finish, the service was outstanding. Our hostess greeted us with the biggest smile ever, our waitress was so very knowledgeable and I took her recommendation from my glass of wine ( Ancient Peaks Cab) to dinner (Grilled Organic Salmon on Crispy Potato Cake molasses, lime, McClendon's honey) to dessert (The "Beloved" Chocolate Mousse Featuring Guittard Chocolate) OMG! everything was amazing. The table even shared the Mac and Cheese made with Vermont Cheddar. I am telling you, if I was at home by myself, I would have licked the bowl. Same for the Chocolate Mousse. (still shaking my head it was so good)Will I be back, absolutely! It really was a great experience from start to finish!
2	Don't come here for restaurant week, overpriced menu for the food you get. Tried all 3 main dishes and they were all bland, needed to add lots of salt. Service was excellent on the plus side.
2	Bah.  I expected so much more.  Noca (one of my top 3 in AZ) is less than a mile away and I expected Tarbell's to be at least near the level of quality.  Now, I must say, the service was 5 stars (great server and charming Mr. Tarbell came by and chatted with us) However, the quality of what was on our table just simply wasn't there.  Two people in our party of three ordered off the restaurant week menu.  The fresh mozzarella appetizer was described as "delicious, but lacking pesto".  I ordered the Grilled Organic Salmon on Crispy Potato Cake molasses, lime, McClendon's honey.  The salmon was cooked to perfection and I thoroughly enjoyed the tangy glaze.  But OMG!!-- the crispy potato cake confused the hell out of me-- it tasted like burnt shoestring potato pieces.  Seriously. I expected crisp fritter or hash...something edible and not over-deep-fried.  Onto dessert.....I opted out, but the other 2 were given dessert with the restaurant week deal.  The mousse was terrific! (props to that) The doughnut holes were a letdown.  Like my potatoes, they where very overcooked.  In fact, one was ridiculously dark brown-- visibly over-fried.  We were kind of surprised it was even brought to our table like that.  For the price that we paid for average food, I really wished we would have gone across the street to Noca :(Highlights:  service, atmosphere, mozzarella, mousse
4	"Great place for dining solo!""Incredible food!""Friendly staff!""My go-to restaurant on the Camelback corridor."All of these are things that I've heard about Tarbell's time and time again over the years.  So, of course I had high expectations going in.  So when my friends Jared and Jane B suggested we do a double date at Tarbell's during the recent AZ Restaurant Week, I was totally game.Upon walking into Tarbell's, the hostess was incredibly friendly and welcoming and the atmosphere was warm and inviting while still being casual; my kind of place!  Nathan was our waiter and he was awesome.  He was patient with both my husband and our friend Jared as they went back and forth on what they wanted to order quite a few times.  He suggested a great bottle of wine for us also.I was the only one at the table who didn't order off of the restaurant week menu.  I went with a Caesar salad to start, the Salmon entree, and carrot cake for dessert.  I enjoyed the Caesar salad despite the lack of anchovies (I happen to love anchovies).  The salmon was a huge hit -- I think everyone at the table had order envy over it -- but I did share!  It was grilled to perfection, topped with a local molasses/lime/honey glaze and served on a crispy potato cake.  The carrot cake was good but not amazing.The restaurant week menu that everyone else ordered from had only one starter option: the pulled mozzarella.  However, I guess they ran out of it the night that we were there, so the manager came over and offered to substitute with other salad options.  This was a huge perk for everyone and much appreciated by our group.  Two people at our table had the Bolognese, but they said it was bland.  They were pleased with the other desserts (donuts and chocolate mousse).While I wasn't completely enamored with everything, our overall Tarbell's experience was a good one, and I definitely want to return to try more menu items in the future.  Double date or biz dinner, anyone?  Let me know!
4	Alright, so I went to this place with very high hopes. Yelpers raving about it, the place has all these awards, magazines are talking about it, there's an iron chef challenger/winner here, etc etc. With all the hype, I was a bit cautious, but still expecting to get my socks completely blown off. Was it a disappointment? I wouldn't go that far, the place is good. Service is awesome, food is high quality. But, it just isn't as great as what people will want you to think. Like most of my foodie adventures with friends, we all had a cocktail. They were all good, and we sampled a large selection. I don't think anything from this bar would disappoint. For food, we started with the crispy white beans. Very different, and that's why we got them. I still don't have a solid opinion on them, but they're strangely addicting. Salty, oily, cheesy, thyme-y. Give 'em a try, at least you can say you did. We also had the onion straws with Tarbell's "Secret Sauce." These are good, I'd recommend them for a group appetizer, but just nothing that spectacular.For the entree, obviously I had to try the scotch beef. This was pretty good. The gravy was amazing. The beef itself, though, is just a roast. I've had the same thing a thousand times at home. My mom could rival Mr. Tarbell's famous scotch beef anyday with a slow cooked roast, and she's no iron chef. Still, it was good and I would get it again. Tender, juicy, flavorful. The potatoes it sat on were good, too, but really the special part is the gravy.Others at the table had salmon and the house ribbon pasta. Salmon was good, nothing out of this world. The pasta was also not super impressive, just nice, good quality food.We couldn't resist dessert and got the chocolate cake with pistachio ice cream. This was truly awesome. Creme brulee was also really quite good. This review wouldn't be complete without mentioning the service and the atmosphere. This place really does a good job taking care of people. The server we had was amazing and all of the staff was super attentive. They know the menu, give good suggestions, and truly make you feel like a guest. This goes a long way nowadays in restaurants and in my opinion this alone gives them an extra star.Speaking of stars, this place is really good. In no way does it deserve a 5-star review. 4 stars, sure, but they aren't getting it on food alone.
5	Wow, incredible service, fantastic food and great ambiance.  We had Spinach Gnocchi, Carpaccio, Calamari and New York Strip all exceeded expectations.  Desert was Warm Chocolate cake with Pistachio ice cream and Cheesecake.  Highly recommend as a date spot, just a get together or special event.  Well worth it!
4	I have eaten here four or five times.  We always get the mussels to start, and they are always delicious and cooked just right.  The broth is great for dipping the bread in, although I could probably just use a straw.  The fish of the day was halibut.  It was very flavorful, but maybe just a tad overcooked.  The scallops were wonderful.  Great wine selection.  This place a lively atmosphere.  Not too noisy to hear across the table, but a good vibe.  The service was excellent.
3	I've been wanting to go to Tarbell's for awhile now, since it's such a greatly reviewed local restaurant, and because head chef Mark Tarbell also won Iron Chef America, when he battled Cat Cora with the secret ingredient of apple. (His winning dessert from the show is on the menu.)I'm disappointed I wasn't completely wowed by the place, but the friendly and knowledgeable staff was definitely appreciated.The restaurant's decor isn't particularly stunning. The tables do have linens on them, but the atmosphere was pretty plain, save for a few brightly colored paintings. The view outside is of a parking lot, so while the restaurant looks cool from the outside with its window walls, it's not fun to look at cars on cement while you're eating.The crowd skewed older, middle-age and above. Besides a couple kids with families, I might have been the youngest person dining there, which seemed sort of weird. It's definitely a place I'd rather go when I'm middle-aged and have savings to spend, rather than head there now.Food-wise, I was impressed with the abundance of locally grown ingredients. That's a really great thing to have in a restaurant, so it was really respectable, but the food just wasn't spectacular like I had hoped.The salad I started with, Maya's Field Greens ($9), had fennel, carrots and an amazing carrot vinaigrette (I left the beets off my salad.) It was really heavy on the greens (I sort of felt like a rabbit as I ate it), but because they tasted so fresh, it made up for the lack of diversity in the salad. And the dressing was so delicious, I would prefer it over ranch-and that's a big deal for me.For my entree, I had housemade fettuccine, with a spinach pesto sauce, squash, caramelized onions and goat cheese ($19). While the sauce was great, and I really enjoyed the goat cheese flavor, I wasn't as enthused with the consistency of the pasta. The strips were so thin, it almost melted together. It was difficult to twirl on my fork and a little messy to eat. I did like the combination of so many flavors, though.We also had crispy chickpeas ($4), which were very interesting. I prefer regular chickpeas to these crispy ones, but they were seasoned well with parmesan, olive oil and parsley and tasted even better when I added them to my pasta. I just wouldn't order them to eat them alone again.My favorite part of the meal, besides the tasty bottle of red wine we had from the massive wine list, was the dessert. We had chocolate mousse ($9), which was thick and creamy and topped with tasty whipped cream.The dessert wasn't enough to make me want to come back any time soon. I feel like I could get better farm-to-table food at chicer places for less money (see St. Francis). Maybe I'll try Tarbell's out again, but it probably won't be until I'm way older.
4	From one chef to another amazing job. Chef Tarbell has an amazing palette. And to his sue chef thank you. My birthday was made great thanks to the staff and accommodation of the whole establishment. Thank you and keep it chef.
4	Everything I ate was slightly better than I expected. The pepper-crusted steak was better than steaks I have had at MANY steakhouse in the valley.
5	This is absolutely my favorite restaurant to go to when visiting Phoenix. The "Scotch Beef" (pot roast) is absolutely the best I've ever had anywhere. They pile it on a bed of mashed potatoes with carrots, green beans, and onions. Then they cover it with the most delicious red-wine reduction gravy. I've eaten it two nights in a row its so good. The drinks are good too. Others I've gone with say the fresh fish dishes are excellent as well.
5	How in the world did we wait 10 years living in Phoenix before eating at Tarbell's? Doh! Magnificent! Not sure where to start - but we all enjoyed the appetizers, entrees, sides, cocktails and deserts. My wife had trouble deciding what to have - a good sign. Highly recommended - just choose what you like.
5	Great service, great food, highly recommend.  We had the scollops and they were to die for, the scotch beef and mac and cheese were also amazing.  Will definitely go back and recommend to friends.
5	I'm so glad after going to so many terrible restaurants recently that Tarbell is not just hype!The portions are pretty tiny.. but every bite I tried of every dish was pretty much Italian as good as it gets.  I had the ribbon pasta with sausage and spinach.  Also tried the bolognese.  Also tried the chicken.  The bread pudding I wasn't a huge fan of.  I can't wait to come back - definitely a special occasion restaurant of choice for people who appreciate good food!
4	Good food & attentive fun staff. Been around for a while for good reason.
3	Tarbells has been a favorite for years.  Last night was not a good night. It was crowded as it always is on a Friday night.  We were seated promptly in an average location. Sort of felt like we were in our neighbors table the way the table was angled. The service was very slow.  We were well into our cocktails before we ordered our apps.  We ordered the carpaccio and the roasted  brussel sprouts.  The carpaccio was delicious.  We really enjoyed it.  The roasted brussel sprouts were equally good.  I had the fish special of the night and my dh had the ribbon pasta which he has had many times before.  My fish was just ok. The description sounded great but there was something seriously bitter on the plate.  On top of that, the dish was incredibly under seasoned. I love the wine list and usually love the the food. Last night it was just meh.
4	Tarbell's has a great chef, good food, and irresistible desserts.  The decor is very modern, with a big splashy painting on the wall I was looking at.  I had a terrific bib lettuce salad, followed by... can't remember what it was called (tarbell cut?), but  it was very much like pot roast.  Delicious and fork tender.  They had other very good cuts of beef, as well a fresh seafood.  For dessert, the four of us split an order of profiteroles and an order of their chocolate mousse.  Yummy.  The atmosphere was fairly quiet.  The only thing that surprised me was the price of a glass of Irish whiskey - we did not ask, but at $18, was the most expensive glass of Bushmill's we have had in a restaurant.
5	Amazing!  The Chicken sausage pasta definitely works!
4	I first experienced Tarbell's back in 2005 and wanted to come back this year to see if it maintained its high quality of food and service. Tarbell's did not disappoint. Tarbell offered a wide selection of wines and we got what we wanted. I had the iron cast steak which was delicious. I think I'd the pork chops back in 2005 and suggested one of my buddies to order it. I was fortunate enough to had a piece at medium rare and it was great! My two other friends had the ribeye and fish and both were up to par. Tarbell's is one of my favorite restaurants in the greater Phoenix area. I will definitely come back here. I also thought the prices were fair. The service was also exceptional. No complaints here.
5	We still love this place. Great vibe, excellent meal always. Would love to see new menu items from this great chef.
5	I can't believe I have never reviewed Tarbells! This is one of my favorites as the food/service is consistently awesome. Jillian (not sure if she works there anymore) is the best server! This establishment has it goin on!
4	Soup and appetizers were amazing (except for the carpaccio, which was just good).  The tartare was buttery and the broiled capers added that something special.  Whatever bleu cheese they used on the bibb salad was one of the better bleus I've had.  Creamy, sweet, with the perfect amount of bite.  The candied bacon took the first round to another level. Wow.  All around, the appetizers had us panting for more.Which made the main course all the more disappointing.  The scotch beef was dry and just a little bit better than my mom's pot roast.  The ribbon pasta was ok, but didn't have that special pop.  And the bolognese was just boring.  The disappointment with the mains and the fact that we weren't seated until 8:25 (we had an 8pm reservation) docked a star from the overall review.  Much was at stake with dessert.Fortunately, dessert was delicious.  The mousse, cheesecake, and the profiteroles were all perfect.  Rich, full of flavor, perfectly sweetened.  The four stars were secured.I will say that the two groups on either side of our table were a bit too rambunctious for me.  Listening to older masters of the universe talk about the size of their penises (literally) and having their very drunk female companions talk about sex all night was at first a little amusing, but after an hour, it got to be a little old.  Hopefully our next visit will be a little more subdued.
5	What a treat to go to a restaurant like this!!My mom and I went here on the first night of a week-long trip to AZ, and the food we ate for the rest of the trip just made us yearn to go back.  I think that first and foremost I have to rave about the service, which was stellar.  Our waitress Jillian should open a school for servers.  She was friendly, VERY knowledgeable about the menu (including the cocktails -- get the violet one!), and super attentive.  She was key in making our experience as good as it was.  Thank you, Jillian!I thought the food was amazing.  Put it this way: there were, not one, but two sauces that my mom and I agreed we would like to bathe in.  The parmesan broth on the home-made ribbon pasta dish was indescribably good, and the rosemary caramel on the (outstanding) cheesecake was truly delicious.  As other reviewers have mentioned, the fried capers on the tartare are extra-special good.Just go!
5	This is a new Phoenix favorite for us...from the lively bar area, to the stand-out food, to the attentive service.  I was thoroughly impressed and we'll definitely be back!There's valet parking but you really don't need to bother.  The plaza lot out front has ample parking and you're just steps from the entrance.
5	Great food.  We had the chicken and mashed potatoesAnd the salmon on crisp potato pancake.  Both were excellent. Service and drinks were very good.  The only disappointment was that we asked for extra sauce for the mashed potatoes and found a $4.00 surcharge on the bill.  This was reversed when I complained
4	Great find for us as we were on PHX for the first time.  Best mussels that I have ever had.  Tremendous food.  Candied Bacon Salad was excellent.  Scotch Beef was tender and delicious.
4	I cannot wait to come back here. It was our 3rd anniversary and decided to try something new. We've driven by this place a few times and after reading the Yelp reviews, we decided we had to try it. I am so glad we did! We arrived around 7pm on a Tuesday evening. They asked if we had a reservation and we didn't, but luckily one table was open and we were sat immediately. Our server, Jillian I think, arrived promptly and boy was she energetic! Super friendly and helpful. She gave us some time to ponder the menu and while we did, fresh bread and olive oil arrived. For starters, we ordered the Brussels sprouts. For our main entrees, I ordered the house-made ribbon pasta and my husband ordered Tar's scotch beef. Jillian commented on our 'good choices' and placed the order. It arrived super quickly and OMG. Taste explosion! My pasta's sauce was to die for. I had to use a spoon to scoop every bite up. The chicken sausage and tomatoes were delicious as well. My husband's beef was like a pot roast and tasty as well. For dessert, we split the pecan pie. I'd skip this the next time and definitely try something different. Overall, this place was delicious. Super fast and friendly service and fantastic food. We'll definitely be back!
5	We ended up at Tarbell's for our anniversary dinner after reading poor Yelp reviews of the resort restaurant we were going to try. I'm so happy we were able to get in!! We had a wonderful meal and the service was excellent! I would recommend Tarbell's to anyone looking for a delicious meal.
5	My wife and I went here for our 15th Wedding Anniversary dinner. We chose the place specifically because of Mark Tarbell's reputation as a chef.Everybody makes mistakes. It is how you handle them that shows what kind of a person you are. In the restaurant business, it's that attitude that turns a "we won't be back" into "we'll definitely be back!"The story:We arrived for our reservation and were promptly seated. We started with the Kale Chips as a starter, and both quite liked them.I ordered the scallops and my wife had the halibut special. My wife's was excellent, she was very happy. My scallops were fairly underdone -- cutting into each of them it was clearly raw in the middle. The garnish of pea tendrils and morels was fantastic.I informed a passing employee (I thought she was a hostess) as our waiter was busy with a large table,  and she agreed with a quite surprised look that they were definitely undercooked.When I got the plate back, it had been reheated and not refired...I was a little surprised to have them reheated (at $38 a plate) instead of a refire, but they were well cooked now and quite good.I informed the waiter after I'd finished that the round small potatoes had also been a bit underdone but edible, probably because the garnish was rushed by the undercooked scallops. To be honest, the waiter kind of ignored us a bit after this.The employee that I'd returned my dinner to came back and apologized again. It turns out she was a manager, and she informed us that she was comping my dinner, as well as two deserts of our choice.The deserts, by the way, were outstanding! My wife had the creampuffs and I had vanillabean cheesecake with a very unique and tasty rosemary caramel sauce.After dinner, the owner and Chef, Mark Tarbell came by. He said that mistakes didn't happen often, but that he wanted to make sure it was properly resolved, and he apologized and specifically thanked me for bringing a mistake to his attention.I said that it had, and I was happy, and my wife specifically told Chef Tarbell how pleased she was with manager's response and attitude.We'll definitely be back to Tarbell's both because of the food (which was excellent, and that they fixed the error quickly) and the customer service!
2	So I just came back from Tarbell's.  Underwhelmed and slightly offended would be the summary for my experience there.The positives, straight-away:  the ambiance, decor and the bartender serving me were all perfectly adequate -- and that's where they end.So I'll be the first to admit, I'm a male 30-something showing up alone on the Saturday before Mother's day, without a reservation and wearing a tshirt and jeans (nice ones though).  Even if you consider gender and age profiling aside, there is absolutely no excuse for how I was treated when I walked through the door.I walk in, and the hostess just gives me a blank stare.  I say "Hi".  She continues to just stare at me like I'm a two headed alien.  I actually had to initiate spoken language by glibly asking "This is a restaurant, right?" -- clearly I'm trying to get noticed -- there isn't a crowd around me.  "Yes this is a restaurant ..." followed by more staring and silence.  I say "well, I'm pretty hungry, can we do something about that" -- and only then does she bother to explain that the dining room is full but I could find myself a seat at the bar.  Gee thanks.  It was so unbelievably disrespectful and unwelcoming I'm pretty sure the only reason I actually sat down at the bar was because there was a seat open, and I was still trying to process what had just happened.Trying to put that behind me, the lady barkeep takes my drink order, and my food order:  carpaccio ($17) and the NY steak ($44).  The carpaccio was the most boring carpaccio I have ever had -- not bad, not good: boring.  Insanely, there was too much meat!  Just all meat and parmigiano -- a little more olive oil and some simple dressed greens would have made that dish so much better.  The steak I ordered medium-rare.  It came out medium, it was kinda charred, and really tough for "35 day aged" hand-picked angus prime -- more like the consistency of medium London broil from Safeway.  It had a sauce on it (which wasn't mentioned on the menu) that just looked and tasted like the most basic demi-glace sauce you could imagine -- at first I thought it was the steak bleeding off.  I don't eat potatoes, so I just asked for extra spinach.  Pan creamed?  Pfft -- I swear it was simply a pile of salted, wilted spinach -- it had no seasoning I could detect, much less any kind of cream or butter or anything.  It was so plain it was sticking to my teeth.I skipped dessert.Final thoughts:  after some consideration, I still gave this place 2 stars.  If you're an older, much more boring person in the world, this place is right up your alley.  With all the Bentleys and Porsches parked out front (I saw some fogey driving a Viper!) this place would probably be perfect for older rich people that have no real palate:  people that go to restaurants to improve their socioeconomic standing among their peers instead of discovering mind-blowing food.I'm sure Chef Tarbell is an excellent chef, but I'm under the impression he has had to dumb down his food because the well-heeled, stodgy clientele wouldn't be able to appreciate the real thing.  That, or Food Network's ICA is scripted and staged.
5	Where to begin...? Everything here is amazing, and anything you order off the menu is perfect. The bar services is very nice. Desserts are delightful. Quick as well. Wait staff does not bother. Always there for special occasions.
5	My mother, sister and I had dinner here recently while out celebrating Mother's Day together. It was a truly fantastic night. My mom ordered the House-Made Ribbon Pasta. It was truly phenomenal. The sauce was out of this world. I could have spent hours eating just that with a loaf of bread. My sister had the Pan-Seared Scallops. I haven't eaten scallops in years after an icky food poisoning incident but I had to try a bite and they were melt-in-your-mouth nummy. Tasted more like lobster than scallops even.I was torn as to what to order but I settled on the Pan-roasted Chicken and I was far from disappointed. It was, by far, the juiciest, best prepared chicken dish I've ever had. All told, it was a perfect evening. The atmosphere felt a tad dated but it almost made it all the more charming... kinda like we were stepping back in time a bit.
4	Went to Tarbell's for our first anniversary dinner. We had a reservation at 8, showed up 10 minutes early and were seated immediately. The wine list is extensive and they carry several unique beers, which is always a bonus. We started with mac and cheese - divine. The cheese was sharp and the noodles were firm. We had oysters as well, extremely fresh and cold, perfect. Our server was very friendly and helpful. I really wanted a NY strip, but it's served with creamed spinach, which I don't care for. Our waiter suggested subbing the sides from the chicken dish. I know that seems simple but some places don't substitute - I guess some chefs know better than the guests. Husband had scallops and said they were fabulous. We ordered dessert, which came out with Happy Anniversary written on the plate, which I thought was ultra cool since I only made a reference to that on the online reservation - we never told anyone personally. How thoughtful! Husband said the cheesecake was creamy and thick, exactly right (not a cheesecake fan so I'll trust him). I am, however, a bread pudding fan. Their bread pudding was ok. I found it to be too dry, not enough custard. The flavor was quite nice though. Overall, this was a romantic and delicious dinner, thank you to everyone at Tarbell's!
5	I had an outstanding dinner here tonight. Started off with a delicious ginger mojito and some pretty decent bread. I ordered the pepper steak which came with au gratin potatoes and spinach.The spinach was very good. The steak was amazing - nice thick cut, with plenty of peppercorn and a perfect sear, cooked to a nice medium rare. But the au gratin potatoes literally brought tears to my eyes, they were so good. Easily the best potatoes I've ever had. I don't know what it was about them, but they were absolutely perfect.It was a big meal, so I decided to skip dessert. But I know I'll be back again before too long.
4	We went to Tarbell's for our anniversary. I would definitely recommend this restaurant and we will definitely go back.For the negatives, which are few, I would say it didn't feel as cozy and private as I would like to celebrate an anniversary. Although the restaurant was pretty empty, we were seated in the center of the room close to other diners. I also really appreciate it when dining in a nice restaurant for a special occasion if the restaurant asks when making a reservation and if they at least mention it. Tarbells did not do that. We had the Artichoke Leaves for a starter and I would say they were ok. Nothing special, I probably would not order those again.For the positives, the service was great. The menu was creative and everything seemed appealing on the menu. We ordered the Hand Pulled Mozzarella Salad and Himachi Crudo for starters also. Both were great, the Himachi was amazing! For entrees we ordered the Halibut and the Tars Scotch Beef. That was also amazing. For dessert we had the profiteroles. Definitely would order the Himachi Crudo, both entrees, and the profiteroles again. We will definitely be back to try more dishes!
4	We always pick somewhere fancy and a little pricey for Christmas Eve dinner, and we picked Tarbell's last year.  As someone else mentioned, it isn't the most cozy place (read: romantic), but it was certainly nice.  The only reason I didn't given it 5 stars is because we have gone other places that were even nicer, with outstanding service (Tarbell's service was great, just not impeccable which is what we were looking for that night).The food was great.  We ordered the mussels and expected a bowl with a dozen in them to share- NOPE!  We EACH had a dozen mussels...almost unable to eat them all and dinner!  The place was busy, mostly an older quieter crowd which was nice, until a trio of young Scottsdale-ians walked in.  Boo.Valet was super easy, food was great.  Would go back for a nice dinner, just not for our nice Christmas Eve dinner.
5	I truly thought this would be a follow up review. Then I discovered that I never had reviewed one of my favorite neighborhood eats!Tarbell's is the perfect restaurant for a special location, or if you simply want a bit of joy in your evening.  Menu is varied with appetizer/ side dishes satisfying for a main course also. The carpaccio is the best in the valley, with an original presentation. The waiters allow you to savor a bottle of wine with small pours & frequent attention to the table. Last night we tried a bacon candy salad. The bacon and radicchio didn't initially appear to match but Beau and I devoured it. Watching the service was impressive as they hustled with completing orders, interacting with the customers or cleaning every component of their area. ( Never will you see a waiter/ bartender checking a phone or texting away. )Thus, fantastic flavorful dishes. Acoustics pair the happening hum behind the needed intimacy for a conversation. Service is friendly & professional.
3	As a foodie, traveling through Phoenix, I was excited to be able to dine at Tarbells. Sadly, my experience did not live up to the billing. As a solo diner, it was obvious I was pegged as a "turn and burn". I was quickly served  a tasty olive oil and bread for dipping, however the bread tasted very much like frozen par  baked bread, that had been reheated. I would have expected something a little more refined in such a restaurant. The server, who when I asked about the menu, what she liked, did not tell me about the specials I heard her recite at other tables around me. I ordered the carpaccio which came out in less than 3 minutes. Obviously plated ahead and kept in the fridge with which I have no problem per se, but the chilled meat subtle taste was masked by the very cold what was beautifully marbled beef. Add to that, the overpowering amount of vinaigrette dressing on what looked like pretty arugula and the carpaccio was almost indiscernible. On the server's recommendation I ordered housemade ribbon noodles with homemade chicken fennel sausage, tomato, spinach in a rich buttery broth for my entree. What arrived was a very full bowl of broth that was very very rich with butter and for the first three spoonfuls was luxurious, but way too rich to be able to enjoy it in the quantity served. The fresh noodles that I had to search through the broth were stuck together in one mass under a small pile of canned tomatoes, the accompanying spinach also lost somewhere in the broth. The sausage looked like a breakfast pattie that had been browned on one side and then broken into pieces. Not what I was expecting. The fennel seed was so overpowering I could not eat it all.Because of the reputation and rave on line reviews I will tell myself, maybe I made lesser menu selections and will, when I am in Phoenix later in the year go back and try again. Fingers crossed.
2	TarBlows!!!!I am not sure who is giving rave reviews of this restaurant but either they are friends with with Mark or simply do not know food??My wife and I had reservations for 8pm and when we arrived, the manager tried to sit us at a bar high top. Are you kidding me?  With a reservation its simply standard to provide a table in the main dining area and not at the bar. They did clear a table that had left and upon seating provided us with bread.  The bread obviously was store bought (my guess LaBrea) and had been sitting in a basket under the heat lamp. Wife ordered his "famous" spaghetti and meatballs. While the meatballs were very good, the sauce was absolutely deplorable. I believe they use the pan drippings as the marinara sauce as it was extremely greasy, no taste and just simply a mess.I ordered the seafood chowder which at $25 is anything but seafood.  All they do is add a ton of butter and cream, sprinkle 4 mussels, and honestly tiny "bits" of seafood of salmon with corn, onion and that's about it.  Pathetic.  I have had much better at whole foods take out than that.Service was satisfactory nothing to write home about but not bad either.In conclusion, this establishment should be ashamed at the food they put out as there is simply "no care" about there product.   Keep to wine Mark, that's something you at least know little about!
5	Service was outstanding and the food was on point; the food was on the safe side for the price though. The overwhelming hospitality is what made the experience for me tonight. Can't wait to go back!
5	A restaurant for special occasions. Mark Tarbell came by our table and asked how our meal was and we told him the truth - it was fantastic. Marvelous melt-in-your-mouth Scotch beef in a savory red wine reduction and grilled wild salmon were our choices and they were wonderful, preceded by superb crispy calamari. Great bread putting and homemade cheesecake topped the meal off nicely. Not cheap but well worth it.
5	First of all, we are regulars who love this place. Excellent wine list with servers who are knowledgable about all of the wines. Fantastic service and great food! Lives up to the hype every time we go! Keep up the good work Mark!!!Doug and Noelle
4	Classic All- American.  Top notch service.
5	Visited Phoenix recently & went here upon recommendation from friend. Loved everything about the place!! Servers were plentiful and attentive yet not annoying;  food was amazing, place classy & established yet not dated nor uptight or fussy. Was probably the best all-around dining experience I've had in years!!!!
4	My dad came to town for a visit and when he's in town I always take the opportunity to try a restaurant usually out of my price range. For this visit I booked a reservation at Tarbell's and was excited to head there for a nice dinner. We were not disappointed! We arrived and were promptly seated. While perusing the menu we each ordered a gin martini; with a twist for me and dirty for my dad. They were both very good, but not outstanding. A group next to us ordered a variety of things on the appetizer menu and made the task of choosing one quite difficult, but we decided to go with the pommes frites. It's probably blasphemy to say that these reminded me of Steak and Shake fries, but they did, only 10x better. Somehow they are able to keep these thin fries piping hot for more than 2 minutes. We also shared the soup of the day, tomato bisque, and the bacon candy salad, both of which were delightful. For our entrees my Dad went with the Scotch beef and I picked salmon. We thought both were good, but the Scotch beef was the winner. For dessert it was again the table next to us who ordered a variety and made it difficult to pick, but we went with the bread pudding. I like bread pudding and this was good, but not great. Overall, we enjoyed this dinner very much. It isn't very often that we go all out and indulge ourselves and Tarbell's was a good choice to do so. The service was well-timed and we never felt rushed. The waitress did a good job of checking up, but not being overly attentive. There are quite a few places to spend a nice evening in Phoenix and this is a good choice, but I wouldn't be clamoring to come back, either. I do like that Tarbell's is a nice change of pace from most of the upscale restaurants in town that specialize in steak.
5	My first time here. The best steak I have ever had. (Peppered flank steak )The au gratin potatoes were the best we have ever tasted . This place moves to my top five in Phoenix. The JD and soda was perfectly mixed btw.
5	Great place for an anniversary!  Perfect for an upscale, but laid back night with excellent  food!  My wife and I went there for our 5 year anniversary and like other reviewers here  the owner came out and had a nice conversation with us.  All of the staff responded quickly to request, but didn't make you feel rushed.  Very nice place to spoil yourself with great food and be treated excellent!  You won't be disappointed!!!
5	They do a great job even if sitting at the bar. Solid and stable menu and super consistent. My last meal before death penalty would be pepper steak and bread pudding. Awesome
5	Our favorite restaurant. The candy bacon salad is a must-have!The Chocolate Mousse was like eating a dream. The BEST!Can't decide what to have? They let you order 1/2 orders!
5	This place never disappoints. Started with the crudo and sashito peppers, both were great. Had the salmon for my entree. Always good. I'm not even a huge salmon fan and would totally order it,again.  Finished with the bread pudding and a shot of 20 year pappy van winkle (we got the last 2 shots and the bottle). No better way to finish a meal.Will be back, soon hopefully.
3	First visit to very well known Phoenix  eatery. It was real average IMO. Nice ambiance and EXCELLENT service, but you go to a restaurant for food and ours was nothing special at all. The Hamachi crudo starter was creative and tasty, but my Scottish salmon main was dry and had more greens, and less potato crisp on the plate, than it should have. My wife's NY Steak was cooked well, but had no real flavor profile at all. I could have cooked it as well at home, easily. Some slightly over cooked greens and decent fries accompanied the steak. For $38 bucks I think, I expected way more. One other diner had the Halibut Special and reported it was kinda dry and basically uninteresting. Had the Profiterole's for dessert and they were nice. Excellent wine list BTW, but VERY pricey. This is not a place I would rush back to. Sorry........
5	TRULY a 5 star place! The food, the wine, the staff, the ambiance...all of us from out-of-town (different cosmopolitan areas) and ALL of us agreed, best of best!'We'll be back!!"
5	Fresh food, great flavors, deftly made, impeccable service. @TarbellsI accidentally wandered into this restaurant when it first opened in December of 1994 and have been a customer ever since. The atmosphere is "cool" and allows one to feel comfortable arriving in a suite and tie or in jeans and a tee shirt. The staff is welcoming and attentive to detail.There are seasonal dishes that are interesting, amazing and rare - and standby dishes that we love to order. Things to try: House pulled Mozzarella with tomatoes - yes, it is a standard in many restaurants until you try this one, and this will become your new standard.The chicken fennel sausage with broth is one of the most incredibly complex broths that tastes like it was made with incredible care and precision.Pan roasted chicken is never dry, perfectly crispy skin.The vegetable plate is amazing, almost enough to inspire me to become a vegetarian.Fish of the moment - always fresh, flown in daily, prepared well - my wife loves the halibut.My son has gone there since he was born - he is welcome there, fussed over, and they always have noodles ready for him (home made).I cannot recommend this place enough
5	My wife and I ate here for the first time earlier tonight after I did a Google search for romantic restaurants in the Phoenix area and it brought up this Yelp page. Being a 'simple' man, I don't care for most of the high-end restaurants that serve things I can't even pronounce, let alone have any interest in eating. So, a few of the things that attracted me to Tarbell's were that it's centrally located (most fine dining establishments are in Scottsdale) and seeing familiar food on the menu I would enjoy.I made reservations (to celebrate our anniversary and my wife's birthday.) Upon arriving, there was no available place to self-park, so I used the complimentary valet service. We were seated immediately upon arrival and, for a Saturday night, the place was not as busy as I expected it to be.I like that there is a TV showing sports over the bar area. Its situated so that those in the dining area don't really see the single TV - but its right there for those at the bar. They started by serving us four warm mini French breads (each the size of a dinner roll, about the three slices each) with a ramekin of olive oil along with two glasses of ice water.We ordered the mac and cheese as a starter and my wife got the pan-roasted chicken and I ordered the Margherita pizza. As you could guess, we aren't adventurous eaters and pan-roasted chicken is a simple and 'safe' dish. My wife enjoyed it, and it looked perfectly cooked. My Margherita pizza was amazing. I've eaten at places known for the their pizza and Tarbell's (who I didn't even know offered pizza until today) makes one of the best pizza's I've ever tasted! A flat-bread style crust, hand made mozzarella, fresh, full, un-cut basil leaves (the biggest and most flavorful basil I've ever tasted) and the pizza sauce was too good for words. I find most pizza makers use too much sugar or too much salt in their sauce. I am happy to report that Tarbell's pizza sauce tastes almost bitter by comparison. Its very hard to describe, but being a person who loves pizza, if I opened my own restaurant, this is the pizza I would make and serve! Even the cooking was perfect. A slight singe of burn along just the far edges of the crust! Mac and cheese was also VERY good!For dessert, I had the creme brule and my wife had the vanilla cheesecake with rosemary caramel sauce. A little bit of rosemary can go a long way, so my wife was concerned that the rosemary may be over-powering and the waiter offered to bring the cheesecake with the sauce on the side. Turns out, the sauce was just fine, but the cheesecake was very, very rich! Just a few bites and took the rest home for a few bites later! The creme brule' is served cold. This is the second restaurant that I've been to that does this. Only the top of the creme brule' is warm and the center is chilled. The best creme brule' I've ever had was on the 93rd floor of the Hancock Building in Chicago. There is a restaurant there (name eludes me at the moment) and I had a vanilla bean creme brule', served HOT, and it blew my mind! The creme brule' at Tarbell's seemed a little basic compared to everything else. It was good, but then I've never really had a *bad* creme brule', either.It seems a lot of other reviewers were greeted by the owner. We did not see the owner around, but it would have been cool to meet him. Maybe next time...They seem to employ a lot of people. They all dress in black and a couple of big guys just looked over the dining area, like they were the Secret Service or something! It was odd to feel like bodyguards are watching over you, but then when I got up to view some pictures on the wall of the owner with famous people, I rested my napkin on the table. When I returned, my napkin was neatly folded! When my Coke ran dry, within a minute or two, a waitress arrived with another! Fantastic service! I was concerned at first because the soda glasses are tall and thin, and when filled with ice, doesn't leave much room for soda. That means constantly running out, trying to find the waiter and have anxiety thinking about it. Not here!!! Everything is taken care of for you. I also like that the wait staff are not over-bearing - like when we ate at Fleming's Steakhouse and the darn wait staff would constantly be scraping our table with a crumb-scraper thing. It's just stupid and annoying. They don't do that here!!! Thank goodness!!My wife had a glass of wine with dinner and I had a Coke. Our total, with tax, was $86 +$15 tip plus $3 tip for the valet when picking up the car. One of the best investments I've ever made in my relationship!
4	Came here for an anniversary as it was one of the top 10 Zagat rated spots a few years ago.While the food quality did meet the price mark, I was sort of disappointed with the Ravioli and Oysters. We got a 1 foot long dish with 3 oysters on it. 3 is not divisible by two. So, they could add one more and make everyone happy.However, the cocktails and the wine selection were good and the food was definitely savory. Service was great as well. Come well dressed or you will look bad.
5	I have been coming to Tarbell's for some years now.  It first started with "the place" the hubs & I would come to celebrate an event....anniversary, birthday, mother's day, etc.  Now it's the place we go for a wonderful night together or to bring out of town guests or even those who've never experienced this gem!  Not once in all the years we've dined here, did we ever leave disappointed.  Mark & his staff knows how to treat people here, like they are part of his family.  They are always willing to  customize your entree by giving you a sampler of something if you can't decide between two items or change a side if you don't like what's offered.  They always aim to please!  Mark comes around personally to visit each table & has a friendly, top notch staff to support him that seems to genuinely like being there.  Being a creature of habit, I usually get the Ribbon Pasta with Chicken sausage and it's perfection, has me dreaming of my next visit!  A light, but complex broth with wide egg noodles, campari tomatoes, spinach & a fennel chicken sausage that's just amazing. The warm bacon candy salad is a party in your mouth!  Really, it's that good!!  I've also had the salmon & sea bass (a special that night), both worthy of a repeat visit!  The atmosphere has a comfortable, non-pretentious, neighborhood vibe that welcomes you whether your in jeans or a dress.  Hubs loves Marks Famous Spaghetti & Meatballs and the Grilled NY strip, I mean really, how can you go wrong!  Warm Chocolate cake, Profiteroles & Creme Brulee are just what the doctor ordered to put this one on the top of anyone's list!!
5	One of the best date night dinners we have had. The ambiance and attention to detail was truly special. The staff is experienced and well-trained. We always had service when we needed it but it was not over-bearing. The food was great. The steak was perfectly cooked, even for my medium-well taste. The onion strings are a hearty portion and great for sharing as an appetizer. We recommend Tarbell's to our friends and will go back again.
4	A great place for amazing food! Right when we walked in, the place was filled with people and a great view of the kitchen. I knew right away that it was going to be tasty with how many people were seated instead and even at the bar eating their dinner.  To start, we started off with the mozzarella, tomato and basil plate. So fresh and all the ingredients just melted in my mouth. I got the chicken and my boyfriend got the steak. Absolutely loved every bite of it. The service was a little slow towards the end and it took us a while to get ahold of our server, but more talking time for us.
5	Went here for dinner last night and haven't been in over 3 years. Still as delicious as I remember and classics are still on the menu. Started the night with the Uptown, a great drink if you like Whiskey. I was impressed by how quickly after we ordered that our appetizers came out. The Caesar salad was delicious but typical of what you would expect, which is exactly what I wanted. My husband had the carpaccio which was plated amazingly and tasted delicious.  For the main course I had the pan-roasted chicken, the skin had the perfect crisp yet the chicken was so moist. I would highly recommend ordering it. My husband had the Mr. Fish which last night happened to be halibut, it was served with the best tasting hummus I have ever have. To finish the night we had both the warm chocolate cake and the apple pie. Both these desserts were wonderful.The ambiance is nice and was romantic in a booth. The staff were very attentive and really took great care of us. Tarbell's is a great Arizona restaurant that never changes which is why we love coming back there.
5	One of the best dinners I've had in a while.  Drinks, apps, entrees, and desserts were all exceptional.  Service was as good as you can get.  Went wife and two daughters.  No complaints, only compliments from everybody.  Seated in the dining area but the bar area looked like the place to be, even on a Thursday night.
5	I have four words for this place: Yum, yum, yum and yummy!I have lived around that restaurant for years and years and finally decided to try it.  The food was to DIE for!  I had the Scotch beef which was amazing.  So tender, juicy, just yummy!  Mashed potatoes were delish and so were the brussel sprouts.  The service was excellent.  Wednesday was our server and she rocked it.  I will be taking my clients/friends there a soon as possible.  P.S.  Did I say that the food was yummy?   That is an understatement!
4	really liked it.
4	Every March my brother, father and I go out to Arizona for Spring Training and my father's bday. This year my brother, who's a vegan, was not able to make it.  Therefore, I was looking for a place we could get a hearty cut of meat. I found Tarbell's on Yelp and saw the photos of that huge pork chop.  The photo, along with the favorable reviews led me to my decision to make reservations.  However, I was very disappointed that they no longer have the pork chop on the menu.  We had reservations at 8:30, but got there around 7:45 to have a drink and watch the Cal Poly basketball game. The bartender was very nice and knowledgeable on their wines. He provided us with a sample of a Cab, which my dad later got with his meal.  While having a drink, the couple next to us was brought a beautiful dish of 5 huge diver scallops. My father and I decided that we would get an order of the scallops and a meat dish to split. We started with a salad that had uncooked butternut squash and fried parsnips. The butternut squash was surprisingly good. It was cut thin so it was not overly crunchy, as I had assumed uncooked butternut would be. The salad had a homemade parsnip vinagerette that was light refreshing and wonderful. The scallops were to die for, by far the best I have ever had. They came on top of mushroom risotto that was also excellent. Unfortunately though the Tar's Scotch Beef was pretty bland. The meat was under seasoned and not very good unless mixed with the mashed potatoes and red wine gravy to make it flavorful. All in all a very good meal...I still wish I could've had the pork chop though.
3	We ate at this restaurant on March 9, 2014 @ 6:00PM.  During our meal, the assistant manager (Jason) was busy working the room, making contact with many of the diners who were known to him.  The rest of the customers were ignored.  Made a person feel that our satisfaction was less important.  Just a comment on common courtesy!!!!
5	Awesome new tavern. Kale chips, scallop seviche
5	This place is amazing!! The food is excellent. Scotch beef with mashed potatoes is my favorite, but everything I have had has been just as good... pepper steak, kale chips, ceasar salad, etc.  The scallops are the best I have ever had. The owner is always in talking with customers, the bartenders are awesome, service is incredible. Very warm and welcoming atmosphere. You can have a half order of anything on the menu, whether you are not very hungry or want to try two different things! One of my favorite places in town.
5	We ate here on a business trip as part of a recommendation from a friend.  I had the scotch beef with the buttermilk potatoes and it was delicious.   The beef melted in your mouth.  We also had some type of fried bean, calamari, and a sampling of their salads and everything was to die for.  Although it was pricey the meal was delicious and it was worth it.  I also like that our server was very confident in her recommendations and was willing to tell us something was better than something else.  You often get servers that are willing to tell you what is good and what is not on the menu while I don't think this place would have anything that was bad it was nice to know what the house specialties were
5	Anybody who gives this place less than 5 stars is crazy! They never disappoint here. Every visit is just as good as the last if not better.  I will love Tarbell's  for life!
4	Mixed Drinks.  Try the Texas Sazerac, and don't look back.  Very, very well made.  The chocolate mousse is a great way to end the night as well.
4	Food was good and the drinks were even better. The Texas Sazerac is very good, though small. Had the signature dishes (scotch beef, meatball, handmade pasta, and scallops) and everyone enjoyed the meal immensely. The service was a bit lackluster for a restaurant at this level. We had to micromanage the staff a bit to take our order and get bread plates (and they weren't even that packed). But overall a good experience. I hope their service improves, as there is good potential here for fine dining.
5	First comment is we went in for a late dinner stayed beyond their closing time never a push a rush to leave. I really do not have one complaint the food was stellar The fish was excellent flaky delicious wine the waiter suggested was excellent everything was wonderful. Lastly I will comment about the staff everyone we met or encountered was pleasant!
5	Officially, the best place to eat in Phoenix.  My mom has been living there for years, and we were desperately looking for something special among the chain restaurants and fast food places.  We will look no further... Had the special - some snapper dish, as did my friend.  We went for my mom's birthday and will definitely returning before her next one.  Service was exceptional... I've never had a restaurant call me the next day asking how everything was.  Someone called me the next day and actually remembered we were celebrating my mom's birthday.  The only disappointment was the fried bean app - skip it!  Waiter had fantastic wine pairings for each course.  Love, love, love.  Made me feel like I was in a great restaurant in NYC, except that the service was way better.
4	Hubby and I came here for Valentines Day, which happens to be his birthday.  We are in our early 30's and let's just say we brought down the average age by about 15 years.  The food and service were excellent.  Cocktails - delish and on point!  Definitely an older demographic.  Doesn't bother me for date night, but I probably wouldn't do a group dinner here for that reason.
4	I can't believe I've never been here so I finally made a point to go!  Ambiance is great. I was on a date but I could have just have easily had a dinner with anyone here and it would have been perfect. The menu is not elaborate but very creative. My friend ordered the pasta and they offered to split two dishes for him so he could sample both. Great wine list. Not the best I've seen but you can definitely find a nice bottle.  Mark up is going to be ridiculous of course so find one you like and then get it at AJs or Total Wine.  The service was prompt and friendly. The table next to us was doing Grande Marnier flight which was different.  Dessert which we never skip was delicious! We had the mousse. I had the Scotch beef.  It was so tender and flavorful,  it just pulled apart on my fork. We also tried the pizza as an appetizer.  So good!  It was dim and quiet.  Some music played and there were plenty of servers.  Overall very nice place. Prices are a tad high comparatively.  Filet was about $49. But if it's a special occasion or, you're not paying,  definitely recommend! !
5	*My 200th Review*Tarbell's, you were a dream come true!This is what 5 stars is to me-The very best service. Every staff member was professional, personable, well groomed, prompt, and smiled often!The restaurant itself was simple and elegant. Definitely a place I would recommend for a date or special occasion or anytime you want to be fancy! The crowd was mostly retirees, but I took that as a sign that I was in the right place.  The other diners were very dapper and able bodied and seemed to clearly enjoy the finer things in life. The food. Mmmmmm yes!! I had the scallops, and they were the best I've ever had. It came with a potato cake and seasonal vegetables, each bite equally delicious. The salmon was also excellent and grilled to perfection. Even the grill marks were absolutely perfect, which I admire because I can not do that myself! It was accompanied by mixed greens with an amazing honey glaze dressing, and potatoes another way- similar to shoe string pik nik sticks but much fancier and salty and mouth watering. We shared the caramel cheesecake for dessert, and that was probably the low point of the meal. Kidding!! Omg, I rarely eat dessert and this was worth.every.calorie!! Perfection! Not to sweet, not too dense, not too light, so full of flavor! The caramel sauce! My, my! I really can't wait to go back. I am very curious about the spaghetti and meatballs! And the profiteroles! I want to try the whole menu, each time it changes! Thank you Tarbell's, for making my 30th birthday dinner amazing!Edit: I received a warm phone call from Ty 2 days after dining to inquire how my experience was. I can't say that has ever happened before even at other fine establishments. Very classy. Thanks Ty!
5	Excellent service, even better food. The seafood risotto is to die for, and my husband loved his pasta and sausage dish. It's a VERY expensive place to eat, but hey let's face it, you get what you pay for and here, you're paying for perfection.
5	WOW, Tarbell's is unforgettable and will definitely be a GO-TO for special occasion dinners. (and maybe even to treat myself at the bar :) ...)Walked in on a Thursday night around 8 pm and were seated at a nice 4-top table right in the center of the dining area, I'm difficult to please, and just by where they placed us, good vibes had already been given off. Our server, Nathan, knew just when to stop by, was able to answer all our questions, and was not pushy at all. The dinner was perfectly timed out, and he never made me feel rushed to finish a course. ....Seriously, what an experience, while we weren't celebrating anything special, Tarbell's truly provided us with a remarkable experience.After ordering wine, Nathan offered to pick our starters for us since we were unfamiliar with the menu. He selected the Warm "Bacon Candy" Salad, and the Farmers Market Plate. Just a few bites in, my expectations for the rest of the meal were very high. After our plates were cleared, our entrees arrived. The seafood risotto was good, but a little too overwhelmed with the taste of salmon; but the Tar's Scotch Beef, and the house made Ribbon Pasta with Chicken Fennel Sausage were phenomenal; you can taste quality in every bite... yum!And lastly, of course I always save room for dessert, I was stuck between the Vanilla Cheesecake with Rosemary Carmel, and the Warm Chocolate Cake, BOTH WERE WONDERFUL! A genuine thank you to Tarbell's, and Nathan, for making this dinner such a fantastic experience. Dining is one of my favorite ways to explore the city, and I'm so glad to have made a last minute decision to enjoy my Thursday night at your restaurant. 5 stars.. without question!
5	I have had business and personal meals here for years and I have never been disappointed. Every meal has been perfect as well as the service.
4	We wanted to have a good place to have dinner with my son and his girlfriend. The front desk recommended Tarbell's for their impressive wine list. The ambience in the restaurant was nice and subdued.  The menu was filled with a good mix of fresh veggies and great meat dishes. We all had a hard time choosing what we wanted. The chef was no help; he sent a appetizer of calamari for us to share. It was delicious. My son ordered the salmon and his girlfriend had the pan seared chicken. Both thoroughly enjoyed their entrees. My boyfriend chose small plate of the Carpaccio and I had the Scotch beef. The gravy was so smooth and the mashed potatoes so tasty, I wanted to lick the bowl. Everyone really enjoyed the evening.
5	What can I say. This place is amazing. The food is consistently good. The service is impeccable. I go there for special occasions and nights out with my husband. We also take out of town guests here. Always a treat.
5	Possibly the best kept secret of Phoenix! With a somewhat smaller dining area as opposed to chain restaurants, this unique, upscale, fine dining establishment earns its keep on quality service to customers, not quantity of throughput.  It is a higher end restaurant, so if you expect that, then you won't get sticker shock.  Compared to other higher end fine dining, it's actually very reasonable with appetizers in the $20s and main courses in the $30s. We had a reservation through Yelp, so my table was ready when I arrived, which is always nice.  Also, there is valet parking service since the parking lot can be crowded, but I found a spot without a problem before I saw the valets.We started our meal with the hamachi crudo appetizer, which was delicious! I don't know how they get such fresh fish in Arizona, but whatever they're doing is working! The service staff was very attentive and on their game, pulling plates as soon as we finished and bringing out the huge Diver Scallops next.  Again, it was absolutely scrumptious! My mouth is now watering just remembering how perfectly prepared it was. For the main course I enjoyed the delectable AZ honey glazed Scottish salmon with curried potato cake and a side of kale greens.  The salmon was perfectly prepared, and went very well with the sides and glaze.  The potato cake was delicious as well, but the kale really surprised me by how well prepared it was.  I wish I could get the chef's recipe because I've never been able to get kale to taste so good!  Finally, I finished the night with the apple puff pastry, which has flavors reminiscent of a country apple pie your grandma might have baked, but completely inside of a flaky pastry.If you're looking for a classy, quiet restaurant with an amazing menu perfectly prepared and served to entertain an important client, take that special someone out, or just treat yourself, then look no further! I highly recommend this place, and can't wait to go back.
5	Amazing decor with a modern and intimate feel. We were in town and decided to try a nice place for wine and dessert, had a glass of red zinfandel (fruitful and easy to drink) and my boyfriend had the vanilla porter (thick body and true to it's name) and a glass of Malbec ( tasty and extremely smooth, definitely suggested). As we were trying to decide what to have for dessert, the manager came by and introduced himself, very friendly staff, and soon after we had a rosemary caramel cheesecake on the house! The rosemary caramel sauce was thick and tasty but not overwhelmingly sweet at all, the cheesecake itself was thick and creamy, and the crust was perfectly baked, we LOVED it. since the dessert was so good, we figured why not try out their steak. We shared a steak medium rare which came out split for us without even having to request it to be split. There's a glaze around the steak that we couldn't figure out what it was exactly, but complimented the steak perfectly. Very tender and perfectly cooked. Side of mashed potatoes were well mashed and not runny at all, gravy is by request and has a charred, oak taste to it, delicious. Overall, we loved it! Will definitely be back next time we pass by Phoenix AZ
4	Went to Tarbell's with some coworkers for a dinner meeting. Sat at the bar and ordered a gray goose dirty martini with extra olives. It was very good.  The service was really good and atmosphere was very nice.  I ordered the New York steak, it came out juicy and tender and melted in your mouth. The sides were pricey and very small.  The waiter told us that the sides are big enough for two people, not in my eyes.
2	We went to Tarbells for our anniversary.   I ordered the lobster risotto and my husband ordered the cioppini.  Both would have been much better with less salt.  We also ordered the housemate burrata as an appetizer which was good since they make their own mozzarella.  However sauce was extremely salty! The owner asked us how we liked our meal and after he asked if they could do anything better we told him about the excessive salt.  He was very nice and brought us some free desserts.   Probably will not return.
3	The atmosphere is very nice..w/the center stage being the semi circular bar. The lobster risotto was delicious.  They serve these dried out chick peas (management needs to get rid of this item) at the beginning, have them replace it w/some warm bread and olive oil.  Everything is ala cart, so prepare to spend some dollars at this restaurant. But, overall very nice experience with an attentive wait staff.
5	Extremely delicious!!! Great food, great service, great wine. Loved the innovative choices loved every minute we spent at this restaurant.
4	Really good food but my only complaint would be the service. The beef carpaccio appetizer was fantastic - all fresh ingredients and a large portion. My father and I loved the swordfish special with yellow tomato broth, fig compote ad riceIssues with service: It took a while to get the wine we ordered. My father and asked to sub the rice for roasted brussel sprouts on the swordfish and our waitress brought us the swordfish with just brussel sprouts. It took us a while to be able to flag our waitress down and get the other parts added to the dish. Those parts were pretty critical to the dish (pretty bland without them) and she really should've clarified in case she misunderstood (which she did).
3	In our family, we have two birthdays around the holidays, so I had the chance to review two restaurants in two days, both for fine meals. On my son's birthday, the three of us went to Southern Rail, and the next night, to celebrate my wife's birthday we went to Tarbell's. Both were good in the food department. I'm giving Tarbell's a lower rating because of the terrible service we had that night -- and because it compared so terribly with the service we had at Southern Rail the night before. The food was not bad -- in fact, when the owner came by we were enjoying a terrific appetizer of roasted beets and it seemed to indicate a great meal was coming up. But then, things began to deteriorate as the night went on. We had an early reservation (6:30) and things were fine till our waiter had larger tables on either side of us. While this guy was taking care of his larger checks, we were neglected to the point that we never received a birthday treat for my wife (which was absolutely huge at Southern Rail), and to the point where we actually had to get up and flag the guy down to get our bill. Really, just quite poor service. It appears after our Tarbell's experience that any restaurant, even one with good fare, needs to review how the wait staff deals with smaller tables when those guests are sandwiched in between larger groups. [Hey, Mark -- I spent $150, aren't I entitled to a waiter when I need one?] For my money, I'll take Southern Rail. While the environment is not as sophisticated, the large plates of delicious food were simply outstanding and our waiter cared a great deal about ensuring our satisfaction. We hope that on our next visit to Tarbell's we'll receive a bit more attention.
2	I had really high expectations for Tarbell's. We'd heard (and read) really good things. We went on a Saturday night, and the restaurant was full. The positives---the staff was really exceptional. They were super friendly and attentive. I also loved the roasted (deep fried?) chick peas that were on the table as a starter. They were super delicious. Also, our main proteins (husband had steak, I had the scallops) were cooked technically well and the presentation was very nice. My scallop plate was probably the prettiest plate of food I've been served. However, the flavors were just not that great. My entree lacked salt/savory flavors, and the root vegetables on my plate were not cooked long enough, so they were quite tough. My husband said his steak was cooked a perfect medium rare, but the flavor just wasn't special or memorable. He ordered a side of brussels sprouts, which was actually his favorite part of the dinner. Overall, the food was just OK. I had expected the food to be 5 stars, but in reality, I've eaten at many many better restaurants.  Nothing about Tarbell's was memorable. The decor and the vibe was not cool or unique. The majority of the patrons were elderly. We definitely would not go back there.P.S. I ate at Tarbell's Tavern (next door, more of a bar menu) a couple weeks ago, and I liked their food and atmosphere better than Tarbell's.
3	I give this place a 3 with the hopes of returning and giving it a 4 or 5. My wife and i had the spinach dip, bolognese, and a 35 day aged peppercorn steak.In addition to our order, our server presented us with a complimentary burrata appetizer, as it was our first time to the restaurant. Whole tomatoes are my least favorite vegetable (or fruit, whatever, shut up) I appreciated the gesture and the cheese mixture was quite good. Spinach dip: not actually a dip, like chips and dip, but I probably would have realized that if I actually read the menu. Its a puff filled with spinach and though unexpected was very good. Bolognese: I only had a bite but it had good flavor, so I can't comment much more than that. Steak: they offer steaks either grilled or peppered. Should have gone with my gut and just gotten the grilled steak, but went on a limb for the peppered. I ordered medium rare; in my opinion it was slightly overcooked but I do like steaks quite rare so I didn't complain. The steak itself had great flavor, but delite what the server said it had a much stronger pepper flavor than I was expecting. In addition to the entrees we had pomme frites (fries) and Brussels sprouts.The fries were nothing special. They were fried potatoes, as expected. But you can get better fries at any fast food restaurant. Sprouts: definitely overcooked. They looked almost completely black, basically no green left, little flavor left besides the charring. But, mixed with the sprouts were caramelized white onions which basically saved the dish. Cook them a few minutes less and they would be absolutely terrific. Overall, I give service 4 stars. Server was knowledgeable but could have been just a tad quicker with drink refills. The ambiance is great, and it may have just been timing but when we pulled up there were 2 Bentley's and a Rolls parked in front (good thing we borrowed the in laws' car so we fit in). I would return to try the non-peppered grilled steak or the lamb, but for my current visit I would have to give 3 out of 5.Definitely give it a shot. It was not a bad experience at all
