5	The staff here was SO FRIENDLY. They really made me feel at ease. Then came the dentist. He was so nice, and really sat down to listen to what my problem was. They don't try to push you into having more done than needed, and they even work out a payment plan for you. I have no insurance and they were able to work with that as well. I suggest this place. Go there. Now.
5	I feel like going to the dentist isn't supposed to be this pleasant.Not only is the whole staff super friendly, but I couldn't believe how knowledgeable they all were!  Miriam, the dental assistant, is going to be a fantastic dentist some day.  The extent of her knowledge was really astounding to me and her "bedside manner" (chairside manner?) really made my overall experience as pleasant as a root canal could possibly be.  She even called that night to make sure I was feeling okay! :)Rachel, the dental hygienist,  gave me an excellent, thorough cleaning and Dr. Zia is clearly knowledgeable and very talented.  I didn't even need to use the painkillers he prescribed for me.  What a pleasant surprise.I highly, highly, highly recommend this place!
1	Horrible company! I was told I would be getting my cleaning that day and that it would only be $29 since I was a new patient. After x-rays the office manager came in and said my cleaning would be $112! When I asked why she said the dentist suggested a more thorough cleaning which wasn't covered by my insurance. She refused to let me talk with anyone else and said if I didn't pay the $112 I wouldn't get a cleaning. Needless to say I left and totally wasted my time. Virginia the office manager is extremely rude and unprofessional.
5	First let me say that if I could give them more than 5 stars, I would! I had been suffering excruciating tooth pain for 2 days. I tried every natural method known to man to try and bring my pain level from an 11 to anywhere under 5. Nothing worked. After searching for an affordable dental office with no luck; my mother suggested Bright Now. She and my sister had an amazingly pleasant experience with both the pricing and the staff. I don't know why I didn't think of them sooner, it's where I had my orthodontics done with beautiful results! They were so amazing!!!! I called (in tears from pain) and got a 2:30pm appointment. That would have worked if I wasn't going to pull the tooth out myself due to the throbbing and stabbing feeling I was having on the whole right side of my face... I couldn't take the pain any more. The girls in the office said to come in and see if they could fit me in. I walked in at 11:30am and was done by 12:30pm, prescription in hand and treatment plan in place. They offered discounts and payment plans. I can't be more grateful and would recommend them to any and everyone!!!
4	I was pleasantly surprised at the professionalism and courtesy exhibited by all the staff.   They scheduled my procedures promptly and explained my charges and options thoroughly.  I had some followup needs they scheduled immediately and seemed quite compassionate.The dentists I dealt with (general and specialty) were very informative and did a great job of making me comfortable.  I do recommend their office to my friends.  I seldom give anyone 5 stars, but this service was excellent and the best of the chain dental clinics I have visited.
5	Eduardo, the front desk manager, was an absolute doll, and Dr. Huynh super honest(I know the difference from what dentists have said in past, and my brother is a dentist and Dr. Huynh is in sync w/him!) Yaneth and Erin were super as hygenists/xray techs also! LOVE THEM!
4	Overall experience professional would absoutly recommened to all friends and dentists thank you all so much. He cares so much. He makes sure that patient is always comfortable. Seriously, the best dentist experience ever.
