1	Verizon sucks, despite all the good things I've heard about them. One example: auto-pay randomly won't work and you'll be charged a late payment fee that they won't reverse. That's one problem I never had in 10 years at AT&T!
2	My and my husband's contracts are up and we're torn between two phones right now.  I went here to check them out and ask my short list of questions.  They took my name and it went in queue on their tv screen showing the next 5 people up for service.  This is a pretty good system - I like knowing where I am on the list and, in the meantime, I was able to play around with the phones.  While I was on deck, the employee at the door taking names asked me if I had decided on one yet.  Since he wasn't doing anything I asked him a couple of questions about the two phones I was interested in and also solicited his opinion.  He was glad to help.  We eventually asked our salesperson some of the same questions; he gave us totally different answers!  And the questions we got differing answers for were like "what's the difference between the two in battery time?" etc.  Uhhh, someone is telling us something wrong here and shouldn't every employee either know the product or find out the answer if they're not sure, instead of just giving us some bogus answer? I think I'll just use the store to browse the phones and I'll compare and order them online.
1	Verizon can never seem to get anything done. If you want to set up a new account they are more than happy to take your money. If however you want to add or take people away from the account, be prepared for a long talk on the phone with customer service while being transferred back and forth across the nation for over an hour. You'd think they would have the power to do this in a corporate store, but no. All they get on there computers is an "error" message while they stare at it like a deer in headlights. I guess when you have a monopoly over the best phone and 4g coverage, you can afford to be completely incompetent.
3	I have a confession.  I am a borderline smartphone addict. It is a condition affecting 40 percent of Americans. Although I don't suffer from Nomophobia and on a survey questionaire, I did not reach the point of needing smart phone detox; I am a heavy smartphone user. I have even been guilty of phubbing. When things go wrong with a smartphone,  it is a bad deal for the borderline smartphone addict.  Things go wrong so frequently with my sensitive Galaxy 3, that gaining dukedoms to Verizon is becoming a rite of passage with owning this phone. This past week, the phone was acting up. After using the Cardio Trainer app to measure the distance of the River Mountain South Powerline Trail (remember I am a border smartphone addict) the SD card gave up on me. Years of pictures and a 100 of the greatest hits of all time perished from my World. It was time to return to the equivalent of the emergency room for Verizon  smartphone owners: the corporate Verizon Store.  The Sunset at Stephanie Verizon store is as modern as the IPhone 5. The store reminds me of an Apple Store, where you get to play around with the new smartphones and tablets. It is a smart concept. When people are waiting to be called, if your like me your thinking, "my smartphone is getting out of date (scary since I only brought it last year, but I am a borderline smartphone addict), maybe I should extend my contract another year and a half, get a new phone that will be old in a year, and never get out of my contract."  In reality,  I am loyal to my smartphones, and if you've read my earlier Yelp reviews, I keep them til they pass on. Past the displays of the newest smartphones and tablets is the automatic bill pay machines and the accessaries wall. After spending time with the latesr technology, it dawns on me that the basic cell phones have gone the way of my SD card.  When I look at the accessaries wall, I am reminded of why I brought the Galaxy 3 and prior to that the Fascinate at Best Buy. Everything at the Verizon Store is inflated. An example is they wanted $40 for a 16 GB SD card that I brought yesterday from Walmart for $16. A more disturbing sight is there are no accessories for the Galaxy 3. I only brought it 11 months ago! Just like I see expensive places, there merchandising plants the seeds in my head for the fruits that will be business with Best Buy and any brick & mortor electronics place.  By the time that I look at all this technology,  the Verizon rep calls my name. When I went here on Thursday for a busted SD card and yesterday for a battery draining rapidly due to looking for an SD card, the reps were patient and professional. I am a borderline smartphone addict that is respectful. I can understand some of the irrate customers they have to deal with. Anyway my opinion of the reps is they are more of the equivalent of smartphone therapists than doctors. On Thursday, the rep even volunteered to clean my screen and did a cold battery charge. Unlike the downtown Seattle Verizon (I reviewed  this recently) and the Flamingo at Sandhill Verizons, they passed over trying to sell me stuff. As far as smartphone doctors, they are like 2G reception. The best they have done is go on forums for advice. So, youtube videos have benefitted me more for understanding technical issues. And in earlier visits, especially with the Fascinate, the solution was always its the apps or you have to do a factory reset.   It is very difficult for me to bestow a Verizon Store with more than 3 stars. There is zero excuse for not having replacement phones for a broken one. It is a bad deal for a borderline smartphone addict to be without a phone. And in general it is a bad deal for any smartphone money paying good money for service to be without the device during the time that Verizon ships a replacement,  when it should be in their corporate owned shops.  Let's put it this way, my Galaxy 3 is not getting any smarter. When it turns into a dumbphone, I will have to return to a Verizon Corporate Store. If I am still the Duke, it is out of necessity and not a choice for this borderline smartphone addict.
1	So rude! I called the store to ask a question. The clerk put me on hold for 13 minutes! I called back and got a messaging service saying this store was closed. All the clerk had to do was tell me they were closing, and I would've patiently waited to call back tomorrow!
1	This place SUCKS! My wife have had month to month billing . Wanted to upgrade and were  told we couldn't get I Phones as a affordable upgrade. The associate(an African American female) quoted us $998.00 price for the IPhone 4S with a $30.00 increase per month. After waiting almost a half hour that's what we were told? After we went home we went on Verizon website we bought the I phone 5 S (the ones at Sunset Verizon store said couldn't be bought for under $1100.00 ) with a $40.00 a month increase.............. FOR $165.00 WITH NO MONTHLY INCREASE! So i'm wondering we she TRYING TO RIP US OFF or DIDN'T WANT TO TRY AND HELP TWO LOYAL CUSTOMERS or SHE DIDN'T HAVE A CLUE ABOUT THE PRICES AND PLANS.I know possibly that going online that we could save a little money , but ALMOST $900.00 ? Then why have these stores even open for anything else but maintenance and tech support. Not saying not to shop there , but if you have a BRAIN in your head and want to save money(Who Wouldn't) go on the Verizon website and don't get ripped off. Or just avoid the female African American Representative LIKE THE PLAGUE cause she is horrible!!!!!!!!
1	The worst customer service ever! Waiting is normal but after getting help and even after talking on the phone to Verizon wireless who ensure everything will be taken care of the store rep had me do the same "technical trouble shooting" that the phone rep had me do.  I'm no novice to a smart phone and I was within my 14 day period to exchange (which the Verizon phone rep recommend I do) however the manager Jose and his crony Kevin refused to help and said to give it a 1-3 days. Anyways, I can tell when I being brushed off... Anyways, after 3 days nothing resolved (like I had thought) ... the phone still had glitches and basically had to be sent back. If you are in Henderson and need to go to a verizon store avoid this particular store, there is a store off Eastern and St. Rose which has a much friendlier and knowledgeable staff.
