4	Got a free vet visit for check-up for my kitty when I first got her. They were so sweet with her :) Vet prescribed some ointment for some kind of infection that she had, and she was good as new within 3 days. They called to see how things were going within a few days, which I thought was really nice. If shots and everything wasn't as expensive as it is, I would have came here for all of her shots and everything, but I went to animal foundations for all of that. But if theres any case where I have to bring my cat to a vet for anything, I'd consider taking her here. I'm not really fond of the area though, but then again, I was new to Vegas so I didn't know what to expect.
1	I know, I know. The law says you must have your dogs balls cut off. But my dog is 6 pound and 6 years old and he likes his balls. THese yahoos reported me to the animal Gestapo! That's right. Animal Control came to my home. I ended up having to pay a grand to keep my dog whole. Vets are like funeral home operators. They take advantage of people when they are emotionally vulnerable. VCA is pretty terrible.
5	We adopted from Lied Animal Shelter and received a free vet checkup.  We went to the closest one to the place we were living at the time which is on Charleston and Nellis.  We had a really great experience.  The front desk staff are very friendly and personable, and loveee animals.  I felt comfortable going in there. The vets that we saw (I'm sorry I don't remember either of their names) were very knowledgeable and informative.   The pound told us that we had adopted a Miniature Pinscher, but the vet brought out a book and told us he is pretty sure our dog was actually a Manchester Terrier and he was right!! I would highly recommend this office to anyone living in the area.  I really enjoyed all our experiences there.
5	Recently my husband and I decided to switch veterinary offices. For a few reasons our previous vet was not working out - mostly because of how far away it was from our home and it was a bit on the pricey side.Luckily this vet is not far from our house at all, which makes for an easy 6 or 7 minute drive. Overall I am very pleased with this vet so far. They have a place to make appointments online (yay!), but the receptionists are very helpful a nice over the phone and in person. The hospital itself is quite large and has a "cat" and "dog" entrance. The space was clean and the room we took our lab in was also clean, although a bit cold (dang, they were pumping the AC while we were there!).We were given a doctor (can't remember his name now), but he was very, very good with our pup. He sat down on the floor with him when he examined him. This doctor also specifically called to check up with us a few days after our visit.Overall I am very pleased and I am giving a 5 star review. I hope it will not go down in future visits.
5	We take both our dog and our cat to this veterinary office as it is right around the corner from our house.  We've seen Dr. Lindaman and he is fantastic.  He caught that our dog had a cracked tooth and always sits on the floor and plays with our short little corgi before he does any examination. He doesn't mind seeing the cat and dog at the same time, which is pretty hilarious in my opinion as the cat is roaming the room and the dog is down on the floor playing with him. It's like a scene out of Doctor Doolittle or something. As far as pricing go, they are reasonable for a vet. They do try to sell the lab work packages, but they don't pressure you if you decline (and once in awhile it is a good idea to get those done). The Animal Foundation has a lower cost vaccine clinic, but I really adore the staff at the Nellis VCA.   They always call as a follow up, more often than my doctor.
1	I told them I had the coupon for a free visit.  The lady asked if I got it online.  I said yes.  She told me they don't take that one.  I don't know what coupons they do take, but if you're thinking of using the Yelp coupon advertised right here on this page, they don't take it.  I don't give my money to businesses that participate in false advertising.  We went right across the street to Petsmart and they were great.
5	this vet has been nothing but amazing to me and scarlet. i went here when i first got her because it was a free visit with the adoption. they told me she had kennel couch, which apparently is very common. the gave me the meds for me and went on my way. she got better then decided she wanted to eat my underwear multiple times and then got very sick. she had to have surgery to have it removed and then had to be sent to another clinic for emergency surgery. it was craziness and really expensive but i love my baby girl. they got her all fixed up and told me to come back monday, which i was dreading to do since i though there would be another visit charge. the vet actually just wanted to see how she did and did charge me for the check up visit after surgery i was in awe after that!!! i still go back for check ups and even took her to get groomed. she isnt the best with other dogs but they still took her and get her all prettied up.
5	Ask for Dr Lindermam, he is the best! All of my animals love him, he connects with and loves every animal that he sees. The staff is very friendly and professional too. They always call before and after an appointment to check on my animals and make sure everything's ok. I've had emergencies over night and they've been able to fit me in for an appointment that same day even though they are fully booked. Dr Linderman is very honest and truly cares about your animals well being rather than just $$$. He will work with you financially and make sure you aren't overcharged for unneeded procedures. There should be more veterinarians like him!
5	They were amazing. Everyone here is so nice and they seem to love their job. I personally thought they were reasonably priced, and will be back if my pet needs a doctor.
5	We love our vet! Taking our cats here is always a great experience. The doctor and the back office staff are lovely to work with and always very good with our kittens, even our "problem child". I would definitely recommend taking your kitties here!
5	We adopted two kittens from the animal shelter and took them to the VCA Nellis Clinic.  The office staff  (Audrey) was friendly and helpful. Desiree the vet tech is most considerate and knowledgable. This was the kittens second visit for their shots and they needed their nails trimmed? We had to do a walk in visit this trip as the girls fight us as they don't like their cage now that they are over a year old! Dr. Roar usually sees them but Dr. Chambers was the vet they saw this visit and she was excellent too. I would highly recommend this clinic for all of your pets needs.
5	We have received EXCELLENT care at VCA Nellis. Dr. Roehr is a very caring and profressional Veterinarian.We treat our dogs as if there were our children, giving them the best care possible is paramount. We have found it here at VCA Nellis.
1	Not happy! I was a walk in and was told it would be a 1 hour wait. I told them I would come back, came back 45 mins later and waited in the lobby 20 mins.  They finally put me in a room and waited another 20 mins. The vet asst told me it would be another hour before the doctor could see my dog. I couldn't stay because I had other errands to do and they suggested to make an appt. I told them if I would of known it would of been about a 2 hour wait I would of done that. There is always usually a long wait everytime I go there. I wont be going back.
5	Dr. Lindaman and the staff at VCA Nellis Animal Hospital have provided the very best possible service for my Missy.  Our visits there have always been smooth--quickly in and out--and are always very helpful and informative, no matter what the reason for the visit was.Everything done--or recommended--for Missy is always fully explained.  I feel comfortable asking any question, and their patient responses tell me exactly what I need to know to make sure I am getting Missy the best possible care.When the time approaches for a necessary visit, I always get a friendly and informative e-mail (and often even a snail mail card!) letting me know I should schedule an appointment.Very simply, as long as Missy and I are together, this is the one and only place in Las Vegas where I will take her to be cared for!
