4	This place is awesome. I have no primary care physician because I don't really have any ongoing medical problems, so I have come here a couple times.Last time I was here, I dropped my car keys down a sewer grate in the parking lot. I was freaking out because I had to get to work, and was about to call AAA. One of the guys working there stopped me and instead fashioned a fishing rod out of a hockey stick, a jet-ski cord, and some medical tape, and rescued my keys. It was pretty impressive. Some of the employees I've encountered at reception here look like they should be on suicide watch, though.The doctor I've seen is super friendly, understanding, and quick, and you can get many common prescriptions on site. Plus they are open 7 days a week, 9am-9pm and it's way, way cheaper and faster than an ER visit.
4	I work for a company where injury just comes with the job. Today was my first real "incident" and I needed a few stitches. I had never been to the Med Express before and I had my doubts given my previous experiences with the typical, dirty facility, poor-attitude staff, non-caring Doctor, etc that "urgent care" places seem to be (in my experience). This, however, was a breath of fresh air! The entire facility was clean, the staff was super friendly, and the Doctor was awesome! Best bed-side manor I have ever experienced. The only reason I couldn't give 5 stars is bc there seemed to be a long wait with only a few people in the waiting room. Yet, honestly, the wait was worth it for the treatmeant I received :) .
4	As far as Urgent Cares go, this location is great. It benefits from being a newer building, but the waiting room is large, everything is really clean, and the staff is very friendly.I've been here two times and both times were pleasant experiences...well, at least as pleasant as an experience can be when you're sick. The first trip went really smooth. It was a slower night and we were in and out quickly. The last time we were there, though, took forever. In the midst of this flu season, you might be waiting for a while. Every room was taken and they only had one Doctor on staff to handle all of the patients. Luckily, everyone there was nice and a pleasure to deal with, so spending an hour there wasn't as frustrating as it could've been. The only downside was that we were there so long that by the time we left, all of the pharmacies were closed and I couldn't get my prescription for the flu meds. Grrr.Regardless, if you need a place to go for immediate medical attention that isn't life-threatening, I'd definitely recommend this particular MedExpress.
5	When you wake up one morning and your lips look like Mick Jagger mated with Angelina Jolie and your eye is swollen and itchy, you most definitely think "Urgent."  I headed out to Urgent Care after one such occasion and stopped first at the UPMC Urgent Care across the street. I often imagine that the UPMC team comes out at noon to battle MedExpress "West Side Story"-style - dare to dream.  Anyway.  I entered the UPMC waiting room to find full-blown construction, complete with chainsaws, etc., taking place amongst the patients.  After waiting 30 minutes without being registered AND being handed back an ID and credit card that were not mine, I decided to leave.  So, across the street I went to MedExpress, where I was greeted by a pleasantly silent and empty waiting room. The receptionist met me with a smile and I was in with the doctor in under 20 MINUTES.  She was professional, knowledgeable and I walked out of there with a swollen smile, but a smile nonetheless.  I'll never go anywhere else.
5	I'm very pleased with my visit.  After being up all night sick, my friend drove me over here.  The waiting room was fairly empty and I was seen quickly.  Additionally, I was able to fill my prescription onsite, which is a huge help when all you want to do is curl up in a ball and making one more stop on the way home seems impossible.  My friend who was waiting for me said that her impression of the waiting room was that everyone seemed to be treated and back out quickly.  (I was there for probably 2 hours b/c I needed to be hooked up to an IV since I was dehydrated and needed anti nausea medicine).  Definitely recommend MedExpress over sitting for hours in an emergency room.
4	In lieu of waiting 8 hours in an emergency room I decided to try my luck at this emergent care facility.  I am so happy that I did.  The wait was minimal and the associates were not crazy, mean, or apathetic. I never did actually get to see the doctor, but the physician's assistant was very attentive to everything I said. I already knew what my issue was and knew the course of action that had to be taken to get the desired results; I think my forthright plan of action, full disclosure of history, and detailed descriptions of the current situation were things none of them were used to. The surprised looks on their faces said as such.Overall it was a good experience and I would definitely return here over an emergency room if the situation dictated. I hope more people will use these facilities rather than go to emergency rooms for non-emergency issues and stop clogging them up.
1	I agree with Haley W. DO NOT GO! I don't care if you arm is falling off!  My situation wasn't as severe, but I went in and they told me I just had a common cold, when I actually had bronchitis. I ended up losing my voice for days. What really kills me is they were rude. It was if they were put off that I would come in for the common cold. The topper, after I paid a $40.00 copay I get a ill in the mail for another $35.00. I called and asked what the bill was for and they informed me there's an addition payment for being seen there. I argued that is exactly what a copay is! and asked to speak to the manager. I ended up calling about six times in all. She never answered nor returned my call. I paid the bill, because my boyfriend thought it would be a good idea, and didn't hold a protest in front of that GD place, because he, also, didn't think it would be a good idea. But I still harbor ill will, if you can't tell.
2	There wasn't anything "urgent" about my care here. I usually go to UPMC Urgent Care, but came here because it opened an hour earlier at 8, but I wasn't seen by a physician until 9:30. At 9:15 I considered leaving the exam room, asking for a refund and going across the street to Urgent Care, which I have experienced is much quicker. Instead I just opened my door and watched the nothingness happening outside of my room. I'll go with a pros and cons on this review:Pros: I was checked in the moment I walked in. Love It Or List It (a popular show on HGTV) was playing in the waiting room, which also had ample seating. They took my insurance and copayment within a few minutes of being checked in.Cons: There were no computers in the exam rooms, the nurse wrote down all of my vitals and information. I was not asked ONCE if I had an allergy to medication (I do). When I went to check out there were two staff members walking around behind the counter, not even acknowledging me for a full two minutes. I was given a prescription instead of them sending it to my preferred pharmacy for pick up.If you have to go here over UPMC Urgent Care because of insurance or cost, it will be fine. Otherwise, go to to UPMC Urgent Care.
