5	Its sad to say but true, My first stop of the day begins here! The clerks are awesome and polite and this place is always in stock of what I want and need! They even went out of there way to stock my favorite drink! I'm sure I'm the only one that buys it!! Now I know you have been into a 7-11 before and smelt and seen how clean or dirty the place is. I must say that this one is always clean, the fresh coffee smells great and the food on the grill is always fresh and full. I would typically stay away from food that is rolling lol but when I have had a taquito or buffalo chicken they have been fresh hot and tasty! There always seems to be a lot of employees here throughout the day so Im pretty much in and out no matter what time I stop by.
4	I like this 7-Eleven.  It is a clean location.  The service is fast and friendly.  They have everything you would expect to find at a 7-Eleven.We always stop here whenever we stay at South Point.  The gas is sold at an affordable price so we always buy gas here before we had back to California.  While we get gas, we go inside for snacks and drinks.They are not the best 7-Eleven store that I have been to, but they are the best I have been to in Las Vegas.
3	I've been on the hut for the chicken and waffle chips.....I just knew seven elven would have them!  Well I was disappointed!  They didn't have any!
5	Great store. It's clean, fast service and all the employees are extremely friendly. I always stop in after shopping at the fresh n easy behind it or if I'm passing by.
5	I love all 7-11's and this one is my favorite. Not only because it is close to my house but the variety of things here is outstanding. The hot dog flavor chips are so tasty, it's like a BBQ in your mouth. I got my family and friends hooked on them. The soda machine with all the different drinks that you can mix and match is so much fun! I highly suggest people experience this 7-11 because it really is and experience.
5	This is my favorite gas station everybody that works there is super friendly they are always happy they have pretty good food too! Pizza is awesome and they have those awesome drunk machines with like 100 choices awesome
2	This place can get pretty dirty by the drink area. I know customers can be slobs but that just means you need to be more diligent cleaning that area. The reason I gave a two star rating, however, is that one cashier treated my husband like garbage. He goes there EVERYDAY on his way to work to buy drinks. He had just purchased $5 in drinks and went out to the car to get his Big Gulp cup, from the day before, to put some ice in. He told them it was his cup when he came back inside and the cashier still tried to charge him $1.75 for JUST THE ICE!!! He was nasty about it too. When my husband asked the cashier about not charging the customer in front of him for ice the cashier said, "Ya, so." So essentially the cashier was either prejudice or just rude. Either way we don't go to that location any more. That cashier ruined that store for us, which sucks, because I love Slurpees and it is so close.
