2	I feel bad for the guy that manages this place.  Every time we have gone in there it's dead and this fella is so desparate to get us to buy something.  He actually said "you would be stupid not to pre-order (this game)."  Calling your customers stupid is not a good way to make a sale, friend.It gets two stars because it's a good place to take *newer* used games.  If something is on their "Wanted" list they will give you good trade credit for it, but otherwise, don't give him a cent.
2	I personally have been there many times and after having my pre-order info messed up twice by amber who looks really unprofessional with hair that's usually two different colors, as well as the other workers who lie on the phone about price and inventory info making me have to go to the PV mall to find a certain game at that Gamestop, although their customer service on returning recently purchased used games is good, the HUGE, disorderly lines every time there is a new midnight release makes me not want to pre-order here ever again. All-in-all i wouldn't recommend anyone to make a "GAMESTOP"  here unless they absolutely have to.
4	Well I can see there has been no reviews for this locale in awhile.....so let me just say things have improved.I really like the customer service I receive each time I visit.....not to mention they are always trying to make sure you get a pretty good deal. They don't do any real "hard" selling and I appreciate that.....however they do try to get you to take the store credit rather than cash. Personally I don't mind taking the store credit because you can get some pretty good deals when you do. I don't buy used games much and I don't really trade many things but when I do this is my destination of choice. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!!
5	Expect what you would expect from any gamestop. The reason it gets 5 stars is because the girls that were working when I went in were very nice and super fast at the transactions.
5	I should start by saying I'm not a big gamer...I'm pretty much a gaming novice. I called about a certain game I was interested in buying and they were very friendly and helpful over the phone. I was pleased to discover Game Stop was by far the cheapest place to find the game I wanted. Later when I came in to pick up said game, they answered all my questions and helped me find a few more games I might be interested in but they weren't pushy at all. I appreciated being spared the hard sell. A few hours later called because I was having a small issue with a game and they were very patient and helped me figure out the issue, which was completely my fault. I felt bad for wasting their time, but they made a great impression by how far they'd go to help a customer. I will definitely come back here for all my gaming needs.
1	We are done with this company.  Every time we step in any of their stores we leave disgusted by their prices and rules.  My son in law was shopping with my 16 year old son.  He tried to purchase a rated M game.  The cashier refused to sell to him because he was shopping with a minor.   That is ridiculous.
