1	Sorry, Bradford.I declare war on Target.  Yelp War.  I bought a microwave at target last year in, say, October.  Being that it was manufactured in August, I feel like it's a reasonable thing to think that it should be working in May of 2009.  However, this is not so reasonable.  Now, if I were a retailer of the size and ilk of Target (I even own their stock) and someone bought a piece of garbage from me, I'd take it back, exchange it for a new microwave of the same model and value, and then deal with Sharp on my own since my voice would mean something to them.But no.  If you haven't a receipt w/in 90 days, it doesn't matter how crappy the merchandise was.  Why don't we just go Wal-Mart and make stuff that will last 91 days so then we can give the big F-You! to all our customers?  It'd be great!(At Costco, if you buy something that sucks, they take it back, no questions asked.  None.  And I've seen this many times, for things much more valuable than microwaves that don't work.)So having this standard of comparison, I know that it is possible to take care of a customer, which means that Target powers that be have decided that it just isn't worth it to stand behind their crap.  Well guess what: you just lost my business, and with that dies a little piece of my heart.  You suck, target.  And now Costco gets your business on top of all of that.  May your stores all close (except Brad's) and may your shares plummet to $1.53 before you ditch your senior management and rally to become the store you may have once been and always had the potential to be.Until that day, sorry Bradford.  Target can kiss my ass.
3	This is the closest Target in my "hood".  It is an ok store.  It's clean for the most part and it's good for a quick trip if you need something fast.  I have not had any bad experiences at this store.  In fact, I went to the pharmacy there to fill a prescription.  I needed to get it within the next few days. They called me to let me know that they did not have it in the stock and it would not be there for at least five days.  I needed it just a little faster so the young woman asked if she could call another Target for me and see if anyone else had it in stock.  I said yes and she did and called me back within 15 minutes to tell me the store on Gilbert Rd. could help me.  I appreciated that and she went that extra little mile for me.  Overall this is a decent store and I go here when I just need a couple of things cause it's close.
