5	Lisa the owner is very nice.  She always remembers customers names.Very comfortable pedicure chairs, and the salon is very clean.
5	I discovered Lisa Nail Salon through Yelp and thank you!  I was in town for a business trip and wanted to get a pedicure.  Lisa did an awesome job taking care of my tired feet and badly-needed-overhaul nails.  She was friendly and made me feel comfortable.  Also, the salon didn't have the strong acetone smell.  Thanks Lisa!
4	Nice, clean, local nail salon.  Not super fancy, but the staff was very friendly and knew all of the other customers by name (I was a first timer).  Competitive pricing for a full listing of nail services.  Pedi with Gel Manucure was $40 (I think as part of a fall special).  I will definitely return.
4	Been coming to this neighborhood nail salon ever since they opened about 9 years ago.  Recently they had a change in ownership but the environment is even better than before and is fresh and clean.  Staff always greets me by my first name when I walk in.  Recently started getting their shellac manicure which I love!
4	My mom took my daughter here under the previous ownership.  I went twice and was kinda meh.  Then she took the daughter back recently and told me it was under new ownership.  Decided to check it out.  I've had the spa pedicure and a color change, both times very happy with the results.  Amazed my color change only has chipping on the big toes, and this is after hiking all over Sedona.  Granted my Keens have protected toes, but I was impressed.  Toes held up much better than my backside which has lovely bruises after a nice slide down the Harding trail.This place is fantasically clean.  $22 for a spa pedi w/ hot rocks.  Not a bad deal at all.
4	I wanted to treat myself with a simple manicure, so I stopped at Lisa's nails. I received quick and friendly service from Phu. The salon didn't have that stinky nail salon smell, which was nice. I have had my nails done for 5 days now, and the polish hasn't chipped at all! I am very impressed! I will be back in a couple weeks to try the gel manicure.
1	Worst nail experience I've ever had!  He cut them shorter then they should have been cut and  I asked for "squareish" cut on my nails, so they'd be rounded on edges, but there was no rounding.  After I had paid, before he put polish on them, I said they still needed to be rounded and he said it was too late....and he meant it!  My pedicure left me with skin hanging off two toes - not trimmed well.  Very little interaction with me during the hour I was there and the tools didn't look clean.  I will never return...and would advise you go elsewhere if you want quality work!
1	Went in and was not acknowledged so I finally said excuse me and asked if I could get a polish change. I was told NO. We are busy! Not it will be 15 min or 30 min just NO! Plus there was only 2 customers there! Extremely rude and I would not waste my time! Went to delightful nails across the street and they were awesome!
5	Clean place! Beautiful pedicure and gel french manicure. Nice massages as well. So pleased with overall experience.. (Esp. Compared to my other local nail places)
1	If getting your nails done in a clean environment is important to you, I would suggest steering clear of this place. I went in for a manicure one morning and another lady was waiting for one right after me. The glass bowl filled with water used to soak my nails in was simply dumped out and refilled with water for the next person. I was totally disgusted! There are no sanitizing solutions in sight. The nail utensils used are kept in plastic boxes and not cleaned after each use. I watched the lady wipe my dead skin off and then put them right back in the box. I was totally grossed out. Also, she asked me if I would pay for my manicure before we started, which I thought was a little weird, but not too big of a deal I suppose. And on top of that, it started chipping the next day because she was rushed to get to the next customer and missed the sides of my nails with the second coat. Delightful nails across the street is much better!
5	this is my absolute favorite place to get my nails done! the guy that works there Tom is like the nicest guy ever, does a really amazing job on my nails every time I go. I went to a place close to this called "cute nail" and they had messed up my nails so bad so the next time I went in for a fill I made sure I went to Lisa's and tom fixed my nails and made my nails look perfect. he also was very busy and even stayed after hours to do people nails. would highly recommend this place
