2	This is the Wendy's closest to my house, so needless to say, it is the one I most frequently visit. 99% of the time, the service is great. However, this review reflects a single negative visit that will stick in my mind every time I visit one of their restaurants. This would have been roughly a year and a half ago. I went to this restaurant with my girlfriend to get some dinner, and ordered (among other things) a vanilla Frosty Shake. When I got to the window, an older, grayish-haired guy was working, and I tried to hand me a chocolate shake.As nice as possible, I said to the gentleman that it was supposed to be a vanilla shake. The proper thing to do would have been to say "I'm sorry, I'll take care of it for you."But this guy didn't do that. He SLAMMED the drive-thru window shut in my face, THREW the shake into the garbage as hard as he could, and screamed something at another employee (possibly profanity, I couldn't tell with the window closed.) I have reported this on the company's website and haven't seen this particular employee there since, so that leads me to believe it was taken care of.Let's be realistic - I'm always going to eat at Wendy's. This is NOT a bad location, but sometimes a bad visit can negatively impact your whole view on a restaurant chain. I still love their food and still go here, though it's going to be hard to think of Wendy's and not think about this experience.
3	The staff seems to change frequently with is a usual thing in fast food.  Wendy's can't figure out their drink policy, it keeps changing all the time.  First, they will refill your drinks with the original cup.  Next, they changed it to not touching your cup (makes sense) but then getting a new cup for you.  So we never know what it is going to be on our next visit.  It would be so much easier for them to turn the drink dispenser around for self serve but then I am sure they are saving cost on the syrup for the drinks.  Sometimes their new staff have issues with using the register and getting an order correct even after you repeated it a couple of times.  Their new heads-up register, one can now see what they are ordering you.  Last, I know its 100 degrees out but why must I have to bring a jacket in to keep warm while I eat inside?  The workers need it cool cause they are around the grill and moving around but to freeze out the customer????  Funny part was the manager passed by and asked if I was too cold.... I guess she noticed my shivering.
1	Rude employees, don't carry diet coke for those who need it. I rather drive to another place than go there. I rather drive to the one down the street..
1	We have had probably the worst experience ever at any restaurant... The "manager" Claudia is a horrible person who is rude, and should not have a job any place that she has to deal with people. Took close to 30 minutes from the time we got into the store till we got the food. She was rude to both my wife, and to other customers, then I hear her on the phone to probably her boss saying that some customrs are probably going to be calling to complain but they are all idiots. Horrible and I hope wendy's takes care of this problem. We will never ever eat at another Wendy's
3	Wendy's is just average anymore.  A few things I hate about most Wendy's:  1.  Why do I have to ask for a refill?  Most every other place allows me to get refills on my own.2.  Where did the old salad bar go?  That used to be one of my reasons for coming.3.  What's up with these new fries, they suck.Other than those complaints, I really do like some of the new burgers especially the limited time burgers they have done.  Of course, the kid in me still loves the FROSTY, good old chocolate frosty's are enough to put a smile on my face.
1	Horrible IDIOT working the drive thru tonight!! Ordered a large meal and didn't receive drink or fries... The food was a 3/10.. Will not be going back to Wendy's, EVER ... Management should think about reevaluating your staff and get the orders right !! If you wanted a tip, you should work for it, not steal it from customers LOSER..
1	This is the one of the worse Wendy's ever! Today I went in for lunch and one of the employees (with a raspy voice) was very loud and the other employees were telling her not to yell. Meanwhile, the girl taking my order had so many flakes in her hair I was afraid they were going to fall into my food. Talk about an appetite ruiner!A few weeks back when I went thru the drive-thru, the same lady with raspy voice, took my money without saying one word, much less a thank you. Sorry, but if I give someone money the least they should do is say thank you!I also don't like that you can't get your own sodas, especially since they ignore you when you try to get a refill. I will drive to a different Wendy's for my lunch break from now on.
2	Needs help. Several visits cause its close. Always getting screwed in the drive thru
1	again I went to this Wendy's... today for lunch. Why do I do this to myself? I wanted a burger & Sprite, my pregnant co-worker wanted a baked potato. NO potatoes, WHAAT?!? then NO Sprite!!! They were missing 2 out of 3 items and there was no way in heck I was returning to work without that potato! deny a pregnant girl her craving..  NEVER! so again I spent my lunch break driving to another Wendy's!
1	Tonite at the drive thru they gave me a baked potato that looked terrible and smelled worse ! totally unedible. Last week they gave me the right salad but no dressing! I'll find another one to go to from now on. Hope management is smart enough to read these.
1	Horrible! Worst Wendy's in Henderson! Go somewhere else! The rude staff neglected to tell me they were out of brioche buns and forgot the bacon on my husbands burger. When they gave me my food at the window, no smile, no hello, no here's your order, no thank you. Just a sour puss faced teenager not uttering a single word, sticking her arm out making zero eye contact. When I got home and unwrapped my crappy and wrong burgers, I was pissed, so I called and spoke to the manager. He, in a not very remorseful or apologetic tone, offered to replace my meal the next time I came in. Great, right? Wrong. When I came in a week later, I asked for the manager I talked to and he came over with an already stank face. He took my order, didn't charge me, didn't apologize, and went back to chatting up the obviously younger than him teens in the kitchen. To top it off, while I was waiting for my food, a group of employees were hanging out in the back, eating in plain sight in the kitchen, when one must have dared the other to eat something gross. One of the female employees started yelling at another loudly, "Hey look, look!! Oh no! Don't do it! Eww!! Eww!! Eww!! He ate it!! Gross!!"...... Not something you want to hear from people in charge of preparing your food. NEVER AGAIN!!! A shame too, it's on my way home from work.
1	This place was an ordering disaster. No one seemed to know what was going on.  The food was just as good as any other Wendy's.  Don't go here unless you have a lot of patience and time to waste.  The manager did apologize for the wait and stopped by our table to check on us.
5	The staff is always friendly and they get the orders up fast. The prices are good the dollar burgers and fries are very good.
