5	For an off-Strip steakhouse experience reminiscent of old-school, semi-formal dining from the Las Vegas of yesteryear, you can't beat Becker's.  The steaks, sides, wines, and ambience are well worth the money.  If you want to splurge on top-quality surf 'n turf (at least once in your lifetime), this is the place for you.
4	I've heard of it from locals, and saw the building before it opened. Infact I stopped by to grab a bite and it wasn't even finished yet. Then I returned there as it came highly recommended. The location is pretty bad, not because its in a bad neighborhood, just the neighborhood itself doesn't really fit the place. The little strip block where Beckers is has just a few other businesses next to it. Nobody can see it, and I think that is the reason why theyre no longer 24 hours, no longer serve breakfast, and now they will be closing on Sunday/Monday. If I could get some people to know this place existed it may be able to make it out of what looks to be a near-closing future. Upon entering I saw the artwork of Victor Ostrovsky in the entry way, perfect lighting then more double doors greeted by a large center bar, piano on the side and a dozen or more paints by Ostrovsky above the tall back booths. We were promptly seated and the service was perfect, quickly set with drinks, those who brought me there couldn't remember which way they liked their chocolate martini so they brought both of them to try and remember, only to find out 'the other way' was better. :)A simple dinner, and no frowning on the split orders. (wasn't too hungry) and the appetizer, stuffed mushrooms were killer and very huge! The fillet was cooked to order, topped perfectly and the sauces were on the side (always good).Their interior was killer, the live music was perfect, the service was key and the food was great. The price was kinda high, but split orders made it possible to eat there without breaking the bank.
1	closed -- but it sounds like they're still doing special events here...
