3	We've boarded our two dogs here twice.  The first time went pretty well.  However, when we picked up our dogs after the second visit, our Chow Chow / Retriever mix had a large, open gash at the top of his neck that was still bleeding.  We pointed it out to the employees there but they just shrugged their shoulders and acted like they didn't know what happened.  Needless to say, we'll be taking our business elsewhere next time.
4	This weekend was the second time that we've boarded our two terriers at the Animal Inn.The first time was for a little over a week.  Things seemed to go well, though they had a little bit of kennel cough.  From what I understand after some online research, this just kind of happens in boarding pets.We again used their services for the weekend.  The dogs are always miserable to leave me, and overjoyed to see me, and it's always a nice reunion.  My littlest terrier can be difficult to handle with new people, but they handled her very professionally and gently.  When I picked the dogs up, said "stranger unfriendly" dog was walking well-behaved on her leash.The place itself is reasonably priced, and they allow toys, blankets, etc. to give the dog some familiarity from being away from home.  They also have playtime, where they allow the dogs some time to stretch their legs, and offer to do grooming/washing before you pick them up. They also don't socialize your dogs with other dogs, which is greatly appreciated.They've also been good sports about times that I've called in to check on my pups (concerned pet parent in me), and the general staff is friendly and helpful overall.The dogs seem fine after being home.  Happy to be home, content, napping and smelling fresh.  The only thing I have an issue with (though this is through no fault of their own) is that they are a bit of a drive for me to get there.  Again, this is only a personal quibble, and doesn't reflect on them.I'll board my dogs there again the next vacation.  As long as they're cared for, happy, healthy, and in one piece, I'll be glad to both recommend and use their services.
4	I felt the need to update my review, as after multiple times of using their services now for when we travel, I have always received excellent service from this place.Yet again, we had to book the pups for another out of town trip.  I find the staff friendly and well humored, and they seem to care both about my dogs and in answering my questions that my dogs are okay and attended to.  I've brought my own food every time, and the staff has always been perfectly fine with me bringing treats, pills, toys, blankets, etc.I think one of my dogs got a little bit of kennel cough from this last trip, but overall, she's fine and happy to be home.I feel bad for this place due to the "horror stories" that other reviews have apparently experienced here, resulting in some pretty harsh reviews.  Certainly, I can't be the only person in Vegas who has had positive experiences here.  I mean, I keep bringing my dogs back, and I love my dogs, so obviously I'm not going to willingly put them in a poor environment.  My dogs aren't coming home covered with huge gashes or feces, and only twice have they had a cold, under colder weather conditions.  They do have heaters for the dogs and close them off from the wind, though, so it's not like they are left out in the freezing elements overnight.It's a loud place with a lot of barking dogs.  It's more than what my dogs are used to at home, but I can't bring my pups on my travels, so it's either this or don't go anywhere.  The rates went up a little bit, but it's still personally reasonable.Four times in, they still treat my dogs well.  I'll keep returning as long as I get the same service that I have grown used to.  At this point, they've well earned my continued business.
1	On Easter weekend, we called Animal Inn regarding their rates.  They informed about their price but failed to tell us about an additional rate being that it's Easter.  They did however, remember to tell us that they close early on Easter Day.We brought our Tibetan Spaniel there and she absolutely did not want to go in.  The workers are not friendly and/or accomodating at all.  Terrible service all the way around.  We asked them why they couldn't tell us that there were extra fees over the phone when we called and they just said "well that's how it is".   We would be happy to pay the extra money, but not when they intentionally fail to tell us to accomodate their business.  Upon picking our dog up, no one greeted me as I entered the door, so I stood there waiting as they were all staring at me, until someone had the descency to acknowledge a customer.  They were rude, very unfriendly, and did not seem to care about the animals.  Our dog seemed a little traumatized after we brought her home to bathe and feed her.  I DO NOT recommend this place to anyone!
5	I feel comfortable leaving my dogs here. Think about that statement. You have your pets which really are your children. Nobody else will love them they way you do so how comfortable are you going to feel leaving them behind?If it's a place like Animal Inn, then very comfortable.Several times we've left our two Cairn Terriers with the nice people (not disinterested as some people have claimed) at Animal Inn. The first time was for over a week. We took a chance as we haven't used them before but nothing stood out as worrisome. The staff must have picked up on our worry and suggested we call while we were on vacation. We did call during the middle.  The lady who answered offered to check on our dogs. Since we were on hold for a few minutes, I choose to believe she really did go out to the area and see our dogs. "Yeah, they're laying in the sun." (It wasn't Vegas Hot at the time).After our week long vacation, they became our go to kennel. Each time while we were sad to leave our babies behind, they seemed happy to see us but no worse for wear. No timid walks as if the were abused, no gashes on their body, no limping dogs, no timid shakiness, or anything like that. In addition there's a nice big area where they can get some private play time.The worse we ever saw was a bit of kennel cough. From my understanding even the best kennels can give your dog kennel cough. Since it seems common with all kennels, I'm not going to deduct any points. The area seems warm and there are heat lamps to fight the cold when needed so it seems they're taking reasonable precautions.As for the staff, never once have they seem disinterested. Perhaps they didn't do the proper curtsy for other customers, hence the bad review. I've small talked, showed our animals, seen them hold up their part of the conversation, and they seem to be happy enough with their job. I never got a bad attitude.Due to not making arrangements in time, we had to go to another kennel since Animal Inn was full. Never again will we go with anyone else. The animals were shivering in their pens, the place was generally run down, and it just "seemed" like the dogs were unhappy. While I don't want to name that place, Animal Inn is the opposite.One note I want to share about Animal Inn is where they truly excelled: We did have to cancel a trip since our Cairn got an abscess. We thought it best not to leave. Even though I'm sure she would have been fine at Animal Inn, we just couldn't leave her when she was hurting. It's just not something a good owner / parent would do. We called the people to cancel our reservation.Instead of sighing into the phone or acting indifferent as some have claimed, they expressed sadness that "Junie" was hurt. "Oh we love Junie! I hope she's OK", they said. We changed the trip and will definitely use them in two weeks when we go. The structure and infrastructure seem modern enough, the dogs are full of energy in the pen, have that happy noisy sound and not that sorrowful sound suggesting mistreatment seen at other kennels.So to recap, if you want a place you can trust and decent prices that still allow you to take your vacation trust the nice people at Animal Inn.
5	I have left my dog here twice and every single time they have been very accommodating. They are quite cheap in comparison to lets say petsmart hotel. They have a bath package for checkout day which always makes my beagle smell so good.Staff is very friendly and the location is very close to the strip. It is just over a bridge from the south strip (Mandalay Bay). Clean but always super loud from all the barking lol.
1	We have taken our dogs there for a little over a year now and it has always been great. They have stayed as long as two weeks and we have never had a problem. This last weekend we were out of town and we were not even an hour outside of town when I got a call saying that our dogs had been in a fight. Our dogs are fine together but not when they are closed in small spaces and there is food present. When we dropped them off, we let them know that they had to be in separate runs which we paid for (they have a cheaper rate when you combine the dogs into one run). One of our dogs got into the other dogs run. They say he chewed through the chain link and climbed over the cinder block wall, not sure how that happened but anyway, the Inn called to tell me about it and to offer to take them to the vet.....for a fee!! Plus we would have to pay the vet bill when number one on their contract is that they will keep "animals safely enclosed"! When we went to pick them up we still paid the boarding fee, after all when you eat at a restaurant and the food is bad you still have to pay, but when we said we wanted to talk to someone about covering the vet bill, they said they would try and get in touch with the owner but that he was touring Asia. It has been about 4 days since this first happened, 24 hours since we picked the dogs up and we are taking our dog to the vet for multiple stitches, a drainage tube in his neck, meds and then first thing tomorrow we are filing against them. While the girls there seem to love our dogs, any place that can't secure their animals and then refuses to pay the medical bill for their failure is unacceptable. It is a risk I am not willing to take ever again.
5	i have left my dog here 4 times starting in September 2010 when i turned 21 and i loved it. it cost $17(for a small dog) a day plus $2.50 for play time(only if you want it) and an extra 8 for the late check out fee, i left him for 2 days and payed $47. i live in LA and out here dog boarding is serious business and is very expensive most of the places with good reviews cost $50+ per night, the dog has to be neutered, no aggressive breeds, you have to bring the food and some places bedding. sure the dog gets his own room with tv and a live webcam feed so the owner can check in on him ever so often but is it really all necessary? i just want to leave Gordo (my dog) somewhere were they would feed him, let him out to do his business, and keep an eye on him. Animal inn did that and more. when i first left him i was asking a bunch of questions and they answered all of them nicely. i asked if i could see where he would stay and they showed me the dog runs and puppy room and asked which one i would prefer for him. how nice is that? what my boyfriend liked was that they remembered us the last time we went as soon as we walked through the door one of the ladies yelled out gordo and smiled at him before we even walked up to the counter they already had my file up that was pretty cool it made me feel like my dog mattered to them not like other places where they take your money and put you dog in the back.here they provide dry food and bedding at no extra cost if you forget your own. they even ask you how you want them to be fed, if they are on a special diet they take care of that too, and treats can be left as well.  play time is an extra 2.50 a day but hey im in vegas to play why cant he? favorite dog toys are advised to be left with the owner because they are always cleaning and dont want them to be misplaced, although i have left towels with them so gordo can at least smell us and maybe calm down and i have always got them back. true this isnt a fancy dog hotel with a live feed but you can check in on your dog during his stay anytime they are open and since they are 5 min off the strip( right off the 15 take ext 37) it is very convenient when coming in vegas and leaving also  in case of an emergency they are not too far away. right now im planning my boyfriends bday in july and we will definitely leave gordo here again. i know hes in good hands
5	I needed a place to board my 2 shih tzu's and this was the place I ended up going with. I have to admit, I was hesitant at first because my dogs have never been boarded before. But after my shocking visit to A-V.I.P. Pet Resort, this place was my only other option. Let me just start off by saying, there was several people on staff and very friendly. I immediately felt comfortable when I met Denise because she expressed so much love and friendliness towards my pups, not to mention Naomi and the other staff. I payed extra for the Jumbo run so that my dogs, Charlie and Chanel, can have as much room as possible. It only costs $45 per night. I was allowed to bring their doggie beds, blankets, toys, food and snacks. I was even allowed to visit my dogs as many times as I wanted during normal business hours. I went once in the morning, and once before closing time and I paid $2.50 to have them take out my dogs for 10-15 minutes mid-day. It was a big relief knowing that my dogs were in a good clean environment that was sanitized multiple time per day. They even have heaters for when it gets cold. When I picked up my dogs, they were ready to come home but I know that I will come back if I ever need to board my pets while i'm in Vegas. I added photos so that you can see how the jumbo run looks.
4	I recently moved here from Hawaii, and moving with pets can be a nightmare. Animal Inn was very helpful and accommodating.  After a 5 hr flight to LA, then a 4 hr drive to Vegas with 2 cats, my nerves were shot. I was mentally preparing myself for something to go wrong with the boarding process, but to my surprise it was smooth!  The staff gave me a tour of their facility. Everything was clean and the animals had plenty of room in there kennels. There is also a play area where they put the cats in so they too can get some exercise. The staff also informed me that I could drop by anytime to visit my cats. That was very reassuring to me that Animal Inn takes pride in what they do. They treated my animals like they were their own. You also can't beat the price. It was $20 a day for both cats and they offer a military AND multiple pet discount.  I will definitely leave my pets here again.
1	First for the great news! My dogs got kennel cough from here!Secondly it's really a dog pound. It stinks and it's so noisy it sounds like a jetliner at five feet over your head when you walk into the kennel area where they keep all the dogs. When I went in I asked specifically for an indoor crate where both of my dogs could be together. They are essentially lap dogs: a yorkie and a morkie. Each weighs around 7 lbs. each. I brought them their favorite blanket and toys so they would at least have something from home. They got neither of them in their cement kennel. The blanket was spotless and clean.When I toured the place first I told them in no uncertain terms that my dogs were NOT to be put in the dog run with all of the very large animals. That's the kennel part where they all stay together in one big room in separate cages. It's loud, it's concrete and it's dirty looking. My dogs aren't used to noise at all. This place did have a small inside room where the little dogs are kept that is quieter and more cozy. My dogs are crate trained and find the confines of a small area together to be very comfortable, but yet they said my dogs wouldn't behave in there. My dogs are so well behaved it's ridiculous. It felt very passive aggressive. When I picked them up my yorkie was coughing really bad and my morkie wouldn't leave my side all night. I warned them that if my dogs were kept in an environment like the one that they had them in when I arrived that my dogs would be NOT okay. I was right, you know, because they are my dogs. These people do not care about your wishes, they only care about their convenience. They told me that they couldn't keep my dogs in an inside crate because they kept knocking over their water and food and barking. Right.I didn't hear my yorkie bark until she was two years old. She ONLY barks if she hears an intruder. My morkie does bark, but again, only if he's distressed. My dogs live a very comfortable, spoiled life. They do not live a dog pound life. It's no wonder they're traumatized. My yorkie exhibited depression for a whole day after I picked her up.If you love your animal and you want special care given to them, don't choose this place. It's a racket and I was so disappointed and upset AND I also have a vet bill to show for it.
4	Left our baby here on our recent trip here and I was for the most part happy great prices compared to most places. A Very friendly staff that played with and introduced themselves to Payton before taking her back to the kennels. They had a large grassy play yard for the dogs and yes they charge extra for playtime and stuff but it's still cheaper then home which charges close to 50 a night in most places. My only real complaint is that we didn't see the kennel area so I don't know what it looks like back there but to be fair I did not ask to be taken back either. I will come back because Payton was very happy and healthy when I picked her up.
4	This place looks kinda shady on the outside!  I was nervous dropping my dog off here while staying in Vegas.  But, he returned clean and happy.  The rates are really great too... Two days of boarding and grooming cost me $46.
4	Our two very pampered poochies loved their stay here.  They have a quiet room with smaller kennels up front.  Staff seemed very caring and friendly.  Prices were excellent.  We will be coming back.
4	This was the first time I had left my puppies anywhere. It was a bit emotional for me but the girls who work there made me feel I wasn't being neurotic. My husband on the other hand.... Max and Lil Bit stayed for a couple nights and would totally bring them back again. They had a smaller kennels in the puppy room. I paid extra for some play time outside and both dogs seem like they had a good time.
1	This is a terrible place to leave your dog. It is more like a dog pound than a boarding place. The spaces where they keep the dogs are dirty and look uncomfortable. The staff looks very disinterested and they treat your pet like just another number. If you really love your dog and want to leave them in a pleasant and fun environment do not leave them here. My poor bulldog was traumatized from his stay here and I felt really bad that I left him here for three days to suffer. Please do your research before leaving your pets here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Great place. Our Morkie spent 7 days there. The staff was great and our dog came home and seemed to enjoy it. We made reservations 2 months prior and they staff was on top of it when i arrived. They had a file started and booked everything and notes were put into the computer of all instructions. We opted for daily play time. My friend picked up our dog the day we returned and they asked for his ID and and made sure he had everything before he left. I would highly recommend this place.
1	Poor management! Before deciding to board my dog here I was told I would need up to date shot records.  Not a problem (so I thought) since my dog had received her rabies shot and all other required shots less than 2 weeks earlier. When I arrived to drop her off I was told by the woman at the front desk that even though her shots were "technically up-to-date" they would not board her for the weekend because she was due for a booster shot in 3 weeks. How can a dog be up-to-date on her shots and be turned away because she will be due for shots in the future. All dogs will require future shots. The staff seemed friendly but obviously the management is lacking!  I ended up boarding her at another location that was friendly, clean, and run properly!  They were dumbfounded as to why Animal Inn would turn us away...that makes two of us!
4	They took very good care of my animals for a week. Each time we went to visit our animals (we were moving home from out of state so we were local during the boarding) they were happy, cat box was clean, and they looked cared for. The staff even commented on their personalities which showed me that they spent time with them. I will use them in the future.
5	I started using Animal Inn back in 2000 for my Belgian shepherd.  She was always spoiled rotten by the staff to the point where she was allowed more play time.  She was a retired LAPD K9.  Since her passing in 2005 I had not been back till now.  I rescued a beautiful previously abused Morkie 7 months ago.  I had to have neck disc surgery and had a friend who was to keep her for a couple weeks for me...till the friend flaked at the very last hour to shop with her friends.  I called Jessica at Animal Inn in tears.  Fearful for my little girl, afraid she would feel abandoned, she assured me Daisey would be fine.  I just got home from the hospital, called Animal Inn with a very raspy voice and the friendliest voice on the other end said.... This must be Daisey's Mom"...relief flooded immediately. Report...Daisey's 1st night was hard on her but Jessica took to Daisey immediately and has been treating her as her own.  When in a situation like this...last minute... I can tell you that I will only board at Animal Inn.  Thankyou Jessica and staff for allowing Daisey Mae to be taken care of by you.
5	I always board my Brittany spaniel mix here whenever I go out of town. I used to work at a boarding facility as my first job so I understand that things don't always go the way the owners want (getting the cage you want, getting sick, place being dirty at times, not putting blankets or toys in the cage with the animal). The thing I always appreciate about this place is that my dog generally seems happy to come and especially that they know me as a client and know my dog by heart. If they know me and my dog, that obviously means they care enough about my dog to check on him a few times. If your dogs get sick, they should be vaccinated against it so that's clearly a lack on your behalf, dogs are dirty hence why the facility is sometimes dirty plus it's old. If blankets aren't put in the cage it's probably because they don't want they dog to chew on it, choke and or get it messy which gets them messy and they won't be able to be cleaned for awhile. I love the Animal Inn!
5	I first used Animal Inn to board my 90 lb  Lab and my 49 lb Lab mix in 2012. I  was happy enough with my first visit that I once again called on Animal Inn to board my Lab mix (the Lab has passed on) from 2/13 - 2/18/14. The bottom line is that I am very satisfied with Animal Inn and will board my canines here again for my next Las Vegas visit. What makes me a happy customer?1) Staff and employees who treat my pets with care and concern2) Facility is clean and smells clean. 3) Staff carefully executed feeding and other instructions4) Closeness to LV Strip5) Ability to stop in,  visit. and play.  I've not used it but they do allow you to take the pet off-site for the day, during business hours.6) A person on-site 24 x 77) Rates that are a very good value to me8) Grooming services, also at reasonable rates9) Ability to submit vaccination records in advance by email or fax to be sure all vaccinations are in good order.My experiences boarding my dogs at Animal Inn on 2 separate occasions for 5 nights  each visit have been very positive.
5	After moving to the area, I was hesitant to try a new boarding company for my 2 parrots and cat. Then I ran across Animal Inn's website and went in for a visit. They have a security camera-monitored, 24 hour-occupied, clean, roomy establishment for excellent prices, and the workers there are so nice and helpful! I got a couple of update calls from them during my vacation concerning the parrots' behavior (the parrots fight a little sometimes over food). I can't think of anything to add, my experience with Animal Inn was absolutely wonderful, we'll undoubtedly be boarding our babies there next vacation!
5	I don't know why , I have never reviewed this place before !! I have been using them for over ten years , since I first moved to Las Vegas , they came highly re commended from the concierge , I had moved here and couldn't take procession of my house for a couple of days , due to some problems with the paperwork , so I had to board my dogs , they called the vet from fl , to verify my dogs shot records etcetera , and provided a welcoming and loving home away from home for them , I have since  used them for boarding my dogs while on vacation 2 to 4 times a year ! I have tried to leave them with friends here in town , and on a couple separate occasions those were a disaster , once while with friends my dog hurt her leg , and another they were left alone for two days , so now I leave it all to the professionals ! Just so you know this place is very non de script, and not super fancy , but they make up for it in service and care ! You have the option of using your own food ( which I do ) or theirs, and can save the half day charge by getting your pets washed on the day if pick up ! They have on occasion boarded other types of animals , but I would call to find out ! Everyone there really does seem to love their job there , & I did meet a former employee at a bar once , who did have nothing but great things to say about working here ! And as I always pay for play time ( dogs gotta have fun too right?lol) she assured me that yes it is done every day and usually runs longer than what you pay for !  How many of us can actually say great things about a former employer!!?  All in all I will continue to use this place ( even tho I do have a friend , that works at one of the upscale doggie hotels in town ,shhhh!) but for value and service this place can't be beat !!
5	I used to board my cat nearly every month at the Animal Inn a few years back. Being in the airlines, I would fly overseas for two weeks and needed a reliable as well as affordable boarding facility.  As I checked around, I found many to be overly priced not to mention that they would just leave the cat in a kennel. This was not acceptable for me, as I could not leave my cat caged for two weeks straight. I checked with the Animal Inn and they did inform me that they do let the cats out for play, but one at a time....a smart decision! I inspected the facility, and while it is no Four Seasons Hotel for cats, it was clean, looked comfortable, and the staff obviously loved animals. I did like that whenever I called to see how he was doing, they would also let me know a cute or funny thing he did!My little guy spent a lot of time here for the couple of years I had to fly out, and during that time, the staff got to know him very well...down to which kennel he preferred to noises that irritated him and other quirks. He, in turn, learned how to socialize with humans other than myself, as he was a very skittish cat who ran away whenever guests would visit....not so anymore...he has become more trusting and friendly. Eventually, the staff got to know him so well, all I had to do was mention his name at reservation and they got everything ready...including his favorite kennel...even for same day service! Though I do not have to board my boy anymore, I still recommend Animal Inn to friends, and if I had to board him, I would still choose the Animal Inn!
5	It's always tough finding accommodations for your fur babies when traveling, and this place was SPOT ON for curing our worries. The building was a little bit older- but it's kept immaculately clean and presentable. Not only was it very inexpensive, but the staff was friendly and our pups seemed very happy. We will definitely be back!
3	We had reservations at another location but wouldn't be making it to Las Vegas until late. Thank goodness The Animal Inn had room! Paula was wonderful and helped us out a lot by coming in after hours to check in our pups. I wasn't too impressed with the facility, but for it being an older facility it wasn't too bad. One of our dogs had an accident while there and the staff washed the dogs bed so we wouldn't be taking it home gross. Our dogs are mad at my husband and I now for leaving them there but in all, the staff took great care of our babies. Not sure we will use them again unless we are in a bind.
