5	Lanzhou-style hand-pulled noodles are a wonderful but often hard-to-find Chinese dish, so it was a nice surprise to find this place. We entered with some trepidation, but were relieved to find a chef vigorously pulling and twirling a giant piece of noodle dough in the kitchen (viewable through a glass wall, because it's quite a show!)The restaurant is nicely decorated and comfortable, but the menu is relatively bare-bones. Apparently it gets quite busy around peak hours, though at 4:00 PM we had no trouble finding a seat!We settled down for two bowls of roast beef noodle soup and were treated to an appetizer of seaweed salad that was mind-bogglingly good. The noodle soup was by far the best of its kind I've ever had in North America--the noodles are chewy and fresh, the beef cooked well, and the broth incredibly flavorful without being overly greasy.
4	Finally real Chinese pulled noodles made by a Chinese guy that pulls and stretches a lump of dough right before your eyes.While the menu is small and simple as others have mentioned, I'm happy to see that they've stuck to what they're good at. The last thing Montreal needs is another Asian restaurant offering up General Tao's chicken and Pad Thai. You won't be disappointed with the noodles, which is good since they don't cook anything else. They deliver a nice size portion of noodles with a reasonable amount of meat to top them off. In a surprising treat, you get a small appetizer before your meal arrives, and it's actually really good.The interior is just awkward. I've never seen more than a half dozen patrons at any one time, yet the place is huge. It doesn't look or feel like a small noodle shop, it feels much more like a hotel banquet room. Being in a basement without any windows certainly doesn't help, but at least it's clean. The institutional atmosphere isn't the type of place to bring a date, but for a quick lunch or dinner it's a great alternative to the countless Pho restaurants lining the street.
5	The sex encompassed in these magical strands and hand pulled flour noodle is completely of the charts and is encroaching on the Bradley Cooper scale. As a straight male... these noodles almost got me pregnant... or vice versa. Yo, you can't fight it, you just have to go with it.
4	Nudo has a kiosk in the food court at the Eaton Centre and that's the one I and my colleagues always go to for lunch. Once a week, at least. My favorite is noodles with chicken in sesame (peanut butter) sauce. Their fresh handmade noodles are chewy in the right degree and goes wonderfully well with the said delicious creamy sesame sauce, bok choy and chicken. It is simply a bowl of down-to-earth goodness and without a doubt the best food court fare ever. I'm also tempted to say that these are the best Chinese noodles in town. Service is friendly and as quick as it gets remembering that they shape their noodles upon your placing an order. Looks like Thai Express finally has a serious competitor in the Eaton Centre food court!
5	Honestly better than many of the hand pulled noodle places I've tried in my hometown, NYC (i.e. Lam Zhou, Lao Bei Fang, Xi'an, Super Taste, etc...). And I really like all those places.They even have a kiosk in Eaton Centre's food court where they pull the noodles right in front of you, which was also better than some of the well-reviewed hand pulled noodle places in Manhattan's Chinatown. Why don't we have something like this in our food courts?!I'm always on the hunt for delicious noodle soups, and this is a must try if you're in Montreal!
4	I trust Chris B on these types of things, so his glowing review plus Jason L's description of these 'sexy magical strands' had me aching to try Nudo. We hit it up on January First (I love you for being open right off the bat) and were gleefully not disappointed. The noodles are in fact pulled fresh before your eyes and are soft, plump, perfect, and the broth on my beef flank noodle soup was swoon-worthy. Lots of perfectly mouth-watering beef, crisp lovely veg and a quantity so pleasingly hearty I have noodle soup calling my name from the fridge as we speak. My dinner dates were all delighted as well, including the vegan who was able to swap the chicken broth for all veg (though her soup could have had more veg in it, actually. Load up our animal-loving friends when you can restauranteurs, they are hungry!) We tried 7 different salads, each at about $1.50 a pop, and they were all tasty - the cucumber, radish and potato salads were the table favourites. All this good eating, plus a beer, and we walked out each paying under $20 including tax and tip. Super homerun win of a way to ring in 2013.
4	Update: they swapped our leftovers. Handed it to us saying what they were, and they were wrong. No biggie for me because full disclosure, I ate the vegan's soup, and I liked it. Probably less fun for her though. Not removing a star because this in no way detracts from the joy and wonder of the food. Just a heads up to double check your cartons.
4	Noodles made in front of you, lots of delicious options off of the lunch or regular menu.  Good food, good prices.  Hard to argue with that!
4	The BBQ lamb soup was great :D
2	Very good noodles no doubt, although, nothing better than average. So I disagree with my yelp comrades;there's a bit of star inflation here.. It really a 3 star but I have to take away a star for the  "we don't give a fuck attitude of the waitstaff" and, -ready for this- gross out alert !In plain view of everyone  I saw our waitress coughing up a luggie and spitting it in the trash can behind the counter ...not sure we'll be finishing the leftovers she packed for us.
3	3.5 StarHand Pulled Noodle! Making fresh right in front of me!I know it is kind of a novelty, but it is always fun to watch and I wish I can learn to pull some too, as it looks like a good exercise to tune the upper body....After doing a search using Yelp App, we ended up at Nudo for some noodle before heading out for some drinks. From the outside Nudo looks dark and sketchy, but the deco inside is simple but pleasant. Love the TV showing Chinese RETRO movies back in 1980s, some silly simple comedy.We shared the Braised Beef Noodle Soup and Marinated Cucumber. The noodle does have a good bite and the portion is decent, enough to fill me up as a meal. Nudo's may not be the best hand pulled noodle I had, but definitely a great option next time when I am in town and have craving for some decent Chinese food!
4	Finally, our own little pulled noddled shop.Funky decor, simple menu, cheap, what more do you want? and good too!!!As you enter you see the noddle chef pulling noodles on your right behind a glass window, it's cool to watch.The noodle texture is good, it's not tough but it's not soggy, and while it soaks for ten or so minutes in the broth during the time you eat it, the texture remains constant until the last bite. The reason for this is because they coat the noodles with oil when they begin pulling, and finish it off with flour once it's down to size. The oil content in the noddles make it absorb less broth hence it doesn't get so soggy at the end. The trade off is as you're eating that oil taste really builds up and you feel like you've had enough even without really being full. it's something to consider if you want to order a dry bowl with broth on the side.The dumplings here a top notch too, again the oily excess can be felt at the end, but the taste and texture was very good. I would recommend coming here with a friend, that way you can order an appetizer and share the fat. Good chinese food is always a bit fatty what can you do, but don't overdo it cuz a full belly on fatty chinese food is not a good feeling :)The one thing they should offer is for us to choose the size of the noodles, that would be nice, thick , medium or thin. I'll ask them next time see if they would do it...
5	Wow! Finally authentic hand pulled noodles that makes your mouth water.Today I had a craving for noodles and then decided to go have lunch at Nudo. Right at the entrance you are instantly faced with an open kitchen and can see behind the glass panels, a couple of master noodle makers busy at their task, preparing one bowl of goodness at the time - fascinating. The setting of this restaurant is extremely simple but the output is a bowl which perfectly balances noodles, vegetables and BBQ Pork. I ordered mine "dry", meaning the broth is served on the side. If you are a fan of spices... do add some of the red pepper flakes infused oil - this truly adds to the flavor of the noodles.Must come back and try the braised beef noodle and some of the sides. I've been told that the pork ear in spicy sauce, shredded potatoes, and scallion pancakes are a must try. Maybe I'll be able to meet the owner, Mr. Ye who opened this location barely 9 months ago - what a hit!
4	The restaurant is in the basement level which can be somewhat off-putting but don't be deterred.   Once downstairs you'll see a plexi-glass window and behind it an individual make noodles by repeatedly stretching the dough.  Not being of oriental descent this was new to me.The end result is a great bowl of noodle for a really good price, $8-$9.  I had the dry noodles with beef shank.  The shank was melt in your mouth.  One thing about the beef shank though is it contains cartilage which I wasn't really that fond of.  When I'm back in Montreal we'll definitely come here again but I'll probably play it safe and have have chicken.  My GF had the soup version which she really liked indicated the broth was very tasty. This is a cash only operation.   All and all a nice experience.
5	These are the best noodles I have ever had outside of Asia. There is nothing in California that comes close to Nudo. The noodles are so "QQ" and the beef noodle soup is fragrant and delicious. I also have not had such good beef noodle soup outside of Taiwan. Delicious - I want to go back to Montreal just to eat another bowl!!
5	Be Warned: Highly Addictive & Mesmerizing!! Noodle shop in the bustling Chinatown. Fresh, Hand Pulled & Cut Noodles by Order - Stop in at the window to appreciate the dexterity and art these cooks have. Hands down the BEST noodles experience for me. The noodles were cooked to perfection, falling of the bones meat, minimally dressed, generous portion of vegetables - it was simply divine!! Light, bursting with flavors, refreshing, and decent portions.
5	Lol, wtf. Did Russell Peters name this place or what? Seriously though, amazing amazing noodles, hand-pulled by guys behind a glass wall near the front entrance. They were so firm and elastic, like chewy, delicious rubber bands. I got noodles in a savory broth with braised beef, bok choy and pickled vegetables. The beef was tender and tendon-y, and very flavorful. The spicy soups are not at all spicy, but there is ample hot sauce at the tables. Really, all the components of noodle soup were done well. It's just that everything else paled in comparison to the noodles.If you are ever in Montreal, don't eat just anywhere. You save yo dola until you have eight dola. Then you take yo eight dola and get yo nudo at Nudo. Do the right thing.Oh a final note: they were showing anime with full frontal nudity on all their TVs. It wasn't sexual, but you might prefer take-out if you have small children or something.
4	Five stars for the food and five stars for the value.The restaurant however was very uncomfortable since the AC was not working. I had the soup with homemade noodles with chicken. The cucumber salad and pot stickers were also excellent.
2	I'm not sure if they finished renovating this place. We have spots where they were missing paint, AC not fully working on a hot summer day, and the overall decor looked half assed. But that's not what I really came for. Just a good bowl of fresh noodles in that rich rich broth. What I got was neither. The ordered the #2 which was noodles with beef stew. The noodle lacked any real bite to it, the beef stew was more sliced beef rounds with zero flavor, and the soup tasted like a vegetable broth without any real color. Was quite disappointed especially considering all the other rave reviews of this place. My friends ordered the dry noodles with the meat sauce and said it was banging. I had a bite of theirs and felt like they were just super hungy and trying to make me feel bad for ordering the wrong dish. Either way...I don't think I'll be back.
5	Love, Love, Love this place! Watching the chef pulling fresh Chinese-style ramen will never, ever get old! I've come back twice (in like 2 days apart) because the food was just too good! I ordered the pulled chicken ramen (hot with soup) and also ordered sides like the potato salad and pickled radish and the potato salad was delicious (not to mention totally, completely worth the price). Just writing this review makes me want to go back for more! The insides are a bit bare, so don't expect a luxury decor, but then again, for this place, I really am only in it for the food!
4	I was reading the recommendations here and choose the NUDO for my todays dinner. It's central in chinatown and close to the Montreal Traveller Lodge. The ambient looks typical chinese, big room and just put some chairs and tables in. The TVs showing Karaoke. I ordered S-03 it's the chicken soup. After a short time of waiting, I got the soup and was surprised about the smell and the look. First I tried the soup and felt like in heaven, super delicious, not salty and a rich taste .. like a soup should be. The 2nd try where the noodle. the noddles where "al dente" and smooth together. A dream to hv to noodles and the soup together in the bowl. As starter I ordered the spring rolls, but finally I was too full to finish them.So guys if you come here even you re really hungry, just order the ramen first and maybe later the starter. Really a place to come back and enjoy again
4	I always go there for their hand pulled noodles. I only order the #5, with added spicy oil. So so good!
4	Hello hand-pulled noodles!!! Definitely one of the best ones I've ever had. Think of em as "Al dente" noodles. Firm, Chewy and cooked just right. Tried the spicy beef noodle soup. Delicious broth, crispy veggies, tender beef & awesome noodles. It can't get any better. Also tried the green onion pancake. Its tasty, but they sprinkle soy sauce over it makin it extra salty (at least for me). Order the pancake without the soy sauce.The braised beef (appetizer) is yummy too. Cash only establishment. Food : Fa Kin Su PaService :Friendly / SlowAmbiance : Casual / CleanWorth the price : Yes
1	We were yelled at by a waitress... All of our food was cold, greasy, and unappetizing. As our horrible waitress poured my water she spilt it all over me, and didn't even apologize. When we didn't leave a tip, the waitress literally SCREAMED AT ME AND MY GIRLFRIEND UNTIL WE LEFT! Right in front of all the other guests. Never ever eat here. It should also be noted that the good is prepared in an Extreamly dirty kitchen, so I'm considering contacting health inspectors. Have I made it clear that nobody should set foot in NUDO
5	Who are these Yelpers leaving super low ratings.... because I don't think they're authentic, but who am I to judge?Anyway, this is an EXCELLENT restaurant. I don't know if it's just because I went in on a good day (lunch hour, weekday), or what, but the food was superb.I took the Jarret de boeuf (braised beef shank) noodle soup, and the beef was tender, a bit tendon-y and totally soft and delicious, the noodles were made right in front of my eyes and cooked to perfection, and I absolutely loved the sour addition of the pickled cabbage thrown on top. The soup is not at all bland, but then again if you are someone to loves to eat salty things, particularly processed food, I can see how you might miss the subtle flavour of the broth.I don't eat packaged stuff, and I don't add a lot of salt to my food, so the broth was perfectly seasoned and delicious. TOP MARKS. I am coming back here at least once a week. Maybe twice. At around $10 for the bowl of soup, it was totally worth every penny.  I could have eaten two.My only gripe is that it has stairs going down. How am I supposed to get down there with a stroller?The service was also great. The waitresses and the guys in the kitchen (it's an open kitchen so you can see them cook and pull the noodles), are very sweet and kind.
4	Delicious noodles hand pulled to order!  We had fun watching them pull & cook the noodles.  Beef stew was not as tender as I'm used to and the broth very mild but still tasty. 3 stars for that.Braised pork was fall apart tender and delicious and it made the broth more savory as well.  Pulled chicken was tender and moist.   I couldn't finish my bowl as much as I wanted to try! My partner didn't either, but he ordered extra noodles. Service was good & place is clean. Not fancy but we don't mind.  Wish it wasn't cash only, but hey it's Chinatown. Thankful for the walk home to clear a bit of my food coma.  Looking forward to another visit soon.
5	Nudo is one of my go-to cheap eats spot in Chinatown. The price is under $10 for one bowl of noodles. Of course it's a typical Chinatown restaurant and you can't expect fancy decor or presentation. But the food is well worth the money!They specializes in pulled noodle made by pulling the dough many times into thin noodles.I love their noodle because the soup is so flavourful, and the noodles are just the right amount of chewy. The marinated vegetable on top of the noodles also adds to the overall deliciousness.My typical order is a small dish of edamame to start. Then the usual braised beef noodle soup. Yum!
5	Try it. Best noodles in Chinatown.
4	Great food. Great price. Chinese food with a new dimension. Fast service as well.  Recommended starters : beef tripe and braised beef shank and for the rest, follow your rhythm and taste bud I guess.I went for dry noodles with braised shank. God they make it good and the meat is tender. It literally melts inside your mouth. Bad: The place is pretty humid and the air cooler was not working.
4	Very yummy beef noodle soup.  Broth is light   and flavorful.  Hand pull noodle has good texture.  Braised beef side served cold is very delicious.  Pig ears are good, but a bit too spicy for my taste.
1	To be honest, we were very happy with the food at first. The dry noodles were very tasty and it was great to see the chef make the noodles from scratch. But unfortunately, our experience ended on a horrible note or lets just say rat noise running above our heads. As I know it may be common to have rats in Chinatown, hearing them so close and seeing the ceiling moving did cut my appetite for probably a few days.
4	Really good noodle! As a matter of fact, they better than the one that we have in Philadelphia, PA.Plus, their side dishes/appetizers are super cheap. spicy pork ear was only CAD$2.75 and it was GOOD!The noodles are made fresh to order, hand pulled and cooked al dente.It's located in the basement and somewhat questionable. However, it is super delicious. I highly recommend this place when you are in Montreal. Don't mind the other yelpers mentioned about rats. Big cities around the world have the same problem, even NYC. I did not encounter such experience, however if I did, I would've just think of it as an "authentic chinatown" experience-since the food was so good...who CARES!
5	Authentic and really good price. Definitely try S-01 on the menu!
4	I'm definitely with the hype. The braised beef noodles with spicy oil added,  side of spicy tripe,  and pork dumplings. By far one of the best meals I've had this month.  There's plenty if Asian food to be had where I'm from,  but this was definitely one of the best.  EVER.They hand pull the noodles in front of you (I ordered takeout).My friend and I somehow missed the metro stop and trekked miserably for 25 minutes in blistering cold. We nearly froze to death,  but our food remained hot.  We didn't even microwave it when we got home.  Minus one star because one of the girls apparently hated her life and didn't want to be there.  2 noodle dishes,  side of spicy tripe, 12 piece pork dumplings =CAN$32.??
4	Dense, chewy noodles hand-pulled right in front of you as you walk in, and they aren't stingy on the portions either! Had the pulled chicken in broth with an enormous helping of noodles, baby bok choy, pickled veg, green onions and napa; broth was aromatic and tasted delicious, especially with a dash of hot oil. Beef shank was also delicious and the broth had a nice anise aroma to it.Bubble tea was standard powdered fare and there's not much atmosphere (TVs, card tables, spotted a mouse) but who cares when the food is this good and this cheap and runs late at night...
4	The fresh noodles are magnificent. An exceptional value, you should spring for the extra noodles if you're feeling hungry. I'm only in town for the week, but I'll likely be back! (Don't go for the decor, or the drinks, there aren't any, but definitely go for the noodles.)
