3	Since this Fresh & Easy is about five minutes from where I live, I figured it was high time I ventured inside to see what the hype was all about.  The first thing I notice were their selection of flowers. Very nice.  Very inexpensive. Definitely a place I'll come when an occasion calls for flowers. Then I saw the fruits and vegetables section. Weird. I felt odd selecting packaged fruits and veggies, without having the opportunity to pick and choose them individually.  I got a basket of plums, which were priced considerably low -- yeah! -- but was fearful I'd get a few bad ones, so I did a quick look-over and touched some of them to make sure they were all "fresh." The prepared food section had a nice selection of entrees and seemed to be a pretty popular area of the store -- everyone was hording around the area probably trying to pick tomorrow's lunch. The rest of the store was nothing spectacular. I couldn't quite determine if the prices were that much cheaper than your regular, large supermarkets. They did have some good deals -- a loaf of wheat bread for 99 cents -- and some items that supermarkets don't tend to carry like wheat tortillas. What I did enjoy a lot was the checkout process, where you scanned your items and someone helps you bag them, the decent wine selection, and the non-crowded isles.  I may not make this my major food shopping destination, but for a few items to tide me over, it will most certain do just fine.
5	I missed so many things about Phoenix while I was on my internship in Florida.... Family. Friends. Fresh & Easy (the whole 'F' thing is pure coincidence.)This is the closest Fresh & Easy to my new home and I love it just like all the others I have encountered. My favorite section of the store (besides the clearance corners) is the area of semi-prepared food, portioned for 1 or 2, and are mix-and-match. They are perfect for me and my lack of cooking skills, tasty and so easy. Plus, they are almost always having a demo (samples!)The Fresh & Easy brand is quite nice too; I am currently enjoying their own cranberry almond crunch cereal and there were many more to choose from. Gelato is a must try as well. As if variety, flavor, and quality aren't enough, but Fresh & Easy is super affordable too! $.99 loaf of wheat bread, milk is 2 gallons for $4, you really can't beat that! Finally, there is rarely a line at the self-checkout stands which is so nice when you just want to get in and out quickly or are just picking up a thing or two for dinner, but there is always an attendant nearby in case you have any questions. So, suffice to say I will be visiting this market often, see you there neighbors!
4	I love F&E. LOVE IT. Especially the clearance section, holy cow. You can get some screaming deals here, but SSSSSH!!! don't go around telling all your friends, they might get rid of it! I've already told you too much already!Anyway, there's lots to like here. Their sushi is just OK. They have rosemary ciabatta rolls which are insanely good when heated up. Sometimes I see their burritos on clearance but I won't buy them, by the time they arrive on the clearance rack the tortilla has gotten all gummy and it's kind of hard to eat the darn thing with your hands, it wants to fall apart. Mango lemonade is awesome. The pizzas are awesome. Had some pork chops I bought there last night which were  very, very good. In fact F&E is kinda like how you'd imagine Trader Joe's would be if they sold more ready-to-eat food (or, nearly-ready-to-eat food) and meats.I'm a huge bargain hunter so I tend to gravitate towards the clearance section. (I found out they call us folks, 'vultures'!) However, even their normal prices are quite reasonable, which means the clearance items are screaming deals. The coupons make it an even better deal, though you gotta remember to bring them with you; they don't have them in the store which makes sense to me. They gotta make money too, folks, if you want them to stick around.Phoenix is a very VERY competitive grocery market and it's good to see that F&E is not only sticking around, it's expanding. I wish they would open one across the street from my Bashas', which has no competition for 2 miles around. If they opened up there, I am confident Bashas' would close that store within a year. That's how superior F&E is.
5	I am a HUGE Fresh & Easy fan. I LOVE LOVE LOVE it. At first I was a little weary and creeped out by the fluorescent lighting, drugstore feel...but once I saw the ridiculously affordable prices and awesome F&E brand products, I was in love. Here I can buy double what I would at Safeway, Fry's, or anywhere else really, for the same price. They also have coupons in their weekly ads, which is awesome. I don't usually buy produce from here (except for tomatoes), because like other reviewers have mentioned I like to pick and choose my items.I don't usually purchase and of their ready-made meals, but I love just about everything else. Their frozen stuff, pantry items, breads, cheeses, everything...is great. And SO affordable. I also love the self check-out stands...I've never had to wait in line and for some reason not dealing with a cashier makes the shopping trip so much more enjoyable. I am so glad to be living so close to this F&E..it's a great money and time saver!
3	Okay, so I have a bone to pick with you, Fresh & Easy. You know those coupons you send out in the weekly mailings? Yeah, the ones that are only good for like, four days? Well, I forgot mine the other day while shopping, and decided that I would save the receipt and bring both it and the coupon back with me on the next trip to see if you could help me out. Well, it turns out you "just changed your policy and you only accept coupons same day of purchase". Really? Listen, I don't want to be the crazy coupon lady, but why give a coupon if you won't honor it? Times are tough and your customers would appreciate some understanding. Sure, I forgot it the day of, but it doesn't change the fact that the coupon was valid at the time of purchase. It should have been honored! Especially when Fry's, right across the street, is accepting ALL competitor's coupons right now...even yours! Also, why do you not have a cash drawer for your employees in case something like this happens? For example, silly me being that crazy coupon lady, actually forgot to use my new coupon right after talking to you about my expired one, and embarrassingly had to ask for your help because apparently I only had that one chance to get it right. Instead of laugh it off for being the crazy coupon lady, you glare at me and, obviously annoyed, reach into your tiny front draw, rumble through some office supplies and find me a dollar. But see, my coupon is for $3 and apparently you only had that one...so YOU REACH IN YOUR POCKET AND UNFOLD TWO MORE BILLS FOR ME. Talk about a totally awkward experience; is this your personal money? Or what?Anyway, F&E...get with the coupon thing, k? It's kind of annoying.
4	clean and friendly. What else can you say...I diddd buy some filet mignon that was at a price that made the food even better ;jR\_
4	Fresh and Easy is good because, it is close to our homes and quick to get in and out of.                However ,this one does not have the in house bakery. Which is fine, But they sent out coupons for buy one item get one free from the bakery dept. But, only certain ones have the in house bakery so you can't use it here. Also if you forget your coupon they won't just give it to you and they don't accept manufacturers coupons or checks.  They don't give you $$ off for bringing in your own bags either.
4	Fresh and Easy is pretty awesome. You're in, you're out and they usually have just what you need. Not too mention the CONSISTENTLY good pricing on meat, milk, and bread.They have great coupons that come through the mail or in the paper. They're clean and friendly. Now this particular location doesn't seem to be as friendly as the one out in Tempe. Usually at Tempe, the workers are ALWAYS going above and beyond for the customers, including giving you a discount if you forgot or didn't have a coupon. This location is great, but they stepping up the customer service couldn't hurt. :)
