3	This tiny little thrift shop is not the biggest or the best, but it certainly supports a good cause.  I come here to donate my old stuff because it all goes to a good cause.  The ladies who I have met working at the shop are nice as can be and will do anything they can to help.
5	A-ma-zing!!! Ok, so I am a little biased, because I volunteer here, but the reason I volunteer is because it is a great, cheap palce to shop! The store is run primarily by volunteers and all proceeds go to Maricopa County Animal Care and Control's special programs (i.e. spay and neuter programs). I admit that the store is fairly small, but that is so that we can keep our prices low and can remain true to our mission of providing funds for animals at the shelter.Much of the clothes come from My Sister's Closet and are brand name clothes in great shape! I have stoped shopping at other thrift stores, because I am spoiled by the low prices ($2 for shirts, shorts, ties; $3 for pants, sweaters, blazers, dresses). I get so many compliments from my friends and co-workers and I am proud to say that my new Ann Taylor pants or Banana Republic sweater cost me less that $3 and has gone towards a good cause.I highly encourage others to stop by and take a look. Happy shopping!!
5	I love this place. It's a great cause and the stuff is good. I always find something here in the way of household items and women's clothing. Half-price Saturdays are wonderful. They also have low cost pet food items (limited supply)Go early, they close promptly at 4pm and start calling for closing at about 3:30pm-3:45pm.
5	For what this place is.... 5 giant huge amazing stars! ***1. Sales on top of amazing prices.2. Take donations3. Sales benefit Animal Care and Control for the state of Arizona4. The men's section has great work shirts for about $45.  If you like digging around for deals, this is your store6.  If you like digging for a short about of time, this store is small7.  Operated by all volunteers8.  These volunteers are so nice and helpful9.  Clean dressing rooms10.  Found a ball gown for $1011.  Found 2 sport coats for my husband for $5 each12.  Designer shoes were $6 but there was a $4 sale on them13.  Found the sugar bowl to my sugar/cream set that broke years ago, this was priceless to me but I paid $2 for it.14.  Low cost pet food and supplies too!
5	Super cool thrift store. Cool Staff.... good cause... better and cheaper than good will... donate and shop here!
5	Umm this place is awesome. I got a bike basket for 25 cents. 25 cents! Too often these days I run into "thrift" stores that miss the thrifty part, but not this one! It's fun to shop and you may end up finding a truly good deal!
4	This is one of my FAVORITE thrift stores. Actually, it's so good that I've always kept it a secret, for selfish reasons - less customers = more great selection for me! Then, Catholic guilt reared its head (ugh), and I figured, these people deserve to be known as the treasure trove they are. They have amazing prices on quality stuff. The reason I'm only giving them four stars instead of five is because the clothing is not organized by size. S, M, L, XL all mixed in together, so I usually end up not even bothering with the clothing. I go here for the shoes, purses, wallets, jewelry, and housewares.
4	Popped in here today for the first time. Very well organized and great prices. Definitely will be back. Looks like other new shops are opening in the area.
2	Well, I hate to do this. Been coming here for YEARS!!! Prices have been wonderful, shopping was fun. You could get a full on outfit for under 10 bucks, you could get decor for super cheap. Went in today after months of not being there. The store was empty, parking lot not full and when I saw the prices of items I could see why! Whoever is the new manager there increased prices so much it's ridiculous! Items that would be a dollar or two at Goodwill is prices at $8-$10 (I'm sure this will hurt the organization they are trying to support, bummer!)I don't know if I'll be back......unless they get someone in there to price items accordingly.
5	I have been shopping here for nearly 10 years! I love this place. It's always a treat for me to find time to stop  by if I'm looking for something specific, or even if I'm in need of nothing at all! Inevitably, I walk out with an arm full!
