4	I uttered an unenthusiastic" yayyyy" at the prospect of eating at this vegetarian bistro when a friend suggested it! Mmmm vegetables...I was just acting up though, because I know vegetarian food is just as delicious as any other and the food was really good! As well as vegetarian food, there's the further option of having vegan food if you're REALLY into self depravation :DI had a medium meal of three salads, and I'm a big fan of the spicy bean paste. I chose it because it looks exactly like Nigerian stewed beans, so my brain immediately felt it would be good. The potato salad and and brown rice are also a good bet, and the desserts are absolutely delicious. I had a fruit gateaux with soya cream (I decided I might as well go all the way) but was equally tempted by the banoffee pie which my friend raved over.Regarding the atmosphere, it's definitely a place I could see myself whiling away the hours in. The decor is modern, but friendly and they're pictures of supposed famous people all round the walls. Or as someone noted they're "all middle-aged white men" so hardly a Hollywood Walk of Fame feel here.
5	Henderson's have a bad-ass reputation amongst vegetarians in Edinburgh: i.e. it's delicious, but also a bit above our budget. It's kind of located on the Black Bo's price scale as opposed, say, David Bann's. I must admit, Henderson's Bistro was incredibly successful at getting me to eat mushrooms (I normally hate the fungi), but when I ate them there, it was absolutely delicious. Kudos to them on that front. But, if you're a veggie, and even if you're not a veggie, this place is somewhere you really can't miss out on. So don't.
4	Thoroughly enjoyed my serving of vegetable soup with side-order of spicy bean hummus and bread and my companion praised the chocolate & almond cake. Prices are keen and the atmosphere is very relaxed and conducive to friendly conversation with the pleasant staff.
4	Finally! Made it to Hendersons - so long walking past... hello new food sensations! Well, as much as I can whilst indulging in a quite restrictive diet. Nonetheless, I tucked into a dressing-free greek salad (with feta... couldn't help myself), with a portion of baba ghanoush and Henderson's own oatcakes on the side. So the salad - good. The baba ghanoush... a little lacking in taste and in seasonings. The oatcakes knocked my socks off. I never expected an oat cake to do that to my socks. My friend enjoyed a rather generous looking Mexican wrap. Can't wait to try out some more when I break free from dietary restrictions.
3	In Edinburgh for work and found out that the city has quite a few vegetarian places, so advised by Yelpers I decided for this place for a quick snack.There is nothing quick about this place. The services is slow, however friendly, and the food takes ages to arrive.My partner went for the Mexican roll, which was OK - a bit on the boring side. The salad, however, was gorgeously tasty and crisp.Risotto with mushroom was my pick after going through the menu for vegetarian/vegan food without gluten - it is amazing in itself that they could offer anything. It was OK, the mushrooms were great, but - not to pad my own back - my own risotto is better. Also, I found hair in my risotto, not that delicious. The waiters were really quick and nice to compensate for it, so no harms done.The star of the day was the side butter squash salad. OMG! it was REALLY good - the best thing on the menu for me and probably the best butter squash dish i've ever tasted! If I had known better I would have ordered it for main. Yum!
4	Visited this little gem a few weekends ago and it was just lovely. Vintage books, bits and bobs on shelves, fresh flowers on the tables, 60s music playing in the background. Excellent setting for lunch and a catch up with family and friends. The staff were all really nice too.I opted for the vegetarian lasagne with garlic focaccia. The lasagne was perfect. Layers of light cheese, thin lasagne sheets and assorted veg. Huge portion of salad too which tasted super fresh. Had a little bite of my boyfriend's frittata too... Devine! The focaccia was a little bit soft, would have preferred this more firm and crispy but I'll let them off with that since the lasagne was so damn good. The rest of our table opted for burgers which came with a side of nachos and there were no complaints. Had some organic gin too, very nice. The vintage jug of water for our table with matching glasses was a nice touch.
4	While honeymooning in Edinburgh, our first day saw us looking for a vegetarian option as we both wanted to try something a bit new. We ordered separate dishes to sample one another's food; I had the carrot soup and my husband had the spicy tomato, then aubergine and quiche respectively. I had absolutely no issues with this restaurant and the staff were super friendly, the atmosphere was great (so much bigger on the inside than it appears outside), even the toilets were well-maintained and tidy. No complaints! The prices were even reasonable though most of Edinburgh is generally expensive, we had quite hefty portions and the food wasn't too salty either. Definitely would recommend this place and next time we're in Edinburgh we plan on stopping in again.
5	This is a relaxed vegetarian bistro with great salads, interesting main dishes, and meat-less burgers.  It has a wonderful vibe.  We slipped in later on a Friday evening and got a table for two. They have a great selection of organic and vegan wines by the glass or bottle.  Those with dietary restrictions will find the menu clearly labeled and they will prepare many dishes without gluten or dairy.  They also try to source as much local and organic products as possible.  Everything we had was super fresh.
4	I tend to seek out the vegetarian restaurants whenever I travel as I want to avoid meat (unless it's organic or free range) and I can't eat gluten. The only issue is I can't eat onion either and many vegetarian restaurants usually pile their dishes full of onion. At Henderson's Bistro this didn't seem to be a problem at all. I ordered the nachos which were gluten free, then just omitted the salsa and instead had a delicious bean salsa. It was delicious! Plenty of cheese, sour cream, guac and nacho chips. The freshly squeezed orange juice was really nice and we had a chocolate nut cake for dessert which was nice though it was quite heavy. The service was good and the bistro was obviously quite popular as it filled up around us. The menu is small but has a good range of options for everyone. I'd certainly eat there again.
