5	This is the only place I take clothes for alterations. Even though I live in DC, whenever I'm visiting family in Charlotte, I bring my clothes here. I haven't had a bad experience yet; they always listen to what you want and are flexible about when they can get the altered clothes back to you.
4	Just like a good man, a good tailor is hard to find. But, I've heard such good things about Anna's Alterations that I just had to bring in a need-to-be-altered item and see what they were all about. Right off of Park Rd, Anna's is a spacious, airy shop with sky blue walls and tons of dressing & alterations areas. When I walked in with my way too long dress in hand, they promptly greeted me and asked me if I needed to try the dress on. Indeed I did and I hopped into a dressing room. 15 minutes later after expert pinning and a bit of friendly discussion regarding the length I was looking for, I was out the door with a claim ticket in hand. The dress I brought in needed to be taken up about 6 inches and the bottom band needed to be shortened and reattached. It would be ready in 5 days and when I asked the cost, they checked in the back (with the tailors, I assume) and replied it would be around $16. Fast forward 5 days and the dress fits perfectly. Elation aside, $16 for that perfectly done alteration is a great deal. And since Anna's is so conveniently located next to J Major's Bridal and some great consignment stores (Monarch, JT Posh) it's the perfect stop to get all of your clothes fitting just right.
4	Yay for people who can fix my clothes! Anna's Alterations is a great place to bring your stuff for the tuck in here, let out there...My husband's pants where approximately $10 for the fix, my suit jacket was $44. Yes, it was significantly more, but due to the special construction, more work was required. Got it back looking the exact same, but they made it to fit perfectly. The turn around time can't be beat either! It was ready within a few days or a week, but knowing me, I take a few weeks to get around to picking it up. They also have a 2 week policy. If you pick it up without trying it on, you have 2 weeks to bring it back to make another change.
4	There's no doubt that Anna's does great alternations work. I daresay the best in Charlotte. In fact, J Major's next door brings Anna in herself to make wedding dresses fit like a glove.The business is organized, clean and dependable. Prices are pretty standard. At times, I've gotten some real attitude with service though. Otherwise, they would get five stars from me!
4	I'm not the best at having clothes altered. It's just something that I don't think to do. I usually just end up taking the items to Goodwill and buying new. But I recently found myself with a grand total of ZERO pants fitting me anymore - all were too big. Not a bad problem to have, right? But also a pain as I didn't want to go and find all new pants. So in doing some research with friends and on Yelp, I found that Anna's Alterations was the way to go.I stopped in on a Friday afternoon and the place was fairly busy; that said, I didn't have to wait at all. I took my five pairs of pants into the dressing room, put each on and then went out to the main room where they proceeded to pin them to my (new) size. Total time spent in-store was 15 minutes.Located on Park Road, the space was clean, the employees efficient and helpful, and the prices were much better than I thought they would be. $61.00 to have five pairs of pants altered was very reasonable. Anna's has convinced me that I don't have to buy all new clothes; altering is a much more affordable option. I will be back in short order with more items that can be salvaged instead of donated.
4	So Anna's has been around Charlotte for a long time, first over on East Boulevard where Sloan and a few other boutiques called home (great placement there).  Now they have a much bigger space just off Park Road, and next to a major bridal store (great placement x2).  They simply have a great reputation for competent and speedy work and my experiences are happily consistent.As a guy who wears a full suit 5 days a week, a good tailor is a necessity.  The ladies out front at Anna's may not have perfect English at all times, but they have the skills when it comes to tailoring a suit.  Pants hemmed to perfect specification with cuffs, no problem.  Waist taken in, spot on.  Jacket pulled in, we do that. Jacket cuffs taken in, got you there too.  You just slide into a dressing room and then walk out and take the box stand for a quick measurement and marking.  Minus a star for the mirror and box being right in the middle of the store and facing the parking lot.  Modesty takes a back seat here.  Luckily, I think the ladies taking the measurements have seen it all and take it in stride.  If only the other customers did so as well.Turn around time is also fantastic.  I recently had 3 suits altered within 3 days.  I thought that was insane- especially if you have ever tried in-store alterations.  Prices are all well within line for usual services- hems to pants $10.  Waist tucks $10.  Special requests and services are more expensive, though, so just consider what it is you are asking for.  Overall, great place for professional and speedy tailoring work, this Charlotte long-timer has earned it's place in my go-to book.
5	Anna's is fantastic, and pretty much can alter anything you bring in.I have brought multiple pants there (dressy and jeans) and have never had an issue with the final result.  I have also had a few dresses and skirts done as well.  On top of that I brought my wedding dress in to be fitted. I bought my dress as a sample so it needed multiple alterations, as well things I wanted changed (taking off some beading) and they also did the bustle- which was difficult on the dress I had.I couldn't have been happier with everything they did! Although with specific employees some of the things I was saying was 'lost in translation' but usually one of the younger girls was around to clarify what I was wanting.I will always bring my items to Anna's
5	I recently purchased a Burberry dress that was too small at the waist band.  I visited almost every alternation shop in the Pineville-Charlotte vicinity only to find out that everyone turned me down to say the dress could not be altered. Someone suggested trying Anna's and boy was I happy to find this place.  They didn't think twice when I brought the dress in and questioned if they could take on the challenge.  Not only did they perfectly alter my dress, the costs for the alteration was amazing low.  I now have a new alterations shop going forward.  I wouldn't go anyplace else.  Annas is the best alterations business Charlotte has to offer!!!!!!
1	Boy they suck!They butchered three shirts from Hong Kong.  I had told them to remove the plackets before they took them up. NOPE!  They just chopped away!  And then all of a sudden their ability to speak English dissapeared! I WILL NEVER GO BACK!!!!!!!!!!!ddc
4	I had a very positive experience here. I brought in a destination wedding gown and it was altered to my satisfaction in 6 days. Who does that? I received an additional 10 percent off because they have a deal with Bella Bridesmaid in South End. Bottom line, total came to about $45.
1	I used to like Anna's but the last time I went there, they did an absolutely awful job.  2 pair of yoga pants had one pant leg longer than the other and they shortened my sweat pants so short I donated them to Goodwill.
5	Pants hemmed for $8/pair and turnaround within a couple of days? I am never going back to hemming my own (or tripping over too-long pants)!
5	It is hard to find a good alteration place.  But after being referred here years ago, I have been a regular customer since. The service is always great, prices are reasonable and they have a great turnaround time.
5	I recently had some summer dresses taken in at Anna's and the alterations were perfect! I had several things done to them and am so happy with the fit. I originally marked up the hem myself but they told me that they couldn't guarantee that the length would be perfect if they don't pin it themselves so I thought why not. I had Eva help me and she was really well versed and knowledgable about garment construction! We talked a bit and she even attended fashion design college in the UK! She was so sweet and the other girls too. They gave me great suggestions on my dresses and we took up some of the length on my straps too which was nice since I don't like low necklines. I'm really glad I spent the time to have them pin the dress on me! So guys really, my advice to you would be to take some time out and have them pin it on for you! You won't regret it!
4	I've previously been a customer of Anna's Alterations in University City, but as I don't need go to that part of town anymore it was time I tried the location closer to home. I'd ordered some clothes online and while the paints were the correct inseam they sold all their paints the same length. So in I walked with 4 pairs of paints, a shirt, and the pair of shoes I intended to wear with them all. One of the clerks showed me to the small stable of dressing rooms they have and I got changed. We talked about how much break to have to the jeans and the seamtress, rolled and pinned my paints accordingly. As all the pants were the same length I expected to try one pair and they would mark them all the same. Such was their attention to detail that they had me try on each pair of jeans and slacks (even the ones that were the same style from teh same manufacturer in different colors) so that they were all properly marked to be hemmed. Having the shirt tailored was easy exprience, just pull it on, stand in front of the mirrors and ask the seamtress to take in the shape so the shirt fit  more V shaped. The only reason I hold back a star is their no display of prices for services. I walked in with my clothes, said what I needed done, and once all the adjustments were marked, was handed a ticket to come back in a week (it was mid June & they were busy). When I came back with a claim ticket they just told me how much to pay, so I have no idea what I paid for each service or how that compares to others.
5	I've been going here for about a year. I'm tiny and I have to have pretty much everything altered in some way. This place is absolutely the best in Charlotte. The girls are all very sweet and they know what they're doing. The prices are reasonable and especially on rush orders! I can't sing their praises enough.. They're the best!
3	Over my first year of living in Charlotte, I've had many clothes altered. I typically have to alter any work or nice clothing because of my small waist and big booty, so a good tailor is essential. Overall, Anna's has been hit and miss for me. I've had some AMAZING experiences where they tailor what I'm looking for to perfection. Just picked up a dress two weeks ago that looks amazing. That being said, on the same pickup I got a skirt back that they altered way too tight in areas that I didn't want changed and the skirt no longer is flattering. It has become clear to me that some of the women who pin you are significantly better than others. They've been accomodating about fixing things that don't turn out right the first time, but I'd prefer it right on the first go. I still think they're the best option in town, but I would suggest giving pushback during pinning to make sure it's going to be exactly how you want it. Have confidence in the way you want it to look and make sure it looks right pinned before you have it sent back.
5	A rare five stars for Anna's that continues to do superb alterations of all kinds in a timely and super proficient way.Have had to recently re-gear up into business attire and have found that many of my suits and sports coats have shrunken.  It must be the southern humidity, of that I am certain.  But whatever the cause, the alterations had to be done correctly by people experienced in men's clothing.And does Anna have the expertise.  A bevvy of Asian women scurry about measuring, altering and covering the cash register, which is constantly busy.To just be in the building is a show unto itself.  Lots of men and women being fitted.  Have seen the most lovely and striking gowns draped on women to include some wedding dresses.  And nothing phases the sew-girls (term left over from my Korea time).  They all take the time to try the tucks and lengths to make sure that the customers is getting what they want.You will feel like a king or queen while there and throughout the Anna's experience.  And prices are OK, considering the workmanship/womanship that you get.Big or small, simple or complicated, go see Anna.  They have the right stuff.
5	So its go big or go home, and I am going BIG. I was in the market for alterations for my wedding dress, and since I bought it over a year ago and in Texas I was a little conserved about where I should go to get it done. I mean I couldn't take it to say Davids Bridal because I hadn't purchased it there. So that being said I yelped it and I was pointed in this direction. I was expecting to pay big, very big the dress was a size 14 and I am a size 10 so I imagined I would be spending at least $600 (my best friend had spent over $1000 on her alterations) I also needed a bustle and to have it taken in as  I'm super short. Called and made my appointment went in and they got down to business! Two sessions was all it took at probably 20 mins each, they took it in added my bustle AND found a cheaper more cost effective way to hem the dress. I spent $233. I can honestly say it looks better then when I bought it!!
2	I read lots good reviews  so i decide to try first time is just ok .Second time worse When I went to pick up the bras, they had let them all out, instead of taking them in.  So, I obviously requested they be redone, and I had to wait an additional few days.  I have noticed since that they did not sew the areas back up where they had taken out the strap.  Terrible work.  I have also brought in pants to be hemmed.  Mostly, I have had good experiences but one time they only hemmed one leg.  I am going to try to find someone better to do my alterations.the told me one price and  in the day i pick up the price is different
5	I took my wedding dress to Anna's to have a bustle put in about one week before my wedding because I'm a procrastinator. Other places told me it would take 2-4 weeks but Anna's accommodated my timeline and had it done in two days! She also noticed that my dress was a little long on me, which was distressing because it is lace and can't really be hemmed on short notice. The owner took the time to talk to me and suggested adding in another layer of tulle while shortening the inner layers to make it easier to walk in the dress. When I picked up the dress, it was even more beautiful with the fuller flared skirt. She noticed a small tear in the lace over my zipper (which had been caused by a seamstress somewhere else who claimed it already looked like that) and had her most experienced seamstress sew it up for free! I am incredibly happy with the service and personalized attention I received at Anna's and will definitely be going back for future alterations.
