2	A sweet little bar at the corner of a busy Wynn Casino Floor intersection. The bartender was friendly and chatty (he wasn't too busy), and it was easy to get a drink. Nothing in the way of the style you would expect from a casino bar, though. Especially one at the Wynn. At least it's aptly named; it's a bar, not a lounge.
4	I love the Wynn. It's my fave. We were looking for somewhere to go for a quick cocktail. I asked someone to point me somewhere that she thought would suit my demographic, which I described as "upper middle class urban 30s male." I only hung here for a few, and I didn't even drink, but the people-watching was great. The vibe was just right - classy and in the thick of things.
3	I spent a lot of time at this bar for a recent conference I attended.  It was the place to meet clients.  However, the bartenders were hit or miss.  Some were actually downright rude.  At one point, one of them got annoyed with me for ordering a daiquiri.  Seriously?  I'm the customer and you are a bartender.  There is a lot of selection at this bar though and the other plus was that it was open later (if not all night .. i didn't test it) then the other ones in the Wynn - however the service was so spotty, I almost felt bad for going and ordering drinks there.
5	I LOVE the B bar I have spent ALOT of time at this bar and it's always awesome. Infused vodka, get some.
5	I'm giving this bar 5 stars because of "our" bartender Olai (I believe that's the spelling , she told us you pronounce like July without the J).  There was a group of us circling in and out of this bar all day, as this was our meeting spot before a wedding ceremony at the Wynn, and Olai was the best bartender I've ever had.  She made any drink requested, even if they were somewhat annoying, like mojito's with Splenda instead of sugar which she had to go back to the coffee station to get each time I ordered one.  She congratulated the bride and groom numerous times and was still smiling the next morning when we saw her before we left.  The Bar itself is in a great location, close to the guestroom elevators and right in the casino.  It's a bar, not a lounge, but it was a perfect meeting spot and Olai really made a difference.  We'll miss her!
4	When you go to Vegas, you don't expect to pay a lot for alcohol.  But, when you're at the Wynn, you should expect to pay a lot for everything.  And for good reason.I love Wynn.  I haven't had a meal here, but I could see myself booking a table at any of their fine dining restaurants next time we've in town and want to splurge on some good food.  That said, B Bar is similarly as awesome.  We briefly stopped by to grab a drink -- glass of wine and a beer -- and were promptly and friendly served.Beer is $7 here (if I can remember correctly), but wine is all more than $10 a glass.  Well worth it, if you ask me, to get a $15 glass of cab that is out of this world.Definitely recommend if you're playing at the Wynn and need some good wine (and don't want to settle for whatever free red they're throwing around on the casino floor).  We had a good time with our drinks, and we won there, too.... so all around, very happy!
1	Saw this place and it looked good and was not very crowded and took a table and then waited and waited about 15 mins. The bartender only ten feet from my table , never looked my way or said that I needed to come up to the bar since he was the only one working.It is clearly meant to be a place where you are waited on or it appears.I get up there and he seems busy and not friendly , I ask for a beer and glass of water and it points to the case and says which one and I ask could I just have tap water and he frowns.Useless menu, they were out of almost all there prepared sandwichesJust a junk show
