4	I don't shop at any other grocery chain other than Harris Teeter.  Why?  I prefer to shop in a clean environment when I'm buying food products.  And some friendly service is always a plus, too.  Harris Teeter offers all that. This particular Harris Teeter is small compared to other stores at which  I shop, but it has the basics (just not as many varieties of items as bigger stores).  It has that "small local grocery store" feel, and it's convenient in that you can go in and out of there in a hurry for something and not have to mess with the traffic and crowds at the Harris Teeter at SouthPark.
5	This is without a doubt the nicest Harris Teeter I've ever been in.  The produce section is pretty large and the wine selection is huge.  There's always plenty of cashier lanes open to keep the lines down and even when there is a line I don't mind waiting because I was able to find what I was looking for and more.
4	I appreciate convenience...and this Harris Teeter store provides convenient shopping for me every time I stop in. Whenever I've been there has never been a line at the checkout counter. Did they clear the store just for me? But then again, I tend to go after a late night at work and just before they close. Besides the obvious, fully stocked produce and products, they have a redbox (I guess most, if not all, Teeters do). I enjoy my evenings even more when I can get a movie and a snack under 5 minutes...and get a front row parking spot on top of that!
4	Surprisingly larger on the inside than it looks like from the outside, they manage to pack a whole bunch of Teeter into this Harris Teeter.  Produce? Excellent. Frozen? Excellent? Butchery? Excellent. Groceries? Excellent. Shelves are perfectly and neatly stocked.The folks that work here are super nice, just like they are at every Teeter in the Charlotte area.Parking can be tight and I didn't see if they offer the 'bring it to your car' service at this shop.They have a Redbox.
4	Nice little store, friendly associates.
4	I love this Teeter! Not as overwhelming as the Taj M'Teeter.  I generally find a good parking place and they generally have all otheir lanes open with a bagger in each lane.  I appreciate all of those things!  If you shop VIC specials, the Teeter is a good value.  You will shoot your wad if you run in here unprepared, without a list in hand!The management at this store is incredibly gracious.  I brought home some HT Organic Milk that was spoiled.  I returned it and they refunded my money and gave me the name brand equivalent.  My kids love all the samples they have out in the store.  Bonus!
4	I found the perfect hot meal on my way home from work today.  Imagine a very dark, cold night when I've had the sniffles all day.  $4.99 for a cup of steaming hot chicken tortilla soup,some of their special Southpark Chicken Salad....and a nice bottle of vino (always on sale) and I am one happy camper!   This place is always great for a good hot meal on the go!  It can be a little pricey but well worth it when you have no desire or energy to cook! Enjoy.
3	This HT is always missing something u need. Might as well take the extra effort to go to the Taj.
5	Nice newer store with lots of selection.
4	Hours are less flexible at this harris teeter, but i love how convenient this location is. It is truly an express harris teeter. It is never too crowded, very friendly and attentive staff. Has redbox machines at the entrance of the store. Deli section and daily samples. This is definitely not as well stocked as the morrison harris teeter but for it's size, i think this is a great place! It's in a good location and the shopping center it's in has other restaurants so you can do grocery shop after you grab a quick bite or get your alterations done and buy groceries!
4	Nice clean and simple. Just big enough to find the things you need but too big that you have to spend a lot if time sorting through things you don't. Always friendly and clean. I'm a regular.
1	From the north and looking for a good grocery store?  Stop wasting your time.  There is a grocery store where I grew up in NY called Wegmans and it is continuously voted #1 in the country every year, and not by a hair, it's a long shot.  So, I am not holding Harris Teeter to the same standard, but HT is terrible by any standard.  I don't know if it's the lack of food diversity in the south or HT's fault, but I have a difficult time finding many ingredients I need for cooking at home.  The prices here are higher than those of Wegmans in NY...that's right, higher than the #1 food store in the country in one of the most expensive states in the country.  The prepared foods section at HT is awful.  There are no decent hot meals; terrible taste and variety.  The bakery is no good either.  I have bought 4 different pies and returned them all.  Visit a NY bakery and learn what good is.  Deli?  Forget about it!  The standard is far below what it should be here.  I think the corporate QC people of this company need to visit some other high rated grocers around the country to learn where they're lacking.  Food Lion and Bi Lo are crap and pretend to be nothing better.  The annoying part about HT is that they charge out the roof and anyone who has never left Charlotte thinks this is the greatest place on earth.  And one last thing, what the heck is with the check outs?  They're backwards!  You hand your cart to the checkout person, they slowly unload it, the bag dispenser is on the rotating track the groceries are supposed to be on, while you're waiting to pay there is a checkout person 2 feet behind you unloading a cart and bumping into you, and you're left feeling like you just fell into an episode of the twilight zone.  The only thing I dislike about Charlotte (besides terrible drivers) is the lack of quality food and grocers.  I wish a better grocer would merge or buy HT.  Better yet, I wish a better grocer would move to Charlotte and kill HT in market share.  If you follow commercial real estate, you'll notice that HT buys prime locations where competitors make locate, and sits on them.  This is their tactic.  Don't compete in the market on quality, put up barriers to entry.  Scum bags.
2	Smaller version of the real HT! This place had such limited options for products (sizes, varieties) that it's very frustrating.  I went in in night for cookie dough and all they has was the pre portion variety and not the roll of dough more common.  All the sections were smaller (deli, bakery) it was a joke! Also I wanted only a small can of pineapples for using the juice in a recipe and all they had was the huge size (which I didn't need ).  Go in only if you're in a hurry, this is not a good full service store.
5	This small Harris Teeter is right across from my apartment and a great asset in the neighborhood.  Makes it super easy to get something when you are in the middle of cooking and realize you are out of eggs or a spice.  Yes, Harris Teeter is more than WalMart or Food Lion.  Yes, this store is smaller than most (however, there is a full-size HT just up the road at Park Road Shopping Center).  However, the produce and meat are fresh, the service is good, and the location is amazing.  Definitely five stars in my book!
3	Pretty average for the Teet....lol. It's convenient if you live in this area which I do. A little frustrating because they just don't have the selection that the "Taj-ma-Teeter" does.....but if you need milk, bread or eggs then this place is just fine. It's your typical neighborhood grocery store. Nothing more.
