5	As a very health conscious individual (read hypochondriac) Napiers was always going to be a winner for me. Napiers was established in Edinburgh in 1860 and this store on Bristo Place is where it all started. Victorian botanist Duncan Napier was the magician behind these health potions and up until the 1970's Napiers was passed from generation to generation as a family run business. After the death of the last family member in the line of Napiers to carry out this tradition the business closed down and it wasn't until the 1990's that it was revived - thank goodness for that! Many of the old recipes were found so the store is still true to the original.All medicine here is herbal medicine so it's reassuring that everything is natural. I used to take paracetamol whenever I had the slightest ache or pain but after living in Germany for a year I was a bit lost as you can't even buy paracetamol/cough syrup/ibuprofen anything medicinal without a prescription, but they do have an abundance of shops like Napiers and I found many of the natural products actually worked better and even when I went to the doctors I was given natural medicine as a prescription and a list of health foods to eat/foods to avoid. I guess it's a bit more informative than going to the doctors here and just getting crap that knocks you out.Due to the history and this being the original Napiers store, this branch has a great lived in atmosphere, they have little potted plants outside surrounding the doorway and inside it's bright and airy. The staff here are also very knowledgeable so whatever your ailment they will be able to recommend something for you. This branch is a dispensary but also doubles up as a clinic where you can get treatments such as massage, acupuncture etc.
4	I don't have a significant amount of knowledge when it comes to herbal remedies, which is why places like Napiers are excellent for sound information and advice if choosing herbal lotions and potions is treading unknown territory.The first time I came in here I perused about for a while looking a bit lost, before a staff member approached to give me some much needed help. Her comprehensive knowledge on everything was brilliant, and she took tons of time to ask me questions about what I wanted, then recommended options to suit me. There are lots of intriguing looking remedies, creams, blends and tinctures dotted about, and I almost wanted to try a little bit of everything, in a bid to make every element of me herbalised and transformed into natural awesomeness.In the end I went for the gorgeous smelling Starflower cream, which is meant to be really good for your skin. I would absolutely recommend coming here if you want any kind of advice on natural remedies, as the info and assistance I got was thoroughly knowledgeable helpful.
4	I like having a wander around in here, I like to imagine I'm an a potion shop...I suppose that's the Edinburgh/Harry Potter link kicking in here!!The staff really know their stock and have helped me cure a couple of aches and pains with the herbal remedies they have here. This is a definite bonus for someone who is clueless about herbal medicine. I went in because if I can I'd like to be able to treat illnesses naturally if at all possible.They also have a gorgeous range of natural, herbally (that's a technical term by the way!!) cosmetics and toiletries which is a huge pull for me. They aren't cheap but really nice for a treat or for presents.
4	Herbal remedies and me go way back. Ever since I can remember in fact. If I had a cold, my mum would put a few drops of lavendar on my pillow. If I had trouble sleeping, it'd be a few drops of chamomile oil in the bath. And some rose and patchouli just for the heck of it (yes, I wanted to be a flower power 60s kid). And echinacea is my winter-time staple, with ginseng and arnica being regulars of mine too.If you don't have a scooby with what I'm on about, then perhaps Napiers isn't for you. My one irk is when people review something on Yelp outwith its context or usefulness. If you don't believe, or use, complimentary and herbal remedy you may well think Napiers is a bit of hoo-hah and pricey to boot.But if you do see the value, and have reaped the benefits, of herbal remedies in the past then Napiers is like a mecca for all things herbal and healing. You can generally find herbal remedies in most places now, like Boots and even the supermarkets, and the other big brand Holland&Barret.Napiers, however, only really stock their own brand products but they're none the worse for it. They have their own blends of things, so when I went in looking for arnica cream to use on an ITB knee injury (for ligament pain) they suggested a Napiers blend with all sorts of other things AND arnica I hadn't heard of anywhere else. And it really, really worked a treat.The shop assistants are very well versed and helpful, and really listen and suggest things that might work for your ailment. There's also some lovely more indulgent products - body lotions, skin products, especialyl Dr. Hauschka which I adore, and the do some of the really tasty food products by Nakd too. But shhh they're mine! I usually stock up on 20 or so at a time.You're more likely to get a tailored, personal service here than going into a bigger brand shop and buying the generic products. Don't be put off by not recognising brand names (like WellWomen, New Era etc.) and try their own products. Very worth it.This branch is also in a really lovely store, and has a clinic next door which I haven't tried but looks very well equipped.
3	This shop is the place to go if you want to get herbal and all natural remedies. I alway stop in to browse whenever I am in the area. The staff are all very nice and will answer any questions you have. I am not big into the herbal remedies movement but I still like the all natural stuff. This place carries Burts Bees products which I buy especially the chap stick for the winter time. They also carry vitamin C drink packets which I swear by. Feel a cold coming on and start drinking tons of water with the assortment of flavours available and 50% of the time you will beat the cold before it gets full blown. Thats about as far as I take it with herbal remedies even though thats more of a vitamin remedy but close enough. Anyways stop into this shop , browse , and pick up whatever natural goodies you need because this place has been in business for over 100 years, they must be doing something right.
