1	Oh my....big name in town...lots of advertising,,,prie fix menu at $50 per person.  Filet was grissley, kobe hamburger was a 2 star, in fact, I just changed my stars to ONE.  I would never go again...plus the wine was lousy.
3	Our family has been here twice (stayed for about a week each time) and *may* return but it would not be my first choice for a vacation. It's not bad but it's not great either. And certain things are downright frustrating. First, my frustrations:1. What's included and what's not? I challenge anyone to go to their web site and answer that question. In fact, once you buy your package and show up it's not even clear what's included and what's not.2. Way too many rules. Activity A you can just show up to participate. Activity B you must sign up by 10am. Activity C you must sign up night before. Activity D is only for kids over a certain age. Dining room closes at nth hour and if you are hungry too bad. Wait for next meal. Etc. Etc. Come on, simplify it. It's annoying. And for what they charge you expect better service. 3. The dining room and food. Very average food, really poor service, slow and subpar wine list. 4. Pool is tiny, cold and no place to change when you arrive.5. Spa is really just a place to get treatments with no sauna's, workout room, steam room, etc. Again, you expect more from a resort of this type.6. The front desk staff was not that capable. Very nice people but didn't seem to  really know what was going on. Some training would be in order here.What I like:1. Once you conform to their rules and get over the fact you are not at a 5 diamond resort, it's fun. And your kids will likely have a lot of fun if they are age 8+ (under this age there are too many restrictions such as not being able to go on a horse back ride - even if you are experienced and do it at home). 2. Free wireless everywhere. 3. Nature hikes are superb. The guide is amazing. I would return for his services alone. 4. The surrounding country is spectacular in its beauty. 5. Room was nice - bathroom could be updated - but very nice. Caution = make sure you know exactly what you are getting because some rooms are not that big, don't include a fridge or microwave (which you want because of the odd hours of the dining room) and have no patio. 6. Fun horseback rides. 7. Pool table - can be very social setting for adults and kids in the evening. 8. People. The clientele is very nice. Good, friendly and interesting people.
5	An absolutely stunning resort in the middle of the dessert.  Lots of great activities: horseback riding, ATV tour (a MUST), etc, and golf.
4	Stayed here for almost 2 weeks.  Here are my thoughts: -the staff goes out of their way to spoil you.  I am vegan and gluten free and chef Alex made special meals for me every night. - I would steer clear of the AM coffee as it's cold and has barely any caffeine (hoping that the hotel reads this and corrects it).-If you want to walk in the AM, there is really no place but the golf course which is pretty but only available for walks before 8AM.-The gym is THE WORST guy I have been to (that includes Europe where they don't believe in gyms).  Really, how hard is it to get rid of carpet that is 15 years old and pain the blocks white instead of turquoise.  Since the gym was so gross, I didn't check out the spa.  But it's really not a place for ladies I am guessing otherwise, they would have spent the $20K to get decent equipment and make the gym worth visiting especially since there is no place else to go besides the golf course or horeback riding-get a room on the end bc you can hear your neighbors and make sure to get a good view of the desset-overall, I would give it a 6.5 out of 10.  They try really hard, but there is an little undercurrent of summer camp feeling about it
5	My company recently used the Rancho as an incentive trip for our outstanding employee awards. We had 14 people from the company and their guests/spouses attend and without exception everyone thought this was one of the best incentive trips we have ever done. There is truly something for everyone.  Many people golfed, almost everyone rode the horses, we had a team penning contest and a cowboy olympics event for our group that was a huge hit.  The meals were good, rooms were terrific and the staff was friendly. Several people told me that they were going to go back to the rancho with their friends and family in the future. Unfortunately our company does not repeat it's incentive destinations but if we ever decide to repeat...we'll definitely come back to the rancho.
3	The food was very good, and the staff was very nice, but, it felt more like a senior citizen resort. The dining room was strange, no music playing. It lacked charm that you would expect at a ranch. They should have music playing during all of the meals, it doesn't have to be live; just something. No life around after dinner, everyone goes to bed, they have a bar, but it is empty at 9:30 on a Friday and Saturday night. The horseback rides were boring. You can only walk, and they say you can trot but you really only trot for about 50 feet a few times on a two hour ride. I was told they do team penning on either Friday or Saturday and that is why I went here, but they didn't do it. There isn't a hot tub or Jacuzzi either, not even at the spa. If you are 55 or under, I recommend you try someplace else. I do not plan to return, I will try another place next time.
5	What a charming, quiet ranch! Was here for a professional visit, very impressed with the accommodations & privacy. Rooms have mini-fridges, comfortable beds (and crisp down bedding!), walk in closet, and large, bright bathroom. Rooms are decorated in traditional ranch style and the property itself is very homey.
