5	I have used Radiant Maids for a few months and am completely satisfied. The couple are always on time or contact me if they are running late. They clean everything as I Requested! The house always smells clean when I get home.   Their price is an excellent value for the job they do, so I now have weekly service. I love it! You don't realize how valuable your time is until you have your home cleaned.   I have used several services over 20 years and RM's are on the top of my list.  You won't be disappointed!
5	Professional Service, Affordable Price, Best Cleaners in Las Vegas!First off, let me say that Radiant Maids was the only one to call me back right away and was prompt, professional, and responded to the phone conversation with an email confirmation/quote which was re-affirming. I left messages for several companies that NEVER called us back. I will for sure use them from now on.Thank you so much Radiant Maids...
1	Never called me back... Thank u
4	This is a first time appointment for me - so based on this one experience alone... They we're very professional in taking the appointment, even squeezed me in when they had a full week so that was appreciated. The appointment was set 9am -- early for me, and they were right on time. The cleaning itself was good - a quick and light cleaning. Although I prefer a more of a deep cleaning with more detail  that's why I say 4 not 5. All in All good service, they speak english, and I took them as a regular service. The girls were great, very professional, aiming to please and fairly quick. It's not easy to find a good cleaning crew so thumbs up.
5	The maids did a great job overall.  Positives include the fact that the job was described in advance and there was no time allotted or hourly rate.  They worked until it was finished and didn't seem to be in a hurry to rush thru it only to get to the next job.  The point of contact also likes to text which is a big plus for me personally.  Both maids spoke English as well which is another plus.  They also offered me a military discount which is always welcomed.  The only negative which I wasn't inconvenienced by was that they came a half hour late but the work was worth it.  I would recommend to a friend and use again.
5	We just used Radiant Maids to clean before a bunch of guests came to visit.  We ordered the Deep Clean, and they did an amazing job!  Bathrooms are spotless, oven got cleaned, floors immaculate. They were also great about sending text messages to confirm the appointment the day before.One of the main reasons I selected Radiant maids was that they actually answer the phone when you call. I called at least 8 other maid services, and none of them answered.  I was forced to leave messages and not hear back for a couple days. Such a pain. All other cleaning services should learn from the nice people at Radiant Maids.
