4	A Chicago Bear's bar...great for the games.BEAR DOWN, CHICAGO BEARSBear Down, Chicago BearsMake every play, clear the way to victory! Bear Down, Chicago BearsPut up a fight with a might so fearlessly!We'll never forget the way you thrilled the nationWith your T-formationBear Down, Chicago BearsAnd let them know why you're wearing the crown!You're the pride and joy of Illinois,Chicago Bears, Bear Down!!
3	"Cheers" type atmosphere with great bartenders.They probably have the best Buffalo wings and ribs around.Don't miss Rebecca's Sunday morning Bloody Mary's. They're spectacular.
4	New menu that includes a great fish taco (3) meal & a decent taco salad.
4	Sick value!We showed up for ladies night plus happy hour. Well drinks, some wine and all draft beer is $1 for the ladies all night. The men's deal was a little complicated but it was cheap. I ended up having 2 huge beers, she had 5 or 6 drinks and we had nachos + avacado and our total bill was $16.Server was super friendly only down side was they allow smoking but we sat away from the smokers so it was fine.
5	Jack is Back at Tommy Rockers! Jack the bartender, Arron my waitress, and Rebecca the Manager were amazing! I sat in on a Sunday Night in 2007 and Jack remembered me from that night a few years ago. Tommy's a friend of mine as well. I had the Steak and cheese on a bun and it was the best I have had yet. I've got a couple photos of the place posted. The good looking ones aren't Jack! I will definitely make this my stop when I come in to Vegas. It's in my family's neighborhood. It was around 3:00pm on Monday Oct.1st. The place was quiet, but began jumping about a 1/2 hour later. Stop in and check out Tommy Rocker himself playing the open mic most times on Sunday nights at 9pm. Google my name and come see me this month in Los Angeles. All the best is here at Tommy's Southside! I'm John Kaye and I approve this message.
5	Really, really love this bar! I've been here twice now, and definitely plan to go back soon, possibly even tonight! All of the bartenders are super nice, Stretch even took a picture with me! (He's pretty easy to spot, he's the one that's 6'4") Wednesday night and Saturday night is ladies night, $1 well drinks and draft beers and half off appetizers! Seriously how do you beat that? I had spinach dip and 3 beers and paid under $8! The second time I was here was on a Sunday and they were doing open mic night. There were some really talented people performing, and it wasn't so loud that you couldn't talk with the people around you. They have a late night happy hour every night from midnight to 8am I think, $1 off all drinks and 1/2 off appetizers. We tried the nachos (which are huge!), the Ruben and chicken wings. Everything I've eaten here as been really really tasty. I still need to try the pizza, but it looks amazing!
3	As far as bars go...this one is pretty decent. No much to say on the crowd as it's never been busy when I've been there. But for a chill place to kick it, have some drinks and eat some food, it does the trick. Don't go there looking for a date (no stars), but if your in the mood for AWESOME Spinach Artichoke Dip.....5 stars! :)
5	My favorite bar in Henderson by far. Wednesday night is ladies night which means $1 drinks and 50% off appetizers. The woman in your life will thank you for taking her here.The food is awesome and trust me on this... the salt and pepper chicken wings are the best thing on the menu!Even better than the food is Jimbo. He's the funniest damn bartender you'll ever meet and he's got some amazing stories.I love this place. True love.
5	What a great little hidden gem! Jimbo, the bartender, was super sweet and very attentive! I went on a Thursday, but WILL be back on a Wednesday because word around the campfire is there is a GREAT ladies' night deal! I had the Rodeo Burger. DE-LISH! The BBQ sauce was tangy and fresh and the BEER BATTERED FRIES were to DIE for! I am a fan of beer battered anything. Another bonus was the beers on tap. Alaskan amber (my fave) AND Alaskan White. Also Magic Hat!! Which is a little hard to find on the west coast. I highly recommend coming and sitting at the bar on a weeknight when it's nice and quiet. Next time I am trying the fish tacos!
5	Wednesday night is 1/2 priced appetizer night. This means half price chicken wings!!! These are the most delicious wings in town. Try the salt and pepper they are unreal!
5	The most friendly and genuine bartenders. Great fish tacos and Tuesday is taco night for $2.00.
4	Hello again Tommy Rockers....oh, you don't remember me!?We met almost exactly 10 years ago near the Las Vegas strip and you fed me the most amazing hot wings - a one night stand it was. Yeah, of course you wouldn't remember that.With all the WingStops way too far to get to from my area of Henderson, I have been moping around trying to figure out how to get my wing fix and then one day on my way to work, I pass by the small corner Southside Grill and quickly look them up, slightly remembering what amazing wings I had before.  I read in some reviews that they have some amazing sea salt & pepper wings - I knew that i just had to try them.Got on the phone and ordered pick up and requested that they please make them extra crispy w/ a side of hot sauce.  When i came to pick them up, got a nice surprise in finding out that I get a discount because I work at St. Rose! Freakin awesome!!Got home quickly and my first bite, i knew right away that this was going to be my new place for wings. Yes, oh yes - I should've placed 2 orders of these cuz hubby got hooked too and soon the wings were all gone.  These are to be the ones to replace our infamous super extra crispy lemon pepper wings that we normally ordered from WingStop when we lived back in Cali.Thank you Tommy Rockers for making my life just a little more complete!
4	Happy Hour & Late Nights are the way to go. Good pricing on App's and Foxie pours em stiff. Ladies, make sure to ask Foxie for the time on his 'Magic Watch'.Sunday Nights, Musicians from all over come and sit in with Tommy and play until everyone is nice and primed. Always a good time on Sunday Nights.
5	We LOVE this place! Rebecca the manager and Jimbo were there tonight and it was GREAT! We haven't been there for a while, not due to anything with them or the establishment, just life stuff and we finally were able to  return to our favorite bar in the whole Las Vegas valley. Food is great, services is great, friendliness is undeniable. We have missed this place and are glad we are back to our favorite "Cheers" bar.  Rebecca & Jimbo, we've missed you and promise not to disappear anymore.
5	Again, this place exceeds it reputation and surpasses its reviews!!  Rebecca, you made the night worth writing about. Yes, you are the manager, but you managed to go above and beyond your duty. Jimbo was correct in his assessment of you and your staff. Kathy was the perfect mixologist, and I promise I won't ask for a hug prematurely!! Next time, lol. I shall return.
4	I had a rockin' time for my first time here at Tommy Rockers! It's tucked away in a strip mall behind other businesses but I'm glad we noticed it! We stopped in for lunch.  It wasn't too busy at all.   We were greeted by the awesome bartender/waitress as she told us to pick where we wanted to sit.   There is plenty of tables, room at the bar and comfy couches for the games.  She was quick to bring us out our drinks and take our lunch order.   I decided to be a true 'Yelper' and take some pictures around the bar.  It's definitely apparent that this is a Chicago Bears bar with all of the memorabilia on the walls.  I'm not a bears fan but the football decor is awesome! In the back corner there is a small room with a pool table and a foosball table.  Fun!  Before I knew it our food was in front us.   We ordered the chicken nachos and the hot wings.   She suggested the half order of nachos since the full order is huge.  Well....  the half order is also HUGE!  ... and not to mention delicious!   A great blend of toppings and well as crunchy (not soggy like some) chips.  The wing basket also appeased our appetites!  I certainly didn't expect 10 wings with the fries.  Usually the normal amount for bars is around 6.  It was a good thing we were sharing!  They had a great hot sauce that delivered tremendous flavor!  The spiciness didn't take away from the flavor as well.  Awesome.  It was a great experience overall with spectacular service, quick food delivery and good food!
3	Overall decent place to watch a Bears game. If you're not a Bears fan, don't go in when the Bears are playing.  Only complaint, $5 dollar tall beers for the game.  We can drink for $1.75 to $2.50 during football Sunday anywhere else.  The camaraderie of being with like minded individuals is not worth double the beer price.  Nice people, lousy beer prices.
5	We love this place!!!!!  Close to home with some amazing deals. Sean on graveyard is our absolute favorite, but the rest of the crew is really good too. Try the Taco Tuesday special or artichoke and spinach dip.  :)
5	I highly recommend this bar. I've never in years had a bad time here. The bartenders define hospitality to me. I work in the industry so I can sense the real deal. I see Jimbo & Malcolm mostly. They are both equally attentive & engaging. Great beers on tap, generous with shots & gaming comps! Nice to feel at home, even when you don't stop in everyday!
