5	Great customer service! I recently bought a HE washing machine from here. Friendly service and great last minute help. We will be going back here for any other appliance needs.
2	I had a very poor experience with Brothers Main. Went to the store to get information on an entire house worth of appliances, as we're building a new home. The salesperson was very friendly and knowledgeable, and the in-store experience was a good one. From there, it was all downhill. It took a full week to get a quote on the appliances we discussed in the store. Since we are under a bit of a time crunch with the builder, that was not helpful. We called the store four times to request the quote (after waiting 5 days we called, and were told that we would have the quote by the end of the day. It didn't come. We called the next morning, and were told we'd have the quote "within the hour". We called 4 hours later and were again told we'd have it "within the hour". Finally, after the 4th call, we received the quote. To add insult to injury, the quote included a price higher than the Brothers Main website price for the fridge we had picked out.We will be going with another provider for our appliances.
5	I was in search of a new refrigerator, I did a lot or searching online. I found that Brothers Main promises low prices.  I went in one evening to look around and was hoping to settle on something that evening.  The gentleman working the floor was extremely nice, wasn't pushy at all. He was very patient with me (I think I looked over some refrigerators like 20 times!). He was very knowledgeable and if he didn't know something, he looked it up or consulted with another colleague. Once I found the refrigerator that I wanted to purchase, he showed me that they were indeed the lowest price (he brought up other competitor's prices via internet), and he even knocked off additional money to be sure. He discussed that within 30 days if the price became lower somewhere else, they would refund me the difference. I had my refrigerator delivered and the two gentleman who installed it were VERY nice and a pleasure to work with.  My whole experience with Brothers Main was a very positive one. It's always a pleasure to support local businesses, and they do show their appreciation for their customers.  Will definitely be getting future appliances through them.
2	bad experience at the west side location. went there to look at projectors for my man room. had a nice selection but expensive. asked the sales associate if there were other projectors and he kept telling me about the one for 3000 bucks. told me best buy bad garbage (was true). found one online.
5	Had a great experience with Bros. Main. After realizing that Best Buy and Sears don't stock anything locally to replace my washer/dryer, I was happy to find out that we could get our new set the VERY NEXT DAY at Bros. Main East. I was told by our knowledge sales person. Mickey, that it will soon be expanding. Super convenient on Madison's east side!
