4	The first time I stepped foot into Lucy, I felt like a kid in a candy store... Since then, I've been on numerous occasions and spent a fair amount of $$ on athletic apparel, gym bags, socks, gift cards, and more.  The people that work at the store are friendly and the store has a good energy about it.  All of that being said, I am taking off a star because I think the selection at Lucy has gone downhill a bit!Dear Lucy:You used to carry many more name brands including Nike, Splendid, OmGirl, and Reef.  Now it seems that the majority of your products are the lucy line.  That is fine, but I miss the selection and quality of the other lines!  I will say that I am excited to wear the "Lucy power pant" that I recently bought, and that I like the fact that you offer short and tall style pants to choose from.  (Bonus for shorter peeps like me and saves me a trip to Jose your Tailor to get alterations!)  In any case, I do love you Lucy, but I'm hoping you'll bring back some of those other lines... until then, it's only 4 stars!On a serious note, Lucy is a great place to shop for active wear... and their gift cards make great presents!
3	I have browsed this store several times while shopping at Kierland Commons, but didn't purchase anything until I received a gift card for my birthday.  After looking around I realized my best bet would be to try some of their pants, since they came in long sizes (a big plus!) and I could use a new pair for hiking.  Lisa was super helpful, and asked what activities I usually do and what I was looking for in a pant.  She knows her stuff....and she coaches Master's Swimming at The Village at DC Ranch with me, but I'm not biased!  I swear!  She helped me pick out a pair that fit amazing, and at minimum I'll definitely wear them for winter hiking or running errands.  I have yet to determine if they leave a butt crack sweat mark during hard core workouts.  Ha! I'll stop by here if I need some more pants, although they were expensive ($78.00)....hopefully they last.  Most of the other clothing wasn't my style, maybe for older woman or for those just looking for casual active wear rather than workout clothes.
3	OK, full disclosure: I have a lucy addiction. The clothes are comfortable, made for women, and look good on women. I LOVE the lucy store at Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall, and from them found out about this second store up in North Scottsdale. One day while out tooling around I decided to find this one and check it out. This is the newer of the Phoenix-area's two lucy stores. It isn't that easy to find in Kierland, and you better get lucky on the parking. The lucy store at Scottsdale Fashion Square is better, in my opinion. This store's selection doesn't seem to be as big as the one at SFS, and the employees were a bit higher-pressure. lucy is expensive, so you really need to catch a sale. This location is okay, but I'll keep going to the other location.
1	I found Lucy in 2009 and loved them.  Yes, they are expensive but we'll worth it.  The clothes looked good, even after 5 years of use.  They just don't show wear.  I could wear the clothes to work and look nice.  I would wear a top with casual work pants or pants with a work top.  It was great.  My issue is they keep changing.  Over the years the quality has gone down and they don't care.  Also, they have gone to all serious active wear.The last few purchases I have made, the clothes have not even lasted through 3 washings.  The tops are all out of shape and full of pills.  I don't even want to wear them around the house.  I noticed that the manufacturing has moved, the first clothes I purchased were made in USA, then Vietnam, now China.  The prices have not decreased, just the quality.  Even the headbands are lower quality.  I am very disappointed and wish they would go back to what they did best.  Great lasting, great looking casual workout clothes.
