5	The wings are actually hot and the cheese pizza is good and frankly if a place cant make a cheese pizza than it cant make pizza
1	Pizza looked great when It arrived, but after starting to dig in I was sharply disappointed. What looked great on the pan turned out to be a runny mess. The cheese they are using is runny and I don't mean soft and gooey, I mean running off the pizza and of the pan when you separate the pieces. I thought it might firm up as it cooled, but then it turned in to goo and I have to tell you it was a COMPLETE turn off..... GROSS!!!!! I can tell you I will never go back to eat at any Primos. It was the worst pizza I have eaten in years.The service was also awful. No one was really on top us with service and the empty pans and plates were on the table in front of us for so long we actually had to clear our own TABLE!The only good experience of the night was the entertainment of a live band.Stay away if you know what's good for you!
4	A nice, chill pizza parlor I like to watch games in. $2.50 domestic pints at all times isn't too shabby, but it's the food here that I enjoy most. Every time I order something, it's so hot I have to let it cool down. Part of me wonders if even a minute goes by between the pizza leaving the oven, and it arriving at my table. The lunch special is also decent. I can get two big slices of cheese (the crust isn't too thin or too thick--it's just right!), a couple breadsticks, and a drink for $5. When I'm in the area and have an hour to spare, this is my happy place.
3	El primo is pretty decent if you don't want to spend too much.  Pizza came out good and clean.
5	My husband and children go there often.  It is convienient and entertaining.  We enjoy the Tue night sliders!  They are the best in town!  Kids like the sausage pizza.  The service is great and managers always are quick to help out and assure us if there ever is an issue, that it gets resolved.  There is plenty of room to watch ANY sports...several TVs to choose from!  We will refer...actually have referred and our friends love it.!   Thanks
5	Best wings in the world! With so many amateur places out there, claiming to know wings... this one sets the record straight. I've been going there for years, and have compared countess places' wings with Il Primo. Nothing comes close.The pizza is also incredible. Not sure how they do both so well, but I'm just thankful they do!
3	To be fair, I only get pizza from here because it is ordered weekly by the financial office at my school where I present lectures for work study. I have tried the pepperoni, sausage, and cheese. I like that the personalized pizzas have a good crust, remain hot and cheesy with their delivery package, and the crispiness of the pepperoni. The personalized boxes and parmesan/hot pepper packets are a nice touch. They also always come with coupons on the box.  Nothing special, but it will be a long time before I say no to free pizza!
4	Some of the valley's very best wings for 20 plus years. Everything here is pretty good, but when I'm in a Wings mood, I listen to Band on the Run...then I get chicken here. No, really.
4	Honestly, we walked into this place prepared to be disappointed. As far as pizza goes, the place doesn't look promising and I expected grease with cheese on it. You order at the front counter, go get it when they call your name, and eat off of paper plates with plastic utensils. Oh, and listen to 4 big-screen TV's turned up really loud and all set to different channels.We ordered the bacon cheeseburger pizza, wings and a dinner salad. The large dinner salad was a bit small for the $5 price tag, but it was a decent salad. The wings were really good- awesome flavor and just the right amount of heat. The pizza was honestly great. Lots of toppings and a good hearty crust without being all grease and bread (and that's pretty impressive for a pizza with bacon and double cheese).
4	My first experience ordering from them was great! As people have said the wings are fantastic. If you are looking for a place to order pizza from and good wings are a must then I definitely recommend Il Primo. The pizza, although perhaps not quite spectacular, was also good and better than we expected. The delivery time was fair and the delivery guy himself was quite personable. I am sure we will order from them again, because we couldn't get enough of those wings!
4	So tasty...the ranch is yummy! One day I will conquer the pizza challenge!
2	CONS:We used to go here all the time since we live right up the road but had a few bad times with food not being as good as it was. Today the food was ok but the 2 "large" pizzas were the size of a little ceasars pizza no joke, my 12 year old daughters 2 hands covered the entire pizza. When we used to go here this was the medium size. I was directed to look at the wall it showes their box sizes.well 1 a box size doesnt show pizza size so put the pizza round up & 2 i realized they now put different names to the sizes. the extra large is large the large is a medium & medium is their old small.I also ordered a large anti pasta which the girl ordered me a small anti pasta i might have caught this before the end when they gave me the food if she had given me a receipt. She never even apologised for her mistake. Also the 33 minutes i waited for the 2 pizzas & a salad with not a single order ahead of mine were spent watching her pick her nose while on the phone GROSS!!!!!! She then decided to give me a dirty look for seeing her pick her nose i get her being embarrassed about it but no need for dirty looks to customers & she probably should have washed her hands after doing that.PRO:the food tasted fresh & one of the guys offered to fix the girls antpasta salad mistake for free which was nice since it wasnt my mistake to begin with.My family & I have decided to stick with the place weve been going to the past few months called Lucky's pizza on 67th ave & Cactus.
5	I loved this place!  It wasn't loud, the pizza, wings and the breadsticks were fabulous!!  We will be going back this weekend for more!!
3	The pizza was okay.. We ordered a large and there was nothing great about it. The customer service (phone) was great though and for under 9 bucks you kinda can't beat it.
4	great pizza, pretty fast and good quality and freshness.This place is affordable, you have your usual big screens, the breadsticks were fantastic.
3	4.5 stars for food but 1-2 stars for service! Ordered over the phone for take out and the deal was 24.99$ for large one topping pizza and 20 wings. Half pepperoni and other half with an additional two toppings. They charged me for 3 toppings on the whole pizza which only half had an additional 2 toppings, not 3! The guy that checked my order on the phone said ok that's 1.75$ for those two and I said ok. When I got there another guy checked me out who had a total if 33$...I was like no 25$ but $1.75 and tax is not almost 6$ which he replied it's like 11% hers and I told him it's more like 6% to which he argued. They apparently could not figure out how to fix my total bc it was a mistake they charged me for 3 whole pizza toppings instead of two half pizza toppings and a side of wing sauce that they did t include anyways!!!! My pizza and wings had been sitting there for awhile at this point and I had people waiting to eat so I had already wasted about 20 minutes with these guys. When they change their location maybe service will get better and I would consider their food again bc it's really good! As for the service it was sub par!
4	This was the first pizza place we tried when we moved here from Buffalo. (Food is NEVER the same as home.) We expected to be disappointed, but we were pleasantly surprised! The only reason we don't continue to order from here is that I've since had to go gluten free and I haven't seen that option on their menu. The service was always fast and delicious.
5	We ordered our pizza and wings online and used a coupon for $3.00 off the total. I then called and the gentleman noticed I overcharged myself and he fixed it when I arrived to pick up my order-- he saved me $6.00!! The pizza was half Italian, half pepperoni and cheese with sausage and it was really good. They only use the freshest ingredients, and bake it to perfection. The wings are to die for! They are hot and crispy. I ordered mild and with the blue cheese dressing, I couldn't have found a better match. I would highly recommend this pizza restaurant to anyone seeking quality pizza and wings.
2	Our children grew up going to Il primos as a special treat and it was a place we took out-of-town guests to as a "must have." Not any more! The establishment moved locations a few months ago and they are now at 67th ave and bell road. They changed their menu, adding a full restaurant menu and unfortunately traded fantastic pizza for flat screen TV's. Their extra large pizza lost a few inches in size and what was once cheesy and delicious, is now flat and average. The two stars are for their wings. They kept those pretty yummy. Trying to decide whether or not to return. Sad day...
4	Best BBQ wings we've had in a long time!! The White pizza was delicious with fresh tomatoes and the barbecue chicken pizza is tangy and amazing. The only item I wasn't too impressed by was the mini pizza cookie....a little burned and ice cream tasted like the old box kind.
5	a+++ service and great food couldn't complain at all. great staff and good manager. Everytime I come here they are soo nice. The pizza rocks , reminds me of a place back home.
1	I have given this place a try twice. The first time my roomie and I ordered a white pizza we were super excited to get it only to get food poisoning and be hostage to our house for the next 48 hours. So I think fluke incident went back and had a pizza and wings and it was sub par. Not a great place to eat in my opinion just greasy bar food.
