4	Just came back from our one year anniversary with the Mrs in Montreal, and was our first visit to the "new" Queue de Cheval.  I've previously eaten here at least 4 times before on previous MTL visits when it was still the Queue but it has now changed ownership and names as you can see.  The original Queue de Cheval has relocated up the street.This place looks the exact same as the old Queue.  Same beautiful building, decor, and lighting and wine selection.Supposedly they have a new meat purveyor named Pat LaFrieda who has some kind of Food Network TV show..  The meat was fantastic, but it was fantastic when it was Queue de Cheval too, so I'm not sure how much of a difference we noticed but regardless it was top notch.  One of the best steaks I've ever had in my life.  We both opted for the bone in Kansas Cut dry aged striploin.  They bring your raw steak to the table to show you it before cooking.Side dishes was a loaded baked potato, broccoli, asparagus with hollandaise, and sage button mushrooms.  Definitely spring for the $9 cabernet reduction sauce to dip your steaks in, it was fantastic.  Shrimps the size of lobster tails, farmed off the coasts of Jamaica for $11 each.  Expensive, just like everything at this place, but fantastic, again.Our next visit we will go to the moved Queue de Cheval to compare.YES the place is incredibly overpriced, but you only live once.  It's not somewhere you're going to go often, but it will be very memorable when you do.5/5, we loved it.By the way, their white chocolate cheesecake is probably the best dessert I have ever tasted in my entire life.HOWEVER:  I subtracted a star because they flat out lied about their tableside caesar salad.  It is "constructed" tableside by means of simply dumping lettuce into a bowl and drizzling it with pre-made dressing.  That is *NOT* a true tableside caesar salad, which is supposed to be whipped up from scratch in front of you, in a wooden bowl.  I really hope whoever is in charge of this place reads this and fixes that problem.
5	Same great food and great people as the old Q. Probably been here 20 times since the name/ownership change and its still great!
3	I have some mixed feelings about Douze Vingt-et-Un. The atmosphere is like your tradational steak house. As far as music they play current pop which to me doesent make any sense. Menu is large but they didn't have the USA fillet Mignon and for a steakhouse not to have a tradational, most common steak that drops it down a knotch. I had the Kansas steak which everyone was raving about and it was something I can cook from my own grill in my back yard. My girlfriend had Canadian Fillet Mignon which was extremely charred and overlooked. As a side we had the grilled asparagus which all pieces wasn't cooked and we also had the oyster mushrooms which again I can cook from my own stove top. I was hoping to have a good cigar after dinner but unfortunately they ran out of cigars!!!!! This was to find out they are clouding down shop in less than a month. So I guess that means have CIGAR in your name doesent mean anything. If it wasn't for their exceptional service I would have given this place 2 stars.
