3	This place is easy to overlook in Sun Prairie, but it's pretty good at what it is.  Don't expect a big beer selection but if you are willing to settle for Spotted Cow and pub food give them a shot.  They have good wings and pretty decent specials on game days too.
4	I ate here a few weeks ago with a couple of girlfriends. We originally tried Buck and Honey's, but they were packed and the hostess was kind of rude. So we drove around, hoping for inspiration to strike. I'd eaten at McGovern's years before but couldn't finish my dish that time because it was too salty for human consumption. I don't hold that against them at all since I was pregnant at the time and my tastebuds were unreliable witnesses. This visit I had the haddock ($13 or very close to it). My friends both had steaks, and they both were very pleased. My piece of fish was enormous. I'm a good eater, but I had to take some home (it heated up very nicely for lunch the next day). I also had a very nice baked potato, and we all had a trip to the salad bar. The salad bar was 100% true to its supper club environment. Sliced eggs, cheese, mushrooms, iceberg lettuce, cottage cheese, packaged crackers, things that might have been Bac-Os (remember those?). It also had some more interesting items like peas and sliced beets. It was stuck over in this weird little alcove and seemed like it might be difficult if there were multiple people trying to hit it at the same time, but it definitely offered quite a bit. I'd eat here again. That fish made me happy, and I loved the open kitchen with its 70s-era wall covering (total cross between industrial kitchen and grandma's place from your childhood).
1	Stopped in one night for something different. No one seated us or helped us as we arrived. After talking with the bartender, we were seated only to have no waitress. After waving over a waitress the service and the food was sub par. Nasty burgers overcooked. Drinks were ok, that is why they received a 1. Atmosphere was shady and the clientele was inexperienced. Would not return.
3	We were looking for some good, regular food and figured we'd hit our neighborhood supper club. Lots of things were the same as last time: the server was very nice, the salad bar was still good (though I think they should slice up those hard-boiled eggs), and the decor still needs updating. I got the haddock again and enjoyed it. I filled up on salad bar and appetizers (deep-fried mushrooms, they were fine but not stellar). My husband got the seafood platter and was amazed at the sheer amount of breading on everything. It states in the menu that it comes deep-fried, but I wouldn't characterize what he got as 'delicate'.
1	There was one waitress for the entire establishment, and unfortunately, this led to extremely poor service. She was overworked, but was unable to be attentive. The salad bar was a total joke - there was hardly any food to choose from in terms of salad or toppings, and the salad that was there looked wilted and gross. Our actual food took over an hour to get to the table, and it was terrible. I ordered a medium steak, which came as well-done as a hockey puck. I cannot believe this restaurant is still open and operating. We will never return.
4	Typical WI supper club menu. Good selection of choices. We were there celebrating birthdays on a Sunday afternoon. The Bloody Mary's we're make your own, you got a glass of ice and vodka. The fixings were standard but could have been refilled. Food was good but nothing extraordinary. My only complaint was we ordered a bunch of appetizers for the table and the fried mushrooms were not done and doughy. Probably because of the amount of things we ordered the fryer was not hot enough. The BEST part of the day was the atmosphere. John, the accordion player was celebrating his birthday also. Older crowd but very fun. Waitstaff was friendly and this was more of a large family gathering than a bar. You can never be sad listening to a polka!
3	My hubby and I have been having a weekly lunch date to get out without kids and try some local establishments. What I had heard about McGoverns, is that it is THE place to go for your birthday. It wasn't my birthday, but we thought we would try it anyway. After learning about their birthday drink special...I agree, it is the place to go for your birthday. You should go. But, honestly, for a dining experience, the decor was terrible. Dark, dated, the kitchen is visible from the dining area, as well as the cleaning and drink station. The decor was the biggest drawback to our lunch. It was hard to get past it. The service was good and the food was good. I had a buffalo chicken wrap and the chicken was done amazingly. Not dry at all. The buffalo sauce was creamy and very spicy (which is a win in my book). My husband said his burger was good, but not a fresh patty. I was reading (on the placemat) that McGoverns was established in 1935. That is a long time to be up and running and makes me root for them to succeed!
3	Uh why was I here? Oh that's right. I was meeting up with friends. Long story short, McG's is a local watering hole. Nothing special about it except the bartender who was awesome. I asked for a dirty martini. Bartender says "how dirty" I said filthy and it was. Cheap prices and cold beer make for a great time with friends and if you get a little too woozy you can stumble from the watering hole at the bar to one of the dumpy holes next door instead of driving. I wouldn't recommend that though. Staying at the dumpy holes that is.
