3	For the price I ended up paying, this place was fine. There was a full kitchen, king bed and TV. I was just surprised at the lack of amenities at the hotel. While I have stayed at other extended stay hotels, I was surprised to find a sign in the room at this one stating that you only got your room cleaned once per week...if you wanted it more often than that you would have to pay for it. If you needed fresh towels, you'd have to go to the main desk to get them. They also only provided a small bar of soap in the room...not the typical soap, shampoo, lotion, etc. This didn't bother me too much as I was only staying a couple days but again I found it surprising not to have these basic things. The hotel in general was easy to get to and very easy to get back onto to freeway from. The hotel was clean and the people who worked there were very nice.
4	Great value, close drive to city, not much to do around hotel, its a business park. Carnegie city has a few bars and restaurants.
4	SimpleRusticLocalWait that is every Gordon Ramsey reviewMy experience at extended Stay America was great. The staff was warm and friendly and made it a point to speak to me every morning as I left and when I returned in the evening. They went out of their way to provide A confirmation and point me in the direction of restaurants and nightspots when needed. If I ever need to utilize an extended stay hotel I wouldn't hesitate to head back there.
4	I've stayed at a couple of Extended Stay sites that I found quite satisfactory and this location proved to be just as good. Excellent place to stay while visiting Pittsburgh. It is just a five minute drive to downtown. Location is in a business park area so it is quiet. The rooms contain a nice kitchenette area with a full sized refrigerator, sink, cabinets and two burners. There is no oven which I expected as the descriptions all state "full kitchen" so be aware of that. Also they do not keep the dishes, pots and pans, coffee makers, toasters or utensils in the rooms. If you want them you have to request them at the desk during check in. The room was clean and well maintained. Cable tv quality is spotty sometimes but not intolerable. The free wifi is usually fast. The best part about this location was the staff. The people at the desk were all very pleasant and welcoming and quite willing to assist with any questions or issues with a smile.  I would definitely stay at this location again and highly recommend it.
5	Tonya is super sweet and the front desk people are very helpful
