5	While I wasn't the biggest fan of the Green Valley Ranch (from a tourist's point of view anyways, it's too far!) I really enjoyed the pub. The have daily happy hour specials, like $7 Guiness and Jameson or $2 Stellas, and they have Smithwick's and Hard Cider for about $4 each, which is one of the better deals I found in Vegas. The decor is nice and dark, and the bartenders are awesome. Quick with the drinks and up for a friendly conversation if you find yourself alone at the bar while your companion throws money away on blinking machines.
5	Beer pong.. Yes I know you can play it on the strip at O'Sheas or something, but playing it here just seems more *sanitary* if that makes sense. The tables are always empty, and the bartenders are pretty friendly and will give you new cups, and even cups filled with seltzer water to clean your ping pong balls with.Budlight $11 a pitcher, or you can upgrade to Stella for $15 a pitcher (yup we got crap for playing beer pong with Stella.. whatever we wanted to!)So the clientele at GVR is a bit well... old. We definitely get stares when we play beer pong, but that's half the fun.
5	Good drinks, atmosphere and Darby O'Gill and the Little People are just about the best irish band you will ever see!
2	We came in here for a couple of drinks after a Monday night football game. For a Monday night it was really dead. I don't think this place is used to seeing so many asian people in their bar. We were even carded twice!They've got some beer pong tables out front and the bar tender seemed pretty friendly. All the tables and chairs are really high. I'm not really quite sure why that is. So for a short person like me, it was easier for me to just stand and talk to people. The prices for drinks are reasonable, anywhere from $5 to $8 or so. I found the place kind of boring though.
2	ONE glass of White Wine and ONE Club Soda...$14.Fourteen...bucks.... not even so much as a SMILE or direct eye contact from the Bartender. Not even a "you're welcome" after I said thanks.Hideously evil.
4	I use to come here when it was Fado's and decided to give it a try again on Friday night.  Basically the place is a different beast from Fado.   I would say that it more falls into a sports bar category these days then an irish pub but still with a great selection of beers.  The beer pong tables are a blast when you have a group of 4 or more and this last weekend they had a great 80's band playing.  We had a group over 40 people with us and they allowed us to bring in our own take out from the food court.  No one had to wait long for drinks and by the end of the night everyone was having a a blast. If you haven't been or it's been awhile then this place is worth having a second look at.
5	Absolutely one of my favorite pubs in the entire Las Vegas valley.  I love a good cider or black velvet and can always count on them to have both pear and apple cider on tap.  The staff is extremely pleasant and on their game.  There are always fun activities happening throughout the week and they maintain a very welcoming atmosphere.My only draw back is I wish they served food too.
4	i haven't tried the food, but i've definitely tried the beeeer and the pong!!  beer pong here is always gooooood fun!  they have about five beer pong tables, and everytime i've been here, i've never had to wait for a table.  i highly recommend this place for a good time, affordable night-out, off-the-strip  fun and a low-key, dress comfortable atmosphere.  all you need is friends, pitchers and balls!  go during happy hour...... :)
4	Great local pub!  Thursday - Saturdays are your biggest nights.  They offer beer pong every day too which is awesome.  Lots of beer on tap and they offer live music on several nights of the week.  I didn't have the food so I can't review that, but the bartenders were very friendly and I love the atmosphere.  Definitely a place to go check out!
4	This is a great pub. The staff is friendly and helpful. The beer is cheap and good. The beerpong tables are welcoming.
4	The home of Darby O'Gill and the Little People.  The best local band in Vegas.Only 4 stars because you have to walk through the douchebags playing beer pong before you get to the stage where Darby plays.
1	Quinn's on a Monday night was absolutely dead.  Heavy metal music didn't seem to fit with the Irish Pub theme.  On top of that the food was pretty bad.
4	I've only ever been here on Wednesday night for karaoke, so I can only speak for Wednesday nights. I enjoy it myself; it's not horribly crowded and I'm a karaoke nut, so there you go. They also have beer pong.What I do enjoy about this place come Wednesday is for a mere $20 you can have all you can drink draughts, which is awesome. Karaoke goes from 7 - 11 (or later) and it's good. Service is always very good here.All in all, I'd say check it out. It's a nice pub, great beer, and all you can drink on Wednesday.EDIT -  I have recently discovered Quinn's DOES in fact offer food. It's traditional Irish fare, and can't say I've tried much of it. The shepherd's pie is very good though.
4	We had a great time listening to a fun Irish Band, Darby O'Gill and the Little People.  Great songs, they take requests and they had just enough crass that made it very fun to watch them heckle the odd balls in the joint (there were a few nut jobs!).  Beer was cheep and we bought it by the pitcher.My friend and I went in the midst of a mellow evening in Vegas and this place lperked us both up!
4	Same bar, different name, This is the spot in GVR that used to be McFadden's way back when. Nothing particularly unique about it - it's an Irish pub. It's definitely a fun place to stop for a beer. It can get quite crowded, but it's never a type of crowded that gets annoying. And clearly I missed out on the beer pong. Will most definitely be looking into that next time I stop by here.
3	Quinn's is a straight up bar. Drinking and conversation are the primary concerns for those who visit. Food definitely takes a back seat compared to other Irish pubs. With a limited selection that is primarily fried or heavier fare, this might be hard for the cautious eater. All items come in to go containers delivered from Terra Verde due to smoking. The Bangers and Mash ($8) was a generous portion coming with three sausages lying on heaps of mashed potatoes. The potatoes were thick with cream and butter, a gluttonous treat for anyone who loves hearty food. The order of homemade chips and zesty dip ($5) was hot out of the fryer and plentiful. It takes about 30-40 minutes for the food to be called in and delivered, but the food is worth waiting for.The beers were cheap when we came in around 6:30-7:00. Expecting to pay $5 or more for a beer, it was a pleasant surprise that they were only $3. The lower rating is because our waitress was disinterested in us after she realized that only one of us were drinking. Not coming by to check up on us and then looking for her to get the check took quite some time. By the end, we both wanted out of there.
4	Very solid 4 Stars. I went on a Saturday night after a beer festival. The place was packed. If there was ever a race for pouring beers I think the bartenders here would win. They were cranking out the Guinness, Harp and more... I had to wait a bit for a beer - but if it is busy and the bartenders are working hard it is ok. It is pretty much a fake Irish bar, but we are in Las Vegas so they came pretty close I guess. The Band on Saturday night really makes this place. They really have a good sound! Next time I am buying the band a round of beers for a job well done!! With out the band this place would be pedestrian. There is something I don't get though... is the beer pong? I don't know why people play and I don't know why a bar owner would facilitate this? First of all - I would rather just play ping pong. I could drink at my own leisure and NOT drink out of plastic cups with flat beer that has had a disgusting ping pong ball in it. The ball bounces on the floor and people pick up the ball with their disgusting hands and then the ball is WASHED off in the cup of beer! I have been in a number of mens bathrooms and I can tell you there is an alarming amount of men who do NOT wash their hands after touching their johnson! To the owners of QUINS. Why would you have beer pong on a Saturday night when you have a great band playing live music??? Maybe on a Wednesday night when you need to draw some people - but a Saturday night??? It's annoying. BTW - I am not uptight about germs. I simply avoid activities to limit my exposure to meningitis and other undesirable bacterial infections.
4	This bar is Green Valley Ranch towards the back near the food court. I like going here on Saturday night because all their import draft beers are 3 dollars. They have an Irish band play all kinds of covers and usually there are people in the bar. They also have beer pong if that is a game you play.  I go for the music and great prices on beer.  Most people are friendly in the bar, but the band really ties it together.
2	Did someone set off a smoke bomb in here??? Wow.So, yes, I have an aversion to cigarette smoke and it doesn't get much worse than this little Irish Pub. It's like walking into a fog of stink and impending doom. I hate it. I went to meet a group of friends for the weekly Pub Quiz gathering on Tuesday night. I arrived about 10 minutes till 7:00 and it didn't seem so bad in here. Apparently that's a farce and all of the smoking pub quizzers arrive right on time. By 7:00 this place was disgusting. I won't be back and the smoke is the only reason.I gave this place an extra star because the Pub Quiz was loads of fun. Darby, from the band Darby O'Gill and the Little People, and Skinny Matt do a great job with this Pub Quiz. Darby is the MC and Matt takes care of the other quiz stuff, passing out the picture round and whatnot. If you can get past the atmosphere, which I clearly can't, it's truly a good time. Don't expect to get good service unless you want to stand at the bar all night. During Pub Quiz this place is packed and they have one waitress working. We ordered a pitcher to start with and it was empty for a good 15-20 minutes before she came back to offer us another round. It's not as though she was ignoring us but there were a hundred people to serve and she didn't stop the whole time. Unless you like to nurse your pint all night for fear you won't get another and you have a hankering for some second-hand smoke, find a different pub.
4	A bar with Beer Pong tables ready to play.  NICE.  Also the cheapest drink specials in the Green Valley Ranch resort, beware that it will get smokey at times, which I had to get used to since Chicago is smoke free, but it's Vegas, what do you expect.
3	Tonight I came to meet buddies out for a few drinks.  Heck, I find myself here a lot more than I would like to admit because the place is so close to work and I have a lot of friends who prefer this place.  Here's what I know from my experiences:DRINKS: I don't quite know the daily specials to a T, however, tonight the specials were $5 Pabst Blue Ribbon pitchers, $10 Bud Light and Michelob Ultra Pitchers and $15 for any other pitchers (beer on tap only).  I chose the PBR for $5.  My bartender was Mike and although he was really huge and "scary looking," was actually pleasant and very efficient. AMBIANCE: This bar is an Irish Pub.  There's lots of wood and lots of old vintage Irish themed decor such as Irish themed signs, and a huge glass cabinet containing lots of Irish trinckets and knick knacks.  Along with the live band on weekends, there are a lot of TVs with different games going on.  There's also about 6-8 beer pong tables, which seems to be the most popular thing amongst the people.All in all, it's a popular place.  Lot's of drunk people on a daily basis which means they're doing something right!  It's hard for me to give them a high score, because this town is filled with pubs and bars which I think have an ambiance that I love more.  This place is not stellar to me.  It's also not bad at all.  Like my rating, it's just A-OK.
4	This is a great local spot to land for a night of drunken shenanigans and celebration.  On weekends, there are usually great bands playing.  One of my favorites is Darby O'Gill and the Little People.  They are funny and play great Irish inspired music and Irish twists on current songs.  The drinks are cheap and the service is always friendly and relatively quick.  The only knock on this place is some nights they have beer pong which attracts hipster, lifted truck, macho, bro, douchbags.  Other than that, I have no beef hanging out here on weekends!
5	Always a good time. I enjoy Quinn's on the quieter nights. Sunday's being my fav. to hang with Max & Danny, almost all locals & regulars & ALWAYS interesting conversation. This was the first Irish Pub I steeped foot in, in my hood, when I moved to Vegas 2 years ago,  & I was hesitant because it was inside a casino. It doesn't feel that way at all, Quinn's is my "Cheers"
5	Quinn's is my go to Irish pub.Drinks are more than affordable, sometimes they are outright cheap (lots of good deals).Great entertainment many nights including karaoke on Wednesdays (chill and fun) and the one and only Darby O'Gill band on Saturdays make this a frequent stop for me.
4	I work in the district so I always end up at Quinn's every once an while with coworkers.  I love this place!  I can't get enough of it.  They always have a band playing and the audio is usually terrible.  That's what give this Irish pub character.  It's a pretty small bar that is divided into 2 sections, which is kind of weird.  They sometimes have beer pong tournament out in the front open area.  Let me tell you why I always end up here.  Are you ready?  I don't think you are ready?  OK, I will tell you.  The BEER!  Quinn's has stone IPA on tap.  You can partake in this delicious beer for only $3!  That's a great deal.  They also have boddingtons on tap.  This is a pub ale.  If you have had the can; you are missing out. It tastes much better on tap.  The overall atmosphere is great too.  The crowd tends to be pretty eclectic as you are mixing tourists and locals.  If you are green valley ranch then you have to check this pub out mate.  Oh and be careful, the last time I was here I don't remember what time I left and took a cab home.  Cheers!
4	I came here tonight with some friends to see Speed, a classic rock cover band that plays here on Friday nights. Awesome drinks, great atmosphere, and very reasonable prices! I'm docking one star for our waitress Raquel because when she brought me my change she had the audacity to say, "Oh I owe you $1 but I figured you'd want to tip me." Very rude and arrogant! I'm a hospitality management major and one thing I have learned is that you should never ever assume that you are going to get tipped. If it hasn't been for her being our waitress this would have been a 5 star review.
4	Quinn's is a quick, easy spot to drop in for a beer or a drink pre- or post-movie at the GVR Regal or on your way home from work (those who live in Hendo). The bartenders are nice and efficient. Don't expect a wine list or to be able to get anything too frou-frou here; if you want all that noise, head across to the Drop Bar (and pay a lot more while you're at it). Karaoke night is amusing and the night Darby plays live are always fun. One of the better off-strip casino bars out there that's not trying to be a lounge. They don't serve food, but they don't mind if you bring in your own from the nearby food court.
5	Bartenders were fantastic and the $3 beers were great too.
5	Awesome fun! The bartenders are friendly, the video poker has good paytables, and the entertainment is excellent, at least on Saturdays when Darby O'Gill and his little people play humorous Irish music. Must see.
4	Good cheap beer, cute but slightly crowded atmosphere but Darby O'Gill and the Little People make up for it with their fun Irish music. They are the main reason why I go to Quinn's, but it is still a cute little pub and a great hang out spot with friends.
4	This is a nice pub with a relaxed feel inside GVR.  We were playing slots and wanted to sit and have a drink. So we decided to go to Quinn's, grab a beer, and play some video poker.  The drink prices were extremely reasonable.  It seemed like they also have great specials at happy hour.  The place was comfortable with plenty of table seating.  To the right of the bar is a section with more tables and where I think the live bands play.  The band starts at 10 on Saturdays so we missed them.  The bartenders are friendly and service is on point.  Will definitely come back in for a drink when I'm in GVR.
3	Nice little pub in GVR. Only had drinks, but it was good service
3	They've increased the pints from $3 to $4 but it's still a great place to kick back and drink some beer.
5	I love this place! Cold beer, relaxed Irish pub feeling and great entertainment. I have on rare occasion seen a cocktail waitress working but we usually go to see a live band and just our drinks from the bar.
4	Absolutely love this pub. Service has always been great, beer just right. Expect a crowd on the weekend and holidays when there is live music. Mostly a college crowd and beer pong and such. Don't forget to tip Max with the beard, he's awesome.
3	We went to Quinn's on a Thursday night for a beer after eating dinner at Terra Verde.  I didn't experience the smoke issue that other yelpers have mentioned.  There are plenty of places to sit, and the booths on the outer wall.  We sat in one of these, and found it very comfortable.  There was a pretty good beer selection, and I was very pleased to find that pints at $4.00, even Guinness.  Service was quick and the bartender was friendly.  Even though we didn't see a food menu, we saw more than one table bring food over from the food court.  We enjoyed Quinn's, it's a comfortable joint to get a beer.
4	Atmosphere is good. Stiff prices are expected from a casino bar. Minus one star for being unable to be a truly regular local hang out.
3	I really, really wanted to give a 5 star! What I love is the Irish pub feel, the band on Friday nights!!!  And the great handsome bartenders. What brought this score down to a 3 is the fact that the waitresses are horrible and if you are female you might as well be the designated driver. The waitress (happened twice now and not just to me) they will charge you for other people's drinks. I drink Crown on the rocks,  Fireball on ice, wine and I'm very picky about my beer. I don't drink weird shots,  Jack and diet, or Guiness!! But I was unfortunately charged for it, I told the waitress and she said she would fix it and be back, she had me sign another slip with my drinks only and said she voided my first transaction. I thought,  cool just a little mistake, no biggie until the following Tuesday when all transactions clear the bank that I not only was charged for the first transaction,  I was charged for the second as well. I love this place, but please cash out with every drink! The bar, male bartenders and great Friday night bands are a 5 star and this is still one if my favorite places to go. I just order my drinks directly from the bar and cash out every time now.
5	Sad it's gone
