2	Despite the large selection and good prices at this store, I cannot go in because of its layout.  It is in a circular layout, which always makes me sick and claustrophobic.  I always feel dizzy inside and I have to leave every 5 minutes to catch my breath.  The bathrooms are also very dirty and its hard to get a parking spot and the lines are always long.  There is good customer service, when you can find somebody.
4	OK...so the next part of my "packing peanuts"saga!  After Walmart I head over to Office Depot.  I was greeted by a very nice salesman whom I asked about the dreaded packing peanuts!  He knew immediately where they were and lo and behold not only did they have them but they are bio-degradable and came in 2 different sized bags.  Whew!  My search was over.  There was a cashier all set to take care of me and in a flash I was out the door.  Quite honestly, I didn't even know that Office Depot was in this shopping center but I'm sure I'll be in there again!
4	Stepped in here a couple of days ago. Reason for the visit was simple, full service copies. The person behind the counter was great, very patient, and efficient. I stress patient because she was handling my needs a well as ringing other customers in between.  My issue...where's her back up?Got $50 in copies and when it was time to pay I asked for the discount I get through my corporate office. That's when she dropped the bomb on me. They didn't have me on file. Then I realized that I was at the wrong office supply store. Meant to go to Office Max where I get a huge discount and came here on accident. I swear Staples, Office Depot, and Office Max all start to look the same. The cashier must have felt bad for me and offered a 20% since I got a lot of copies. This is what I call great service. See, doesn't hurt to ask. Overall, giving Office Depot 4 stars just for the service. However, I probably will not come here as often since my discounts are through Office Max.
2	Staff is not knowledgable and unapologetic. Please use better training procedures as I waited 20 minutes for them to figure out a printer situation (and even tried to help with mo knowledge of the product) and they were still unable to assist me. Thank you.
5	I came to this store to buy a color printer that was advertised for $59. They were out of stock on it so the manager gave me the upgraded version of the printer that sold for $89 for the $59 price! Plus I got a free label maker! Score!  A+ for customer service!
1	Standing here experiencing horrible customer service. I usually use them to do all my printing in mass and have had awesome success at other locations. This location however is slow, unapologetic, and took over 30 minutes for a small and simple job. Not coming back to this location again. Learned my lesson!!
