5	I consider myself so lucky to have found Dr. Amy Terlisner at Aletris Center of Integrative Medicine. Dr. Terlisner is one of the most knowledgeable, friendly and helpful doctors I have been to, and I've been to a lot! I was starting to doubt the ability of many doctors, especially traditional doctors who spend 5 minutes with you and write you a prescription but my experience with Dr. Terlisner was so much different! During my initial visit she spent an entire hour listening and asking questions and we went over my entire medical history in thorough detail. She ordered a complete blood analysis and showed me all the things I needed to do to get my body back in balance and I've been feeling so much better. I would highly recommend her to anyone in search of a naturopathic doctor, she's simply the best!
5	After a bit of time on my hands and a few friendly tips, I decided to give Alternative Medicine a try. The problem was...I had no idea what I should try! All I knew is that my back was hurting and my sinuses were driving me crazy. Sure, pain killers and allergy medication are fun to take, but why not give something else a try?So, I contacted them to see what I should do. I had no idea that there were so many different treatments available! IV therapy, colon hydrotherapy (what the hell??? that does not sound comfortable...good thing i don't have a problem there), sugar hair removal, chemical peels, facials, physical manipulation, nutrient injections, and so many other things. I opted for the save bet...Acupuncture! Once I arrived, I was immediately greeted and shortly thereafter Sanyee, the Acupuncturist, met with me. We spent at least 20 minutes talking about my various issues (I realized that there was a lot more going on that I thought) and possible sources. Throughout the entire session, Sanyee was extremely friendly, caring, attentive and calming. Overall, the experience was awesome! They even emailed me the intake paperwork, so I could complete it at home as opposed to sitting in the waiting area.  I would definitely recommend ALETRIS to anyone (actually...I already have!)!
5	I am a 65 year old male patient under the care of Dr. Amy Terlisner. In recent years I had experienced a decline in mental acuity, and I had lost confidence in my ability to perform my job as a manufacturing plant manager. Also, as an avid general aviation enthusiast, I felt insecure piloting the aircraft that I always loved to fly. As a result, I had begun contemplating retirement and I had discontinued my hobby as a pilot and flight instructor.Following a diagnosis and a program of treatment prescribed by Dr. Terlisner, I have experienced an almost miraculous improvement, and my cognitive ability is back where it was years ago. I have a feeling of confidence and well being that I haven't felt for a long time. Now, rather than retirement, I'm planning on working for at least 5 more years. I'm also planning on continuing my hobby as a pilot. Thanks to Dr. Terlisner I believe I have a new lease on life.Joe
5	While I don't wish to reveal personal medical information, I feel very strongly about Aletris. Dr. Dye is currently treating me for what other doctors told me was a chronic condition. After years of seeing doctors and specialists, I still felt like something was missing and that I could get better with the right help. I've progressed significantly and she has found the cause of my symptoms, and I do not have a chronic condition. My health issues stem from diet/lifestyle, and making changes there has had an enormous impact on my health.Dr. Dye is the first naturopath I've ever worked with, and I didn't really know what naturopathy is all about. It's amazing spending 45 minutes or more with a doctor. Dr. Dye ordered lab tests that provided a lot of information, and always spent a lot of time with me discussing what was working, what was going on in my body, and what treatment would be. I'm healthier than I ever have been and no one else, not even specialists, were able to help me like Dr. Dye. I'm very confident that I did no unnecessary testing or supplements; the doctors here clearly have your best interest at heart and are considerate of the costs that go along with treatment (which I found to be extremely reasonable). Dr. Dye worked to identify and treat the cause, instead of just treating the symptoms. It's very different from visiting other practitioners and I've really found it to be amazing! I am so grateful.
4	I have been a patient of Dr. Terlisner for about 6 months and have had fantastic results. I originally went in for intestinal distress & soon diagnosed with major food allergies after some blood work. Several doctors had missed this in the past. After blood work was done, I was also diagnosed with other issues traditional primary care doctors had missed (such as hyperthyroid). Since then, she has been working with me to get healthy and I feel so much better on a day to day basis than I have in YEARS. I'm very grateful & recommend her to all.Update: After going to another doctor (MD) later for something else, I found out that the office basically misdiagnosed me with the hypothyroid. The new doc even looked at the exact same blood results. Evidently the "healthy range" they have here is totally different from most traditional doctors. Don't get me wrong, I'll always be thankful for them finding my food allergies & feeling so much better, but for major issues, I recommend getting a second opinion.
5	I think a second opinion is always valuable.  Having said that, I think that you are responsible for your own health.  I have been seeing Dr. T. For several years.  And I don't feel like she has pushed me to anything.  In fact, I find her brighter than most of the MDs that I have gone to.  I have been helped a lot by going here.
5	I discovered Aletris when I purchased a Groupon for some Vitamin B12 shots.  The shots were great and helped me gain more energy.  I had been suffering from a frozen shoulder and had spent months in pain, spending thousands on surgery, physical therapy, cortisone shots, and taking super strong drugs.  While at an appointment for my B12 shot I mentioned my shoulder problem to one of the Doctors.  She suggested I give acupuncture a try.  I was not a believer in acupuncture but since my pains was so severe and traditional western medicine had not helped, I was desperate for any relief.  I made an appointment with Christina Robb, their acupuncturist, that day.  After three treatments I was virtually pain free.  I also saw their in house Chiropractor Dr. Abe for a few very gentle Chiropractic Treatments.  I have been pain free for 4 months now.  I no longer take any pain medications and have regained near full use of my arm/shoulder.  These folks are the best and so professional--no high pressure.  They coordinate care among all of the in-house providers and are just so caring.   I've never felt better!
5	This is the first time I've ever been to a doctor where they made a copy of my lab work results for me and walked me through them line by line. I've seen four practitioners there, and they've all been great about asking questions and actually listening to my answers. I don't really consider their recommendations as "alternative" but, rather, natural. I'm getting answers, not prescriptions.
5	I am so happy with the results I have seen  with my health over the past few months of going to Aletris. Dr T. Goes over everything on my appointments so thoroughly! I went to the same MD for 30 years and I never knew so much about myself and my well being. The Dr probably didn't either! Kristina performing acupuncture has proven to be amazing! My hip pain is almost completely gone and with no medicine. Erin at the front desk is so pleasant and helpful! Thank you Aletris!
5	I have been going to Aletris for over 3 years now and have recommended it to all my friends and family. I have mostly seen Dr. Terlisner and her care is excellent, she listens well and takes a holistic approach without being too "crunchy". She respected what I had to say and steered me in the right direction and I feel much better today then I did my first visit. The rest of the staff there is just as great, I've had wonderful experiences with Dr. Abe, Dr. Eckart and colon hydrotherapy.
5	I regularly see Dr. Dye for both myself and my son who has ADHD. The office is extremely professional. Scheduling appointments is super easy and wait time for your appointment is minimal. The doctors use blood work and other types testing to determine food allergies, hormonal imbalances and specific medical issues unique to your situation. I've discovered gluten and other food intolerances I had NO idea I had. Blood testing and symptoms analysis has led me to discover hormonal imbalances and we are in the process of dialing a solution for these issues. This center has uncovered issues and addressed them where other doctors have missed the diagnosis. Don't hesitate to make your appointment. Data driven decisions and solid solutions.
5	I have seen both Dr. Dye and Dr. Eckhart for separate issues and look forward to each visit as I know I am in good hands and getting my health on the right track!  Erin and Jill are super helpful as well.  I have referred others to Aletris with trust that they will be taken care of with great compassion and professionalism.  I value the holistic approach with great appreciation for being seen as a human rather than a set of symptoms.  My voice is heard as a valuable tool in the treatment plan and makes me so appreciative of functional medicine rather than just taking a prescription to mask discomfort.  Thank you for all you do!
5	Dr. Kayla Eckart is very professional and compassionate about what she is doing.  She does not give up to find relief for her patients and discuss with other professionals at the center to find the right form of action.  I have full confidence in the center and Dr. Eckart and can highly recommend her services.  I also want to add that Erine who is running the office is very efficient and friendly and makes checking in and out and making an appointment a breeze.
