4	I did a 30 day trail here just looking for something to kickstart me into a fitness routine. I was a really good experience, by the time my trial was up I knew about 5 people that were doing trials too just based off of what we said. It is a very intense 90min, and sometimes while in there you think "why am I doing this" but you are always glad you came because you do feel refreshed. The instructors are all pretty great and they can play some cool music sometimes.
4	Okay. I'm going to admit it. I'm addicted.Got an ad from Sumits in the mail for 2 weeks for $20, jumped on the offer like white on rice, and what a heaping bowl of fun it has been! Similar to previous posts, Sumits is a variation of Bikram- all in all you walk out of there a hot mess and feeling quite amazing.What I like: wood floors- easy, clean, and simple; music is always different and makes yoga more fun, 90 minutes of detoxification, stretching, and truly feeling awesome. Clean showers and a nice bathroom filled with all your amenities.What I don't like: the price is freaking expensive (upwards of $110 for unlimited monthly??). I'm a student, come on now. Also, slight inconsistency with instructors; ie, depending on the instructor you could sweat your buns off or not really sweat because they keep opening the door..Nonetheless, I'm hooked. You got me, Sumits; like a ball and chain.Bring your towel (I'd bring 2= one for mat and one for dripping face), cold water, and $20 for your 2 week deal. You're welcome.
5	About 2 years ago a girlfriend took me with her to class.  Two years later I'm still going and it has changed my life.  As a collegiate golfer I had practiced yoga in a number of different settings.   Nothing could have prepared me for what I have experienced at Sumits.  Whether you are an advanced yogi or it's your first class the teachers at Sumits are welcoming and ready to guide you.  I went from a student who could barely finish a class to a seasoned yogi that looks forward to practice each day.The room studio is HOT and takes some getting used to.  But once your body becomes accustomed it's an opening and detoxifying experience.  The well orchestrated classes are the same each time and help build strength, flexibility, and balance.  The practice is as much about mental healing though as it is physical.  It's the one time of day when you can truly let go of everything in the outside world and focus on yourself.I'm of the opinion that this type of yoga should be a part of anyone's routine who is looking for a well balanced body and mind.  I can't say enough good things about this studio and it's staff.
5	This was a very challenging class.....I loved everything about the studio, but my fav part was how every instructore did it a little differently, which was good, one thing I kind of missed in traditional bikram. I also enjoyed the fact they placed top 40 and other stuff. Liked the fact they mixed it up. My fav was the 5:30 am classes, hard to get up that early but man were they worth it.Highly Recommend
4	I had never done yoga before and this was a nice experience. Holy moley did I sweat A TON!!!! They made me feel very welcome and I didn't feel like a total idiot when I didn't know what the heck they were doing! Haha. The music was VERY soothing and with time, I think I could come to enjoy hot yoga. It was rough for a first-timer and I suggest that you take an intro class before the main hot class. That way, you have more knowledge of what the flow is like and how to be doing things correctly. In all, I am not going back until I get a better paying job-WAYYYYYY pricey for me!
4	I found true hot yoga on groupon (great deal!) and was excited to try it. My sister and I went to the Saturday morning class and Kay was teaching. The class was very full. The 80 min long class was incredible. There was all fitness levels there practicing, the music was appropriate, and the sweat was just pouring out of everyone! There is not a lot of tolerance for talking in class so if you go with a friend you'll have to be super quiet or save it for afterwards. The studio was nice and I can't wait to use the rest of my classes.
5	Challenging, relaxing, mind altering. My favorite teachers are Andie and Marta! Most all teachers will give you a great experience and make you want to come back for more. I'm a lifer!
4	I am in love with this place!! The instructors are upbeat and play fun music! It may be the hottest hour or so of my life but I feel like a million buck when I leave! I found this place on groupon but certainly see myself becoming a long time member after :)
2	Although the exercise and sweating is pretty awesome, there are definite issues that are hard to ignore.  First, there is nothing to help new people understand what they should wear or bring with them.  Second, the instructions for what to have in the class are non-existent.  Third, there are so many students in the class and the instructor is all over the place so new people haven't the slightest clue of what to do.  The only way I was able to do at least something was to watch the person next to me.  The instructor provided NO instruction that made sense for beginners and conducted class like everyone was a veteran.  There needs to be separate beginner classes for sure along with some material or something on their web site that explains what you need and should bring.  The instructor should have smaller classes and be cognizant of what special requirements the students need (such as carpal tunnel and alternate positions).  Very disappointed with the setup and lack of instruction.  Also, after 7pm, there is no one manning the front desk and they lock the front door so you'll have to unlock and leave yourself if you happen to leave early.  If you do happen to go, here are some tips: 1) show up 15-20 minutes early your first time for paperwork 2) bring a yoga mat, yoga mat towel, sweat towel and bottle of water 3) highly suggest sports bra of sorts for the women and only shorts (no shirt) for the men 3) wear flip flops or slip-on/off shoes 4) leave purse/valuables/stuff in the car or at home 5) if using a card for payment, get some kind of small wallet that you can clip to your yoga mat or wrist 6) inside the classroom there are no shoes allowed and little or no talking 7) the room is a long rectangle and if a lot of folks are there, be prepared to be close to your neighbor.
5	Holy HOT, Batman!  105 degrees with a billion percent humidity!Seriously, thought I was going to pass out during my first class.  My second class was much better.  I only had to sit out one sequence, and that was at the Instructors suggestion for "new people".  I used the 2 weeks for $20 promotion, then will apply my Groupon when that's over. I plan on being a "hot" yogi (get it?!), for a long time!The studio is clean and doesn't have that funky rotten moldy, cheesy toe-jam smell that I've experienced in a local Bikram studio.The instructors are clearly experienced. They each do slightly different variations in sequencing, but I like that it's not exactly the same each time.  The music is good, but can be kind of loud, especially when I'm trying to hear the Instructors directions.I wouldn't say this is the best place for people who've never taken yoga, as the instructors don't demonstrate each pose, but you can watch your classmates for prompts if needed.I honestly cannot wait to go back tomorrow!!
5	BEST HOT YOGA! Love this studio soo much! Amazing teachers, amazing people, all around amazing. After class, you feel wonderful, it feels so good to SWEAT! Love both their locations; in Glendale and Scottsdale. Both are conveniently located, easy to find, and easy to get to. Very clean and beautiful studios. A number of class times to accommodate anyone's schedule. The class sequence is great for anyone, so great for first time yogis and for advanced yogis too! I could go on and on... Must try if you've never been. Only $20 for 2 weeks of unlimited yoga, instant LOVE.
2	I have taken two classes here and they were both PACKED. Literally three rows of people in the studio and some people (myself included) couldn't fully extend without either squishing myself into the mirror or hitting the person next to me. I am hoping some of the other time slots will be less crowded, as I still have 13 more classes here. Overall, it's okay. It feels much hotter in this studio than others I have been to, but I think it's because it is SO crowded. There's just more body heat. Also, the receptionist was less than welcoming. Both times I came in. At our first visit, she chased down my friend and scolded her for not signing in. REALLY?? It was her first time, she didn't know the protocol.The place is clean and doesn't smell too weird, but the "locker room" is really just a onesie bathroom with one toilet and a tiny shower and one sink. Not very practical when the class has at least 30 people in it (most of them women who rush to the bathroom to use the shower afterwards). The two instructors that I have had are okay... one was better than the other. One girl's music was all over the place, and would abruptly shift or cut off at weird moments. It was really distracting, and also super LOUD. I couldn't hear what she was even saying. I like my studio closer to home way better and once this Groupon is up, I probably won't be returning.
5	Amazing! Being not in the best shape I was incredibly intimidated to do this but Kristina was so welcoming and awesome! Spoke to us newbies at the beginning of class and then throughout talked everyone through and let the newbies know what we should be getting out of it...it really was amazing and encouraging and a great way to change up your workouts that I'll definitely be back!!
5	I love the heat and humidity in the room although in some classes I can feel that the heat was not turned up at max level. Sometimes I sweat a lot (which I love) and sometimes I wish the class could use little bit more of heat. I also love the instructors. They are amazing and helpful. However one thing that bothers me (sometimes) is that after the last shivashana (or shavashana? sp?) some students would start chatting and laughing. It was supposed to be our meditation moment and here they were chatting, laughing, and whispering (loudly) like they were the only people practice in the room.
4	I have been going to True Hot Yoga off and on for quite some time.  As a teacher it is hard for me to afford yoga classes on a monthly basis, but when I can afford it I adore going to True Hot Yoga.  I love how my body feels after yoga, but most importantly I enjoy the peace and serenity I experience during class and following class. It truly does stay with you, and makes you a more peaceful and calm minded person.I do however, have one complaint.  Many teachers are good at giving each individual student attention, while other teachers seem to only correct, praise, and focus on students who are really good at their practice.  Speaking as someone who needs some work on her yoga poses, I want attention too!! I realize that it is not all about me, but we all pay the same amount for the same class, and deserve equal attention. Do I have to ask for help?
5	Amazing ladies, awesome atmosphere. Truly enjoyed every second. Will definitely go back. Thank you Tracy, you truly are the best.
5	This place is awesome! First of all, I'm brand new to yoga in general so walking in here the first time I wasn't quite sure what to expect.  What I found was a great staff who is friendly and knowledgeable, a clean facility, and the best addition to my fitness routine ever!  They even have an app that makes keeping up with the schedule, your attendance, purchases, and other info super helpful.  The classes are structured so that all participants, beginner - advanced, are guided through a beautiful practice that strengthens the mind and body.  It's my new favorite place :) All the instructors have been great but I've especially enjoyed Tracy's classes.  Her passion, energy and guidance is just what I need on Sunday mornings to start my week off right :)
