4	For Bar Only: Situated in the former "Canvas" location it's a perfect venue for outdoor drinking! The staff appears to be family and/or professional servers ... Top notch service!
2	Generally speaking, it's poor form to close the kitchen at 10pm the same day Chow Bella reports you serve food till midnight.http://blogs.phoenixnewtimes.com/bella/2013/03/pallets_food_and_bar_restaurant_phoenix_new_vietnamese_chinese_japanese_roosevelt_row_open.php
5	Best sushi I've had since I left San Francisco! Finally a place that has real sushi rice and not fluffy stuff that takes the place of good quality fish. I had the yellowtail and spicy tuna on their soft opening, amazing! I will be back often!!
1	Terrrrrible service. Just terrible. Which is sad because I'm all about supporting local places.I went here on a Sunday afternoon for late lunch/early dinner with my husband, his mother and his grandmother. I know 3:30 is an odd time to show up expecting food, and I know they are a brand new restaurant, but this was inexcusable.First of all, we are seated indoors and someone gives us menus that have huge swaths of the menu crossed out with green sharpie. Apparently about half of the menu, you can't order from. When our waiter comes, she has her hair in a dirty, unwashed looking ponytail and she's wearing an oversized ASU t-shirt , not really a wonderful first impression. She asks our drink orders. My mother in law asks if they have Vietnamese-style coffee - the waiter says "yes". Well, when it comes out, it is just drip coffee with cream. She should have just been truthful and said she didn't know what Vietnamese-style coffee was.The next part I was the sole witness for, because I was the only one facing the bar. When we asked for a lemon to put in one of our waters, I watched as the waitress took a butter knife, nudged a lemon off the edge of a used water pitcher, and put it on a plate and brought it to us. Sloppy, sloppy, sloppy!Then, another waiter came to explain the sushi of the day to us, and he was loudly punching his fist into his hand as he talked. It was right next to my ear and it was really annoying.We decided to leave after that, because everything we had been looking forward to trying had been knocked off the menu anyway. We won't be back.
4	5 star food with 3 star service!  This restaurant is very new to the downtown Phoenix scene, but still a lot of kinks need to be worked out at this place!    I definitely recommend the edamame and the lemongrass chicken...delicious!  I will definitely be back in a few months and hope the service has improved.
4	Come for the creative reuse of pallets; stay for the personal sized hammocks. And the 20-or-so beers on tap.I was walking back the to train after picking up some baby kale and noticed the hammocks and thought, "What a crazy random happenstance!" After ordering a beer, employee Stephanie and I sat in two of those hammocks while she went over the menu. It's Japanese and Vietnamese inspired, but not all the items are currently available. Their soft opening was the 15th and I think they're still looking for their groove. Nonetheless, the "heart attack" was a jalapeno delight. Stuffed with crab and deep fried: Goodness! The octopus was a tad chewy, but I love octopus so I ate it. I want to go back for the pho. And to work my way through the beer selections.
4	This young and budding restaurant is primed for great weather.  The open concept bar feels like it's been plucked straight from San Diego.  They have a great selection of craft beers on tap with local wines to boot.Given the soft opening, they are still running friendly and timely service. They have an interesting concept of sushi and Vietnamese food out of the same kitchen.  Only thing that could top the Pho and hand roll duo would be a Pu Pu Platter.  The sushi bar is kicking out at full capacity, but still adding to the Vietnamese.Have eaten here twice and been happy with the quality for the dishes.  Have tried the Lemongrass Chicken, Vermicelli with egg rolls, Fried Rice with pork, and the Pandora roll.  Will definitely be back to try the hammock chairs on the patio.
3	This review is only regarding the beer selection as it's the only thing I had:What's with all the pale ales? I like how MUCH you have on tap, but would it hurt to branch out for those of us who don't like (actually, hate) pale ales?
4	I just picked up some pho ga from Pallets for dinner tonight. I called, ordered it to go, and it was ready about 15 minutes later....perfect! They pack the pho up nicely in 3 separate packages, broth/chicken, noodles, and toppings (very hot jalapenos...just what I like, bean sprouts, lemon, a sweet/spicy sauce, basil, and some other herb that was really good). When I got home, the pho was still steaming hot. I put aside half of it in a separate container for lunch tomorrow, and the half I had was plenty of food for dinner. The pho was really good....I haven't had pho so good since living in Seattle. It beat the pants off of Rice Paper (whose pho had no flavor at all). The broth of this pho was just the right amount of oniony to be delicious. Seeing as I live walking distance from this place and it has a nice looking bar, I think I just might become a regular!
4	I completely agree with another reviewer that said 5 star food with 3 star service. I have been here 3 times since it opened just a few weeks ago and each time I've been the food has been incredible. Some of the best sushi in phoenix the Rainbow roll is a must try and it's hard to beat the craft beer selection they have. I just can't wait for a few months down the road when their service is running a little smoother.
4	Decent tasting authentic Vietnamese food right in the heart of Phoenix.One extra star because its right next to my school I ordered the pho dac bite large and a banh mi combo, everything was on point.The ambience and decor was unique.I will be back to try more things.
5	GOOD FOOD! I like that there's different kinds of Asian food all at one place. Interesting atmosphere as well.
5	Amazing addition to the downtown Phoenix restaurant scene. I love the food, the staff is attentive and helpful.The sushi ROCKS!!!! I've been at least ten times since they have opened. love LOVE love this place. Great job Pallets!!!
3	Hubby and I were super excited to check out this place but close to 1hr later and our food order is no show! Did I mentioned this is our second visit? Yup first visit they had no Vietnamese sandwich bread? Come on making it super hard to give good rating :(
3	Parking is tricky, only accessible from 1st St and it's a good 30 yards from the entrance, separated by another building.-Good (not amazing) sushi. Looking forward to trying out the other Asian dishes. -Love the motto, of who I assume was the owner, "If you don't like it, I'll eat it."-Downtown Phoenix needs more places like this.
1	Food and service was good, but we couldn't avoid the fruit flies everywhere. They were landing on our food, on our chopsticks and drowning in our beers. Ewwww!I hope they fix the bug issue soon!
4	I've been wanting to try this place for a few weeks now. The location is great and from pictures they post on Facebook, the sushi looked great. The beer on tap selection spans a wide variety of choices, which I loved. The sushi was good, probably the best Vegas roll I've had in Phoenix.There were just a couple of things that threw me off. The music choice did not seem to fit the ambiance very well, which I didn't like. Also, the seating outside was so spread out that it was a little awkward to be out there at all. Our server was very attentive and provided good service, but  much like the music, the way she was dressed didn't seem to fit in very well with what the general ambiance of the restaurant was aiming for.Overall, it was good and I will definitely go back. Although, I might wait a month or two for some of the new-restaurant kinks to wear off.
1	Went to Pallets on a Friday night (4/12) excited at the prospect to 1) try out a new place in the arts district and 2) have a hot bowl of noodle soup. We got to choose where to sit on any of their 3 patios, and menus were handed out. A server came by and took our drink orders, a Pinot for me, and an IPA for a friend (originally wanted a Malbec but was told they were out, no big) oddly enough service stopped there.My friend and I while waiting for our drink orders as well as perusing the menu overheard the next table over being told by their server that of the 50 items on the Vietnamese menu only 3 items remained. Hearing that my friend and I started to feel uneasy about our experience at the resto. As we sat unsure where to go to next, another server came by to assist us, it's interesting that our original server did not bother to bring our drink orders or assist us further (that's a star for that). I then asked the (second) server if what we had overheard was true and he confirmed that their whole Vietnamese section was out and then proceeded to tell us that we could still order from their Japanese section without batting an eye. That pretty much sealed the deal for us in which I replied that if I had an intention to get myself sushi that evening I could have done so by going to Moira around the corner (so that's another star off) and I must say that my overall experience was marred because of the dishonesty of their host staff for not being forthright with their limited menu and seating us (a star off for that) and finally who runs out of food?! I've been to quite a good number of very popular Vietnamese restos in Phoenix like Da Vang, Little Saigon, Saigon Pho to name a few and even during their really busy periods, not once have I been told they have run out of certain item (so another star off). I really wanted  to give Pallets a chance that evening and had every intention to but I guess it wasn't meant to be. Will I give it another chance? I'm not sure about that.
2	I really wanted to enjoy this place. The good: The decor is fun. And the servers are so kind, and even attentive, despite the conditions in which they're forced to work. Really. They're superb. The 2 stars up there are entirely for them. To the owners: Help them help you.And i'm afraid that's it for the positives.The bad:Generally speaking it feels like no one is in charge or that this is the first time the owners have run a restaurant. When you first arrive you are left to find your own seat. That works in some places, but Pallets needs a host stand and a host(ess). This will give a level of defense between the uncontrolled steady stream of customers and the overworked wait staff. It also communicates an element of control over the situation to the customers. When you tell me to sit anywhere I want, you might think it gives me some independence in my decision, but it's just forcing me to work against your broken system to find the least inconvenient seat.Which brings me to my next suggestion: more wait staff and clearly defined sections. Each time I've been there the staff seems like they're managing the entire restaurant. And while I appreciate a team approach (much like Windsor) I never got the feeling that any one server was owning my table's experience. The kitchen. Each time I've eaten at Pallets I've dined with a companion and each time one dish comes up significantly earlier than the other. And each time the runner had no idea who ordered what. There is clearly a timing issue in the kitchen.The food. It's okay. I don't have anything negative to say about it but I also don't have anything really superb to say about it. I wasn't blown away. But that's okay. It' doesn't have to be amazing if the rest of the experience made up for it. But it doesn't. You can't have a disorderly restaurant and just okay food. If the food was amazing it would be worth the inconvenience. (See: The NY soup nazi, or the long wait's at Matt's Big Breakfast.)So there's my constructive criticism. I'll try again in a few months and hope they've improved.However I do have one ranting complaint.. the single element that absolutely drives me crazy about this place... and I can confidently say I won't be coming back until it's gone... the DJ. Why is it that every time I just want to go have a nice piece of sushi I have to feel like I'm in a night club? I could barely hear my friend speaking to me. And why would I want to relax in a hammock with a DJ blaring into my ear five feet away? I don't get it and I don't like it. Save the restaurant some money and just play some music over the house PA.
4	Service was shotty but seeing that its brand new I wont let that deter my vote. Food was really good Great craft beer selection Sit in the hammock chairs for suredog friendly
3	I am still out on this one. I'd love to give it 2 1/2. Yes, there are LOTS of flies and they need to do something about it (upside down 2 liter bottles with sugar water?).  It's annoying but I like the look of the place. The menu was sooooo confusing. I am not a huge asian food eating guy, but I couldn't figure out what to order. I finally told my waiter I wanted something with chicken that was spicy. He said I should get the Kung Pao Chicken, so I asked what was in it. He said he'd go check. Ten minutes later another guy came out and asked if I needed anything. I asked again, and he told me. Then he took our order.We also wanted beer and they a few nice crafts there, so I asked about one. He literally said "um, it's dark and it's light." Seriously? I was so annoyed. My lady got her tofu meal and she said it was very good. The service isn't good. The food was tasty. They have good beers, but I'd research online after getting there instead of asking. And be ready for the flies.
1	Other than a nice patio there is nothing to recommend this place. Food is not good. The pork in the vermicelli was fatty and the veggies consisted of iceberg lettuce and a few carrot sticks. The service was incredibly slow and the music so loud we couldn't carry on a conversation. If they want to be a night club go for it but as a restaurant not cool.
3	Walking by, I had no idea it was a sushi restaurant, but I was down to try it. I sat on the patio and enjoyed a nice Woodchuck Cider, a Dragon roll and a California roll. It was too much food for just me, but everything tasted yummy. I would definitely go back- with some friends who could help me eat it all NOM NOM! I gave it 3 stars because of the overall experience, the decor was cool, but not reflective of the food and the servers didn't stand out to me. I did like how there are two different patios and one has swings!
5	The food and the service was great! We liked the atmosphere, the food, and the live music/dj. If you want good tasting Pho, this is the place.
2	I give this place 2 1/2 even though it won't let me give them half stars. Damn you app. The food was decent, the beer selection was pretty great, and the atmosphere was nice. The service though, ohhhh man, I like a friendly staff and people who are obviously making sure you're having a good dining experience, but they took it to a whole new level. My friend and I couldn't go two minutes without someone constantly coming up to us to ask if we wanted anything else or how our food was. Again, all about a friendly staff but it was just silly towards the end. We even made bets on the next person to come up to us and ask us for the 5th time how I same beer was. It got especially awkward when the server (out of the many) brought us our tab and said "here I just need you to sign" and then proceeded to watch us sign out tab, pick up another tables used cups and put them down on our table. I'll give them another chance for the sole purpose that I'm big on supporting local restaurants, but let's get it together.
3	I went here with some friends just for drinks one evening. We sat on the patio and enjoyed the excellent DJ and nice atmosphere. Didn't have any food, but the menu looked good.... I just remember the owner (I think he was the owner) being very chatty and trying to make us laugh.... He made a very racist, anti-Semitic joke -- not funny at all. Pretty creepy, actually.
3	Stopped in during this 100 degree weather for a Vietnamese Iced Coffee and was pleased, I normally come in for a beer or two and have never tried the food. This time I did, and disappointment is an understatement, at least try to make it flavorful, the rice was dry and the BBQ was like jerky. I'll still come in for a beer, but no eats.
2	My boyfriend and I love Vietnamese food and were in downtown Phx for First Friday, we saw this place and figured we'd give it a go. First of all, they clearly have an underage drinking problem as we had to get wristbands in order to drink any alcohol. Strange at a restaurant. The DJ was spinning decent music, but he was not a good DJ in terms of skills. Kept fucking up transitions - I thought Serato made that shit easy? Anyway, we're seated right away, but for a good 10 - 15 min. no one brings us any water or acknowledges us. Finally we flag someone down and just go ahead and put our orders in. It seriously takes like another 5 minutes just to bring us water. It was busy at the bar, but the dining area itself was not packed, mind you. My boyfriend orders Pho, I order a pork vermicelli dish of some sort, something I get often at Viet places. I request peanut sauce instead of the fish sauce, because, well, I fucking love peanut sauce. I will seriously BATHE in that stuff. If I see something has peanut sauce in it, I will order it solely for that reason. So anyway, I make this clear to the server. Our food comes out at a reasonable pace, but I receive fish sauce. I kindly ask for peanut sauce, and the server alerts me it's going to be 15 minutes before I can get peanut sauce. Wait, hold up. You're a Vietnamese restaurant that is out of peanut sauce!? That has literally never happened to me. And I frequent Vietnamese places A LOT. I luh me some noodles and whatnot. I said fine, I'll wait for the peanut sauce and use hoisin sauce in the meantime. 15-20 min. go by and I remind our server I am still waiting. He disappears and comes back to let me know that they are out of it for the evening. So, you lied initially? Alrighty then. I guess you thought I wouldn't want it because of the wait? Did I mention I worship the peanut sauce God? Should've just been honest in the first place. Although, dude, Vietnamese restaurants don't run out of peanut sauce. C'mon now.The food itself was mediocre. My noodles were cooked beyond al dente and my boyfriend told me his Pho was mediocre as well. Prices were about average for that type of food and the servers were nice, plus location is great for people watching, hence it's 2 stars instead of 1.Overall, if something stood out here I would've mentioned it and given it a better rating. However, a very bland and irritating experience overall. Especially when PHO motha fuckin' THANH is not far away on 17th Ave and Camelback and is far, far more awesome. Cheaper prices and better food. And they have an endless supply of peanut sauce. Amen.
2	I'd give this place 2.5 stars if I could.  I was excited about this new development.  Two new restaurants in my neighborhood - oh boy!  And more importantly, another option for sushi!  Unfortunately, it needs a little improvement.The good:1. Beer selection.2. Outside patio is pretty cool.3. Bar tender is friendly and attentive.The not so good:1. Sushi.  Nothing wrong with it, just a lot of rice and nothing special.2. Cleanliness.  The men's restroom looked like the urinals hadn't been cleaned since they opened. 3. Service.  Witnessing the service (our bar tender was good), but for the diners, didn't appear to be so good.4. Who does happy hour between noon and 5pm during the week?
2	Meh. Lot of hype around this place, but I was underwhelmed with the food. The decor is really nice, and a great location but overall I wouldn't come back except for their extensive beer on tap.I ordered:Squid Salad - not bad, not great.Sake Nigiri - salmon was not fresh too much riceSpicy Tuna Roll - tuna mix wasn't fresh and zero flavorTo top it all I asked for Nigori Sake. The server didn't know what it was since apparently they only have WARM sake. Not much of a Japanese restaurant.
5	The vermicelli dishes are bomb and the staff is awesome.
2	Pallets needs a bit of work. The decor is fun, but I could've done without MMA on the TV. That said, the service was fine, the tea was fine, and my pork fried rice was decent. The egg rolls were also decent. Two of my friends were more than a bit disappointed with their dishes; one was severely lacking in substance (where "vegetables" meant literally a piece of lettuce and cucumber) and the pork with fried egg and steam rice was very light on the pork.The outside patio is pretty nice, and again, the people were nice and attentive. Honestly, I'd like to rate closer to 2.5, but it just wasn't fantastic.
2	I went back for dinner.  Ordered $70 worth of sushi including the sashimi sampler, spider roll and backed scallop roll.  The sashimi was fair; however, the two rolls were  sub-par.  Both rolls relied heavily on mayo-heavy imitation-crab salad that overwhelmed the soft shell crab and scallops, respectively. I'm open to trying to trying their other asian food, but for sushi it's worth the drive to Hana or Yasu.
5	I live really close by and have tried Pallets quite a bit. At first it was just okay, but as they get their groove so to speak everything has gotten better. Sushi rolls seem tighter and fresher. Edamame is more tender. The staff is very friendly. The only thing that isn't a plus for me is the alcohol prices. This isn't New York. $7 for a well drink seems outrageous. Is it just me? Hoping they extend Happy Hour until 7pm or something, otherwise I'll be drinking at Bliss/Rebar and walking over for food afterwards. Overall, try it out. Sit outside in the hammock chairs weather permitting. PS. Sashimi Salad with a side of rice is a great choice!
4	I've enjoyed both of my visits here so far.  The staff is friendly, there is always a good amount of people hanging out and their unagi is really good.  I wish they had some udon though, I really would like to find a place close to home that has good udon...
4	We stopped here specifically for drinks and to check out what was here since the Canvas building has been empty and desolate for so long.What we found was a quiet little Japanese restaurant complete w/ sushi bar. When we walked in we were told that we could sit anywhere. We chose a small table inside since the outside bar window werent open. Along w/ their extensive food menu, they offer a good selection of beer, w/ some local flavor splashed in, and sake.I love what theyve done w/ recycled wood in this place. Its everywhere. It looks really good and not at all pretentious. The bathrooms remind me of something out of a low budget horror movie though. Mind you, they were clean, the individual "stalls" are just very long and the doors go all the way to the floor w/ a light switch inside. Just go check it out, youll see exactly what I mean.We had a great hour or so here before we decided it was time to resume our crawl. The staff was very friendly, one guy even kept coming over and razzing my friend for rooting for the Spurs.Id definitely recommend this place for drinks, but hey try the food too! Let me know how it is since we'd already eaten.
3	Waitress was average, food was decent.  If you're a vegetarian, be sure to ask questions when you order.  Even though I mentioned that I was I was a vegetarian, she neglected to tell me the egg roll had pork in it.  Luckily I kept hounding her for all the ingredients as we were ordering, lol.  The staff was kind enough to sub out the egg roll for fried tofu.  The DJ was incredible!  Nice mix of dance music, pop and old school hip-hop.  That was the best part of the experience.  Perfect place to stop off in between walking around on First Fridays!  First Friday menu is limited so keep that in mind!
5	I love that it's Vietnamese and Japanese food all at the same place! I get the pho noodles and a caterpillar roll and leave satisfied. Good stuff!
4	Your sushi is above average and I like $2.50 Rolling Rocks.  Please stop messing with the volume while I'm watching UFC.
5	Very good sushi! And KC the bartender is awesome!!
5	A chill place to hang out for food and drinks. Decor was excellently unique. The bathrooms are intriguing. The owner talked with us and made great drink and food recommendations - including some sweet sake. My party got messy with crawfish and took some fun pictures with our food. Warning - spicy is spicy, but they also can do not spicy. The sushi salads were nicely prepared. Fresh, simple, and delightful. Their viet noodle dishes weren't too bad either - always good when drenched with fish sauce. :) I'd come here again for a kick-back evening out.
1	Was here last night, briefly. The server did not take orders in the order that people got there which was frustrating! We waited about 20 minutes and then left.The crowd is very young, the music is typical club stuff and it has the feel of a 12 year olds party where they found their parents liquor. Very disorganized, would not recommend for a bar.  I have not tried their food yet.
5	Other sushi downtown doesn't compare. Good happy hour and worth the price, unlike Moira and Squid Ink.
4	I came here for lunch and instantly decided on the pho. With the first fall-feeling day, there was something about chicken and noodles and soup that seemed just... so... perfect to me I couldn't resist! The pho didn't disappoint me! The broth was savory and delicious, and the basil and peppers were very crisp and fresh. I thought the pho was less spicy than others I've had out and about, but with the chili paste added in (about three spoonfuls) I got a bit of zest, but not quite the heat I hope to have on an exquisitely cold day, but just enough for a fresh fall afternoon! Our server was friendly and helpful, but even though it was slow in the dining room, we had to wait to pay the bill - in fact, my friend took our tab up to the sushi counter to get a chef's attention so we could settle and leave. She was otherwise on top of everything, and based on how well she managed every other aspect with attentiveness, I assumed she was busy multi-tasking something in back. This place is super cute though, and I will come back again.
5	Just had the pho and it was excellent! Some of the best I have had in Phx. The environment is brilliant as well, chill music in the background while you take in the art district vibe...
1	I hated this place. My waitress, after admitting she was new, forgot our appetizers and also that she was the only person staffed for a Saturday night?  So my questions remained unanswered, my quite obviously previously frozen white tuna was soggy and spongy, the salmon was slimy, the waitress was uneducated on her product and clearly spread to thin across the 7-10 tables present, and I got all of this for the bargain of $50 dollars of my own hard earned cash (also as a waitress)! It's pretty clear that whomever is running this place spent too much on decor to be concerned with not only staffing, but training as well, and does nothing to make new guests seem welcome. Poor girl was the only person I saw working in this place. It's rather new so I hope they work out the kinks, but I wouldn't be surprised if the place was closed in 2 months. I'm one and done myself...
2	I came back and ordered the broken rice dish with BBQ pork and egg roll and a banh mi sandwich.. I don't know what I was thinking, when i came here a few months back. The banh mi was not as good as I remembered it to be. the bread was stale, no crunch what so ever. The meat inside was lacking flavor, not only was it lacking flavor but they were very stingy on the meats. The broken rice dish was horrible! The bbq pork was so dry that it tasted like pork jerky. I don't know how they prepared it but it was so chewy and hard. The fish sauce tasted like they put beer in it.. Not only did the food taste bad, the serving was so small! Sadly, I will not be coming back.
5	Love this place! Ask for ashly! She is a great server and knows her product. love the foood!
5	The sushi and curry is awesome. I think they have only been open for 6 months so they need to adjust a few things. They need heaters for the patio and also I love Sake bombs. Disappointed that when you order a sake bomb they give you a small bottle of beer with it. Charge an extra dollar and get the bigger bottles like every other sushi place. Other than that great draft selection and friendly staff.
5	I like pho in here. Very light and fresh
1	I had great hopes for this place but I was very disappointed by very foul smelling and tasting oysters, followed by mediocre chow main and fried rice. A place that tries to cater to many cuisines usually would fail at being good at any cuisine.
5	Contrary to some of the previous reviews, I think that this place is absolutely great! The venue itself has a lot of character and provides a nice atmosphere to dine in as well as casually sip on drinks in a bar/sushi bar setting.The food in particular has a very unique fusion for many of the Asiatic countries, providing dishes for any patron to enjoy. I am personally fond of their combination Vietnamese sandwich. IMHO it is the best sandwich in Phoenix. Fresh cilantro, pickled veggies and a sizable amount of grilled beef, pork and chicken. Their soups are right on the money- however, from experience it is much better when eaten there rather than ordered for pick up. They have come a long way since opening with their happy hour options, and have a good variety of beers on tap. Some remodeling seems to be in process with a separate libations bar next to the beer 'island' bar, and an area offset for those who wish to smoke! Having seen some staff turnover, it seems management is getting their act together of having good servers and bartenders. But what I am most excited for is the prospect of having a new live music venue to watch shows and local artists perform! According to their public notice- they have received zoning approval by the city to host more shows, later in the evening! Given its location, it's odd how more people don't frequent this place. Granted, with competitors who have a strong following very close by, it shows that the only thing missing from Pallets is a distinguishing factor that makes them unique! I think with the pursuit of their new music platform, the crowd following is only going to rise!! If I could have given it 4 and a third or 4 and a half stars I most likely would have, but in the end the sandwich takes the cake. Sooo delicious. TL;DRAwesome restaurant with delicious food and good drink specials, in an up and coming area of metro Phoenix. Paired with a unique atmosphere, excellent location and ample space, Pallets has a lot going for them and the opportunity to grow seems on par with the area. The only thing missing to make this a solid 5stars is a crowd. It's nice going out to a lively place to meet new people, but the following just isn't there yet. I don't doubt that come a year from now the place will have found their core patrons and the jovial atmosphere will follow.
1	Alright, here we go. Pallets at Canvas : blech, my stomach cringes and turns to even waste my time writing a review for this place, but if you are a casual passer by or visiting the area you deserve to know the truth. First the good: The location. I mean really it is a good location, 3rd & Roosevelt I mean come on. (That's all I have on the good).The Bad: The location - I know I know, that was supposed to be good. But really, what the location really is, is sooooo typical. My biggest complaint about Pallets is how 'On purpose' it is. Its too perfectly located at the corner of 3rd and Roosevelt, not first, not 4th and just south, but perfect. God only knows what some venture capital investment company who owns this place paid for that spot. That alone rubs me the wrong way and makes feel gross for even going there once. The distressed look. Listen, this place is super new, yet the sign of the building, the wood inside, the concrete floors are all distressed like some lame @$$ 10K grandfather clock. The bike racks outside... Ugh don't get me started. Listen, its Downtown Phoenix. We get it, the bike culture exists and is growing. Post-hipsters with their brand new bought all put together fixies, Sunday Funday crowds on their beach cruisers etc.. But instead of just putting a bike rack out front you have to have them built into the shape of bicycles, then painted bright neon colors so that from afar way off people can see, "ooh this is cool place to ride bikes too." I feel like puking even thinking about them. The food: Neo Asian fusion with bits of Sushi inspired by Japan, Korean food, and some obvious Thai choices. The problem here again is its so obvious. People that love thai food, I mean really love it don't get Pad Thai! People that love Korean food, like really love it don't get Steak and Broccoli, and people that love Sushi don't American Rainbow Rolls.So if you're visiting do not sold on the location, use Yelp to help you find some real gold mines in fabulous downtown Phoenix, there are plenty, but skip this joint just like I will be forever as well.
2	Tried this food last night, sat there for 15 minutes before a waiter spoke with us/ acknowledged us. We were given a laminated sheet with sushi roll names by the person who sat us, it looked like we were supposed to check the ones we wanted off with a dry erase marker, however we didn't get one.... And being first time customers, it would be nice to know the descriptions of what's actually in the "Las Vegas" roll or "wave runner". A young man then approached us and asked us if we wanted something to drink, I finally felt a bit acknowledged (it was Friday evening and I was thirsty!) but when I asked him if there was a drink menu he simply asked me "well what do you want to drink?" I told him I didn't know because I didn't know what was available!It felt like an endless circle of disappointment. The only reason we didn't leave and that I'm giving the place 2 stars is because the waitress we eventually got (I should have caught her name but she was a short Latina lady) she was amazing! Very attentive and checked in on us often. Gave her a good tip, I hope she got to keep it because her coworkers sucked.Food wise- eh. I got stomach pains but the Vietnamese sandwich was pretty good considering I hadn't had one in so long!One last thing, the bathroom is a little weird, sink is in a hallway (where servers are always walking in and out) and the floor was flooded/ super slippery... That's a lawsuit waiting to happen. Probably won't go back....at least I got a nice beer.. Eventually. Lol.
4	I have been curious about this place since it opened.  It's got a killer location right on 3rd and Roosevelt.  The restaurant has a nice industrial/distressed sort of design.  The staff was very friendly and helpful with the somewhat disjointed menu.  All of my lunch companions ordered Vietnamese dishes.  I ordered Sesame Chicken from the Chinese menu, and a California roll.  Boring, I know, but sort of my litmus test for these sorts of places.  All of my friends enjoyed the pho they got, as well as the spring rolls.  The peanut sauce was delicious.  My Sesame Chicken was among the best I've had in Phoenix, and there was nothing heinous about my California roll.  The food was good, the price was reasonable, the service was quick and friendly.  I'll be back for sure.
2	They should not be serving Pho on their menu. I wanted to like this place Mso I went back to give it another shot because they are open til 10 and serve pho. (Most Vietnamese places don't stay open past 8:30) the servers (both times) were very nice and attentive. The pho was just not right. In any way. The "rare" beef is not rare, it's actually so over done it's too chewy to eat. I literally couldn't even swallow this beef, it was like chewing on rubber. The broth is not how pho is really made, it tastes like a powdered mix or something. The noodles didn't even seem quite right. Maybe it's because the broth was watery and just bland. I've had the pho twice now ... It was not just bad. It was just not Pho. I won't be back for the pho.
4	Really enjoyed the atmosphere of this place for Lunch. Can't wait to try it for Dinner and late night.
3	We came for dinner one night and sat at the patio bar. The service was great and everything we had was good.
4	Went here on a first Friday, so it was really busy, but overall not bad! I was lame and got the lemon chicken, but it was good! A friend got the sushi and said it was some of the best in Phoenix! Great environment and fun atmosphere! Our waitress wasn't the most friendly, but I'm going to attribute it to it being so busy.
3	The food was delicious. The walk in atmosphere and outside set up was cool especially with the breeze we had going on today. The service was meh. The dumb blonde sat us down and then left. We had to get our own menus. Our waiter was efficient but not very personable.  I wish they served more than just Sapporo (give choices of other Japanese beer) with the sake but whatever. I had a gift certificate and the only reason I checked in on yelp was because they said to for fifteen percent off. But then he said I couldn't do both. Even though gift certs should be viewed as cash. I still tipped twenty percent based on the whole check amount so don't even go there. I have a second gift cert there but I might just give it away. Idk I noticed another party had to ask for menus too. It's supposed to be full bar but the lady next to us kept getting rejected on what type of mixed drinks she could order. Hu?
1	.
1	With such incompetent, careless service that can get only be masked by alcohol, the ONLY thing this place is good for is for having drinks at the bar.
2	Its been over a year now since I would first come to Pallets, and it has only gotten worse. Broken plastic bar stools, half of the tap selection they used to have, disaster of a liquor selection, and a strange new room that is supposedly under construction. Where did the swings go? :( Check-in and you get 15% off... Sure! Show your next Yelp review to your server and get 10% off... This is actually printed on the back of their menu? Seems like bribery to me. We sat at the bar, and our bartender Amy leaned against the POS while I yelled our food order over the music, instead of coming over to take the order. As if we were inconveniencing her. She then complains to the bar guests about getting stiffed, how she apparently works for free, and has been there all day. (Worded politely) We all have those days, but that is not how the service industry works. Save it for closing when customers aren't around to hear you complain about the place we are trying to spend our money at. Key word, trying. My friends and I wanted to get our food,finish our drinks and close out ASAP! I get it, the sloppy beer/liquor selection, tacky misspelled menus and broken furniture is not her fault, but the extremely awkward and uncomfortable dining/drinking experience was. As always, I enjoyed the sushi and pup friendly patio. And the polite and accommodating food runner/server guy!That makes for 2 stars, instead of one.
4	4 stars for exceptional service! My waitress was so friendly and welcoming, wish I would remember her name. I ordered the pad Thai, which had a different sauce than I was used to but I love that it had way more veggies than your standard dish. Bell peppers, onions, mushrooms, broccoli, carrots, and more. I love their peanut sauce! Their spring rolls could use more shrimp, less sprouts, but the mint is a nice touch. Their sushi is pretty good too, and they've got solid lunch specials and happy hour deals.
4	Lovely place to enjoy the fine Phoenix weather as their patio is killer. We lingered over a long lunch on a Saturday, enjoying very pleasant service by Megan. This is a people watching place. It certainly was during lunch, I can only imagine during nighttime fun.With our Yelp check-in we scored a sweet 15% off our bill (excluding alcohol). The edamame was a generous sized portion and the regular rolls (spicy tuna and california) were filling. Our party was lucky to nab a picnic table, which seats 4 to 6 adults. Pallets provides copious overhead coverage which is nice. We were able to enjoy being outside, without melting. I'm not sure if there are misters by the bar area or not. But we were quite comfortable in the shade.We parked behind the restaurant. It's good to know there's a destination for four-wheeled modes of transportation (if you're coming from outside of the downtown area).Oh! And they were serving PBR :)Two bucks. Can't beat that for a draft.
3	Well this time the service was on point (although there were people waiting to order and waiting for their order for a long time). However, the food tasted like it had been sitting there for awhile. Ain't nothing worse than when the rice in your sushi is hard. But my daughters ate all their California rolls and I forced down the rainbow roll (the presentation was pretty). They were "out of" fried rice. WHAT? That makes no sense.  The seaweed salad was interesting as I had never had it before. I wish they would offer low sodium soy sauce. The kids' chicken nuggets were huge and my daughters barely touched them. I made my own sake bomber by ordering Kirin Ichiban and a side of sake. I saw one lady return her mixed drink for a wine. My girls thoroughly enjoyed the little hammocks hanging in the front. (Ok, no lie, so did I.) The little girl waitresses were cute and sweet. Might go again, but it won't be my first choice for dining.
1	Myself and two friends came here to only get terrible service, comically bad. Our appetizer showed up two hours after we ordered it, after we had eaten our meal, and after we had asked to cancel it. And they still charged us for it. Almost none of the adult beverages on the menu were available.We all got food poisoning too. Baffled this place is still open.
2	The last two times have been less than enjoyable. First there was a problem with the kitchen and they could only make sushi and that was fine. Tonight there was an emergency and they didn't have a cook, so it was sushi only again. The person making sushi was taking pictures with his phone while wearing gloves, and would go back to touching the food. It's a cool place to drink, but I won't eat there again.
4	I work at the AZ Center and thought I would try Pallet during my lunch break. Ordered the BQ Steak Sandwich. Great flavor, wasn't over or under cooked and the meat was very tender. Very well done by the chef. Reading all recent and latest reviews and I just can't help from noticing, since The Local restaurant next door just opened, there as been more of negative review on the Pallet from recent past history reviews which Pallets has been receiving.  HOW IRONIC!! ALL Restaurants will have good and bad reviews but please  owners don't get friends to negatively review a restaurant because they are your competitors. The Pallet could do things better like most restaurants All in All its a Very Good Restaurant
2	I went to Pallets for lunch because I saw on their website that they have Happy hour prices "All Day Friday and Saturday". I asked to see the happy hour menu when I sat down and the waitress told me it wasn't happy hour time. I told her about the website saying it's all day Friday and Saturday but she said that wasn't right and that the computer wouldn't let her put in happy hour prices. HUGE PROBLEM. And the owner wasn't present to address this issue, which is also weird for a new restaurant. Despite my better judgement, I stayed and ate. I ordered the crab wontons and the Las Vegas Roll (pictured). The crab puffs were mostly cream cheese, I couldn't taste/see any crab. For $5.99, I expect to be given more than a wonton wrapper filled with cream cheese. The wontons came with some sort of indistinguishable, lack luster cream sauce that was less than sufficient to rescue the wontons.The Las Vegas role was beautifully plated, and well made (props to the sushi chef). The second star is because of this roll. However, it wasn't enough to rescue the meal, which cost 3x more than it should have if they had honored what is advertised on their website.TL;DR- don't count on happy hour prices all day Friday or Saturday. Spent your money elsewhere.
5	Enjoyed a delicious lunch during their happy hour. Ordered their sashimi sampler and a few sushi rolls. The food was excellent and prepared very quickly. The service was great, especially since we were a picky bunch. Overall the ambiance, food and service was impeccable.
5	Really love this place. Great atmosphere. Mitch, the manager, went above and beyond to make sure we had everything we needed. We fell in love with this place back in February when we stumbled upon it. We live 25 miles from here and have been trying to get back here for months. Multiple patios and indoor outdoor bar make it easy to find your groove.
5	I have been coming here for a few months now and every time my boyfriend and I love the place more and more. Great location and amazing patio is only the beginning. The food (esp sushi and Pho) are delicious and reasonably priced.  Furthermore, service is awesome. Justin, by far our favorite bartender, makes his speciality drinks that are seriously some of the best in town. My boyfriend claims Justin's spicy Bloody Mary is the best he has ever had!  I love his strawberry basil martini. I love supporting friendly local businesses and this is def one that completely earns a 5 star rating!
4	A great sushi happy hour menu with good drafts to choose from! They forgot to give us silverware or napkins... and the staff stood around and chatted at each other rather than pay much attention to us that were dining.Will return to give another chance, but only slightly optimistic about getting better service!
5	My wife and I new to the area and we actively been searching out places in Phoenix. This place has quickly become our favorite spot to go to whether it be a Monday or Saturday night. The sushi is some of the best I've ever had. What makes it better is that you get it for a steal! You can get rolls for under $10 that would normally be $40 on the east coast. The drinks I would say are about average price for the area. The thing that really makes this place standout and biggest reason we comeback so often is the incredible service. The bartender Justin is easily the best bartender I've ever had and a true hospitality expert. He is efficient & quick with drinks. Sharp memory too. His greatest attribute is the way he uses his charisma and people savvy skills to make everyone laugh and feel at home. Always quick with a joke or hilarious stories to keep you entertained for hours. Anytime we host friends from out of town this will always be at the top of the list.
2	Waited thirty minutes for service. Then they told us we can only order drinks outside so they moved us in.  Then we waited another 20 minutes.  No one acknowledged us.  Guy next to us left.  Mind you n they aren't very busy.  And they can't spell either.  It is " pallet. "  walls look nice n all covered in pallets.  For what it's worth.  Yeah it's not worth anything.
2	Honestly, not a huge fan. It was a cool-ish atmosphere but service took forever. It was really busy. Granted this could have been because of first Thursday, but it was still a little ridiculous that they seemed to only have 1 and at some points 2 bar tenders on hand. I'd like to give this place a better review, but I was honestly just not impressed.
1	Went with 2 other people, got seated but never had a sever come to the table.  Sat there for 30 minutes before we got up and left.  What a joke this place is! There were maybe 5 other tables occupied so it was not busy at all.  Will not be back!
5	We came in late and were greeted and served by Grayson, he was very nice and accommodating, we had the reverse happy hour calamari and Kung Pao chicken and lemon chicken, food was good, service was great.. Will be back!
5	I had a great experience here and was very impressed! Our server Justin was very nice and helpful. I will be back! Delicious food! Great atmosphere! Also all of the government employees get a discount! How humbling!
1	My boyfriend and I wanted a drink and some sushi and decided to check out Pallets because it's very close to our home. Being on Roosevelt Row we had high expectations for this restaurant but those hopes were dashed. Right away we were quite unimpressed with their paper menus that were stained presumably with food and drinks. At the time we went it was happy hour and the happy hour menu was nothing special, especially when they claim to have the "best sushi menu in town." As we checked out the happy hour drinks my boyfriend was pleased to see PBR's for a $1.50 and I was interested in getting there specially cocktail Orange Crush (Crabbies Ginger Beer, lime, and vodka I believe) but as it so happened they were out of both drinks. I mean if this is your so-called "specialty" drink you'd like you'd stock up enough ingredients to make it, but I guess not. We opted to get a Screwdriver and a vodka and Sierra Mist for $5 each, only to have the Sierra Mist taste very flat. Next we order some sushi, a spicy tuna roll for $5 on happy hour and a yellow tail himachi roll. The yellow tail roll tasted good but the spicy tuna roll was totally overpowered by whatever spices they used. Needless to say Pallets was not what I expected. Next time I have a sushi craving I'll be going somewhere else!
1	Thought I would give this place a try again. The server made me think he was giving me the happy hour beer but instead it was a draft that was 6.50 instead of the 2 dollar draft special. I feel dumb. Plus you drink a 6.50 beer out of a glass. Sushi quality has decreased as well. It was served warm which was weird.
5	The #19 - Vermicelli Bun Thit nuong Cha Gio was delicious!  We also enjoyed deep fried and steamed pot stickers. The atmosphere was fantastic, so we loved sitting on the patio and talking with our company for several hours!  The service was impeccable, and we can't wait to go back again!
4	This is a great neighborhood spot for fresh, well-priced sushi and decent pho.  Although it's not the most authentic pho and doesn't come with quite as many mix-ins as some of the other joints in the avenues, the broth has great flavor.  Bun is also good, although not as good as at some of the other more expressly Vietnamese restaurants in the Valley.  The egg rolls are passable but, again, not the best in the Valley.  Decent beer list and the menu offers a wide range of types of Asian food and sushi rolls, as well as nigiri and sashimi.  The atmosphere is pleasantly eclectic, with benches mixed in with tables and a simple patio set-up.  A great downtown eatery for a casual Asian bite.
2	I use to love this place! in the past year I don't know what had happened to it! I never see the manager/ owner person there any time I have gone latley. they got a new sushi person who took an hour and a half to make me 3 rolls and 2 seaweed hand rolls. freaking rediculous! it wasn't even busy! all the sauces to the rolls were in the side. sadly I don't think I'll be coming back anymore.
1	Quite disappointed with Pallets Food & Bar. Was prepared to have a large bowl of Pho, but found the food to be anything but satisfactory.The Pho was over spiced with, mint? Couldn't place the taste of the broth, but it wasn't traditional spices that are typically attributed to Vietnamese food. Not to mention the vegetables that are typically given to add to the broth were spoiled, bruised and mushy.Service was...ok, waitress was inattentive and we were her only customers. Having just moved to the neighborhood it saddens me that I will probably not eat here again.
5	I come here over and over again for the sushi and love it! the poached salmon roll with eel sauce is amazing and the lightly battered California rolls are great! I've never had bad service here, maybe because I come during less busy hours but I've never had a complaint!
2	Went back here again last night.  Had been a little deterred when we tried to come a couple of Wednesdays ago only to find, through the unapologetic and off-putting comment of the alleged owner, that they had closed hours earlier than their Yelp and Yahoo results reflected, but chalked it up to summer hours and a bad night.  When we stopped in yesterday, however, we learned that Pallets recently changed ownership and management and is revamping its menu - and apparently its service.  Although it was our server's first night, she couldn't find the sweet and sour mix after we ordered our initial cocktails (something we found out after waiting long enough for her to search the entire premises with a fine-toothed comb), eventually made my husband a mouth-puckering-ly poor excuse for a whiskey sour, and could barely comprehend our order.  She had to be corrected twice, although she did ultimately get it right (thank goodness we didn't try to ask for any substitutions!).  After the food came out (and we got up to get our own soy sauce), she was very pleasant and attentive and kept our water glasses constantly filled.  The disappointment at that point, however, spread to the food.  To start, octopus tempura was painfully chewy and flavorless.  Having no menu beyond the sushi at this point, we were restricted to rolls and a short list of nigiri and sashimi, none of which was memorable. The three specialty sushi rolls we ordered were duller than we remembered, although the presentation gave us high hopes.  Salmon roe didn't have the same pop or salty goodness we expected after finding it at other Valley locations.  We left several pieces on our plates as we paid the check and left.  It really bums us out that this restaurant is going downhill because it used to be a real neighborhood gem.  Hopefully this is just a transition phase, but we'll have to have a reason to come back to find out.
1	I cannot report on the food. We stopped by for drinks on First Friday. Yes, the bar was busy. I asked if they had grape vodka for my wife and the guy bar tender, who looked like he was going to bust a head vein, rudely said "No, what we have is up on top of the bar. I'll move to this guy while you make up your mind". Gee, thanks guy...like I can see the entire selection on top of the outdoor fridge. I asked if they had bitters behind the bar. Simple request to add to a gin & tonic. He's like, look...what we have is on the flyer (thanks for your premixed jungle juice concoctions). To end this, we left and went to The Local next door. Proper bar and great service, despite being busier than their neighbor.
2	SPOILER ALERT: The music and TV ruined everything! More details at end of review.My husband and I were craving sushi but didn't want to spend much, so we thought this place looked promising. It looks like it has the potential to be really cool. The open-air restaurant with wood pallet-covered walls gave a unique atmosphere. The restaurant is in a prime location, next to lots of great places on Roosevelt -- so we expected it to be on par with these places that we love.Sadly though, we did not enjoy our experience. The sushi was fine -- nothing remarkable, but did the job for the price we paid. The complimentary miso soup was better than some others I've had. We somehow awkwardly ended up with two waitresses, who both didn't seem to know that the other was already taking care of us. One would drop by moments after the other just had. Our first waitress seemed annoyed by us when we told her the second one had just taken our order. We honestly didn't know who was supposed to be helping us!The real downfall though, was the combination of 2-3 different music sources playing different (bad) music at the same time, along with 2 TVs playing different shows with the volume up (neither of which I wanted to watch). The restaurant is pretty small and we were the only ones sitting inside... so we could hear ALL these different media sources at the same time. It was really annoying. At one point, Shaggy (the annoying hip hop guy from the 90s) was playing from one stereo, Backstreet Boys was playing from another, and Bad Grandpa (the Jackass movie) was playing on the TV right above us. PLEASE, do NOT show Bad Grandpa while I'm eating dinner. And limit your music to just one song playing at a time (preferably better music than Destiny's Child and Creed... both of which we also heard).Honestly, this music thing ruined any otherwise positive experience we might have had dining. We were both a bit hungry after our sushi, and probably would've ordered another roll or two at that point. But by the end of our meal, we were so annoyed by the music & Bad Grandpa that we wanted to get out of the restaurant as soon as we could.Again, this restaurant really does have potential to be something great and successful. But the first thing that needs to be fixed is atmosphere - simply by correcting the awful music situation that literally drove us away.
