4	I really like this place.  The massage prices are reasonable, and the staff I've encountered are kind, competent and professional.  PCCHH offers a wide variety of massages and "energy work" like acupressure and Reiki.  Their rooms are pretty quiet, so you don't have to listen to outside noises or other clients while you're trying to relax.  They are located in Regent Square across from Square Cafe.
5	I have been to PCCHH many times and I highly recommend this business. The owner, Nikki Remic-Bannon, has assembled a lovely team of well-trained and compassionate massage therapists and has created a lovely oasis in the middle of bustling Regent Square for your health, healing, and relaxation. Though this is certainly a business, Nikki and her staff make you feel welcome and cared for. I have been to studios where I felt like I was a dollar sign and could tell that the staff were not well-taken-care-of by the studio. That could not be farther from the truth here. I believe that Nikki is in the business for the right reasons and the people who are working for her seem happy and interested in what they are doing and concerned about the clients' health.The two therapists I have seen most frequently are Chris Wright and Rebecca Aqra. Both are lovely people and great massage therapists. Chris can do some really intense deep tissue work (if you want it, of course) and has worked some miracles stretching out my head, neck, and shoulders. I know a lot of women prefer female therapists, but I encourage you to try Chris--he is a consummate professional and I was as comfortable on his table as I have been with any female therapist. Rebecca is a bundle of joyful energy who ferrets out problem spots and comes up with creative approaches to encourage stubborn knots to give in. Their prices are not unfair, but unfortunately, it is the only thing that keeps me from coming on a weekly basis. If you have an injury or problem, or just need a hour of pampering, PCCHH can help you destress and get on the road to healing. I leave every time happy -- happy with the service I received and happy to do business with such lovely, caring people.
5	I have been going to PCCHH for years, and I could not recommend it more highly! I have had massages with all of the people who work there, and they have always been amazing! I have also been getting acupuncture treatments from Andrew MacFarlane and he has helped me immensely. He is able to help with any type of problem, ranging from autoimmune disorders to sleep disruptions, and he is always willing to do extra research to try to help you as much as possible. I had never had acupuncture before seeing him and am now a true convert! If you've never been to this amazing place, try it soon!
5	So I am THE MOST anxious person when getting a massage ever to exist.  I usually never relax because Im worried they will hurt me, do something wrong, or whatever. I went to this place for my prenatal massage (Im 36 weeks) and have gotten massages twice previously at Massage Envy with prenatal experts.  There is NO comparison. Rebecca worked on me yesterday for 90 min and for the first time in my life, I fell asleep! Me and baby felt so great-there are no words to describe the relief I felt. She took time to be gentle in my knotted areas, and deep-tissue where it counted. The bed/massage table was gel foam and water with the right amount of support where I needed it.  She used lavender, which helped relax me tremendously.  Massage envy's performance was sub-par and they cheat you out of minutes and aromatherapy. Plus their bed sucks for prenatal; it had supports that were in the wrong places and the heating pad underneath almost burned me and overall, I was sweating and uncomfortable.  If you're in the pittsburgh area and need TLC, call Rebecca for an appt. its worth every penny!
5	My boyfriend and I have been in a temporary long-distance relationship over the past year as he has been finishing his PhD in Atlanta and I'm working in Pittsburgh.  For his birthday this year, which coincidentally coincided with his final defense of his PhD, I wanted to get him something really special.  As massage was an integral part of our friendship, which budded into a relationship 3 years ago, I decided I wanted us to learn how to massage each other.  Apparently this is a rare request in Pittsburgh!  All of the classes I searched for online were in large groups or were for pregnant couples, and I wanted it to be an intimate celebration with just the two of us.  Enter PCCHH.  The center is offering a new service where a professional teaches a couple several "tricks of the trade" to bring massage into their life and home.  I was, admittedly, a little nervous about the service, but as soon as we got to PCCHH, I knew we had made the right decision.  The space was intimate, warm, and friendly, and the staff had even agreed to host us on a Friday night, starting at 5 PM (which is when they typically close!)  Angie met us and made us feel right at home, giving us multiple different oils to smell and letting us choose between oil, lotion, and cream for learning to massage.  She explained the benefits of everything we went over and made us feel very comfortable.  She demonstrated every move on my boyfriend before letting me try it myself; and she gently course-corrected me when needed.  I was able to learn where to spend my time and energy when massaging him and then he learned about my sore spots and pain points.  We came out of the session completely reinvigorated, because we not only received a massage, but learned how to take care of each other.  Angie and PCCHH considered every detail, from having us learn on the floor so we could easily apply our lessons to a bed (we don't have a massage table at home) to giving us chocolate covered strawberries at the conclusion of the session.  We have practiced what we learned every weekend since we saw Angie and it has done wonderful things for us!  Distance is difficult, and it can make you feel emotionally separate from each other.  Taking the time to practice what we've learned from PCCHH has helped us reconnect and is making the transition to living together here in Pittsburgh much easier.  Thank you, PCCHH--I hope you keep this new service and that other couples from the area benefit from it as we have!
2	My boyfriend wanted to treat me to a nice message for my birthday. First it was difficult to find from the street level. Then when we went up the stairs it was not a very inviting door. As we entered we were greeted and asked to fill out paperwork which is standard. We then waited for at least 15 minutes while the set up the room which has carpet and looks like and old bedroom apartment. We requested a deep tissue message on the paperwork. We entered the room with the girls that were to give us the message. They were dressed in street clothes and not uniforms as it looks on the website. In the introduction we asked about a shower facility. There is not shower to wash off after you get rubbed down with oil. So don't plan on going anywhere after the message. I have never been to a "Spa" that does not have a shower. We took our clothes off in the same room as one another and the beds. As far as the message itself it was not a deep tissue. There were a lot of hot rocks that were oiled and rubbed on us but no messaging of muscles at all. We were very disappointed with our experience. I give them two stars because the rocks were hot....
5	Was in yesterday, Cara was amazing - the establishment and attention was fantastic, highly recommend it - deep tissue massage for an hour. Next time 90minat least
5	I've been to this spa twice now, and both experiences were great. The first time I went I had been having chronic headaches and the massage therapist knew what to do and was able to give me some relief. The second time my husband had gotten a gift certificate for my mom, my sister, and I to get massages. We all wanted to have our appointments at the same time, so unfortunately the first round got cancelled because a therapist called off. Despite that, the customer service was amazing! They were able to accommodate us for another set of appointments despite our limited availability, and even said they would have a back up therapist in case someone called off. They even gave us a gift certificate for our trouble. Everything ran smoothly from there, and we all really enjoyed our massages. We will be back!
5	This place has really been a god-send for my mom. She is battling stage 4 pancreatic cancer and their special treatments for oncology and chemo patients are incredible. Not only do they offer her relaxation, but they lift her spirits to the point that I truly believe it is helping her make it through this. They offer various therapies such as oncology massage, reiki, and cellular expansion which I believe help ease the side effects of chemotherapy. I would recommend these therapies to anyone, not just people battling cancer. They also offer pregnancy massage which is wonderful. I would recommend this place to people of any health level to help maintain health or to get through a hard time. This is definitely a healing environment. One note: it can be a little hard to spot. Look for the board on the street and go up to the 2nd floor. It'll be on your left in Suite B!
