5	Elegant atmosphere and nice presentation of dishes. Sausage and spaghetti has great hearty flavor and chef Gustavo also will do custom dishes as well. He wants everyone to fully enjoy their dish and he is seen out greeting patrons. Good food with him there!!!
4	My favorite Italian/Tuscan food in town.  I think it's far better than Allesia's in Mesa.  The lobster bisque is the best soup I've ever had in my life.  Not expensive, but reasonable priced based on the food quality.  Good wine menu and something for everybody.  Take the fam or make it a special night out with the wife.  This place will accommodate any occasion.
2	Brio used to be my favorite restaurant. Lately the quality and attention to detail have suffered tremendously! I have found a fly in my salad and then last Mother's day I found a long black hair in my eggs Benedict! not to mention chips in many of the plates and cups. Very disappointed.
4	The food is so good. Service was on point Parking is good, only if the mall is not too busy!The food portion was good. I ordered children's plates & they were full. The ticket for 3 adults & 2 kids was around $100.00
1	Filthy, nasty, dirty, gross.  The cleanliness standards I experienced with my glass reminded me of a Texaco latrine. I was served a glass that was disgusting inside, the coup de grace was a 3/4" booger-looking thing that I didn't notice until the diet Coke was consumed below the yellow and black organic mass approximately 1" below the top of the glass.  Upon seeing that vile thing in my drink, I immediately noticed that the rest of the glass was nasty and appeared unwashed before coming back out to me.  I tried to go on with the meal but lost my appetite.  That glass was the most filthy thing I've ever been served in a restaurant or at any meal as far at that goes -and I've lived in Africa where hygiene is a luxury in some places.  I'm still trying to get the image out of my mind and feel sick that I drank from that glass.This indicates a total breakdown in cleanliness standards.  From the dish washer to the soda fountain operator, anyone should have seen that the glass was nasty but failed to do so and served it to me anyway.My wife still enjoyed her meal, and it was 3 stars by itself (pumpkin ravioli special).  We made sure to leave a good tip for our waitress because she did a great job under difficult circumstances.The restaurant didn't charge me for the food I couldn't eat after the nasty; however, they didn't comp us anything for ruining my anniversary lunch.  I try to be gracious when this happens, but wow, that was disgusting.
