5	My husband and I visited Lighting by Erik yesterday and were absolutely blown away with the amount of product in the store! This is the BEST place in Pittsburgh to find lighting. We were in the market for a nice crystal chandelier for our kitchen and had more than enough choices to pick from. We have had a hard time before yesterday finding a nice enough crystal chandelier in town (or getting good customer service from other stores). Also, had the problem of not being able to see merchandise at other places. NOT the case at Lighting by Erik! We worked with one of the owner's and she was a complete joy to work with, and full of passion for her job (a rare find these days)! She took her time, was thorough and made sure we loved what we were buying. Also, very impressed with their selection of fan options. They also have many catalogs with high quality and unique ceiling fans, which was a huge perk for us, wanting something more unique. I highly recommend this store to anyone who has great taste! They also have a fantastic selection of lamps, mirrors, tables and other home decor items. Will absolutely be purchasing from them again. Check it out, you will be impressed.
1	This store will not let you photograph their lighting fixtures. We browsed for a while and found a chandelier we liked, and my husband took a picture of it on his cell phone. The salesclerk told us that was not allowed. We were dumbfounded. We are renovating a house and need a number of light fixtures, plumbing fixtures, etc.-- the only way we can keep track of them all (and check if they actually might look good together) is to photograph everything we're seriously considering. We tried to explain this and the clerk said nope, not allowed. We asked why. She said, "I don't know-- they just don't allow it." Well I bet I know-- they don't want you going online in search of better pricing. But hey, NEWSFLASH-- that's how things work in 2012. I'm not going to drop $1,200 on a chandelier without looking it up online. (For the record, I understand that local businesses aren't usually going to have the lowest price available. I don't mind paying a bit of a premium to support a small business in Pittsburgh that gave me great in-person service. But like hell am I going to spend that kind of money without making sure I'm not getting completely ripped off.)We tried to press further, though-- what about matching finishes or colors to other fixtures? The salesclerk said, "Oh, people just tell us what colors they have in their room and how big the room is and we tell them what works." I'm sorry, but unless you're omniscient, this is not acceptable. The most insulting thing, though, is the clerk telling us "I don't know" about a policy that's so clearly the exception to the local norm. If you're going to have a ridiculous, anachronistic rule, at least have the guts to explain why to customers when they ask.
5	When my favorite lamp stopped working, I went to Lighting by Erik because they were close to my home. I was initially pleased by the private parking lot as parking can be an issue in that area. The service I received was outstanding.. I was told that I could save about $30 by fixing the lamp myself, and was directed to the technicion who quickly showed me the parts and how to do the repair. I was very impressed by his expertise and customer service, and learned he has been doing this for 45 years. They really went out of their way to help me out on the spot, and it made my morning. I was also impressed by their chandelier selection and will definitely visit again to shop.
