5	Dr. Fineberg is one of the most conclusive eye doctors I have ever met. He is so meticulous, his goal is to make sure every patient is fitted with the best set of contacts available. He is a contact lense specialist and his experience in the field proves true.
5	I met the doctor through his son who was my first Assistant Principal and it was really a great find. I am only sorry that I stopped seeing him for few years there in between because Lenscrafters messed up my eyes pretty bad and were cruel to me to boot.  I was thrilled to see Barbara's review because I ---100 percent agree. Dr. Fineberg is outstanding. When he moved away from my neighborhood I stopped seeing him for a while and boy did I ever regret it. Now I am happy to drive the extra few miles. I have had the worse issues at other places and won't be leaving his care any time soon. Dr. Fineberg can diagnose and fit you for contact lenses in like 5 minutes flat. He is a loyal, wonderful family man and a great doctor. Jeremy is the optics guy in the office. He is super sweet, brutally honest, ( Must be a French and NY thing thus why I like him so much) and pretty funny. I always leave with the CORRECT prescription ( Listen up Lenscrafters and Nationwide), no hassle, Foodie tips, ( but I digress) and a smile on my face from the great bedside manner of the entire office staff.  I appreciate the exceptional care my eyes get here. Thank you.
5	Absolutely great place Dr. Fineburg was awesome felt like my grandpa was telling me the in and out of eye care and what he was looking for to make sure my eyes stay healthy in the future... felt like family treated like family
5	This is the best eye doctor I've ever been to, and I've been to many. He is very kind and gentle and genuinely cares about the patient. He relates his own experence to the patients and does everything he can to ensure affordable quality. Within 10 minutes he had my prescription at 20/20, which no other doctor has done before. I was actually told by my previous optometris that I would never have 20/20 vision. I am so glad I found him. I am 110% satisfied with my experience and highly reccomend him to anyone, especially people who have 'special' or complicated eyes problems.
