5	Cool cigar shop. Must check out. So many choices. Owner helped with selection of cigars. Husband and I went in on a Sun (yes open on Sun). Very friendly & informative. Great place to go whether you know what you like or not! Tucked back into plaza, hard to spot. Next door to nail salon, could drop the chick and hang and puff away..
5	Walk into the huge humidor (I've lived in smaller apartments) at Casa Fuma and you may think you have died and gone to heaven.It's overwhelming. But just ask the  proprietor, Cliff Coen, for help. He's a nice guy, and really knows his smokes.I suppose people come in, buy a single cigar, a box, or some accessories and leave, but the ultimate coolness of Casa Fuma won't be absorbed unless you hang out. They've got comfy couches, free WiFi, and flat screen TVs. Even an outside patio. The place has a Cheers-like atmosphere with lots of regulars, but first-timers (such as myself) are greeted warmly and made to feel right at home.They have lots of events, from "Movie night" to visits with cigar makers and company executives, and an informative web site.This was my first visit to Casa Fuma; it will not be my last.
5	Best cigar store in the valley! This place is hands down the best place for cigars and cigar supplies. Helpful staff with a lot of knowledge. It's also a cigar bar where you can sit watch sports and have a cigar.
5	First, let me say I like to get my cigars and go home, I'm typically not one to hang out at a cigar shop, I have a man-cave in the garage that I dig more.  But, if i did want to hang out in a cigar shop to smoke, it would be here.  Great atmosphere and good people. The thing I like best about Casa Fuma is the cigar selection and the fact that the owners/employees know their smokes.  I always get great new recommendations from them.   I always find what I'm looking for.The other thing I love is their hours.  I have kids and by the time they go to bed all the cigar stores are closed (when i'm craving that last minute cigar..)  Casa Fuma is open until 10 during the week and midnight on weekends.  How awesome is that!    Great place.  Nice workers.  It is my cigar shop of choice.
5	This place just opened back up! New ownership and is now known as Fox Tobacco. Same low prices and great customer service!
