4	It gets pretty crowded but if you get there early enough and grab a table for you and your friends its a good time. Classic pub.
4	I'm officially raising my number of stars here.  I sat at the bar last night with a friend and the service was fantastic.  Very professional, courteous and proper.  When I say proper I mean how they poured a beer, how they presented it, the language they spoke etc...some of the stuff you don't notice when you're at a table.This is ranking higher on my places to hang out...plus I always appreciate it when a place take Amex!
4	Great location on bustling Monkland Avenue. A quick stumble to/from the Metro which is always nice. Service was pretty good and they pour a mean pint. They got the food out fast even though we were a pretty big group plus there were no errors in the bills which is sadly all too common in lots of places. It may look full in the front, but if you keep walking past the bar, there are more tables in the back as well so don't be scared when you first walk in. Overall, I'd say it's a good little neighbourhood pub: crowded and fun.
4	I come here for breakfast on the weekends. Did you know they had breakfast here?
4	This is the original Ye Old Orchard and though they've opened 2 or 3 other locations  it's still held on to the original quality and mellow vibe and remained a great local NDG pub. Doesn't feel cold or commercial or dirty or dark, it sits in the clean cozy warmly lit place in the middle. Ye serves better than average pub food with better than average service, in kilts! I do love an Irish pint and some hot wings from a man in a skirt.
2	The thing that I love the best about this place is the service. Every time I go the waiters are so very friendly. Just perfect.The food is good, I've had the butter chicken, the chicken sandwich, a big basic breakfast and a platter of wings. All were good, but not more than that. One disappointment was the veggies that are served with some of the Indian dishes. They are clearly frozen vegetables that have been thawed. REALLY sub-par.
4	What more can you ask for, good pub food, well actually they offer quite a bit more than the regular pub menu.Very good selection of beer and there's always a good crowd.  This is definitely one of my go to watering holes.Oh and try the curry and fries, those are always a favorite when I'm at a good Irish pub.
3	Have you seen the Holiday? You know that cute English/LA Christmas movie with Kate Winslet, Jack Black, Cameron Diaz and Jude Law? This Irish pub is that lovely pub. Super cozy, one of those places that everyone knows your name.Nestled a few minutes away from Villa-Maria metro and right in NDG, this place was a beacon from Montreal's chilly weather. The moment we sat down and took our jackets, tuques, scarves and mitts off I immediately felt comfortable and the pints - Newcastles, Griffin's, Guinness' came. I had fish and chips (yum!) and my friends had cheeseburgers and fries (yum!!). Wish this place was round the corner from my place... I'd be a regular.Local tip - this Irish pub menu has Sir Lankan curries; kitchen staff are Sri Lankan and the curries were highly recommended by friend and local NDGer.You can find them on twitter @YOOPub
4	Great atmosphere to just chill out with friends or take in the game. Get there early to get a table or you'll be disappointed. Food wise, I like it. Nothing extraordinary, but the food will not disappoint. Had the salmon table d'hote last night with clam chowder soup to start. Soup was good, actually. The salmon was a bit overcooked for my liking, but the presentation was nice and the veggies were cooked well. Ending off a meal with cheesecake is always a winner. Fun times, good food, I'll be back. Just save me a table.
4	Good food, good vibe and great location (you can actually find parking!).  Even though they expanded at the back, it's still a little small so if you're going on a weekend, you should try to get there early otherwise you'll be left standing. The food is quite good and not over-priced. My favorite is the fish & chips - very tasty and those homemade fries..... Mmmm HMM!  They have a small terrace as well, which is great in summer - if you can get a spot out there. Bonus? The wait staff is outfitted in kilts. Yes ladies, even the men. Whether or not they wear their kilts 'traditionally' is a whole other story ;-)They usually have live music on Saturday nights, though if you're sitting in the corner booth or right at the front, you might find it  a little loud. Lastly, they serve a mean breakfast!
1	Went for breakfast. Cozy atmosphere, Bob Marley playing, so much potential...what a waste! Stale bagel, charred stale toast and charred edges on grilled cheese for my toddler. Ordered green eggs and ham (scrambled eggs with pesto) and it looked like it was shoveled up off the street, greyish in color and waaaaaay over pesto-ed!The waitress was very friendly (even more so with the old guy that works there?), but seemed more focused on having fun with that old guy than the fact that the place is empty because customers like us are unhappy!  My untouched green eggs that I politely informed her were not to our liking (inedible to be honest!) remained on our bill. Oh well. Won't be back. Too bad
4	I've always liked the vibe here. It is chill and laid back, the staff is super friendly, the food is good pub food and appropriate for the venue and of course, there is beer. Personally, this is not a winter spot for me, I much more prefer sitting on their terrace chugging pints while watching people with plans and important things to do do rushing by with their screaming babies and little doggies. If you do happen to brave a weekend visit, expect to be left standing. The place isn't very big and it can get quite packed as it is a popular joint.
4	Great local pub, friendly good service, lots of beers and whiskeys. Been coming here for literally 18 years, it's reliable and great in the winter or summer on the terrace. A local institution. I've not really had the food beyond nachos burgers and fries but I usually come for a pint of beer or two and not for the food. My friends used to dominate the pub trivia and one time they won an interim round of free whiskey shots but they were all driving so they made me drink most of them. :)
2	Meh. Super ordinary, over priced.Went for a brunch, got a variety of things: fish n chips, eggs benedict, etc. All super ordinary. Like we make better stuff at home.It just felt like a waste of money, honestly. Not that the place is bad. Nice servers, cool feel, okay options. The food just isn't worth going out for, or paying for. Personally I only like eating out if I think the experience is better than what I could recreate at home. This place can't.Maybe if we went out for beers only, it'd be different. Will see.
3	Good food and beverage although nothing particularly cheap. I don't visit regularly but we're in the back room every December 25th for post-family catch up with friends. Sad that the kitchen is never open on that night though, we might have to switch to Typhoon or something.
5	Friendly staff, delicious breakfast, and a great place to watch a hockey game. It's always a comfortable fun evening at the Old Orchard Pub.
3	Food is pretty good (a bit overpriced but portions are generous --Sandwiches and burgers ~$13+ pp). Although yelp lists it as a full bar, it's primarily a pub so beers are the main offerings, with a small handful of cocktails and alcoholic warm drinks. No wine as far as I can tell. Not a place I would go to just for the cuisine but it would be a good place to have a pint and watch the game as TVs are plentiful.
