5	Dr. Inga is a painless dentist. Those words don't normally go together, but at his office they do. I never felt the injection, and he didn't even start working on me until I was completely numb unlike some other dentists that just rush to get finished. He truly cares about his patients and spends time explaining all your treatment and the steps to fix your problems. He really wants you to have a thorough understanding of what's going on. You will see Dr. Inga every time you come in. He doesn't have different dentists working for him. Dr. Inga doesn't try to up sell any unnecessary treatment either. He's very conservative.
5	A friend referred me to Dr. Inga for a second opinion on a tooth another dentist told me I needed a root canal and a crown on. Dr. Inga was very friendly and taught me so much about my different options for my tooth. Come to find out, I didn't need a new crown after all, and Dr. Inga restored my tooth with a filling, and now it looks just like my natural teeth (shape AND color) and no pain. I've been to several dentists in town and no one has met my standards of care, judgment, and skills at a reasonable and affordable cost until now. My family and I come all the way from North Las Vegas to get the quality care from Dr. Inga and his staff--it is definitely worth the drive. If you want someone who really cares for your teeth and health as much or more than you do and someone who is updated in new techniques in dentistry, I highly recommend Dr. Inga.
5	I have been going to Dr Inga for about 2 years now and I love his practice. He and his staff are so knowledgable. I feel like I'm their number one priority during all my visits. There is never a wait you're always seen at the time of your appointment.Just recently I needed my wisdom tooth removed. I was so nervous but it really hurt so I had to get it done. Dr Inga was so gentle I couldn't believe how easy the procedure went. I didn't feel the shot or anything other then slight pressure.
5	Dr. John Inga is nothing short of a miracle worker! He is a painless dentist. I have been going to Dr. Inga since 2003!Dr. Inga made a six tooth bridge (upper front) for me as well as several root canals and crowns. He is very innovative to say the least. His exam rooms are updated with the newest equipment on a routine basis. His staff of technicians and assistants/ office manager are competent professionals. The moment you enter Dr. Inga's office you know you're in good hands.I know for a fact that Dr. Inga spends a great deal of his time and money pursuing his education and new dental techniques.
5	GREAT Doctor! Friendly team! Hate long waits at doctors office? Me too! Dr. Inga and his team are by far the most organized and friendliest staff I've encountered. Most dental offices consist of long waits, rushed appointments, and the  feeling like nothing was accomplished. I can truthfully say at Dr. Inga's office, it's always a no wait appointment and most importantly, they work with your schedule.Not only is the staff and doctor very professional but also they truly take the time to explain and answer all questions. Dr. Inga really came to the rescue for me. His staff was able to get me an emergency appointment for the the worse toothache I have ever had. I was immediately taken back to the room to see what was going on. Dr. Inga took the time to explain what needed to be done and let me know that it was going to be okay. His  priority was to get me out of pain, which he did!Also, when it came time for my exam and cleaning, Dr. Inga took his time and was very thorough. Not like majority of other offices who think a cleaning should be so quick that you walk out of there feeling like nothing was done. He explained every step of what treatment that I needed and made sure I was comfortable each step of the way. I highly recommend Dr. Inga!  GREAT DOCTOR! GREAT TEAM! GREAT WORK!
5	I was deathly afraid of the dentist before I went to Dr. Inga. But he has been my dentist for 4 years now and I'm so happy. He is professional, friendly and talented. He goes above and beyond to make you feel comfortable. I no longer fear going to the dentist. He even offers relaxed dentistry for those big procedures if you feel like you need it. I'm definitely a big fan of him and all in his office. I can't imagine going anywhere else.
5	I came here for a comprehensive exam and x-Ray.  Dr. Inga recommended that I should get a deep cleaning and he also found an infection on one of my lower front teeth.  He was very gentle and I did not felt any pain during the root canal procedure.  I will definitely come back agin!
5	GREAT Doctor! Friendly team! Hate long waits at doctors office? Me too! Dr. Inga and his team are by far the most organized and friendliest staff I've encountered. Most dental offices consist of long waits, rushed appointments, and the  feeling like nothing was accomplished. I can truthfully say at Dr. Inga's office, it's always a no wait appointment and most importantly, they work with your schedule.Not only is the staff and doctor very professional but also they truly take the time to explain and answer all questions. Dr. Inga really came to the rescue for me. His staff was able to get me an emergency appointment for the the worse toothache I have ever had. I was immediately taken back to the room to see what was going on. Dr. Inga took the time to explain what needed to be done and let me know that it was going to be okay. His  priority was to get me out of pain, which he did!Also, when it came time for my exam and cleaning, Dr. Inga took his time and was very thorough. Not like majority of other offices who think a cleaning should be so quick that you walk out of there feeling like nothing was done. He explained every step of what treatment that I needed and made sure I was comfortable each step of the way. I highly recommend Dr. Inga!  GREAT DOCTOR! GREAT TEAM! GREAT WORK!
1	The worst professional office i've been too.  The Dentist is rude and called me 'stupid' for not going to hiim 1st and used up all my medical deductions.  I went to his office because he had a postcard discount..  And my appointment, i wasnt seen for almost an hour later.  They office was chasing their tails as to how i would settle me payment.  So conclusion was to pay $30 and they will send billing to medical even though they knew my deductible was maxed, i had out of pocket expense, so they made sure I paid the cash price and would owe only $70.  NO service was given, except for this Dentist to call me 'stupid'.  Now if I knew everyone would not help me, INCLUDING HIM, i would of gone to him 1st, but I had no clue and than said '...i was stupid...' because i went to all these other dentist and no one, even he did not help me.  Plainly put, I got no service therefore I owe nothing, they can keep my $30.  Worst religious dentist EVER!
