5	Cavanagh may be the size of a cupboard, but it is crammed to capacity with curiosities from all areas.I was enticed in by the vintage signs lying at the door and the postcards in a box outside. I managed to find a motley assortment of 80s horrors all from Athena card shop (which I remember, so I must be getting old). At the time my mum loved that place but seeing all the old cards was a blast from the garish past. Flicking through I saw some supposed page 3 models with mullets, and stripey colours sitting side by side that should never be mixed. 5 for 50p, you say? I'll take them!Maybe these postcards should've been left in the can along with Olivia Newton John's Let Get Physical music video, but 80s gore aside Cavanagh's Cave is packed with so much more. From 70s ornaments to military regailia, the exceptionally friendly owner says he "tries to collect a variety of antiques", and he seems to have succeeded. The shop is orderly and although some rarities are more expensive, there were some lovely brooches on sale for a fiver.The owner is as interesting as the stock and is very informed on antique collecting. He was very courteous and willing to help and his store was well organised. Although it is small it has an amazing range of jewellery, most of which is displayed in the window, and there are some beautiful trinkets if you take your time to seek them out. Lovely jubbly!
4	Must be the smallest antiquities shop I have ever seen . But don't let that fool you also one of the best. Has a very good selection of antiques but mostly smaller stuff . If your looking for furniture and such this place won't have much because of its size. But everything else it has plenty. I am a coin collector. Have been doing it since I was little. This place has the best selection I think, where I can go and actually see what they have on stock. Have bought a few from them but what I really like is the roman coins they have that are reasonably priced. They also have old military medals, tons of jewellery and lots other you would have to see for yourself. Located right off the royal mile this is another little hidden gem of this city. Also has super friendly staff that will answer any questions and let you handle just about everything there. I am a fan and will continue to be a loyal costumer .
