2	This establishment opened on 3/7/12.  Building was formerly 3 Margaritas (and it shows on the inside minus a wall or 2).  As for the service I'll just say that a lot of wrinkles need to be ironed out (if you are the manager/owner of the restaurant and reading this email me for details).  I'll spare this place and write a service review on my next visit (after the feathers have settled down..).  I rate the food a B- overall, not too good and not too bad.. If you are looking for a fancy, all out Sushi restaurant you're better off staying over in the Scottsdale area as this place looks like to be a mom/pop joint (don't confuse this place w/ Ritz Asia in NY).
2	I'm torn with this restaurant.  It's an asian fusion concept, with primarily sushi, thai, chinese, and japanese food as the staples.  On one hand, the sushi was decent.  We had some nigiri and rolls, although beware the "a la carte" sushi (their nigiri) is quoted per piece, instead of for two pieces, which is more typical.  Further, the portions were small, although sushi was decent quality.  The rolls were presented very well (had an LED light in the garnish!!) and was creative.  Overall a decent variety.The tom yum soup and pad thai were mixed.  The soup was very robust with liberal amounts of fish sauce, which was good.  2 shrimp in the bowl and while no visible galangal or kaffir lime leaves, the flavor was good.  I suspect it was really just a paste being used, but the flavor was decent enough to not disappoint me too much.  The pad thai on the other hand was terrible.  Somewhat soupy, sweet, and not very authentic at all.  The chicken in the dish tasted like something I'd make at home.  Really missed the mark.Now the bad - the SERVICE.  Let's just say the servers were completely incompetent, disjointed, and no manager or anyone else was walking the floor.  The waiter didn't know the menu or asian food at all, and generally I didn't get the feeling like anybody cared about our experience or the guests present.  You could shoot a cannon through the place it was that empty, and there was no excuse for 2 servers and a bartender delivering service only to 5 tables so poorly.To owners and/or management, this is your restaurant, your "grand opening".  Walk the dining room, touch tables, work together, make customers happy, know your menus, scrutinize food coming out of the kitchen.  You don't get a second chance here with most of your guests.  In short, I may be back because I live so close, and I really hope management gets their act together.  You may as well fire your entire wait staff because they are more of a disservice to the restaurant, or they should get trained so they don't make you look bad.  This is the restaurant game, make it happen or close in 6 months.  At this rate I give you 9 months tops.
3	Walked in, no greeter wasn't sure if restaurant was open for service. Looked down to the bar, waitress was busy socializing with the bartender. Ordered the 3 roll lunch special. Spicy salmon, spicy yellowtail, yellowtail w scallion. Spicy salmon, spicy yellowtail came, not spicy. Made with tempura crunch mixed in. What!?!Saving grace, I reordered and got another roll of yellowtail w scallion and tuna with avacado. Tuna does not look fresh. Waitress forgot to bring soup and salad. Soup was barely warm.  Salad dressing choices were ranch or thousand island ??? The owner spent a lot of money redoing the interior. I hope the service and the food improves to make this place successful.
5	Ok here me out! I see alot of bad reviews for a new place that is desperately needed in North Phoenix.I am from the east coast and love the Chinese food from the east coast.  For some reason Phoenix Chinese food is horrible.  I tried Ritz Asia with a little hesitation today and was pleasantly surprised.    I ordered the Asia noodles and one of their signature roles.  Their sushi is just ok.  I am a purist and very critical of sushi.  Despite just ok sushi their main dishes are amazing.  The noodles were excellent!  For dinner I convinced my wife to give it a try.  We ordered the Mongolian beef and general Tsos chicken.  I have not had Chinese food this good in Phoenix, period and I have tried everything.  Thank you Ritz Asia for finally bringing good Chinese food to Phoenix.  Let me tell you why the general Tsos chicken is amazing.  First it's all white meat, not overly breaded, and flavored just right.  Get over the fact they are working out the kinks and new.  Don't go for the sushi go for the amazing Chinese dishes.  The interior is beautiful and I found the wait staff to be very friendly and put together.  Everyone knows that the first week of opening is bad.  There is so much to do and prepare for.  If you are debating giving this place a try do yourself a favor and try it out.  Trust me we needed this in North Phoenix!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! In order of Chinese in North Phoenix (PF Changs doesn't count)Flos = Ok, not great (cheap ingredients) Nee House = Good authentic dishes for sure but not good american/chinesedishes if that makes sense Golden Walk = Mediocre  Great China = badWangs = walking health violation
2	For those of you not familiar with the area, this plaza is usually dead quiet and has very little traffic. The busiest sections of the plaza are Walmart on one corner and the Rubio's/Saba's/Starbucks strip on the very opposite corner. Ritz is located just across from this fairly busy strip so it seems like it's worth a try. I had a craving for sushi so the hubby and I decided to give this place a try since it just recently opened. I wanted to love this place, I really did. We arrived yesterday evening (Sunday) at about 5:30pm and the place was eerily empty. There was one other couple sitting in a booth when we arrived and servers standing around talking to one another b/c well, they didn't really have much to do. What makes it worse is that the layout of the place makes it feel even MORE empty since everything seems to be spaced out in a weird way. Maybe when all the tables are full this is a trait that one can appreciate but when empty it just looks a little sad. I ordered a spicy tuna roll, a salmon nigiri and a masago. I don't think the sushi was bad, per se, but I've definitely had better. The construction of the sushi just didn't look authentic and the texture of the spicy tuna was just not what I'm used to. The one good thing I can point out is that their sushi rice is sweet and sticky just like it's supposed to be. My husband also ordered a philly roll and wasn't really impressed. The salmon got lost amongst the larger servings of cream cheese which, hey, if you're a cream cheese fiend then it may be right up your alley.Aside from the sushi, my husband got an order of pad thai and we were both really disappointed. It doesn't taste bad at all but it seriously lacked flavor and was a bit on the dry side. Again, as was the case with the sushi, it just seemed to lack something in authenticity and flavor that we immediately took notice of.The service was not bad although it was a bit slow considering there wasn't much for the servers to do at that time. There are a lot of other menu options that perhaps are more impressive. Unfortunately, we probably won't be going back to test that theory out. In our opinion the food was barely decent and the prices are just OK. This place has lived up to our experience with most Asian fusion restaurants trying to serve Chinese, Thai, Japanese, Vietnamese and every other Asian cuisine under the sun all under one roof....it just doesn't work. With so many unique flavors and styles it's likely that you're not going to specialize in any of them and more likely that all of them will be under par. But I'm not a mean person so I do want to point out that this place is brand new and may just be ironing out the wrinkles so to speak. I'd be open to coming back if we hear that reviews are becoming more positive than not or if neighbors/friends have different experiences. SO, if you happen to give this place a try...let me know what you think.
1	I'll start with the food was okay, equal to a panda express.  Edible but nothing more.  That being said it was expensive for that level of quality.  We went for lunch, the menu was cut and pasted together with tape and fortune cookie paper scraps.  The place is fairly new why the poor presentation.  Server was clueless to their menu options, and had to be reminded of the soup salad package.  Dressing choices were 1000 island or ranch, really in an asian restaurant?  Kids cups were 32oz foam togo cups really?  Wrong sushi rolls brought out, never received salads or soups until reminded when check was brought out, really?  Spicy tuna roll had a tuna tar-tar or carpaccio center, really?  They had good structure and presentation to the rolls, but the fish was iffy and the server needed a crayon drawing to get the order right.  If you have no where else to go or are in a hurry, there will be plenty of seats here, be prepared to read the menu to your server and then ask for each item in the order you would like them fir instance appetizer before entree! And do not expect even a blink of correction on the bill when they short you the side items, instead they offered to get them to go?  Like I wanted a salad and soup to go after I was served lunch. I cannot wait for this place to go belly up.  The server was better suited to a telemarketer job and not face to face customer service.  And the location could better be served as a vacant lot.I try not to be too critical especially on first visits, but these errors were unforgivable.  Half of the issues could be resolved by hiring or training the staff to at least be familiar with the menu, regardless if they eat it or not they should know what is in there and how to convey the menu to the kitchen!  The other could be resolved by making recognizable food, I am all for innovating and putting your stamp on a dish, but minced tuna with tempura or rice crisp in it was like eating dog food, really expensive dog food.  Not kid friendly when it comes to menu or drink options other than soda or water, and the vessel was bigger than my too toddlers.  They are adventurous eaters at least and stomached the lo-mein and grissled chicken.  My wife complimented their sauces but said it was the same as Pei-Wei but smaller portions, I think thats a compliment?Save your money and or efforts unless you are in the lot and have to have sushi.  Otherwise there is a chinese place 100yds from there and better sushi in any number of places within 2 miles.  Hopefully this place improves or moves out of the way for the next restaurant to serve the area properly.
3	we went for lunch today and it was great.  had a bento box lunch, with the coconut curry shrimp, cali roll, etc.  also had some of the sushi, and my gf had teriyaki chicken lunch.  pretty good.  good service...best part was the steamed pork bun appetizer.  that is sadly lacking ANYWHERE in phoenix.  overall, it was 3 stars, the service was good, and quick.  the place was empty, though, and i think that the location it's in is why.  they have a reverse happy hour on fri and sat, and they are open til midnight on those nights.  being 3 minutes from the house, that will be a no-brainer.i'd go back!
5	I am a sushi love, but also do low carb and I love this place! They will do any roll without rice and they are so yummy! I have been twice now and will be back! I love that it is within walking distance.
5	We are so excited about Ritz Asia!  We have been there twice and have gotten wonderful food and wonderful service!  It is a great place for sushi (DELICIOUS!) and also has AMAZING prices for happy hour!  Now that they have "All You Can Eat" sushi for $19.95, we will definitely be returning more and more!  It's a smaller place, so you see the owner a lot, and I really like that!  She's so sweet and takes care of anything you need!  We also had a WONDERFUL waitress Michelle, who was not only very helpful but fun as well!  Overall, it is a great place, and we will definitely be going back many times in the future!
5	Finding fresh and affordable sushi in Phoenix is no easy feat.  But I have been luckily enough to find this place.I have been there twice so far and both times I have been pleasantly surprised by the food.  Who would expect a great sushi place in an old Mexican restaurant?!?The first time I went I tried something new, the Spice Girl (spicy tuna and spicy salmon with spicy mayo).  It had a great flavor but I would suggest sharing it.  I like spicy food but I could not eat the entire roll without my mouth hurting.  But the pain was worth the amazing taste.The next time I went was for lunch.  Such a great deal, either $9 for 2 rolls or $12 for 3 rolls and you get a bowl of miso soup and a salad!  So filling for the price.  I decided I needed to try another roll before I left and I chose the salmon hand roll.  I love salmon and that is usually how I judge if sushi is fresh or not because it is obvious when it is so no good.  This salmon was so delicious!!  Did not taste fishy at all!  The hand roll had a ton of fish in it and satisfied my craving while making me long for even more.I cannot wait to visit Ritz Asia again.
4	We were hesitant to go here after reading some bad reviews, but it's really close to the house so laziness won out and we tried it.  I'm so glad we did!We've been here twice now and both times the food was great and the service was outstanding.  I don't eat sushi, but have tried a few of the Chinese dishes: the Kung Pau, Hunan Chicken, Chicken Lo Mein, and General Tso - all good but I recommend the General Tso - it's the best I've had.
1	This was my wife's and my second visit to this establishment.  Our initial visit was OK (not great but not bad) and it was only because of the manager's (a very friendly Korean gentleman) concerted efforts that we came back.  At the time, I asked him if the restaurant made a particular dish that I enjoyed in the San Fran. Bay area and while he said they do not, he would go into the kitchen and attempt to make it himself, on the house.  He aplogized for not making it exactly as I desired, but it didn't matter to me.  Clearly this manager was very focused on establishing regular clientele and his absolute attention to us convinced us to give the place another chance.We came back and immediately noticed he was absent (our visits was less than 1 month apart). We figured it was his day off ... it turns out he had been fired.During our 2nd (and last) visit, my wife ordered the Lo Mein House entree and I decided to try the all-u-can eat sushi (I had previously tried the General Tso's chicken, and it was much too dry).  We were enjoying our meal and my wife decided to sample one of the sushi pieces on my plate.  We are married, both ordered entrees and frequently share our food.  Within mere moments, our waitress (who, with all due respect, needs to refine the manner in which she deals with customers) comes to us and tells us, and I quote: "I saw you take one of the pieces of sushi from his plate and our policy is for no sharing. We won't charge you this time but don't take any more pieces." I was stunned, immediately expressing that we each had placed entree orders (exceeding $10 per item) and we demanded to speak to the general manager.The General Manager (a new fellow, given that the previous, very affable fellow had been released) is clearly not suited for this job.  He tried to argue, rather unsuccessfully, that what we had done was "equivalent to stealing".  It mattered not one iota to him that we each had ordered an entree, as he continued with his "the sushi is 19.95 per person", with emphasis on the "person".  This implies, according to him, that there be no sharing (since we're being technical, "No Sharing" is not stipulated on their scotch-tape put together menu).   He said he would do us a favor this time and not charge us an extra $19.95. I told the General Manager that there is no more certain way to ensure that he loses clientele than the way they treated us, and we absolutely have no intention to come back.  The Nee House is the clear front-runner for excellent Chinese food in north Phoenix, while Ritz Asia, I expect, will be out of business within 1 year.
5	The sushi here was GREAT!!! Great service, average price for sushi. Next time I will go during happy hour when it's half off. They even have all you can eat sushi. If you go with someone who doesn't like sushi, they have other options. They also have carry out and delivery. I'm glad that there's a place like this so close to where I live!
1	This restaurant was HORRIBLE! in every. No atmosphere, lousy wait staff and what I'm sure is frozen microwaved food.  There is absolutely nothing I can think of that  was good, except for the Diet Coke!!No greeting when we walked in the door.  We had to scout around for someone.  The waitress was making 'googly eyes' at the bartender.The place looked as if it was closed for business, which I don't doubt it will be soon enough.We were there at lunch time on a Saturday and there was ONE other customer in the whole place!  By the time we left, there were two customers!  WHOOPEE!Our food was cold to barely warm.  They need to crank up those microwaves!!  We had them return it to the kitchen, but it came out exactly the same way!  The menu is way too large.  Chef Ramsey would tear them apart!  No one cared that the food was not right.....I guess their feeling is if you order it-you eat it no matter how bad it is!  My sister ordered an entree and the two soups that were available for the entree were sweet and sour and miso.  She does not care for either one, so requested it be replaced with wonton.  You would have thought she requesed the waitress to rip out her fingernails!  The waitress stated, 'I'm not supposed to do that , but I will'.  Well, GEE thank you for the excellent customer service!I like the food at Panda Express much better than at Ritz Asia, and the prices are much better.  If you want too try a failing restaurant, hurry on in.  It will be gone before you know it!!!!!  I know we will never return.Looking for a good Chinese restaurant?  Try the Nee House at Tatum and Thunderbird.  The food is excellent and authentic, however the service is a little surly!
3	We ordered Volcano roll, Dragon roll, Season Dragon roll, Fantasy roll and Rainbow roll. They came out on a decorative boat. Fun to look at. They tasted ok, not bad, but did not stand out as extraordinary.  The best part though is that I bought a $30 value coupon for $15.  The bill came out to $30 for the 5 rolls.  It was a very inexpensive dinner.  If I have the coupon in the future I'd go again.
1	Picture yourself walking into a steak house that morphs into a Denny's where you suddenly see a Chinese lantern.  Welcome to Ritz Asia.    The service is friendly but the food is awful.  The shumai tasted like it went straight from the freezer to the microwave to our table.  Trader Joes is better than this.  The spicy tuna roll is an abomination of blender tempura flake mayo orangy...put it this way...looks like garbage tastes like garbage.Every restaurant at this location closed soon or later.  This will be sooner.  The friendly service can't save them from their crappy chef.
4	Was hesitant to try after reading the reviews. We decided to give it a try, pleasantly surprised!! Hannah the bartender was terrific..we had a seared tuna appetizer, pad Thai and a yellowtail roll. Prices we good!!! We will definitely go back.
