4	Little Caesars how I have missed you.  After your blow up and implosion in the American heart, it's been hard to find one of your locations outside of a Kmart.  I'm so happy to have found you again.A convenient carry out location.  Awesome if you have a craving for pizza and $5 in your pocket.  Walk in or call ahead.  If you do walk in you may have to wait a minute for a pizza to come out of the oven, which even if you have to wait, there shouldn't be anything to complain about, it's nice and hot.
5	I have to bump this up to five stars....I'm sorry, but craving a pizza and having that $5 with me beats a foot long any day!I sing the praises for you Little Caesars, I really do.  Our love affair has gone way back and it will continue.
4	"It is what it is"I really despise that mantra, but I feel it's appropriate in this context. You go in,  grab a pizza, pay $5.35 and you're off. It's cheaper than ordering one and it's cheaper than picking up a frozen pizza from the grocery store. The 2 worst things that can happen to you are; you have to wait 5 minutes because they don't have any in the hot box (that what I call it) or they're out of your favorite dipping sauce.A Little Caesar's Hot 'n Ready is great for you and a co-worker or 2 share on a lunch break for just a couple bucks.
5	Best chain pizza in town!The employees get my pizza out fast and always fresh. I know that experiences at all Little Caesars restaurants should be the same, but this location is far better than all the others. I order from here a lot and the employees make process painless at the end of a long workday.The Deep Dish is amazing with it's perfect crispy edge.
3	I feel mixed about writing this review. With all I will document below, I still will stop in again for some hot-and-readys in the future. So, initially I was super excited to realize that there was a Little Caesar's on Center close to home- though I hate that shopping area because the traffic is always terrible and it's a nightmare getting in and out of. I planned a pizza night with a friend and timed it perfectly to stop in here for hot-and-ready pizzas after work to bring home. I even called in earlier to make sure that I could stop straight in, buy pizzas, and walk out.  I realize that it was right after work when they are probably at their busiest, but I walked in and there were no hot-and-ready pizzas there! Plus, there were only two people working! It upsets me when businesses advertise specials or deals and can't guarantee or follow through with them. I didn't have to wait long (maybe 10-15 min), but I implore Little Caesar's to ONLY promise hot-and-ready pizzas when they are both hot AND ready. On the other hand, the woman behind the counter was intent on getting the pizzas out as soon as possible and was incredibly nice- it's possible that they were simply understaffed for the day. And in their defense, the pizzas were hot and still tasted great- and you can't beat the price! The other items on their menu are a great deal two (i.e., only $3 for crazy bread sticks). With that said, I will definitely be stopping in again for those deals.
