4	Damn you Dunkin' Donuts! Why oh why did you have to open RIGHT ON MY DRIVE TO WORK!?!  Usually my sweet tooth can be defeated by my laziness, but no more - they even have a drive-thru!  Oh the humanity, oh the gluttony!  I'm not sure I believe that Dunkin' Donuts are the best donuts out there, but they have my one weakness - the chocolate creme filled. If you haven't had it, it's kind of like an inside out cupcake.  Buttercreme style frosting on the inside of a soft, powder sugar covered donut.  After eating one, you look and act like someone stumbling out of a nightclub bathroom in the mid '80's - shaky, hyper, wild eyed, and covered from the nose down in white powder.So the big question is, do I change my route to work, or start working out?
2	I've never been less excited for donuts when I see the rack on display behind the counter when I walk in. The coffee is pretty plain. The sandwiches did not excite me. I'm told Dunkin' is all the rage in the east coast. The guy I work with is from Boston and he goes there every morning, so he must think it's something special. I just don't get it, I'd rather go to Bosa Donuts, McDees, Starbucks, or just about anywhere comparable to it.
2	This review is for this location only.At first, everything was alright here.  Just your typical Dunkin.  Good donuts and good coffee.  However, over time, they have screwed up my order over and over again.First, I received no sugar and no cream in my coffee after asking for it, only to realize it when I got to work.  I figured it was a fluke.  The next day, I received no sugar.  I called and spoke to the manager.  She was very friendly and told me I'd receive a free coffee next time.  Cool.  That was fine.  The next time, I received my free coffee and was given the wrong donuts I requested.  The next time I went, I still didn't get the correct donuts.  In fact, I've been a handful of times since this occurred and they've always screwed up my order in one way or another.I understand things happen, but every time is too much.  The line gets too long on my way to work, which isn't a big deal, but if I'm not going to get the correct order, I'm not going back.  I guess it's easier on my wallet and belt anyway.
2	Sometimes I want scream and yell, "Don't you know who I am? I'm Mark Jordan and you don't know who you're messing with!"  But then I realize that the puzzling look I would get wouldn't change anything and they would most likely just laugh about me later.  So I just grumble to myself and write a strongly worded yelp. So I'm moving and I enlist the help of my closest friends.  I promise to have cold beer in the afternoon and hot coffee in the morning.  For the coffee I decide to go against my natural instinct of the giant jug of starbucks and go for Dunkin Donuts Box of Joe.    I get up early, call and order a dozen donuts, a Box O Joe and  1/2 dozen bagels.   I asked the nice gentleman on the other end of the line if the coffee came with cups, creamer and sugar.  BECAUSE I AM MOVING AND WILL HAVE PACKED AWAY MY COFFEE CUPS!!! "Yes." He answered and gave me the total.    I show up at the Dunkin Donuts at the prescribed time to get my unhealthy feast for my famished,  hungover, ragamuffin band of aged movers.  I get home and unload the bounty.  And what do you get when you take the F out of cups? THERE IS NO F IN CUPS!! So I guess it is okay for a bunch of grown men and women to pass around a jug of piping hot coffee and get the rim of the opening greasy from their donut slimed lips. It's a good thing that all of my friends and I exchanged cooties a long time ago when we became Eskimo brothers.  ......i'm mark Jordan and I'm gonna write a yelp about this.......oh never mind.
5	Fast and friendly first thing in the morning! Opened early for me one morning! Food is always fresh, and you never have to wait for than a couple of minutes to get your order. They have a drive thru as well for those in a rush!
1	This review is for this location only.Extremely disappointed. I went to get drive-thru the other day;  I ordered 2 drinks 2 harsh brown, 1 burrito and 2 sandwiches. The server confirmed the order and I corrected her when there was a mistake. I drove by the window and gave her my card. (not to mention her attitude). She handed me the a plain black coffee! (I asked for a Hazelnut Coffee with creme and sugar) Then I went home and took a look. 2 orders of harsh brown were missing. I like Dunkin Donut but I will never go back to this location again!
1	I just paid $10 for a dozen stale donuts.Maybe it's because it's a weekend or maybe this location just sucks, but I'm going to BoSa next time.
4	I personally love this place. I am always treated respectfully here by the staff. Maybe it's just me but I like the coffee it's different then most of the coffee you normally get at donut shops. J
1	Worst Dunkin donuts in existence. Tried it 3 times now and each time rude staff, drinks not worth me paying a penny for, and the donuts aren't anywhere near the same tasting as the rest of the locations. I'd be scared to know health department score for this establishment, because I've gotten sick everytime. If it weren't for the location, I never would've gone back after try one. I assure you I'll never go back at all ever. Corporate dunkin needs to look into this location because the quality and service ruins the entire business' reputation. DON'T GO HERE!
5	Always fresh and good service!!
3	When you ask for a Latte and the person at the counter Say's i don't know what that is, is that a large?  It makes me glad that there are Starbucks. The service was good but knowledge not so. Food and coffee was also very good.
1	This is the worst Dunkin Donuts I have ever been to and needs to be shut down. Went this morning and some machines were broken (no big deal I guess) but I ordered bagels and cream for my staff and they put bagels into a box and smashed the lid down and ripped the box and handed the mangled thing over to me. I expected to get a tub a cream cheese like a normal Dunkin donuts, and after waiting ten minutes they gave me a small coffee cup with a spoonful of cream cheese flung in there stuck to the side... Disgusting! I asked for a refund which took a while even with a line of customers out the door, the cashier yawned and broke rolls of quarters into the drawer and wouldn't acknowledge anyone for quite a few minutes. They were all extremely rude. The customer next to me asked for extra cream in her coffee and the workers tuts and says how much... The customer states well can I just do it? To which the workers says 'no, I said how much?'  After my refund I looked around for hidden cameras because I couldn't believe this place was for real.
1	My last visit... I was in a hurry so I took the drive through. I ordered a large latte n breakfast wrap. I was asked to pull through and they would bring it out despite small order. I watched the next 7 people leave with their orders. Finally some one came outside with my order then went back in. After another minute they came out again looking lost. I honked. The girl was nice and I asked what is the problem. She the new guy working the window doesn't know how to make wraps. Or apparently lattes I said. As my latte was a giant glass of milk. :(I had no more time to wait. Disappointing at best
1	At first they had great service but this year I've gone a couple times wanting their vanilla chai and was never available, and after two tries they said it was seasonal, it's now October and I was going to order it and they still don't have it! Also i ordered a breakfast sandwich and wasn't available, I ordered s different one but they said the didn't have the sauce that went on top of it! I also once once asked for a hot chocolate since they didn't have the chai and I ended up with a hot black coffee. It's starting to get annoying since it's the closest on to me and they never have much available.
1	This Dunkin' Donuts is very convenient for me to go to, however it is not very clean and it is not run very well. Every time I go for coffee I get the wrong order. Then when it needs to be fixed I get attitude. I would rather drive 15 minutes out of my way to Gilbert and Lindsay for better service than come back to this location. They need new managers. Someone should help this Dunkin' Donuts.
4	Super friendly staff in this location.Food came out well and super hot.  Like the egg and cheese Wrap and it is only like $1.15 and I can get it any time of day.  Also like the hash brown bites.  Mmmm
