4	My parents and sisters referred me to this dental office because of Dr. Lee. But everyone in the office is great. The girls that run the front desk, the dental hygienists, both dentists...everyone is friendly and helpful. They all seem to work really well together and enjoy what they do, which shows. It also makes the atmosphere and vibe nice and comfortable.How does this office differ from others?Well, I've only been here twice (each for my 6-month check-up/cleaning), but I've had great experiences each time. The last time I was there, I overheard the care and time they took with one particular pediatric patient. They were very patient and took the time to explain everything to help ease her anxiety. While I was getting my teeth cleaned, a family of 5 walked-in for cleanings. Instead of turning them away, the entire office decided to work extra to fit them into the schedule. Despite the curve ball, my hygienist stayed calm and didn't rush my cleaning.Another tip:Dr. Lee is a Premiere Provider for invisalign. Meaning he has so much experience about this alternatives to braces that he can fix my teeth (and I've been told before that I am not a candidate for invisalign. that I'd have to do traditional metal braces, with headgear and breaking stuff to manipulate and make space...).
4	They moved!!This branch moved to a new location on Russell,  which is not too far from the old location.When I first walked in, I thought to myself "Oh, you fancy huh?" The waiting area is much larger and is decorated very modern. The patient rooms in back are well separated and provide more privacy than the previous office. Each room also has a tv equipped with movies to entertain you throughout your appointment.
5	I have nothing but great things to say about this office! I actually saw it when I was on my way to a prenatal appointment and recognized the name (one of my friends used to work here). I decided to make an appointment and they are fantastic! I was 6 months pregnant during my visit, and they bent over backwards to make sure I was protected when getting my X Rays. They also did my x rays the old school way to prevent any damaging rays. I appreciated this! The hygenist was amazing. I have never had dental issues in the past, but when I went here I left being told I have 3 cavities. I was shocked, but I realized that the last place I've been going to didnt even give me a proper cleaning!! The staff was very thorough! I would recommend this dental office to everyone!
4	I've been going to Dr. Lee for a few years and I'm impressed with the precision with which the office is run.  I never have to wait long to be seen, and the equipment is completely up-to-date.  No spit bowls here!The new office on Russell is less of an open floor plan than the old one, which affords more patient privacy, if that's important to you.  Alas, it's a much further drive for me, but still, it's worth the trip.All of the support personnel are professional, friendly, and well-trained, and Dr. Lee is a sweetie.  I'm less impressed by the other male dentist, whose name escapes me, but that's why I insist on being seen only by Dr. Lee.
5	I've been going here for over the past year, after getting invisalign, which I got a great deal on to get my grill straightened. Every time I call, the person on the other seems to know who I am and gets me booked for my next appointment right way, which is every other week. Super fast appointments, never had to wait for more than 5 minutes in the waiting room, and everyone is friendly. Also the swag at this place is great. Nice furniture and equipment. Definitely use technology to the fullest. Some of the gadgets don't even look like dental tools. Plus I see the doc at the gym every now and again, and he remembers my name and makes it a point to say whats up.
5	The best dental group I've been to. The doctors, staff and state of the art facility are excellent. Recommended
5	I've been coming to Summerlin Smiles for the last few years and have been extremely happy with their service. If you are looking for a dentist in the Southwest area, this is the place to come! The new location is a state of the art facility with a great staff, dental hygienists and of course dentists. Dr. Lee and Dr. Park are both extremely knowledgeable and truly care about their patients. One thing that I really like is that they are flexible with scheduling - since I typically make my appointment six months in advance, I often need to adjust my appointment. Calling ahead about 1-2 weeks, I almost always am able to get a convenient time to go in.
5	This place is like my 2nd home, i hopped around different offices prior to '08 but once I found this place off a recommendation I haven't looked back. Dr. Lee is a solid doc he can articulate things to you in a way you can understand and is very gentle. Dr. Park is a just as great too. The staff in general are funny people that try to be accomodating. My favorite part is there very flexible with scheduling me in and time to time I'll forget to come in but they always find a way to squeeze me in anyway. The tools and setting is all state of the art amazing. I've been sending referrals since day one and know my friends/colleagues are in good hands.
5	BEST DENTAL OFFICE EVER! I came in with a broken lower teeth that started acting up. I literally wanted to rip my tooth out of freakin face. Now I know I should have had it fixed way back in the days but I was a kid and didn't know better. It started acting up for the past couple of months but I just walked it off. I couldn't take the pain any more and decided to do something about it. I remember my friend had her wisdom teeth taken out and asked her where she went. She is as much of a BIG BABY as I am. I seriously cry over any little cut, scrap, or splinter. This is why I haven't been to a dentist in....... 7 years. The girl who made my appointment was so nice a friendly. I would say ask for the funny one but they are all pretty funny. They made me feel very comfortable and were joking around with me. I love that! I was still nervous to hear what the doctor would say but those girls made me laugh. Could have been a nervous laugh though. I got called in pretty quick and sat down in a chair. The assistant (I believe her name is Carla.....) was nice a chatty with me. She noticed that I was pretty much choking the arm rest. She told me to not worry and as she took my x-rays. THANK GOD THEY HAD PITCH PERFECT PLAYING! I could get my mind off that darn tooth. Dr. Lee came into my room and introducted himself and told me what's going on. He explained the options I have, the pros and cons of what I needed, and really explained everything. All in all, YAY I can keep my tooth! I was able to get my tooth fixed and get a cleaning too. I never felt comfortable in a medical office before and I actually was able to loosen the choke hold on the arm chair. I even scheduled my next cleaning.THANK YOU SUMMERLIN SMILES!
5	Joined just to shout to rooftops I LOVE THIS PLACE! So amazing I have to spread the new about this place because in vegas this is rare.I scheduled a visit for later this week but my tooth is throbbing, they were able to get me in today at their other office so I won't be in pain all week. Right from the start the receptionist greeted me with a smile. I watched as they knew all the patients names and never had them sign in or anything. I was amazed the way they chatted with everyone about their families and made an effort to put you at ease.The Dr is sooo nice and really takes the time to make you feel comfortable and answer all your questions. I shared my concerns and fears, he explained the whole procedure from top to bottom. During my root canal he explained what he was doing as he did it. Other dental experiences have made me very anxious but this place made my experience amazing. All of the assistants were very friendly and funny. One of the girls even held my hand has I got a shot. I was comfortable enough to get my treatment done the same day and even though they were busy they still took care of me. I value good customer service especially when it comes to doctors, a lot of times I feel like just a dollar sign. This place sets the bar high, customer service is through the roof, doctor takes time and cares (doesnt just pop his head in and disappear), the whole staff is kind and you can tell they actually like what they do, I even heard the male assistant singing. The office itself is really nice - flat screen monitors, leather chairs, and everything looks like new... most importantly its very clean. I plan on telling all my friends, all my coworkers, everyone on yelp, and where ever else I can post. GREAT DENTAL OFFICE- FULL OF GREAT PEOPLE! Thank you for taking such great care of me.
5	Dr. Lee was my 1st Dental Office in Las Vegas and I have to admit he is very knowledgeable, gentle, and down to earth. Dr. Lee is AWESOME!  He has the best and latest technology for his patients to make it very comfortable while you are there to get your teeth clean or wisdom tooth pulled like me. Dr. Park is also Great and thank you for making life so much easier without so much pain. This dental office is  very up to date and has a modern hip decor, clean, gives great service, great dental hygienists, and last but not least has the bestest receptionists that greets you when you first walk in the door.
5	I had a bad experience with my past dentist, but this office totally changed that around for me! Everyone here is nice and very thorough. I had put off getting my wisdom teeth pulled when I was younger because I was terrified. After my first appointment here, I knew I was in good hands. When I came back to have my wisdom teeth pulled they definitely took care of me. They were very gentle and wanted to make sure I was as comfortable as possible...well, as comfortable and relaxed as you can be while getting teeth pulled! That was the first step to correcting my teeth. I am now using Invisalign and can't wait for the final results! The entire staff is extremely professional and knowledgable. When people hear the word "dentist" they usually cringe, but Summerlin Smiles has changed that around for me. This is the place to go!
5	Awesome staff, nice decor. Very modern dental office, very up to date with their tools and equipment. Definately recommend anyone stopping in even if you already have a dentist you love. Very clean inside and out. DrPark worked on me, he was attentive and kind. Wyatt does my checkups and cleaning. Hes awesome, great guy. Everyone does a wonderful job, very professional at what they do. Everyone seems sweet, girls at the front desk are beautiful. What more can you ask for? :) :P
5	I am not usually the type to leave a review on a doctor or any review for that matter but I have never had a dentist that I have liked or trusted this much and want to let others know. My husband and I have been using Dr Lee as our family dentist for years and my husband had his teeth straightened  by Dr Lee and they look fantastic. I am a mother of a 2  1/2 year old little boy who was in need of a lot of dental work and had to be put to sleep. We have moved to California and still travel to Vegas to be seen by Dr Lee and there is no dentist in the world I would trust my son's health and wellbeing to except for Dr Lee We had the dental work done at an ambulatory care center (my son had to be put to sleep) and Dr Lee was wonderful. He was so caring, patient and did the work as quickly and safely as he could. My son came out of the anesthesia fine and Dr Lee was so kind and comforting with my child, it brought tears to my eyes. This was such a stressful time for me and my husband as our son is so small. Dr Lee is the best!!! He also took the time to call personally and follow up on our child's condition when we returned to California. My family and I love Dr Lee and will continue to use him as our dentist no matter how far we have to travel to see him. You could not find a better dentist for your family.
5	I cannot speak highly enough of these guys.  The office is very modern, comfortable, and clean.  The staff is by far the nicest and must friendly professional group I have encountered at a dentist office.Everything about my visit was great, they took their time, never rushed me, and the rates were very fair.Dr J. Took great care of me and I will be going to these guys exclusively from now on.  What a great experience!
5	This is a very high-tech and modern office. Dr. Park is a very knowledgeable dentist and so is the friendly staff. If I am ever in pain or in need of a same week appointment they are very accommodating and will fit me in immediately. They explain procedures and costs before starting the work so there are no surprises involved. Highly recommended!
