2	The college itself is in a bad area. I am afraid to leave my stereo cover in the car because I don't want it to get broken into. The CY campus needs more parking because it is always full and the parking that is the reserve is so far away from the school itself. I would suggest leaving thirty min before your class begins just to find parking and get into the college. The teachers here are nice and well educated for the most part. I had a bad experience with one teacher that showed up thirty minutes late. He had emailed me and said that he'd be a few minutes late; when does a few minutes turn into thirty? My previous professors at the Charleston Campus would've never represented themselves in this manner. They expect you to be on time, why would I expect anything less than professionalism from my professor. Leave early and communicate.
1	I''ve attended colleges in KS, TX, and since relocating to NV, transfered again to CSN.  BAD decision.  They don't have enough classes for the number of students they have.  Trying to get anything through admissions or financial aid is a JOKE.  They tell you they need something one at a time, turn that in, and all of the sudden they need something else(JUST GIVE ME A LIST, AND YOU CAN HAVE IT ALL AT ONCE!)  Semester already started and my financial aid still hasn't been reviewed.  I get a different time frame from each person I talk to, 6-8 weeks, or 8-12 weeks..  well it's been 12 and I have nothing but a hold not to drop my classes.  Even University of Texas with crazy amounts of students was able to get it done by the week school started.  My husband checked with the VA office to see if he needed to do anything when he changed his degree.. the guy gave him a piece of paper to sign and said "that's it"  school started a week ago, and we received a letter today saying they don't have his transcripts, that we sent 3 months ago, and he called to find out that he DID need to have a sheet signed by a counselor, but the uninformed guy had told us otherwise.  Thanks for screwing up our housing money buddy!!  They lost my transcripts as well, which when I asked them how they traced them they said by social security number (GOOD!  Cause I changed my name when I got married)  They didn't.. they put them in storage and I had to call and talk to probably 10 different people and tell them BOTH names for them to all look for my current name.  It's just as bad trying to figure out who does what.. I got sent all over campus and standing in lines for an hour and a half, by their employees who didn't know who I needed to show my unofficial transcripts to to open a class for me.The bookstore has the classes listed for the wrong books, or that don't even need books, needless to say I waited an hour and a half in line to return books, and everybody else had the same problem.  This school is one disorganized mess, I think after this (one and only) semester at CSN I may do distance education from a better school with more degree choices.  ALSO, one of the most frustrating things.. I have taken online classes from every school i've been to, and had no problem.  There is a "lockdown" program for testing that won't even run on my 4 mo old laptop because my desktop manager has no option for closing (basically I can not have a clock, the date, updates running)  I had to dig my husbands old computer out of a box just to take a test, and it froze on me 2 minutes in, yet the clock didn't stop running.  I don't know who is in charge at this school, as every person I have dealt with other than cashiers is a student, but they need to get their stuff together.  THIS SCHOOL IS A JOKE!
4	Great college! Many people resort here if they can't get into UNLV. Though it has enough credentials to educate and produce successful and driven people.Once pass through the "beginner"/"intro"/"101" classes to the upper "pre-med"/"transfer" classes, is the change in atmosphere with the type of students. Great people who are hoping to achieve and succeed. Most the student staff are not helpful or informative, don't let them hold you back in going to this college!
4	I really like cooking and have taken a few classes at Creative Cooking School on Sahara. However, I wanted to find a more in-depth class. So I decided to enroll in a Basic Cookery class at CSN on Saturdays. Since it's a public school, the price is pretty reasonable. I really, really enjoy the class and highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys cooking or wants to enter the culinary field.I would really like to take all of the culinary classes, but unfortunately only a few are offered on the weekend and my work schedule doesn't allow me to take any classes during the week.Next semester I'm going to take Introduction to Chocolate as it's one of the only other Culinary classes offered on the weekend. I hope they start holding more of the Culinary classes on the weekend in the future.
3	Well, in Las Vegas you only have very few options for higher education.I don't mind the instructors, but I do mind the staff here, good lord. I'm glad I found out I could just attend a school from my home state online instead of pour money into this place.Rude student support staff, lame hours for the book store and its in a really nasty part of town.But it has a LOT of class options,a wide selection of degree plans and certificates.
2	Dirty, not well maintained at this location. The numbering of the rooms is absolutely crazy. Simplicity is not in the mindset of whoever needs to redesign the classroom addresses.
5	Nice campus compared to the area. I've taken 6 classes at this location and have never had an issue. Most of the people are complaining about stuff that has nothing to do with getting an education. Research your teachers and get it over with. Quit yo cryin'!
4	Buildings are new and clean and nice. So far the staff has been amazing and very helpful! More reviews to come I am sure! I do like the fact parking is free!
1	Omg don't get me started on this campus.... It is sooooooooooooooo bad! The staff here are students, which is cool...but I could've sworn I was speaking a different language. They had no clue what I was talking about when I asked to speak to an Academic Advisor! Yikes! How do you not know what an advisor is and you're a college student! I asked where financial aid was located and the girl gave me directions in broken English and had major attitude! Super unprofessional! They let their workers listen to their iPods or read, which I guess it nice , but when your employees think that what they're doing is more important than helping someone, it then becomes a problem! Leaving this review is probably a waste of time because the workers here just act like they don't care about anything ! Such a terrible campus, not to mention the depressing vibe! Hate this campus with a passion!!!!!
5	I love every experience I had going to this school! The professors are nice and passionate about their specific field, and very insightful! The classes are very affordable and they usually last about an hour and twenty minutes or two hours and fifty minutes (for some of the longer classes). I've enjoyed every course I've taken at both the Charleston campus and the Cheyenne campus. The Cheyenne campus was always my favorite to enroll in classes for since it's a smaller campus compared to the Charleston campus, but both are great and very easy to get use to if you continue your education there. The math professors actually break the information down in an understandable way so that those who have a hard time with math can understand, which is wonderful! The tutoring center is pretty good- I've gone to it with an appointment and without one, which lasts for approximately 15 minutes when you go without an appointment- which is beneficial for quick review of specific questions you have regarding the subject you are struggling in. I was able to get good grades in math classes using the tutoring center, so it is very helpful! Sometimes the staff at the main offices (registration, financial aid, etc.) can be frustrating, but it's nothing worth leaving the school over. The parking is pretty good also, never had a problem finding a spot to park. I would definitely recommend CSN to anyone who hasn't started their college education yet! It's a great place to make professional connections for your career since the professors are very nice and willing to help you!
5	This campus rocks!Overall,CSN-Cheyenne Campus is a large, well laid out campus, which provides loads of student support services and resources.  This campus feels more like a "traditional" student campus.  They have places to eat and drink on campus, a large student union where students can congregate, relax, and study, and the staff are all very professional and service-orientated.  The grounds are kept very clean, as well are the interiors of all the buildings.
