5	Fire them all you want to, Patricia, I'll hire them every time.My family and I arrived last night into Las Vegas' McCarron International Airport.  We had discovered just that morning (should have read Yelp first, dangit) that our hotel's shuttle service sucked.  We resigned ourselves to paying the thirty or forty bucks to get to Green Valley Resort in Henderson -- fine.  But we flew in on the same night (that would be last night) that the Country Music Awards were being held and some 50,000 person convention is in town.  McCarron was a mad house, and the wait for a taxi was two and a half hours.So my wife left me with our four month old son, and she went and scouted out some other options for us to get to Henderson.  The first person she ran into was Mark, an employee for Ambassador Limousine/Ritz Transportation.  She explained the situation and asked him if he could help.  He said he could.And then he did.A scant twenty minutes later, on a crazy Sunday night in Vegas, when there were no other town cars or taxis available, we were in a town car on the way to Green Valley.The car was clean, the driver was friendly and extremely courteous, not just to us, but the other traffic.  He came to complete and full stops.  He used his turn signals.  He drove the speed limit.I did not catch his name, but he, and Mark at the airport (especially Mark), are both credits to their company.  The other employees of this company that we observed appeared every bit as competent and caring as these two.I will heartily recommend this service to anyone I meet that is travelling to Las Vegas.
5	Last week after a bunch of run around from some other companies when I really needed my friend picked up and taken to the airport in a hurry the dispatcher dispensed with the bs told me she had a driver walking into the office to finish his shift early. She gave the driver my cell phone number, the driver Brent called me himself all I heard was yes sir, yes sir, right away sir. My friends got to the airport and made their flight with time to spare. Since they were coming from a home in the far west there wasn't a snowballs chance we were getting a cab to the house in time.I can't thank Ambassador and Brent enough. Life savers and good people to know in a pinch. What else can I yelp about. Remembering people who treated me right is an awesome thing. 5 stars for Yelp too.
1	While this company says that that they have a well maintained fleet, they are old and in desperate need of repairs.  If you think that you are hiring Ambassador to make a good impression, you'll be quite disappointed.
