1	Of all the China Towns that i've been in, this has got to be the worse.I know were dealing with Las Vegas here, where everything is a cheap illusion of the original location... thats why we have White People pretending to be black, and Filipinos pretending to be Hawaiians.  But thats not the point, No, i'm not going to go off on a tangent about the social Structure  of the Las Vegas society, i'm going to rant off about how horribly done this "China Town" is.The stores in the area are pathetic, the location is industrious and full of repaire shops (meaning everything smells like Diesel) and 85% of the actual vendors are White/Filipino  dressing up their establishment to fit the 'Style'....There's nothing Chinese about this place other than the name sake so that Las Vegas can officially state that they have one... after all, all major cities have a China Town, why not Vegas?
4	Compared to other Chinatowns around the world, ours is a meek and humble stretch of shops and restaurants. 'Size does not matter' seems to be the right expression, but I cannot help but think about LA, San Fransisco, Melbourne, and Sydney's homage to Chinese immigrants. Still I will take my stance to say that Las Vegas' serves its purpose. For those into mythology, you are greeted by a statue of the Monkey King from the classic Chinese tale, Journey to the West. It is situated at the center of the plaza. There is some culture for you Las Vegans. Just a casual  glimpse around your surroundings you will see everything that is important to Asian people. An abundance of restaurants to spend quality time with your family in. Trinket outlets that are filled with lucky charms, books, and anime statutes. Cosmetic and medicinal shops for our never ending quest to look and stay young. Tea places and bakeries to satisfy the sweet tooth. Finally, my favorite, the video store. Get your mind out of the gutter, they do sell dvds of the adult variety, but the variety of Korean dramas with English, Chinese, and Japanese subtitles are what I am interested in. Most range around twenty to twenty five dollars for the series. Korean dramas only do one season, normally consisting of 16-24 episodes. The weekend dramas can go up to the hundreds, but I never looked at how much those are. Sometimes they do clearances where you can get them for ten dollars. The store is located near the elevator.  The store smells like sulfur, or rotten eggs once in a while. I have also walked in, at the wrong time, and saw the person at the desk displaying a sex toy to someone. If you are not deterred by these events then you are brave enough to go.
4	This is a newer (possibly cleaner) version of Chinatown as compared to other larger cities (and this is speaking from someone who is from the largest, oldest, and established one outside of China, San Francisco).  This is the main one- but a few other community strip malls in the area (more along Spring Mountain) followed years after, so there are more choices for us all. So this ends the conversation about it being "small." Years ago, when the 99 Ranch store opened here, I came here quite a bit  for coconut drinks, baked goods, magnolia ice cream, boxed mussels, and thai tea in cans. This store is busy with loyal customers. But, as the years went by, there is a higher asian population here in Las Vegas in general, so naturally, there are more asian stores around town, all over, in fact (so I have not been in 99 Ranch recently). Not like when we moved here two decades ago, there were just a few stores available to us. Anyway, I am a big fan of the bakery to the right of the shopping plaza (sometimes I come here specifically for some asian baked goods), inside the shopping center (more stores inside, trinkets and such), which has a separate entrance BTW. I've also been to some of the restaurants (on two levels), and when that BBQ place opened, my older brother bought food for many family parties (heard that the table service was pretty rude, though). We've been to the jewelry stores, but they are like tourist traps (high prices- avoid them). There is a Kapit Bahay (Filipino) restaurant on the other side (separate from the strip mall, closer to the Spring Mountain side), but I've never been.   The parking lot is very busy (so watch out for tour buses). Furthermore, Spring Mountain is a fast paced street, so oncoming traffic sometimes makes it difficult to exit the shopping plaza. And like I said, there are other asian shopping plazas nearby on Spring Mountain, for your asian goods/dining needs.
2	Not much to do here. The restaurants here aren't that great and went into this restaurant that had dirty dishes and we just walk off and left. The mall that they had here was pretty cool. I got to buy some  hairclips and there were some cute pandas on the top floor of the mall. This is a great place for buying cheap souvenirs and little trinkets.
5	It's not exactly the touristy looking Chinatowns that we're all accustomed to, but rather a central Asian destination in the heart of the Las Vegas area. There are lots of Chinese, Taiwanese, Thai, and Vietnamese restaurants inside the Chinatown Plaza and it's perimeter. I like that I can find something decent to eat beside the buffets and fast food restaurants that Las Vegas is known for.
4	At first I was sketchy of the Vegas Chinatown.  But after having some awesome Dim Sum at Harbor Seafood I am now a huge fan. I happened to be here a couple of days after the calendar new year.  They were having a sale in the Chinatown Hall.  I was so excited to see Mah Jong earings!  I bought like 10 pairs...unfortunately they did not have all of the tiles...otherwise I would have bought all of the right ones to make a winning hand. Like all good Chinatowns, there is a healthy dose of gaudy cheesy Chinese stuff and few good authentic restaurants.  Although I don't know why I am surprised..Chinese people Vegas so it would make sense to have an awesome Chinatown here.
4	There are lots of good restaurants for chinese dim sum and korean food. the shopping mall is not big but has a newly opened shop for pearl drinks. i like the toy shops and souvenir shops. Also there is a ranch 99 next to it. I always like to shop there for asian snacks and drinks.
3	Lots of varied stores, restaurant and shops.
5	Maybe it's because I've never been to another city's Chinatown, but I really enjoyed coming here while in Vegas for EDC. We ate dinner down the road at Mr. Tofu (incredibly delicious btw!) and headed to the plaza to do a little shopping. Yes, the plaza is a little dirty, bu8t that's Vegas for you. We saw at least 4 places for boba drinks (yum!), an expansive traditional Chinese bakery, and lots of little shops for cheap souvenirs and trinkets. We also visited the Ranch 99 for some soy milk and chocolate panda bears. I'd love to visit again and try some of the other food places around here. Lots and lots of Korean bbq, pho, banh mi and other Asian deliciousness to be found.
5	Best Chinese food in Vegas!
4	Watch out when your around the area! Asians can't drive worth for SHHHHH&&^! lol! It's true I myself catch myself not paying attention sometimes! Sorry to the lady I almost hit! LOL!This place is located on Spring Mountain, Chinatown area. This plaza has all the restaurants, boba tea, novelty gifts, dessert places, massage parlors, asian grocery. Heck this place reminds me of china sometimes with all the rude asians pushing and shoving not saying excuse me! But oh wells! Im still a fan because you can find pretty much everything that is asian related in the area.. I was looking for Bird's nest soup and they have an herbal store located in this plaza which has the bird's nest soup.. ( good for the skin by the way).. I usually hit this place up when im looking for medicinal items like the white flower liquid that helps me breathe during allergy season or my green tea, and I mean the real deal straight from the tree green tea.. Also, when i didn't like the layout of my unit in my apartment I had to look for Trinity Coins to block out my roommates negative energy, long and be hold this plaza had trinity coins located inside their Chinatown shopping mall.Overall I've been coming here since i was in high school, You will find all the asian remedies, foods and novelty items here at this plaza.
5	Back in 1999, Kenny Guinn declared this part of Spring Mountain as "China Town" because apparently all Asians in Clark County are Chinese. Sure, you can argue that all Asian people did originate from the Chinese, but thats not the point. The Chinatown Plaza was the very first China themed mall in Chinatown. And today the Chinese community of Las Vegas is very honored that the most famous resident of Chinatown is Floyd Mayweather.This shopping center has a Filipino Restaurant, a couple of Pho places, a ton of Korean restaurants, and a huge shopping mall to buy Chinese gifts and Beckoning Cats. Like only 30% of this shopping center actually features Chinese businesses.Remember that Chinese food has a 5000 year history. So that's why so many of our favorite Japanese and Korean dishes look so similar. Every other Asian country stole their cuisine from China. A lot of you know that Ramen originated in China, but did you know that Sushi also originated in China  as well?Most of us use this shopping center as a place to park because the shopping center with Ichiza, Yagyu Yakiniku, and Anime Ramen has no parking spaces. I've never been towed, but recently they hired this gigantic Native-American parking enforcer who looks f*cking scary!When I first moved to Las Vegas, I immediately noticed that all the different ethnic groups of Asian people hated each other. There was a gigantic and vicious inter-Asian rivalry going on. I didn't like this one bit because as a young child, I grew up in Arcadia, where one of the most brutal concentration camps for Japanese-Americans once existed. As a child I remember seeing Chinese-Americans get told to "go back to Japan". During the LA Riots, many African-Americans in the area used to say racial slurs to Chinese-Americans, telling them to go back to Korea. My point here is that we as Asian-Americans all had to suffer together because they just don't care what specific type of Asian we are. Vincent Chin made this argument a fact when he was murdered.  The very first documented Asian-American was actually Filipino. But, the very first large migration of Asian-Americans were Chinese. They paved the way for all the rest of us. Since they first set foot in the United States, they were hated and vilified for no reason at all.  In the 1850s,  a legislative was passed that made Chinese men unable to testify in court, in 1862 California residents voted that all Chinese residents should be taxed for being Chinese, 1878 the United States Government revoked every Chinese immigrants citizenship as Americans even if they were born in the USA, they were also prohibited from getting married, and in California it was NOT illegal to assault a Chinese man, in 1882 all Chinese immigrants are banned from entering the USA. Most of these laws were not repealed until the 1940s!! Frequently, I walk around in Chinatown and see a "westerner"acting completely disrespectful and making racist jokes towards every little Chinese decoration in the plaza.  The reason they do this is because the Chinese people are too polite to them and allow them to do this. These "westerners" should thank God everyday that they didn't do that in a Vietnamese district like Westminster California, because I guarantee that some Vietnamese guy would have beaten the living crap out of them, abducted them, and brought them to the backroom of a Pho restaurant and force them to play Russian Roulette. Yeah, it's called "Russian" Roulette, but the Vietnamese are the only people who are Man enough to play it. All I ask, is that you treat the Chinese with some respect when you come here. You don't see Chinese people  come into stores like "EXTREME John Smith's HARDCORE Dirt bikes, Surfboards, and Skate Shop" and disrespect you guys.
5	- I have to give them credit for being the first (or very early) complexes to establish Chinatown in Las Vegas.- Needs more parking since the place is so popular.  I come here mainly to ride the Vegas Express Bus (Chinese bus) between Vegas Chinatown and L.A. for $25 one-way.- Compared to Cali any Chinese (or Vietnamese) business in Vegas is usually not as good whether it be 99 Ranch supermarket, Sam Woo's BBQ restaurant, dim sum, banh mi or pho.  Still, I think the quality and definitely the prices for Asian products and food is good considering we're in the middle of a Nevada desert.
3	My first time to Las Vegas Chnatown plaza after going to Vegas for so many years!  and after being here, I kinda understand why none of my friends mentioned this place...  It is not a TOWN, it is really a plaza..  some restaurants here and there, but I guess I probably wouldn't want to come all the way to Las Vegas from Cali. to have Chinese food!    Don't expect too much when you come here, except maybe some cheap meals...
3	My asian self just had to check this place out. I dragged our whole group out here just so that I can check it off of my yelp bookmarks (yeah, i'm THAT friend lol). At least it was easy to find! Just a few miles away from the strip and boom! -- we have arrived.... to what I am not really sure. We might have gotten here quickly, but it was rather disappointing. Literally, a small shopping center with little to offer. And its not even like I am spoiled here-- I'm from LA  and our chinatown is kind of lame too. There were some similarities though that made me feel right at home; the cliche chinese store selling the meditation balls, fart bombs and back scratchers; the bakery that had your typical baos and the grouchy looking lady standing behind the counter; and the boba place-- oh wait, the boba placeS! There were quite a few in this plaza. So, if you're a boba fiend this place is your place to be! ...unless you're a boba fiend that can't make decisions quickly. If thats the case, you will be here for a while, you have at least five to take a pick from. I can't even tell you the name of the place I went for boba-- it was THAT good. meh meh.Overall, this place is definitely worth a quick look if you were ever curious about Las Vegas' Chinatown. I'd come back and search for some dim sum next time. You know, thats if my friends ever let me live this yelp disappointment down. To them, this was not worth leaving their hot poker table or the dranks, oops!
4	I have been to the Plaza many times but this year was the first time I went for the New Year festivities on Sunday.  It was $3 to get into the vendors and the entertainment.  It was fun, but I didn't stay around the entertainment too long because it was a warm day and it meant a lot of standing in place which is never fun.I did a walk around the vendors, got a free shirt and grocery bag from caesars Entertainment, won a paper umbrella by rolling some dice, found the Yelp table and bowed several time, and I looked at the assorted food vendors.  While it was a fun time, it's not something that would be on my radar as a yearly event.I had a better time, as I have in the past, of just walking around the mall and looking at the menus of the various Asian restaurants and checking their ratings on Yelp do decide on future places to try when I'm in the area.  Since I often go to Las Vegas Little Theatre which is in Chinatown, I can do two things in the evening and enjoy some good food before dinner.I did make a purchase.  I stopped in the Diamond Bakery, a place I've been to several times before.  I do like the Las Vegas Chinatown Plaza.  Although small with many good places spread out to the west along Spring Mountain Road, this is still a fun place to walk around and soak up the sights.
3	As a shopping area, this can be a good place to find collective of Chinese stores from grocery to furniture and there are also tons of restaurants here too.  They were the landmark that spawned the rest of the Chinatown neighborhood, which made this place a bit old.  The cars can get a little crazy in the parking lot, and me being Asian did not add to the solution, which I recall one time speeding into a spot at 40~ mph here.On the very south, they got a Chinese medicine store with dried seafood, and a Ranch 99 grocery store next to it.  The middle section has a mixture of stores and restaurants, places that sells boba tea and restaurants with mixed reviews.  North side has one yucky dim sum restaurant on the outside and an indoor area with many small stores including bookstore, bakeries, more boba teashop, and a cafeteria style restaurant in the center.  I think they also have a fishy looking massage upstairs...Chinatown Plaza can be a great place to shop for Chinese culture items with the exception of Chinese food, since most the restaurants here are "meh" at best.  Other than that, they do make a decent touristy site.
4	I am Chinese, and have been to China, so I guess I should know..lol It has a good amount of variety. I could use better parking.
4	Good dim sum, great bubble teas, and a clean attentive foot spa with large rooms and flat screen TVs ... what more do you need?
4	Asian food in Vegas? Why would you do such a thing when there is all this 4-5 star restaurants? Well, a nice bowl of Pho is always nice after a long night of partying. Pho Kim Long is the one that I have always gone to, but there are many smaller pho places with much shorter wait time nearby. There is pretty much a little of every type of Asian food here. It has expanded from one plaza to many others. A pretty good selection if you want some Asian food at affordable prices. Now they just need to clean the area a bit. A nicer feel would go a long way.
4	Really cool place.  Good food and fun shops.  I would reccommen visiting this place if you have not done so!
4	This is a fun excursion for those that live in Vegas or tourist looking for some interesting food or souvenirs.  We found some great- quirky gifts at great prices.  I will definitely return.
2	2.5 stars.  Just a little less than "A-ok"There is a variety of shops and restaurants at Las Vegas Chinatown Plaza.  We've been to a few of the restaurants.  None of the restaurants have impressed us though.The only place here that we consider a destination is No. 1 Boba Tea.  You cannot spot this place from the outside.  You have to enter the mall, and there you will find it hidden away.All the other places inside Chinatown Plaza are just mediocre.  There are much better restaurants and bakeries to be found elsewhere on Spring Mountain Rd. in Las Vegas.
2	Pretty cool looking place.  Made to look like China.  But of course, it's Chinatown.  But you really don't come here to shop.  You come here to eat.  I guess it's a Kodak moment, so bring your camera, takes some cool shots, eat and leave.
1	I always like to check out Chinatowns in different cities. This is not a Chinatown like many of you, including myself, believe. There are not cute Asian shops with legit bakeries and hole in the wall places to visit. It is seriously like an Asian food plaza with Korean, Vietnamese, Chinese, and Japanese. I already had lunch so we just drove around the plaza to see what it had. I just saw restaurants and bakeries and it isnt much of a walking around place to visit. I say you come here for a meal and maybe grab a boba and bounce. You can easily find these restaurants and plaza back in the bay so this is hardly worth a visit. I bet a few restaurants are good but didnt get to try. The only good thing is that there is a Bank of America next to it so you can withdraw cash without being charged at the hotel atm...so you can end up losing it while gambling.
5	This is one of the newer china town in America. As I remember it was built in 1993 and it grew bigger. The funny thing with me is this I visit every China town everywhere I go. I know some of those places are sleazy but it's what my father taught me. Everywhere we travel we always find a Chinese location or a China town to visit. This is a nice spot for visitors. Their variety of shops are cool. I like browsing at all those small shop. I mainly look for Chinese pop stars or just miscellaneous toys that are cool. it's as good as it get.
3	This Chinatown plaza is ok. There are always a lot of people here, so parking can be a little tricky. There are a ton of eateries, a ranch 99 supermarket, and a couple of cute shops inside as well. It still feels like a strip mall, like the many that dot this road. I'm not a huge fan of this plaza, but it does have some okay eats.
5	Asian food heaven all in one place. Love this place!!! The mall is cool, many stores just sell the same stuff as the next.
3	Having lived in Las Vegas for a year my wife and I never knew there was a Chinatown. The instant we heard about it we got in the car and headed there.  It's a pretty cool place, tons of places to eat and a little shops to check out.  We didn't eat there but we did enjoy looking around in the shops.  For the most part all the shop owners were very nice and courteous.  There was one who tried to haggle other customers into buying her products, it just ended in the being driven away. If you're looking for something different from the usual Vegas things or want to go on a little adventure I would head on down.  There's also a lot of other things to see around the area.
