2	The good things about this hotel were the location, the friendly staff and the Wi-Fi.The undesirable things were the color of the room (bright purple-blue), the uncomfortable pull-out sofa bed (according to my friend; the bed was fine) and the dingy, thin towels.I will not be staying here again.
4	May 16, 2013We stayed here for two nights during a short trip to Montreal.  First of all, read the reviews on the travel websites and realize that this is NOT a luxury hotel.  Really, it's more of an old apartment building.  I didn't explore the hotel much since our room was right next to the check-in counter, but I don't think they had any common areas.  The free breakfast is served in your room -- toast, jelly, peanut butter, croissant, and choice of coffee or tea.  The rooms were old and obviously outdated, but everything was actually pretty clean.  They have one of those painful, water-saving shower heads.  The towels are more worn than my cleaning rags, so you may want to consider bringing your own.  Free parking is in the back of the hotel -- there are tandem spots that can fit eight cars, but you have to leave your keys at the front desk in case they need to shift the cars around.  The reason why "I'm a fan" of this place is not because it's particularly nice, but because it's exactly what I needed for a short trip on a grad student budget.  Where they lack in amenities, they more than make up for in price and location.  It's located downtown and within walking distance of many tourist attractions -- we walked to Mont Royal, Old Montreal, Old Port, and Chinatown.  If you're not a fan of walking, there is also a subway stop less than two blocks away.  Overall, a good deal for the price relative to other places in the area -- but at that price, you really can't expect it to be all that nice.
3	We had a 3 night stay in this old squeaky chaired house with 3 floors situated on one of the main streets in central Montreal. We came straight from the night bus at 9:00 AM. We got the room on the 3d floor, which was spacious with 2 queen beds and decently decorated.  An empty refrigerator to keep our foods, check. Table with chairs, a sofa, a good closet. So far so good! The bathroom made me giggle every time I was in there: old materials, decently clean, but with a lose toilet seat, a disgustingly dirty bath curtain, 3 drops of water that came from the shower head, towels so small and thin that after drying your hair there's no more towel left for your body, it was hilarious. We are experienced backpackers and therefore accustomed to cheap and low graded hostels, so we could handle it, but well, enough said. Add to that that one day we came back from the day finding our room door wide open and you could call this a horror scenario. The housekeeper forgot to close it. Fortunately we  had all our valuables on us and didn't miss anything and the manager sincerely apologized but what a huge failure. The beds were fine as was the quite.  If you want 'cheap' and don't mind some inconveniences and don't value your stuff, you'll  have an okay stay.
5	I don't understand why this place isn't rated higher, not just on yelp but on Priceline and trip advisor. This was an amazing find! The location was perfect with close proximity to music venues, Olympic park, the metro and fabulous restaurants. The staff was friendly and they bring (continental) breakfast to your room for free. There is free parking, which it was sketchy that I had to leave my key at the front desk, but the lot is small. I got a better night of sleep in this 2 star $35 night hotel than I did in my 4 star $100 night hotel in Toronto! Oh and my husband and I got a room with its own bathroom too, be sure to get one if your don't want to share with randoms!
4	Very nice high ceilings. clean and comfortable. front desk is not 24hrs but had someone wait to check me in as I was delayed until midnight to the hotel. free parking in back. good location. free wifi.
3	I stayed one night at this hotel with my girlfriend on a Saturday night. The hotel was super hard to find on a rainy night. The sign wasn't really lit, but it's right next to the Hotel Place des Arts, which sounds like a nightmare from reviews. I'll note now that it includes parking, which was one of the major appeals to me and likely other travelers. Upon arriving, we were greeted by a friendly, but quiet young man at reception. He found our names on a handwritten piece of paper and directed us a couple doors down to our room. The lighting in the whole building is probably the worst part. Very sketchy, old fluorescent lights that are somehow harshly bright and eerily dim at the same time. It's perfect for those of you looking to film a low-budget adult film. The room was somewhat large, with two enormous windows aimed at the back lot. The bathroom was goofy, with 3 toilet paper holders and a small frameless mirror with caulking seeping out the sides. I didn't shower (sorry), but it looked like the most modern part of the room (still a decade old). Should have showered.We watched TV for a while, which was fine. The whole place has a slight off smell, which I'd expect at a place of this quality. There was one of those twist top air fresheners in the corner that wasn't doing its job. Do your job, air freshener! As far as cleanliness goes, we were pleasantly surprised to not see a single bug during our stay. Cool! I also lifted the bedsheet to check for bugs, stains, etc. and it looked noticeably clean - probably cleaner than my own mattress. Exhale, I don't think you'll find any bedbugs here. It wasn't super loud and we felt relatively secure. It wasn't the most comfortable sleep I've ever had, but it was worth the 60-something USD we paid. It's a fine place to lay your head, but not if you're pretentious about where you stay. If you are, I wouldn't recommend booking a $60 hotel.
