2	Molly Maids is pretty hit or miss for a cleaning service. We used them awhile back and they did a pretty good job aside from missing some little things, then we used them a few months ago and they missed some big things such as DUSTING. Considering they send two housekeepers out to the house, I was pretty disappointed.  And they charged us for 2.5 hours for cleaning a small townhome. Seems a little long to me for such a small place.
3	3.5 stars.Why? I'll explain.+Very easy to call and make an appointment.+ My appointment was the same week I called.+ They're very communicative and responsive to your calls.+ Very easy to set everything up and know what to expect. (They knew it was a move-out cleaning.)+ They cleaned out the fridge.+ A couple days after the clean, they called me to follow-up, make sure I was happy with the results. As for the downside? I'll explain.- They cleaned but didn't move anything out of the way to do so, not even a a few non-heavy boxes I had out. - They didn't wipe down any walls.- They missed a few corners (yet they organized under my sink!)- They didn't leave an invoice!!! Uhm, how am I suppose to know how much I was charged? (Oh wait, I had to ask.)They charge by the hour, with an hour minimum. That's $70 for the 1st hour. Then they charge in 15 minute increments. Somehow, my bare condo took 2 hours to clean; so, the bill come to $140. Was it worth it? Yes, because I was short on time. But, if I had more time, I could have (and would have) done the cleaning myself. I didn't see anything extraordinary that would make me go, "Oh wow, Molly Maids is the best." I guess you get what you pay for - a cleaning service - without the hassle of having to do it yourself.
5	The cleaning ladies are very nice and professional. I feel at ease having them in my home. They also are very dependable and punctual!
5	My husband and I decided to "splurge" and have a full house cleaning.  We were originally quoted 2 1/2 hours for our 1800 sq foot home, but as it turned out, it took 4 hours total.  Someone from Molly Maid actually called me to ensure that I was OK with the extra time it was going to take than what they originally estimated.  I was.  Angie and Stephanie did an AWESOME job.  My husband and I are still remarking hours later at how everything SHINES and smells so good.  I couldn't believe that Stephanie actually took the knobs off the stove to be able to get in there and really get it clean.  Angie was on her hands and knees dusting our end tables.....amazing how hard these two ladies worked for four hours.  We are very, very happy with the results.  My parents, also in Fountain Hills, have been using Molly Maid on a monthly basis to clean their home for the last couple of years, and they have been very satisified with their cleaning, as well.  Highly recommend this company!
5	Molly Maid does regular house cleaning at my house in Ahwatukee. They perform quality work at reasonable cost. They are trust worthy, flexible to my schedule, and are open to requests to work in areas which need special attention. I highly recommend them for housecleaning services.
5	Reliable service, fast, professional - awesome!
5	I used Molly Maid for the first time this week.  I had been very disappointed with a previous company so I was concerned regarding what kind of service they would provide.  However, the team from Molly Maid went above and beyond my expectations.  They cleaned my house the way I would have cleaned it with great attention to detail and nice extra touches that previous companies never bothered with.  It is rare to find someone who really cares about their work.  However, Molly Maids team does!  I am thrilled to have found them.-Tanya W.
5	Great job! Had two very nice ladies come and clean our crib for a couple hours. They sure got in the nitty gritty of things. Most impressed by how clean they got the bathroom. Even behind the toilet was super clean! They got the top to bottom everywhere we directed them. Great job!
1	Had two homes "cleaned" by Molly Maids- if you want to call it that.    First house was a "move in".   I had already cleaned the bathrooms of the small 1000 sq ft home.   For some reason,  it took them almost three hours.   There were two women and one was talking on the phone NON-STOP the entire time.   She was holding the phone between her shoulder and ear for over two hours!!!  She basically did nothing while the other woman cleaned... over the areas I told them I had already cleaned.    I was charged 169.00 for this!!   Then,   a couple of days later,  they "cleaned" a move out.   I am not sure why they call it a "move out".. when they do absolutely nothing special.   Inside of cupboards were not cleaned,   -   just a superficial cleaning for 149.00.    Moving is so stressful that I thought I would cut down on the amount of work I had to do,  but I will never hire this company again.   I - not being a professional cleaner-  could have and would have done a better job in a shorter amount of time.    Very overpriced,  inefficient and nothing special!
1	Hands down, the worst cleaning ever!  They sent two of the laziest women who seemed annoyed that they were bring paid to clean a house. I was paying for a deep clean as the home had been vacant and they basically vacuumed and that's it but somehow it took them 3 hours to finish the job. I pull up to the home and they are sitting in their car yet I'm still being charged for their time.  I tell them I want to check the finished results and I couldn't believe what they called a deep clean!  I wish I could post the pics of urine still on the toilet, black paper towels from their failure to actually clean in the drawers(which was specifically asked for), stuff on the carpet as they don't vacuum all the way to the wall, dirty light switches, and they ruined a portion of the new tile upstairs.  Spoke with their manager and she did they would stay on her dime as long as we needed unfortunately they stood there watching me on my hands and knees cleaning the cabinets, etcetera. Was told by manager she would call and not charge me but upon checking my credit card she immediately charged the full amount.  Their owner Mark called a week later and refused to believe his people did not do quality work, if only he would read all these reviews.  He was one of the brashest human beings I have ever spoken to and very combative.  He told me to dispute the credit card charge if I was unhappy with their work. Molly Maids does not stand behind their work and if you want to pay money to have to reclean your home once they leave this is what you get.  RUN from this company!!!!!!!!!!
1	Do you like: dead flies left on window sills, dried food on cabinet shelves, dirty fingerprints on light switches, dirty mirrors, filthy tracks on sliding glass doors, urine on toilets, drawers not wiped out, dirty baseboards, then this is the company for you!  They were hired to do a deep clean on a vacant home for move in.  Two extremely lazy women spent a leisurely afternoon in an air conditioned home doing nothing.  Save your money and sanity, find another cleaning (that's a word not to be used with Molly Maids) company .
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this company. I have used their monthly cleaning service for nearly a couple years now and they do a great job every time. The cleaning crew is detailed, they do a fantastic job of taking care of special requests, and I feel safe having them in my home. The owner, Mark, is outstanding. He does a great job of taking care of his customers. This is by far one of my favorite bills to pay each month because I love what I get for my money.
1	Called this franchise to schedule a move-in clean for a new home we'd just purchased.  The house was clean, but had been vacant for a while so there was a layer of dust everywhere.  We were moving in from out of state, and wouldn't get a chance to come clean the house before we got to the new one.The top-to-bottom move-in cleaning services sounded really excellent over the phone- light fixtures, blinds, baseboards, inside and outside cabinets and drawers, bathrooms, and floors.  In short, exactly what I needed.  When we got home and got a chance to inspect the cleaning, only the bathrooms had been cleaned.  And by cleaned, I mean the bathroom counters had been wiped down (with large missing spots), the toilets scrubbed, and the towels refolded.  That's all that was done during a two hour clean of a completely vacant home. I called the main customer service line to leave a complaint (it was the weekend) and I got a call back from a franchise representative that Monday.  I'm beyond incensed thinking about that phone call, where I had to argue for over 15 minutes that no, my house really wasn't cleaned, and yes I was sure.  My husband finally took the phone from me and asked to speak to a manager, finally getting us a re-clean scheduled.I have no issue with the ladies who came into do the re-clean, because they worked hard.  Slowly, but hard.  It took two ladies the entire two hours to clean my kitchen, and the kitchen was completely empty.  The kitchen wasn't even truly dirty in the first place, it just had that layer of vacant house dust all around.  The team's time was up, and they had to leave.After getting absolutely nowhere with a second phone call to the manager, my husband finally called corporate.  Corporate told my husband they could do nothing for him, as the franchise owner would be "losing money" if he were to send a team out a third time to do the cleaning that we hired them for.  Well guys, I lost money hiring y'all for a job that ultimately got 1/4 completed.I'm a disabled veteran and I seriously needed the help with this initial cleaning of my new home.  Now I'm a significant chunk of change poorer, and my house is still dirty (as I can clean on my own, but only a little bit at a time).  I'm very disappointed, as I'd used this franchise in the past (when I was stationed in North Carolina) and received excellent customer service.  The only way I'll walk away satisfied from this particular franchise is if I get my money back.  Run, don't walk, away from this company!
