4	This is the second location for Nourish. The original location is in Scottsdale, but I've never been interested in going there due to the lackluster reviews and availability of other great restaurants in the area. However, when I found out they were opening across the street from my house, I was much more enthused. My husband was so excited that he can eat everything on the menu since it's all gluten-free and dairy-free. There's also plenty of vegetarian options for me.My husband stopped by on opening night and got a chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries for himself and a mock tuna salad sandwich with garlic hummus and veggies for me. Both sandwiches were served with gluten free sourdough which looked strangely pale gray but was absolutely delicious. The mock tuna was good enough to satisfy my tuna salad craving, something I've missed since becoming a vegetarian. The hummus was too gritty for my liking, but it definitely had great garlic flavor. I tried not to steal too many of my husband's sweet potato fries. They came with an awesome sweet dipping sauce. He reported that his chicken sandwich was good too.It may not be the yummiest food nearby, but when it's convenient and fits our dietary needs, I am still confident we will be ordering from Nourish often.
1	Oh no no no. I was so excited for a gluten free dairy free restaurant for me and my son that can't have it.  For my family of 4, with my 2 kids sharing a dish bill was $55. Steak tasted like way over cooked ground beef, sweet potato fries were drenched in cinnamon and nothing else. Very strange, my kids were not fans. My boys hamburgers were way over cooked as well and overly salty. I had a teriyaki bowl which was lacking the veggies was mostly rice for $13 and got charged $3 to add chicken and there was literally 5 tiny pieces. I had such high hopes for this place. We will not go back. Ever.
2	The food was decent, and I love that everything is gluten free. However, a spaghetti squash dish with chicken for $18 should be much larger than what they're providing.
2	This is a great idea but they don't know how to execute it. I went with a friend and the only two in line. Our orders came out at separte times and had diferent numbers attached to them. The waitress walk around with our orders asking other tables if our food was theirs.  My friends order was wrong and had to be sent back. Meanwhile my food was cold by the time it got to me. The prices were also higher than expected. I could have bought a pound of grass fed beef for the price of my bunless 1/4 pound burger.
4	This place can accommodate just about any diet, gluten free, dairy free, vegan, paleo, etc. the menu is clearly coded as to which dishes have meet which diet criteria. They've only been open 6 weeks which might account from some of the snafus mentioned in earlier posts. My husband had the teriyaki bowl and added salmon and I had the quinoa bowl and added salmon. We also shared the sweet potato fries which we both loved, a green juice and lemon bars. We liked everything we tried. There was a list of proteins you could add to some of the dishes like salmon, chicken, eggs, cheese, nuts etc. Irs nice to have something like this out our way. They are having their grand opening next Saturday.
3	Ok I am pretty disappointed that they've taken away the restaurant feel that the original Nourish had, I don't understand this concept at all. At least the food is good.
2	The concept is there but the execution is poor.  I've been in a few times as it's convenient to where I work.  But from set up to service, the business model is pretty dismal.  What would be best served as the front entry way is blocked by tables and there is limited seating on the inside- total functional obsolescence. The inside space would have probably been better used to put in a few industrial juicers and utilized for prep space.  I've had a couple of juices made there a la carte and the first time the wait was way too long, (my Jack Lalanne works faster), and the next time the girl behind the counter told me she had to ask permission to make my juice because there were two...TWO...other customers in the whole place, who had just placed an order.  I told her not to worry about it and walked out.  I just went over there to give them another try before solidifying my opinion, because every place has an off day, but this time the cook or manager had to get up from his laptop and get someone out of the back to ring me up.  He said he didn't know how to use the register.  The place was totally empty with 3 people working, and I had to wait to get rung up. The two employees "working" the register area were in the back gabbing it up.  Maybe just another off day? Dunno.  In my opinion, if Nourish concentrated solely on being a juice and salad joint, kind of like Grab a Green in Scottsdale, or Inta Juice in Chandler, they'd probably be much busier- and if they got some visibility from the main roadway that would help too.  I'm afraid this place might not make it long, short of someone like Marcus from the Profit coming in to revamp things a little. It's a total bummer because Gilbert really needed a place like Nourish, what with all of the pub-food-type places around and nothing really healthy.  So I was disappointed to say the least.
5	Delicious! And I love that my family, with so many food allergies, can all find something that we like here. Including my picky children :-)
3	I wish they would advertise more, they are stuck behind some buildings and you really don't know they exist.  I can only assume that means they aren't going to be around long-term.   However, the food is tasty and fresh, however you will be paying a premium for it.  Expect to pay $15-$20 per person for pretty small servings.
5	Frequent customer. Love what they are doing. GF, Vegan, Paleo. Everything made from scratch. The menu is small but well done. Excellent desserts, juices and smoothies. Well educated staff. Great prices for what is being done. Love that they do the classes and team up with the gym next door. Can't wait for the Tempe location to open.
5	Being a vegan bodybuilder, this place really fits my needs.  They have several vegan options and sell plant based protein powders that can be added to smoothies.  Love the protein burger and can't wait for the weather to break so I can sit out on the patio.
5	Definitely makes eating clean and delicous food much easier. There are even secret off menu items. My favorite is the Grass Fed Buger on Vegan Pancake Buns with an over easy egg and all the fixings. Delicous. Obviously I am not a vegan, but the vegan pancakes are amazing. Finally a place where I know I am able to satisfying all of my food cravings and know I am eating clean and healthy!!!
1	They weren't kidding when they said super small servings.... I placed an order to go and after waiting 20 min she brought me the wrong order. Then she proceeded to say the chef messed up. I ordered the pesto chicken and they made me the protein burger.  She also asked if I'd like to add a side... So I did for $5.50 ( the chili) well when I opened the container, it was full 1/3 of the way.   Seriously?!?!! I pay almost $6 and over 50% of the product is missing. Worst $17 I've ever spent for lunch. If you go here, plan on another stop somewhere else for the rest of your lunch.
5	Visitung Arizona because a close family friend is going to a treatment center for stomach cancer. She has no appetite but Nourish had food that was delicious and healthy for her. We didn't wait to long for our food to be ready. She got a yogurt cup in the refrigerator that she loved and ate for breakfast the next morning. We will defiantly be back while visiting. Thank you Nourish.
1	I had to give a star; if it was my choice it would be no stars. The service was great and the food came out quickly but to say the least the taste of the food was mediocre. Everything was bland from the desserts to the CREAMY coconut curry bowl which was not creamy at all. The taste was something I have never had before in my mouth and would never choose to have it again. The fries were bomb though.
3	I went to the chandler location for lunch a few weeks ago.  I used to frequent the one in scottsdale before it closed only because it was in my condo complex.  They definitely have healthy, organic, vegan options which I am partial to but for whatever reason most of the food that I have had here comes out somewhat bland and tasteless.  Healthy eating does not have to be this way.  I will say the air-fried sweet potato fries are always very very good
