5	This restaurant is new to Las Vegas and absolutely delicious. Once they get known a little more, they could def Win the review journal's Best in Vegas award! You gotta check it out! Wide variety of food available. Nice thin crust pizza that's full of toppings and flavor! Best Philly Cheese Steak in town! Really glad we found this place. They deliver in their area, too! Really friendly staff as well.
5	We're so excited that we found a great, locally owned pizza place by our house.  We ordered for the second time this evening.  Our first time we got the buffalo chicken pizza, mozzarella sticks, and jalapeno poppers.  Tonight we got the BBQ chicken pizza, mozzarella sticks, and chicken fingers.  I highly recommend all of these items.  They were all amazingly delicious!  The staff is super nice and delivery is fast!  I love this place!
5	I discovered this place a few weeks ago and can't stay away from it.  Not only is their pizza great but the Joe Philly's Burger is the most unique and delicious burger I have had in Vegas since I moved here a year ago.  The food is lovingly cooked by the owner and you can tell he really has passion for what he does.  The staff are all friendly and you can not beat the fantastic prices.  This is my favorite spot for tasty fast food.
5	We ended up receiving this flyer at the house and decided to try it one of the best choices we made. Such friendly staff the food was so tasty! We ordered a 10 inch supreme pizza which was delicious,  huge pepperonis are on it the Philly steaks were delicious they came with free fries and a drink which was a plus. Definitely will come back!
5	Some of if not the best pizza I've found in Vegas. Good crust, great cheese, and awesome sause! Skip the wings & the fries, nothing special. Stick with the pizza.
5	Service is excellent! Food is excellent! Very friendly and accommodate any size of party. Ordered the Joe's Philly burger and holy cow! Its awesome! 4 dollar cheese pizza on Saturday's and Sunday's have 20 dollar specials! They deliver but it's great just coming in. #SinCityMopar
5	BEST Burgers in Vegas! Sometimes, I need a badass burger and I need it delivered to my door looking like a television commercial and giving me flavor-wise what I want out of the Vegas foodie scene. I have found such burger. It's at Joe's. Seasoned and perfectly cooked burger covered in bbq sauce, bacon and a whole mixture of goodness. Fries were crispy! Delivery was fast and polite!  Service is excellent when you call in too, which I appreciate very much.
5	being from philly i'm always on the lookout for a good cheesesteak. this place has it. also bought a hoagie for a friend who said it was great. a great sandwich starts with a great roll. they have great rolls. they have only been open a couple of months and once the word gets out they are gonna take off. I ordered to go but they have plenty of seating with a separate dining area. I can predict lines around the corner to get into this place.
5	I am so excited this pizza is true philly pizza. Tastes better than anywhere in Vegas. I give it five stars with one caveat. The bottom side of the crust was 60-70% pitch black. I don't know if that is how its supposed to be done, or if that happens when you reheat slices, or if the oven is simply just not clean. It tasted slightly like burnt toast, but overall i am very happy to have found this place. It still gets 5 stars.Also, they really do have the best cheesesteak in town. And, they always serve you just out of the fryer nice and hot  french fries.
5	GR8 customer service...even though it was delivery...they ran out of their chocolate cake so they gave me an extra slice of dessert...There pepperoni pizza is YUMMY 2 MY TUMMY...LOVED iT!!! And the hot wings were good too....everything was good....THANK YOU!!!
5	Have been here twice and each times has been awesome!First off the staff is friendly and helpful.  You are immediately greeted as you walk in the door.  The staff is also great at making recommendations and letting you know about the specials they have.  Restaurant is very clean and the staff very attentive.  The last time we where there we got free dessert! Thanks guys!!!!As for the food, all I can say is I loved it!  Both times I went it was with a group of friends and we ordered pizza.  I have finally found a good pizza place in Vegas!  They focus on making good pizza with out all the frills.   They are generous with the toppings and the pizza crust is well made.  One thing that I really appreciated was the pepperoni they use. The slices of pepperoni are large and it helps to make sure that every bite has a good bit of pepperoni on it. Overall if you are looking for good Classic America pizza then this is the place to go.  I will defiantly be going back as I am already craving their pizza again!
2	I've been to Joe's 4x now with friends. Each time we all have tried different items on the menu to try and get something we found that we actually liked. We've tried the pizza, wings, burgers, and Philly cheese steaks. Each time we all left feeling like we didn't want to go back, but it's the kind of location you wish you could.Pizza - pizza hut quality crust & sauce quality with papa murphy's (frozen pizza) quality toppings. The pizza was a mess. The toppings rolled right off of the pizza and ended up on your plate in a big mess rather than in your mouth. The quality of the toppings were mediocre. We got a supreme pizza (large) and it fed 2 of us but wasn't something I would go back to eat again. You could get a higher quality pizza at a franchised pizza delivery service (for less $$ too) even though we dined in.Burgers - had a western burger and it was decent. It's not a burger joint but the patty and bun were good. The fries weren't good. On multiple visits we tried the fries and each time we couldn't try more than a couple. They were hot, but the taste was incredibly bland and tasted worse than if they had just used a frozen bag from the supermarket.Wings - the best thing at Joe's. Well breaded, tangy sauce. Multiple members of the group stated this was consistently the best thing they tried. The only problem was that I wouldn't go to a pizza place to get wings. This is kind of the general problem - too many options on the menu with not enough focus. Is it a pizza place? Deli? Burger Joint?Service - there are always a lot of employees. They all seem nice enough but almost every time we have been there the staff acts as if they've never taken an order before. Again, the staff is polite but untrained or socially awkward.Water - we were charged $1 for a cup of tap water and we weren't told about that before we paid for it. If we would have known we would be charged for tap water we would've gotten a soda. This is a place I really wish I could like. The people making the food and taking the orders seem very nice. It's also local, so I want it to succeed but it just seems to lack focus around the menu and the ingredient quality. I know this place has (12) 5 star reviews which I think are all from the staff so I wanted to write something realistic to help other yelpers in their food decisions.
2	"Meh. I've experienced better." sums up my experience with the place. I've been here a few times and have tried a couple of different items and have pretty much had the same experience each time.The Goods: Friendly service, decent wings & good crust & sauce on the pizza. The Not-So-Goods:It's kind of hard for me to pin-point what exactly is wrong with this place. The servers are friendly, but they don't seem to know what can and can't be done. Example: I ask for a small cup of water and here is what I was replied with the times I asked - 1) Grab a bottle of water and it should be fine. 2) Sure, here's a cup and you can use the fountain. 3) Ok, I will give you a cup but be sure not to fill it up with soda...AND THEY THEY CHARGED ME FOR FOUNTAIN SODA ANYWAY (I didn't realize until after I paid). To continue with the lack of consistency, even though we eat in every single time, we are often brought out food already boxed up as if we ordered pick-up or delivery. One time once we ordered a pizza, the server walked out with the pizza in the box without any plates or utensils (you might ask why utensils...read later). At least attempt to cater towards your dine-in visitors. Lets talk about the pizza. I am a major pizza enthusiast and I don't believe there is a such thing as a bad pizza. But I've never been more disappointed with a pie in such a long time.I tried the supreme pizza and outside of the crust and sauce...everything was such a complete hope mess. It just seemed like they threw on numerous frozen vegetables, and then caked a lot of cheese on the top of the toppings and assumed that was it.  The peppers, and onions weren't fully cooked and the toppings were so heavy, I could barely even hold a slice without all of the cheese and toppings falling off. This is why having utensils would be nice so I can at least some pieces and eat the pizza with the cheese and toppings in one bite.This pizza would be somewhat passable if they only delivered, but if I'm dining in, I would expect some kind of quality increase since the pizza would generally be fresher. I severely question the reviews that say this is the best pizza in town. I understand that this is a local establishment, but that doesn't mean it should get favorable reviews for unfavorable flavors. Is this better than Digorno? NopeIs this better than Little Caesars? Sorry...but not really. I like LC though, but why would I come to a place that has lower quality pizza for double the price of LC ($8 for a supreme)?Despite the fact that some of their other food is decent (mainly the wings), I place a heavy weight on the pizza itself. I really wanted this to be a great place, but #soniamdissapoint.It just seems like they are on the cusp of making a damn good pizza, hopefully they take actual criticism and will make proper adjustments. If anyone is wondering why am I so critical of the pizza, it's because it's a pizzeria.#idonotproofreadsomyreviewsmightsoundlikegibberish
2	We ordered the Philly sandwich (husband said it was good) and also had a White Pizza.  The fries could use some work.  They tasted very greasy like the oil needed changing or something.  It was greasy and brown.  Yuck.  The pizza was just "okay".  The reason I say that is because I'm a garlic lover and the garlic tasted a little off, like maybe they are using bottled garlic or something.  Staff are super friendly and nice. Hope they make it.
2	This pizza is very mediocre, and looks like a blind drunk assembled it. I also asked for parmesan and chili pepper. . . they didn't come. The up side is that it is edible, and was open at 10 pm on a thursday. So that's nice. I am really surprised that this place got 4.5 stars. I am assuming that most of the people who eat here either don't get pizza, or are drunk. I would order from here again if I had no options though. So take that info however you like.
2	I've tried Joe's Philly several times after I received a menu on my door a few months ago. I have to say I've had better, but it's a decent place to grab a cheap, quick lunch.I'm not sure why it's called "Joe's Philly's Pizza" as that seems kind of confusing. Are they about the pizza? Are they about the Philly Cheesesteak? I didn't know that Philadelphia was known for their pizza.Anyway, in three visits, I've ordered their cheesesteak twice and it was pretty good. I've eaten a lot of cheesesteak sandwiches in my life - I would have to say this ranked somewhere in the middle to lower spectrum. However, the lunch special comes with fries and a fountain drink for around $6. I do have to comment that the fries were pretty soggy and under salted. The sandwich itself is not bad, it could use more meat, cheese and onions and peppers. The bread was decent as well.I've also gotten the chicken wings. The wings were actually pretty good. Not the best I've had, but definitely not the worst. The amount of buffalo sauce really varies. Sometimes they've smothered the wings and other times there's hardly been any on them. Either way, I think it tastes just like Jack's Hot Sauce, so I'll just put that on if I go back again.The service is pretty quick. They usually have your order to you within 10 minutes (usually less). All in all, it's not a bad place, but fairly mediocre. I'll have to try the pizza  if I go there again.
2	Its been about a month since the last time I ordered anything from here. I ordered about 3 times in about a month or two, and then pretty much gave up. I saw some really good reviews about this place, and was excited thinking finally I can get some good pizza. First time I tried it I said to myself that it was ok, maybe it was a fluke. Second time it was kind of the same thing. Funny, I even tried a third time and uh, well, its not good. There's nothing good about this place in my opinion. I think that it is almost impossible that this place has a single legit 5 star review. The people seem very friendly over the phone so its not like I'm venting over a bad experience or anything like that. Its just the food is not even really average. From the pizza, to the wings, to the cheesesteak. I tried quite a few things just hoping that it would be at least decent so I could have a convenient place to order from, and no luck. I wont be ordering from here again, and right now I'm looking at a bunch of 2 star reviews here on the screen about this place, and they are really accurate. It is kind of irritating to me that I think this place had like 10+ reviews total that all gave them 5 stars. Not a single 4 or less star review, and the food is really below average. Not cool.
1	Pizza was super greasy, they took a slice of cheese pizza and put all the toppings on it then melted it in the oven... so the ham and sausage was cold. Also 3.50 for one slice totally not worth it. Unfortunately I cannot recommend this place.
5	Had their take-out pizza which was just fantastic! The amount of sauces and spices were just perfect, and the ingredients were very fresh. I can't rate the pizza high enough, was great.
