5	I am so happy we found this place on the west side of town.  Excellent fast service.Great prices for service and repairs.I would strongly encourage anyone with a German auto to check out this place, you will be very happy you did, as I am.
5	I moved to Peoria from Seattle at the beginning of 2012 and own a 1988 BMW M6.  This car is a maintenance queen but I love it and am very particular about who services it. One of my concerns when I arrived in the West Valley was the fact that most of the independent German auto repair shops were located in Scottsdale which is quite a drive for me. Luckily I found Auto XTreme and have been extremely satisfied with the work they do.  Very friendly and personable service and most important to me, they always communicate with me and let me know what is going on and when I can expect my car back. They have also done work on my Mercedes SUV.I couldn't be any happier and feel fortunate to have found this place.
5	Staff is knowledgable and willing to take you back in the shop to explain the problems. They always get me in on the same day and they work fast. Overall, I feel like the prices are competitive and they always tell me what needs to be fixed right away and what can wait.
3	My 2000 Audi S4 was in need of a full inspection and to see what it needed for repair, so I found Auto Xtreme Service on Yelp and decided to give this repair shop a try. I went on their website and used their Contact page but I didn't receive any response. Several days later, I decided to email them directly. Finally, I received a reply and we coordinated a time and day to bring my car in for a full inspection.I brought my car in and stopped by at the front desk. It took the staff awhile for them to notice me and I had to call them aloud to make myself known. I spoke with their employee and told him about my S4's situation. After leaving my car there for the night, I get a call the next afternoon that I should stop by to look at their parts and labor estimates. He provided a very detailed document of what parts needed be repaired, the labor costs, and etc. I asked which parts are the most critical parts that I need to take care of first and he was kind enough to bring the mechanic in, who fully inspected my car. The mechanic (I wish I knew his name) was really nice and pointed out which parts I needed to take care of. He also took the time to explain in detail to me why that part was broken and how that part works. I was really happy that he was patient enough to explain everything to me.I told them that I would look over the document and give them a call. I noticed that some of the parts seemed overpriced (not to mention the labor cost). One of the parts was priced out for $770.00. I jump on to ECSTuning.com (OEM/Performance German parts company), and found that it was $85.00 and the brand is from an OEM company. I researched all the other parts that Auto Xtreme had documented and found parts are priced higher compared to ECS Tuning. I emailed the employee back and told him that I would buy my own parts and would like to schedule an appointment. Unfortunately, they don't install customer supplied parts and that was the end of it.The pros that I can find are that their mechanic I spoke with is very knowledgeable and had great customer service. Communication is somewhat there, I'm sure everybody has different experiences with it. For the cons, the parts and labor they charged are way overpriced. At this point, you might as well go to a Dealership. I'm certainly not paying a part that's priced for $770.00, when the same exact part (including part number) is priced for $85.00 at several OEM company websites. I would have rated Auto Xtreme for 2 out of 5 stars, but their mechanic was very helpful.
5	Nice folks to deal with.  Very knowledgable and helpful.  Thanks!
5	These guys Rock and know what they are doing especially on my Mercedes BenzCL500.  The car wash down the street shorted out my system trying to start it after running down the battery and put a high voltage through the electrical system wiping out the EIN Number in the Transmission Control Module (TCU)  Result... no starting car no nothing.  The diagnosis was tricky and I was looking at a possible $3000 bill plus.But thanks to David and Paul and the other mechanic there they found the problem and honored their quote to me even though they put in way more than 4 hours on thisproject. I highly recommend these guys for quality, professionalism and price, no question the best I've experienced.PS: It was Cobblestone but they did the right thing too and paid for all of my repair.Thanks guys!Steve C.
1	I had a problem with my 2004 Mercedes and told them the display on dash had 2 error codes. I had tried to replace the turn signal and  damaged the clock spring behind the wheel, which I explained to him. They held it for one day and didn't get to it. I brought it back on Monday and they called me and said it needs a clock spring and a turn signal.The cost would be over $900. I thought that was high. I told them not to do it ,so they determined it would cost me $290 for their trouble and nothing was done. I called a week later and just got blown off.    My opinion is to go elsewhere.
1	Recently I purchased a BMW M3 and was referred to Auto Xtreme by a coworker for a good independent repair facility.  Upon dropping off my car I informed them what I needed done and they took me to work which was very nice.  I recieved a call about 2-3 hours later stating they looked at my car and I needed to bring it to the dealer to get it worked on as a Technical Service Bulliten would cover one of the issues I reported.  I thanked them for that as it would save me cost of repair and asked about the other repairs I inquired about.1. Window regulator-  They stated you can adjust only replace (dealer adjusted it replacing wasn't needed saved $500 and had nothing to do with TSB repair could've been done)2. Programming key fob for unlockable functions- They refused to do it unitl I saw dealer first (had nothing to do with TSB repair)3. Windshield washer pump and grommet replacement due to leak- refused to work on until TSB had been done (nothing to do with TSB should've been completed)4.  Oil pressure relief valve leak- refused to work on again (nothing to do with TSB again should've been completed)Overall I would never go back to this shop nor recommend anyone to come here.  I wasted a whole day going here luckily they didn't try to charge me as I would refuse to pay like they refused my business.  I informed my coworkers about this and they will also go to other places of business after this incident.  AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE!!!!!!!!!!
4	Great service! Personable and honest team that treats their customers and cars right. Glad I found this place tucked away on the west side.
