5	You know, these guys REALLY REALLY work with me as a single mom. I CANNOT TELL YOU ENOUGH how grateful I am that they are affordable as they are, and still pay attention to my son. The director, Connie, really has done so much to help me afford daycare, when working at a job that only pays 9.50 an hour, and I NEED daycare to work...I have struggled to make ends meet and have no help from other sources anymore. To keep my son there meant so much to me and they are great, I'm sure more expensive places can offer more, however, I choose to stick with Kids Turf. They really are there for us moms that don't make a whole lot of money, and they have a great staff too, Reina is at the front, and Mary takes care of my son in the mornings when I drop him off and my son ADORES them. Thank you Kids Turf!
4	My daughter stays here and lets face it i cannot afford any other daycare than here. Whats most important to me is the safety of my daughter. Yes she has come home with a scratch or a bump here and there but the staff will let me know how and why. My daughter knows all of the staff which leads me to believe that they all contribute in watching the little ones. It's not perfect but for the price this place is a great value.
1	This is my experience, my opinion. Very disappointed with this daycare, my grand baby went there for 3 days and when I would call to check on her, all they would say was, yeah she is ok, but nothing else, like if she had eaten, I had to initiate to ask and staff was annoyed by my questions. While I picked up my grand baby one day, one baby fell from a chair because no one was watching him. I felt horrible to think they are just wondering in the room. :(  also When my daughter went in to talk to them and tell them she wasn't coming back, all the girl in the front desk said was, SMILING, oh OK! No questions asked, NOTHING. poor Customer Service. I felt they are there for the money and not the care of children.
1	Terrible! Dont bring your kids here. Specially if your child cannot express himself yet. Who knows what kind of care this facility does.Rules and procedures are inconsistent. The administrator, Connie bad mouths her staff. She says Mary should have not said that; Edna is not supposed to do that; but really these people are just following her instructions.They dont provide incident reports. Defensive about accidents. Rooms are not clean. No curriculum. Staff are not educated enough to actually teach your child. The staff are just care takers, not educators.Sure this facility is affordable compared to the others in the area BUT it's not worth it.For your peace of mind; ensured safety and development of your child just bring them elsewhere. You may pay more but its better than this rundown place.
