1	This is one of those places that I wish I couldn't give a star to.....Well it all started out great!  All I went there for was an oil change.  The employees were great!  They were fast, I was in and out in about 15 min.  So I had to go to the mini mart to pay for it.  And from what I understand it was the owner!  Well, I had a coupon for $10.00 off my oil change!  He ask me in a with attitude voice, soooooo.....$10.00 off what does that make it?  WTF, What the heck does he think?  I gave him a look back, well I gave him my money and just his cocky attitude. Then I decided to go back and get some cup cakes  after I already paid for the oil change, well the cup cake was like $1.29. I have him $1.30.  He just assumed I didn't want my penny!  Yes, I want my penny, he goes, ohhhhh did you want your change?  Again with his cocky attitude, I said matter of fact I do want my change!  He opened his drawer to give it to me!  What a freakin prick!  I will never ever, ever go back to that store again!  If he reads yelp, if he's that concerened about his store, he needs to hire someone to run the front, and he needs to lay low in the back!  Cause, I don't know who told him he works good with the public, because he dosn't!
5	I'm probably the devil's advocate in reviewing this despite different experiences. However, I also realized that the reviewers here are not reviewing the actual service of these technicians.I came in because I had a low tire pressure from the recent floods. I asked if he can fill my air to 35 psi so that the light can turn off. The technician did exactly that. And then I asked him how much his service was. He responded that it was free! But I couldn't walk away not paying for any service so I tipped him a couple of bucks even though it took no more than 2 minutes to fill all the tires up.Please fellow yelpers, they may or may not be owned or managed by that gas station store, but give some credit to the technicians. They do their jobs.
4	Hey I love this place. I have had nothing but great experiences here. They always get me in super fast and do an excellent job. The gas station owner - yeah he's an ass but I find that to be a part of his charm.  The rest of the employees are pretty cool for people that work day in and day out at a gas station.
4	Took my car here this past weekend for an oil change. The guy at the front desk was very helpful and informative. Told me it would take 30 min. They took my car in, and I walked next door to have a burger. Was gone for about 20 and when I came out my car was just being finished. The guys working are all business and do a great job at getting cars out in a timely manner. Wish the waiting area was bigger, but the burger place next door more than made up for it. Price was right at what I was quoted. No extra bs. Will be going back for gf's car. -J. Soto
