4	Finally a Chick Fil A that is close to where I live and work. Yeah! I think they are great. Really good chicken sandwich. Plain and simple. Although I do add mayo and mustard to it. Got to love waffle fries!!Really nice and clean. Of course they just built it and it opened on Monday so I would hope so. It is a grand opening so all the corporate guys are there handing out cookie samples and coupons for free breakfast sandwiches. Line moved really good. A little confusing when we first walked in but figured it out. That is what you get for just blindly getting in line behind someone. Not as mobbed as I was expecting given that it just opened. Got right to the front of the line and food came out pretty quick. We got our food to go, a coworker and I, and took it back to the office to enjoy it.I will definitely be back at lunch time or dinner time. Chick Fil A is great.Plus they get extra points for serving Coke Zero.
4	First time at this chain. I love the Carrot and Raisin Salad--just like Mom used to make!And the Charbroiled Chicken & Fruit Salad was really nice. The Berry Balsamic dressing goes perfectly. Would've been nice if they offered some sliced almonds with it but oh we'll...Staff was incredibly friendly and efficient.I'll be back for something sinful next time.
5	I have my bestie to thank for my love of Chik-Fil-A! years ago while living in Tucson, she got me hooked on this place! All these years later, there's a brand new one not too far from me. Went there and grabbed lunch to bring to my hubby's work so he and I could have lunch together. The drive through lanes (2) were packed but once I got in line, it started moving pretty quickly. Got my food rather fast and with great customer service. Very friendly people, always chipper and smiling. Love their waffle fries...so easy to get addicted to! Love their food and the prices are pretty reasonable. I also think it's cool that they are closed Sundays so that their employees can enjoy a day off.Will definitely go there again!
3	This is the nicest Chick Filet Ever. I stopped with my boss on a recent business trip and the service was the best I have ever had a fast food place. This is brand new and everything is nice and clean.
5	I really love Chick fil a I always get a chicken sandwich I love that I can just order it as is and nothing is nasty on the sandwich I always ask for bbq sauce and it is really good in my book for fast food place. The boss of this restaurant loves dogs and has beggin strips and various treats if you bring your dog though the drive thru. The ppl at the restaurant are all great and very friendly I enjoy coming here, they should come to the foothills too and take the old building the jack and the box is in. =) I'd be really happy!!!!
4	Came here for lunch while we were in Phoenix. Ordered the deluxe spicy chicken with American cheese. It was pretty good! Love the spicy batter and their wafer fries. Only complaint was that the chicken sandwich was not that spicy but that's about it!Will definitely come here no matter what the politics say!
5	My uncle and I were at Chick-Fil-A last night around 7 p.m. and a kid named Jerry was working that went so above and beyond for a customer - that wasn't even us - that I had to write about it. A customer went through the drive thru and must have taken off before the employee working that night could give him all of his food. Noticing the problem, Jerry quickly volunteered to chase after them. The bag was small and couldn't have contained more than a container of fries, but Jerry sprinted after the car nearly a block. The driver didn't see him and he ran alongside the vehicle - that was moving fairly quickly for a parking lot mind you - until the driver finally saw him and came to a stop. I just wanted to share this amazing customer service story about a young man who did all he could to make sure a customer didn't feel ripped off at Chick-Fil-A. If I was a manager, I would find a way to recognize him big time!
5	They made our short visit wonderful by singing Happy Birthday to Carol! Great team and wonderful humbling staff! Love them!
1	Let me just say I LOVE Chik-fil-A!  We went here to get a snack and got a 12 count for 3 of us and I am so glad we pulled into the parking lot to eat them. Apparently whomever made the package couldn't count and shorted us.
5	We have adopted this as our Chick Fil A because its the closest one. My son loves chicken nuggets. We are here at least once a week. Service is always great, friendly, and quick. But this review is specifically about my visit earlier today. I went inside because I needed to order some party trays for this afternoon. I believe she's a manager, and I already forgot how to spell her name but it starts with a T, was FABULOUS. She greeted me right away, asked how she could help, and then offered me a seat so we could sit down and discuss my order.Another guy asked me if he could get me a drink, so I ordered a cherry coke with full intentions to pay for it. He said it was on the house. Sweet!While discussing my order, the manager asked if I wanted to do some cookies to, I hesitated because I had not tried them and before I could answer, she ran back into the kitchen to grab me one. A warm, chocolate chip cookie. It was delicious! Then another employee brought me a milk, just as a nice gesture. He told me it was the best way to enjoy their cookies. Its been a long time since I have had such good service. I know they've gotten a bad rap in recent years for the owners religious views, but great customer service will keep us coming back. This is how customers want to be treated, and we definitely take note and remember!Not only was I in and out in less than 10 minutes for a large order, they offered to cut the cookies a certain way so it would be easier to serve the kiddos at the school party this afternoon. I so appreciate the thoughtfulness that went into taking care of me today!
5	First time at a chil fil a as I'm moving out here from ct and it didn't disappoint. On top of the quality being far superior to other fast food joints as well as being super good the place itself is very clean and nice. Will definitely be back
5	We just moved to Phoenix from Las Vegas, I've heard a lot about chick fil a, decides to give it a try for the first time, it was great, i had the spicy chicken deluxe and kids meal chicken nuggets for my daughter, it was very good, will definitely give it a try again. Very friendly staff and clean.
4	This is probably one of our favorite of the fast food places. It is just about the only chain place that I will order chicken nuggets from, as are chunks of chicken instead of pressed/molded. Each location has a kids night, and my daughter regularly asks to go to these.  I went on line to view their menu, and found out all the offerings they do to help you ordering. Needless to say, now that I know protein-style is an option, it's the way that I order their grilled chicken sandwiches. =)
4	This is my first time ever at a Chick Fil A despite me being a die hard burger fan (Umami and 5 Guys ftw) but I do love me a chicken sandwich once in a while.This was a great experience, I ordered the spicy chicken sandwich which came with waffle fries. The chicken was cooked absolutely perfectly, moist tender juicy and the spice was just right. The chicken was very hot too which was great because it felt like it was just cooked and not premade like they do at McD and other fast foods, whether this is actually the case or they have great microwaves capable of preventing the drying process I have no idea but that was fantastic. I do think the burger overall could benefit from a sauce of some kind since it only comes w a lightly buttered bun and 2 pickles but maybe you're supposed to dress it as you see fit (ketchup/mayo on the stand). I was told there is also a CFA sauce but I havent tried it.Waffle fries were decent but really need some serious seasoning. The cook was decent, they were light so if you like the harder sides for fries you will not be pleased.I've read in the news that this place employees friendly people/trains them to be extra friendly. From my experience the staff are definitely more attentive and nicer than your avg ones at McD that's for sure. But hey I've only been here once so it might not be the best sample size.
5	When this place first opened, my heart skipped a beat and a single tear of joy streamed down my cheek. What can I say?! The staff is always so friendly! The food has never failed me. I love this place. I honestly love this place. This is the king of all fast food! All hail Chick-Fil-A!
4	Every time you write a review for a fast food joint, a puppy gets killed. :(Bad Yelper. BAD!It's no secret: I dig Chik Fil A. It's a rare treat, but this lady can get rocked with an Original Chicken Sandwich and some of those famous Waffle Fries! Haven't deviated much from what I initially tried during the year my family spent living in Woodstock, GA.Was pretty pumped to see this location open up near work!The service is always over the top friendly ("My pleasure!") and efficient, whether you dine-in, carry-out, or drive-thru it. Their chicken seems less mystery-meat esque than most fast food joints.*looks at ingredients list* *Dimethylpolysiloxane, "an anti foaming agent", what is that?!*Haha ok, let's stop lying to ourselves, it likely still is. But there's certainly a noticeable difference in quality. Plus, the peanut oil everything gets fried in just plain tastes better.  CFA gets points for all their awesome contributions to local communities. Don't forget to fill out the survey on your receipt to get a code for a free Original Chicken Sandwich on your next visit. Bock, boooocccccckkkkkk!
