3	Kids eat FREE everyday!!! Food and Service is ok.  It is just way too salty.  But it is a nice change from the other chains in the area.
2	the food was not what i expected.  to start with i ordered the veggie shish-kabob.  the  lemon potatoes where mushy and did not taste fresh.  my husbands gyro meat was extremely dry and had a weird after taste.  i wanted to like this place but wont be back after this experience.
4	I love the Big Fat Greek's lunch menu.  Whenever I go home to Phoenix, I always make sure I eat there.  This new location was a lot nicer than the Chandler Mall location I usually go to, but the food was not as good as the Chandler mall one.  My chicken souvlaki pita chicken was a little dry and the fries were not as good as I am used to having at the other location.  Service was outstanding though!
5	Great Greek experience ...everything was delicious ..server was very friendly Jazmine  took care of us!!
3	So this place used to be a Fridays or some such thing.First up, the parking lot in this end of the plaza is a zoo. Traffic coming in off of Gilbert road and people trying to get to or from the In and Out and Chick-filet make it wildly dangerous.If you survive the parking lot then its time to eat.   I've been there twice and they couldn't manage to deliver hot fries either time.  Of course you don't come to a Greek restaurant to eat fries.  The "Greek" food part of the menu is serviceable but nothing special.  Ordered a gyro and after 3 tries they got it right (no lettuce, no tomatoes).  Never got the fries hot, but eventually got the gyro right.Probably a 2.5 in reality but that wasn't a choice.
4	I want to give BFGR 4.5 stars - food was delicious, service impeccable, great atmosphere. The only thing stopping it from being 5 stars was the vegetables with the main - they were okay, but just boiled/steamed and plonked on the plate. They stuck out amidst an otherwise excellent meal -  the fried zucchini starter was crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. The beef and lamb souvlaki were tender and delicious and the lemon potatoes were full of flavour and perfectly cooked.For dessert we had the baklava cheesecake which was amazing. Fresh, light, sweet - shared between 2 of us and was perfect.To top it off, the service was excellent - Nicole was friendly and informative, and we were greeted by other staff and the manager.Great experience, would highly recommend.
1	What a disappointment!  I did carry out at the Crossroads location and the hot gyro was packed in the same container as the salad.  In addition, the gyro was dry and the lettuce was glassy.  It was a complete waste of money and I will not return there.  On the positive side, the two guys who helped me were extremely nice.
5	My husband got the braised lamb..so great! Everything was very good and our waiter Cameron was friendly and really on top of things for our party of 16!
3	Just moved here from Colo Spgs and had been to the Big Fat Greek there many times, it was one of our favorites. We always ordered the Big meat platter. We were disappointed when we came here and the items were different than what we were used to and also the portion size was also smaller. They hook you up In Colo Spgs, CO location, It was good, just not what were used to from our past experiences at MY BIG FAT GREEK. Service was good, restaurant was nice and clean. We may return for items that cant be found at a normal greek cafe, but found another yummy place if you want a juicy delicious gyro sandwich, Phoenicia is delicious!!
3	The only reason for the 3 stars is the awesome service Brandon provided for us in the bar!  We enjoyed the Greek salad last time so  decided to add chicken which was a disappointment because it was so dry!  I had really been looking forward to lunch here.  My husband liked his Parmesan bacon ranch sandwich alright but I didn't care for it.  I think we will still go back at some point but maybe just for happy hour as we don't feel the quality of the food is on par with the higher price point.
5	just finished te best pita i had in a long time my wify that is not a pita aficionada, love it!!! we will definetly come back also the service was friendly fast and prompt !! thank's big fat greek reataurant for a good experience
1	We've gone to several MBFG locations in the valley, and this one was by far the worst we've seen.  We went on Saturday evening (1/25/14) and sat at a table in the lounge. We put in a drink order, which the server dropped at the bar, but the bartender (young, oblivious kid) was too busy chatting it up with a woman at the end of the bar to notice.  Eventually (10 minutes later), our server went behind the bar and poured our beers herself.  There were a couple of off-duty employees of the restaurant eating at the bar, and they were so obnoxious - very loud, shouting over the bar, using obscenities, etc.  Now really, I'm no prude, but we also don't want to listen to that over dinner!  At one point during the meal, a female employee (not our server) came by with a broom and dustpan and literally swept under our chairs while we were sitting there.  We were like ummmmm . . .  really?  Couldn't you wait until we were gone to do that?  Obviously that was her last duty before going home, and she just wanted to get out of there.  We couldn't believe how rude that was.  Who trains these people?  We do have to give props to our server, Nikki, who was awesome (and obviously quite embarrassed) throughout all of this.  She was very attentive, and brought our food and drinks as quickly as she was able to, given the state of some of her co-workers.  Incidentally, I had the calamari salad, which isn't as good as it used to be . . . they used to have the calamari in strips, and these were regular rings and bodies, not cooked crisp, and they were a little cold too.  My husband got the greek salad topped with gyro, which was delicious.  Needless to say, we will not be going back to this location, and we highly recommend that you drive the short distance to a different MBFG location as well.
2	Not impressed.  Service food and overall qualityWill not keep me coming back. Server told our daughter that the muscles and pasta always gets complaints and so she was not surprised when we returned it. Manager left early so nobody to talk with. Service was not accurate.  Took two trys to get a Greek salad correct.  Hopefully place will do some improvements to keep getting and maintain customers.
3	It was good, service was friendly and fine.  I had the spanakopita, one of my favourite dishes and it was crispy and good.  Hubby had the gyro platter and it was decent.  We'll probably go back and try other items.
4	Coming from Chicago I've never been to one of these restaurants before. Awesome fries. Great lunch pita special. My Hawaiian pita was delicious. Free refills on $3 drinks. Pitas were large and not able to pick up and eat but still delicious! Really enjoyed my meal. Price was it was fair. Iced tea was good. They have coke products if you care. With Phoenix being full of chain restaurants, it was nice to try something that wasn't in Chicago. This is still a chain but still delicious.
