4	I've been here twice in the last three years and thoroughly enjoyed each time.  The park is clean and well kept, it's not too crowded and the staff is friendly.  The rides are fun, especially the steep speed slides.  I also enjoyed the lazy river.  The wave pool leaves a lot to be desired, for me, because I couldn't ride the waves; although it was popular with a lot of other people.The only drawbacks are that the ground is extremely hot during the summer, so be sure and bring some water shoes, or take your chances and leave your flip flops at the bottom of the slide.  The only other drawback is the price, it's $26 for each adult and that doesn't include $7 to rent a locker and the expensive food.
2	Ugh... This was a pretty disappointing place.I had a little problem with the Night Splash deal, which is basically admission for nighttime hours at a discounted price. The website says that the Night Splash tickets go on sale at the gate at 6:00PM, so I buy the tickets online earlier in the day, show up to the park at about 6 with my girlfriend and her 8 year-old kid, and they make us stand outside the gate for an hour in the 100+ heat because the Night Splash apparently doesn't start until 7:00PM. I think this place could use an adult presence. None of the employees had any customer skills and when they had 20 different pissed off parties of people who bought tickets online and apparently showed up too early, they still didn't seem to want to admit any problem. But that's what happens when even the senior employees aren't old enough to buy a beer.Aside from that, the lines for the slides were pretty long and they don't really move people through with any efficiency. They seem to not just wait for the previous person to get out of the pool below the slide, but then clear some painted red line on the concrete before they send the next person down. What the crap? I've been to other waterparks where they just count to 5 or 10 and it seems to work fine. I don't think I could tolerate this place during daytime summer hours.The whole facility is actually fairly nice and this place would be pretty cool if it was managed better, but for my money, I'll go to the Hilton resort by Squaw Peak. Not only is the staff more service oriented there, but you can also sip on a cocktail while you float around their lazy river tube ride.
4	Want to cool off ? Well Waterworld is one way to get wet . I think you have to be of the right mindset to make this worth it. if you don't like kids or crowds than find another place. It can be a bit overwhelming if you really want to chill.  My family and I have been members for 8 years. We have season passes which we buy in late spring each year for dirt cheap depending on the year. But if I was going for a day I would run over to costco first where they have 19.00 passes available .You can bring food to a front area and "picnic". During the week it's more peaceful unless an especially unruly school group is there. On the Weekends you have many working parents trying to stay cool, relax and watch their kids. Just word to the wise the weekends can be great or crowded. We have noticed the afternoons are less crowded. If you don't want to spend all day but still want to go I 'd say go around 3 and stay till closing . They have a snack bar with typical  pizza, fries, hamburgers etc. There is a ice cream store without much pizzazz.The rides are very safe, clean and kids have a blast.
1	Golfland has sold this site . Currently there is remodeling going on but no sign to who owns it !
4	So this place re-opens under new management as the all-new Wet'n'Wild water park in a week or two.  Sounds awesome if you look at their website and interactive map and a preview of all the thrill rides.  The landscaping looks to be much better too.  It's about time the hottest, fastest-growing and fifth largest city in the nation had an A-List theme park when SoCal has about ten alone!  When I see the Travel Chanel's "Top Ten U.S. Water Parks" they blow all of ours away.  I hope they re-engineer the wave pool with rolling waves, so that you can ride them like at Big Surf, instead of the intermittent "undulation" it had here before and at Golfland Sunsplash in Mesa.Although it wasn't opened its first year by June, it will run all the way until the end of October and season passes are discounted at $59.99 before opening day.  They can be purchased at their website address: http://phoenix.mywetnwild.com/For the latest info regarding their grand opening and a chance to win free season passes you can also follow them through Twitter at http://twitter.com/wetnwildphx and become a friend on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/pages/Phoenix-AZ/Wet-n-Wild-Waterpark/84174876135.
