1	Advanced Garage Solutions installed several cabinets in my garage last year. There were no problems and they were paid promptly. I called the owner, Jason, recently to do more work.  On several occasions he said he would come over to measure. He has not. I have called him several times with no response.
4	Update- 2014- the cabinets function well.   have called Kane and Jason at least two times each today as well as emails, to find out how and when they are going to correct the massively out of level garage cabinet install.  The price is low, but where is the customer support when YOUR team makes a mistake.  I will update and edit this review as the problem is either taken care of or ignored.
5	thany you jason! what a great experiance from start to finish. i though it was going to be a prefabricated unit only to find out it's all custom built on site. the cabintes have lots of sapce and the garage looks looks 100%  clutter free. im glad i made theis purchase what a great deal and service. i posted pictures on facebook to tell everyone use this guy!!
1	Well I wish I would have read the advice from others on this site and taken my business elsewhere. My cabinets where installed in Feb 2013 and the doors are falling apart and it is April 2013. Not from abnormal wear and tear,  doors that house stuff we hardly use. The cabinets we use daily, are just as bad. Now the worse part I called for service and  tell the "secretary" I need someone out here in the late afternoon because we work, which is how we paid for this, she has to constantly call u back because she has to speak with him to confirm his schedule.  Needless to say she has not called, Tom called on Friday to say "give me the weekend to get my schedule together and I will call u Monday". I'm still waiting, left messages, still have broken doors.   Horrible experience.
4	This company manufactures and installs garage cabinets.  Tom (one of the owners, the other is Deidre who handles most of the phone and email contact) came out, measured our space, designed our cabinets on the spot, and gave us a quote.  We exchanged a few emails asking questions (like how much to get handles, getting them to drop off color samples, etc), we decided to go with them.  They were able to schedule us within 5 days of our finalizing.  Paul (he makes and installs the cabinets) showed up and got the cabinets installed in one day.  He had to improvise a few things on the fly (e.g. making sure our 220V outlet was accessible, plus an obstruction Tom hadn't accounted for).  There were a few things Paul wasn't happy about that he pointed out to me, and he arranged to come back to take care of them.  He didn't even take payment then.  He came back, addressed them, and we paid in full at that time.  After about two weeks something apparently shifted or settled so that one door didn't close properly, and Paul came back and fixed it (plus replaced a door he didn't like because it was bowing).I really liked how easy this was, and how conscientious Paul was.  The cabinets look great.So in the "pro" column I have to put how easy the process was, the conscientiousness of the installer, and the service after the install.  They claim if we ever have any problems to give them a call and they'll handle it.The only "cons" I have are regarding the actual materials.  But it is important to understand that everyone uses these same materials.  So it's not a problem unique to AGS.  The doors are a laminated particle board, and only the surfaces visible from the outside are laminated.  The inner surfaces are exposed particle board.  They should have had an option to laminate the inner surfaces too (it would protect them better from moisture).  Though I would have preferred a marine plywood that could be stained and sealed (and, if Tom and Deidre are reading this, I would recommend that option be made available with whatever up-charge is appropriate)  The shelves are a "press board" (actually high-density fiber board).  Very strong, heavy, not laminated or coated.  Plywood shelves would be lighter, probably thinner for the same strength, and again could be sealed if the customer wanted.Yeah, I'm not a big fan of particle board.  But, as I said, everyone does it this way.  So I can't single out AGS for this.  If they had offered those options I mentioned I would have given them 5 stars, because everything else about the experience (at least so far) has been great.
5	This company was so professional from the moment I called for estimate to final installation. They called prior to appointment time to let us know they were on their way. On time for installation appointment. Very satisfied with finish product.
4	I called them because of their special offer in the Clipper magazine- $555 for 14'x6' cabinets. Seemed like a decent deal, in comparison to other places. When I called for an estimate, they were able to accommodate the exact time I needed them to be there. On-time, professional and we moved quickly through the options. I opted to go outside of the special and get something that was 11'x9'; didn't come out to be too much more expensive than the $555 and definitely utilizes space better. The installer was there when he promised, did a nice job, cleaned up his mess and was done early. The only hiccup was that two of the doors were cut short - as in, when closed, there was a gap between them. No problem for AGS, they offered to come out and fix it. Pushed me to be available the very next day, which wasn't possible... so they couldn't come out for another week. It's ok - but on pre-fab stuff, you'd think it wouldn't be so drastically different. I guess it was the owner, Tom, who ended up coming out to our house and fixing it himself... the next week, but again, on-time, nice guy. I would recommend you at least give them a call and see what they can do. It seems to be a good product for the few weeks we've had them in.
1	This company is the worst garage cabinet company out there! They took advantage of an elderly widow, installed the worst product possible, nothing ever lined up, the doors never even closed, things were falling apart from the first week. Drawers were mis aligned and fell off the tracks when you tried to close it. When I contacted them to fix the problems they refused. So luckily the cabinets were paid on a credit card, because of that the credit card company saw the pictures and evidence as well as quotes from other companies to remove the awful work and install new ones properly. The credit card company reversed the charge because they saw through extensive evidence the poor job that was done.  Fast forward to today, a year later, they are suing an elderly widow after the hell they put us through, after the credit card company decided in our favor, after they presented their evidence. Anyone knows that it is not easy to win a credit card dispute, you need to have all the supporting evidence and proof to back up your claim. We did that and won, and now they are suing us. Sick people!  They prey on the elderly and take full advantage. But they won't win in court as I have proof of the cabinets falling off the wall entirely and having to be replaced as well as the awful work they did and the expense we had to go through to rectify their horrendous work.
