5	The ONLY spot to get the real deal Montana Cans. Thank you Just Blazed for the quality products and experienced staff.
5	I'm in from our of town and needed charger and coil for my mod. These guys were super cool and knowledgeable. I love the layout smoke vape and graph shop with gallery.
1	"The best in town", this statement is obviously self proclaimed. I've been in the shop previously, with no issues. I stopped in this evening to replace a heating coil on my SKY HIGH vaporizer pen. I was embarrassed and shocked at the behavior of the announced "owner of the store for over 10 years". For those who don't know, SKY HIGH micro pens are essentially a clone of the micro g pen, even made by the same manufacturer. I've done extensive research on these pens to obtain the lowest cost possible. (Write that down)I walked in the shop and was greeted by the owner who asked if I needed help finding anything. I explained I needed a coil to fit a micro g pen. The owner directed me to a case with some generic pen parts, and a few Atmos pens, then went about his business. A few minutes later he asked if there was something he could help me with. Again I explained I needed the coil for my pen. The owner showed me a few parts that wouldn't work with my pen and said that I did not have a correct piece (??), and that my battery was "generic", and will never work with micro g parts. This statement from the owner was questionable, because after about a year of experience with the g pen, and the sky high pen, I can say with confidence the parts are compatible with each other (Write that down). The owner wanted to unscrew my pen and sell me a part that will not work with my pen in any way, shape, or form. I told him my pen does not even unscrew and the g pen coil is not set up to receive the g tank, which is the part he wanted to screw in my pen. The owner was clearly getting upset at this point, and his interest in obtaining my money was fading fast. From here, the owner had nothing left to do but tell me to leave his store, and call me a "fu**ing prick", I looked at him and asked "are you serious?", he continued to flip out and tell me to leave his store. As I said, I was embarrassed and shocked at the behavior of the owner. The bottom line is that the shop did not have the part I needed. This guy has no knowledge of the vaporizer pen market today. He even told me the reason they don't carry this particular part was that because the micro g pen is outdated and no one uses them anymore. Seriously? Let's get real here. Here are a few words of advice for your business moving forward. If you don't have a part available, maybe try and up sell the customer to another pen, or try and find a part that is compatible with what the customer has. Literally, this is how every other smoke shop carrying vape pens works these days. The customer is here to give you money for your services, calling them a "fu**ing prick" and kicking them out of your store prompts negative reviews and loss of revenue in the long run. You need to grow up and act like a mature business owner. If you've owned the shop for 10 years, you have not shown it. You act as if you were a school boy. After I left your shop I went to another on my way home. I'm happily enjoying my new vape ape as I type this review... Oh yeah, you're shop does not carry vape ape, only the generic globes, so I highly doubt you have any idea what I'm talking about anyway. The shop does have a few displays of Ironlak, and Montana paints, but seriously, what graf shop doesn't at this point? Laughable supply of paints in stock. I will never return to this shop, and I highly encourage others to stay clear of this hole in downtown. It is a well below Trails quality.
1	Stopped by on a Saturday and it was closed! Yelp stars they open at 10 AM and I left at 11 with nobody insight! Bummer is I had just downloaded their deal online!  And just after two minutes of having purchased it, I'm not able to use it. Can't say much for a place that doesn't post their hours in their store and doesn't keep their hours reliably.
5	I set an alarm on my phone just to make sure I wrote a review. This is, by far, my favorite smoke shop ever. It's always clean, well stocked, and I find something new every time. The staff are knowledge, helpful, and friendly!Always a recommend. My friends and I don't go anywhere else... If we can help it. ;)
5	Love this place. I recommend it to everyone who does art, paints, spraypaint, graffiti artists, writers, smokers, etc. I got a very nice e-cig/vape pen here for only $40 and a quality, pretty glass pipe for only $50... I also wanted to buy a painting they had on display but there was no price on it, and the artist who had done it wasn't there to give me a price... Liked the gallery/lounge in the back. I spent about $120 here and will be back in the future for art supplies.
5	This place never disappoints. I always stock up on coals and shisha here and it's good to know they supply my favorite brand 'Fantasia'.The place always looks pretty neat and clean and the service is so friendly! I highly recommend!!!! (:
1	I attempted to return a faulty vape fluid here once and they called to have my car towed. Not exactly the must adult response to a customer service request, methinks.
