5	Dr. Spilsbury has given me a smile that I get compliments on daily. He will not rush to put on braces to make money off of you. I have been going to him since I was thirteen years old. I am pleased with the results of my braces and friendliness of his staff. I have a permanent retainer that is just amazing. He is very accommodating and intelligent. If you have a specific problem like my little sister did, he was able to attend to her needs. I recommend Dr. Spilsbury because you will be pleased with the services from the very best orthodontist in Las Vegas.
5	Dr. Spilsbury is meticulous in his work.  He respects your time as a patient and is always punctual.  He carefully explained the options and offered a treatment plan that  that made sense and payments that were affordable.  The results are fabulous.  The staff is friendly and it's always a positive experience to be at the office.  I felt that they really cared about me.  I highly recommend them.
5	I was a patient of Dr Spilsbury as a teen when I had braces. I was fortunate enough to have my parents insurance pay for the entire treatment so I cannot comment on this aspect but I can comment on his quality of work.  As an adult I constantly get compliments on my teeth, even from dentists. Every dentist I have gone to comments  on how straight my teeth are and ask who my orthodontist was because they are so impressed with my alignment.  Really, its crazy.  I moved to Orange County last year and two dentists I visited made the same comments after cleaning my teeth.  It happens EVERY time!  Dr Spilbury knows what he is doing and produces great results.
5	I was a patient here as a teen. I started my treatments when I was about 11 years old and continued until 19 (between treatment and routine follow ups). After being seen by another orthodontist who wanted to pull teeth and put me on a plan that included about 4 years of braces, my mom sought out a second opinion from Dr. Spilsbury. Not one tooth was pulled and my treatment time was cut in half. I have horrible anxiety when it comes to getting my teeth worked on thanks to a horrendous dental experience as a child, but Dr. Spilsbury and his staff were more than understanding and did all they could to make sure I felt safe and comfortable. I had my braces put on in the 6th grade and removed at the beginning of 8th grade. I had to wear headgear, but Dr was awesome and told me to only wear it at night because he wasn't out to destroy my life in junior high. lolAfter I got my braces off, he put me in retainers and eventually gave me an invisalign retainer for the top teeth. Literally the day after I got it, I threw it away on accident while at Wet N Wild (Oh... the memories). I called my mom in tears and she called Dr. Spilsbury's office. They replaced it for free (on the condition that I wouldn't do it again. I never did) and never made me feel bad about it.My teeth did end up shifting a bit after high school between my facial structure changing and my wisdom teeth coming in. I got my braces put back on after I got engaged so my teeth would be straight again for my wedding. Being completely understanding of budget and time constraints as well as being bummed out about having braces put back on at 19, Dr. Spilsbury worked with me. He gave me a great price since I was now a cash customer and pushed my treatment as hard and fast as he could. My braces were off in 4 months and I now have permanent retainers. Close to 7 years later, and my teeth still look perfect. I recommend him to anyone and everyone who will listen.
5	All three of my kids got their ortho work done here and I can't say enough good things about this practice. From the office staff and assistants, to Dr. Spilsbury.... We have never had any problems or concerns.  Everyone is always pleasant and helpful and we never have to wait. We drive all the way from the Northwest because they're that good :)
