4	Nice and New Fresh Chinese Cuisine in the former location of the My Thai Restaurant. ( I miss My Thai )I tried the Avocado Chicken that had vegetables of avocado , broccoli , water chestnuts , carrots , and squash. The textures were very interesting , who knew avocado would be great in a Chinese Dish? The chicken was very fresh and very tender the sauce was tasty but slightly sweet. I really liked the crispness of the squash .My husband had the Black Pepper Beef with peppers , snap peas , onions , it came out and was poured on to a hot skillet and made a sizzling display . The beef was very tender not fatty,salty, or oily and the sauce tasted very beefy and  black peppery .Our server  sensed that we would prefer the dishes more spicy and asked and then gave us two different hot chili's to add to our dishes to try , she was very attentive to us ,friendly and knowledgeable ,she was an awesome server.  The hot chili's elevated the dishes to us we will ask for spicy when we come here.This nice new place is worth a try and is a Great Addition to our selection of restaurants to try in our immediate area. This is NOT the same current ownership of the other Shangri-la Chinese Cuisine location.7-24-11 as only a slight update we did make a second visit and ordered two different meals the hot spicy tangy beef and moo goo gai pan. We told our server (different person from last time) that our spicy meals were mild last time and we wanted extra spicy. They both came out extra mild and I know the moo goo gai pan is always mild anyway so I am not faulting any for that dish but Hot Spicy Tangy Beef should have been spicy  (the name of dish) and especially since we asked for extra spicy, so I think it is fair to say you will have a hard time getting spicy food here.I am considering lowering this to Three stars but will give them one more try since they are new and maybe still working things out.3-4 stars
5	I grew up enamored of the original location located at I-17 and Cactus.  It was my family's go-to Chinese eatery in the 80's and 90's, we'd eat there every couple of months. Even though I moved out of the neighborhood, I'd hit Shangri-La for lunch every so often in the last decade while I was nearby on errands.A couple of weeks ago, I saw a "Shangri-La" sign go up at the new location a few blocks from my home at 59th and Union Hills, and figured it was a long shot that it was related to the place I knew and loved.  But last week I walked in and instantly recognized the hostess who was at the old location for at least 20 years.  We had a brief chat and she explained that the owners of the old location sold the business to another family and have opened this new location. I brought my son in for lunch today and was happy to see the same good food at bargain prices with awesome service.  The only thing the new location lacks is the dated decor and the duct tape on the seats.  The interior of the new location is modern without being too stuffy, with a hypnotizing bubble display as you walk in (you'll know it when you see it). Presentation of the food was better than I remember at the old place, but quality and taste are the same... even the great tea!
3	Food and service were both fantastic....Would definitely return here again!
5	I've been eating at Shangri-La since I was a kid - so what, almost 30 years!  I can't believe it took me this long to notice their new location at 59th & Bell.I got the Garlic Shrimp and boy did i miss this dish!  It hasn't changed in years.  Big 'ol shrimp in garlic sauce over rice.  I wish it came with some vegetables on the side or something like that, but this is all its ever been, so I knew what to expect.  DELICIOUS!Wife got Mongolian Beef.  The meat was good quality an once again, DELICIOUS (yes I tried some).The rookie, the 12 year old son says "is it like Panda Express?".  BLAH!  So we asked what closely resembles teriaki chicken and they whipped some up though its not on the menu.  I thought it was bland, but it was full of carrots and green beans and was exactly what the kid hoped.  PERFECT!The staff is very friendly and knows the regulars.  Hopefully we'll gain that status soon.  We'll be going back every time we want to sit and spend a little more than fast food chinese.  We're very glad to discover this is now in our hood!
5	We LOVE Shangri La! I have been wishing for years for an "authentic" Chinese restaurant and finally here it is! We've been twice so far and both times the food was awesome, this'll be our new weekly ritual!
4	OMGI Love This Place!!The Staff is so nice and friendly and the Owner Penny is a Doll.Awesome Food and Great Prices !!I recommend this to everyone who loves A Great Chinese Meal !!
4	My daughter and I went on Chinese New Year for the first time and were very pleased.  The decor is nice, modern and spacious.  My only complaint was that the TV was on and set to Food channel. We arrived at 3:15 or so and the lunch menu was served - amazing value!  All the lunch meals come with soup and we both had hot & sour.  Very good.   My daughter also got the appetizer Shangri-la chicken salad and it was good, sweet and tangy dressing over lettuce and shredded chicken.  My daughter got the kung pao shrimp and chicken and I got the crystal shrimp.  The shrimp in both entrees was very good, plump and big, cooked really well.  The crystal shrimp had a bit too much sauce, but was tasty and had plenty of veggies.  The meals also came with egg rolls, white rice and a crab puff.  I am not a fan of crab puffs, but my daughter said they were good.  So much food, we had the egg rolls for dinner and they were amazing!  Highly recommended!
5	So used to Chinese restaurants being mostly the same. Middle of the road, bland, overcooked vegetables, etc.Have been to Shangri-La three times now. Each time I had to force myself to try something new. I liked each entree so much I'm concerned that I'll just keep getting the same thing over and over again. Everything is very well spiced, the sauces don't overpower, vegetables are crisp, seafood is awesome. We had a group of 9 last time and the service was very good. Several people got involved to make sure we were getting what we needed. You won't be disappointed.
4	Great Decor!! Got there about 9:10 pm on a Tues night and no one in the place and I'm sure the help was ready to go home but they were happy to seat us and help us. Great food, nice clean appearance. The food came out fast and warm. Even the rice wasn't all dried out like most places would be at this hour. Good price for the meal and I didn't feel over stuffed. Great tasting food.
5	It's hard to please a new yorker transplant to the west valley when it comes to chinese. Shangri-La does it. The food is clean, fresh and delicious. The food is good but it's not what shines the brightest at this eatery. It's the amazing bright, clean, friendly and clean restaurant space that almost doesn't exist in the world of chinese food. Did I mention the restaurant is clean? They are a little pricier for their food but I would rather pay a few extra dollars than pay for it the next morning. I do not recommend the egg drop soup as it is goopy and loaded with corn starch but when the House Wanton soup is as good as it gets why would you order anything else? Any beef dish described with tender beef is what you order. The meat melts in your mouth. Chicken dishes are either white meat or have a choice for white meat. There are no tricks just really good food. We will go eat there or take out when ever we want chinese.
5	We're from New York where Chinese Food is amazing at most restaurants. We've had trouble finding food like that in the West Valley but finally, after 12 years, we found Shangri-La and now we're hooked. Nice, clean and tastefully decorated with friendly and usually quick service. And did I mention that the food is great? Give it a try!
4	This locations food is as great as the original location on 28th ave and Cactus but has a much nicer ambiance. Try the House Chicken with a side of the sauce that it is cooked in for dipping. They also have a great lunch deal.
4	Best authentic Chinese food in the area. Great atmosphere, friendly staff, and delicious food. We'll be back!
3	Very clean, I couldn't check them out on Maricopa inspection website but I peeked in kitchen and they appeared to be very clean.The people working were all very cordial.It was nice that they give you fried noodles.They had a sign outside with the specials offering you a brown rice option but they didn't actually offer brown rice today.I didn't eat the fried crab puff or the egg roll but my companion said they were good and they appeared to be fried nicely. He had the spicy tangy beef and asked for extra spicy and we already know they don't  really do spicy here. The meal came out almost not spicy and was just OK and just OK is positive. (sorry that photo didn't come out) My picture explains the meal I tried.Shangri-La Chinese might be the best Chinese of this immediate area.
5	We're from the SF Bay Area, and we're "spoiled" as far as Chinese restaurants go; there's a large Chinese population and countless excellent Chinese restaurants.  In the Phoenix area, we've been to quite a few Chinese restaurants, and been dissapointed with all of them -- until we found Shangri-La.  This is the only one we've found here that is truly excellent.  I had the Egg Foo Yung with chicken.  The sauce was delicious, the chicken was great.  The portion was so large we took home almost half in a doggie bag.  My dinner partner had the Chicken Chow Fun.  He said it tasted "smokey," just the way it is supposed to taste.  (It was a "special", however, not a regular menu item.  But, Chinese restaurants can usually respond to requests, and perhaps you could order it when it is not a special.)  The rice was perfect.  The prices were quite reasonable.  In the coming weeks, we'll try the Teriyaki Chicken and the Snow Chicken.  For vegetarians, there are 6 excellent entrees, and a tofu vegetable soup. Their menu of alcoholic beverages looked very appealing, drinks with various fruits in them, etc., and we'll try some next time.  The order came so quickly it surprised us.  The restaurant is spotless, in contrast to some of the others we've been to.  I also bring my own oil because most restaurants use Canola, and I get very sick from it.  They were extremely gracious about substituting my oil for whatever one they use.  They're open 7 days a week, from 11am to 10pm.  The restaurant is very close to the 101 loop, and there is an exit on their street, 59th Ave, which makes it quite accessible.  See their complete menu by going to www.restaurants.com and giving this zip:  85308.  Shangri-La will come up on the list of restaurants in this area, and then click on "menu".  If you are looking for excellent Chinese food, this is the one to go to.
2	When I first moved to Phoenix some 10 years ago, a neighbor introduced me to this place back when it was off of Cactus and I thought the appetizer sampler was great.  Not too long ago they moved to Union Hills and 59th, much closer to my current home and I was excited about a return trip.  I was rather disappointed, the food was rather bland and while the service attempted to stay top notice, they just seemed out of sync with us.  I don't think there will be a return trip in the future.
5	Just moved from Chicago and was missing what I used to think was my favorite Chinese restaurant. I decided to try Shangri-La takeout and now know that I have found the best Chinese restaurant, my new favorite! Food was prepared very quickly and was delicious! Portions are large, they are not 'chinsey' with their portions whatsoever. Prices are very reasonable & food delicious! Will definitely order from Shangri-La again!
4	Ok glad we found a good Chinese restaurant close to our house!!! I thought we had to drive to Great Wall or Diamonds to real Chinese food. We have driven past here several times but it wasn't till I checked the Yelp reviews that we decided to try it out. We ordered the garlic shrimp and beef chow fun. Both very good and came with a side of rice. I liked both entrees and look forward to trying more next time. Very nice decor. I'm used to more run down Chinese restaurants but this was nice inside. My only complaint is there were no chop sticks on the table. The more authentic restaurants I've been to usually have chop sticks then you have to request a fork. I guess they are used to catering to non Chinese people up here so I won't be to harsh. Overall a good experience, good food, good service and we will be back for more!
3	Good food and has a bar so a plus in my book. Good for takeout also.
4	Not too shabby, I enjoyed my meal.
1	The food was pretty good, the service was not good.  The waitstaff continued to reach across in front of our faces to get plates and bowls, and refused to honor a restaurants.com certificate.  They said it was not for lunch, and we had to tell them when we first got there that we had it.  I showed the manager where there were no lunch exclusions and it did not say we had to show them ahead of time, and the manager became nearly beligerant, yelling and tossing papers around telling me he would show me the contract.  I told him that he should honor the certificate and he yelled NO at me.  When I told him we would not return, he said FINE.  They obviously did the restaurant.com deals to drum up business (it was nearly empty in there) and that is how they treat us?  The food was good, we probably would have returned if it was not for the horrible customer service.  I can see why it was empty. It has the same entrees as every other chinese food place in town, I will save my money for somewhere a little more friendly and appreciative of my patronage.
3	Decent chinese takeout. Coupon for 15% available from website.
5	First time here tonight. Really impressed with the decor and atmosphere of the restaurant. We were greeted right away and sat down. The staff was a little slow for a Friday. I think they got short handed.Menu has a great selection. Went simple. Ordered the General's Chicken and Egg Drop Soup. WOW!!!!! The Egg Drop Soup was excellent! Good balanced flavor and very hearty!! I was impressed! I could have ordered the large bowl and call it a night. HAHAHAHAHAHA!! The Generals Chicken was excellent also! The best I had in almost 10 years! The sauce wasn't over powering and cooked to perfection. The staff was really wonderful and extremely friendly. This place is a hidden gem in my book! Definitely coming back!!
5	Went here for lunch and I absolutely loved it. The moment I walked in was greeted my a very nice waitress. When we were seated and given a menu the prices were low. For lunch you receive a bowl of egg drop or sweet and sour soup along with an egg roll and your choice of rice. I ordered mandarin chow mein with shrimp most restaurants charge extra if its not chicken not this place. You can choose any type of  meat or shrimp at no extra cost. No to mention the food was ready right away. For two lunch orders and drinks the total was just below $20. I will definitely be returning.
4	Best wonton soup ive had in a while!
2	My first 2-star review.  My review is based on 2 lunch specials I had here.  One is their House Special Chicken, and another is their Mongolian Beef I had 2 years ago.  There is nothing special about their House Special Chicken.  Although they offered dark or white meat, the chicken was not crunchy, and it was drenched in some kind of sauce that was very salty.  Their fried rice was just that...rice that is stir-fried with nothing else in it.  Wonton with cream cheese was bleh, although their soup was decent.  As for their Mogolian Beef, there was a layer of sugar that wasn't even melted on my food.  I know good Chinese food, and this is not even close by American standards.  Panda or Pei Wei is better than here.
3	Really good food, hadn't had a good Chinese meal in a year. Buffets are not the same. Definitely coming back.
2	As the newest location, one is led to think that the nice, modern decor and friendly atmosphere are up to par with their flagship restaurant located on I-17 and Cactus, however, after having experiencing one dine-in with my family, it quickly became apparent that the phony smiles were merely a rouse for an over compensating and all too eager to get you out of their restaurant staff.From the moment we sat down we felt rushed.  We had very little time to decide on drinks, never mind browsing the fairly large menu for what we all wanted to order. It was only after shooing away the waitress four times that we were able to reach a decision as to what we wanted to eat and placed our order.After what felt like an eternity waiting for or order to be prepared, my now starving family was brought a single plate of egg rolls, later to be followed by another single plate of pot stickers. At this point we are beginning to see how we are to expect dinner - plate by plate rather than in one complete order. This went on through out the remainder of our dinner, to include the waitress forgetting an entire item we had ordered only to laugh it off and blame it on her ink pen. Yes. You read right. Her. Ink. Pen.The food was no where near as good as it's predecessor on Cactus and I-17, and the wait staff left a great deal to be desired.A few bones found in the sweet and sour pork, dirty stem ware, my wife tripping over a hole in the floor near our table and we FINALLY receive the check and concluded we won't be revisiting that location any time soon.The ONLY thing pleasing about this experience was the 15% coupon found on their website.
4	Had the dinner special. Was pleasantly surprised with atmosphere, service, and food.
2	Please don't think this is the same as 27th and Cactus.  They told us it was the same but is it not even close..  if your looking for the taste of Cactus location do not eat here.
4	4 Stars if you know what you're getting here. I find that folks have high expectations for a low price with Asian cuisine. This moderately priced chinese restaurant offers quality, americanized chinese food. In my case, it is the cuisine of choice when in need of comfort food. Not only that, they deliver! For about the same price as Panda and at a higher quality, I will choose Shangri La far more often than other fast food chinese. Happy eating...
1	I can't even give this place a single star but yelp makes me to write a review. New ownership has been a downgrade.  Last time food was cold, this time the wrong food which I sent back. My waiter later asks me if I wanted something new after my boyfriend was done. I talk to manager and she tells me I'm the only one that complained about the waiter and they are making changes to become a sports bar to bring in customers. Can't bring in new customers with bad food and poor service and bad attitudes. Won't be back.
4	There aren't very many Chinese food restaurants around here with good food. Shangri-la is pretty high up there and my usual go-to. Their customer service is pretty terrible, though. To the point where it wouldn't take much to convince me to not go here anymore. They do have a Midwestern discount.
2	Very disappointing.  Love the original location but service and qaulity of food were below par at this location.  Not onlt did they not put in my husnabds order, but the food that did come out was luke warm in some places and HOT in others.  Overall not impressed.
2	Food was cold  and mushy fried rice was blah,  soup was good  portions not like other one on cactus. Not something I would go out of my way for.  Beautiful inside though
5	Currently my favorite Chinese takeout restaurant in Arizona. The chicken is so good and high quality for such an inexpensive price. They only use white meat too! I also prefer this location over the one on Cactus because this location gives you a cream cheese filled wonton while the other location just gives you a plain fried wonton. They also plate their food better here. Definitely coming again and again!
5	We were here on a Saturday. My brother and I took our Mom out for an early mother's day lunch. The food was delicious, and just the right portions. The lunch special comes with soup, an egg roll and a crab puff. They also have a pad thai special that is to die for. The orange beef is fabulous. I will be back!
3	So it's been several months since coming to eat here but a far cry from what I remembered. Service was excellent again, almost too good and our "new" server kept on asking now were were every 2 mins! But the food quality was just average. We ordered twice baked pork, lo mein, and Kung pow beef. Food tasted ok, but portions were much smaller. Such as Kung pow beef, not much beef but a lot of vegetables. Same as pork dish. The lo mein was good, but again small sized. I think on my original review I mentioned that the prices were a little too high. Seems like prices are lower but so is food portions. Guess I can't have it both ways and I can't fault them too much, but the food tasted even more Americanized than ever. To be honest while eating I even mentioned that we maybe should just go to Panda Express down the street next time?? Overall didn't leave very satisfied. If It wasn't for the overall good service and nice staff would have been a 2 star but I can barley give this a 3 not alone keep my 4 star rating. I doubt we will be back for a while if ever.
4	Been meaning to write this sooner but I kept forgetting.I took my in-laws here for dinner for their last night in town.  My MIL is one of those picky eaters that you absolutely hate taking out.  I was just cringing and crying on the inside for a good part of the dinner.  Our server handled it like a champ so hats off to him.I had the Peking beef, MIL had the house fried rice, FIL had the chicken and broccoli, and my husband had the chicken fried rice.My Peking beef was on the salty side but was still edible.  If I were to return, I wouldn't order it again.  MIL's rice order was so complicated; taking out half the stuff and then adding stuff that didn't come with the order.  Oh, my, word.  Again, our server handled it like a champ.   FIL and husband weren't fussy thankfully and said they're dishes were delicious.  MIL liked hers as well and said that this was one of the best chinese restaurants she's been to.  By the time it was ready to pay and leave, our server was nowhere to be found.  I waited 10 mins before getting up and finding someone to close out our check. A little annoyed but I tried not to show it.  I met up with the lady manager and she ended up taking care of it.  She is such a cool person and we ended up chatting for a few mins before I returned to my table.  I had an Amazon local coupon that I used for this visit and they accepted it no problem.  Delicious food and great service = high rating from me.
1	Probably one of the worst places ever to eat! Service and food was awful. Food was cold there was lack of English within everyone there and our food was incorrect. After I explained to the waitress what I specially wanted several different times, it still was incorrect! Lack of English within everyone there! Just a plan bad experience. Not too say but the restroom has been my friend since I came home. Never again
