1	I have been at Laser for less in Scottsdale twice. The second time was about a week ago and I was burnt. Now I have 4 dark marks on my skin. I went back to the place and they told me that they might have applied the laser too high and they gave me a cream to apply it to the damaged area but it is not working. I am going to wait a few more days If the marks dont go away I will seek legal advice .  Laser burns should not happened. Definitely I do no recommend this place to anybody. Technicians seem to be too young and lack of experience
5	I looooooove laser 4 less! if you're questioning whether or not you should do it, you should. Really clean, really professional and, I mean, it's not *that* painful. It's totally worth the momentary pain. I did quite a few consultations with other companies and this one offered everything the others did but for much less. I'm cheap like that.  I had my last session like 2 yrs ago and my last touch up a year ago and I haven't had to go back. I want to do my whole body!!! It's sooo wonderful!!just keep in mind: the darker and thicker your hair the better.
1	Just to let pple know.. I got burnt at this place, the burns turned into dark spots. Go to a dermatologist instead
5	Going to laser 4 less was one of the best decisions I made! I used to shave every day but now after my laser treatments I don't remember last time i had to shave. It truly works!!! The staff is super friendly and professional. The technicians will give you the best advice before you start with sessions. I love Laser for Less, it is amazingggg!!!
5	If you are looking for a great laser hair removal place, this is it!  It is very clean and the staff are super friendly.  I have been going for over a year now and I keep finding new areas that I want to laser. The staff make you feel very comfortable, especially when you are totally exposed in some places. The pricing is very reasonable and they have great specials all of the time.  It is worth the investment! I highly recommend Laser for Less!
5	I was referred to Laser for Less by a friend who has completed treatments and had great results. I had looked at some other places and they were way more expensive. Ideal Image was a couple grand even at 50% off!! crazy. When I am all said and done, I will have spent way less here. The location is cute, clean and up to date. I have the same girl every time and she is super nice. I would definitely recommend Laser for Less to anyone. It does hurt though - really bad! I am a baby though :)
5	Love this place!! I'm bummed I didn't know about this place sooner after 15 years of razor burns, stubble and waxing... No more! I've had great results on all 5 areas I've had treated so far. Yes, the procedure is slightly painful, depending on where the area is. - But it goes by so quick!Laser for less is very affordable compared to other places, plus they run great specials each month. It is a clean facility. The staff is friendly, caring and professional. I've referred many friends and they always honor the referral discounts!
5	Very impressed with the service her.  I got laser in 3 areas back in 2002  when Laser for Less was relativily new.  After 9 years I decided I wanted to get touchups done.  I called thinking there was no way they'd still even have my records or say that  I wouldn't qualify fo the 1/2 off for touch ups after 9 years but had absolutely no problem.  They found my records in a second booked for for my 1/2 price touch ups.  I went in and had Yancy  (who did my orginal treatments 9 years ago & is still working there) and an overall delightful experience.  I highly recommend Laser for Less!
5	All five stars go to Yancy!!I've had laser before, several years ago and was thrilled. I remembered how painless it was and the terrific results even after just one treatment (I am terrible at follow up appts, arg!).Fast forward to now, I purchased a Living Social deal for 6 treatments at Laser For Less.  It's extremely close to my work, and they're super friendly and accommodating of my schedule.  I opted for my highly sensitive underarms, as the ingrown hairs just would not go away.My first 3 underarm treatments were with another person at this location, but it was painful and a bit torturous.  I had to switch my 4th appt to a different day and was pleasantly surprised to see that I had a new laser tech for my treatment: Yancy.She sets up the room and table so that I'm most comfortable.  Her technique is perfection - the treatments are painless and quick.Yancy is the way to go for laser hair removal.  She understands the reaction of the hair follicle and the skin, and does all she can to combat any discomfort.  I have been dazzled and impressed by her skills, and rendered virtually hairless!Laser 4 Less, specifically Yancy, are top notch and I would proudly recommend them to any friend.
5	I have never been so happy in my life to have discovered this place, especially Yancy! I have extremely dark and thick hair and my trouble spot is my inner thigh. I decided to give it a shot after doing some research and discovered this place was the best. My first experience was amazing. I didn't have any bad reactions to the laser and could carry on my day with no irritation. You can tell that Yancy has a lot of experience and she really knows her stuff. After only TWO treatments my hair is COMPLETELY gone. I have never been so pleased. I highly recommend this place and Yancy. Their prices are also amazing. I am a full time college student with only a part time job and I can actually afford these treatments! Go to this place it is worth every penny!
5	So, it reminds me of being pelted by my older brother's gatling rubber-band gun.   And I think to myself, 'Hair free, no hair, die hair!' and then ZAP, and I quiver again...but as they say 'no pain, no gain!'  What you gain: No more ingrown hairs, razor rash, stubble, nicks, pesky stray long hairs...and oh yeah it is soooo silky smooth afterward.  And lets just say, my Ex didn't complain... Yes, there is maybe the one day of skin sensitivity, but it is worth it for dead hair follicles in return!  I have been a swimmer for years and love to hang out at the pool.  I have tried every hair removal option on the planet and this is by far the best.  It really isn't all that expensive either when you compare it to how much you spend on disposable razors over time.  And waxing sucks because you have to allow it to regrow, it is not permanent, it is painful and practically the same price as lasering.  I should also mention this technology is still not perfect.  I have black hair which is the best kind for laser hair removal.  It still takes me about 6-8 visits for ideal hair reduction.  If you have very fine or light colored hair it will not work.  It also does not work on grey hairs :( If you have darker pigmentation in your skin it can be challenging to laser the hair too.  I should also give a shout-out to Yancy (Hope I spelled that right), she is my favorite Laser Expert at this location; I made up that job title myself but that is what it should be!  I have been going here for over a year and they are the best!  I tried one other place and it did not compare to the service level or value at Laser for Less.
5	You know what's awesome in the summertime? Not having to shave your underarms every damn time you wanna go sleeveless. Prices are very competitive. Of course, for one treatment here I can get waxed twice, but with waxing you don't get the possibility of permanent hair reduction. The quick, sharp pain ranges from no big deal, to AGH! depending on how close the shave. But it's so quick! Seriously, the whole procedure is like fast-food beautification. No frills whatsoever. You'll get a little cotton pad with aloe vera if you want, but other than that, no pampering here. I was told to exfoliate, exfoliate, exfoliate, because even though the hairs are dead, the body still needs to expel it. Resist the urge to pluck hairs that aren't falling out by themselves, because those need to be intact until the next treatment you get (I know, it's hard :/).L4L only charges half price after the sixth treatment (per area). You also get a 10% off coupon during your birthday month. Wish they had one in Tucson!
5	Great, professional service at a low price!  Exactly as advertised!!
5	I have tattoos and I still feel like a big sissy when I come here. lol But even after my first treatment (I'm doing the brazillian & underarms), I noticed a huge difference in the thickness of hair (to the point I actually went a long time between my 1st & 2nd treatment). Went for my second treatment today and I just have to say that Heather is a saint! I had her for both treatments and she's very patient and accommodating and will even suggest that you tell her about your day to help distract you from the little snaps of pain. Yes, it hurts. But, yes, it's also 100% worth it.
5	I have been thinking about laser hair removal for a few years, but it always seemed too expensive UNTIL I found Laser For Less. This is the best thing that I have ever done for myself. I like how they do not trap you into purchasing a package and you can pay for your treatments as you go. This makes laser hair removal super affordable. I have told all my friends in the area about this place.
5	I've been coming to Laser for Less for about a year and a half now and have always had great professional service. The front desk staff is always helpful and pleasant. As for my laser tech, Heather, she is awesome! She is super nice and friendly. She's very knowledgeable about your skin and the laser machine. She is very thorough when doing your laser removal and makes sure to get as much hair zapped as possible. She also makes you feel very comfortable, as it can be a bit awkward getting a Brazilian from a stranger! :)I'll be back for more in 6 weeks!
5	I love this place! Seriously everyone that wants to get hair reduced/removed needs to come here. They are reasonably priced, produce results, and are very friendly. I am on my 4th sessions  and have experienced great results so far! I have had every session with Haley thus far and I would really recommend her. As far as the laser being painful, I would say it just depends on the area. The areas that are near the bone or bikini area are painful but it's so quick and the pain doesn't last more than a few seconds. The pain is worth it though! They aren't pushy either and don't try to get you to sign up for packages or anything like that. If you want someplace that is laid back and friendly and also not too expensive you need to check them out! Tip: Check their Facebook page for deals of the month! I will also update this review as I get more treatments!
5	I got my first 2 treatments today, and while they were not painless it was super fast! Like shockingly fast. Both treatments were about 5 minutes total. It kind of felt like someone was snapping me with rubber bands over and over. However, it didn't hurt all after the treatment ended. Kaitlyn(I hope I spelled it right!) was amazing and very nice during the whole thing. She said some people use aloe after treatment, but honestly after everything was done it didn't hurt all all. She also said the first time is the worst, so next time should be better! Definitely recommend this place, very clean, safe, and great people!
5	I had sent an email to laser for less after receiving a treatment that I was less then satisfied with. I have never been so impressed with the response I received, not only did the marketing director explain that they have a 14 day "touch up" policy (which I was unaware of), but she offered to do a complete re-laser of my chest and stomach area to rectify the issue, even though it had been well over a month since my last treatment. This is something I felt was clearly above and beyond for any business to do. Laser for less has made a lifetime customer out of me!
1	I am sorry to say, but I am very disappointed in this place and I would strongly never recommend to any of my friends. My reasons are simply because I had treatments done on my legs and face. The first 2 times on my legs were great, the hair seemed to be gone, but slowly started to grow back so I went back again for my legs and the 3rd time made me never want to go back ever again. My legs were very red and started hurting and itching very bad. It looked like I had a very bad rash on my legs. In between the leg treatments, I decided to do full face treatments to get rid of peach fuzz. While doing this, 3 time as well I noticed the hair on my face started to grow back a dark color! Gross!! And it wasn't just peach fuzz, there was hair everywhere!! I was mortified!! On top of that, my face broke out very bad. I am not sure if they do not clean their equipment or not, but I am now being treated by my a dermatologist for my bad acne breakout after going here- and going to a different place to take care of the weird out break of darker hair on my face after the treatments here! I would strongly avoid this place! I feel sorry to give this place 1 star, I really did try my best to give it a try and I spent a lot of money here, even gave $20 tips each time I came in. NEVER again!!!!
