5	It is absolutely refreshing to find a mechanic who is honest and doesn't try to push unnecessary repairs on you.  I trust Joel at Az Imports, if you're looking for a good mechanic in Tempe I couldn't speak highly enough about them!
5	Can I just entertain you with a little story about a girl growing up with her 1983 Audi 5000S? She loved it so much, she kept very good care of it. After all, it was her uncle that worked on it since it was purchased, and it was previously owned by a very elderly lady who never let it see a cloudy day. But then this girl decided to move to Arizona. Right away she began calling around for a trustworthy mechanic...Joel and I got into a fight in our first conversation when I asked him if he would refuse to take the advice of a girl. I never got into a fight with him again. AZ Imports does no outside advertising. They enjoy a steady stream of returning and new clients on referral-base only. The first couple (five) times I went in, I knew exactly what was wrong with my baby. He diagnosed everything correctly, showing me the parts that were worn/ exploded and then showing me the part he would use to replace it with. After 5 years, I trusted him and his team (even after they absorbed Bills Beemers) with every rattle and knock my encroaching-upon-historic vehicle suffered. I haven't been able to duplicate that level of dedication to and integrity toward car repair since I moved out to California.I trusted him like I trusted my uncle. He even kept my car for two weeks when it had a fuel leak and was a fire hazard. I probably owe him my life for that. He worked with my tiny budget (of a full-time student) and patched up parts when it was (possible and) too expensive to buy them new. If he ran into a problem, he would consult all of his sources from his East Coast upbringing and work on it until it was running perfectly.
5	After reading reviews on Yelp, I took my 1995 Volvo to the shop.  Joel was a great mechanic and fixed my neutral safety switch and made me feel totally comfortable.  They seemed to be really busy all the time (a lot of cars being worked on!) but the two times I had to take my car in, I got it back really quickly.I really have nothing but good things to say about them!
5	Joel is a great mechanic. He and his employees are honest, hardworking, and know what they're talking about. If you want quality service, but are worried about getting a mechanic that will try to squeeze every penny out of you with suggesting unnecessary repairs, fear not at Arizona Import Specialist. I can't say enough about the place. I'm proud to say that this is my mechanic from here on.
5	A few  months ago, I purchased a used Mercedes. When it developed a leak and started to hesitate at stoplights, I took it to Arizona Imports. I had had work done there before, but not for several years. When I got there, I found out it was under new ownership, but based on the reviews I'd read and the fact that Joel and Melissa were both pleasant and straightforward,  I decided to see what needed to be done and how much it would cost.Well, fixing it was not cheap, but Joel did not pressure me in any way; he told me what was needed and let me make the decision on my own. Ultimately, I  had the car fixed, and it is running like new. I second the other reviews. If you're looking for a mechanic who is trustworthy, look no further!
5	I have a 2003 BMW 330i sedan that recently hit 140,000 miles -- thanks to Joel, Melissa, Greg, and everyone else at Arizona Imports/Bill's Bimmers.  Joel goes out of his way to make sure customers are valued, and Melissa is a pleasure to deal with.I used to think buying a used car was a crapshoot, but with Arizona Imports I'm looking at previously owned M3 coupes because I know they'll take care of it for me.Update (2010-07-11): My 330i is now at 164,000 miles and still going strong!
5	We have an Audi A4 '99 and with all the problems it had we were thinking of selling it. Referred by a friend I took my car to Joel & Melissa and they fixed. They did an awesome job and followed up on the repairs etc. Now we are going to keep this car for another few years now!!-SG
5	Joel and his entire staff are great.  I appreciate their honesty, especially since I have found it to be so rare among mechanics I've dealt with at other shops, particularly at dealerships.  Well, do yourself a favor and skip the dealer and go directly to AZ Import Specialists.  They are reasonably priced, they will not rip you off and they will explain exactly what the car needs and allow you to make the decisions.   My car is running perfectly. I will just finish by saying that Joel just saved me a small fortune because I decided to get a second opinion after receiving a ridiculously high quote for repair work at Earnhardt Nissan (Superstition Springs area in Mesa.)
5	I thought I would add my two cents here as it is really hard to find a good honest mechanic. And Arizona Import is all those things and then more. Joel will take a look at your car, tell you want is wrong, what needs to be fixed now, what can wait a few months and what he would do if it is his car. Yes, you may bring the car in for one problem and he will tell you that you may as well fix this part or that part while it is there. Because I know a bit about cars, I know he is telling the truth because the fixes would all be items that I would address at the same time if I were doing it myself. Melissa is awesome and everyone there is great. Remember, cars cost money to keep on the road. It is not there fault some parts are expensive. It is the nature of the beast.
4	Problem: The A/C was out on my Honda Passport.[[I was referred to Arizona Import Specialists by Hon-Man just down the street. I drive a Honda Passport, which as many know is an Isuzu Rodeo with an H on the front.I was disappointed that Hon-Man wouldn't work on it, but happy that he was willing to share his business with another local shop.]]I came here yesterday and found out that they were booked for the day. They kindly offered to keep my truck overnight and for $24 I could rent a car from them. I declined thinking that I would be stuck with enough charges in the end.I brought the car the next morning at 8 when the shop opened. I was informed that their would be a diagnostic fee of $86, and they would call me to determine which actions were necessary from there.About 3 Joel called me and let me know that my freon was gone and that is why the ac wasn't working. They evacuated the lines, ran a vacuum leak test and added freon and a dye to test for future leaks.I expected a several-hundred-dollar bill, and for the mechanic to recommend several costly repairs. Boy I was wrong. Joel explained to me that in my case the best option was to just refill the freon and check for leaks later.I came out of there with cold A/C and a bill of only $146!Long story short, they explain the options well and don't try to gouge you on the prices.p.s. - I asked and they work on domestic vehicles also :)
5	I have been going to see Joel and Melissa for 8 years.  He has worked on all of my cars (domestic and import).  I am grateful to find someone honest that provides quality work.  Of course, the news is not always good when it comes to the repair costs but I I know I am getting an honest opinoin.  Call them!
5	My A/C broke and need to have it fix during hot season.  Brought my Honda Civic EX there and they fixed the A/C issue by replacing Conpresser, Condensor, dryer (dehydration), flush A/C line.  I also got timing belt and all other belts replaced at the same time.  Thus far this place seem to ver a good place and happy with the repair.
5	So thrilled to find a service company that actually puts an emphasis on "SERVICE"!!  Okay, so you won't get a free loaner car, but the cost of repairs for my Beemer was almost half of what I was quoted at Chapman BMW,  so you could rent a car and still be way ahead of the game.  Melissa is an absolute joy to work with. I love paying my bill smiling and actually feeling good about it. Thank you Bills Bimmer/AZ Imports!!
5	I have been using Arizona Imports for my 1998 Toyota 4 Runner (186K miles) for many years as well has our Honda Accords. I have always received great service at a fair price from Joel. He will tell you everything that he thinks the car needs what is critical and what can wait. I have always felt like the cost of repairs is reasonable and fair and won't take my car anywhere else. They are one reason I am still able to drive this fantastic 4 Runner I fully expect to get 250K miles or more. Joel and Melissa go out of their way to provide customer service.
5	My car was over heating badly so I took my car in to get it looked at, Joel the owner was able to diagnose the issue fairly quick and get me a reasonable quote to get it fixed. I didn't have the money at the time, so he put some coolant in the car to get me by but recommended I get it fixed ASAP. The coolant was enough to get me by and helped me out a lot. When I was able to afford to get it fixed first place I went was right back to him. The service was amazing and the staff friendly. they come highly recommended from me!
5	This is the honest mechanic you thought you could only dream about. Joel's consistent quality maintenance is the reason my son's aging car is now over 200,000 miles and still driveable. I would not have bought a new car without having him look it over first and give it an okay. On my last visit, he noticed a worn tire and sent me straight to the tire store, even though he could have told me to go car-less while he found a set to sell me.  He backs up all his service and gives no nonsense advice on car maintenance.  I now live in another part of the valley, but go out of my way to take my car to AZ Imports.
5	5 stars does not even give the guys at AZ Imports enough credit! They truly are the masters! I have taken my 2001 Nissan Altima to them several times now for service and every time I have been WOWED by their HONESTY, efficiency, and quality repair work. Finding an honest car repair shop has taken me almost 10 years. I just wish I found them sooner! Joel is a master tech and owner of the shop. He has personally worked on my car and explained the repairs to me each time. Mike is also the main receptionist for the shop and is also SOOO knowledgable and helpful! I could go on and on about how fabulous they are! Bottomline, you can trust your import with these guys and will be very happy! (Also, I am a very tough critic of mechanics).
5	I drive an old Audi A4 and I would recommend this shop to anyone. My car had a bunch of problems, coolant leak, oil leak, misfires etc. Most mechanics couldn't really handle a job this big, they didn't have the knowledge and skill to handle a job like mine. I needed a professional, someone who knows the Audi design and how it all fits together. I took it to one shop for a diagnostic and they jacked up my car and busted a control arm bushing. The mechanic didn't know that the Audi wasn't designed to be jacked up in that location. Great learning experience for him but now I drive away with a clunk clunk coming from my front wheels, awesome. They of course plead ignorance but it comes in with no noise and leaves with a noise. I was frustrated, were all mechanics in Arizona money laundering, untrained grease monkeys? Was there an actual mechanic in town?Then I found Mike and his team at Arizona Import Specialists. I dropped my car off there and they took a swing at it. I know cars and pretty much knew by then what needed to be done and Mike gave me an 100% accurate estimate for the job. No bull just a straight up, this is what I want to fix and this is what it will cost. When you have an old car a lot of mechanics try to tack on useless fixes to increase the value of the repair invoice, not AIS. These guys are so experienced they pretty much just drove my car 10 feet and popped the hood and knew what was wrong in about 5 minutes, that is when I knew these were the guys to do the job. There wasn't 3 guys with flashlights poking around my car, "Ohh maybe its this!".Once I approved the job they did the work. Next day I picked the car up and pulled away, it felt brand new. The manual transmission, 2.8 liter V6 stuttered into the shop but when it left, it left with attitude.  I had finally found a place that can work on a car. The next day I drove this Audi to LA and San Francisco, no issues. I then drove to San Diego then back to LA, everything was flawless.
5	My search for an honest and quality Audi repair shop is over!  Arizona Imports thoroughly inspected my high-mileage, late model A4 and gave me a fair estimate for the various items requiring repair. I knew my car was on it's last legs, but really did not want to trade it in yet. AZ Imports helped me prioritize the critical items within my budget to get another year or so out of the car. (Yes! I love this car.) I will definitely give AZ Imports future business.Note, I waited two weeks (about 200 miles) before writing this review. Everything is still running great!
5	While waiting for some repair work on my Toyota Truck (that ended up costing 1/4 what I was quoted at other repair shops) the conversation going aroun the waiting room was one to Share: "I drove all the way down from Cave Creek because this shop is the best" says a customer.  "Really drove up here from Queen Creek, I learned a long time ago that it's worth it for a good mechanic.." bosts another.  I had to speak up: "I just drove down from Cottonwood, a good mechanic you can trust, forgetaboutit"!  They have worked on 2 Audi's, 1 VW, 1 BMW, & 2 of my Toyota Trucks.
5	Fast reliable service every single time.  Been going there years, Highly recommend
5	I have gone to Arizona Import Specialists since I was 21 years old.  I am now 37...  They are awesome.  So professional and honest.  Here I was, a nieve 21 year old girl with an old car... they could have taken me for a ride many times, but they never did.  They always explained things and made things as easy as possible.  Now my husband also enjoys their service.  We never go anywhere else.
5	I love this mechanic.  This is only the second mechanic ever in my life that I can say I really love, and they far exceed any service expectations.  I have a 2008 Nissan Sentra that I've been taking to them for a year now.  I call to schedule an appointment and let them know that I need a ride to work and they schedule me usually within a day.  Even just for an oil change, they give me a ride to work.  The best part, is that they drive me to work in one of their cars, not mine, so not to use up all of my gas :)  Also, they either pick me up if at the end of the day, or even drop my car off to me if in the middle of the afternoon, so I don't have drive back to work.  If that's not AMAZING service, I don't know what is.  My car has been running great since I've been taking it to them, and they guaranteed that if I follow the car's recommended maintenance schedule, the car will last over 200,000 miles.  They are a certified Nissan mechanic, so they know all about the CVT and how to service it.  Every oil change includes a full inspection and a car wash, and they've never tried to up sell me or force me to get work done that I don't need.  They are honest and thorough and friendly... I absolutely love Joe, who I believe is the owner's nephew.  He is the one who drives me to/from work and settles up with me.  He is a genuinely nice guy who I enjoy chatting with during the ride :)  He's given me plenty of car advice, and let me know which of the services I've needed were needed by when so I could effectively rework my budget.  Even if I move to the other side of the valley or change job locations, I will still bring my car to Arizona Import Specialists, just for the value of their work and service!
5	I see there hasn't been a review for 2014 for these guys so I'll be more than happy to start this off. The Nissan dealership recommended I get some things fixed on my car (dog bone motor mount cracked, oil cooler leak needs o-ring and gasket replaced, drive belt cracking). The dealership was expensive as hell and I'm poor so I looked around and called the top 3 rated mechanics on Yelp after reading all the reviews. Arizona Import Specialist quoted me similar prices as the other places but they were super nice on the phone and took the time to explain parts and the repairs to me. When I dropped off my car Monday morning, they had one of their guys drop me off at work which was super nice of them to do and my work wasn't really close by but they said it wasn't a problem. They called me in the afternoon to let me know my car was done and when I drove it home, it felt like a brand new car! I had this clunking noise that would happen every time I accelerated and that was totally fixed. These guys are good at what they do and I now know why they have 5 stars and all great reviews on Yelp. They've definitely won me over and I'll be sure to use them and recommend them for future automotive repairs.
5	I brought my Audi to Arizona Import Specialists after it failed the inspection and emissions test.  Before I even got it there, Mike spent a while on the phone with me looking up codes and offering wisdom.  Once there, we had many conversations about what he saw, what was worthwhile to fix, and what was not.  Because I received such an honest and complete evaluation, I was able to decide to buy a new car instead of repairing what I brought in.  They even offered to inspect a used car for free before I purchased it.  These guys know how to win over a customer for life!
5	So...I haven't even started the actual repairs to my Audi yet....but that's the GOOD part! Based on my experience so far, I know my car will be cared for and taken care of the same way I have been which is amazing! The service I have received is way beyond what I know any other place would give and beyond I KNOW what they even have to provide. I came in with my nightmare (see Berge Mazda review) and without even beginning the work, they have already earned the highest review I could give! The communication all the way through the process so far is outstanding. They explain what they need to do, why, the best way to do that, what my options are and the different scenarios involved. I bought a car and within 6 months, it's undriveable. My frustration is overwhelming but Mike has helped to advise me on talking to the dealer and the warranty company (niether of which handled anything correctly at the time I bought my car-SEE BERGE MAZDA REVIEW!!!) so I can get my vehicle repaired with the extended warranty I purchased and with as little out of pocket expense as possible. From all the positive reviews, I see I'm not the only one that they go above and beyond for but that consistency in service is not easy to maintain! Everything Mike has told me has been true and accurate and honest. They are professional but friendly and down to earth. I called in when Mike was out and Joel knew exactly who I was and my situation. The personal attention they provide is such a relief-especially considering what I have been dealing with! I know as long as they are there and as long as I have a vehicle that I need repaired, I will never go anywhere else!
5	The best auto shop in the valley, honest, prices fair, and do a great job!  Highly recommend.
