5	I have been hooked on Chick Fil A ever since I had my first taste of a chicken nugget sample at a long forgotten mall food court.  So, when I moved to AZ I was concerned that I would not be able to get my fix - what if there were no locations nearby?  Lucky me, this location in the Scottsdale 101 center can take care of my chicken sandwich and waffle fry cravings.  Well, except for Sundays, when all CFA locations are closed.This location is nice and clean, and service is efficient both in the restaurant and at the drive through - my orders have always been correct which is nice.  They aren't stingy with the condiments, either.  Want to try more than one type of sauce?  No problem!  Not like some other fast food places I won't name where customers are asked exactly how many catchup packets are needed.  Seriously? I usually stick with the basic Chick Fil A Chicken Sandwich and waffle fries.  If I am feeling a little wild & crazy I will ask for lettuce & provolone cheese as well (tasty!).  If I want to pretend I am being healthy, I will get the Chargrilled Chicken Sandwich, which is not breaded and is served on a wheat bun with lettuce & tomato.  Either option is tender and juicy.  I have tried a couple of the breakfast items as well - the chicken minis (little chicken nuggets served in a slightly sweet mini bun) and the chicken biscuit sandwich are both good, as are the hash browns (quarter-sized tater tots - yum!)
4	Dear Chick Fil A Thank you for providing a bountiful lunch today. I heart dipping my waffle fries in your honey. Your 3 piece chicken strip meal can **almost** do no wrong. While I appreciate your use of real chicken, I do not really appreciate the greasy chicken glaze you leave on my fingers when I feast upon you. I appreciate you for having diet Dr. Pepper and bunny turd ice! Also, though I did not get the cole slaw today, it must be acknowledged! I am picky about my slaw, and yours is damn tasty! So thank you chick fil a! You are minutes away from my work and saved me from starving at my desk today!
4	I had only been going to Chick Fil A over the past few years for a chicken sandwich, lunch or dinner. I'm hooked on the chicken minis on the breakfast menu. Just the right balance between the bread and the chicken. Drenching it in honey makes it more awesome.This place is what customer service is all about. I always try to thank every employee when they provide prompt, courteous service. Love the "Cathy-ism" when they respond "my pleasure."
4	My girlfriend always wants this place and I never do.  It's not that the food is bad because it really is tasty.  I just get sick of always having it...  Seems to come up as that quick place to grab a  bite.Even though I whine about this place, I do enjoy it.  This weekend at the Phoenix Film Festival we ate here on Sunday and the food was once again yum.I guess I do the forbidden with my waffle fries, but I like to dip them in mayonnaise.  What else do you put on them? Catchup?? ewwww..  ruins the taste.  I get crap for it, but why do you think they put the mayo out there?  Oh what? it's for the chicken sandwich? Ahhh.. Oh well. The nuggets are awesome and if you can, top it off with some good ole sweet tea. The odd and really cool thing about Chick Fil A is that the people are ridiculously nice here. "Hi, welcome to Chick Fil A, how may I server you?"  Who says that?  One time I saw one of their female employees actually carry two bags of food out to this one guys car.. with him.   As nice as it was, Ive never seen so many people look at him in disgust.  I get allowing people to be nice, but don't be a punk and take advantage of them.    It's like going to the grocery store after buying a pack of gum and when they ask to help, you say "sure."  Just not cool.  Anyways..  they are great here.
5	I heart Chick-Fil-A. I almost said the waffle fries are the best part, but that would be a lie. The cookies and cream shake is. Actually, the chicken sandwich, waffle fries, and cookies and cream shake are all the best part.
4	I'm a relatively new fan to Chick-Fil-A. Those breakfast chicken minis and chicken nuggets are SO damn good that I've had to adopt Chick-Fil-A into my workweek lunch routine. This particular location is relatively new and deluxe for a fast food joint. The people who work there are very courteous, which at first was a little offputting because I felt like I was getting too much service for a fast food place. Something that I really like about Chick-Fil-A is that they have a fun condiment bar. It's not just ketchup, straws and napkins. They keep a couple types of mayo and mustard packets up there, as well as Purell handwipes (way cool), and even plastic placemats for children--which brings me to my one gripe. The place is teeming with children. Screaming children. And lots of them. When I was there last week, I couldn't wait to leave the place because it was so loud and the children were so annoying. Luckily there is an area off to the side where you can sit away from the play place, but that's assuming that nobody with kids sits over there. Word to the wise, if you don't like being around babies and kids, go through the drive thru.
4	Only deducting a star because they are closed on Sundays. You may disagree with me on this. My Dad certainly does. He thinks it shows character to not compromise your own beliefs to make money. I think it shows common sense to allow me to exchange my money for your chicken any time I damn well please. So we agree to disagree.Chick Fil A is definitely up there with Chipotle and In & Out as a top tier "Fast Food" place. Their chicken is juicy and tender and delicious and they come with tons of pickles, which I love. My similarities to Snookie end there. They also give you a bunch of different sauce options, so when you get a really good sandwich, you feel like you can kind of take some of the credit because you chose the sauce. I am all about heaping undeserved praise on myself, so this really helps with that. Okay, my similarities to Snookie end THERE.Their fountain drink machine has both Coke Zero AND Diet Dr Pepper as zero calorie options, which is fantastic. I wish all places would start offering more diet options in their fountain machine. I mean, seriously, who drinks real soda? Besides, maybe, during a hangover? I just cannot fathom consuming 240 empty calories just so my Coke has real corn syrup in it. Actually, all places just need to just get those touch screen coke machines, including this Chick Fil A, if they haven't (which I'm not sure because I've only used the drive through).Finally, the employees are all SUPER nice. At first I thought it was a fluke, and I just happened to get a ridiculously pleasant drive through attendant, but they've all been like that so it must be part of their training or something. Or maybe my Dad is right, and they're just in a good mood because they have Sundays off.
5	Love coming here for breakfast- chicken on a biscuit is awesome.  And their diet lemonade always leaves me happy.If you plan on coming for lunch and want to zip thru the drive-thru.... expect a wait or go inside!  This place is popular around noon!
2	Service INSIDE can be slow sometimes, since they seem to worship the drive-thru customers and get all of their orders first, or at least with significant priority.  Staff is polite.  It's a real PITA to have to get refills from them though, instead of having the soda dispensers out for self-serve.  Are they really saving much money by doing this?  When there are lines of people to order, it's a bit much to butt in line to ask for a refill... or maybe that's the point.
4	A fantastic Chick Fil A! I used to pop in to this location when I drove out to the Mayo Clinic for some treatments. Typically when I had to go up there, it wasn't for something pleasant, so a treat at CFA always made me feel better.The staff is just as friendly as you would expect. Friendly, accommodating, and if you want some extra sauce, they are happy to oblige.Food is consistent, just like any other location. I have still yet to have a horrible experience.As far as fast food goes, CFA is one of the best. As far as locations go, this one is right where you want it to be. Very good.
1	Closed on Sunday?  Looks like you've not only lost my Sunday dollars, but my business on Monday through Saturday too.
5	The only Chick Fil A in NY is hidden in an NYU dorm, and let's face it, I don't have time to sneak into dorms, so I only get Chick-Fil-A when I travel.  How do they make the sandwiches so good?  Why are their waffle fries so delicious?  Why can't I have their oreo shakes all the time?  I love love this place.
5	Best chik-fil-a around. Super friendly staff, clean facility, great food!
4	Spicy chicken and a pickle on a greasy bun.  Makes my hill-billy heart sing.  Wish we had more in Chicago
5	Who doesn't love their nuggets!  I love Chick Fil A nuggets.  I usually go get a quick order during lunch. It's faster to go inside than the drive through.  The staff is always friendly and says "Hi" or "Welcome".  The dining area is always clean and always full during lunchtime.
5	How does a "food" place of any kind get 5 stars from Traveling Tom?Serve him good tasting food with flavor. Do so quickly in a clean restaurant by extremely friendly people who go out of their way to make you feel important. Offer him a restroom where he can leave feeling cleaner and better then when he entered it and have plenty of close by free parking. Accept his credit card with a smile and ensure that the table he is going to sit at is clean. This place did it all and therefore - they get 5 stars. Maybe I hit a good day - maybe this is normal, but I most likely will return here before my vacation is over with. Nice job and a special shout out to Michael who offered to refill my drink and haul our trash away for us!
5	Love this place. Wish it was open 7 days a week but it's not. Chicken sandwich is the bomb and their fries are way better than McDonald's! Fast service through drive through. They could give out more sauces when asked for them through the drive through, only got 1 of each sauce which was disapointing but nothing big since my meal was small. Portions are very filling.
4	They serve breakfast items which is a plus for me. Drive thru is always quick. I love their lemonade and the sell it in take home jugs! They are closed on Sunday's though which is a bummer.
4	best chicken sandwich's ever!not to big on the breakfast menu. but no worries you can still get a regular chicken sandwich in the morning if you wait for it:)
5	Excellent food & service- Chicken is so fresh & the workers there really show that they love their job. I was there last night & the night manager "Kenny" a younger guy brought out our food & was checking on us to see if we needed anything- He had a spark in his eye & said he would own a chik-fil-a himself one day....now thats what i like to see in my employees!!!
1	LOVE LOVE LOVE the food, I'm sad to give a bad review.But, the last 4 times, they screwed up our order in the drive through.I'm sad...I love the food, but they just can't seem to get it right. :(
5	Great chicken as usual! I was in town for a conference down the road at the mayo clinic so I stopped by for a quick bite. Gluten free options are their specialty! I ordered a meal of grilled nuggets, fries and seltzer (seltzer was free). Quick service and the food was delicious!
5	AMAZING!!! I wish we had Chik Fil A in Canada!!!
5	I'm addicted to the chicken biscuit, but the reason I keep going back is the coolest staff on earth. I'm on a first name basis with the entire window crew, mostly because, if I'm going to miss the 10:30 breakfast cut-off, I call on my way, and Jessica, Michelle, Danielle, Nick or Damon will say "is this you Chris?" and set a couple aside for me.  They're amazing and courteous and I love this place because of them.
5	Compared to other Chick-fil-A's, this one is definitely above average.  Super nice folks and yummy food.  Yipee!
5	I only come here for their waffle fries, love it, yum yum yum.
5	This location rocks.  My wife and I go in a couple times a month for lunch during week.  Even when the place is packed they still give awesome service and food.  While enjoying lunch a gentleman who worked there asked to refill our drinks and take away garbage.  Doesn't matter how busy it may look its always worth the wait.
5	Food is what you'd expect it to be.   What is even better is the service here.   The manager that runs the place knows how to get good workers.It just wish that they'd be more open minded on the politics.
5	This has to be quite possibly the nicest staff I've ever witnessed at Chick Fila. The restaurant is clean and the food is always great.
5	It's Chick-fil-A, what can I say. The food comes out fast, hot, tasty and served with a smile. The place is spotless and employees constantly check to see if you need a refill on your drink or if there is anything they can do to make your visit more enjoyable. You can't ask for more than that!
4	First, chick-fil-a sauce is the greatest substance on the planet. I wouldn't be surprised if it could cure all types of diseases and extend the average human lifespan by twenty years with daily applications/ingestion. In case you haven't tried it, the honey roasted BBQ is also amazing and not as well known. Next to Chick-fil-a sauce, it is the second-greatest substance on the planet. Water is the third.Not sure what else to say about Chick-fil-a since you've probably been living in a case if you haven't actually been to one. A note of warning: eating chicken here will make you not want to eat chicken at any other fast-food chain. In fact, chick-fil-a is so good, it's probably the closest I've ever gotten to gluttony. During my more indulgent college years, I downed an original chicken sandwhich and a six pack of chicken strips in a single sitting. Didn't think twice about it. I probably wouldn't eaten more it's so good, but my sense of shame always seemed to catch up with me eventually.That's all for now. I'm going go rub chick-fil-a sauce all over my body.
5	This Chick-Fil-A rocks my socks off!! That sounds like a bit of an overstatement, doesn't it? Well, it's not. We have been here several times for lunch and the line is LONG. The first time I approached I was so disappointed at the length of the line and almost opted to leave however we were in and out in 10 minutes! The had two people taking orders with iPads, took payment while you waited in line (cash register set up by the area where you would normally order), and all you had to do was pull up and grab your food. I've never had anything come wrong, they give plenty of sauces, and are always super friendly. In fact, if I'm having a bad day I might just come here just because I'm pretty sure the staff here would cheer me up with their great attitudes. That, my friends, is rare these days but this Chick-Fil-A delivers every time!
5	Always love me some good Chick fil A, and this location never disappoints. Their management team is awesome, and you can tell by all the happy employees around. Keep up the great work!
1	Absolutely horrified. I just got back with lunch, I bite into the sandwich and this absolutely disgusting giant gooey, rubbery tendon like thing is there. I have never been more grossed out. See picture. So long for chicken.
