5	this is THE BEST target in the valley.  seriously.  i even talked to a regional target representative who said this store has the lowest sales volume in the area, hence its guaranteed abundance of having everything you want in stock and then some.  it's hardly ever crowded either and you can park right up close.
5	O Target, how I love thee. It's just bad news for me if I go into target, alone, with my credit cards after I've paid them off. I honestly do not need summer colored matching towels/toilet seat cover/floor mat/shower curtain for my bathroom, nor do I need pink kitchen gadgets or an assortment of potted plants that will surely die in a few weeks. But somehow they end up in my cart full of crap at the end of my shopping excursion. I love Target.
4	A neighbor down the street described this one as The Ghetto target.I lived in India and I know what ghetto is and honey, this Target is not ghetto. It's actually better than the Target just down the street from me. This Target takes an extra *gasp* ten minutes to get to.I went there Thursday after landing back in good ole AZ. Because it's Target, it's organized like the other Targets...so finding cleaning supplies, etc was no problem.I have a love/hate relationship with Target. I can never seem to leave without spending under $100. I went armed with a list this time...I wandered down the clothing section because I rarely buy clothing from Target. I just never see anything worth buying...until I set my eyes on these Mossimo sweaters that were on sale for only $15. I got 2 in black, then green, purple and brown...my eyes happened to fall on this ADORABLE green fall coat. Somehow, it fell into my basket.I bought more clothing than cleaning supplies. Good thing I didn't wander down the shoe aisle, because I've seen some seriously cute shoes at Target before.I like this Target because even though it's in "the ghetto", it's really not. It's got a good selection and a friendly staff - what more can anyone ask for? Well, you can ask for a Starbucks. Sadly, I don't recall seeing a Starbucks there.
2	Oh boy this is a ghetto Target.  Not only are the people in it really sketchy but the store is trashed.  It literally looked like someone walked through and knocked everything off the shelves in one aisle.  The workers just ignored customers and pushed carts into people.  It was a bit of a disaster.  I did find what I was looking for, so I guess that's all that matters.
4	How can a Target be ghetto?  It's impossible!  I'm at this specific Target often and frequently, and it's perfectly nice and clean.  Place is well stocked, and just like every other Target I've set foot into in my day.  I come here because it's close to my home, and, well, frankly, its hard to hate a Target.The staff here is always friendly and helpful, and offer all the same services that the other Targets do anywhere else in America.  I come here for a zillion different reasons, but mostly because Target is awesome, its closer to me then Walmart, and they carry everything I need.  Will return as often and as frequently as possible, since I love it here!
4	I love going to Target. This store is laid out real funny. Dont like that very much. But every employee that I have encountered here has been very helpful.
3	I absolutely hate the layout of this Target but I needed the exercise so go figure. This Target is in a empty strip mall long ago abandoned by other businesses and they are hardly ever busy so that is a plus point right there. If you need anything from the sales ad they are more likely to have it in stock and have a wide selection of things more than the other stores. I love the Hello Kitty dollar items they have right now.
4	This is my favorite Target. Nice, clean, service is helpful.
5	Okay, so maybe I'm not the biggest Target fan (it's definitely better than Wal-Mart) but I'm absolutely sold on their pharmacy. I don't take a lot of medication, but I happened to need a prescription and I asked my Dr. to use this target because it's close to my house. Before I made it from the Dr's office to my car, I got a call from the pharmacist saying that my prescription was ready! When I picked it up (just minutes later), everything was ready and pickup was a breeze. A couple of days later, the pharmacist called to see if I was doing okay! Are you kidding me!? Who does that? (Costco sure doesn't, I can tell you that!)
4	I waste a lot of work hours wandering around this place. Big, clean, friendly employees.
1	I was in search of a particular rc plane that can only be found at Target within the store. It is not available online. I searched locations to find the remote control plane and drove to this location. Although, the online directory assured it was in stock at this store, I found it was not. I went to guest services to supply the DPC# and the clerk said there was definitely two in stock. When he called the clerk in electronics she confirmed it but would not bring the item to me. I was asked to walk back to the department that I had already searched to pick up the item. When I got there it was the same selection I had already viewed and was not the Jet Set 2 that I was looking for. The clerk informed me that it matched the DPC# that I brought in. I am very frustrated as this is the second store that I have gone to and was only referred to go to another store in Tempe! Too much running around and no definite answers! Feels like false advertisement to post an item only to find they do not carry it! My son will be very disappointed!
4	This Target is situated in a "ghost town" of a strip mall.  If you don't like crowds or long lines, this is the Target for you.
4	1st generation store but still holds up always the best store for clearance items.
4	This Target is very interesting. It has the standard new red look inside but there's just something different about it I can't quite tell. I like that it has 16 checklanes, it seems like most Target stores only have 12 now. Those four extra could make a big difference come Christmas time. I'm a little disappointed they took the photo lab out, but all in all it is a very nice, well maintained Target. This location still has the typical Pharmacy, Starbucks, Pizza Hut Express with the Target food court. I'd have to say that what Sue said is not very credible though. I've never had any problem with boxes being in the way and the team members have always been very helpful. And with the having to walk far issue Sue mentioned, this Target is set up like a Costco where the parking wraps the front entrance at the corner. I've seriously never been more than a few steps away from the door, the Garden Center was MUCH further. I'm primarily writing this review to speak about how great the employees are here! I went with my wife and mother in law to purchase a crib on sale with a free mattress. Another Target sent us here but this store had only one of the two items. The team members here searched other locations and even went above and beyond and called the other location to have the items held for us. I've always had a great experience when shopping at this Target, they have a really fantastic staff which makes a world of difference.I really recommend this Target store to anyone in this area, please don't let Sue's review keep you from this shopping nirvana!
5	I love this Target, the employees are very attentive I feel like. I am pregnant and once when I asked the security staff if there were any other bathrooms while the front was getting cleaned, he escorted me to a private bathroom. I would have died or just peed my pants without his help. I really appreciated it. The cashiers and any employee I've encountered on the floor has always been helpful and nice-I'd take over Walmart any day. And the bathrooms have never been in bad condition-big points for that. Oh and I have to add to that they are super on top of it when it comes to WIC- everything labeled and everyone is pretty on the same page about what is accepted or not- very quick check out.
4	Hooray for late night printer ink! And printer cables!Their selection isn't massive, but when you're printing out some stuff late at night and you need to set up the new printer and it didn't come with any ink or a cable, you can bet your sweet bippy that Target has probably got your back.They totally dropped the ball on fresh cut flowers (my hometown Target rocks that world) but made up for it tonight with the office supplies.Other than that, it's a Target. Access is a little weird off of Longmore or Southern (and a pain with the current construction) but it's close to home and you can run in and out pretty quick.
2	The kid at the pharmacy is so unbelievably rude just now. My dr.'s office called and left a message at 9am and I called the pharmacy at 1pm to see if the Rx was ready and they had no recollection of this being called in so I called my doctor again and asked them to call and actually speak to the customer service agents. I gave it two hours called them back just before 3 and the kid said,"yeah we just got it but we have other ppl before you who are also waiting for their Rx's to be filled." I said I'm aware of that but what I really felt like saying is it was called in at 9am!? I downed 32 ounces of pedialyte to hold me off from getting my medication today and u have the audacity to make me feel like I'm being rude?! And then right after I got off the phone with him I received a text that it was ready so... This rant is for the Target pharmacy kid. Screw you, I've been vomiting for the last 36 hours and you have hurt my feelings...
1	Very disappointed right now.  Popped in on my lunch break and their cafe is CLOSED!   Do they need to hire more people or what? The girl with glasses and walkie talkie did not offer any explanation.
1	Boooooooo.  This Target does not seem to know how to "cross train" their employees.  This is now the 2nd time this month that their snack bar has been closed super early.
