4	As far as fast pizza goes, I really like Papa Murphy's. This one even has a drive thru so you can call ahead and just pull up to the window. The staff is friendly and the store is clean. You can go inside and watch them build your pie.I really like that I can pick up a pizza and cook it when I'M ready instead of waiting for delivery or having it sit and get cold. The ingredients are good quality and they always have coupons online, making it a very affordable option when you need something quick.
4	Great prices, lots of coupons available. Fresh tasty options.
4	Great value for good pizza.
4	As the name says, they make the pizza then you take it home and bake it.  Interesting concept.I think it's a little pricey, but they put on a LOT of toppings.  Their largest size barely fits in our oven (which is a standard wall oven).  But it fits.  They put it on a baking tray for you, but after about 8-10 minutes you want to take it off the tray so the bottom of the crust will firm-up a bit.  You can leave it on the tray, but it will come out limp.  Cooked, but limp.  Transferring to the oven rack resolves that problem.  It is easy to tear the crust doing this, so be careful (or put the tray on a rack below the pizza to catch anything that may drip).  We ripped one because we tried to move it too soon.The pizza itself is very tasty.  Toppings seem fresh, and the sauce is good.  And I prefer eating at home anyway!There are coupons available pretty regularly (mail flyers and such), which make it a bit less pricey.
4	Main points:-Decent fast food pizza -Variety of toppings, unique topping combinations-Comparable pricing to other fast food chainsReview:It's like Subway for pizza, you go in and order a preset combination of toppings or pick your own toppings, watch them make it for you with their fresh ingredients, and take it home (although they don't cook it for you, you'll do that at home with the instructions).I've tried Papa Murphy's at a few small get-togethers, and overall for fast food pizza it's pretty good.  I wasn't too sure I liked the idea of having to bake my own pizza, but it actually works out well when you need to pick up food early to serve later (ex: book clubs, play-dates, casual weeknight dinners, etc.)  The main reason I like them is because they have interesting and unique topping combinations including "Hamburger" (with pickles on it!), "Cowboy", and their Gourmet Veggie (white garlic sauce instead of red sauce on base) which is my favorite, and I'm not even a vegetarian!  They also offer dessert pizzas such as s'mores and cinnamon, which are pretty good too.If you're looking for something fast and casual, give Papa Murphy's a shot.  With their regular coupons and Tuesday night "any large for $10" deal, it's worth a try.
5	Grabbed a family size 1/2 hawaiian 1/2 combo on my way to watch DVDs with the girls last night. What a great crowd pleaser and as always the servers were speedy & courteous.
2	Tastes like frozen which is so sad. Better off going across the way to the other pizza joint. Bad location for this franchisee. Wife likes the artichoke pizza which earns the 2nd star.. I will try to convince her to forget this place though. Also not the greatest idea for the guy to talk about the new girl when there is a customer who can hear.
5	The guys who work here are always friendly. The order ahead drive thru makes it extra convenient when you have a car full of kids :) we like their thin crust pizza best!
