4	Filiberto's recently opened this location at a former Jack In the Box.I ordered a carne asada quesadilla and pollo asado burrito.  Both were beyond crazy amounts of food - each was chock full of meat.  I preferred their chicken over the carne.  The chicken tasted flavorful and marinated, while the steak was just "gray" and didn't have a good grilled flavor (I know, what can you expect for meat cooked on the flattop).The quesadilla came with a nice portion of sour cream and guac on the side.  Yeah, yellow cheese was the stuffing of choice, but it didn't taste too greasy.  The burrito had guac inside with some onion/cilantro also.  They offered hot sauce and I happily obliged.The staff was very friendly, and while I didn't go inside, I would expect it was your typical "relatively clean" -ertos style restaurant, although being Filiberto's is one of the larger chains, they seem to have better standards than their competitors.
2	I got their green chile which was good except the rice had uncooked grains here and there, so you'd chow down on the rice that was mostly soft and all of a sudden your teeth would hit something hard. I pulled it out of my mouth and it ended up being an uncooked grain of rice!  It was almost insidious. We also ordered a burrito that was not included in the bag that we did not discover until we got home, very disappointing experience.
3	My first experience here wasn't the best so I'll add my second trip to the bottom of this review.  To decide a review on one visit may not be fair, at least not at this point.   I had the green chili burrito and the portion size was great.  The only problem was my blood pressure went up twenty points.  The main flavor was salt... Now I love salt as much as the next saltaholic, but my Great Stepmother supposedly cooked for Pancho Villa and I Inherited an awesome chili Verde recipe (aka Green Chili.)  THIS BURRITO. WAS FAR FROM IT.   In fact, usually cumin and green chilies are what you're supposed to taste (not salt.)   The meat was tender, the staff was friendly, and the restaurant was (pretty clean).  I'll wait for my next trip to finalize my review.    Second trip wasn't much better... I had the carne asada burrito, it was good. For some reason the other locations seem to have much better food? I've gotten at least one point better food at their other locations.I've made several trips now and it seems to me that this must be one of the better burrito places in the area, which is disappointing because in San Diego there are many burrito shops with excellent quality food. I suppose it just depends on your expectations and your location.
2	I don't understand the love for this place.  It's okay, and great in a pinch, but mexican food should taste better.  Their steak lacks flavor as if it's cooked hours earlier and left in a steamer. If it's cooked to order I'm shocked by how little flavor it has.  Also I'm confused by this location.  I ordered a chorizo torta because the Filiberto's website says it contains chorizo, eggs, guacamole, lettuce & mayo.  Yet mine contained chorizo egg beans and cheese.  Do each of these places have their own menus?
4	This place is great for late night food. Big ol' burritos and cheap as it gets, you know the drill. Personally I do late night breakfast burritos, it's kind of my thing.
3	When it comes to the '-bertos' restaurants there is definitely a wide variety of quality between them all. I put this one square in the middle it's not fabulous but it's by no means one of the worst ones. I'd say it's average to good. When you roll up at noon on a Saturday and you're the only car in the drive thru that says something. The portions from this location are on the small side. An order of carne asada fries is definitely smaller than you'd find at Julioberto's and Los Betos. They do not use real guacamole here it's that weird green guacamole sauce stuff. if you're looking for quick Mexican and you're in the area it'll do.
4	Ever since my bad experience with the uncooked rice, this restaurant has been right on the mark with the rice and everything else.  I highly recommend this Filiberto's, the food is good!
5	Friendliest 24 hr taco joint I've ever been to. The food always tastes fresh. I like chicken and carne asada tacos. The drive thru staff is quick and always gets my order right. I love the convenience.
1	Ordered rolled tacos and a Carne Asada burrito.... For a -berto restaurant, it's really not very good.  Tasteless, cold, and unimpressive.
1	After waiting for 15 minutes and watching your employee blot the oil and makeup off her face, for my basic California Burrito with no Pico de guallo, half the borrito was cold, and it seemed as if there was extra pico on the borrito. Not going back to this place ever again.
