5	I can't believe this Starbucks isn't listed on YELP?!?!!I come to this one all the time it's right on the corner of Spring Mountain and Valley View...Near the Chinatown area and next to Pho Kim Long Restaurant (Also reviews on yelp).Anyhow, This one is never overly busy has a drive through...It isn't the largest Starbucks but for the clientele it gets at varioius times of the day that I've been here over and over again it is just right.Always clean not far from the strip and great service.
4	This was a quick stop last night to a later open Starbuck's that the neighborhood stores.  It was clean, service was quick, and the drink was exactly right.  I've been here before, and I'll be back.
1	as a loyal customer of starbucks, i was highly disappointed by this location's service.here's the story:  i ordered a skinny caramel macchiato at the blue diamond location (near my house) and asked for a little extra caramel sauce (i know that no longer makes the drink skinny, but i had a sweet tooth :).  instead of topping me off with extra sauce, they gave me an extra pump of caramel syrup (yuck!).  since i was headed to a store in chinatown, i stopped at the startbucks right off the spring mountain exit, explained my issh and asked for a little extra sauce.  the guy at the window said he couldn't alter my drink, but could make me a new one.  i took out a dollar to tip him for his kindness.  we exchanged goods, i thanked him dearly and drove off.  when i looked at the new drink he'd made me............ it was crap!  in asking for a little extra sauce, he flooded it with sauce!  1/8 of the drink was sauce.  there was a layer of sauce at the bottom of the cup... a layer on the top.  the drink was so full, it overflowed when i poked the straw in it and spilled all over my car! mind that i am normally not "one of those" customers... if ever i feel that i'm swaying that way, i'm overly apologetic and thankful.  mind that i pay for a $5 drink everyday, so it better taste the way i want and expect it to.  above all, mind that every starbucks i've been to has said: if you're ever unsatisfied with your drink, they'd be happy to remake it.
3	They make a super huge Treinte size now?! Holy cow. I haven't been to a Starbucks in forever as I just cant drink all these caffeinated, rich drinks. I did stop in for a passion ice tea on a hot day and it did the trick. The lady at the register was nice and my drink is super easy as they just pour some tea on ice so there really isn't anything to it.
4	Fast, friendly service. Consistent on the drinks. Drive thru is convenient and fairly quick.Starbucks isn't my first choice in coffee but their iced teas are great!
4	they have these great lounge chairs, which helped pass 1.5 hours after lunch waiting for our ride. and this is the first place i saw a treinte size. i had an iced coffee so i don't know if they are skilled, but it was done quick and they didn't kick us out.
4	Consistency will always be on Starbucks' side. It is hard to mess up something as simple as an Iced Coffee with no sweetener or milk. Maybe  it is best to keep it as basic as possible.The drive thru moves at a quick pace and I can easily get my order in and ready within minutes. If I do not have time to just sit back and enjoy the ambiance than Starbucks is good. If you don't have to be anywhere, go to one of the local own shops and just enjoy the atmosphere.
3	As someone who once upon a time was employed by Starbucks, frequents Starbucks to the point of owning a Gold Card which is frequently used, and can list off their new products by quarters, I have a pretty solid grasp of the company, their standard, and some of the finer details that the company keeps.Service here is generally pretty decent in terms of drink turn around time, well-trained, friendly baristas, and I frankly love the location and appearance of this particular Starbucks: The Pagoda style roof/building is charming.  The GM is super cute and friendly, super chatty about the company, and has done some pretty awesome things such as helped me condense and transfer all of my funds around from one gift card, an old Gold Card that would store but not "Read" money, and my new Gold Card and put it all into one card.  Horray!Not only that, but the crowd here is fun.  Since it's in China Town, it only stands to reason that you would have a lot of Asians: Chinese, Japanese, Koreans, and even Vietnamese.  So it's a great spot to go and people watch.  (I drive a Honda and parked in the middle of a 7-long row of Honda vehicles in the parking lot, hahahaha.) And an occasional drag queen pops up here, to boot.  Yeah, interesting crowd!So anyway, my main issue with this place is the fact that over the last four years that I've been dropping by, the DM or someone has been a little too overzealous with the state of employment in this store.  Every time my co-workers and I get to know a barista at this location, they're GONE!  They've been transferred off, or just "let go" at the drop of a hat, with no warning or notice to us.  As a company that just dreams of becoming a frequent habit in your lifestyle, it's a little offputting for this to happen not just once or twice but ALL the time!  One of the reasons why I love the Starbucks by me at Tenaya/Crag is because the individuals who are up there have been there for some time and haven't been transferred out - I know them, they know my drink preferences, and so on.  So yeah, it's a decent Starbucks but don't get too attached to any of the staff, they never seem to be there more than year.  :|
5	Nicest crew in town. Nearby but I go out of my way to only shop this location Closes too early, easily a midnight store
5	I'm very particular about how I like my Caramel Frappaccino (xxxxtra caramel) and I don't mind Starbucks charging extra for all that caramel but more often than not , I don't get the amt of caramel I paid extra for.  This Starbucks gives the exact amt I need.
4	Standard; friendly staff
4	Just like almost every other Starbucks, quick and friendly.
3	Eh, Starbucks does not have the best coffee in the world, but its every where, on every corner, in every state, in every town. I do believe that they over price some of the extras, like using soy milk, $.60....adds up fast.  And in the airports and hotels they OVERCHARGE by a lot.  This location was clean and they have a drive through which is great when you don't want to get out of the car!!!  Only problem, they don't give you a receipt unless you ask...Don't forget to ask for one!
3	Useful! Sat down here after the trade show I attended did close and before dinner to write a blog entry. It was quiet, service was nice and the wifi was free! Near the Las Vegas "chinatown" area.
5	A Starbucks is a Starbucks, right? But this location really stands out from the rest!-friendly employees (especially the early morning crew)-fast drive thru-rarely makes mistakes-I don't have to ask for napkins if I order food-I don't have to ask for a stopper when I order a hot drink. Either they give me one automatically or THEY ask if I want one.-they give out coupons when there are promotions going on. Sometimes I go to other Starbucks in the area, but service is not as good as it is here. I have experienced longer wait times, employees who don't say thank you, and wrong orders. This location is convenient for me because I can stop by before going to work. Also, I believe this is the only Starbucks on Spring Mountain.
4	I like this location because it's not too busy and they always has tables outside the store so I can enjoy the latte and cigarettes with my friends.
5	This star bucks is honestly different from the rest! Wonderful smiles on the employees faces they know my drink when I walk in the door and they really do make your day start off better! Having to wake up at 8 am is hard but this starbucks is by far aweomse!!!
4	Who doesn't like spending $5 on a cup of coffee? It's about the ambiance. Hahaha. But for real though, give me my coffee fix and no one gets hurt.
5	I had a gift card I got my my sister so decided to come in one day. Very clean and I have to say out of all the Starbucks I've been to the people working here are extremely nice. Sue recommended a sweetener I should get with my regular green tea frap and it was delish! They welcomed everyone who came in and passed out samples. Excellent customer service.
4	The selling points for this location are they have a drive thru and they are conveniently located in Chinatown, just off the 15. I pass this location coming from many different locations and it's often a nice little spot to stop when I'm in need of a caffeine fix. I don't frequent Starbucks or any drink spots in town since I'm not much of a caffeine addict, but it's a good spot when the mood strikes.
5	As a daily consumer of Starbucks for years, I can honestly say I've never seen one like this! They are so on-top-of-it and QUICK! Even when there is a long line, it still moves so quickly...and all with very friendly service.
5	I have never gone in to this store but always gone through the drive through and i must day they are the quickest drive through i have been to. They can have cars wrapped around their store and still get customers right through. Traffic on the other may cause a little back up, but hey what do you expect its China town. The partners are always friendly whenever i pass through. Awesome location to visit
5	This is a pretty efficient Starbucks. I often use the drive through and they get me on my way quickly. I'm not a fan that you aren't supposed to U-turn into the parking lot when going South on Valley View. Helpful tip: when driving East on Spring Mountain turn left at Polaris and follow around (2 Rights) it will take you to Valley View and you can turn right into the parking lot. Sometimes I just do the U-turn, don't tell my mom! Staff is always friendly! Today the girl recommended I try vanilla with my Gem Tea Latte. She said since I already use Soy milk that is vanilla flavored it will complement it quite nicely. She was definetly right. It was yummy! I sure wish Starbucks would offer Almond Milk! They need to figure that ish out before I get lured away by another coffee house.
1	I odered a Venti black ice-tea and customized it with breve, everywhere else I goes, I only paid $3.30 while today it's my first time stop by at this location and they charge me $4.95. I called and spoke to Susan (who claimed to be a supervisor) said this is how they charge their customer. This place is such a ripoff, don't go there without checking your receipt. First of all, they mess up my order with milk instead of cream and now they charge me more.
2	2 stars because of terrible customer service.. EILEEN rolled her eyes at me for adding on to my order at the window.
3	I was craving for iced coffee , there was a long line in this branch.The waiting time was 10 minutes ,But in the end I got my ice coffee and it was  good and refreshing.
1	I used to like this location because it was the only one close to my work that was open before 6am. I went one morning and ordered my usual drink in the drive thru. When the woman taking the order apparently couldn't hear me (even though I heard people laughing in the background) she said in a bad attitude "an iced coffee with what?!" So I repeated myself and said it louder to be sure she heard me. When I drove up she seemed annoyed and gave me my total. I gave her my card and she turned away thinking the window had closed, which it didn't, and proceeded to mock me and yell what I ordered in an obnoxious and loud voice. She even have the nerve to give me a faked smile and tell me to have a great day. Clearly this woman is a miserable person and shouldn't be in a job of service. I could not believe how rude she was. I still can't. I will NEVER return to this location and have been sure to tell anyone and everyone I know to not waste their time at this location.
4	This store has friendly and courteous servers. I never have to wait too long. When they are slow you get your drink in a matter of seconds. Great Starbucks!!The BAD:Parking sucks!It's on Spring Mountain Rd and Valley View. Need I say more?.....always traffic and accidents in that area.
5	This Starbucks is a bit smaller than others I have been to, but the vibe is still the same. Like others have said, staff was very friendly. Got my Venti Vanilla Bean very quick! WiFi is awesome as well.
4	This location was really clean the staff was great and my drink was delicious. Will come back for sure.
3	I don't usually drink coffee, but when I do, it's Starbucks. Stay thirsty my friends. I usually hit up the drive thru and get a black and white mocha latte, which is half white chocolate and half mocha chocolate with espresso. Right now they are offering seasonal flavors like peppermint mocha and chestnut praline, which are both very tasty. Not only do they have delicious drinks, but they also have food too. Sometimes for breakfast I get the sausage sandwich, which is a sausage patty with cheese on top of a toasted english muffin. It tastes a lot better than competitors breakfast sandwiches, and it is twice the size so it is very filling. They are usually pretty busy around 745 when I stop here, but the drive thru moves fairly quickly and the employees are friendly. The only downside is they are a bit pricey. A grande mocha and a breakfast sandwich will set you back about $8.
5	Sara and Christina are awesome!! You walk in and they greet you with amazing lovable weird corky coolness!!! This is how Starbucks employees should be.Oh and the coffee is good here too. LOL
3	I really liked this location, Its small and not to crowded! The service is fast. The employees were great, friendly.
