4	Think of it as Vida's more casual, laid back little sister. (I was going to say loose and realized wait that sounds completely inappropriate)Vida is a restaurant that just happens to have a bar. Vida Vida is a bar that just happens to have food.Tons of flat screen tvs, roll up garage doors, canned beers, frozen drinks, fish bowls, music... it's a super fun vibe. Burritos, tacos, salads, chips and the usual suspects. Tacos come individually or in platters. Bring some friends and go the platter route. It's a much better deal. My personal fav is the Philly Cheesesteak. Drink-wise, I go with the Spicy Jalapeno Margarita. A mix of spicy and sweet. Sundays usually feature a DJ. Monday is karaoke night. Tuesday is We Run Uptown... Charlotte's latest run club. I'll pass on the running. Just give me a taco. Although, I heard you get free chips and salsa afterwards. Still not enough to make me want to run.My latest venture here was to kickoff birthday celebrations on Saturday night. The place was packed and we had a large crew. Two birthday girls.... two groups of friends... one table. I was a little worried, but the service was great. It's the EpiCentre, so pull up a table on the patio and enjoy the show. The only thing that makes people watching better: chips, salsa and tacos.
2	I don't even know where to begin. Yes I do, from the beginning. Because that's when things went wrong. Our waitress (#1) took our order (2 drinks, chips and queso), no big deal. A few minutes later her shift ended so she brought another waitress (#2) over to us and introduced our new waitress. Great, no problem. Except less than 5 minutes after we get transferred, our new waitress gets her purse and walks out. I mean I'm not one to judge a smoke break. Whatever. Except this 'break' lasted 15 minutes and after realizing this chick was not coming back, I had to go to the bar to order another drink. The bartender seemed baffled, rightfully so. He was now having to do her job. The bartender brings me my drink, the waitress is still gone. I really thought she had completely peaced out! We ordered another drink, and eventually this girl strolls back in like its nothing. She comes up to us after walking around the room for awhile, completely oblivious to the fact that she was failing at her job. Fast forward, all of the girls working at the taco bar decide to put together a World Cup cutout. The kind of thing where you put your face in it and take a picture. There were FIVE of them working on it. Working so diligently that they were ignoring the customers. Including the 2 nice women who sat next to us and waited for at least 10 minutes, and eventually got up and left to get a waitress from Vida to try to help them. I even notified one of the waitresses that 2 customers had left because they were ignored. The real kicker comes when I decided that after all of that, I had to try some tacos to see 1) what they tasted like and 2) how much worse it could get. Disclaimer, I filled the order sheet our wrong. But after waiving down the waitress/female bartender, explaining that I did not in fact want a platter, just two tacos, she agreed and went on her way. This is also a different waitress (#3) than we originally had, that one (#2) was still working on the cardboard cut out. The food comes, guess who is served 6 tacos? What in the world am I going to do with those? So then waitress #2 (the one who left the restaurant, not the one who took the taco order) came over and asked how everything was. I said you know the tacos are great buttttt we didn't order 6 of them. I explained what happened, she says 'oh so you didn't want these?' We said no, we just can't eat that many. She picks up the tray with the remaining 4 and walks off. I know we didn't want to pay the $17 for 6 tacos, or even eat that many, but common restaurant courtesy is that if you bring out the wrong thing, you leave it. Considering the hassle of the entire situation, it seemed reasonable. I guess not?Okay so the pluses? The fried chicken taco was good. The male bartender was SUPER nice and receptive when I asked him to go light on the agave in my marg. I am a Texas girl who just wanted some queso, margaritas and tacos. I think that male bartender was the only one competent enough to even be working there. Vida Vida, your potential is there but your staff lacks basic restaurant skills.
2	The only reason I'm giving Vida Vida 2 stars is because the food (if you ever manage to get it) is rather delicious and well priced.  The Fried Chicken Taco is one of the best tacos I've ever had, and better than any of the tacos on Vida's menu IMO.  The service however, is atrocious.  The concept here is that you sit down, fill out a slip of paper with your order selections, the waitress takes your slip of paper, and then brings you what you ordered.  Seems pretty simple huh? Well apparently it is much harder to keep track of pieces of paper and enter orders correctly than one could ever imagine.  I've been here 4 times and during 3/4 of our visits, someone in our party either had their entire order lost, or the wrong items entered.  The waitress' have never been apologetic or attentive and all seem like they stepped out of la la land. As a former waitress (for 8 years) I know we all have our bad days, but these ladies have all had bad months, and their aloofness doesn't help.  I want to be hopeful about the future of Vida Vida and attribute the terrible service to the fact that the restaurant is new, but there are only so many times you can go to a place and continue to be disappointed before you don't go back anymore.
3	Just had a few beers with friends after work so I can't say much but the service was good.
1	Against my better judgment, I gave Vida Vida another shot. The service could not have been worse; I should have walked out. To start, our server never introduced herself, just a snappy "what do you want to drink?" Right then would have been a good time to leave. After completing the order sheets we put them in the holder to signal we were ready. Server just ran by and grabbed them without saying a word; that would be the last time she stopped at our table. Our server's poor mood made us feel very uncomfortable. There was a lot of employee drama going on; plenty of heated looks and discussions between servers. I felt like I was in a terrible reality show.  20 minutes waiting for our check and we were out of there. I may have been running with how uncomfortable the whole experience was. On a positive note, the food has improved slightly and the bartenders appeared friendly.
4	So I have been to Vida Vida three times now. Once just to drink and twice to eat. The atmosphere is super laid back and chill with some good outdoor seating. Everything is a la carte.Drinks: They have decent drink specials. I had there margarita just once. Super crazy sweet....havent ordered it since and have just stuck with beer the rest of the time.Food: For appetizers, I have had the queso and guac. The queso is actually really good, it's like a chipotle tasting queso. The guac was good as well, though the serving may have been a little small (though, it could be that Im just a guac freak and never can have enough guac!!!). For tacos, I have had (between various visits) the philly taco, the Carnitas taco, and a fried fish (or maybe it was chicken, who knows) taco. The philly is by far the best.....super yummy!Overall, great place to eat at in a relaxed atmosphere with good prices. All of which is hard to come by in the Epicenter!
3	Stopped by with a group on a Sunday evening and was pleasantly surprised. I only recognized one of the bartenders, so maybe they have cleared out some staff since my last visit. This time around our server was on her A-game and the food was what it always should have been. I'm happy to say Vida Vida has somewhat redeemed itself from a handful of poor experiences.
4	I stopped by Vida Vida during a short visit to NC this summer and I was impressed. Their frozen margaritas were pretty good, I also tried their frozen sangria which I did not like. It tasted like frozen red wine but the bartender was kind enough to comp the drink at the end of the night. Their tacos are out of this world delicious, the ingredients are fresh and tasty. I love how authentic the flavors were and I am definitely looking forward to my next NC trip to try the rest of their menu.
5	Taco, Taco! Love the food and drinks here. Perfect place to visit before hitting the town.
3	I went here while visiting charlotte.  The menu is not very big and the food doesn't have a lot of taste. Me and a friend both ordered a chicken burrito and they turned out completely different.  A can of blue moon was $5 for a can, which I thought was kinda high. I probably wouldn't visit here again,  would be a good place to go if youre drunk though.
2	This is just not my week for tacos. The speed of getting food in a fast casual establishment brand like this was abysmal. Management seems to be absent.Monday catch up lunch with 3 friends to meet at 11:30 am. Most of us are there by 11:40 am, we get a table, the waitress brings our drinks. Ordering is sushi style, that is a pad of paper and pencils, and one marks the number of each item you want, and order everything all at once.  I ordered a plethora: Chicken, Fried Chicken, Carnitas, and Veggie Tacos. Plus churros, I was hungry. At $3 each is what a taco should be. There is a platter special of 6 tacos for $17 but one is limited to 3 choices and I wanted to sample flavors.Waitress comes by and collects our orders, my receipt says 11:57am. Our late friend arrives just after noon, he gets his order in about 12:10.Around 12:20pm guess which item comes out first? Guess. The churros! One has to wonder how it takes 20 minutes to make fried dough rolled in sugar. It's worse the dessert came first. Food finally arrived around 12:30. We were all so hungry we tore into it, so I'm not going to have a lot of nuance to say. The carnitas were moist, and a stand out among what was ho-hum and coldish. All came on corn tortillas.Waitress came by to ask how our order was and apologized for the churros coming out first when she brought the checks at 12:43pm. If someone had come out and said hey Vida Cantina's kitchen was slammed I would have understood but being left waiting on such a simple meal is terrible.
5	TACOS!Pop in here day or night for a great casual atmosphere, and some seriously good tacos.  Their kitchen is shared with Vida Cantina next door, so all the food is great quality, and it tends to come out pretty quickly.There's occasionally live music or a DJ posted up at the front of the restaurant, and when the weather is nice, they'll open up the garage doors to the patio. Stop in with a friend or two and have a couple Tacos, a frozen margarita and a beer.  If you're really hungry, get the chips and guac, and split the taco platter with a friend.I haven't had them all yet, but my favorites are the Fried Chicken and Carnitas tacos.  They're served on small tortillas with just the right amount of meat and vegetables, and go down easily.  The price is pretty fair, too.  Best taco spot uptown for sure!TACOS!
4	Great tacos and really cool scene! I travel to TX a lot, and thought these tacos were just as good (if not better) than what I seek out when I'm there.
1	I have been to Vida a handful of times since I've lived in Charlotte, over the course of two years.  When Vida had a 60 minute wait, my boyfriend and I went to Vida Vida, right next door.  While at the restaurant service was great and food was delicious, I had the fajita and ground beef taco.  That night and the entire next day I was experienced the worst case of food poising, violently getting sick (coming out of both ends).  Unfortunately I will never return to either restaurant, after being scared with this experience. FYI.  Be cautious the food you get there.
