1	This was such a sad experience. I used to like Dominos a lot. Since there "new pizza" has come along, I will not order again. My boyfriend who will eat almost anything...especially pizza, stopped after 1 piece and said it was disgusting. He HATED the cornmeal all over the bottom of the pizza. He said that it was gross and annoying having it all over his hands while he ate. He also did not like the garlic crust. I like the flavors of the crust because they taste like their breadsticks, but did not like having to touch it the whole time I was eating the pizza. The cheese was sparce, and the pizza way dry. I babysit a little girl all the time, and Dominos was her favorite, and now she won't eat it at all. I also think that it was rude how they put "Papa Johns, now who's your Daddy" on our pizza box. First of all, Papa Johns is my favorite fast food pizza. I think it's funny that Dominos has had to copy them with garlic sauce, and now they are trying to claim that their new pizza is better. yeah right. Dream on Dominos! Never again!
5	This is an EXCELLENT Domino's store delivering a tasty product; in a timely manner.While visiting Phoenix, I've ordered delivery from this store several times over the past few months. This Domino's is located about 4 miles from where I am staying. Month after month, this store delivered all Internet orders exactly as ordered and within about 30 to 40 minutes after pressing the enter key on the keyboard.  Plus, you can track the order on-line to know when the product left the store.The pizzas have always arrived hot; crispy, and the delivery drivers have always been very polite. The drivers often bring extra napkins, grated cheese packets or crushed pepper packets (nice touch).I've traveled extensively for the past three years and have stayed in many cities; using various Domino's across the U.S. The 3510 Bell Road Domino's has been among the best in terms of service and quality of product delivered.
3	Normal Dominos food, not great, not horrible, better than Pizza Hut.  I did get a little irritated about the facility calling me after placing an order for 7 pizzas.  They didn't call to verify the order, what they called for is to tell me that how I should have called them to give them a heads up about the large order.  I agree, however, when I order online, I am not sure what location is going to handle the order until the order has already been placed.  If it's that big of an issue, Dominos needs to flag you directly on their website to do that.
1	What a joke this place was. Dominoes has decent pizza but the staff here tonight sucked bad. First couldn't make a pizza that had one slice with only cheese for my kid. Then when I got there to pay I couldn't pay with a $50 bill. Then the guy says well "you can run next door to get change". Hahaa what service. I know it's only dominoes but how about this is US currency and you should run next door since you don't have change.
3	Been here a few times, it's not bad. Decent delivery.Certain menu items they should drop, but it's not the fault of this store.
4	So far I have not had a bad experience with this Dominos location. The pizza and chicken has always been fresh and hot. I think Dominos has vastly improved their taste and ingredients over the last few years The Brooklyn style pizza is my favorite.
5	I love trying to time the app to my arrival to the store for the freshest & hot pizza. These guys are consistent and I hardly ever have to wait for my pizza.
