5	I have been to many nail salons but none were as awesome as CC's. I have never been to a place where they were willing to really find out what I was wanting and answered any and all questions I have had. This is also the 1st nail salon that I have been guaranteed the work on high end sets (pink and white with gel) within a certain period of time.I walked in today and Charlie was super helpful and he did an amazing job on my nails! I will definitely be going back on the regular. They also do waxing and threading. I can't wait to see what their pedis are like!
5	We were traveling through town and stopped in to get Manicures and Pedicures... THE BEST!!!! They all had an eye for detail. Chuck gave me the most amazing Gel Manicure. They have 175 colors for gels... Worth the stop and will be on our list of Things-To-Do when in Las Vegas!!
5	Charlie and everyone else at the shop are beyond attentive. All of their work is guaranteed, they have the best gel selection, have great specials, and give the most amazing pedicures and manicures. I've visited many nail shops in Las Vegas and Henderson but none compare to CC Nail Bar.
5	Charlie is the best!  Charlie have been doing my nails for several years now and I've followed him wherever he went.  I am happy that he now has his own salon at a convenient location.  Charlie is very friendly, knowledgeable, and passionate about what he does.  I always leave happy with beautiful nails for weeks!!  I highly recommend CC Nail Bar and Charlie!!
5	I already had a nail salon that I trusted in but it was just too far away from my house so I Yelped nail salons and this salon came up. It's down the street from my house and I figured I should give it a shot. Walked in, and I love the modern feel. Charlie was very friendly and did my nails exactly the way I prefer them. Not to mention that he does free hand designs very well! This definitely will be my go-to nail salon!
5	CC Nail Bar is by far the best! I have gone to different Salons in the area and this one far surpasses the others. Charlie in particular does beautiful work! I will be getting my nails done here from now on!
5	Loved it! Danny was awesome when doing my pedi and mani...thanks to yelp I found this awesome place!
4	I recently just moved into town and was looking for a new place to get my nails done. I was lucky enough to walk into cc nail bar and was greeted immediately! The  decor was simple but service was excellent. Charlie did an amazing job and I  have definitely found my new place to go. :)
5	I really liked this place. Its nice and clean.  I got Tina and she was aaawwwesome.  I got a french gel pedicure it cost $55.  They were all very nice and attentive to all customers.  They weren't super busy but all of the nail techs each had a client and there was a steady stream of people coming and saying they would be back. I live nowhere near this place but I will definatley be back next time for a mani!
5	I got the 3-d full set. It was perfect. It was a comfortable environment and my nails turned out great! Will definitely go back (:
2	I went to CC nail bar because of all the great reviews on Yelp, I just recently moved here from out of state and was in need of a fill and a pedicure. When I got there they had me put my name on a list and sit down I didn't see any nail polish on the wall so I just sat down luckily I had my own. Tina was the one who did my nails not the best at all I have a couple nails really short and the others longer looked horrible had to come home and fix them, the paint job was also really bad and my toes looked really bad had to do everything again at home. Will def not go back here.
5	The costumer service is awesome here. In order to get what u want, u have to open ur mouth and EXPLAIN... If you choose not to then that's your fault! At CC Nail Bar they encourage your opinion!!!! They have a guarantee! If you go home and don't like it, they recommend u come back, no questions asked! That's HUGE! LOVE TINA. Very experienced and knows what she's doing!!!! Plenty of color selection, especially gel colors!! Charlie is very accommodating also... We love you cc nail bar!!! Sunshine... Xo
5	Charlie does the BEST gel french manicure I have ever seen! He did my nails for my wedding and I have never been so happy - very natural and polished looking!
5	I came to see KAT to do my nails all the way from Orange County. There's a big buzz about her. She is so sweet and patient. I've always seen amazing work done by her and now I get the chance to try it out. She let me pick out which crystals and charms I wanted. She really took her time to do each nail perfectly to my liking. She made it to where my hair doesn't get stuck. I wasn't too sure if my picks would match but she is so creative that she turned my picks into amazing nail art! I've been getting compliments and Wow's everywhere I go!
5	Best nail salon I have been to in Vegas by far! Went to the salon after a bad experience at another "high end" nail salon in Henderson. My full set was lifting and gel polish was chipping. Tina was so helpful. She suggested we start fresh and put on a new set. She gave me the option of glitter or reg tips, which was great! I chose white glitter tips and got 4 hand painted designs. I was so impressed that I got a pedi which was great as well!!! Got hand painted designs on my toes as well. I'm from the east coast, so I a. Used to this type of simple salon with a lot of great nail artist... But let's just say that in Vegas this type of salon is hard to find. They are great and not far from home, so I will be a regular (every two weeks)!Highly recommend for those who like good hand painted , 3d or airbrush designs.
5	So a girlfriend && I were looking for a new nail place. Which we've been to every nail place in Vegas. So I decided to yelp it. Read some great reviews && saw they were rated with 5 stars. So I called && made us app. Come to find out this place IS AWESOME!! Charlie && Kat are the coolest down to earth people. Super talented && can keep a conversation going without it being awkward. With my friend living in summerlin she will make this drive just to get her nails done here. want some of the best nails in Vegas, go to CC nail bar! Xoxo cricket && kitty VegasCharlie && Kat for president !!
5	Ok GIRLZ... I have been so excited to write a review on this Nail Salon, "CC Nail Bar". So I went to see Kat 2 weeks ago, because I fell in love with the pictures on Yelp and was hoping these were real pictures of actual clients, where they really actually do the nail work there at this salon, not just post pictures that were found on line to be shown as thier's... (Know what I mean). Well guess what, it is and they do. I could not be more pleased and super excited. Very friendly salon which is a huge plus, because there have been many times where I have gone to a salon and paid quite of bit of $$$$ and get decent to bad treatment., I myself am not asking for red carpet treatment but being nice, genuine, and friendly is all I ask for. Guess what you get all that here, major plus, along with cleanliness and great salon hygiene which is super important. If you are the kind of girl that wants fun 3d nail art, the blingier the better you have to go see "KAT", if you want great nails with length, or nice short nails, gels, and overlays, you can pretty much see anyone here and get "fab" nails. I waited 2 weeks to post because I wanted to make sure that my nails would have some durability to them, I also wanted to see how others would respond to them which is how you know you got a great thing. So here I am 2 weeks later, I have bangged them around on accident, and everything is still on, I though I had for sure cracked some nails on 2 occasions and nope still smooth, ppl have given me so many compliments, and after searching for a long long super long time for a great nail salon, and nail tech I have now found one. I am supppperrrr psyched and grateful and hope you find this review helpfull. I did want to mention that it is pretty pricey $$$$ on the 3d nail work and the tips with length, so if you are on a budget make sure you have an idea of cost before you start and don't feel bad in asking ahead of time, you don't want a pricey surprise at the end. I hope you guys find this review helpful, keep on stylinn and have fun at CC Nail Bar.
5	If you are looking for great service and a ridiculous amount of gel options this place is perfect for you! I got a pedicure and a gel manicure and they both turned out great. I absolutely love glitter and gel nail polish and they have a huge selection of super glittery and gorgeous choices! Charlie did my gel manicure and was very friendly, knowledgable and did an amazon job. Definitely would recommend anyone go there and I will be going back to try out all the different glitter gels!:)
2	I went to CC Nails on 07/16/12 and unfortunately I was very disappointed. After seeing the great yelp reviews I thought this place would be fabulous but my experience was not up to par. At first the service was great. I got a pedicure from one of the only two staff members working while my friend was receiving a pedicure from the other staff member. As I was then getting acrylics applie two more women came in for service. That is when service went downhill. The woman doing my nails said I would finish up with the man working on my friends nails, which I had no problem with, so that she could start working with the other two clients . What I did have a problem with was how sloppily he applied my polish and how rushed he was to get to another client. I understand being short staffed but my service shouldn't have been effected. I got a 3D nail design in which I specifically asked for only white or silver gems but instead I received a design with pink and green gems. Also when he said I was all done, I still had nail polish and nail glue under my nails still, which frustrated me the most. I was so irritated at this point that I paid and left. I went to Sally Beauty Supply after, took off all of the gems that I paid $10 for, and just repainted my nails myself. This is not a place I will be returning anytime soon.
4	During my trip to Vegas, I made sure I came here. Based off of the reviews and photos from here on Yelp, I was so excited to get my nails done here. Something I don't even do in Seattle!When we first walked in, we were greeted right away by Tina who told us it'd be a few minutes but to sign in. This is something I appreciate! I can't even begin to tell you how many time I've went to a nail shop where I was told to "wait 5 minutes" and ended up waiting for a half hour and watching people who came after me get in for their service before me. Right away, my friend was taken back to get her mani/pedi and I was able to set down and get my full set of glitter gel nails.Tina was really nice and made a good amount of conversation during my service. As far as the actual job she did on my nails, I give her a 3.5 rating out of 5. My biggest annoyance and pet peeve when getting my nails done (which isn't often) is making sure my nails are all put on straight and that if I'm getting any sort of coloring, that no spot is missed or is colored on one side more than the other. Tina missed a few areas that aren't noticeable if someone was to look quickly, but I notice the areas which is an annoyance to me and something I wish I was able to look past, but can't!Other than that, I really liked this place and would probably go back if I was ever in Vegas and wanted cool nails. It is a bit pricey though. I wanted to add jewels and charms, but everything is an additional $5-10 more *per nail* and I already paid $60 for my nails, along with $12 for a tip. Didn't seem worth it to have some jewels put on for $20 when I can go to a drug store and glue some on myself. Tina was also really kind and offered me a drink multiple times. She gave me a coke! Whaaaat? Something other than water and tea? I like it! Haha.I received multiple compliments on my nails while in Vegas. Glitter nails seem to be popular down there, especially for the cocktail waitresses. But gee, ya don't say?! lol
3	Went for a mani/pedi with my mom and cousin. Started off great. The pedi was nicely done. Though while we were sitting in the chairs, a crew was installing cabinets right next to us. The timing was a little awkward. As I watched my mom and cousin get manis, I waited because two other customers came in and it got busy. I waited 40 mintues before I realized that I wasn't getting a mani, so I asked for one. I was immediately taken to a station and given a hurried mani. I just needed the cuticules trimmed and nails filed. I asked her to round the nails, but she kept them square. My cuticules peeled all week after. While I was getting my mani, one of the main ladies came over to me and said in front of my mom, "We didn't think you wanted a mani because I asked your mom and she said only she was getting a mani, so sorry you had to wait but you should have said something" This is what upset me. I know very well that my mom said no such thing and that I stated clearly when I arrived that I wanted both. I was upset that she lied about it in front of my mom.
5	Came in today based on all of the amazing reviews and I was NOT disappointed! Tina did my nails and she was wonderful. She was lovely to talk to and gave me the best hand massage I've had during a manicure. I absolutely love the polka dot designs she did on my ring fingers. Best of all the price was only $15.  I'll definitely be back!
5	I came in around 4:30pm and was greeted right away. A nice lady was my nail tech and she did a fantastic job on my Gel French Manicure.  Didn't get her name but I will next time!She took her time and really made sure my nails were spiffy! That made me content as all I ask for at a nail salon is someone who actually cares about giving me a great manicure. It was refreshing to experience and is a stark contrast to the rushed and indifferent nail techs I've been to before.Bonus Points:- Tools are sanitized and washed after every use (witnessed myself)- Have great quality polishes. - Nice and friendly staff that is attentive- Reasonably priced for the work they do.I will definitely be making this my go-to nail salon and I'll be sure to get my nail tech's name the next time! She is awesome!
2	Let's start with why they got more than one star, upon entering the place is clean, they offered water, and my girl (ivy) was very nice... Now onto the review:I bought a groupon for a gel manicure for $30.00 after reading all the positive reviews on yelp and also made an appointment for my man to get a pedicure at the same time (was quoted $25.00 for his...point to come).  I've had numerous gel manicures and I'm pretty familiar with the procedure, to my horror after the top coating was set Ivy grabbed acetone to wipe them, my immediate reaction was to pull out (thats what she said!) thinking she was distracted and meant to grab alcohol.  I was told that I was wrong and acetone makes them "more shine".... I'm an expert in insurance and finance, not nails, so who am I to argue????  I went back the next day, which btw is a first for me cause I hate confrontation about things like this, same way I'd never send something back to the kitchen, but honestly my nails were THAT bad.  The man that I think owns the place took one look and agreed they were cloudy and no where near my cuticle (looked like two weeks growth), he blamed the product.  I asked if maybe it could be from the acetone wipe off, his response....wait for it..."acetone makes more shiney". On a positive note they were very kind and offered to redo. By redo I mean that they filed down one layer and put a s*!t load more paint and then came the top coat...granted my nails now weighed 5lbs but they were very shiney...then out came the acetone.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!!?!!?Owners, please read: http://amazingchild.hubpages.com/hub/How-to-Do-a-Gel-ManicureAfter the acetone caused clouding the man/owner applied a generous amount of clear, supposedly higher grade top coat and had me leave with no wipe down. Two days later they look like a broken overweight mirror. Long story summarized: $30 groupon with $15 tip, $25.00 pedicure - oh wait, I forgot to mention that his pedi was now $30 cause he's a man (really? No polish and have you seen how soft men's feet typically are??) with $10.00 tip, next day another $10.00 tip cause I felt so bad for going back = $95.00 for a crap manicure and forgettable pedi.  SAVE UR MONEY - DON'T GO!
5	Love this nail salon! Tina is so amazing and extremely friendly. She always does a good job with my nails. I love the 3D nail art that Kat and Charlie do. If you live in Vegas this is hands down the best salon!
5	I stopped in for a pink and white acrylic manicure and met Tina.  My nails lasted three weeks without peeling or dulling, a first for me (I'm a bit rough on my nails).  This week I went back for my fill and Charlie took care of me.  Both folks were professional, quick and fun-- but most importantly, my nails look great.  Prices are typical and reasonable.  This is my new nail salon!
5	I beyond love this place. Always get greeted with a smile. My nails look fabulous every time. I call this my Vegas nail shop.
1	Bad experience and I am pretty sure a majority of their reviews are fake accounts. The guy was a total A-hole to me from the second I walked in the door. He kept snapping on me every time I asked a question about an $85 service I was having done for the first time with them. When I asked him to clean up my cuticles he became very upset and started to explain how time consuming the procedure already was. As if I give a Damn. It's his job. I'm paying him for a service! Needless to say, I ended up leaving. He charged me $10 to file my nails, put tips on and basically f**k up my nails. I will be returning to my old nail tech, Kitty at Modern Nails on S Jones so she can fix this stupidity.
1	Today I received the longest and worst PW manicure at CC.  Unfortunately six months ago, my best manicure was there as well.  Won't return.
1	I called in advance to make sure they had time for me.  It was probably 5 and I said I'd be there by 6.  Great, get there at 6 and they start working on my pedicure.  The pedicure was great!! No complaints.  But then, I get the pink and white fill-in...and I've had some bad ones, but this one was horrific.  I specifically asked not to have the white so thick because I hate the chunky white look.  The tech simply dismissed my request and said that it's "better" because next time I come in she just does the pink fill in and that it would save me money.  I don't give a flip about the money.  I'm very particular about my nails and THAT'S WHAT I WANTED.  I was annoyed but said whatever, they were closing soon.  I could tell she was rushing and the it was evident in the aftermath.  My nails looked like total (*#PU(*@#&$P*(# garbage.  There was acrylic all over my cuticles, bubbles in the gel.  Just a hot mess.  I will never go back here again. EVER.  If there were negative stars, trust me.  They'd be in the negative.
5	They are amazing! Fast and creative.. by far the best service I've gotten since moving to Vegas in 2004.
5	This was my first time going to this nail spa. They did an excellent job on my feet. They charge $25 for pedicure, but its worth it because it includes a foot scrub and much more.
5	Amazing service and hospitality. In town from L.A. and decided to have a spa day with my fiance. We were greeted and serviced by Kim & Mia and they're so nice and courteous. We arrived at noon but they had a 12p that arrived late so they offered us water bottles and advised they'll be able to help us in a few minutes. Wasn't a hassle at all because of the free WiFi and amazing spa massage chairs.Due to the short wait they offered us the $30 hot oil spa pedicures that included a massage, hot oil treatment, nail glossing and all. We all had a great time discussing business and their remodeling plans and from the spoilers they gave us, I will make another trip to Vegas soon to see it. The job Kim done on my feet was superb! I walked out the building looking and feeling like a new man lol.I highly recommend this business for all off your spa needs on the Southside. Thank me later... plus you save 10% when you check into Yelp! ;)
5	Mia and Kim are amazing. Friendly, great at doing nails, offer you water, very relaxing spa chairs with massage, very clean and it is very relaxing. When we visit Vegas we won't go anywhere else. My French tip pedicure was flawless and they were so nice and it felt like a perfect spa day. The best part was they took care of my bf, made him feel at home and very relaxed. Can't wait to go back!
5	This is by far the best nail spa in Las Vegas. I have been here in Vegas for 3 yrs now, and it took me at least 2 yrs to find someone to do my nails good. Peter is my nail technician now and he truly is awesome. I can go 3 weeks before I get a fill and they still look good. Love u guys at CC Nail Spa..... Always so nice. :)Oh and by the way, I had just walked in when Jennel was having her issue with her "$100" gift card. I felt sorry for the manager trying to deal with her. She wasn't making any since and they were really trying to fix the situation even after all her attitude. Props to them. And they honored what she claimed. I say that is good customer service :)
5	Very good experience here! Amazing customer service and friendly staff, also a very big selection of colors (which is something I like). This place is a lot of fun and offers really cool designs unlike a lot of nail places. Would recommend this to my friends.
5	Came in and got a gel mani and it was amazing! The color and design was exactly what I asked for and I love it! Everyone in the shop was so polite, and they have a great happy hour! I'll definitely be back!
5	Had a great experience! Staff was warm and friendly. Everything was clean. Very gentle throughout entire pedicure. Loved the hot oil treatment! Definitely will be back.
3	My first and only trip to this place was about 2 months ago, but I am just getting around to making a review. I was in the mood for some flashy nails which I can't really get at my normal nail salon, so I figured I'd give this place a shot...1) The staff was nice2) It is a bit pricey..but hey, it's Vegas.3) My nails looked good, BUT I gave the technician a photo before he began and my finished nails looked NOTHING like what I asked for...which is why they didn't get a higher rating from me.  I'm all for second chances, and would possibly try them again when in the mood for some dramatic nail art... other than that I may stick with my usual.
5	My first time at this nail spa & I already love it~! I've been to many others before, but not as good as this place. My sister referred me to come here, since it's nearby the salon she works, she been here many times before. I can see why, this place it great, I'm soo in-love with my nails~!! Just in time for my birthday; I am a very happy customer^^
5	Kim did an amazing job with my pedicure! She was super friendly and took her time which is rare to come across at any other nail spa. Defiantly will be going back!!!!
4	Great experience! I went last Saturday for a pedicure with a friend of mine. They told us to pick out our color right away. Good 1st sign, I hate it when a salon tells you 5 minutes & the next thing you know, you've been there for 30! I did get a little nervous bc as we were walking back to the polish station, I didn't see the pedi chairs.. I had flashbacks to the days of bucket pedis..yuck! lol In the front part of the salon though, I did however happen to notice some very comfy looking chairs for when you get a mani or any type of fill, will have to do that next time.. *Take note other nail salons, not everyone likes to sit in those uncomfortable desk chairs!They took us to a room in the back where there were about 8-10 very nice pedicure chairs. We were seated together & then handed a menu to pick out the type of pedi we wanted. We both decided on the hot oil pedi ($30 + 10% off thanks to the yelp check-in offer!) The rest of the time was spent catching up with my friend & enjoying our well deserved, & in my case, overdue pedicures!I took off 1 star bc of the lack of a/c. It was a pretty warm day, almost 95 & the salon had to have been about 80-85.. Much too warm for my comfort or prob most anyone's when your feet are soaking in hot water. I mentioned it once but I don't think they ever turned it on. I'll def go back but I hope the a/c will be in use next time! :)
5	This place is really lovely and they're open till 7pm. It is quiet and calm. The people that work here are so nice and friendly. They gave us some free water and adjusted the temperature to our liking. It is very clean and they have a TON gel polish to choose from ( a lot of glitter too!). They did my mom's in a very timely manner. Plus they give you 10% off if you check in on Yelp. The price is definitely worth it. Kim did such a great job on my mom's nails. WILL BE BACK.
5	Very nice friendly and CLEan!!! The most important thing for me is being treated well and knowing that the tools are sanitized. Very nice decor easy to find did a great job.Glad I found it.
5	Kim did my nails awesome job there so nice when you walk in attention never before given at other nail salons. She was gentle and social ill deff be recommending her and this salon it was worth the 40 min drive from Aliante. Thankyou Kim
5	Thank you Kim my nails look gorgeous! Got a french with one 3D nail with glitter and it looks so pretty.
5	Very Friendly Staff, Very Clean, convenient location ... It's all the attention to details they provide that's impressive! This my spot for the gel manicure!
5	I went for my first time today and had a lovely experience.  I had found a picture of what I wanted on Pinterest..Peter was awesome and super helpful.  He really paid attention to the small details and did an amazing job!  The prices are quite decent as well compared to many other places I have visited.  My nails are absolutely beautiful and I will definitely be a returning customer :)
3	Clean and friendly. However, when asked if they had time that day to add a manicure in they said no (this was at 3:30 in the afternoon). Then someone walked in asking for one and they said it would be a 5 minute wait. The pedicure was great but I'm debating going back...
5	This place is clean and staff is very friendly. I recommend calling and making an appointment first especially on the weekends because they get so busy! They do such an awesome job
5	This nail salon is clean, uncluttered, and surprisingly large. Service was great. They are very friendly and kind people. I came in at around 6:15, had to wait a bit due to short staff, but they still took care of my full set and pedicure even though they close at 7pm. Most nail salons would send you the other way. It is a bit pricey totally worth it. They definitely don't half ass their service, which is something I'm getting very sick of here in vegas. Overall, a great salon with wonderful service and awesome artists.
5	I love this place!
5	This is my nail spot! I love Peter he does a amazing job and I definitely recommend this place. It's also a very friendly environment. :)"
5	Really Clean and Neat.
5	Super friendly staff! They take their time with every client  and I don't ever feel jipped with their pedicure massage!
5	Great experience! The staff is so friendly, and talented. Walked in and was seated right away. The place is immaculate and has a nice contemporary feel, but is casual and relaxing. Their spa chairs are awesome.Mia helped me, she did an incredible job. Great attention to detail, friendly, and everything felt incredible. She does incredible, tasteful and intricate nail designs, she is truly talented. Paul was also great, so helpful and so funny!My mom had Yang helping her. What a great guy. She looked and felt like a million bucks by the time we left. I cannot say enough good things about this nail salon, can't wait to go back for my next pamper session.
5	So I was due for a mani and a pedi and i got this new job that my requires my nails to show alot anyway i found that they were pretty close to me so i made an appointment. i happened to be 10 min late which is my fault but they were still nice about it. ok first off this salon has free wifi which is a plus AND happy hour discount which i took advantage of. i never had claw nails done and let me tell you i fell in love!!! Kim took well care of me i recommend her! this salon also uses fresh new tools and its very clean  i am definitely coming back! thanks cc nails! :)
5	This is the best customer service I've ever had at a nail salon. They are very friendly and do a wonderful job.
5	I had just moved here from Hawaii and my main worries were where am I going to get my hair done? being that I am a cosmetologist, and where am I going to get my nails done?my mom and I were bored on tuesday and being the OCD lady that she is she ripped off all of her nails and demanded that we get our nails done that day.  We had attempted to go to another nail salon before this one but they were CLOSED!? heh?! on a tuesday?  So i said "Screw it!" I then looked up  other nail salons in my area and this one was second so I said "Oh Hell WHY NOT?" we were greeted with a friendly "Hello! how may we help you?" I replied to full sets then we sat and waited for the next available stylist.  About 10 minutes later a stylist came up to us thanked us for waiting then proceeded to tell us "I could take one of you now." ok so mom went and I was seen not but 5 minutes after. I had Peter the Manager and he was AMAZEBALLS!!!! I asked him if I could try a new look and get stiletto nails he did a great job.  Then he had asked "Gel or Acrylic?" i said gel and he explained to me what needed to be done so I had received an acrylic base with 4 coats of Gel topping.. I LOVE IT!!!  he was so nice and talked with my mom and I about so many things.  The salon was clean and nice and really big! we proceeded to check out and was told about their happy hour. HAPPY HOUR? Heck Yah ANY SERVICES BEFORE 1 ARE 20% OFF.  MOM AND I BOTH GOT FULL SETS WITH GEL AND OUR BILL WAS $60.I highly recommend them and btw You get a free bottle of wine on your birthday.  I'm getting mine tomorrow.AWESOME PLACE!!!
5	I was so happy to find this place !  When I came to Vegas a couple months ago I was panicking that I would never find a place to do my nails as well as my nail salon in buffalo. After I few mediocre jobs at various nail salons in the area I finally tried CC nails and will never go anywhere else ! Keep up the great work
5	Moved here from Chicago and finally found my nail spa!!! Had the no chip gel manicured and I'm on day 15...... Love it!
4	Place was very pleasant and clean. Enjoyed the service. Would highly recommend. Little on the pricy side but you pay for what you get :)
5	I had been looking for a new nail spa for a very long time and now that I've found CC Nail Spa I don't have to look any further! It's in a great location in a strip mall on Eastern with many great places to eat before or after you get your nails done.The inside is very chic and looks much more upscale than your average nail salon with cute decor and very comfortable chairs. Speaking of comfortable... their massage chairs. Oh. My. God. They are literally the best massage chairs my body has been fortunate enough to sit in.All of their nail technicians have years of experience and are some of the friendliest people I've ever met! I've had gel manicures and pedicures done by both Mia and Peter and they have given me exactly what I wanted with such attention to quality and detail every time!They also always have great promotions here on Yelp that help out the pocketbook even though their prices are already quite reasonable.Love love love this place!
5	So the last two times I've been here (the only two times) they've been pretty under staffed? But i love that they turn people away rather than try to rush the service they are giving their current customer. They did it the first time i was there and did it again this time, which i love! I'm just sad that i only found this place a month ago and am moving in a week! Free bottle of wine for your bday tho? Did i really see someone post that?? I was there today for my bday!! Rude! Minus one star! Lol. Jk i was in a rush anyway but I'm going back Friday! I better get a bottle then! Imma ask :)
5	Chic, spacious salon with friendly, talented technicians, a wide selection of Orly and OPI polishes, and 10% off with Yelp check-in...amazing! They also have a "happy hour" Monday-Thursday from 9:30-1, during which all services are 20% off. Their base price for mani-pedis is slightly higher than at other nail salons, but it equals out with all of the discounts they offer, and any remaining difference is worth it for a bit more of a high-end experience. I was impressed enough to leave my first review, and I will be back!
1	I usually receive better service. (Not customer service) Although, I stopped in today & boy the manager (guy nail tech) must have been heated! I waited close to 30 minutes for him to return to the store, when he got there, my few questions about price led him to making rude comments, which disrespected me deeply. As my multiple attempts to calm the situation failed, I then exited after the entire store heard his dramatic voice performance. Sadly to say, I will not be going back. Extremely overpriced. Not cool to hear someone brag, every single visit. When really... If you turn customers away because you have lack of "time".. You should extend your hours. Lets be honest, it's the lack of experience, and lack of hands. White tips for 30? I went and got gel, two colored on every finger, acrylics for 35 elsewhere. Do not recommend.
4	Came here to a get a full set of acrylics and I'm very pleased! It was a great experience and will most likely come back for my fills. The technician was nice, friendly and just the right amount of conversation. I'm not too familiar with acrylic services but I do wish there was a little more of the manicure service into my acrylic service. He did my nails and that's it. I do wish there was some lotion or some hand massage to go along with it-- my only complaint.
5	Kim is so cute and nice! She's the best. Will ask for her the next time i go here again! Funny people.
5	I love this place! I get a gel manicure and pedi and they both last almost 4 weeks. my friend also goes with me every time and gets a fill and pedi and she always loves them. we go to Peter and Kim. I saw another review say short staffed and turned away clients which they did the last time I was there. I love that so they don't rush and they don't turn them away they let them know when they will be finished so they don't waste anyone's time! will recommend to all my friends and family:)
3	First and foremost - CLEAN CLEAN CLEAN!!!  I definitely recommend this place.  If you like to get your cuticles cleaned out see Mia or Kim.  Could do without the sugar scrub - but it's included anyway.
5	Just wanted to let everyone know what a great place CC nail spa is !! I just had a gel manicure by Peter and my nails are FABULOUS!!!  Not only is he a perfectionist , he listened to everything I wanted and made them better then I imagined they could be !!!! This shop is clean and they have tons of gel polish colors , which I love !!  Awesome staff always very friendly and great prices !! Thanks you guys !! I love my nails
5	Out of town good service nice and friendly dont try to upsell everything like other places.  Good suggestions thats all. thank u will be back when on vacation again.
5	After a non satisfying experience at my usually nail salon I decided to look for and try out a new nail spa salon. I found CC Nail Spa on Yelp and went in on 9/13/13. The shop is clean and inviting. I had my oil treatment pedicure done by Vivian who did an amazing job! She even free handed a design on my big toes as per my request... loved it! I also had a gel manicure done by Kim! I loved them... she did an amazing job and they were perfect.... No gel on my nail beds or under my nails. it's 2 weeks later and I have no cracks or peeling like the last one I got. CC Spa takes their time and gives you the best job. I've never had such a through job done. I will most definitely be continuing to go to CC Nail Spa for all my nail needs. I might have just found my new nail salon!
5	Never a disappointment at this nail salon!! Love them!!  Great friendly service and always do a great job on my nails!!
4	I was looking for a new nail place after being overcharged and rushed at the last few places. Found an deal on yelp for CCNails. Vivian and Peter were awesome $65 for gel mani and reg pedi. With the discount it came to $58. Vivian did an great pedicure and peter did a great job getting creative with my manicure. I will definitely be back. Very clean and relaxing place.
5	Staff here is amazing!  Everyone is very creative and and very professional. I've always gone to Peter and he has always exceeded my expectations.  I never have to wait when I have an appointment bc he doesn't over book like most places do.
5	This has been the best nail salon I have been too so far. The staff is very nice and friendly. I always come in with an idea of what I want & it always turns out as good or even better than what I want. They have a lot of glitter gel polish & 3D options which I love. They also have 20% off during happy hour! I'll be getting my nails done there from now on.
1	I would love to give a good review however when I asked what time they closed I was  told 6. I arrived at 5:42 and they tell me that they were closed?!?! #notahappycustomer
3	Loving it!!!!!!!!!
5	Customer service here is GREAT. They treat you very well. Love how clean they keep their stations & how nothing is really kept on the tables. Comfy chairs & awesome color selection. Peter is funny & keeps you entertained while he does a great job on your nails. I usually do my own nails but I will probably be coming here more frequently   Oh & when its your birthday they will give you a bottle of wine :)
5	Clean, modern and great customer service. I showed the nail tech a picture of what I wanted and he delivered! I appreciated the time and detail work, down to the very last sparkle! I will be back.
5	Love the people here... And they do great work... Always a fun time... Never going anywhere else... Great prices and deals
5	Love this place! Kim does an amazing job on my nails. I usually get a gel manicure and they last forever (: I love that they take  their time with each customer to ensure quality work and experience. I've also heard the pedicures are great too but I have yet to get one. I definitely will soon though. I would highly recommend this place to anyone.
5	First time here and it was a great experience. They were very friendly and it's my birthday tomorrow and they gave me a bottle of wine how sweet! The place is big and very well ventilated and very clean which I really loved. And my nails turned out very nice too. Thank you Peter...:)
4	As a spa and salon service provider myself I almost forgot what it was like to have somebody else do my pedicure, for fear of your typical shop on every corner, in and out factory service but after some research I decided to relax and pamper myself and success! Found a nice clean spot close to home. I think I'll have to make it a regular thing. Now off to work to pay it forward
5	This is my new favorite nail salon! They do designs so well, I showed him a picture and he was able to replicate it. It was exactly what I wanted!
5	Best place I've been to. They take their time and do an amazing job. I will never go anywhere else!
5	First time here. Great experience. Very nice staff and able to do exactly what I wanted!
5	Love CC Nail Spa!!! I followed Peter and am do glad I did.  I go every 2-3 weeks routinely for my gel manicure with Peter. I've also had Peter and Kim do my pedicures and Kim do my eyebrows. So happy to be a client at C Nail Spa.
5	AMAZING! That's all I can say. This was my first time and I will come back for sure. The service was great! Don took his time and did exactly what I asked for. I love the way my nails turned out. The place is very clean and very quite :)
5	I recently just moved to Las Vegas, and like every other new girl in town I needed to find the right place to get my nails done! It's always hard trying to find the right place to go to and the right nail technician that won't rush your service or do a half ass job at it.I went to Yelp and looked up all the nail spas closest to me, most of them around were less than 2.5 stars or 2-3 reviews, then I saw CC Nail spa, and because I also go by CC I was like why not! They got great reviews and more than 10 people reviewed them.To my surprise I found my place and Peter is truly great.  I read all the previous reviews and Peter seems to be the guy!I didn't know at first my technicians name but I kind of new he might have been Peter.  He was very meticulous, and did a great job with my mani, he even filled my chipped nails with acrylics to make them all look even. They're perfect and now that I'm new in town I'll be here every other week!
5	It was my first time at CCNail Spa and the only thing i can say is i just enjoyed spending time there. I will definitely be back! Perfect quality and fast work! Thank you :)
5	Been very picky about Pink & Whites in this town because it is a basic nail service that people seem to mess up! After searching by websites, yelp, Instagram photos, etc. I found CC Nail Spa! Peter was very responsive to how I wanted my nails shaped since I'm not one for the wide or pointy designs for my gel pink & whites. My mother got the basic gel manicure from Don & he did a clean job. Everyone is hospitable & open to your concerns; they want to make sure you get what you want! The line work for my whites were fabulous! I am so happy they all have years experience!
5	Cc nail salon is a very friendly professional nail salon. They are more up to date with nail style then any salon I've been to. I recommend Kim, Peter or Dom. They did a wonderful job on my nails and I've been looking for this kind of customer service for a while now. They were so polite and helpful.
5	Awesome customer service and she did a beautiful job! I got black gels with sparkle. She took her time even though we showed up pretty late. I will definitely be back!
5	I just recently moved to the area and decided to try this place out since it had good reviews. I got a pedicure and it turned out great! The customer service was excellent and they took their time and did a good job. The salon was very clean and nice. I will definitely be going back again!
5	This place is great! They always ensure quality work and a great experience. Kim is the best! I always have her do my nails (acrylic w/ gel color) and they look perfect and last forever.
5	My french tip manicure on my real nails look like acrylic! Best manicure I've ever had, no joke.
5	Many years ago, I owned a Saab vehicle.  I loved my Saab but it broke down all the time and was completely unreliable. I had to take my Saab in for service and the dealership gave me a loaner car.  The rental car they gave me was a Kia.  To be more specific, they gave me a Kia with a booger on the steering wheel.  I was so aggravated, I took that Kia and I drove it straight to the Mercedes dealership and I bought a new car.That experience is much like the experience I had at CC Nail Spa today.  I took my jacked up Happy Nails (or I should say un-Happy nails) to CC Nail Spa. I read all the other Yelp reviews and made an appt. with Peter.  Shazam! Peter did me right.  I love my nails and I'm so glad I found this place!
5	I'm so in love with this place! It's my second time coming here and I don't see myself going anywhere else, anytime soon. Peter is SO amazing, I showed him a picture and he did my gel acrylics perfectly. They're so friendly, fast, and nice! And if you go before 12 they'll give you 20% off! LOVE
5	This is the third time I've been in here and the service is always great ! This is definitely my goto spot to get my nails done. The staff is friendly and they always do my nails exactly how I want them ! Best shop I've been to
5	Love Cc Nails go there when I go to mosaic salon can't wait to come back to Cc and visit!
5	Love this shop!!!!The service was everything I was looking for and more!Kim did a excellent job,and lynn as well...muahs....
5	First time in years getting my nails done and I love CC Nail Spa! Peter was so funny and kept such a great welcoming feeling the whole time. My nails came out exactly how I imaged them to be. There perfect!
5	I have been getting my nails done consistently for 8 years now and this is the best place I have gone to. Peter does an AMAZING job with acrylic and any designs. It is a little pricey but it is well worth it.
4	Great friendly service, I loved the pedicure chairs, I'm a tall, bigger lady so it was nice to have a chair to actually be comfortable in.I had never had gel nails before, so I asked for it when I walked in, I picked my polish, had a pedicure, eyebrow wax & full set. I wasn't told what polish was gel so I just used regular OPI. I realize now you're suppose to pick gel polish and will do that next time.I give 4 stars because I just noticed the length difference in my pinky nails after the technician checked for length similarities multiple times. I do like the way my nails look although since leaving the salon within the last hour I messed them up but it would have happened if I had gel in the first place which is guaranteed for 7 days
5	Very nice ladies, I came in at 7 and they helped me anyway. I'm coming back for the happy hour :)
5	Peter's great, professional and efficient.    His mani's last a long time. He takes the time to get the cuticle out of the way so the polish adheres to the nail.   My gels will last until it grows out.
5	I have been going to CC Nail Spa ever since Peter came over from another nail salon.  I am glad he made the move.  I love the location and the atmosphere.  Everyone is friendly and they keep the salon clean.  Peter is the best!  I am very picky about the shape of my nails and he always makes sure it is just how I want it.  The gel manicure lasts 2.5-3 weeks.  They have a TON of gel colors to choose from, which is fun!  The pedicure chairs are great and my feet always look and feel good after leaving CC Nail Spa.
1	The guy was late for my appointment I was very disappointed about that. They're really nice however, my nails lifted after only a week!! How terrible! Plus they wanted to charge me for removal of gel polish without saying anything before hand. I was like what? When I heard the total and he said oh it's extra to have gel removed. I said you didn't say anything, I can take it off myself. So he didn't make me pay for it. But that's sneaky. I hate that about nail salons. I would never go back here. Not quality nails.
5	It's my first time here and I absolutely love it. All the techs are friendly and very knowledgeable. They don't just look for a quick buck, they actually care about what's good for YOU! My first stiletto set by Kim and I love it. And my pedicure was amazing she did it exactly the way I like them short and perfect!! Will be coming back again for sure.
5	Moved here from the other side of town and hated the first two places I tried. Third time was a success, when I found CC Nails. Great service, very nice people, quality work.
4	Great place and nice staff, and I like my sparkly nails I definitely want to come back during happy hr! Kim did my mani and pedi.  It was awesome.
5	I absolutely love this shop....everyone is so friendly. I normally walk in due to my schedule and they always take me and if I had to wait it is usually only a few mins. They have so many colors to chose from and they always do my nails just the way I like them.
5	I absolutely love this place!!! everyone is so friendly and welcoming!! my nails always turn out perfect! Kim does an such an amazing job! She listens to what I ask her for!
5	Best nail salon in Vegas! Super friendly staff and they can do ANY design you want! Super clean and efficient! They always have new colors, furniture and it is always a relaxing time!
5	My friend and I happened to walk in one day and loved our services. She got a full set and I got a gel mani. The workers are all friendly. Tina did my nails and she is really good. I went today again and I'm planning on going back to her in the future.
5	Amazing! Went in to get something different than usual and they knew exactly what I wanted. Place is very clean and everyone is very friendly. Gettin a pedicure next time!
5	This was my first time coming here and I loved it! Peter was friendly, fast, and meticulous. My nails look great! Definitely coming back again!
5	Amazing! I finally found a new nail place on this side of town! Kim did an awesome job, gel manicure that lives up to my OCD standards. No bubbles or imperfections :-) Everyone was so friendly and I never felt rushed even though it was 830 PM when I left. I work long hours and appreciate that they took the time to do a great job even though I had to come late. Kim made sure that I was completely happy with the manicure before I left. She didn't get irritated when I didn't like the way one polish looked and changed it for me. I also noticed that the other technician was providing the same level of service for other patrons who wanted very elaborate designs.
5	New to town and on the hunt for a good nail shop. I came to yelp, so now I'm back with a report. I called ahead and went in a few hours after, so simple. Plus after reading endless reviews about this 'famous' Peter I requested him, again no problem. GPS took me right to it and it just kept getting better. I was greeted with a smile and sat right down. Place was so clean and new and the gel polish selection is never ending!Naturally I'm being skeptical, you know sizing up the place. It honestly was probably the best nail appointment I've ever had and I am a religious (picky) nail girl. He did exactly as I wanted to perfection and when someone enjoys what they're doing it shows! His name comes up a lot in these reviews for a reason.I'll also mention I've never paid $70 for a take off and full set BUT it's hard to regret when I had such a pleasant experience. I'll be back :)
5	Every time I come in and get a manicure, Peter always has some great new ideas and designs! This place never ceases to amaze me. Tons of gel colors to choose from. I love coming here not just because of the colors but also for the friendliest staff! Everyone (I mean the whole staff, Kim, Jenny and Trina)stops by and says hi while I'm on the chair getting a mani with Peter! Keep up the great work guys and thank you for the green peas!
5	Best place in town when you want to relax and have your nails done. Only place I trust to do mine :-)
5	Cc nails is the best nail place peter does the best nails ever and the crew very nice very clean and nice looking place good job cc nails spa
5	My best friend and I had such a hard time finding a nail salon that we could stick with, where the service was this good,  where the quality was spectacular and the nails really lasted.  You couldn't get us to go anywhere else now even if the service was free! Peter and Kim are amazing. It's fun to be here, and you will NOT find this kind of quality ANYWHERE ELSE! You will not be disappointed if you make this your nail salon. :) Peter does amazing nail art like I've never seen before! He and Kim are the best!
5	I love this place the best place in Henderson! Good Service and wonderful nails!!!!! Thebomb.com
5	Excellent place. Clean and they did an excellent job on my pedi. Can't wait to come back and try a gel manicure!
5	This is by far the best pedicure I have ever gotten EVER!! The salon is clean. Utensils are sterile and the staff couldn't be more friendly. I opted for the hot oil pedicure and it was worth every penny. I will Definetly be back here!
5	I've been going here for over a year now & continue to get my nails done here every time. They're always super friendly & know my friend & me by name now! I always get a full set with gel & I'm always happy with how they turn out. I usually show them a picture of what I want & it always either turns exactly how I want it or even better. The last time I came I was at 5 check ins & received a gift which was awesome! I'll always to back to Kim & Peter who usually do my nails. There's always discounts going on too & they always hook me up.
5	Thank u kim for doing an amazing job!! First time doing stiletto gel nails and I love them! I'll definitely be coming back!
5	I love CC nailspa!Kim is so detailed, and she does exactly what I like!Shes the best:)
4	Peter does great nails, as well as Kim. they will listen to you and do exactly as you ask , they are not rude when you give  them a direction on the style or design you want. Definitely try them out ladies.
5	I requested Peter after seeing nails he has done by other Yelpers and I'm so happy with them! Also he's very friendly and I like that he talks story with me, definitely will be requesting him all the time now :)
5	I had an awesome pedicure here. The staff was friendly and went out of their way to make sure I was comfortable and enjoying my experience. The facility was also very clean and sanitary , which is super important when it comes to nail salons. I will be back!!
5	Walked in, Without an appointment, and was taken in in the promised hour.  Originally came in with gel nail tips in mind, but Kim kept it honest, and suggested i keep my natural short nail and have a gel applied to it to keep it strong, and grow long on its own.  I was surprised because gel extensions were more expensive and she apparently was not going for the "higher price".... She explained that by the looks of it my nails were strong and sturdy and if i needed extensions she would gladly put it in but suggest i grow them out myself. I listened and mind you having gel mai curie for the first time is pretty worth it. went on vacation did every outdoor adventure u can think of (rockclimbing, ziplining, surfing), and my nails were chip-less.. Going on for almost 3 weeks now n the color is still in tact with no chip, just my nails have deff grown.. Will make an appointment this week with Kim. Shes awesome!
5	Great job!!! They are so nice and the work is excellent
5	Best mani pedi in Vegas! Comfortable salon with good music. Friendly staff. 1 week guarantee. Waxing available. Convenient location.
5	Love this place! Great Pedi's & lots of gel colors! My acyrlics always look great !  Also if you make an appt they can do your pedi and mani at the same time. Can't beat that!
5	Apols to Peter and Kim for the delay in my review, especially as my gel mani-pedi was and still is UNBELIEVABLE. Peter is literally a nail-art Picasso! (And yes, I mean literally -- checkout the photo ... )I found CC Nail Spa through all the other terrific reviews on Yelp, and booked Peter two days before my Vegas wedding to redo my ugly, super-lame mani-pedi which I got from a supposedly great NYC nail salon (recommended by all the beauty mags). They couldn't do what I asked for originally, they gave me a nail art technician who was very junior and wasn't authorized to do anything creative, and she and the owner really couldn't be bothered to help me come up with something else cool. I should have just left, but I thought maybe it would still turn out nice. I got boring blue glitter toes and a muddy ombre mani, paying $140 including tip for the privilege.I was seriously bummed out and staking all sorts of hopes on Peter's much-talked-about skills. Thank you, thank you, thank you to all the people who posted positive reviews. I took a $50 cab ride from my hotel on The Strip. After seeing how boring straight blue toes seemed for my something blue, and because we were having our wedding reception at Picasso at Bellagio, I showed Peter three blue Picasso paintings and asked if he could do any of them. "I'm not PIcasso," he said with a laugh."That's not what I heard," I said.We settled on a closeup of the face from Picasso's "Woman in an Armchair" for both my big toes.  He filed and soaked off my disastrous two-day-old mani pedi, and then got to work.  You could tell Peter kinda relished the challenge, and though he was focused and meticulous, he was friendly, easy-going, helpful, and made the entire process fun and stress-free.  Thirty minutes later, he says, "Take a look." I peer down and see Picasso perfection.  You can even see brushstrokes that make Peter's nail art even more like paintings. I was blown away. "Now you can tell people you really are Picasso," I said.My groom, wedding guests, family, friends, other customers at CC Nail Salon and the staff of Picasso all thought Peter's work was amazing. Before I left, I told Peter, "Great, now I have to fly to Vegas to get my nails done."  He said, "Yeah, just cut off your toes and mail them to me."  He's so fantastic, that might be a solution ... !
5	Wonderful technicians. I expressed my ideas and voila I got beautiful nails. Purple and ombre glitter. I enjoy getting different looks and this place has hit a home run.
5	Love Peter!! My nails look amazing every time. I get so many compliments. Gotta love a nail salon that doesn't talk crap about people too.
5	I been going to cc nail for a while now n I love this place!Everybody is very good but my favorite one would be jenny. She really takes time to understand what u want n she nails it!I'm so happy with cc nail!
5	I just moved from San Diego and have been searching in my area for a good nail place to go to regularly and I finally found it. This spot is cleanly, friendly, professional and really creative. They do everything from gel, custom designs to nail charms. I recommend Peter for your appointments.
5	Such a great job- afraid to go anywhere else. Peter is the best manicurist on staff. Coming here since they opened. No more happy hour which sucks - but worth the price
5	Relaxed atmosphere, awesome nail techs, and decent prices on gels! I go to Kim or Peter, and they rock but everyone is friendly here! This place changed my mind about getting gels... affordable and LOTS of colors! I've been coming here once a month for four months. I've gotten both manis and pedis and I'm never disappointed!
5	I've been coming here for about 4 months and the experience has always been nothing short of amazing. Peter and Kim are always so friendly and helpful. This is the first time in my life that I've gotten gels and now I can't live without them. Thank you guys for always being spot on!!!
5	Beautiful job on my nails, great service. I will be back. I got a french gel manicure and they still look great after 3 weeks.
5	This place is the best! Quality is always consistent and everyone is friendly and dedicated. Peter, the manager, is awesome. He is incredibly attentive and super skilled. This is the first time that I get acrylic and it doesn't look fake, rather completely natural. I break nails easily and every time I get them fixed by him they always look as they are my natural nails, none can tell the difference.The salon is always clean and fresh and they have superb massage chairs. So worth it!!!!!
5	I absolutely live this place! And PETER is amazing! Been coming to him since Oct. 2013 and never had an issue with my nails! He is very patient and will do pretty much anything you want! CC Nails and Peter are highly recommended by me! :)
5	I've been going to this place for almost 6 months now, and I've never been disappointed. Peter, the manager, is always so friendly and remembers me every time I come in. He is very talented with his nail art, I've never left disappointed!
5	This is BEST nail salon in town!! The staff is always friendly and patient. They never rush on their services, and they are more than happy to correct any flaws, which there never are. Kim, Peter and their whole staff are AMAZING!!
5	I seriously could not be anymore happier with my gel mani and pedi. The service was like no other. I waited no longer than 5 minutes. The staff was the nicest. Peter is amazing. It was about a 25 minute drive but with service like this, I do not mind the drive at all. Thank you so much. I will be back no doubt about it!
5	Love this place. They take their time and treat you like you are important no matter what you are having done. I've never had a bad experience and will keep going back again and again. Thank you Kim!!
5	Got my nails done last minute yesterday and loved the results! (Picture added) Give this place a try!! It was nice and quiet, no harsh chemical smells and very clean!
5	You have no idea how grateful I am to have found Peter at CC Nail Spa. After sub-par nails experiences at other venues, Peter is a breath of fresh (and creative) air into the nail world. He is hip to all of the current nail trends and designs - from almond shaped nails, to flairs, to your standard gel mani and acrylics - anything you dream of, he can design. I frequently take in Pinterest photos and he can duplicate them perfectly. If you're adventurous then just sit back, relax and let Peter work his magic & experiment with his designs. He won't disappoint! P.S. make sure to follow him on Twitter & Instagram @NailsByPeter.For my pedi's I always see Miss Kim. She knows how to scrub my feet just right and give me a good rub down ;) My little piggies always look pretty again after visiting her. The pedicure chairs are comfortable and spacious. The bowls are always disinfected and scrubbed after each and every customer. All of their tools are sanitized and maintained properly. You even get a nice chair massage while you are blissfully daydreaming of your perfectly, pedicured toes frolicking in the fields.The salon itself is beautiful. They have all new manicure stations, free WiFi, flat screen TV's, ultra-comfy seats at the front, and an abundance of gel colors to peruse while you wait for your nail tech. They even make their own scrubs and lotions that you can purchase and take home!Still not convinced? Check out my photos for yourself. I've never received so many compliments on my nails before...ever! One visit and you'll be hooked :) Pinky promise.
5	Got in right away on a Friday morning. They were great! Friendly, reasonable, and the place is clean and updated. Loved it!!
5	I will never go to the salon closest to my house merely for convenience reasons again. CC nail spa is really not that much further from me but I got lazy over the last few months & started going to the salon right down the street from me instead of CC which is really only about 2 miles from me. Big mistake. I always got subpar service at my local salon & was less than thrilled with the end result more often than not. My experience at CC today reminded me why it's really not that big of a deal to drive the 2 miles for top notch service & friendly people that actually care about the level of service you receive. I will never betray you again CC!
5	I first came to this salon because of how close it was to my work and I was so pleased I drive 25 minutes from my house just to go here! Peter does the best nails and he is hilarious. He can recreate anything you show him! Prices are also very reasonable every time.
5	Lee gave me the best pedicure I've ever had! And I've had a lot! Go see her you will not be disappointed. Does not rush and pays attention to detail!
4	I love Peters nails ! He always works with me and does a beautiful job, makes you feel good when you walk out !
5	I have searched far and wide all over Las Vegas to find THE PERFECT nail salon and at last I have finally found what I was looking for!! With the busy holiday weekend and my birthday I decided to give a final try somewhere new in hopes that I might actually find somewhere that really does specialize in nail art.   Thank you baby Jesus for sending me here and giving me Peter! His nail game is on point and with "Do you lye gel" written above his license I knew at least they have a sense of humor.   They seriously have everything a fork wants for a decadent spa day and a great selection of colors. They are definitely relaxed, friendly and very accommodating. Even tho I was late for my very last minute appointment I didn't wait long (which was perfect because it gave me enough time to pick out my colors) and discover they do ice cream pedicures, which btw, I'm enjoying as I write this review. If you are looking for a place with great service, personality and a manicure that's above average definitely try this place out and make an appointment with Peter!
5	Anytime someone comes to town wanting a pedi, we come here. Clean and professional, and just a nice, relaxing time for chatting with a buddy.
5	my absolute favorite nail salon. kim did my nails and she did amazing! definitely coming back. :)
5	I was visiting the area and decided to check out the place based on its reviews and I am so glad I did! I am from San Diego and have been to many nail places, I thought I had finally found my girl out there after years and years of searching but Kim proved me wrong, she is the BEST nail esthetician I have ever came a crossed and I have been getting my nails done for over 10 years.  My nails did not only look great, they lasted for over a month no chips or anything!  I should also note that I never felt rushed, usually when I get my nails done I feel like they are trying to get you in and out, Kim is all about QUALITY and not quantity, when I called to book the appointment I was thinking I'd be in for about an hour, she booked my appointment in advanced for 2 hours and yes she did spend the entire 2 hours on just me alone, it was such a treat! I also had the pleasure of sitting down with Peter, he removed my acrylics while Kim was finishing up with a client, I have never gotten my acrylics removed as easily as he did with little to no damage to my own nails, he did an exceptional job on just removing my acrylics I can only imagine how my nails would look done by him as well, Kim and Peter have made me biased even to my own girl I loved so much in San Diego! LOVE LOVE this place!
4	First time going to cc's and it was great! The guy who did my nails fixed the shape and was very quick yet they look perfect!
5	I recently moved to Lake Las Vegas and could not find a decent nail salon.  I had gone to in style nails for 4 years and thought I was getting great service. It wasn't until I came to CC Nails that I realized the service I was missing. I am a machine mechanic by trade. My hands and feet take a real beating! Peter, Tina and Kim have that midis touch. I didn't know my nails could look and feel so good. Thanks Peter for your entertainment, and your remarkable work. I am a happy customer..
5	I've been a regular check in for some time now and I just keep watching them get busier. They do great work and always cater to exactly what I'm looking for. Really friendly service at that. Would highly recommend. And Peter and Kim are the absolute best!!!
5	I have been going to CC Nail Spa since February, and I have kept them as my primary nail salon as they have great customer service and always do a great job on my nails. If you are getting a fill or want a design have Peter do your nails. If you are getting a pedicure all of the technicians do an awesome job. I always feel refreshed, and satisfied with the job done at CC Nail Spa.To give you an idea of how great I think they are, I drive across the city to go there!
5	Went to CC Nails after reading reviews on here and I was not disappointed. Peter did my pink and white fills and I love them. They are way better than the nails I got at another salon. Will be going back!
4	Nail time is thee best time lol...I've been going to CC Nails for about a year now.  I love it's location.  It's in the same plaza as BJ's and Twin Peaks; so it's great to grab a bite or a beer right after you get your nails done.   I usually come here for pedis, and I love getting them done by Kim.  She knows how to shape nails really well, and she treats my cuticles ever so gently.  They're practices look pretty clean, however, I've never really asked; but I've seen them clean the bowls and tools after every usage, which is nice.  Treatments are fairly priced. Can't wait til my next pedi!Come in on Mondays-Wednesdays before 12pm(?) for their "nail happy hour" and get 20% off your bill!
5	First time here at CC Nails Salon and they didn't disappoint! Peter is amazing and did an exceptional job with my nails. I moved here to Las Vegas a year ago and I'm happy to say that I finally found the only nail salon I'll be going to! Check them out :)
5	Peter and Kim are so talented!!! I never leave disappointed! They are my go to salon and I drive out from Galleria  area even when I need a nail fixed! Very clean and very professional.
5	1st time here, got a pedi and decided to upgrade to the hot oil ... Totally worth it :) also got a full set ... This place is nice, friendly staff and decent prices. Great costumer service ... Definitely will be coming back :)
4	"You get what you pay for" is an accurate statement here. I wasn't too happy w/ the prices(I've never heard of being charge for gel Polish 'take off' when your getting gel polish again), BUT they did do a great job
3	good work and friendly, a little pricy for the type of salon.
5	I LOVE this place! I have been getting my gels done here by peter for almost a year now. Best nail salon in Vegas! My gels stay on for weeks:) love it
1	I really wanted to try this place but when I called today to make an appointment, the man simply said very impatiently that they "were busy" at the time I requested. Then he was silent. He did not offer any other available times or say another word. By the time I was starting to ask if they had any other openings on another day, he had hung up! I was so disappointed because of the incredible reviews. I'm not saying I won't call again to try and schedule, but that kind of phone etiquette, or lack thereof rather, made me very hesitant to do so.
5	Update: exactly one month later and my nails still had not lifted. Peter does amazing work!!
5	CC nail spa is great. I have gone to Kim and Peter and both do a great job. I like to change the style and shape of my nails often and they always do a great job. They have a huge assortment of charms and sequins and fun things to add on also. They are friendly and accommodating to my crazy nail ideas. It's best to make an appointment because they are pretty busy, buy they do take walk ins.
5	Love CC nails very clean & professional. Peter is awesome on acrylics, gels , designs, Tina is superb when it comes to a pedicure. I think all the employees are equally qualified. A very quiet and relaxing atmosphere.
4	Rushed in and they were able to serve me. The nail tech was thorough. Two drawbacks, very little english is spoken, so if you don't bring a friend, you're on your own. The other concern is that they used a cheese grater to remove calluses. I'm not sure they can autoclave those(?) The place looked clean and well maintained but, a little creeped out wondering about sanitation. The folks were accommodating. Toes look good. Were I in the same situation again, I'd return with my own callus remover.
5	I just found this spot and LOVE it. Peter did my nails and they look AMAZE! Super quality for a reasonable price. I'll be back for sure!!
5	Great nail salon. Quality work and clean facility. I'm a regular and see Peter religiously every 2 weeks. He's the best!  But, all the gals do equally awesome work. The salon is busy, so make an appointment at least two weeks (especially for Peter) in advance if you can.
5	I will be coming back, they even have me a bottle of red wine for my birthday. My nails look great and it's clean environment.
5	I don't want to leave!  The best spa chairs ever and free Kangen water!  They even offered beauty water if I bring in a spray bottle to fill but unfortunately I live in LA!  Otherwise this would be my regular spot!  The staff was friendly and fun.
5	Looked for "best pedicure" in Las Vegas...and so far it appears I have found it. Even though I get a pedicure every 4-6 weeks, the massage and the callous remover are the most important components for me. The fact it didn't smell like an artificial nail salon is huge for me too! For being a first time customer there was NO pressure to have any additional services other than what I originally requested. So, I will fork out the $25 for the epoch foot treatment. Thank you for a delightfully relaxing experience.
5	Still love this place ... Always so friendly and welcoming ...love their color selection and services ...decently priced too
4	Came here to get pedicures with the little one. The staff was friendly and the deluxe pedicure felt amazing. They did an awesome job with the child mani/pedi as well, made her feel very important and pampered. If I lived any where near here I'd definitely make it my regular spot.
5	Experience was awesome. I've been to four different salons including this nail salon and I love them. Trina took her time on me and didn't rush, I even messed up my nail and they repaired my nail and didn't charge me anything. I will be back again. The salon is also clean and cute plus there's plenty of different polish colors to choose from
5	CC nail spa is great. I have gone to Kim and Peter and both do a great job. I like to change the style and shape of my nails often and they always do a great job. They have a huge assortment of charms and sequins and fun things to add on also. They are friendly and accommodating to my crazy nail ideas. It's best to make an appointment because they are pretty busy, buy they do take walk ins.
5	I had a destination wedding July 26th 2014 and I wanted gel nails. I made an appointment with Peter a week before and he did an amazing job!!! I had them done two days before the wedding and they were perfect! Best gels nails I've ever had!! Go to Peter!!
4	Thanks for sweet the mani pedi duo for my mom and I! Always coming back to get my nails done and Peter and Kim do an awesome job. I think I made my mom a believer too!
1	I went to get my nails done by Kim who seemed to do a nice stiletto nail by the pictures on yelp. She was rude from the start and acted like she didn't want to do my nails the entire time. I let her know this was my first time getting stiletto nails and that I didn't want an too much of a dramatic shape. She roughly filed my nails and literally scowled the whole time. My nail shape came out nothing like the 3 pictures or mannequin hand I showed her and she did a terrible job painting my nails. They are already messed up and I will have to go get them redone. I should have known by her rude attitude, the crusty nail polish bottles, and all the empty chairs that this was going to be a bad experience. I will never be back.
5	I came in for a full set, but changed to gel polish manicure. Kim was very sweet in taking her time since I was indecisive with colors. Overall great shop. Only I noticed they are not all shaped the same, but I didnt check til after it was done as Im 100percent positive she would have fixed it right then
1	This place is a joke. Came in with my sister and we told them exactly what we needed, she wanted a pedicure and I wanted a full set and polish change on my toes. The guy told us as soon as she was done with the polish change, he would start my full set because we had to be out by a certain time. Once my polish change is done, a new lady comes in and wants a manicure, so the guy takes her and leaves me waiting! Mind you, my sister has been soaking her feet now for the past 20 minutes. We ask them what their plan is for our nails and they tell us to just come back later. At this point we made it clear unless they did what they said they would do, we wouldn't be coming back. The lady was laughing and apologizing, and then wants $10 for my polish change. Fine. So I pull up the 10% off coupon and she asks, "you really want 10% off of 10$? That's only a dollar" of course I want to use it since I won't be back! I had $8 cash for a tip, and she rang me up at $9. So I gave her my credit card. "Oh, you don't have cash? I can't run this, has to be a certain amount haha" Then the guy says it's company policy to have a charge be at least $15, but he'll run it for me today. Bullsh*t. I should've just left without paying. Avoid this place and their awful service!
5	I have been here 4 times now and have always had an amazing experience. All the staff there do a great job. I go there to see Peter usually because he is so good a
5	I have been here 4 times now and have always had an amazing experience. All the staff there do a great job. I go there to see Peter for my gel manicures usually because he is so good at nail art. The pedicures here are amazing. They really take their time and do it right.  Definitely found my "go to" place.
2	My friends and I made appointments, but still waited about 20 minutes prior to getting our services. The technician that worked on my manicure didn't want to do the nail art I showed and asked her to do, instead, she kept telling me a simple stripe would be better. I gave in, as there was a language barrier. On my friend's gel nails, she was asking for an glitter ombre finish, but the tech couldn't get that right either. We walked out of there without what we wanted, with just a "meh" manicure
5	My first time in CC today. I loved it. Peter is amazing and he did a really good job designing a 3d nail art for me and pedi is great too..
5	Peter is awesome! It was my first time and his service was fast and did a great job! Some technicians i had before from other places dont talk to you but he makes the experience fun! Im really happy about my nailsDefinitely coming back! :D
4	They do a great job here, inexpensive, and quick. Peter is the best hands down!
5	I have been looking for a good place to get my nails done for over a year. The young girl that did my nails for 3 half years left her family salon. So since then I've tried so many salons with not a great job at every single place. And there was plenty. Well I went on yelp after a friend said this another place was good, but I see too many complaints. I looked at the Nail Salon below that one on yelp and I was thinking let me try this place out. I asked for Peter to do my nails since I seen great work on here. And I'm happy to say he does good work. I will definitely be back. Thanks Peter.
5	I came here to get my nails done and was not disappointed. This is a great place and the service is very good. I would recommend setting an appointment first though so you don't have to wait.
5	I came In here wanting an exact nail type. I also got a pedicure. Peter did an absolute perfect job on my stiletto nails. They're amazing ! I would recommend this store to all my girl friends in Vegas, since I am passing through. Next time I'm in Vegas I will return here. Thank you.
3	The staffs were very nice there but why, why, why they had to speak a different language in front of u? They were very polite & smile the whole time, but i felt so awkward because every time after they smiled at u, they gonna say something and i wouldnt understand a word. $40 for regular mani-pedi.   Excellent job.  But the color i picked from the rack was old.  It wouldnt dry completely.  I waited there like 45 mins to air dry, STILL WOULD NOT DRY COMPLETELY.  Ended up i gave up, gonna go...  my nails polish felt sticky! yuck!  Obviously the nail polish was too old, or they kept adding thinner.  Bad quality.So i need another manicure after that manicure...  sucks right?
5	I will definitely be back excellent cs and work and peter is an awesome nail tech!!!! A++++BUISSNES! !!
5	This is going to be my go to place now. I got acrylics with a gel polish and it came out beautiful. I've read other reviews on here and was crossing my fingers to get Peter and I did, sooo happy about that. I was completely comfortable with him and he did great!! I'd definitely recommend this place.
4	Manager Peter left me a message the day after the poor review I wrote.  He offered me a free mani for a renewal experience.  I'm not gonna change my last review coz it was the true.  However, I'm appreciate his attentive. Good luck...
5	This place is the best place around here! Great service and great people! I always get my nails done here and it's a great environment that smells good and clean!
5	I've been going here for a little while now and while I sit here and get my pedicure I decided its time to write a review. I absolutely love this salon.. I've lived in LV for 3 years and have the hardest time finding a place who does quality work. My gel nails and pedicures stay on FOREVER! I bartend and usually end up w/ chipped nails but I do not have that problem any longer! Great nails, service and prices.. I always recommend this place when people ask me. Make an appointment!!!
4	It was my first time going there. I just got a pedicure done. The place was very clean and very roomy. I would recommend to other people and I would go back myself.
5	My wife will be back for sure. This is the best place she's been to since we moved to Vegas 5 years ago.
5	I have been coming here for a couple of years and it's my favorite nail salon.  I get regular pedicures with Kim and she does a great job.  For special occasions I get their gel manicure and it doesn't chip for at least 2 weeks.  I recommend setting up an appointment to not have to wait and to be able to get out on time.
5	Love CC nails competent friendly staff! Clean, relaxing atmosphere. Peter does an exceptional acrylic gel nail. Kim does an awesome job on pedicures.
5	I got 3d nails for the 1st time today. Peter did a great job. He took the time to do his job and made sure I was happy with what I got. This would be my favorite nails place from now on!
5	Second time in and I enjoyed it. Kimmy is so nice and does a good job. They took me in as a walk in and got me out in a good amount of time with good work
5	Love love love it here! Always an awesome service! Got my gel mani / pedi. Awesome customer service! Very clean place as well!
5	Amazing! Peter is hilarious and Kim is adorable. Great, friendly service!!! They take their time with service and assure satisfaction. They strive to meet clients needs. Definitely would return. Vivienne did my nails and was great!
5	Great service! Got a fresh new pink and white acrylic set from Peter. Super long, thin, perfect! They are gorgeous! Clean beautiful salon. My new favorite. Will be back and definitely recommend.
5	This is my very first time getting a gel pedicure. It looks beautiful! I feel like a brand new woman! Loll ! I don't know what took me so long! The reason I'm getting them now is for a wedding I'm in. The salon has a very peaceful and tranquil atmosphere. Everyone gracious and kind. Professional! Tina did my nails and she was wonderful. Peter also helped me with my nails. Relaxing massage too. He is Funny and always smiling. I will definitely come back after the wedding!!!
5	I love this place! Every time I come peter and lee hook me up! The environment is clean and the vibe is awesome. Weekends are kind of busy so make sure you schedule am appointment ahead of time!
5	This is the first time I've been here and I must say, I will definitely be coming back here again! The place was very clean and the people here are very nice. I told them exactly what I wanted and they delivered! And the prices are not that bad either and most of all, my nails look wonderful!
5	This place is a great place to just do ur nails n leave. They don't mess around or hustle u which I appreciate.  Kim does a great job n I see her every 3 weeks. They last, don't chip, don't peel, n she's clean & fast. The best part..she's there everyday so I don't need to worry about my schedule. ..thanks
5	Amy has always been great when I come in she takes her time and always makes me happy
5	My first experience at CC Nails was AMAZING! I called last minute and they agreed to stay a little late for me. Kim and Peter were great. They removed my cuticles like I've never seen before. My sister had John who was also great. They truly care about the job they do. John was new and Kim made sure to check my sister's nail to make sure they were up to the CC Nail standards. I will not be going to any other nail salon!
5	I'm a long time customer here and I'm returning here after almost a year away from any nail work. They are still the best nail salon I have ever been!
4	John did a excellent job love the color & service. Employees are very friendly. Will be coming bck soon :)).
5	They did such a good job and listened to the exact design and shape of nail I wanted. Customer service was great.
1	I went to this nail salon upon seeing all the positive reviews on Yelp.  I was NOT happy.  The people there are RUDE.  I know many nail salons do not have the best customer service but this was one of the worse.  The woman who did my nails (I had a full set done for a wedding) insisted on what SHE thought was best and ignored what I wanted.  My nails came out fine but the entire experience pissed me off.
5	Love this place! Clean, professional staff, relaxing atmosphere. Peter is perhaps the best person I've been to for nails! He's funny, nice talk to! Total package! It's the only place I'll come to. They sterilize their implements, very important!
5	Awesome salon. Clean and professional. Great nail designs!!!  Will definitely be back!!
5	Peter is amazing!! His attention to detail will make you a client for life! He gave me exactly what I wanted! I am so impressed with the cleanliness of the salon, and the staff is so friendly! I highly recommend this salon to anyone who wants perfect nails and great customer service!
5	Love this place, professional, calming. Clean atmosphere. Everyone here are great nail techs. My preference is Kim for pedis and Peter for acrylics. I would not hesitate to go to any of them!  Aweeeeeeee!
5	My go to nail place. Kim and Peter always do a great job. Clean, very nice, and perfect every time. I would highly recommend this place to anyone! :)
3	My mom and I needed to get a last minute appointment for mani & pedi. We hopped on Yelp and saw that his place had a lot of regulars with consistently positive reviews. They were able to squeeze us in within an hour. The place is clean and spacious. The staff were friendly, and they did a good job. The only thing I wish was more communication. My mom and I picked 2 different colors for our hands and feet; however, without asking, they started painting the nails with the wrong color. We went with it anyway because we liked the color. But it would have been nice if they didn't assume, and just ask and check before.
4	Good work! They're great at copying designs from pinterest, and they're pretty quick. It's a bit more pricey than other places, but the location is convenient. I'll be back :)
5	Came here while visiting had a wonderful experience!! Best fill I've gotten in a long time there was so much variety for colors for gel!!
1	Went in for a brow wax. It was $12. Completely disappointed.  Kim did my eyebrows and before she got started I explained to her exactly how I wanted my eyebrows since this past time someone messed up. Im picky on how my brows look and like the point to match my natural curve. The last place I went to messed uo and moved the point to the center of the brow. I have bad carpel tunnel so it is difficult for me to do my brows now. Kim said she understood what I wanted and continued. When she finished I saw that she left me thick rounded brows. I dont like rounded brows. I like straight lines. I showed her through a mirror what i wanted and she just shaved it down a bit saying that she doesnt want to cut more because it wont grow back. Umm...I told her how I wanted it. She had to fix it 3 times when I had enough because at that point theres no salvaging what I wanted. I paid and left no tip. Will not return!
5	Peter did such an amazing job on my gel manicure and gel pedicure!   He was very patient with me while I was deciding on colors and details.  There are so many colors to choose from for regular nail polish The salon is very clean and all the utensils are sterilized and opened in front of you.  If you forget to bring your flip flops don't let that stop you because they have flip flops for purchase in store.  The massage chairs for pedicure are comfortable. Peter had very good attention to detail and was able to do my manicure exactly how I wanted it by showing him a picture. I have been to different salons and have had my share of not so good gel manicures/pedicures, but I am very happy to say this is a place I would happily come back to (^_^).  Perhaps bring some headphones or  something to read :).
5	Great service. Friendly staff and catered to my super picky ways. Peter and Tim where great and made me laugh the whole time.
5	I've been here multiple times and every experience is a great one. I usually get a gel manicure. The wait isn't long, usually getting my nails worked on within five minutes of arriving. Mind you, I usually go around 10am - 10:30am so wait times might be different depending on what time of day you visit.All in all, I love it here, will be coming back as I haven't had a bad experience.
5	I keep coming to this place because it has the best service, best nail technicians, and a great variety of beautiful colors. It is very affordable and every time I come, I leave extremely satisfied. My manicures and pedicures always last for over a week. They also sterilize all of their utensils which I think is extremely important.
5	The sweetest staff who are completely professional and really take the time to make your nails perfect.  Shout out to Peter you are amazing!!
5	Incredible service and attention to detail. Each person in our group of 4 was thrilled with their manicures. Peter and his crew are perfectionists and artists, and are committed to what they do. It was my twin sisters' birthdays, and they both received a complimentary bottle of wine! We're not from Vegas, but this will be a part of our itinerary every trip!
5	Kim, Tony & Lee were splendid!We came here after having to be turned away at LV nails down the street because they were too full for the night.We both had mani/pedi's and all three of our tech's were thorough & pleasant! Our only complaint in the atmosphere - feels more like a doctor office rather than a spa. As we were sharing our personal story with the staff, we got to joking about who knew better, men or women. If you get the chance (& you aren't easily offended), ask Tony why he thinks men are always right ;) I loved his response - it was hilarious :)))
5	This is my favorite nail salon. The store is kept really clean, and it doesn't smell like acrylic/chemicals like most salons. They have a wide variety of colors available in gel, and regular polish. They also take customers all the way up until closing time, while other places will ask you to come back another time. You can rely on them to do an excellent job!
5	I've been on the look for a salon that I like, I checked the reviews for this one and they were all great, so I decided to go in today for a simple gel polish. I went in with out an appointment and was attended in about 10 minutes, Kim did my nails and she did a great job, she was very nice and made sure my nails looked great, seemed like she actually cared about what they looked like! Places I've gone to before do it too quick and end up looking sloppy. She even said that if during the first week they chip or get messed up to go back and they'd fix it (never had anyone offer that.) I loved this place and I will definitely go back. Btw: I paid 25$ for the gel polish.
5	Every time I come into the salon I have an image in my mind of what I want my nails to look like and no matter who works on them, the results always exceeds my expectations!
5	I got a gel mani with Peter and he was professional, gentle, and a pleasure the whole time!! Everyone is friendly and the store is so clean. They also properly sterilize all their products used! First time a success and def not the last:) highly recommended!!
5	First time here and Peter did my nails PERRFECTTTT! I never really get acrylics because I'm so picky, but after seeing all the good reviews here at CCs I decided to make an appointment & I am never going anywhere else! LALALAAAVE MY NAILS and my awesome experience here with Peter.
5	Glitter, gels, sparkles, crystals, 3-D art, I want it all! That is what they can offer you here and more.They are located in the same complex that houses some great eats and are on the same side that Kabob Grill, Hot & Juicy Crawfish, and East Ocean Dim Sum sit.I believe that it was Tony who did my nails the first time that I visited and another gentleman did them the second time, but I did not catch his name. Both times, my gels have lasted more than 3 weeks. This is kind of a big deal for me when my gels usually do not last more than a week and are peeling off by then. Damn my oily cuticles, but that is not a problem here due to their quality products and work.They have a wide selection of gel nail polishes here including Gelish, OPI, and Shellac. There plenty of nails stations and pedicure chairs and they utilize clean tools.Definitely make an appointment if you can, but they are open to walk-ins.
5	Love this place comfortable, relaxing, very clean. The staff are friendly and very competent. Peter is the bomb on acrylics, nail designs, fun to talk to. The only salon I will come to and recommend. Excellent pedicures by Tina, all the gals are equally competent.
