5	OMG! Just moved to the neighborhood a week or so ago and had a craving for fish tacos. I knew this place was up the street so I stopped in on my way home from work.The Fish Taco plate was reasonably priced at $6.19. The little waitress at the drive-thru window was a doll. Asking if I wanted hot sauce I responded that I  wanted the hotest they had.  She gave me both the red and the green telling me that heat was relative and to try both. Fair enough.When I got home and opened the to-go container I was greeted to 2 HUGE tacos and a generous portion if refried beans and rice. I tried the beans first, cause in my book it you can't get the refried beans right the rest if the meal with most likely suck.Lemme tell you...these were the most flavorful refried beans I've ever had! Anywhere. Including my own.This was going to be a great meal!!The fish tacos were made of cod fried in a light batter with pico de gallo, shredded cabbage, and a spicy cream sauce. Heaven! The best I've had since Denver!The meal was so good I finished the entire container, and that never happens.Try this little Mexican place, I can only imagine everything on the menu us this good. And trust me, I will be trying everything!
5	this is a very good mexican restraunt it is fast food but it is so good the people are friendly and the owner freedie is a nice man after we were done eating i called them to tell them how wonderful thr food was and he was ver appreciated for the compliment it tasted like food from L.A. YUMM OTHER PLACES HERE IN KINGMAN ARE NOT GOOD HUMBERTOS IS GOOD BUT FEDRICOS WAS BETTER PRICED love u guys will past the word
2	Hi.  I'm talking about the one on Peoria and 43rd ave. The food was great....service not so much.Everyone was extremely rude....Customers were served on servers timely manor if they were Hispanic (of which I am not)....Very poor service.  Will not be eating here again.
5	Great food and prices. Far better pricing and speed than down the street at La Familia which is basically now a loud obnoxious bar, with Mexican food on the side sadly.Federico's has a lot of daily specials. Check their website for coupons, specials, menus, prices.  Monday AND Tuesday is 99 Cent Tacos (reg. $2.09+) and $1.99 burritos (reg. $3).  they have a nice little salsa bar, but also have red radishes sliced  up, jalepenos, onions/jalepenos julienned.  And they don't ration your salsa or charge extra for to go salsa like La Familia does.I often find that going inside is quicker than the drive through.  Not sure why. I think everything is made to order, so if someone gets something unusual in the drive thru, it holds up the line.I wish this was close to my work, I'd go there a lot more. Great combo specials, and very good prices. I like the atmosphere inside, TV in there.
1	Disappointed, was really craving a mexican burrito. I ordered a Pollo Asado burrito and what I got was still raw. The chicken was still pink in the middle! I really don't plan on returning ever.
5	Tried this place on a whim. Drive-thru is what caught my eye! Not very busy... but this is a gem in hiding! I tried the 4 mini tacos for under $4.50 and they were soooo yummy!!! They are a new business but I'm sure once it catches on it's gonna be busy all the time!
3	Open 24!It's in the hood, no doubt...The pollo Asado plate is as good as can be!The plate was piled so high with chicken...I'll be back.
4	I've been to Frederico's twice now (both in Buckeye, AZ). The first time I made a major mistake and ordered three tacos and some chips and beans. This was WAAAAY to much food although the cost was less than $10. The meal was excellent, tasty, hot, and filling. I didn't eat it all but not because it wasn't good ... there was just too much.  My second time at Frederico's I ordered the #1 (tostado, taco, beans, and rice plate).  Very good food with fast service (to go). Although it is considered "fast food" it was the same as you would find in a good Mexican sit down restaurant.
2	The food is ok. Average so a 3 however the attitude is a 1. We ordered the Chicken quesadilla and was charged 1$ more than posted. She said she couldn't do anything and didn't credit the difference. Based on that they get a 2.
3	Good food for value.
