5	I love great Italian hole in the wall restaurants!! They always make the most authentic cuisine!! The Pasta Shop is awesome!! What this place lacks in size the food makes up for it big time!! All the apps are amazing...the tiger shrimp app is my fav.!! All the pastas are great...the linguine and clams is too die for but if you need to try one dish it is the "Portofino"( fresh shellfish over linguine tossed in a spicy diablo sauce!!) goes great with a bottle of Antinori Sangiovese!!
3	I ordered to go since I wasn't feeling well to eat out.  I found the food to be just ok.  I ordered Eggplant Parmigiana and Linguini with Meatballs.  Both  lacked in flavor and presentation.  The taste was bland and I wouldn't order to go with them any more.Good things:  - Phone service was great.  He was attentive and seemed very interested in my phone call.- Food server who helped me with my order was also very friendly and kind.- The only reason why I would go back is because service was awesome.Maybe the cook just wasn't happy that night.
3	I really enjoy this restaurant.  It's off the strip a bit, but a good change of pace from the Las Vegas glitz.  Down home restaurant with great food.
3	I don't know. For the price I expected better.I mean Nora's wine bar is way nicer, food is way better and it's cheaper.just not that amazing. well, maybe the chef's tongue was off that night but, I don't feel like spending another $50 on dinner to find out.
4	Delicious, fresh pasta. I've been told this place sells their pasta to some of the major casino properties which is why it's main point of business isn't expanding the size of the restuarant.Not particularly "romantic," but the food is great and affordable.  I'd go again.
4	Any respectable Italian restaurant makes their own pasta and The Pasta Shop is no exception. When the pasta is fresh, it is meant to be the focus of the dish and the linguine with clams that I ordered was a great way to really enjoy the pasta: linguine with a simple and delicious butter and clam juice sauce. It came with plenty of clams and had the perfect amount of crushed red pepper flakes to give it some spice. My only complaint with the dish was that the clams could have used a little more rinsing. The basic Caesar salad that came with dinner was lacking. The two croutons on the plate were unpleasant in taste and texture and the lettuce was not picked through thoroughly. The little pieces of garlic bread were tasty. It is a little more expensive than your average Italian restaurant, but I consider it a premium for freshly made pasta. Not too many places make their own pasta anymore and The Pasta Shop does make some of the best.
3	So...we read quite a few very good reviews on this restaurant.  It being my birthday, we thought we'd give it a try.  Sorry, very unimpressed with this. Maybe an off day for the chef? I know they are in the process of moving into a new location...So, first off, our water had a very strange odor.  Smelled like stale freezer.  Food arrived fairly quickly.  Service was decent.I had the eggplant parmesan, was sooo gooey.  There was about an inch of cheese covering the eggplant, I wasn't sure it was really in there. Hubby had the saffron shrimp saute with squid ink pasta.  The shrimp was really dry and the pasta lacked a bit of flavor.  Pretty pricey, will not be returning.
4	i love the fact that the owner/manager is the host/server. The prices are reasonable and the ambience is perfect for a date. The art on the wall varies from the hipster chic to the mundane and the eclectic.I highly recommend you eat here. I had the portofino and it was tasty and completely devoured. I know the restaurant just moved. But if the food is as good, and the ambiance as eclectic you'll do fine eating here.
4	First night at the new location and the food was amazing.  I had the italian sausage and linguine.  The pasta was not over cooked and the service was excellent.  The owner introduced himself to us early in the evening and never forgot our names the entire evening.  After ordering, our salads came out and our meals did not tough the table until we were done with the salads.  Excellent timing in firing the food to table.The ambiance was that of a small bistro, very comfy.  I wasn't very impressed with the art hanging from the ceiling that was for sell but if that being the only complaint no reason not to come and enjoy this little jewl of  Vegas.
4	I have heard about this place ever since it was on E. Tropicana. Always wanted to try but never did since the E. Tropicana location was not where I usually hang out. When it opened a location on Horizon Ridge, I knew I must try it since I am running out of excuse to not! I came here with my brother on a Thursday night. From the outside, you wouldn't know this place was packed. Once we were inside, you get this artsy, I-know-the-food-must-be-good-here kind of feeling. We were seated right away even though there were only three people running the place. The guy who sat us was very nice and seemed happy to be doing what he was doing. We placed our drink orders not long after. The menu was not crazy extensive (like Cheesecake Factory), which I personally prefer. I ordered the clams and linguine in a rose sauce, and the brother ordered the chicken alfredo. I really like my linguine more than another local Italian restaurant that is just around the corner on Eastern, but the sauce was a little bit too salty. The chef must have forgotten that the clams have salt from the ocean. Anyways, pasta-wise, it was good. I had a bite of the chicken alfredo, and I loved it! The sauce was lighter than any alfredos I have ever tasted. The pasta was absolutely fresh fresh fresh! I was kind of disappointed that I didn't order the chicken alfredo. My brother finished the whole plate. They also served us a caesar salad and warm cheesy bread. The salad - I can do without, but the bread was absolutely delicious! I would have gotten more if I hadn't ordered a pasta. Definitely give this place a try if you are looking for a plate of fresh homemade pasta. Enjoy!
3	The owners say they are doing very well since moving to their new location on Horizon Ridge Parkway in Henderson. On a recent Saturday night they were slammed with diners and all seemed to be truly enjoying themselves. At our table the food was hit and miss, the restaurant ran out of the dinner special, and the substitution (their recommendation) turned out to be more 'Asian-fusion' than Italian, and was just okay.It's a quaint and friendly atmosphere, and they appear to be trying very hard to please.. so we'll give them another try and see what happens.
5	This place is great. My favorite dish, so far, is Spinach Linguini Oil & Garlic add Shrimp. The deserts are delicious too.They sell fresh, great tasting pasta to take home and boil for roughly the same price grocery stores sell Buitoni packaged pasta.I like the concept of selling the artwork on the walls. If they sell enough art, I'll have new pieces to look at each time I eat there.
3	My boss recommended this restaurant so we gave it a try last night. We live a few minutes away so we can drive or walk to the location. I would recommend reservations or a fair amount of patience as this is a small place. There is artwork to look at while waiting but there is really no where to stand without feeling like you are in the way.  The kitchen must put a fair amount of heat into the dining area as it seemed hot. We had the live forever salad, chicken marsala and eggplant parmesan...cannoli and spumoni pie for dessert. We probably didn't need the salad appetizer since the dinners come with Caesar salad. I found the Chicken Marsala to be an interesting interpretation of a classic dish and the Eggplant Parmesan was okay. I imagine we will eat here again based upon food but ambiance is what it is.
3	My friend and I met at The Pasta Shop for lunch, both of us trying it for the first time. The food was good but the prices were way too high for a lunch off the strip. I may give it another chance, but I'll try dinner instead.
4	Hidden away in Anthem, it takes some time to get there from the city but it's worth it. The owners wife is an artist and sells her funky-metallic pieces here too. That may sound weird but it adds a nice ambiance to the place. Seating is a little limited but I like that.Now for the food...the food, Uh-Mazing! I had the salmon linguine and it was perfect. Annnd, I cannot confirm this is true, but I heard that the Pasta Shop makes pasta for most of the Italian restaurants on the strip, I would believe it. This was some of the best pasta I have had in years.The chef came to the table afterwards to ask about the meal, which I always love. For the price this place is worth it a million times!!
5	The food and service were perfection. My son loved the food so much he had a tear in his eye when it was gone. We started with the mussels steamed to perfection. The cold artichoke plate looked like a work of art,yet tasted better. The rigatoni was pristine. My wife had salmon in homemade gluten free pasta. It was tasty and rich. The chicken davida was a must have. Finally the lobster Mac and cheese was exquisite. Wine prices good. All and all a great local restaurant.
3	It's always nice to have a non-chain restaurant option in the neighborhood, and I was excited to try this one.We ordered the caprese and the grilled artichoke appetizers. Loved, loved, loved the grilled artichoke with shaved cheese and oil and vinegar. I'd go back just for that. The cheesy bread was very good, sliced into thin pieces, the serving sizes were good considering we weren't there for the bread.Hubby's entree was the Live Forever salad, which he liked very much. He did not even save me a bite. I ordered the Linguini and clams with the red sauce. The fresh pasta was wonderful and the sauce was great, too, but it was very salty. I ate it all up anyway, being a salt fiend, but I can see how it might be inedible to others.I'm not a big fan of the art that was for sale, I thought it kind of detracted from the experience. It was all hard and metally and abstracty and crowded on the walls.Overall, I'd go back for the food an to try more of the delicious fresh pasta. But the hubby thought it was way too expensive. Guess I'll go with the girls.
4	Our first visit to the Pasta Shop and it was great. We had the Greek Pizza, Rigatoni Primavera, Chicken Davida, Papradell Alfredo with chicken, Spumoni, and Cannoli. A little pricey but great food and nice ambiance. We will be back!
4	3.5. The salads were great. The eggplant was tasty, not the best ever but it was tasty. The pasta hubby got was ok, the sauce was not what he was expecting I think he said it was to thin. The service was FANTASTIC. Really good service. I want to go back just because the experience was so positive.
5	Read a review in Las Vegas Weekly so we tried it.  And loved it.  The ravoli is very good.  The Tirimus (sp?) was excellent.  By far the best i've had outside of Little italy (NYC)....  The owner Glen came up to our table to see if we enjoyed our meal, that means alot that he actually cares!  I recomend to anyone....  Will bring my mom and dad in when they visit in July.....
5	This place is such a gem of a hole in the wall. It was the first time we have eaten there and it was wonderful. The service, the music/ambiance, food quality, food portions, selections, and price were all excellent! We ordered the chicken davida as well as the special calamari steak with bow tie pasta. We both loved the crisp Caesar salads and cheesy garlicy bread before our meal. Our dishes had fresh veggies, fresh pasta,  juicy chicken and tender soft calamari. This place is right down the street from us and we can't wait for our next visit! Great eat everyone! :)
4	The food and service is amazing. You can taste that the pasta is home made. The only thing is, I have been there many times and the specials are always the same. Cold artichoke,mussels,salmon with lobster pasta and some pasta shaped like pig tails. As,you can see I can almost repeat it. Wish they would change it up. But thats my only complaint.
4	Pasta with mussels outstanding.  Original artwork made by the owner's wife fantastick!!!!  Service par excellence.  Tiramisu like cardboard - could not even finish it.
3	I really want to go to four stars, but I just can't. I guess it's another 3.5 for me.First, really love the atmosphere. A little like the dearly departed Jazzed (moment of silence for one of all-time Vegas favorites.) Friendly, timely service, which you'd expect from one of the owners. Went with a suggestion of mussels ($13) to start and they were awesome. Star of the night - big but not gamey.The salad course was unremarkable, but good enough. The bread, though, was strong and perfect to clean up the tomato/mussel broth.We went with an entree (chicken davida, $18) and a big app (half Bianco pizza, $11) for the main course. Go figure: the pizza blew away the entree, which proved heavy and underseasoned. It was fine, just not something I'd race back to have again. The pizza was strong, using tarragon and cashews to create something different and tasty. I'd order it again in a heartbeat.My wife had a house red ($7) - table wine at best, sweet grape juice at worst. So I pull a half-star for the semi-miss on the entree and a full one for price. Before tip, we checked in at $55 for what amounted to a glass of wine, two apps and an entree. Quality food, yes, but that's a little rich for my blood for what we ate.
5	I started my dinner with the grilled artichoke appetizer. It was simply amazing because it was served with shaved cheese and oil and vinegar which was to die for. For my main course I ordered spinach linguine that also turned out to be great. The thing which I enjoyed the most was when the owner Glen greeted me at the door. I highly recommend this place.
4	A few months ago we tried the Pasta Shop Ristorante for the first time and we liked it. Yes a bit pricey for what it is, but still a quality meal. Going back to the first visit my wife ordered the Calamari with pasta and for her it was one of the best dishes she has ever had and she isn't a real seafood lover, $32 but worth it. Today she had the pasta and scallops, but when I tired one of her scallops it was a bit too salty for my taste, but my wife didn't mind. Then I know it boring, but I like plain ole spaghetti and meatballs and it isn't on the menu. Today I did have the linguini and meatballs and it was good. I did have some odd shaped fork that was kind of round and short for some reason and it made pasta eating a chore. Overall a good place and good service, BUT the service isn't perfect. Waitresses are effective but not perfect. I wasn't offered any parmesean cheese at all, but I didn't really care one way or the other, but it should be offered. After the meal the tired looking dessert tray was presented, but no item per item description of what was being offered, just "would you like some dessert?" Overall it's quality food and wonderful homemade pasta. We'll be back to try the Calamari entree for my wife if it's available on the specials and I'll have whatever is close to spaghetti. Oh yes, we've never seen the owner or chef come out to the table. Also they do serve Peroni Italian beer, even though the window signs blaze Corona and Miller Lite.
3	Average, in the modern mediocre sense.We were (still) looking for a new italian restaurant close by, our old favorite having disappeared a few years back. While driving along, I found this place on Yelp.My only rule for restaurants, especially Italian, is I do not want a food factory. None of the chains for me. There too much room and too much talent in this town to waste time eating in a chain.We went in and found a strange mixture of modern metal art and bright bud and miller beer signs. Not bad. Not great. Just average.We were greeted by, I will assume, one of the owners. A pleasant enough fellow. He, nor any of the staff ever introduced themselves. An anonymous group serving us dinner. For the rest of the service we got the bare minimum of interaction. Drink order taken and served. Food order taken. Salad served. Dinner served. Dessert menu and check. Average. Mediocre.I am usually a two drink during dinner guy. My beer ran out and no one ever noticed. I didn't bother to do their job as hosts and ask for more.On to the food. A fantastic plate of, well, average. There was nothing wrong with the food. Chicken was well prepared and cooked. The raviolis were still al dente, properly drained and served. The marinara sauce is the only thing to find fault. Tomato sauce you could safely serve your entire family without complaint for too much salt, pepper, oregano, or spice. A flavourless endeavour. Overall my impression was that the chef has lost his passion for food and is phoning it in. Uninspired average fare. Pricing is where I have issue. Two people with one drink each came out to $30 per person. For what it was, its overpriced. $20 per person is appropriate.Would I eat here again? Yes, if someone else invited me and bought dinner.Three nice average stars for this place. No hard feelings but the hunt is still on.
5	Anytime I have guests from out of town, we go to the pasta shop.  It's cute, intimate and it has a nice view of the strip (for the tourists) and the food is fantastic.  I try to find the gems OFF the strip and this is, without a doubt, on the top of my list.  First step in, I loved the decor.  It felt cozy and comfortable... feels like home.  And all of the employees make you feel as such- that you are at home and you are all a big family.  When the chef came out to check on us, you could tell he loves what he does and this is such a passion for him.  The friendliness and ambiance won me over.The food is delicious.  The most enjoyable dishes I have had have always been the specials of the evening.  One night they serve a chilled artichoke with a balsamic reduction.  It was prepared so nicely I could have eaten one of an appetizer and one for an entree.  Five stars all around.
4	I went here after reading a write-up in the Las Vegas Weekly.  My wife and I live in the area and are always looking for great little local places like this.  Their pasta is made fresh in house and it is delicious.  I had a seafood pasta dish that was packed with seafood at a great price.  My wife had the lasagna which was also very good.  We were there early so there were only a couple other people in the restaurant and the service was quick and friendly.
5	I saved my shillings and came here during Restaurant Week 2011 put on by Three Square (http://www.threesquare.org).  I had been wanting to check it out but from what I could peruse on the menu online, it seemed, ahem, a bit beyond my normal dinner price range.The restaurant had a really great, four-course prix fixe menu for $30 during Restaurant Week.  That included an appetizer (polenta), salad (caesar), main course (rigatoni primevera with roasted cashews) and dessert (tiramisu). I have high standards for Italian food as I spent some time in Italy during college and was spoiled with great food there.  (Ahhhhhhh, gnocchi in Roma.)  The Pasta Shop did not disappoint.  The starter and salad were good but the pasta was DELICIOUS.  While I like the occasional visit to the Macaroni Grill, I find that pasta at big chains tend to be drenched in sauce (among other things).  Here, the pasta was al dente and tasted really flavorful with just the right oils and spices; no additional compensation necessary!  It's also hand made fresh at the restaurant.  Hands down, some of the best pasta I've had in the US since my time in Italia.The tiramisu was also heavenly.  Sometimes tiramisu can be too dry or taste too alcohol-y.  Here, it was just spongy goodness.  We also had the spumoni cake and that was equally delicious.  Hello, coconut shavings on the edge of the slice!  Next time, I may skip the salad and get down to business with the pasta and dessert.  Simply put, this place deserves a visit!!!
5	This place is AMAZING! it has a very "artsy" bistro feel. When you walk in, you immediately feel welcome. The service was impeccable and of course the home made pasta is as good as it gets. Everything is fresh, and made from scratch. This is definitely a little gem. The best part was the we actually had Glenn (one of the brothers) wait on us due to a staffing issue. Apparently this never happens, well let me tell you.. Of course we will be back because the food was Fantastic, but having the opportunity to sit down and get to know Glenn himself was awesome. I even got some pasta to take home...Delish! Do yourself a favor and stop in for an amazing experience!
5	Took our friends from out of town and did a family style. Our favorites were chicken Marsala and ravioli Bianca and must have chocolate mousse pie!!
4	This small restaurant packed great flavors and good service.  We enjoyed being served by one of the owners who took extra time to welcome us and tell us about the restaurant (like they sell their pasta to various Strip locations). We started the meal with the tomato basil polenta - the marinara and cashews gave it a wonderful flavor. The Caesar salad was nothing great but is it ever?  The highlight of the dinner was the buttery, nutty goodness called Ravioli Bianca. A must get!  The Chicken Davida was also very tasty. It was as if chicken parm married eggplant parm.  The side of veggies were divine - as crazy as that sounds. So why not 5 stars?  The desserts - after such a fabulous meal we were hoping for more homemade goodness. Don't be swayed though- this place is definitely worth a visit.
4	Really liked the Shrimp Diablo Pasta! Will definitely go back to try their Lobster Macaroni
4	Enjoyed the baked rigatoni with pink sauce and a glass of chardonay for lunch. Hubby loved the lasagne. Polite and quick, I have no complaints about the service.  Enjoyed looking at the quirky artwork as we ate. We'll  be back for more casual yet delicious meals.
5	Amazing pasta (try the olive oil linquini) and more. And a rare non-chain in LV.  The food is made with love and the service is friendly and attentive. The artichoke app is also to die for. I love this place, but I am bummed out that they left my 'hood (central Vegas) for the 'burbs.
5	Fantastic first experience =) Great service, attention to detail (cold salad plates, hot dinner dishes), fresh pasta and absolutely delicious food.  We will be back!
4	Great food but a bit pricey.
5	Fantastic pasta! I love the vibe of this place and the people who run it! This restaurant reminds me of something I'd find in the Bay Area- down to earth, personable, artsy and GOOD! Family owned and operated- all pasta is made to order and made in house. You can also buy fresh pasta for home cooking. They supply pasta to numerous restaurants/casinos in Vegas, and I can see why. All entrees come with a fresh made caesar salad and delicious cheese bread. I love their Spinach Linguine with Oil and Garlic! So awesome! I also like the dessert they change up daily. If you're looking for good pasta, great ambiance and a personal experience, come here!
4	My husband and I love this place.  We go about once a month for date night.  The owner usually serves us - he always remembers us and the service is top notch!  I wish the menu were a bit more extensive but understandable for such a tiny place.  The specials can be a bit pricey but the regular menu items are pretty reasonable.
5	This is a small family operated restaurant that is one of the best pasta places to eat in Las Vegas for many years... They only moved to Henderson last year but we should be very happy to have them. It is a small menu but everything is amazing... The service is great! Gianna has been there for years and is a wonderful server. Try the eggplant!
5	This is our favorite neighborhood restaurant. The fresh pasta is fantastic. They have a good wine list. It's intimate,  and not a scene at all - one of those places that I don't really want anyone else to discover!
4	Wow. Outstanding pasta. You can tell that the pasta is made fresh daily, unlike other Italian restaurants nearby. I would give this restaurant 5 stars but I felt the decor was a bit tacky. Well worth a try.
5	I really could give just a one word review - DELICIOUS! Some of the best pasta I've ever eaten and the service is great. The Pasta Shop is one of my favorite restaurants in town. Definitely my favorite Italian restaurant. Very relaxed, casual neighborhood atmosphere and a great wine list, too.
5	Fresh Pasta made daily.  Highly recommend this place.
2	Too much sauce on the pasta. It was served in a bowl and the sauce was almost at the brim. It looked like a noodle soup. I had the squid ink pasta in saffron cream sauce with shrimp.
4	My wife and I have been a fan of chef David for twenty years.  Never disappointed.  A sure winner for lunch or dinner.  The best chicken caesar salad ever.  You owe it to yourself to give the Pasta Shop a try.
5	The only problem with this place is that you might get sick from overeating all that out of this world pasta!...Hightly recommended!!...Try the Alfredo it will send you to Pluto.
4	If you are craving linguine and clams this is the place. Fresh pasta and a beautiful romantic place with great service.
5	It is a readily known fact that I can never turn down an Italian meal, so when the opportunity presented itself to try the Pasta Shop, I agreed with pleasure.The setting is intimate, location is close to home (good or bad thing, I haven't decided yet), and the decor..um..well.. I can appreciate the fact this venue is supporting local art.  I'm not sure if the decor consists of several local artists or just one in particular, but the walls are covered in very eccentric art pieces.Lets get to the good stuff.. the FOOD! A table of (7) and I for the most part decided to take advantage of the Restaurant Week set menu which consisted of a delicious caprise salad, Cesar salad, main course (spinach fettuccine in a garlic sun-dried tomato sauce with chicken), and for dessert..one of the BEST homemade cannoli's I've ever had!Our server was attentive and our drinks rarely were empty and overall I would most certainly make the Pasta Shop a regular venue to feed my Italian food craving.The price is a little high for standard pasta, but we are not talking past out of a box people, we are talking freshly made pasta daily!Fresh pasta, delicious ingrediants and the best cannoli in town.. Pasta Shop is your place.
5	Small artsy authentic Italian restaurant. Had a girls night out and we all enjoyed our dishes. I had the Scallops Fra Diablo and it was amazingly delicious! The scallops were big and tender. The rose sauce was very flavorful and had a hint of heat. I visited this restaurant before and also tried Portofino, Linguine with Clams and Spinach Linguine with Olive Oil and Garlic. They were all really good. I guess you can't go wrong with anything you order here. Their homemade tiramisu is a must try too. Very light and the sweetness is just right. Will be back for sure!P.S. Yelpers get a free pound of homemade fresh pasta when you check in!
4	We had another great meal at Pasta Ristorante last night. Checked in on yelp and brought home a pound of fresh pasta for checking in! Tonight we had roasted mushroom clam sauce with basil pappardelle. Yum. Dinner here is always a pleasure.
5	Good place and decent food. Price was a little bit high but what can you expect when you order the special that isn't on the menu. The best part is the owner came and thanked us and made us feel important. You don't see that too often.
4	This is one of those hidden gems that locals know about, but hardly tell anyone! I guess they want to keep the secret to themselves! I've had just about everything on their menu and to say it's good food would be an understatement. My favorite is the Clams Linguine, mostly because they use fresh clams and not the canned stuff like a lot of other Italian restaurants. All of the portions are just the right amount and the food is well balanced. No overpowering flavors what so ever. And one of the best Caesar salads I've had in Vegas yet!To me, the decor is refreshing. Little art trinkets and pieces throughout the shop that are for sale and give it a unique feel. There isn't much of a view of the strip from the restaurant due to homes in the area, but go to the parking lot just above the restaurant and you have an incredible view of the city.
4	We have been here twice now and each meal has been fantastic.  There is nothing better than homemade pasta.  Service is great as well.  Normally I would rather make lasagna at home but I must admit, the Pasta Shop's is better than mine.
5	If you're looking for a local establishment with lots of great flavor this is the place for you! The pasta is handmade and always fresh. The lasagna is outstanding! A great place to go with company from out of town who you want to show what the real Las Vegas has to offer.
5	Love this small very cozy restaurant. The food is amazing. Everything is made to order. The baked eggplant parm is the best I ever had. I have eaten several items and have not been let down. The garlic bread rocks. The owners are very warm and inviting with their guests. The art work that decorates the restaurant is amazing and it is all for sale.
4	Good Italian joint right in the neighborhood.  I understand they make the pasta for Spago, so come here and eat the same thing only cheaper.
4	Another hidden gem thanks to Yelp.I was in the area and decided to try this place out because of the solid reviews on Yelp. Glad I did. I tried the chicken parm, which is my usual order at a new Italian restaurant. Every Italian restaurant has chicken parm on the menu, so it works as a good barometer.All dinner entrees come with a small basket of cheese bread and Caesar salad. Nice touch. The chicken parm was very good. The chicken portion was ample. They were also very generous with the mozzarella cheese on top. The marinara sauce on the side of pasta pomodoro had good flavor and was spiced well. The pasta was cooked perfectly and was fresh.At $18, the chicken parm was a bit pricey. Not necessarily expensive, but not a deal either. You are paying a bit for the atmosphere, decor, and service, which I don't mind doing on occasion. This would definitely be a good date spot.
5	This was place awesome we went solely based on the Yelp reviews, and we were completely not disappointed.The wine list was great, the menu selections were exceptional, and the customer service was fantastic.  It isn't often at a restaurant with food like this that the owner is the one who seats you.There is no actual kids menu, but they were very accommodating for our little dining companions.We normally wouldn't have tried a restaurant like this in a little plaza with high expectations.  But it was well worth the try.  We will absolutely be back.
5	Great little neighborhood Italian restaurant. We went in on a Friday night without a reservation and they seated us as quickly as they could. Although I would recommend making a reservation because it was packed. The food was great, the service was perfect, and the owner was very friendly and even gave us a bag of fresh ground pepper pasta to take home. and it was delicious as well. We will for sure be going back recommending it to our friends.
3	After having seen good things about this place around the internet & local magazines, I finally visited for the first time last week and was sadly disappointed; I was expecting and hoping to like it! I really wish their food was better, because this place is fairly close to my house and I'd otherwise be there all the time.The space they have is small but welcoming, and I love the art they have hanging around (all of it is actually for sale). The owner and others working there were all very pleasant and service was pretty good. The menu, while not super extensive and a bit heavy on seafood offerings, had several intriguing offerings. Out of four of us, we ended up with 3 different dishes: rigatoni primavera, chicken davida (sauteed chicken topped with eggplant parm with a side of vegetables and a polenta cake), and my pick, the scallops fra-diablo (that's what they say instead of fra diavolo). Now, they're known for their home-made pasta, and in that respect I can say they didn't disappoint. The linguini (and accompanying sauce) in my scallops dish was pretty tasty, and held up well as next-day lunch leftovers. The scallops sort of brought the vibe down, though, as they turned out more rubbery than they should have been. The rigatoni primavera looked good, but I didn't end up trying that dish. I did taste a couple bites of both the chicken and the eggplant parm,and they were both nearly flavorless (how the heck do you get a fried food to lose its flavor?!). I was told, however, that the accompanying veggies were delicious. With your meal, you're given cheesy garlic bread (tasty enough, but could use more garlic) and starter Caesar salads (just ok, for a Caesar, which I normally enjoy; would have liked the option for a green/garden salad instead). The croutons on the salad are even better than the garlic bread, so don't skip eating those!I'm hoping it was just an "off" night for the chef, because like I said, the place is super cute and I really wanted to like it. I'll re-visit at some point and test out a different dish or two, but I can't say my mouth will be watering in anticipation.
5	"Fresh pasta, funky art, fabulous wine," read the chalkboard outside this restaurant's entrance.  The Pasta Shop Ristorante delivered on all three accounts!  I think the consensus of fellow Yelpers should give you a good sense of the place.I was looking to get "off campus" from my stay on the Strip.  The Pasta Shoppe was worth the drive to nearby Henderson.  The atmosphere is definitely bistro/casual.     My meal featured a generous portion of fresh linguini crowned with in-shell Littleneck Clams The ceasar salad was a worthy accompaniment.   Add a great wait staff and an engaging owner-operator and my dining experience was complete.  As for the price points, it is all relative.  In comparison to some of the Strip restaurants I'd normally go to, TPS provided real value-and a welcome alternative for my dining dollar.
4	Fresh made pasta in a cozy neighborhood strip mall. I wasn't expecting the quality of the food to be so good. It's a bistro atmosphere with friendly service. They have good lunch specials and the place is busy. Dinner, especially on a week night, was more quiet.
4	Had a wonderful birthday dinner here at this wonderful local artsy & colorful place.The art done by owners are a nice way to perk up this quaint restaurant that had a California coast like feel.The service and food are excellent. I definitely recommend their blanched artichoke appetizer, delicious smooth garlic flavor with a hit of the really good aged balsamic in a beautiful easy to eat presentation topped with flecks of Parmesan cheese. We ordered the linguini and clams and ravioli Blanca. The raviolis had a nice light caprese flavor with fresh basil, tomatoes and a crunch from the cashews ( will have to try adding that to my next homemade pasta recipe).The owner David was very attentive ...maybe a little TOO attentive & wonder if he would be so friendly to a hetero couple...also brought us a birthday cannoli and complementary bag of fresh black pepper pasta. They make fresh pasta for a lot of the restaurants on the strip. We will definitely be coming back here again.
4	Great authentic cuisine, friendly people.A little off the beaten path, but worth the drive.I would definately try again!
4	Food was outstanding!  Wine selection  was really good, the mood was nice and dinning room looked great!   Ordered one of the nightly special server did tell us the price, the dish was good just not the $32.00 they charged for the dish!In a whole the server was average at best, slammed plates down and would ask a question and walk away while we were talk back to her!      We would go back because the food was really good!
1	First of all, if you decide to go here because of the other good reviews (which is why I came here) DO NOT buy a $10 for $20 deal because they automatically charge you 18% gratuity without informing you. The bill that we received tonight only had our entrees written down, the bottle of wine that we ordered was not written on the bill.... My boyfriend noticed a $16 charge and I'm so thankful he pointed it out because I overlooked it thinking it was just the tax.... The 18% was written very small, and looked like 8%... I would have ended up tipping these people TWICE....  I asked the waitress what the 18% was and she played dumb and said "oh I think that's gratuity" ... so when she returned a few minutes later after she ran my credit card I asked again if that was normal since we were only a party of 2.... She finally told me that 18% gratuity is included if you use any deals/coupons which I doubt she should have told me BEFORE she ran my credit card when I asked her..... !!!!!!!!IT DOES NOT SAY THAT ON THE DISCLAIMER FOR THE $10 FOR $20 DEAL!!!!!!!! It states 'gratuity not included, please tip on full amount' ---- shady shady shady shady!!!! You would have received a 20% tip if you didn't automatically and fraudulently charge me a tip already....I HATE SHADY-NESS..... SHAME ON YOU PASTA SHOP!! I WILL DEFINITELY NOT BE BACK! At first I really liked this place because I thought it was a mom and pop shop, I thought it was fun and different, but I can't believe the lack of disclaimer and the "playing dumb" that I just experienced. And you can only use either the $10 for $20 deal that you purchased or get the 1 lb. homemade pasta (which WAS part of the disclaimer but I still think that's stupid...)
5	Definitely one of the better Italian meals I've had out. Pasta Shop Ristorante is a little place, that could easily be passed if you're not looking for it. After some debating on a Saturday night we decided to try out this little hole in the wall after reading some positive Yelp reviews. The aroma of the food being cooked in this little joint was unbelievable. There wasn't hardly a table open. The ambiance is perfect for this place - custom art everywhere, lot's of color, and dimly lit to create a quaint, but romantic atmosphere. But let's be honest, if the atmosphere is great and the food is bad we're not really interested, right? The food was great. My wife and I both went somewhat traditional. I ordered the Lasagna and she ordered the Eggplant Parmesan. Both had cheese melting over the sides, were piping hot, and absolutely delicious. The lasagna had the perfect amount of sauce, perfect amount of cheese, and the it tasted amazing. The parmesan cheese they give you at the table is as good as I've ever had at any Italian restaurant. It's individual pieces cut unevenly off a brick of cheese. Melts right over the pasta and makes it even more delicious. The eggplant parm was as good as my lasagna, and enough to feed two. I would consider ordering that myself next time we go. The restaurant is moderately priced, but worth every penny. Service was great and it appeared that the manager/owner was working the night we were there and keeping close tabs on all the tables. Our drinks were never low, the waitress was friendly and attentive. All in all a great experience.Looking forward to our next experience at Pasta Shop Ristorante. And don't forget to check in on Yelp on your phone for some free fresh pasta.
5	This place is awesome! Everything is fresh, including the pasta. My friend and I shaqred a lasagna and a salad, we ended up getting an extra of each to bring home. With the Yelp deal that's aqvailable, it was incredibly cheap. We're going bqck next week.
5	I went here with my husband the other week and had a fabulous time.The food was very authentic and absolutely delicious.  I loved my pasta and fresh artichoke appetizer.The service was impeccable - very attentive and personable.We will definitely be coming back.
3	Our fifth and final meal for Spring Restaurant Week was at Pasta Shop Ristorante in Anthem. They had two price points for the RW menu $30.13 and $50.13. The former was the better deal. The difference between them was the entree and dessert. Seafood vs. Chicken or Sausage and Cannoli vs. Tirimisu. They willingly substituted dessert. We started with Fresh Mozzarella and Roma Tomato and Caesar Salad. The Caprese was fantastic, simple and fresh, quality ingredients. The Caesar was too lightly dressed, this is a rare complaint from me. I enjoy lightly dressed salads, but the taste of the romaine overpowered any other flavor. Leaves on their own are pretty boring. The husband had the Mediteranean Sausage over pasta. I had the Portofino with Fresh Shellfish in a Fra Diablo Sauce over Linguine. The sausage was very good with excellent flavor. The linguine was also quite tasty. The shellfish varied, the shrimp and scallops were tender and properly prepared. The clams and mussels were overcooked and very chewy. I also expected the dish to be spicy, but it was not. All in all, the Portofino was fine, but it had the potential to be more enticing. Finally, we finished with tiramusi and cannoli. Both were enjoyable. The Pasta Shop is great neighborhood find. I'm glad we were given the excuse to give it a try. If in the area, I'd return to sample more of their housemade pastas.
3	Food was very good, but a little over priced. Find it crazy this day in age that you have to pay for refills for a soda. $6 for a soda & 1 refill :(
3	First impression was "wow!" when I was waiting for my food to cook. The contemporary artwork and decor throughout the restaurant is pretty impressive. Everything, even attention to the details like the custom made tables, salt pepper shakers and even the toilet seat in the bathroom was crazy cool!The selections are limited for  lunch but I found a salad and entree I wanted to try; the Fresh Mozzarella and Plum Tomatoes for my salad and Rigatoni Primavera for my entree. The mozz, tomatoes were fresh but way too much vinaigrette. You cant tell from the picture, but after you get thru the layer of mozz and tomatoes, the vinaigrette filled up the well of the bowl. So after eating 1/2 my salad the other 1/2 was drowning in the dressing  ...next time I'll request it on the side.   The rigatoni dish was alright. Again pasta and veggies cooked right, but olive oil doused over whole dish. There was a nice pool of it left at the bottom. I really like the garlicky taste though. Shrimp was kind of bland tasting and texture a little tough.  My server was pleasant and attentive enough, but as other parties started to come in, it was hard to get her attention after she closed my check. I wanted to purchase some of the custom made utensils and it took awhile to get her attention again.Well so far it's obvious  I like the art gallery part of it more than the food part of it. I really want to rate this place four stars but the cuisine doesn't quite match up. So 3.5 stars for now.  I'll give the dinner time hours a try next time around since there are more dishes I would like to try on there.
3	We came here for one of  our friend's surprise birthday dinner.  They were able to accommodate a group of 17 of us.  I ordered the ravioli bianca, and thought it was boring and plain.  I was hoping it would be something similar to Gaetano's sweet potato gnocchi in brown butter and sage...why did I even hope.  This isn't Gaetano.However, my fiance got the Saffron Shrimp Saute with black squid pasta, it was delicious. Service was great, and owner David checked on us to make sure we were doing great.I think maybe I have to come back and try other items, just that Fiance and I are not pasta type of peeps.  However,  when we do feel like pasta, we will return.
4	Found this place while driving down Horizon Ridge one night looking for a non-franchise place to eat. I'm a sucker for anything with the word "pasta" so of course, I was sold!Small little place, which can be hard to find or easily missed if not paying attention. It appears to be run by a father and daughter who both attend tables, take orders, clean and apparently, the owner is also a painter! He has beautiful art work all around also available for purchase. I was blown away by some of his art! Super talented!I ordered the Sausage Linguini and LOVED IT! The complimentary bread is also very fresh, home made and delish. Service was fast, however, a tad pricy. The picnic tables outside are awesome for a late night dinner. Definitely intend on visiting this place again.P.S. Don't forget to check-in on Yelp for a $10 for $20 deal!
5	What a hidden neighborhood gem and I am so glad we found it! My husband saw the place when visiting a business across the street. Even though I wasn't hungry I decided to join him for a glass of wine. Next time I will have an appetite!We walked in, the ambiance is great. Nice and clean with low lighting and incredible smells of fresh Italian food. My husband ordered pasta with meatball & sausage. Before his entree he got a caesar salad and fresh garlic cheese bread. The salad was nicely dressed and had big pieces of fresh pamesan cheese. The garlic cheese bread, soft, warm and cheesy. Great presentation of the entree with FRESHLY made pasta.. Tender noodles topped with a flavorful tomato sauce with meatballs and sausage. Yes, it was my husbands dinner, but I did take a few bites and glad I did. I can't wait to go back and try something for myself. All the dishes coming out of the kitchen looked delicious.. Looking foward to trying the clams! The service was fantastic! Both the owners who are brothers were both on hand. Very welcoming and friendly. Great place to go and to take company when they are in town for a great meal without having to get near the Strip!
5	My husband and I were yelping for something good to eat once we arrived into Las Vegas.... Pictures and reviews for Pasta Shop looked amazing, so I thought we would give it a try!We were greeted by one of the owners and he was pleasant in every way! Went over their special and my husband decided to try the filet mignon with the mushroom sauce. I knew what I wanted to try prior to arriving and ordered the black squid ink pasta cooked in a saffron sauce and served with tiger shrimps!!!! My husbands dish was aahhhhhmazing! I think I ended up on his side of the table eating off his plate! The black squid ink pasta was also pretty darn good!!! The owner even sent us home with some fresh uncooked pasta to take home and cook ourselves!!! What a wonderful experience! I definitely would love to come back for that filet mignon dish!
5	Went for the first time this week. Great service, order was taken by one of the owners who was very pleasant. I ordered the Scallops Fra Diablo. Was totally yummy, large scallops cooked perfectly, homemade sauce was delicious as well as the fresh Linguine. My girlfriend ordered the ravioli's and they were delicious as well.Cute place with cool art on the walls, will definitely come back here for authentic Italian food. Being from New York I'm super picky....and this place definitely delivered!
4	This review is from a while back, so maybe it's changed since then.Dinner was fantastic. Great Italian, exactly what I'd expect from the Yelp reviews. We dined early, around 5pm and there was no crowd (just as I like it!) Very hard to go wrong, except the dessert.Fantastic dinner, mediocre dessert. Definitely on the return list, but I can't imagine ever taking a chance to eat the dessert here when there are so many other dessert options in the area.
4	I know this restaurant has been around for a VERY long time and I'm sorry we just recently ate there for the first time a couple months ago.  Years of missing out of great italian food!  We've been back three times already.  The food is just delicious!   The ravioli bianca and the lasagna are both at the top of my list.   I wouldn't rave about the chicken marsala...it was ok, but not on par with the other entrees I've tried.   The service could be a bit better...not that it's bad, it could just be a bit better.  And the tables in front of the windows can be a bit too warm as the sun is setting. Definitely worth trying!
5	went there for the first time yesterday, and i can honestly say it exceeded my expectations! i got the spinach linguini with olive & garlic and i added the chicken. best way to describe it is ORAL HEAVEN!!! and to top it all off, the customer service was superb:) i will definitely be back.
4	Amazingggg! David the chef was wonderful. Homemade pasta at it's best. We will be back for sure. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because of 2 things- they don't have a set closing time and that made us feel bad because we were the last customers in the restaurant and I knew they were trying to get outta there. Not having a closing time makes it hard for me because I don't like being that customer that walks in 30 minutes before closing. The other reason was because it is a little pricy to make it a once a week or so place.
5	I've been going to the Pasta Shop since 2007 when it was located on Tropicana. The food is always outstanding. The pasta of course is amazing. If you have never had fresh made pasta you must try. The texture especially is so different. I've gone frequently with groups and never had anyone disappointed. At the new location I do recommend reservations but we have always had good luck without as well. Always ask about the specials.. the salmon in lobster cream, cold artichoke and calamari are a few of my favorites. The marsala is one of my favorite "regular" menu items. The staff is friendly and I love supporting a locally owned restaurant. Every time I've been one of the owners is there. Although it can be a little pricey, for the quality it is well worth it!
4	BEST ITALIAN IN VEGAS! I went here for a family dinner yesterday and fell in love! Everyone was extremely friendly and it had a very family friendly atmosphere! I am not an Italian food fan, but this food was outstanding! No wonder it has amazing reviews! The only thing that i didn't like was the fact that we had to wait for a table out side in the heat even though there were plenty of open tables inside.
5	The place is adorable - it has an eclectic feel - owners wife's art on the walls and is for sale - the service is fabulous and the fresh food comes out fast and steaming hot! The fresh pasta noodles are just divine! The red sauce is fabulous taste like my Italian friend makes in Italy! Overall super tasty and great portions - not too much and not too little! I loved the linguine and meatballs!
2	My bf had the Mediterranean sausage it was ok but certainly not worth $16. I had the Chicken Marsala.  Was not good. Little strips of chicken with a sweet watery sauce. Did not taste like Marsala wine. $19. Will return to Bueno Gusto.
5	My wife ordered the mussels but they were out because the supplier provided too low quality product.  She instead had the clams which were superb. Gotta love a place with standards!!  Lunch Was fantastic.
5	Love this place, perfect for lunches, alone or with a group.  Nice portions and pleasant staff, always.
4	Good food, prices, and ambience. Nice view. Small place. Make reservations. No kids menu, but they'll make something special.
5	Delicious Italian food! Now I'm not a fan of typical "Italian" you find at most places with overly sauced heavy dishes. This cute family run place is nothing like that! You can really taste the difference with their freshly made pasta. I loved that each entree is served with a caesar salad and garlic bread. I tried the ravioli bianca and a special lobster ravioli the two times I've dined here. Both were amazing and huge positions. Even with how full my boyfriend and I were we've tried the canoli, white chocolate raspberry cheesecake and the tiramisu (no judgment we had help haha). All three were amazing but the canoli won in my book. The owner came out and talked to my family and I after our meal which was really nice. You've got to try this place it is a rare find and definitely worth a trip!
5	My husband and I are partners in three restaurants in Los Angeles, and we recently moved to Henderson.  The Pasta Shop was recommended to us by a friend.  What a find!  The food is exquisite and the service is beyond excellent.   Saffron cream black squid pasta with shrimp??!!  WOW!  The meatballs are best I've ever tasted.The chef and owner, David, actually sat down with us for 10 minutes and chatted.  It is so wonderful to go to a restaurant where the owner takes such good care of customers.  We have found our "favorite" Italian restaurant in Las Vegas for sure!
5	Great food & atmosphere. Good date night spot
1	The place has a nice vibe, the food well not so good!  Portions are very small.  Prices are high.  I mean come on its pasta, put a little in the plate!  If you want a great authentic Italian meal, Montisanos in Eastern.  Not fancy, but also not expensive.  Great service and most importantly, great food and pizza.  You wont leave hungry.
5	Quality!  The linguini diablo is almost perfect with huge portions of scallops and shrimp.  Every meal begins with salad and their bread is baked with cheese on the spot.
4	They don't need another person telling them the pasta is WONDERFUL...but I agree with other reviewers....the salad needs a hint of anchovie...it is very bland.  Their parmesan in very good.  They are open on Sundays...another plus
3	Food was great. Went with the lasagna and would go back. Only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is that I showed up at 8:50 a few months back and the doors were locked! I guess he was trying to close up shop a little early. It was embarrassing to sit there are the door trying to open it with a bunch of diners still in there staring at my wife and I. Once we were in, they rushed us to get our order in which wasn't pleasant.After all that, they were nice while cleaning up the store as we were eating.
4	Love this place! Service was awesome and food was pretty delish! The pizza bianco was amazing alongside the balsamic and olive oil dip they make. Also, the garlic cheesy bread was amazeballs! Love the food and wine selections. Great Malbec wine!
4	The appetizers were really good, not to fond of the ravioli in butter sauce. But husbands dish was very good!
4	My daughter loves Pasta and we both love Art. So I thought this would be a great place as it touts itself as a pasta shop and art gallery.  Mostly we were not disappointed!  The gallery is just what they call the restaurant as there is art everywhere.  Most of the art is very unique and vibrant.  The pasta is all homemade and the yelp special (1 lb of fresh pasta to take home for free on your first visit) is awesome.  The baked ziti was great and you could tell the chef made it with love!  The garlic cheesy bread is actually bland and soggy and the only negative for the meal.  We didn't get to try the deserts we were so full.  Portion size is just right!
4	After the long drive home from southern Cali, I just wanted yummy and easy food, and this is exactly what I got, with top notch service.Artichoke appetizer: cold artichoke is not always my favorite, but this is the best I've had. It was beautifully presented, and I love balsamic (theirs is homemade), so it was lovely.Cheese bread: perfect cheese to bread ratio Salads: I could have used more croutons and cheese, but it was an unexpected surprise to get salad as I didn't even realize it was includedRavioli (we had both kinds): perfectly cooked with light sauces dressing them. We both preferred the one with red sauce over my Bianca.Meatballs: crispy outside and juicy insideCannoli: outstanding! They make them in house and I would even bet they make their own whipped cream - this is not reddi whip.The price point is a little high, but David (the owner) said they supply their home made pastas to many casinos, and I could absolutely see people paying more for it. This teacher's salary might be reluctant to come back, but when David presented us with some fresh pasta to take home, I was sold. I don't check in on yelp ever, so it was another pleasant surprise. The service was impeccable (in spite of the fact that there was a 15-person party that was receiving their salads as we came in), and I'd rather pay a little more to a local business than give a cheaper Italian chain restaurant my money!
4	I went here with my two friends.  Collectively, we tried the following:Artichoke with Parmesan and balsamic vinegarShrimp scampiRavioli with white sauceRigatoni with diced meatballs in a spicy red sauceSquid Ink Pasta with shrimp in a saffron cream sauceBoth the appetizers (the artichoke and shrimp scampi) were quite good.  Using the scrumptious cheese bread they give you to mop up the scampi sauce is a recommended tactic.  For entrees, I was anticipating the Squid ink pasta the most.  Unfortunately, this dish was a letdown.  The pasta was overcooked, so it lacked that al dente texture that you hope for when you visit to a place like this.  The saffron cream sauce was also lacking in flavor.  The clear winner was the rigatoni in a meat sauce.  Very hearty dish with a flavorful sauce and just enough spice.  I'd give the meal itself 3.5 stars, but with the exceptional service (and the fact that Yelp won't let you give partial stars), this place gets a 4/5.
5	We were driving by last night and were attracted to the lighting from the street.Upon entering- the ambience is fun and and inviting. The owner's wife is a talented artist and her wall sculptures and paintings decorate the ristorante . Giana the manager was the one that waited on us. She was warm and friendly.She seems to really love her job. (we assumed she was an owner)I ordered the special with scallops (to die for), salmon and a yummy homemade pasta (which Giana actually gave us a sample of to take home) in a white wine caper sauce. My hubsand ordered the Franks meat sauce pasta. Which he said it was one of the the most delicious he has ever tasted.This little family ristorante  is a jewel. And we cannot wait to return.Molto Buona!!!
5	Just had such a great meal at pasta shop. We were visiting Henderson for a conference and thought we would take a chance. The staff could not have been nicer and the food was authentic and delicious. A must go if in the area!
5	The Pasta Shop is a delightful treat! Try the MediterraneanSausage.Flavor town best describes this dish. A tasty Caesar salad comes with it as well as a basket of freshly made garlic cheese bread.Eggplant parmesan is also tasty.A must try ristorante when in Henderson.Cant wait for my next trip to The Pasta Shop.
3	I have seen the reviews for this restaurant for months and wanted to try it. We were really excited to check it out. Read reviews the day before booking. Looked at all the photos for the dishes. And finally decided to book a reservation.It's a cute enough place, but let's just say for the prices the menu is commanding if you show up for dinner you expect a little more than what it offers as a cute little lunch place. Our final bill with tip was $135. Yet even though we had made a reservation for a particularly late hour (the place was half empty), we were told we could have a high top or the table in front of the door. There were several other tables available, but when we asked about them, the owner said they were "spoken for." Ironically, they remained empty the whole time we were there.We had the artichoke appetizer. It was nicely prepared and well dressed. No complaints. Our salads came and they were simple but well dressed. Nothing to crow about really. I had the squid ink pasta with shrimp in creme sauce. I was really excited about this dish and it was good. I'm not sure whether it was $29 good, but I'm not cheap so normally I wouldn't care about that if it's a dish I can't get anywhere else. The pasta was nice, dense and the cream sauce was flavorful. It was a lot better than than the linguine and clams in rose sauce that my fiance had, which frankly she hated. We should have sent it back, but she insisted we didn't. But it didn't make her happy much.  What I did care about later were the details. Our waitress was clueless about service. We ordered a bottle of wine - of which there are none below $35. We ordered one that was $44 and you might expect that for that price it would come with someone who actually knows how to uncork the bottle. But no. She fumbled through it. Cute as a button that girl but not a single clue about how to serve a table decently. We asked for parmesan cheese (which she never offered) and she brought us a bowl of shaved parmesan. Which she didn't bother to serve. We asked if they had grated and she said that was all they had. Umm. Okay. For all the raving about this place, I didn't see much of any of what was mentioned. We were there on a slow night and we never saw the owner once he sat us. He never came by. Our food was served pretty basically for an expensive place, and we kind of treated like they really didn't care if we were there. The food we had didn't warrant the prices. And neither did the wine. We're big fans of Buon Gusto and maybe have just become way too accustomed to great food served by people without pretension. We should have gone there instead. We would have paid almost half and everything we've had there has been awesome.As best as I can tell, this place has a bunch of regular friends who are visitors who warrant special seating and write great reviews for them. I didn't see any of the amazing things that people are raving about - and believe me I wanted to because this place is a stone's throw from my house and I was really hoping it would totally blow my mind. I don't think we'll be returning. If the food was  just okay and the service was stellar or vice versa, that would different.
1	Ordered take out for our 1st time trying, wasn't given my free pound of pasta from yelp because it's dine in only (which it says no where) Waited like 5-10 inside just standing in the middle if the dining room. Then I'm handed for my single meal take out a stupid Costco box with my smaller take out box in it and the little waitress had some stupid smirk on her face like it was a joke. Just basic service and even more basic food. Definitely not worth $25 for 1 ckn parm that comes with a  "Caesar salad" oh the lettuce with 1 cruton. And a piece of wonder bread with melted cheese. Won't be trying this joint again. 1 step above Olive Garden
4	Great food !!!
4	Awesome service! Very tasty dishes! The cheesy bread and balsamic dipping sauce are very addicting. I highly recommend this place. The owner is very nice...he gave us a free dessert as a big thank you to service members (my sis is in the airforce). Thought that was really nice. ;-)
1	It is very difficult to find a good pasta place in Henderson.  After looking at the reviews for this place on Yelp I decided to try it.  I ordered the tomato basil polenta as an appetizer and Linguine Fra- Diablo with chicken as my entree.  I picked up the order and was very anxious to try this fresh pasta.  The food was good but not memorable and the sauce had so much salt.  The tomato sauce for the polenta and the pasta was way over salted.  I ended up throwing half of the dishes away because it was inedible.  Great disappointment and over priced.  Would never return to this place.
3	I was recommended by a friend to try this place, since their pasta is homemade. At first glance I enjoyed the atmosphere-cool that they sell art too- it is a smaller place but we were seated immediately. I had the cheese ravioli with butter sauce which came with a side salad and bread. I thought everything tasted good and fresh but it wasn't worth the money...found out later it was $4 extra when I added a little bit of zucchini. I'm all for spending money on quality food but the food was just not as good as I anticipated...maybe I didn't pick a spectacular entree. The service was very good. I would say go and try it out and see what you think, it's worth it for sure! But I may go back to try another dish that was recommended.
5	Iv been eating at the Pasta Shop for almost 20 years, it's that good. Tired of Corporate fast food Italian, try this place. Everything is cooked perfectly to order with the best ingredients. Chef David will be your gracious host and responsible for all the recipes. Quiet and charming with beautiful decor owing to his wife Annie's great artwork all over the walls. Small and cozy and very friendly atmosphere. You must try it, and you will be hooked.
5	Kind service. Clean artsy feel. Im so excited to find a really good Italian spot nearby.  Fresh pasta.  So yummy!  They charged $1 to do Alfredo instead of tomato sauce. Cheesy bread is so buttery and soft. Love their German Riesling. Spent $55 for two at lunch time.
4	I love the pasta here, home made and fresh!  Get the shrimp and spinach pasta in olive oil and garlic.  It is amazing.My only issue is the price, it seems a bit to high for the quality of the food.  I also wouldn't mind seeing more specials on the daily.The staff is friendly, and professional.
3	I came here with my boss, was told that they sell pasta to the Strip. The decor is lovely, and the owner nice, and the service prompt. The food was only mediocre, though. My husband had the ravioli, and I had black ink shrimp pasta. My dish had a lot of butter, and the pasta not as fragrant as what I had at other restaurants. My dish was $26 just for the entree with a small salad.
5	Amazing food! Simply put. Customer service is amazing, food is amazing, and so is the atmosphere. It's a wonderful place, and an amazing fine dining experience at an extremely affordable price. Highly recommended.
5	Great atmosphere, extremely welcoming staff, and awesome food. You can tell that the owner truly loves what he does and takes pride in his business. Even gave us a bag of the homemade noodles to take home :D
3	Ravioli Bianca is delicious! The browned butter and fresh basil are a hit! The sauce for the spaghetti is wonderful. Not runny at all. Lasagna... Great!!
5	Pasta Shop Ristorante is my favorite Italian restaurant in Las Vegas. Wow, that's saying a lot. Las Vegas has some great Italian food. It's a tough choice but Pasta Shop Ristorante edges out everyone else by a hair. The 5+ stars goes to one thing and one thing only, their incredible fresh-made pasta. I've never had anything like it. They are soft, pillowy, ribbons of yum. Fresh pasta is always a winner with me but something about their pasta is better, there's is special. I got the Portofino, which was linguine and shellfish served over diablo sauce. The linguine was perfect, the shellfish was fresh and abundant and the diablo sauce was delicious. This is one of my favorite dishes ever. I tasted the bf's lasagna and it was delicious too, it was a delicious cheese-blend between perfect layers of pasta. Now, the bad news, the pasta is sublime but everything else here is mediocre to bad. But that's ok, I'm not here for the other stuff. Their complimentary garlic bread and Caesar salad is just a few steps away from disgusting. I got an order of their meatballs and it was ridiculously overpriced for two ordinary meatballs. Their marinara sauce is delicious on their lasagna but without the pasta and cheese, it tastes very plain and bland. I like the decor of the place, it's very kitschy. They have artwork hanging on the walls and it's for sale. It was packed on a Saturday night. Service was okay, just okay. **Overall, I like this place and will return often because they make sublime pasta dishes. Their other dishes have not been as good but it is forgivable because their pasta makes up for it!**
4	I'm not a huge pasta fan but I've been curious about this place for some time now. It was definitely good and you can tell their pastas are made from scratch. Ingredients were fresh and the dishes comes with a Caesar salad to start. They also give out really tasty cheesy bread. The place is a bit small. The service was great. The waitress was very kind and attentive. Only reason I'm giving 4 stars is because I wasn't a big fan of my dish. It was prepared just fine but I didn't love it. I ordered the ravioli Bianca. But I loved my sisters dish, linguine with clams. It was savory with lots of garlic, which I love! I'd probably go back and explore the menu some more.
4	This is probably my second favorite Italian restaurant in Vegas/Henderson.  I believe the Owner/Chef used to be a personal Chef of Steve Wynn.  The interior decor of the restaurant kind of reminds me of Firefly tapas bar.  It kind of has a spanish/rustic feel to it (even though it's an Italian restaurant) but it's fine.  Very small space.  The pastas are quality and fresh.  I've had the shrimp scampi and the linguine with rose clam sauce.  All taste amazing.  The dishes are a bit pricey, but the quality of food is excellent.
5	Delicious Italian food.  Cheese Ravioli in brown butter sauce with pistachio nuts, excellent.
2	We read the good reviews, and were surprised that the food was average at best.  The service was worse.  Our group of four just sat there thinking...is this the same place that had good reviews?   Apparently, people must be desperate for Italian in Henderson or don't get out much.  By the way, the art on the walls wouldn't sell at an arts and crafts fair...but they try to sell it do diners.   Swing and a miss.
5	I've been here twice.  Both times the food and the service have been outstanding!  I look forward to eating here again.
1	Food was terrible. Ordered take out and the way the waitress packed my order was senseless. Marsala spilled all over the box and out onto my car seat. The chicken Marsala was bland and noodles were waaayyy over cooked. The complimentary salad had little to no taste and DID NOT taste like Caesar salad. The croutons are good. I will not be coming back to this establishment. It looked promising and the atmosphere was cool, but the price for the food is not worth it! I spent $43 for 2 CHICKEN pasta dishes (that don't cost much to make) and felt robbed AND hungry. Maybe the fact that most of the sauce from the Marsala can be found in my car or on my carpet is the reason for a bad review, but the food speaks for itself.  It IS NOT WORTH IT! To think I tipped the person that inevitably ruined my car and my hallway. Such a shame. Try this place if you like I hope you get better service and food than I did. Good luck!
5	My fiancee took our family here for dinner one night. I loved the decor. The owners wife is a brilliant artist and the environment is to die for. The food was by far the best I had (sausage pasta). The service was spot on from the moment we walked in until it was time to leave. Certainly a great place for date nights or with the family.
3	This restaurant has nice atmosphere, nice service and trendy interior.Food is average, lacking aroma, and spices. My tiramisu didn't impress me also.Although, my husband enjoyed a lot pineapple turnover cake. It was sweet, warm, soft and juicy piece of heaven...I will come back to get this desert only.
3	I'm not sure about this place. Wasn't bad by any means but also wasn't great like I was hoping for. The bread basket wasn't good, they don't have any real appetizers (some foo foo salad stuff and shrimp scampi). When I think pasta, I think of great appetizers. Not here. I ordered the meat sauce pasta and will give it an 7/10. Nothing extremely special. The only item that was absolutely delicious was the Spimoni pie dessert. Absolutely fabulous. I'm going to give this place a 2nd shot and hopefully have a better experience. The waitresses were all beautiful so that's a plus!
4	The pasta portofino is very good and I love the cool down tempo vibe. The Caesar salad and bread make you feel like your getting your money's worth . Seafood tasted fresh and perfectly cooked .
5	I loved the squid ink pasta with the saffron cream sauce! The pasta was so fresh. It is a cute little place and it's awesome when you check in there they give you a pound of fresh pasta. It seemed like a lot of customers were regulars there because the waitresses knew them by name.
5	We came here for the first time tonight. We cannot wait to come back! This place is decorated so fun and bright. It's VERY clean and we were greeted right away and our orders placed. All the pasta is house made, sauces are fresh and the entrees include caesar salad and cheesy garlic bread. We were taken care of by a very kind waitress and the owner also helped out with her tables ( I love when owners help and don't sit and watch their staff fall behind) because she was very busy on a Tuesday! This place has very upscale food in a relaxed and happy atmosphere. We can't wait until our next visit!
5	Love eating here, very small restaurant, with some interesting (but expensive if you want to buy) artwork on the walls. Best Italian food I've found in henderson, all these reviews saying food is average are absurd. I really don't know what other restaurants you're eating at, please inform us because Olive Garden or macaroni grill don't hold a candle to here. I love the food and this is one of the few places to get fresh pasta. Glenn and David are very nice, staff isn't the best I've had at a restaurant but normal for such a small place. Definitely pricey for Italian, looking $20+ per person, but I love coming for a great dinner every few months.
4	Food: I've been here a couple of times and haven't been disappointed. The first time I had the linguine with meatballs, which was really good. The second time, I had the linguine fra diablo, which was good but not at all spicy. Wish they would kick it up a notch! The noodles are always cooked to perfection and, importantly, hold up well to reheating. I love their complimentary bread and caesar salad.Service & ambiance: What a cute little spot! The waitstaff has a very family restaurant demeanor. I really feel like someone has welcomed me into their home to have dinner with their family. It's a touch on the expensive side, but the food is good, I always have enough for leftovers, and with their checkin offer I can make my meal last for days! I'll definitely be coming back again and again. This is the closest and best spot to relieve spaghetti cravings.
4	Small cute neighborhood Italian pasta spot with some great art - I definitely like the atmosphere better than Buon Gusto.   It's a little more brighter but with small, intimate setting.  I could see this definitely being a good dinner spot if i lived on this side of town.  We came here for lunch and had the Shrimp Fra Diablo which came with 4 large shrimp and linguine which wasn't quite al dente as I liked but I enjoyed the fresh pasta and it had a nice chew.   The sauce had a nice kick and it paired well with the garlic bread they gave which they gave seconds.I would come back for their fresh pastas but if i had to choose one neighborhood Italian spot on the Henderson side i d recommend Montesano's.P.S - they offer a very generous 1st time check in for a free LB of pasta.  this bumped it up from 3.5 to 4 stars.
4	The pappardelle alfredo - says "light cream sauce" on the menu - more like watery pasta soup! great flavor, just so much watery sauce.Forgot to mention - entrees & pasta come with complimentary yummy garlic cheese bread and a good-sized caesar.For dress / ambiance - some people come in shirt and tie (usually older couples), others come in jeans and t-shirt. Feels very "come as you are"Gratuity included for parties of 5+
4	Free 1 lb homemade pasta for Yelp checkin. The owner was very nice and you can tell he has many loyal customers. The pasta was great. Worth giving this place a try especially if you live in the area. You might discover your new favorite neighborhood restaurant.
5	Wonderful food and friendly service!! I had their squid ink pasta with shrimp and safron cream sauce...yummy!!! I love the decor (fun art work displayed and available for purchase). They have a good choice of wines, too. Great place!!!!!
5	I've been coming here for as long as I can remember. It all started back on their Eastern and Tropicana location and we would always go there before the Rebel game!!! Way classic. A solid choice is the cheesy bread to start and the shrimp fradiavlo- rivaled by no one. Chef David and his sweet wife Annie (who makes the art decorating the place) are great people, and this local establishment is a real gem in the Henderson culture. Go here!
3	Had a wonderful day kayaking up the Colorado River -- but with near freezing weather, a tired body, and of course, a hungry stomach, my family was looking forward for an awesome meal. Within an hour, we were on our way to the Pasta Shop. Walk in and be welcomed by the sea of locals pouring in, the regulars -- the owner consistently addresses his loyal customers by their first name, giving some a hug, giving some a free glass of wine. Typical local joint. Definitely a plus. To begin with, the restaurant has a very creative interior -- it's an art gallery as well. I was also interested to hear that the owner was the former personal chef of Frank Sinatra, but I was even more surprised to see that this restaurant received incredibly high Zagat ratings (27 for food). I really want to stress that the service here was absolutely exemplary. Out of every single restaurant I have attended my entire life, this restaurant has the best service out of them all. All of our waitresses were incredibly attentive, kind, and willing to tolerate any little change we had -- my personal disliking of cheese was no problem for them, as they substituted my Caesar salad for a balsamic vinaigrette, and my cousins' nut allergy was promptly taken care of. Never once did we ask for more water -- it was consistently refilled. Despite my big Asian family's tendency to order a lot of food and ask for little changes on all of them, our waitresses always smiled and were happy to change it. For example, we wanted to change all the dishes with rigatoni to their famous home-made pasta -- and they had no trouble changing it. Service here is simply amazing. In terms of food, I ordered the Frank's Favorite meat sauce -- their version of a bolognese -- and substituted rigatoni for home-made linguini. First things first, the pasta is CLEARLY home-made and yummy -- while a little too chewy for my personal preference and not "al dente" like I enjoy it, it was still quite good. The meat sauce, on the other hand, was a little unusual. I noticed on the menu that they do not cook meats in the sauce -- they "finely chop" meatballs. This was made incredibly salient early on; the sauce lacked the deep, earthy meat taste that it should have simply for that reason. In addition, there was some weird spice -- kind of minty, but kind of lemony -- that just through the meat sauce to an entire different taste that did not feel right. To be completely honest, the food here does not deserve a 27 on Zagat. The meat sauce just did not taste right and had some things missing -- but don't get me wrong, for as hungry as I was, this place definitely satisfied and was still quite delicious. I also tried my dad's Chicken Marsala, which was AWESOME. Order this if you come; the chicken was tender, perfectly well done, and incredibly flavorful.The tiramisu was ordered for dessert and was also wonderful -- on par with other restaurants and an Italian bakery. Make sure you check in on Yelp for that free pound of pasta too!!!To be concise, this place is good. But it's just that -- it's good. While the service here was just incredible, I really felt as if the 3.5 star rating was justified as the meat sauce just did not taste right. Definitely not deserving of a 27 rating, but definitely a place to check out when in Vegas or Henderson. Make the trip here, I'm strongly recommending it -- I simply just ordered the wrong thing, I'm sure. Food: 23 | Service: 29 | Decor: 20
5	Oh my!  We spent New Years Eve at The Pasta Shop and were welcomed by David and his gracious staff. The food was out of this world!  The filet mignon was cooked to perfection, the noodles --oh! to die for! My boyfriend's salmon tasted like nothing I've ever tasted before! It was cooked to perfection and his pasta sauce was delicious!! Definitely will be going back much more often his New year.   Love the Pasta Shop and all the gorgeous creative art is such an added bonus as is the warmth David gifts to his customers!    Love, love, love this place!
