5	I highly recommend La Marie Portraiture!!!I was treated like a queen from the beginning to the end. I had it worked up in my mind that this would be an uncomfortable experience for me and I am happy to say that I left that photo session feeling so much more confident about myself. My first meeting with La was for my consultation, we went over all my ideas for the shoot. La was very patient and very knowledgeable. She helped me with creating a magical experience. When I went for the actual shoot, I was very nervous! Moments after I arrived we laid out all of my outfits and Hannah worked her magic on my hair and make-up. When I looked in the mirror, I hardly recognized myself, I looked like a super model. My nervousness now turned into excitement! Just like most women, I have many insecurities. I'm not sure how La did it, but she made me feel very comfortable with my body. I knew for a fact that these pictures were going to be fabulous and I could hardly contain my excitement waiting to see the finished product. After a few weeks La had me over to her place to reveal the most beautiful pictures I have ever taken. The whole experience was absolutely ahhmazing and I hope that everybody can experience that sense of ease and comfort that La made me feel!
5	Only one of the most amazing experiences of my life!!! From beginning to end I felt like a goddess. The consultation before hand to find out what styles you are into, what aspect of yourself you would like to focus on, were incredibly helpful in setting the stage for an amazing experience. I absolutley loved the pampering. They know how to treat a lady. Once the photography portion of the session started it was even more amazing! La will make you feel incredibly comfortable as well as make you feel like you are the sexiest woman on the planet. I had so much fun!! I did not want the session to end I was having so much fun! La was amazing, gave great direction and provided comic relief. She also knew exactly what to say to make me feel like a tempting tigress. The reveal is the next best thing. Seeing La's vision completed, I was one proud mama to claim those images were none other than myself. I look at my images often in stunned awe. They are breathtaking, and my husband was speechless. He loved them so much he wanted to do a couple's boudoir shoot with me! We are both super excited to do the shoot with La in a couple months. These photos will serve as a constant reminder that I am beautiful. It doesn't matter how old you are or what size you are. La has the ability to reveal the beauty in everyone. My sister did a boudoir shoot when she was a few months pregnant; she was feeling gross and terrible. She had an outstanding time and was amazed at how beautiful she looked in her reveal session. I am so grateful to have experienced this. I will remember and treasure the experience for all my life. I highly recommend every woman be treated like a queen, pose like a godess, and be immortalized as the true breathtaking beauty that you are and La Marie Portraiture is the place to make that happen.
5	I've been contemplating Boudair photos for several years and I am so happy that I found La Marie when I decided to jump the gun! Aside from the excellent treatment, hair, make-up and overall such a comfortable environment, La's talent to capture sensual beauty is/was evident in her work! Gave the beautiful photo box and online media gallery to my husband as a Christmas gift and he is obsessed with it. In fact, he now hopes to receive new photos every six months! If you have any hesitation about getting Boudair shots done, go with La because you will be more than happy with the service and end result!
5	I absolutely love La! I worked with her on a present for my husband for his birthday and he was stunned by the pictures. I loved how she made me felt and how comfortable I was with her.  This was one of the greatest experiences I have ever had. I have recommended her to everyone looking to do Boudoir shoots! La Rocks!!!!
5	I've always had issues with how I look. Most of the time, I feel like I'm not skinny enough or pretty enough, and I was always shy. Growing up with a mother who was a beauty queen probably attributed to this. It didn't help, too, that I became a single mom at a young age. My self-confidence hit rock bottom and I didn't feel good about myself. I felt ugly, No matter how many times my S.O. tells me I am beautiful. And then I remember, from a few years back, how a photo shoot from college helped me boost my confidence and I thought to myself, maybe doing something like that can help me again.And that's how I decided I wanted to do a photo shoot. For months I did research, and never found a photographer that suits my taste. And then I found La. At first I got scared how everything will be, since she was mainly doing Boudoir shoots before. But the more I look at her pictures, the more convinced that I found the one :)And I couldn't have made a better choice. I was happy with everything, from consultation with La over the phone, to hair and makeup done by Leila, the moscato and the strawberries, and the session itself. They even helped me coordinate my outfits. I felt pampered, I felt beautiful, and I was happy. La is a great photographer. She made me feel at ease, she gave clear directions; it was almost like having your best friend take your pictures; I felt no inhibitions throughout the shoot. The reveal was something else. I was so glad we were in a public place; otherwise I would've probably cried seeing my pictures. I never saw myself that beautiful. I couldn't stop staring at myself. My face was numb at the end of the reveal from too much smiling and I couldn't wait to show my S.O. the pictures for St. Valentine's day. Safe to say he loved them as he refused to give me back my CD :) It definitely is an experience every woman should have and La and her team really know how to bring out the beautiful woman in you :)
5	So.... I loved it so much, I came back for seconds. My husband and I did a couples boudoir shoot and .... It was Hot Hot Hot.We both loved it. My husband loved getting a chance to experience what I had previously experienced. It was so much fun to get photographed by La. She kept us laughing and enjoying every second.  Lots of heated, sensual moments paired with giggly loving moments. La found a way to bring out who we are as  a couple in the photos, and for that we are eternally grateful. My husband says it is definitely worth the money. The fun times and the beautifully stunning pictures that result from such a good time. La did such an amazing job, that we needed to have the photos. Now we have a stunning album to remind ourselves always of how sexy we are as a couple. It was an amazing experience that I am so glad I had the pleasure of sharing with my husband. We will cherish the experience forever and fondly reflect on the photos. Did I mention that I am going back for thirds? I've already booked a mother daughter photo shoot that I am so excited for. I can't thank you enough La. I am addicted. :)
5	I Just did a photoshoot with La this past weekend, and it was an awesome experience. I traveled from California to have the pictures done. For our consultation, I was in The Vegas area staying with a friend, and La went out of her way to meet me in the part of town . She talked with me for almost an hour showing me different Ideas for the shoot, and showing some of her work. She was very respectful to her other clients, only letting me look at pictures that were approved by them for her to show. She even went as far as to bring me a gift bag with goodies for pampering ! She goes over the top to make her clients happy. Just from meeting her that first time I could tell she was a genuinely good person. She listened to my concerns and helped me conceptualize the ideas I had. We scheduled my photoshoot and a few weeks later, It was finally the day! We started at 9 am on a sunday. I came over to her studio in vegas which was beautiful and modern. She had all the appropriate props and lighting needed to make the pictures turn out great. Once at her studio La made me feel at home and not in a rush at all !  She ended up spending well over an hour shooting with me, I was there into the afternoon. her assistant photographer and hair/makeup artist also did an exceptional job ! I was very happy with the way my hair and makeup turned out. Overall I would highly recommend la ! This was also my first time getting professional photos done, and she coached me along the way :)
