5	Great corporate building, high security. Wonderful break room. Friendly people. This is just the corporate office where a lot of their internal business is done.
1	I wouldn't even give them a star except that you have to select something. My husband & I are currently timeshare owners in a property with Club Navigo, which was just bought by Diamond Resorts.So we get to the resort, & we're told we should attend an owner update to hear about some exciting news, the best thing that's ever happened to the resort. Of course, the incentives are too good to pass up. It's just an hour. So we agree. We get there, knowing they'll try to sell us something. So we've been practicing our "no". We sit down with a rep from Diamond who tells us he's not going to try to sell us anything & tries to bond with us over stories of other owners who have been frustrated with Club Navigo & how Diamond is going to make things all better. So after nearly 2 hours & us repeatedly telling him we don't want to sink another dime in this timeshare, we finally get the truth, which he's been dancing around the whole time. The owners have the choice to stay with Club Navigo & their antiquated, annoying reservation system or convert our timeshare to Diamond and their fabulous network of resorts and reservation system, which is light years ahead of Navigo's. Sounds great! Sign me up!So u ready for the catch? We don't own enough points to convert. We have to buy an additional 3,000 points for another $18k!  Seriously?! Now, first we were told we wouldn't be sold anything. Second, we made it clear we didn't want to sink anymore $$$ into this f***n timeshare. To top it off, our maintenance fees would double, & the Navigo inventory will continually decrease as owners convert to Diamond.  I couldn't even look them up on my phone while we were in the meeting to check out reviews. I am certain they were blocking the internet access from the meeting room. Overall, same BS that sucked us in to begin with, but even slimier. We can't sell our timeshare, but their prices will continually go up as our access to other properties decreases, & we'll never get this chance again. This is worse than the crap we've had to deal with from Navigo & has made this purchase the biggest regret of our lives. All in all, I don't trust Diamond & will stick with the demon I do know.
1	Although Diamond Resorts gives you the opportunity to experience vacation ownership at a high level, to do so is extremely costly. To purchase the necessary points is way too costly...over the top costly, not to mention the yearly maintenance fees. Diamond has priced themselves out of the average person's budget!
1	I went on vacation to Palm Canyon Resort, where I am an owner. Was strongly advised to come to an owner update. Was told we WOULD NOT be sold to.The "owner update" meeting was actually a sales pitch where lies, confusing, unethcial tactics were used in order to procure thousands more $$ from us. Sales reps told us information that was not true in order to coerce a sale. They used fear tactics (saying we were going to "lose our Palm Canyon") even though we have a deed. They also told us we could purchase more points and write it off of our taxes (not true), that closing costs have to be included by California law (not true) and while using fear tactics about a special assessment fee we could be charged by the parent company who originally owned our timeshare, they tried to get us to sign up for two sets of maintenance fees for the same property. I told them I am retired/disabled and on a fixed income, yet they were going to make sure I spent some money before I got out of there. A 55 minute "update" turned into hours and hours- we spent an entire vacation day haggling over what mostly turned out to be b.s. The information presented is very confusing, misleading and the way it is presented is not ethical. Bait and switch galore!  I am a California Insurance agent and if I were to do business in the way they do, I would lose my license.
1	I recently stayed at Cancun Resort in Las Vegas, and attended a Diamond resorts sales presentation with Ricky Poyner.  The overall presentation was pleasant although Ricky,  the salesman deliberately lied about them checking my credit.  He mentioned several times that they don't check credit. Immediately following the presentation, I received a notification of an inquiry from Diamond International on my credit report. I'm confused?  Did the salesman deliberately LIE to me? Is this a business of INTEGRITY?  Had we known that attending the presentation would be an inquiry on our credit,  we could have decided whether or not to proceed. That choice was not given to us.I don't believe this was a training issue because the salesman said several times, "we will not check your credit."I have sent a complaint and awaiting a response
1	AWFUL!! DO NOT RESERVE WITH DIAMOND RESORT INTERNATIONAL. They are so sleazy!I reserved for two nights and paid a deposit. Then six months later, I was told I needed to provide legal proof that my husband and I lived together, and our lease was not sufficient. We were specifically told that our driver's license needed to have the same address - this is ABSURD! It was also confirmed to me by a rep in the Marketing dpt that this was a NEW qualification that had been introduced AFTER I had already made the reservation and paid the deposit. One thing is for sure - I will NEVER be dealing with Diamond Resort again!!
1	We were approached at the Golden Nugget in Las Vegas to take part in a timeshare marketing meeting with Diamond Resort International. We were told it would take just 2 hours of our time and we would receive prizes such as $50 in gambling money and tickets to a show. We agreed to take part in this, knowing it would likely be a high pressure sales pitch. However, it was a complete hoax. We were taken by shuttle bus to their facility and were kept there for 5 hours (not 2, like they said). They had 3 different salesman try to pressure us into buying a $20,000 time share at a very high interest rate. They said they needed to do a "soft pull" on our credit in order for us to receive the prizes. However, after we got home, we realized it was a "hard pull" and negatively affected our credit. They would not let up on the pressure until my wife literally starting getting sick and came down with a migraine. In terms of the $50 gambling money, that was a joke too. It was for "entertainment value only" and you had to give it all back to the casino when you were done. If you are approached at the Golden Nugget or the Stratosphere in Vegas to take part in one of these marketing schemes, run away! It is not worth your time and they will lie to you and try to trick you into buying a timeshare!
