5	The mango salad was EXCELLENT, the TukTuk noodles sooo yummy-- THE CREAM OF THE CROP and the most surprising dish for me was this Cambodian dish called Amok... a fried fish with coconut cream sauce that was really different and flavourful.  It's really fun to discover somewhere new and amazing!  Staff was nice and giggly too---
4	The chicken larb salad was solid. Minced chicken mixed with a very aromatic sauce of chili, lime, Thai basil, mint, with shallots and garlic mixed together with toasted rice. My first reaction to this was it would make such a kickass dumpling filling, unfortunately, these countries don't really share a boarder with a dumpling wrapping nation to have ever berth this culinary epiphany. Next project, NOTED.
4	One of very few cambodian restaurants in town.There may be others but in most you have one or two cambodian dishes and that's pretty much it.A lot of the dishes here are similar to thai dishes. The one pearl I found here is the mango salad. It is amazing. The mango is julienned and served with shrimp in a vinegary salad dressing, it is very light and fresh. there are bits of fried garlic as garnish and that really adds some nice flavor. It is a perfect dish.I've had other dishes her, but this is the only one I remember. They also have larb here which is a minced meat salad, although larb is also traditional in Laos and thai cuisine so don't know if this version is strictly cambodian style or not.I definitely recommend this place, it's not pricey and interesting if you are looking to find something new you haven't had before.
5	For Cotes-Des-Neiges this restaurant should get 6 stars.  I've eaten a few items off their menu and they were all delicious.  I work near them so I usually pick up the Bay Chai Tuk-Tuk (chicken and shrimp fried rice) for lunch.  Everything seasoned perfectly.The restaurant is clean and the servers pay attention to detail and are professional.  I took my family to this restaurant when they were in town and they loved it.
5	Can't say enough good things about this small Thai/Cambodia restaurant. Great food good service  try the Tom Yum soup   It is delicious. Will be back soon for sure. Ginger chicken and red curry were awesome. I hope they franchise.
