2	I went in one day for a Orange Julius and the machine was not working. A week later stopped in with some coworkers and chocolate cone wasnt available. A number of workers but awkward ordering and delivery system. I could not identify a supervisor/manager on duty during either visit.
4	I am suppose to be on a diet, but then a Dairy Queen opens up within walking distance of my house. Do I walk there? No way, unless I want die. The horrible turn lanes make it a deathtrap to get into when driving. Dairy Queens are standard throughout. This location is brand new and one of the nicest DQs I have ever seen with plenty of comfortable booths to sit in. They are fully staffed. There were at least five members there on a Sunday night. From ordering to getting our Blizzard, they were cheery. My friend and I were debating on flavors and one girl just said that we could add ingredients to their signature mixes. Nice to know that the workers do not curse when people want to custom make their own ice cream.
4	Normal ice cream stuff here including blizzards.  They also have orange julius.  One time I got some free orange julius because they had made too much for another customer.The non-normal stuff here is the breakfast foods and other grill stuffs.  I've only tried a couple of the burgers, but they have stuff like chicken fingers and hot dogs.I tried a generic cheeseburger the first time.  The single patty burgers here are just too small.  You taste bun and condiments more than you taste beef.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't worth whatever I paid for it.The next time I got the spicy burger (I can't remember what it's called).  This is all I order now.  The sauce is pretty spicy without being overwhelming.  It's a double patty burger too.  Pretty expensive though; I think a small combo was around $8.
1	Wow, Super slow drive threw service, had to pull around out front and that's not really a big deal because I'm thinking OK they are making it fresh. WRONG.. I waited near 30 minutes for cold food and expired product wow! Got my order wrong and had to go back inside to get the rest of my order. The gravy that came with the baskets was expired,. Ice cold food expired product and preoccupied staff made this DQ The worst I have ever been too. And for good measure I made two trips to this location and both were super Fail.. If your looking for Authentic DQ head on over to the location at 1660 West Warm Springs its about 20 minutes from this fake wannabe DQ. Also a nice love letter to Corporate got me some great free coupons LOL
3	This is basically what you should expect as far as food goes.  It's pretty good, but not anything too special.  I basically come here because I love ice cream, but the problem is that these places all charge way too much for a little mix-in ice cream.  My suggestion is to sign up on the fan clubs and go when you get BOGO coupons which is almost every month.  If I was rating this purely on food and ice cream I would go with a 4 stars, but the pricing brings it down a star.
2	Great ice cream but watch the food. I'm glad we decided to eat at the dining room instead of in the car. We split a BLT. Matt isn't a fan of a lot of lettuce so we opened the sandwich to take the green leafy stuff off of his side. When we opened it you could clearly see that the lettuce was spoiled, and not just a little. How someone could have handled it to put it on someone's food is beyond me. It was nasty!!  It left me wondering about the customers leaving the drive thru munching their burgers in the dark. There will be some seriously sick stomachs tonight. I know we'll be sticking with the ice cream from now on. Yuk! By the way, no refund but next time if we let them know sooner they'll make us a new one. Next time? I don't think so.
4	Pretty run-of-the-mill DQ; if you've eaten at one, you've eaten at them all. This one stands out for the good service and friendly staff, though.
4	Ok I Have to update my opinion on this place, Seems as though since a nice letter to DQ Corporate, The quality of food and service has improved immensely .. As well as a different staff..
1	This is one of the WORST run organizations that I have ever seen. The DQ here in Las Vegas seems as though the franchisee is MIA!! It's run by a bunch of kids that can care less. When my wife called to speak to the mgr, they said that he was too busy to talk to her, and when she suggested that she should call corp, the person said" go for it"!! So I called Brittany B. at DQ Corp and to my surprise they didn't do anything about it. She told me that she would have the franchisee call to apologize. Well, it's been over three weeks and counting, yep NO CALL, and NO REIMBURSEMENT!! I am D Q DONE!!!!!
1	TERRIBLE customer service!!! The cashier didn't know what she was doing. First off, she put our order in wrong. Then, when they brought it out, some tall guy acted like it was our fault that the order was wrong and very rudely said he needed to charge us more because what we wanted was all of 50 cents more. If you mess up an order, you don't charge them more money to fix your mistake. Then when they brought out the correct order, they were still rude. I would NEVER recommend this place. If I could give them 0 starts I would.
4	I hadn't had DQ for so long and for some odd reason decided to stop for a banana split.  Landon L. thought that was an odd choice, until he had a bite of it and realized how amazing it is!  I think the pineapple pulls this whole thing together.  Anyway, after that first one last week, I've since eaten 2 more.  It's becoming a problem.Drive-thru is always super fast.  I also got chicken strips, which in NO way resembles what the picture looks like on the drive-thru menu because they were tiny and very sad-looking, but to my pleasant surprise they, too, were delicious.
4	Buy 1 blizzard get one for .99 cents.Heath bar blizzard, Ohhhh yeah!
3	Sorry can't give DQ more then three stars, it's fast food. I will say it was pretty clean and the employees were nice. The best part was, it didn't smell too bad from old frying oil like another DQ location who shall remain nameless. :)
3	Small drive-thru type place with a few tables inside.  Quick service and really nice kids working there.
3	There is just something about Orange Julius that is so nostalgic. This location is somewhat hard to get in and out of if you're traveling East on Windmill, so I usually avoid if I'm not heading West. Service is good for the most part. I have been on a few occasions, usually just ordering the basic Orange Julius drink. They have been a bit inconsistent as far as following the recipe. No two drinks have tasted the same, so it was hit or miss. They also sell all the typical DQ options on their menu.
2	We were very unimpressed with our visit.  Customer service was far less than stellar, food was okay.  Asked for a cone instead of sundae with $5 meal and was told no-- makes no sense!  I've managed a DQ before and would not have had a problem making a switch to a cone in place of the more expensive sundae....
1	Bad service,  over charged for my 5 dollar meal, and then they completely forgot about it and never brought out my meal.. waited 20 minutes for my lunch. Will not be going back.
1	Stopped in to pick up 2 blizzards which were served to us like soupy ice cream. The customer service was terrible and they had about 5 employees working in the front all of which were focused on the drive thru. Terrible service... If you really want DQ go to a different location.
