3	New owners took over the old Tijuana Country Club then Teakwood's location.Went last night to watch the World Series; small crowd.  Nothing has really changed on the interior BUT,the bartender and manager (I assume owner) were much, much friendlier and attentive than anyone was when it was Teakwoods (more like Bleakwoods).  Using the old ratty menus though - come on guys, just print some new ones that aren't torn and stickered over with a new name!Nice guys, our Happy Hour food was good; nothing to really complain out except the bathrooms need some attention (can you please fix the urinal - it's been broken since Tijuana opened and get rid of the 'tagged' mirrors) - compare your bathrooms to Zipp's on Ray in Chandler...Hope they make it, it's a nice property, nice people there, just hidden in the back.  I'll go back and try some other food items then give it the old thumbs up or down...for now, it's ok.
3	Pretty good, lots of interesting menu items.  Kids eat free on tuesdays.  I went there last saturday and they had a live band there too.*Does not serve coke productsUpdate:Lowering rating to 3 stars, the quality of the food seems to have tapered off a bit.
3	There is so much potential at A-Town.  They have a great big space so it never feels cramped.  TVs for all the sports.  Dart board, pool tables, great juke box.  (Good) Live bands, daily specials, happy hours.  I have often seen the owner there, out on the floor, interacting with both staff and guests.  He seems to have the right idea, he obviously realizes the importance of providing a great experience for his customers, however there is just one key piece that seems to be missing.  I don't think the wait staff is on board with this vision.  Please understand, I'm not saying every time we go there it is bad service, but I am saying that it is pretty much hit or miss on if your server is going to be nice to you or not, and when they aren't . . . well, no one is surprised.  Girls rolling their eyes, heavy sighs when you ask for something, overcharging or other mix ups with the bill, overall, just being treated like we interrupted their night of not having to do anything.As it is now, I probably wouldn't start my night at A-Town.  This place is saved more for the after-bar; after I've had a good meal and nice service, after I've had a drink or two, and when we're not quite ready to go home yet.  That's when I go to A-Town.  With that being said, it has been several months since I ordered food here . . .  If the service improves, I'll probably go there more often, and then maybe update my review with glowing reviews of the great service I had and the wonderful food (once I refresh my memory).
1	I was lured in by Groupon, to a place that appeared to have better-than-average, slightly fancy bar food and a fun ambiance... wrong on both points.  Appetizer- previously frozen stuffed jalapenos... how do I know they were previously frozen?  Because they were still frozen when they were served to us.  Caprese salad- mushy, flavorless plum tomatoes with equally bland mozzarella.  They could buy their supplies from costco and do much better.  Burger was dry and overcooked on a burned bun and the tortilla soup was only good after adding plenty of tobasco for flavor.  Ambiance?  There was live music... it wasn't awful, but definitely not something I would seek out.  And they do have a lot of TVs, but most of them are fairly small, and since the space is pretty big, you can't really see them.So that's that... and I'm pretty easy to please.  Maybe if we stuck to straght bar food during happy hour or for Sunday football, we would have done better.. but honestly?  I would only return if it was going to be free.
2	I feel I'm actually being generous giving 2 stars here.  The service was pretty good.  The TV's worked well...I ordered the mushroom swiss sliders.  If I hadn't been in a bit of a hurry I would have sent them back.  Tough, leathery, waaay overdone little meat patties.  They stopped just short of charcoal.  I ate 1 1/2 of them, my dog will get the rest.My wife and daughter both got the regular burgers and felt 2 stars was in order for theirs as well.Just because it's a sports bar it's not ok to serve bad food ya know...
3	i visited this place on a wednesday night looking to catch a suns game. i didn't want to sit at the bar, and it took about 10 minutes before the waitress noticed me wondering around looking for a menu. since the place was crawling, service was rather prompt from then on.we ordered shrimp ceviche, mushrooms & zucchini, new zealand mussels, and a dozen wings. the ceviche's blandness was overcompensated by the saltiness of the chips. since i'm on paleo, i can't speak to the mushrooms & zucchini. the mussels were delicious with a buttery sauce that i repurposed as a dip for the wings. the wings themselves were all right.a local guitar band started playing around 8:30, which was nice.the place is spacious and comfortable, and it looks like the locals do dinner here. i will probably hit this place again if in the area and looking for a place to watch a game.
1	Really want to like this place. Have been here a few times and the food was just never very good and portions were small...especially for the price. Save your money and your tastebuds...go somewhere else.
1	Over priced, small portions, god forbid you need assistance, it takes forever to get staff to refill your drinks or even ask if you need anything. My son got their alligator Jambalaya and it was a sad sight, first I honestly couldn't tell you where the alligator was, the bowl that it was served it was more like a deep plate and all in all I bet it was under 2 cups of food. The rice was mush and it had the feel of lumpy baby food. I ordered the chicken mac and cheese, they should just call it, bell pepper mac and cheese cause that is all you taste, it was down right nasty.  We went because I had a 25 gift card, we order 2 drinks, their soft pretzel appetizer, his Jambalaya  and my mac and cheese, even after the 25 off I still paid almost 25 bucks. Totally not worth it.
1	This place is CLOSED
