3	A friend and I went to our first workout here last night. The staff are super friendly, and its a chic place, not to mention super convenient, if you're always zipping around to Whole Paycheck (otherwise known as Foods) as I do.I'm not sure exactly what it was that we were expecting, but it wasn't... quite this. It's not an aerobic workout, in that the exercises utilize very small movements, so it's great for people with joint problems. But, we did hope that it would be more... ballet inspired. This seemed only vaguely related to ballet. So, the good: Your muscles burn. Both my friend and I are in reasonably good shape, and we were having serious issues with some of the exercises (in a good way). My hip flexors are still sore. So, if you want to focus specifically on your butt and thighs, this is an excellent workout for you. But moreso than a spin class? Hard to say.The bad: The music is so loud, you often have trouble hearing the instructor over it. And, it is sometimes really hard to see what the instructor is doing, because they turn the lights down (maybe they want us to have a dance party vibe in there, I dunno). And, most importantly, for the amount of money they are charging, it just seems ridiculous how little hands on time you get from the instructor. Since so much of the workout relies on technique, it seems like a waste to spend that kind of dough and not know if you are doing it right.So, if you're curious, I encourage you to try it out. Take advantage of the free try out special that they are running. It may very well be perfect for you. I may try another class, but it's unlikely.
4	I danced for years so I thought....barre?  i got this!  Sign me up!  The class was TOUGH.  I've never felt so out of shape in my life.  Who would have thought 2 lb weights could cause so much muscle burn?  The instructor was fantastic, and the studio is lovely.In the middle of the work out I was thinking, "This sucks so hard.  Never again.   Is the door of the studio locked?  I should leave.  I could just leave right now..."  The class was NOT FUN AT ALL.When it was over I felt invincible, and when I woke up this morning hurting everywhere I WANTED to hurt (ie, all the trouble spots) I thought...  "Doing the class sucked, when can I go again?"The class is probably more fun for those in better shape than I am (ie: everyone that is not me).  The music was a good motivator, but I REALLY struggled.  The instructor was helpful in providing ways you can modify the exercise, but I see this as a challenge. I'm going to OWN this workout, I just need to keep at it and I'm sure it will get easier.I'm trying to get back into shape and as a beginner I did struggle w the class but I felt like I got a great work out.I was so incredibly sore aftewards, but a warm bath with a glass of wine helped, and it felt great knowing i earned that glass of wine.I'll def be back, this work out WORKS.
4	Classy act. I think you can see that the management responded to my earlier review in a very nice, non-defensive way. They now offer (who knows if it will become a normal thing they offer on a regular basis) fundamental courses for free, which I think is an EXCELLENT idea for newbies. My friend and I went to one last night, and it was really helpful in introducing us to the movements in a more instructed way. That we got a good workout from it was a nice plus too.So, I give them an extra star for adjusting to client needs. Please consider keeping this class on regular rotation. I can't quite bring myself to give the full five stars because of the cost, but want to give credit where credit is due.
4	After 2 classes at Pure Barre, I'm hooked.  I waited until after the second class to write this because I wasn't sure how much of a workout I got...until I sneezed and my abs felt like they were going to explode...in a good way!I had a LivingSocial deal for 2 weeks of unlimited classes, and it turns out your first class is free, which is a great way for anyone to try it out.  A few tips before you go:-Everyone wears socks with treads on the bottom.  They sell them at the studio, but you can pick up a similar yoga pair somewhere else.-When you go for the first time, the instructor will tell you what equipment you need (weights, a ball, and a band), so that's helpful.-Everyone there looks like they stepped out of the Lululemon catalog.  Don't be intimidated; you can do this workout too!The class starts off fast and doesn't stop.  If you think you're getting a break to stretch, you're not.  The instructor does give you some adjustments, but a lot of the movements are so small that it's tough to know what's right.  My method is to just go by feel; if it's tough, it's probably working.  I was a little surprised that we don't do more barre work; a lot is on mats or the floor.  No problem really, because the barre stuff is the toughest.I really wish it was less expensive, or even if they would include cheaper "community classes" taught by instructors in training like some yoga studios do.  They advertise that you will see results in 10 classes or less....so I'm going every day until my deal expires because I feel it working already!
4	I checked out this place with a LivingSocial deal I had bought. I definitely agree with Kristen H's review below when she said "In the middle of the work out I was thinking, "This sucks so hard.  Never again. When it was over I felt invincible..." & I started to look forward to the class, even though it was really hard! I feel like my posture and gate were even better after finishing the class.I did about 8 classes in 2 weeks and felt like I could already see and feel a change in my body. I won't lie though, after the first class, my body hurt like it never has before for about 3 days. It hurt to go from laying to sitting up, to walk, everything! haha The instructors are all very friendly and the classes are small. I do agree with some of the other reviews that the first class was sort of confusing. It was very fast paced, and I agree that there should have been an intro class. I had the same reaction: "tuck?  tuck what? what muscles am i supposed to be using?"  The instructors also don't always demonstrate every move, and I am a visual learner, so I often found myself looking to others around the room for what to do. There were other times when I could not clearly see the instructor, such as when she was sitting facing the mirror, and I had my positioning wrong because I couldn't actually see their placement from where I was in the room.I loved the class and want to keep going after my deal is expired, but sadly I feel like I can't afford it at regular price. It's $23 per class, and the bundle packages do not make it much cheaper. I just don't have the budget for it. I'm hoping they may run some specials for the new year, or in the future. For now, I think I'll have to try one of the DVD's at home.
5	I consider myself to be in fairly good shape...I've done a few half marathons, a full marathon, and I find myself at the gym 4-5 days a week. But nothing has made me as all over sore as Pure Barre. I had been going once a week since they opened, and bumped it up to several days a week during my 2 week unlimited Living Social deal, which I redeemed over the holidays. In the midst of holiday eating/drinking, I managed to a) not gain weight and b) develop serious muscle tone, especially in my arms.While my schedule (and pocketbook) unfortunately doesn't allow for an unlimited package at this time, I'm a dedicated believer and I'll be keeping it up and buying a DVD set.
5	When I left Nashville in 2011, I told friends that I had three main goals to ease my move to Pittsburgh - one of them was to find something that I loved as much as Pure Barre. After taking classes in Nashville, I struggled to find a gym or classes that I enjoyed for the first year I was back in the 'Burgh. Then, Pure Barre Pittsburgh opened.  I literally cried tears of joy when they announced the location opening.  Yes, I am a Pure Barre addict.  I love how it changes my body. I love how I feel after a class - and I love it even more when I am sore in some random spot b/c I know the technique is working.  I love what it does for my mind - I can't focus on anything while in class but lifting my heels a little higher, tucking my hips a little tighter.  I love that it is constantly a challenge and never really gets any easier...you can always go lower, tuck tighter, lift higher.  I love that each class and instructor is a little different - what thigh exercises are we going to do today? Seat? Abs?  When I started classes I was out of shape and had never really enjoyed going to the gym or working out.  I pushed myself through 3 PB classes in one week and haven't looked back since.  That's the beauty of PB - anyone can do it. Any size, age, shape, fitness level.  But do yourself a favor and don't go to just one class - personally, I think you need to try 3+ classes before you start to grasp the technique and see and feel the changes.  You won't regret it.
5	Nothing makes you feel as invincible as when you walk out of a Pure Barre class.  Full disclosure:  sometimes I'm limping a little when I leave class because you work so hard you FEEL it in your muscles.I am really (temporarily) out of shape right now, I promise I'm probably in worse shape than you are.  You CAN do this work out.  You'll feel very comfortable in these classes, and people of all fitness levels are welcome.The instructors are very nice.  Don't worry if you don't know what you are doing--I still can't complete the whole class and was all cranky when the instructor came over and helped me modify the ab work out so I could finish the exercise set.  Salty, bc at the time I just wanted to lay on the floor.  Glad she did show me the modification bc now I've worked by way up to the regular exercise.I am REALLY out of shape.  For right now.  I was kind of intimidated going to my first class bc I am so out of shape and was afraid I'd look ridiculous in a room full of yoga instructors.  Don't be intimidated if you don't look like a yoga instructor, or you feel like you won't be able to keep up, I'm telling you you are wrong bc all the moves are really about holding onto the bar and squeezing your butt and thigh muscles.Don't worry about how you'll do in class, you just have to do it.And honestly--no one looks particularly cool while squatting and moving their pelvis back and forth*.  It's kind of a moment where everyone in the class is going to bond a little.Its a great feeling when your thighs start shaking--you know what you are doing is effective!  I say I love to hate Pure Barre classes.  The classes are fun but sometimes, in the heat of a tuck, it feels like your thighs are on on fire (I hate it during the exercise!) but then afterwards, I LOVE it.  You'll feel great.  If you've never done a Pure Barre class, find a friend who hasn't gone yet and bring them with you, the class is free.  Give it a try!* Channing Tatum would look AMAZING squatting and thrusting his pelvis back in forth.  Let's all take a moment and think about that....  Oh Channing...  see, we've bonded already!  Now I'll see you in class!
5	How do I love Pure Barre....let me count the ways or should I say let me tuck & hold the ways. Who do I blame for getting me hooked on PB? My lovely daughter of course! She took her free class after Christmas and said to me "Mamma you have to do this! It's sooooo great"! I'm thinking oh gosh this is probably another fitness craze that probably won't be worth anything but she tells me there's a ballet bar involved so I'm thinking ah no problem I'll just hold on to the bar how easy is that AND the first class is free.. perfect! By this time, my daughter has signed up for monthly classes and I eagerly accompany her for my freebie. Our instructor was Laura (who is a lovely person and very helpful) what I experienced during those 55 minutes was so difficult that I said to myself oh baby I have to come back to get a better understanding of those "tuck tuck holddddddd" techniques!So fast forward to today, I've completed 16 classes and my motto is I'm here to finish" :)
5	I've been really out of shape, so I decided to get back to exercising about 6 weeks ago. Pure Barre was one of the places that I tried. First class is free if you are new and you also get a break on the price for the fist month unlimited, so I think that's a plus. Specially if you can go 3-4x a week. After a month I definitely noticed a lot of improvement in flexibility, strength, isolating muscles and I'm building up to get trough the pain with the legs but at the beginning I was wondering is this even doable?  I got the pure barre socks but for some reason (probably fabric softener) I slide around in them so the toe less socks option works better for me.I love the upbeat music and that the hour goes so fast and that I don't feel drained and exhausted after. The instructors are very nice and helpful, they do go around and correct you if you are doing something wrong.
5	Pure Barre, you are the best.I just finished my new client special of one month unlimited classes at a discount. And man, after less than three weeks into it--what's that in the mirror? Definition!? Muscles changing!?If you're like me, you won't understand the rationale of sweating in $80 pants and a $50 shirt. If you're like a lot of the other clients there, you'll look super, super cute and trendy while exercising. Either way, it's fine. Be happy that you are getting a workout that is effective.The results are where most of the motivation comes from. I can tell you--as a non-athlete and a pastry fiend--Pure Barre will improve your physical fitness quickly, even if you're like me and can only hold a position for 20 seconds at a time. The rest of the motivation comes from instructors that are helpful and encouraging, perfectly tempo'd music, and the fact that each exercise lasts for mere minutes, so you're always almost finished! The whole hour flies by.Pure Barre gets 5 stars from me because it's a 5-star service, no question about it. However, unless you can attend a "Breaking Down the Bar" workshop (there wasn't one offered during my month), you will only learn the technique gradually. This can be frustrating because you want to get the most out of your investment. Still, it's not a huge deal because it's a great workout regardless, and the instructors will answer any questions you have and correct your form. I suggest trying a few classes with different instructors because they each have their own style, though the classes themselves are all very uniform.So glad Pure Barre came to Pittsburgh, and so glad I discovered it!
4	In the realm of the "barre" explosion in fitness circles around the U.S., the Pure Barre brand stands out for a couple of reasons.  First, you get results like nowhere else.  Second, they have a TON of locations and are growing rapidly.  On the down side, because it's a franchise, you can't buy a package in one place and use it at another (unless the two locations have the same owner & management), but that's not a big deal.It still leaves me wanting some cardio, so I don't suggest doing ONLY this barre workout, but they really DO deliver on the tagline of "Lift Tone Burn."  It does all three, and more.  Prepare to suffer (in a good way).
4	I love this place! I have done about 13 classes so far, and there are major changes in my body! I did the first class free, and then I bought the New Client Special for $99 for a month unlimited. Every instructor that I have taken with has been challenging and motivational. Being that I am a new client, I have noticed that each instructor has taken the time to discreetly help me to improve my form during class. Along with the fabulous instructors, the workout is amazing. As I said before, I have noticed big changes in my body and strength. I was lifting at the gym with my husband, and I realized that I needed to go up in weight. I credit that all to Pure Barre. During the class, I sometimes want to wave the white flag and surrender, but by the end of class, I feel so refreshed and empowered. I am giving Pure Barre a 4 star rating because of the price. Sadly, a Catholic school teacher cannot afford the steep $23/class on a regular basis or the prices after my new client special expires. I really love this workout and feel so much better about myself as a result!
5	I am just finishing up my new client special month and feeling better than I have since before I had two kids!  I was starting to think I would never get my strong body back, but I am well on my way.  I really like the online scheduling because I put classes on my calendar, and then I definitely go to class because I scheduled it!  It's not like joining a gym where you can talk yourself out of it :)  The classes themselves are a very good use of an hour--they are very challenging but the hour goes by quickly.  I feel sore after every class even a month later, and I love this because I know I am really pushing myself.  My clothes fit better and I feel great!  I just signed up for three more months.
5	Since I last wrote my review, I took advantage of special pricing on a 3 month unlimited promotion for students. And I'm obsessed. I cancelled my gym membership, and Pure Barre has a customer for life. I get results unlike any other exercise (I have never worn a size 2 dress in my life until this point) and it's absolutely invigorating. I have recommended it to everyone I know. I literally cannot say enough good things.
3	Pretty cool! I like trying new fitness places! My first time was great girls are amazing and Brooke taught a great class. 3 stars for making them you clean your equipment up after class. Maybe I'm a spoiled New Yorker but honestly you can't charge that kind of money and then make your clients wipe down their mats and stuff. Maybe Pittsburghers have time for that, I certainly don't.
